Part 1: The Dress Shirt

How are you supposed to meet people these days if you aren't a computer nerd? I've tried nightclubs, but you can't hear what a cute guy's saying over the music, and two or three drinks doesn't exactly help your judgment. If you do hook up with someone attractive, you have to do the morning-after walk of shame, with your panties in your purse, and the worst part is, that deep craving has turned into an unfulfilled ache, because the drunk guy who seemed hot enough at the bar turns out to live in his mother's basement and thinks foreplay is something you do on the golf course.

I'd just returned from such a shameful walk when I got the call. I tossed my keys into the bowl by the door and sat on my vintage chair while I jotted down the details. Some rich jerk was having an organizational crisis, and it was time for me to have a shower, put on my Bitch Boots, and go color-sort a wardrobe full of designer ties and sixty-dollar socks.

Such is the life of a professional organizer who caters to the needs of the mega-rich. Oh, I used to cater to the needs of the just-rich-enough, but then I discovered the Bitch Boots, and they promised me the power to break into the mega-rich market. Or so I believed. In any case, I'd started dressing better, and the jobs had gotten better, and I wasn't complaining about either. You gotta love a quality fabric.

Over the phone, I told Suzanne I'd drive to the client's in an hour. I checked my breath on my hand. "Make that an hour and a half," I said. "I need to hydrate."

"Not acceptable!" she yelled into the phone from her side. "We're on the cusp, here, Lexie. Be there by eleven or I'll send another girl."

"You wouldn't."

"I'll send Trisha," she said, but her voice had that quiver that said she was bluffing.

"Trisha's in Boston, visiting her mother. I'll be there by eleven-thirty."

Her voice steely, she said, "Eleven-fifteen."

"Suzanne, have I ever told you what an excellent pimp you'd make?"

I went on to elaborate about pimp-style wardrobe choices and pimping out her little Honda, but she'd already ended the call.

The address I'd jotted down looked familiar. Was it that mansion I'd drive by and gaze at when I was feeling like a have-not and wanted to make myself feel even worse? No, it couldn't be. Whoever lived in that place would have full-time staff and wouldn't mess around with contractors like me.

I looked down at the cell phone in my hand, which I was absent-mindedly rubbing across the ache between my thighs, the edge of the phone digging a little deeper by the second. If only I'd gotten off last night or this morning, my mind wouldn't be such a mess.

A quickie in the shower would take care of my problems, at least for the day.

Unfortunately for me and my aching nub, the phone rang again-the one on the wall, connected to the intercom. Mrs. O'Hara was at the front door and needed help with her groceries. I cursed my inner Good Samaritan and took the elevator down to help her. No good deed goes unpunished, as they say, so Mrs. O'Hara treated me to a libido-crushing anecdote about having a cyst lanced. I got her and her groceries loaded into her condo and refused her offerings of lemonade.

Back in my place with no time to spare, I barely had time to splash some water on my face, pull on my I-Mean-Business gray suit (the most expensive thing I owned, that I was still paying off) and my Bitch Boots, and dashed down to my car.

On the drive over, I wondered what kind of job was ahead of me. Suzanne hadn't told me how much work there was, or how many days I'd be on the case, but I didn't care.

The address was in the rich part of the city, and, while I love organizing almost anything, there's a very special joy I get from handling designer suits and ties and those custom-made shirts. Oh, those shirts!

My loins were still aching, unsatisfied. I had to organize things all day, but I knew the minute I saw one of those shirts, I'd be dreaming about pulling one on over my na**d body and then riding something, maybe a leather ottoman. Better yet, some hot, muscled thing, like a gardener or a pool boy. I'd unbutton the shirt, grab onto the sides of one of those button-upholstered leather ottomans rich people always have in their walk-in closets, and I'd make that pool boy blush and squeal.

"Lexie Ross!" I admonished myself. "Enough of your filth. Get your mind on the job."

Mmm, pool boy. Blow job?

"The organizing!" I reminded myself. "Gotta get paid."

I arrived at the address Suzanne had given me and pulled the car under the shade of an enormous oak tree.

The address. It was the one. The mansion. The home of my dreams. Thick columns at the front, a wrought iron gate, and timeless architecture. The landscaping was impeccable, almost drawing attention from the house.

After I turned off the engine, I smoothed down my gray suit, sliding my hand in under the jacket to give each of my br**sts a little I'll-Get-To-You-Later squeeze.

The woman who answered the door shut it immediately when she saw my face.

I pressed the buzzer again and spoke confidently into the intercom, "My name is Lexie Ross. I'm from Busy Town Organization, and I do have an appointment."

"How old are you?" she asked through the intercom. I imagined her wrinkled lips flattening into a line at the end of the question.

"Twenty-eight," I said, adding on two years.

"We requested someone with more experience."

I rolled my eyes-a bad habit I was trying to break. "I've been organizing for seven years," I said, doubling my time and adding a year for good measure. So what, everybody exaggerates on their resume, I figured.

She opened the door, revealing an elegant face with minimal, tasteful makeup. "I'm not allowing any young women near Mr. Thorne," she said.

"Does he eat them?" I joked.

She scowled. I thought her scowl couldn't get any deeper, and then she saw my Bitch Boots, and it did.

I extended my hand and said, warmly, "It's nice to meet you, Ms. ... ?"

She looked both ways and waved me into the house-or should I say, mansion.

"Call me Grace," she said, and she shook my hand. "Next time, you'll come in through the side, to the servants' entrance."

"Of course," I said, looking up first at the enormous chandelier and then down at the gleaming marble tile floor. The tiles were so shiny, and reflective. I could see the chandelier beneath me. I caught a glimpse of my red silk panties in the reflection and quickly shifted my feet together before Grace could see them.

She glanced up and gave me a smirk. Oh, she saw.

Grace, who looked about fifty, but a feisty fifty, licked her lips.

"Come," she said, wiggling a finger.

I'd love to, but you're not my type, I thought, smiling sweetly.

"Of course," I said, and I followed her up a grand wooden staircase.

She took me down a hall, around a corner, and then led me into a closet, and by closet, I mean an entire room, bigger than my two-bedroom condominium and then some. As she explained the job, I wandered around the walk-in closet. Trying to stay focused on her words, I stroked one smooth cotton shirtsleeve after another, that familiar sexy feeling flowering in my silk panties. If only Grace would stop talking about the seasonal shift and the wardrobe transition and leave me alone with the clothes! There was some talk about a moth infestation that had gotten into the wool drawers, but had been taken care of. Unfortunately, the moth people had completely boned up-my words, not Grace's-the organization.

"He's in the shower now," Grace said.

The faint smell of cologne that lingered in the room, emanating from the clothes, was relaxing me, loosening my tongue. I giggled, unprofessionally. "Who's in the shower? The moth man?"

The scowl returned. "Mr. Thorne."

"Oh. I look forward to meeting him."

She crossed her arms. "You won't see him. You're going to lock this door from the inside. I've laid out his clothes on his bed, so he has no reason to come in here. Do not make a peep, and do not let him know you're in here." She gave me a meaningful look. What exactly she meant, I had no idea, but surely it was meaningful. And serious. "Do you understand?"

"Don't come out of the closet," I said, nodding. "Got it."

"Not even if there's a fire," she said.

"We may have to charge extra if there's a fire," I joked.

She pulled out a roll of hundred-dollar bills. "If you can get this entire closet organized today, and then two more jobs done over the next two days, there's a bonus in it for you. Cash, no report to your employer. But on one condition. You must complete the job without being seen, heard, or smelled, by Mr. Thorne."

"Smelled?"

She narrowed her eyes at me. "He has keen senses."

I bit my lower lip. That was a lot of money. Professional organizing paid well, when you could get the work. Truth was, I stuck to vintage furniture in my condo because it looked great and I knew a few places I could get great deals. I wasn't exactly flush with cash, especially not after investing in so much wardrobe. The month and the money usually ran out at the same time. With that much cash, I could have a safety net. I could even set up my own business and quit being pimped out by Suzanne, as much fun as she was.

"I aim to satisfy," I said.

Her eyes twinkled. "I bet you do. Let's be sure none of it happens with Mr. Thorne. Only with his wardrobe."

A door opened and closed nearby. Grace cocked her head.

I whispered, "Is that him?"

A man's voice floated out like a bass string on a cello. He said, "Grace, I don't think it's turtleneck weather."

I shook my head and rolled my eyes, then grabbed a summer sweater from nearby. I whispered, "Silly Grace, it's not turtleneck weather for another month."

She snatched the green sweater from my hands and backed away. "Not a peep, remember?" She deftly twisted the handle of the door to lock it from the inside and pulled it shut.

Alone in the room, I had a good look around. The clothes were not unusual-the typical well-made but low-key wardrobes you see on business leaders and movie stars. By comparison, my gray tweed suit, which wasn't cheap, looked like a dust rag.

Where was Mr. Thorne? I'd lost all sense of direction after being led through the long hallway, and the room had no windows for reference.

Mr. Thorne. What a hot name. I didn't see any clothes that might belong to a Mrs. Thorne.

The room had three doors, and he had to be on the other side of one of them, getting dressed, fresh from a hot shower.

I listened at the door Grace had left through, but heard nothing.

I started working, mentally mapping out where I'd put the ties and socks, when my thoughts were interrupted by the low murmur of a man, singing. Singing?

My Bitch Boots were too noisy on the hardwood floor. They'd be a dead giveaway if he was nearby, so I zipped them off and ran barefoot to one of the other doors, listening for the man's voice. He wasn't behind door number two, but he wasn't far away, behind door number three. On the other side of the wall.

I put my ear to the door and breathed deeply as he hummed the wordless melody of a familiar song.

One of my hands moved down to the hem of my skirt and stroked the inside of my thigh. I shivered. That touch felt good, the cool hand on my thigh. Not as good as a man's hand, but nice.

He kept singing, louder now, with that deep voice. Was it opera? There were words, but they sounded Italian, not English.

Both hands darted between my legs, rubbing and pinching the sensitive skin. I closed my eyes and tried to picture him. If he was the man all these suits belonged to, that meant he was tall, with broad shoulders, and a narrow waist. Maybe a swimmer's physique, I thought as one hand slipped inside my red panties.

He stopped singing, and for a moment, I felt self-conscious, like someone could see me. There were three doors, but they were all closed, and Grace had locked them all, hadn't she?

I yanked my hand out from my panties and carefully checked the lock on the nearest door, and then the other two. All the doors were locked, which meant I could do whatever I wanted, which was definitely not organizing the socks. Not yet. The socks could wait.

My need had started up the night before, dancing at the club between two attractive men, roommates or friends or something. I had to choose which one to go home with, and I'd chosen poorly. He'd been fast asleep before I'd even gotten warmed up.

The morning after, mildly dehydrated and extremely frustrated, I was suffering, but not for long.

I pulled off my gray jacket and hung it on a wooden hanger, then slipped out of my skirt.

There was a wood chair in the middle of the room, and I soundlessly brought it over to the door where I'd heard Mr. Thorne's voice, and I took a seat, my legs parted wide. The singing began again. I leaned my head against the door and ran my hands over my br**sts, still in the red bra, and then up and down my legs. The desire blossomed out from my belly once more, with a ferocity.

I slipped a hand into my panties and began to rub at the engorged folds, fattening by the second, my slick finger moving easily back and forth, up and down, round and round.

"Hello?" he said from the other side of the door.

I clapped my free hand over my mouth. Now I'd done it. I'd moaned out loud, hadn't I? Lexie, you filthy slut, you were hired to organize this closet, not give it a one-woman sound show!

"Huh," he said to himself, then he went back to singing.

Oh, that voice!

The laundry bin wasn't far from where I sat, so I took a short break from my ministrations-it's always better if you let the fire build up a little-and pulled out a rumpled shirt. It was pale blue. I wondered if it went with his eyes. Was he putting on the lightweight green sweater I'd picked out for him?

I took off my red bra, let it drop to the floor, and pulled on his shirt. The stiff cotton grazed my hard ni**les, and I bit into my knuckles to stifle a moan of pleasure.

The singing stopped again. He knows I'm in here, I thought. He's like a wolf, and he can smell me through the door.

I sat down on the chair again and let the cuffs of the too-large shirt fall down over my wrists. I twisted and squirmed to pull off my panties, then I propped one foot up on the edge of the chair and really let myself have it with both hands, dragging the cuffs of the shirt over my moist folds. I didn't care that I was leaving my sweet juices all over the garment-it would be off to the laundry, and nobody would be the wiser.

The smell on the collar was manly, musky. I drank it in as I rubbed myself, back and forth, up and down.

He was there, so close, on the other side of the door. I imagined it so clearly, that I swear I could hear him breathing. I moaned quietly, the sound of myself sending a shiver up and down my core. There was no return sound from the other side of the door.

Still, I imagined him there, stroking a long, thick, velvety member. Surely he was there, and could feel the heat of my desire, coming through the door. Surely he wondered why Grace had set out his clothes for him, and why the door to his walk-in closet was locked.

All he had to do was push a key into the lock, shove it in and turn it, and I'd fall through the doorway at him.

The smell on the collar.

Musk.

Cotton.

Slick finger, over, under, round and round.

When I came, my orgasm bearing down like a train, I nearly fell off my chair. I realized I'd been arching my back and leaning back so far, my throat exposed. I clenched my legs together, gripping my hands so they didn't dare move away.

From the other side of the door, I heard the man's grunt, and then a moan.

As my body cooled down and I pulsed my thumb for one last shudder, I swear I heard a moan again. You're hungover, I told myself, and you have an absolutely filthy imagination.

I didn't hear anything else after that.

I took off the shirt and held it against my nose, deeply inhaling the scent of cologne and that distinctive smell of a man's body. I almost came a second time, just from the smell of him, the idea of him. My sweet juices were on my hand and on the cuffs, and his smell and mine together were the most intoxicating thing I'd ever encountered.

I tossed the shirt back into the laundry and got dressed.

Over the next few hours, until Grace came to check on me, I tried to keep my mind only on my work, but every half hour or so, I'd run back to the laundry basket and smell that shirt again. I buried it deep, under the other shirts and boxers, but I knew it was there.

Grace came to check on me just as I was sliding the last crisp wool suit jacket into place.

She glanced over at my Bitch Boots, limp on the ground, and looked me up and down. "You look like you've been rode hard and put away wet."

"Beg pardon?"

"It's an equestrian expression. I gather you don't ride?"

"Not horses." I pulled my boots on and zipped them up.

Grace chuckled, then looked around at my handiwork. "Lexie, this really is a top-notch job. You'll be able to handle Mr. Thorne's office tomorrow? Are you just as good with files as you are with clothes?"

"For something as intimate as an office, I'd need to work with the client." I thought about the deep-voiced singing I'd heard on the other side of the door. And the groan. "I'd need to work directly with Mr. Thorne. One on one."

Grace shook her head. "Mr. Thorne cannot see you. Absolutely not. I'll try to keep him out of the house, so we don't have to play around with locked doors, but the arrangement still stands."

I didn't question her, just nodded my head. Rich people were weird. It was best to act like whatever weird thing they wanted was the most reasonable thing in the world.

"Same time?" I asked.

"Earlier, say nine. And come to the side door," she said. "And you might want to bring a lunch. The cook has the day off, and you're looking a little pale. I wouldn't want this little job to take too much of a pounding on you."

"No, that would be terrible," I said.

She held the door open and I walked out past her. She took a deep sniff as I walked by.

She showed me out through the side door, which was a shame, because I would have liked to have seen the look on Grace's face when I passed over the shining tile floor and she noticed I didn't have any panties on. They were in my purse. Again.

You need to get your act together, I told myself.

Then I thought about the roll of cash, and I no longer had a care in the world.

On the drive home, I found myself singing that song he'd been singing. I didn't know the words, but the memory was stuck in my head.

When I got home, I had a quick bite to eat, then propped myself up in bed with my laptop.

Mr. Thorne couldn't see me, but I could see him-or his photo, at the very least.

I tried every search I could think of, but the last name was too common, and even combined with the city name, I still got too many search results. I found nothing in combination with the address, but that was normal. The rich liked their privacy.

I scoured the many Mr. Thorne photos for suits, comparing the ones online to what I'd seen in the closet. As I looked, I rubbed my legs together. Again? My gal wanted to go again? What, was I turning into a guy? I'd just gotten off, not hours before.

After zooming in on a photo of a Mr. Thorne in a dark blue suit, I propped the laptop up on a pillow and opened my Drawer of Delight. I selected the one that had a Mr. Thorne quality, sleek and tasteful, and got to work, taking my time.

As I moved the vibrator's settings between oh-yeah and OHMYGOD, I pictured a man in an expensive suit doing all sorts of things to me. Things I'd never done before: spanking, tricky positions, and even sex in public. I'd settled on a nice image of us in an underground parking lot, me gently biting the shoulder of a man whose face I'd not yet seen. The vibrator was on its lowest setting when I came, hard and fast, crying out in surprise.

I clapped my hand over my mouth. The window to my bedroom was open, and people were walking by outside, talking. Someone asked their companion, "What was that? Did you hear people having sex? I think it came from up there."

I pulled one of my pillows over my face and giggled like mad.

I suddenly stopped laughing. Had I made all those loud noises earlier today, in the closet? He must have heard me. Damnit.

All the more reason to be extra careful the next day, careful not to be seen, and even more careful not to be heard. And yet, I hoped he'd noticed the scent in his walk-in closet. I didn't know if Grace would be taking credit for the work or if he'd know someone else had been touching his things, folding his boxers and smelling his suits. I hoped he'd pulled the blue shirt from the laundry and smell me on it, then go mad with desire for me.

With that thought, I grabbed my vibrator from the bed next to me and dialed it up to OHMYGOD.

Part 2: The Office Chair

Mr. Thorne had a handsome chair. As I gazed at the swivel chair with the ergonomic, space-age-fabric back-the type of specialized Euro office equipment that probably costs two grand-I imagined the handsome buns that sat there. Did he use the chair first thing in the morning to check on his stocks? Perhaps while wearing only his boxers?

I ran my fingers along the armrests and fantasized about doing a sexy little striptease for Mr. Thorne, culminating in a lap dance. I'd never given a lap dance before-I'm an organizer, not a stripper-but something told me I'd enjoy the act. Perhaps it was my damp panties. Blue ones that day, with the matching bra. I'm not normally such a stickler for matching things up, I just grab whatever's freshly laundered, but the Thorne mansion was bringing out my best and worst behavior-best because of the matching, and worst because I kept rubbing my mound on the edge of Mr. Thorne's desk. Now I was imagining him spanking my butt, and punishing me for snooping around in his papers when I was supposed to be tidying.

All the good stuff was locked away in a filing cabinet, anyway. Phooey.

Grace had made sure of that before she left me alone to organize Mr. Thorne's office. I had little to do, mainly making tidy stacks and folders for piles of magazine clippings and newspaper articles. From what I could tell so far, Mr. Thorne was a visual man. That meant he liked to look at br**sts in a nice bra. He also preferred to have his magazine clippings somewhere he could see them at a glance, not tucked away in a drawer. For a man like that, stacking file organizers and those pockets you attach to the wall work best, preferably clear lucite ones.

Lucky for Mr. Thorne, I knew just where to buy such things, and I got a discount. I'd mark up the materials and get a little profit on them as well. I'd be making some good money from this job, and even more if I accomplished the seemingly-simple task of keeping from being seen.

I leaned across the thick, oak desk that was positioned to look at the garden view out the picture window. I used my little measuring tape to measure the width of the desk, and then I thought about using it to measure the width of other things-male things. This gave me a giggle, and I leaned harder onto the desk. I relaxed my neck and rested my face on the cool surface, pressing my right cheek against the wood while imagining a firm hand spanking my bottom for being so naughty.

As I was sprawled out this way, I heard a man's voice, outside the door. The door wasn't locked, because Grace had said Mr. Thorne was out golfing and not due home for hours.

Grace was talking to him, very loud, telling him not to go into his office because ... she thought she saw a mouse in there. A mouse! I glanced around.

"Use the laptop in the kitchen," she pleaded.

"Don't be ridiculous. A mouse? How would it have gotten in here?"

"Through the door?" she said. "I think I saw one come in when the groceries were being delivered. A little white one."

Oh, Grace, I thought, you're not the world's greatest liar, are you?

Mr. Thorne laughed at the idea of being afraid of a mouse. The door opened. He came into the room.

He paused, and I was sure he saw me, crouched in the shadow underneath the thick wood desk, like a mouse in a cave.

"I don't see a mouse," he called back to Grace.

She sounded flustered as she prattled on about mice and their habits.

He dismissed her, closed the door, and crossed the room. I caught a glimpse of golf shoes, and a whiff of his cologne.

"No mouse," he said to himself. "But I do smell pu**y." I couldn't see his face, but I imagined him shaking his head as he said, "Must be my imagination."

I bit my lip and breathed in deeply, trying to filter the smell of myself through my nostrils, like some human air freshener, which was ridiculous, but when you're hiding under a billionaire's desk and a big roll of cash is on the line, you do what you have to do.

"Mousey, mousey, mousey," he said, and he pulled the chair away from in front of me. "Pussy, pu**y, pu**ycat?"

My breath caught in my throat.

He sat down on the chair, his legs wide, and his crotch facing me.

I gulped, a little too loud, I feared.

He had quite the package, from the look of it. I licked my lips as the blood rushed to my own crotch area.

He was so close to me, and yet, I couldn't do anything. I wondered what he would do if I reached out and gently unfastened that expensive-looking belt buckle.

As if my own feverish imagination was making my thoughts reality, his own hand unfastened his belt. He had thick fingers, young-looking, with shiny nails, as though they'd been buffed. Of course he'd have a manicure, I thought. A guy that rich probably had four girls work on him at once to save time, one for each hand and foot. Maybe he had a fifth girl too, for other buffing needs.

I licked my lips again and swallowed hard, because my mouth was watering.

The bulge in his pants was moving, growing larger, taller.

He groaned and adjusted himself, the tip of it emerging above the edge of his waistband.

Come on, baby, just undo that zipper, I coaxed him with my mind.

"Hello," he said.

My heart nearly skipped a beat. He knew I was there! I opened my mouth to answer him, but my vocal chords locked, and thank goodness, because he wasn't talking to me, as it turned out.

"No preference," he said, apparently on the phone. "Oh, unless Candy's there. Is Candy there? Nice. Yes, I'll hold."

One of his hands slipped into his pants while the other one undid the fastener and folded down the opening. He sighed as he brought out his equipment. He shifted his weight and slid his pants partly down to let everything out.

He moved a little closer to the desk, his foot nearly touching my knee. I could smell the musk coming from between his legs, and it excited me. He'd worked up a little fresh sweat on the sunny golf course, and it smelled good. It smelled like a man. I'd been with some boys lately, but not with a man. Not since ...

Mr. Thorne kicked off his golf shoes, and one of them struck me softly on the shin, but he didn't notice. I pushed the lovely shoe a few inches away from me. They looked custom-made, just like so many of the items in his walk-in closet.

I looked at his crumpled pants and thought, Shame on you, Mr. Thorne, you ought to hang those up, or they'll wrinkle.

He pushed the chair back and stood, then whipped down the pants, crossed the room, and and lay them across the sofa.

I got a nice look at his bare bottom, round and muscular, and legs like tree trunks. As he leaned over, his thigh muscles bulged. When he turned back again, the sight changed from those gorgeous bu**ocks to that proud soldier of his, perfect and sturdy and begging to be grabbed onto. I could grab it like a handle, I thought. I imagined his perfect penis would fit so nicely in my hand, my mouth, anywhere he wanted to stick it.

I nearly came crawling out from my cave under the desk, begging to put it in my watering mouth, or my other spot, but I didn't. The thought of the bonus from Grace, and my mortgage payment, kept me glued to my spot.

He returned to the chair and sat comfortably, his gleaming rod in profile to me, so velvety and hot-looking, and begging to be stroked.

"Hi Candy," he said, and I swear it got even bigger, right in front of my eyes.

I stuck my thumb in my mouth and started sucking.

"My golf game didn't go so great," he said into his phone. "One of my business colleagues is still sore from a deal I took away from his company, and he kicked my ball when nobody was looking."

I sucked my thumb harder, hoping to sooth the ache in my groin. Carefully, I rearranged my position under the desk so I could get my other hand between my thighs and up my skirt.

He laughed, that deep voice of his sounding more friendly than authoritative. "No, not those balls. My golf ball. Oh, Candy, you're a silly girl. You know I have a weak spot for silly girls. Especially when they're smart, like I know you are, but they play dumb. You know that makes me so hard."

And he wasn't lying. His lovely soldier was getting bigger and bigger, and he'd only just started stroking it, moving his hand up and down like he was warming up an expensive musical instrument.

"Candy, I want you to get on your knees. I can smell you. I can smell your pu**y, right through this phone. God! How are you doing that? It's like you're in the room with me, with your little pocket."

He stroked some more, faster, then slower. I rubbed a circle around my clit, wider and wider, then narrowing in, but pulling away before I made myself see stars. I could take myself to the edge, but I didn't dare go over, because I'd probably cry out and moan with pleasure, betraying my hiding spot and forfeiting the bonus.

"Is your little pocket wet?" he asked her. Under the desk, I nodded my head. Uh-huh. My pocket was wetter than ever. My pocket was moist and ready for anything.

"I'm putting the tip in. Open wide, pull your legs apart for me. How's that? Is it making you tingly all over? Moan for me, girl. Yeah. Again. Oh come on, Candy, I'm not going to give it to you unless you want it. Make me believe you want it. I'm pulling the tip back out."

His hand slowed and then stopped, and he reached down and tugged at the skin on his balls briefly, the head turning purple and straining against his tugs.

"That's my girl," he said. "I like it when you whimper. You know, nothing in this world makes me happier than to satisfy your needs. I closed a billion dollar deal today, and all I could think about was how it wasn't as good as the sound of some sweet girl, squirming on the end of my cock."

Him saying that word gave me a little jolt of electricity. I didn't love the word, but I didn't mind it coming from him. He said it so proudly. I mouthed the word silently under the desk just as my hand circled in on the target spot and sent shivers of pre-orgasm pleasure through my body.

I must not!

I sucked my thumb harder. I could go over the edge, as long as I didn't make a sound. I just had to be careful.

Mr. Thorne had stopped talking and was just listening to whatever Candy was saying on the other end of the line. His hand started to shake, getting nervous and excited with anticipation, just like my hand was.

He gripped it tighter around the base and jerked in his chair.

I imagined that the little thumb in my mouth was actually him, and I dug my fingers against my moist crotch as I pressed down hard on my nub, squeezing myself in my own hand, and sending myself over the edge, all the way over.

I felt the tingles all the way from the top of my scalp to the tips of my toes, the electricity circling my fiery ni**les and even my back door, with delicious pleasure.

My thumb quivered with ecstasy inside my mouth.

"That was different," Mr. Thorne said, sounding more authoritative suddenly.

His solder lay spent, resting on his thigh like a forgotten toy.

"Have a good day," he said, his voice suddenly all business.

Under his desk, mere feet away from his na**d lower half, I quivered with the final aftershocks of my deep, satisfying orgasm.

Have a good day, indeed.

I knew he'd ended the phone call, because his other hand came down to rest on his thigh, the phone's screen back to black.

"So weird," he mused to himself. "I swear I can smell pu**y."

He pulled some tissues from the box on his desk to tidy up, then stood, and put his boxer shorts and dress pants on again.

There was a mini-fridge concealed behind a wood panel, and he opened the door and stared at the contents for a long time.

I'd love a lemonade, I thought. Or a beer. I haven't had a beer in ages, but I'd love one right now. Nothing like a refreshing beer right after a life-affirming orgasm.

He took out a light beer and cracked it open.

He crossed the room back toward me, and I held my breath and pulled back as far as I could edge as he reached his feet under the desk to slip the golf shoes back on again.

Then he turned and left the room.

The door clicked shut, but I still waited several minutes to be sure the coast was clear before I emerged from under the desk.

I helped myself to a beer from the mini-fridge. Yes, Mr. Thorne, there actually is a mouse in your office. She's been hiding under your desk and now she's drinking your beer!

Grace had told me to help myself to the mini-fridge's contents, along with my bagged lunch. I was allowed, but I still felt the thrill of doing something illicit, because I was sure she meant the soda, not the beer. The first sip of beer was incredible, and the second was even better.

My legs where shaking from all the excitement, and the leather sofa was calling for me to lie down and take a rest, but I still had to get the office tidied up.

I worked like a speed demon for an hour, then when Grace came to check on me, I zipped out to pick up the supplies at the nearby office supply place.

The enormous smile never left my face.

Part 3: The Gardener

It was my third day at the Thorne mansion, and I still didn't know Mr. Thorne's first name, nor what he looked like from the waist up. For the previous two days, Grace had whisked me through to my appointed task room and escorted me back out again, giving me no chance to wander around on my own, finding photos or clues.

I could have done some more digging online, but after a bath and dinner, I'd gone straight to sleep the night before, crashing out on the vintage teak sofa in the living room, which was quite unlike me. Mr. Thorne's office had put me through my paces, in more ways than one!

As I parked my car along the side of the mansion, my ni**les got hard in anticipation. I peered under my blouse at my nips, peering up like ripe raspberries from within my push-up bra.

One more day, I told myself. One more room to organize, then I'd be getting paid. Under my modest tan skirt and loose-fitting blouse, I wore pink underwear, the same shade of pink as my most private regions. I'd love to show my pink to Mr. Thorne, I thought. If only I was allowed.

Why couldn't he see me, anyway?

The best reason I could come up with was that Mr. Thorne had a girlfriend, and the staff had been instructed not to let any women near him. I knew how it was with powerful, rich men, and any sweet little piece of ass that got near them.

Governors were always having it off with housekeepers and interns. That the news about a governor having a love child would even be news was laughable. I was sure it happened constantly. And why wouldn't it?

Say there's some young woman who wants a little stability in her life. Maybe she makes the powerful man happy. Very happy. Powerful men are confident and smart, which makes them sexy, even if they don't have a lush head full of hair. A hot, young, sexually available woman is exactly what a powerful man needs to make himself even more powerful in the board room. He can drive a hard bargain in the board room, then come home and drive an even harder bargain with his lover.

I could be Mr. Thorne's lover, I thought as I grabbed my purse from the passenger seat. I could help him feel powerful.

Sure, I'd never seen his face, but I'd seen his muscular bu**ocks and his sweet, gorgeous, hard-working equipment. He could drive a hard bargain into me, all night long. I could make him very happy. It could even be a professional arrangement. I'm a professional organizer, and I could ... organize his balls, for example, into my mouth.

I giggled at my little inside joke as I buzzed at the gate to be let into the side entrance.

Nobody answered the buzzer, and I was looking around for a step up, actually considering crawling over the fence-such was my attraction to the idea of Mr. Thorne-that when a man appeared on the other side of the gate, I shrieked with surprise.

He had tan skin and smoothly-shaved cheeks. He wore a hat to keep the morning sun out of his eyes ... eyes that were a shade of brown-green that made my thighs weak and my knees buckle.

"I buzzed," I said. (I know, I'm pretty quippy, right?)

"You have an appointment to see Mr. Thorne?" One eyebrow went up.

"To see Grace."

He opened the gate. "That explains everything."

"What do you mean?" I took a sidelong look at his body, which appeared lean and muscular under the simple white T-shirt and jeans. Gardeners could be really hot, and they smelled like earth. I wondered if this gardener was actually as attractive as he seemed, or if my mind had been altered by the idea of Mr. Thorne, and I was in some sort of permanent arousal state.

"Mr. Thorne talks to me about things," the man said.

"Really?"

He leaned in, looked both ways, and whispered to me. "He said he smelled pu**y on his shirt. He took it out of the laundry and had me smell it. He told me to find the woman who'd been touching his shirt."

I laughed to hide my discomfort. "Rich people are f**ked up."

He laughed heartily. "I'll say." He pointed to the door. "Go on up to the house. Grace is in the kitchen, and the buzzer in there isn't very loud." He gestured to his ear. "Ol' Grace's hearing isn't what it used to be."

I stepped away, then turned back. For an instant, I imagined jumping up on the strong-looking gardener and wrapping my legs around his waist. He could kiss my neck and hike up my skirt while he unfastened those jeans, which had a lovely bulge in them.

"Yes, Miss?"

"Does Mr. Thorne have ... a Mrs. Thorne? Or a girlfriend?"

The gardener chuckled. "You mean has he been tamed? The answer is no. He's all yours if you want him."

I felt my cheeks burn with embarrassment. Why did I have to be so obvious? Mr. Thorne was way out of my league. He was a billionaire, for crying out loud, and I was a college dropout from a small town. Guys like him dated supermodels and actresses. The gardener was more my speed.

I surveyed the man's package once more. Yes, the gardener was definitely my type. Oh, that mouth. Thick lips, the type you could suck on for days.

Before I embarrassed myself further, I thanked the gardener and ran up to the door.

Inside, I did find Grace in the kitchen, struggling to put stuffing into a turkey.

"Oh, good. You're here," she said.

"Why are you fisting that poor bird?"

Grace snapped at me, "Because she likes it that way. Mind your own damn business."

"Sorry, just making a little joke."

Grace's face softened. "Right. Jokes. I remember those." She sighed heavily.

"Did they move Thanksgiving up by a few months and nobody told me?"

Grace grabbed some more bread crumbs and jammed them into the bird's open orifice. "Mr. Thorne's been having unusual cravings."

I leaned on the kitchen island-the island that was bigger than my entire kitchen. "What do you mean, unusual cravings?"

"Mr. Thorne has his struggles, like the rest of us. Nothing that millions of people don't deal with every day."

I frowned at the turkey, wondering what it could be. Grace's lips tightened, so I knew she wouldn't be telling me.

"So, I'm done the walk-in closet and the office. What's the plan for day number three? Pantry?"

Grace grabbed a stalk of celery and crunched off a bite. After she finished chewing, she said, "I'd like you to do that feng shui thing in the bedroom."

"Really?" My pulse throbbed between my legs at the mention of the word bedroom.

She said, "I want you to do the exact opposite of what you usually do."

I studied her expression for clues, but found little to go on in her lightly-lined but still attractive face. She continued, "Your company makes rooms romantic and sexy, and I'd like you to do the opposite for Mr. Thorne's room. I don't care what you do. Move the bed, put it on a weird angle, put garlic in the light fixtures. I want that room two hundred percent less sexy."

"I can do that," I said nonchalantly. "All I need is an eight by ten photo of his mother."

Grace nearly choked on the celery she was chewing. "No. No. We need to reduce the sexuality, not kill him."

"I can do that," I said confidently.

She washed off her hands and brought me up to the bedroom.

The room was, as expected, adjoining the walk-in closet. The door to the closet was open, so I took a quick peek at my recent handiwork. Yes, everything was perfectly organized. A place for everything and everything in its place, as it should be.

A sensation pulled at me, below my belly. I also have a place for something, yes I do.

"I'll need some privacy," I told Grace. "The bedroom feng shui is more of an intuition thing."

She nodded.

Intuition? Actually, it's more of a bullshit thing, but people love to get the story. Oh, I've read the books about feng shui, studied the diagrams. Put a mirror on this, have some fluffy pillows on that. Ninety percent of it is just common sense. I mean, who puts a cactus next to the bed?

"You have four hours," she said. "Nobody will interrupt you. Mr. Thorne is off on business somewhere, and I'll be battling turkey and yams downstairs."

"I may need ..."

She pointed to a toolbox that was already in the room. "You should have everything here to move whichever artworks and mirrors you must. Please be careful with this one." She pointed to a painting that was thick with lush flowers, and strangely erotic, for a garden. "It's not a reproduction."

"I'll be careful, plus we're insured," I said.

"So are we, but this one has sentimental value for Mr. Thorne."

"Oh." I stared at the painting, wondering what it meant.

Grace backed out of the room and closed the door. The woman had the perfect name, because she really was the epitome of grace.

The bedroom, now, was another story.

The bedroom was the epitome of sex.

Not in a tacky way, like one of those Love Motels you see in foreign movies, rented by the hour to young couples not lucky enough to have even a compact car in which to get their freak on.

No, the bedroom was sexy in the way that only Egyptian Cotton with Infinity Thread Count can be. The duvet cover practically melted under my touch. I flopped on the bed and pressed my cheek against the pillow, careful not to contact the surface with my lips. I'd put on minimal makeup that morning, but I didn't want to mar the gorgeous linens with my pink lip gloss. It would be a crime!

I pulled one of the pillows between my knees and hugged another one. Breathing deeply, I ascertained that the linens had been changed that morning. I found no scent of a man, and, under the covers, none of those telltale hairs they leave behind.

I lay on my back and surveyed the sexy room.

Who was that girl on the bed?

Oh, it was me!

"Look at that, a mirror on the ceiling," I said as I waved up at myself. "Hey, Lexie. Is that your real name? Sounds like sexy. Come on, you just made that name up." I blew kisses up at myself. Damn, my face and body looked good from the ceiling down, with my dark hair fanned out around my head.

Obviously, the mirror over the bed had to go. Grace had left me a step ladder along with the tool box, but I didn't relish the idea of getting all sweaty, grunting to take down a mirror from the ceiling. The thing could be heavy, and it could even kill me! My untimely demise would certainly hamper my plans to spend that roll of money I was going to get as a bonus.

I could leave the mirror and just move the bed.

"Sounds like a plan," I said to myself, and I got started rearranging furniture. I slipped off my shoes and left them in the corner.

I'd done a lot of unusual jobs in my three and a half years (I'd say seven years only if I was trying to impress a new client) as a professional organizer. In the early days, I helped hoarders-which is a little like rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic, if you ask me, but ... to each their own! I always figure if they're not harming themselves or others, some people simply enjoy having and rearranging their stuff. The only problem was, they always seemed so disappointed at the end of a job, either because you made some progress, or because you didn't.

My boss, Suzanne, upped our rates about two years into the business, which weeded out a lot of the hoarders. We still got a few, but they were the richer ones, who had entire rooms for gift wrapping. My third-most unusual job was organizing a gift wrap room. It took an entire week. No lie.

My second-most unusual job was for a guy who videotaped everything. We came up with an organization system for his physical copies of recordings, and a digital backup as well. That may not sound too strange, but he videotaped the two of us working the entire two days. I imagined some future organizer filing away the recordings of me, filing away the recordings of the previous organizer.

Make a bedroom less sexy? That was definitely my most unusual job. Number one on the list.

Why did Grace hire me to do such a thing?

The gardener had said Mr. Thorne had no wife or girlfriend, so it wasn't at the request of a lover.

As I rearranged the reading chairs, two-seater sofa, and bed to be less cozy, I concocted a theory. Mr. Thorne was a business man, and single. On the phone the day before, he'd said he had just closed a billion-dollar deal. Therefore, he probably had a lot of business things on his mind, and didn't want any distractions in his life.

That must have been why he called a phone sex line, and seemed to be a regular. I could understand that. Why take a risk on dating someone and trying to seduce them, only to find out after all that time that you're not compatible? Something quick and simple like a phone sex line made sense.

I rolled up a red area rug and shoved it in a linen closet, then pushed the bed so that two sides were against the walls, which was a no-brainer. Immediately, the room was less sexy.

In feng shui, both sides of the bed should be easily accessible. You have to pity people in tiny apartments, who don't have the option. Even with mirrors in the right spots, candles, and live, soft plants, their sex lives will suffer. One person always feels trapped by the other, and not in the good way.

A little trapping and constriction can feel good, I thought as I held my wrists together behind my back and leaned over a round table I'd moved far away from the window.

I wiggled my butt and imagined one of those big, thick-fingered hands I'd seen on Mr. Thorne, smacking my bottom.

The thought gave me a tingle. The more I thought about the tickling, tingling sensation around my openings, the greater the sensation got. I arched my back, pushing my butt higher into the air. The tingling moved down, circling around my folds and nub, pulsating now with every heartbeat.

Again?

I'd just gotten off the day before. When I was a teen, I was a once-or-twice-a-day kinda gal, but until recently, I'd been working up an orgasm maybe every two days, going the occasional dry spell for a week.

The room could wait, I decided. And besides, I was nearly finished.

I dragged myself off table and draped my body across the two-seater sofa. My skirt slid up easily, and I threw one leg over the back of the sofa.

I gazed up at the ceiling, at the mirror. I'd moved the bed away from the mirror, yes, but now the sofa was directly underneath the reflective surface, and there was the girl, red-cheeked with sexual excitement and staring down at me.

I ran one finger down the front of my body, giving myself a shiver that I not only felt, but saw, in the mirror. No wonder men were so obsessed with mirrors and visuals! For a moment, I understood their perspective just a bit better.

My blouse practically unbuttoned itself, and I took a good look at my br**sts, cupped in the bright pink bra.

Had I locked the door?

Oh, who cares, I thought, running my hands over my pink panties. I could have slipped them off, revealing even more pink to the mirror above me, but I felt strangely shy, so I kept them on and stuck my hand inside, which felt naughtier anyway.

No sooner had I got my fingers where they wanted to go, as I realized I was being watched. Someone was at one of the windows.

He didn't know I saw him, because he didn't move away, but I closed my eyelids nearly all the way and turned my head slowly to get a better look.

It was the man in the hat, the sexy gardener who'd let me in. He must have been up on a ladder, perhaps using the excuse of cleaning leaves, or washing windows.

Let him watch, I thought, and the naughtiness of it all gave me a shiver that nearly sent me over the edge way sooner than I wanted.

So he stayed there, watching, and I arched my back and writhed around on the sofa, giving him the show of his life. He didn't move. Why wasn't he doing anything? He should have come to his senses and climbed back down, or something.

I rubbed harder with my fingers, but the area was going numb, because my mind was distracted.

I was annoyed. Who did he think he was? Standing out there on his ladder, getting a free show, and worst of all, not helping me in any way.

Nothing was happening in my downstairs zone, so I stopped and rolled onto my side with a sigh. Tomorrow was another day, and, besides, I still had work to do in the room, including moving a few of the paintings.

I stared at the garden painting, wondering what it might be worth.

Someone tapped on the window. Gently at first, then with more conviction.

The gardener. I'd almost forgotten about him. He waved when I looked over at him.

I stood, pulled my skirt down, and walked over to the window, my blouse still open.

The darn window had a complicated latch, and the gardener was pointing at the latch and laughing at me when I got the thing open.

"Thanks for nothing," I said to him. "Don't you know spying on someone like this is a crime?"

He looked down at his feet, on the ladder. "You going to sue me?"

"No, but I should have you fired." I should have been angry at him, but he had such a nice face, and those hungry eyes.

"Please don't have me fired," he said, a glint in his eye. "I'll do anything to make it up to you. Anything."

My pink zones lit up like Christmas tree ornaments. "Anything?"

"Anything," he said.

"Go trim some hedges," I said angrily, closing the window. "And stop peeping."

With the window shut, we stared at each other through the glass.

As he was watching, I ran both hands over my br**sts and torso. I was still wearing my unbuttoned blouse, and I let it drop to the floor, so he could see my pink bra and more of my skin.

He nodded at me to continue.

The sun behind him was bright, and his face was in shadows, but I could still sense the fire in his eyes.

I reached behind me and unlatched my lacy pink bra, letting it fall to the floor with my blouse. I had already slipped off my shoes earlier, when I was moving the furniture, and now the expensive creamy sisal carpet felt sensual under my bare soles.

My ni**les stood at attention, the bright pink raspberries pointing right at the gardener, reaching out for him.

In response, he shifted one hand slowly to arrange his package, beneath his jeans. Funny, his jeans looked like a designer pair, not the grubby type you'd expect to see on a gardener.

I'd had an idea about who he was, but it wasn't until I walked up to the window and pressed my body against the glass that my conscious mind became aware of what my subconscious, animal mind already knew.

I pointed and gestured for him to show me what was in his jeans, and he did. One thick-fingered hand unbuttoned and released his manhood. I knew that cock. I'd know it anywhere. It was the same one I'd hungered after the day before, while I was hiding under the desk, breathing my hot breath in its direction as I'd desperately rubbed myself into my palm.

He pressed it against the glass, and then pulled back again, looking sheepish.

"What?" I said.

He mouthed the words and I heard him, albeit faintly, through the pane that separated us, "That glass is hot," he said, grinning.

I licked my lips. "Want me to kiss it better?"

He made a pouty face and nodded.

I unlatched the window again.

"May I come in?" he said. A good portion of him was already inside the room, pointing at my upper body.

I grabbed him by his sturdy handle without even thinking about it, tugging at him tenderly. "Let me help you."

He groaned and closed his eyes, gripping the edge of the window frame with both hands. "That feels good."

I used my other hand to give his base and balls some feathery strokes as I tugged gently with the other hand. "I'll kiss it better if you wanna come inside."

He gripped the window frame tighter. "I shouldn't. I shouldn't enter the house. I'm not allowed."

"Really?" Were we still playing this little game, pretending that he was the gardener? I looked at his face, at his half-closed eyes and the pained, hungry expression on his mouth. "You're the gardener," I said, stressing the word gardener. "You're dirty, so maybe you should stay out there, on your ladder. If you come inside, you'll probably make a big mess all over Mr. Thorne's nice carpet."

At the mention of Mr. Thorne, his equipment throbbed in my hand.

"I promise I'll be good," he said.

"Maybe you should stay out there," I said. "Where you belong. Not in here, on Mr. Thorne's nice Egyptian Cotton sheets." He thrust his h*ps at me, his member pulsing back and forth in my hand, slick with the sweat from my excited palms. I paused for a moment and licked my hand, then returned it.

His hands were still gripping the window frame, his knuckles turning white. "This is dangerous," he said.

"I'll say." I paused my handwork and removed my skirt. I took two steps back and buried one hand inside my pink panties, the other one near my mouth, so I could suck my thumb. "Too bad you can't come into Mr. Thorne's nice bedroom."

He removed his hat and threw it far, into the room.

"Oops, I dropped my hat."

I slipped out of my panties and tossed them on the pristine bed.

"You'll have to come in and get it," I said.

He fixed me with his fiery gaze. "You won't tattle on me? You won't tell ... Grace?"

"I can keep a secret," I said. "Can you?"

He pulled back from the window for a moment, and I feared he'd changed his mind, but he was just securing the ladder. He stepped into the room, and then, there he was.

We were in the same room together, and I was completely, utterly naked.

Nobody but Grace and Suzanne even knew I was there.

The man was taller than I'd thought. Even though I'd seen his clothes-assuming the man before me was indeed Mr. Thorne-he was so much bigger-than-life in person. I guessed that was what it took to be a billionaire. Or maybe the billions were what made you so big, so present.

Half of my mind believed he was the gardener, though. And I wanted him. Gardener or billionaire, I wanted him to take me for his own.

He crossed the room slowly and retrieved the hat.

I walked toward him, then changed direction, moving over to the bed.

He glanced up at the ceiling, at the mirror, and pointed to the sofa, which was now positioned under the mirror.

I moved over to the sofa and leaned back, presenting him with my pu**y.

Remembering what he'd said on the phone sex line the day before, I said, "I'm spreading my legs for you. I'm begging you for your tip. Please, can I have it? I need it."

He raised his eyebrows and coughed in surprise.

Honestly, I was probably more surprised than he was. I'd had boyfriends try to get me to talk dirty to them, but I always got embarrassed. It seemed silly with those boys. But there, under that mirror, the words just flowed from my mouth. My folds were slick with desire for him, and when I went on, whimpering with begging sounds, I meant it. I completely, utterly meant every whimper.

The furniture I lay back on was a bit short for such purposes, but I didn't care about comfort. I just wanted him inside me, pumping me. I would have taken his manhood in the back seat of a Volkswagen Beetle. I would have taken it in a phone booth. After the build-up over the previous two days, first hearing him from inside the closet, and then seeing him but being unable to touch him, in his office, I desperately needed satisfaction. And I needed it from him.

He pulled off his thin T-shirt, revealing a body way more toned than you'd expect on a business man. He must have taken conference calls on the treadmill, I figured. Or maybe he had a personal trainer. I hope it's not a woman, I thought jealously.

He dropped the pants, kicked off his shoes, and removed his socks.

He didn't climb on top of me on the sofa, like I was aching for him to, but he walked over and sat on his knees on the plush carpet next to me, leaning in for a kiss.

Of course! We were both completely naked, ready to be intimate, and yet, we hadn't even kissed yet.

I reached out for him with my arms and pulled him to me as we kissed, deeply. His lips sucked at my lips, and his tongue caressed me without intruding. I imagined that strong tongue on other parts and shuddered in anticipation.

My cl*t was on fire with ecstasy, sparks shooting out everywhere from my mound, and I realized it was because his hand was there, stroking me. Softly, gently, and then with more urgency, thick fingers exploring and plunging in and out of me. Circling, maddeningly.

I cried out in pleasure, into his mouth, with his lips still encompassing mine.

His hand kept moving over my mound, back and forth through my soft, pink folds. I pulled my head back, interrupting his kiss, and also pushed his hand away from my crotch.

"Careful," I said, breathlessly. "I'm about to go off, and I want you inside me when I do."

"Are you sure?" he asked. "Because once I start, I don't stop."

I didn't know what he meant by that, but I nodded my head and whimpered.

He glanced up at the mirror, then he forcefully shoved the small sofa, with me on it, three feet back.

He stretched out on the carpet, on his back, and stared up at the mirror, then over at me.

"Climb on board," he said.

I looked at the bed in the corner.

"I'll give you rug burn," I said, but even as I protested, I was making my way over to him.

I straddled his chest and gave him another kiss, mouth to mouth, as my other moist parts kissed his chest and his abs, moving down as I lowered my h*ps toward his.

He thrust his tongue deep into my mouth just as he grabbed my bu**ocks forcefully and pulled me down on his firm, eager shaft.

I cried out in ecstasy and nearly cl**axed immediately, but I tightened my abdominal muscles to pause myself, and stiffened my legs to slow my movement.

My pause didn't last long, though, because his hands were firmly on me, and he was grinding me against his pelvic bone while moving me up and down on his equipment.

His sex was thick and filling, and I bore down harder against him, wanting more, more, burying it to the hilt and further.

Getting off this way, from strictly penetration, was not my usual way, but it was possible, if the man was big enough, and hard enough. Oh, and if he had strong arms that rocked me up and down with nearly no effort on my part.

My back broke out in a sweat.

I closed my eyes and enjoyed being worked like a machine in a factory, that throbbing member moving in and out of my slick mound like the world's greatest invention-the f**k machine.

The f**k machine, I thought.

I didn't even know his first name, but that's what he was.

His breathing changed and his movements became less controlled, more frantic.

I looked up to his face, to those hungry eyes, and saw his gaze was on the mirror above us.

I turned my head and glanced up to see what he saw.

My back, glistening with sweat and sparkling like diamonds.

My bu**ocks, pulsing with every thrust as I met his movements.

He cried out and closed his eyes, bucking underneath me.

His orgasm went on and on, and mine matched his, both of us writhing and moaning in unison.

I came and I came and I came some more.

Finally, as the last aftershocks pulsed out in calming waves, I fell against him, my damp chest on his, my damp hair on his face.

I slid my face down alongside his and gently nibbled his earlobe.

His manhood inside me pulsed with one last tremor, and then he sighed.

When the earth stopped moving, I rolled off him and fell to my side.

He moved his arm so that his bicep was my pillow.

He said, "What's your name?"

I considered lying to him, but instead, I said, "Alexis. But everyone calls me Lexie."

"Lexie," he said, nodding.

"And your name is ... ?"

He reached out to shake my hand. "You can call me Lou. Short for Luthor."

"Lou," I said. "I like that, Lou."

He shook my face from his arm and got up, looking around nervously. "I'd best get out of here before I get caught on Mr. Thorne's carpet, with Mr. Thorne's assistant."

I reached for his hand, to pull him back to me. "Oh, come on, Lou. Enough with the games."

He gave me a skeptical look. "What games? You needed help with something, and my job is to fix what needs fixing around the house. I'm just doing my job, ma'am."

"So, you're not Mr. Thorne?" I was so confused. "Wait, you are. Stop messing with my head. You certainly don't have a tan line around your neck from working outdoors." I grabbed onto his hand. "And look. A manicure. Gardeners don't have manicures."

He gave me a sly look. "I wasn't always a gardener."

I scrambled to sit up and gave him a hard look. "Get out," I said.

He chuckled. "Boy, you get your needs filled, and you're not interested in small talk at all, are you?"

"You're a peeping pervert, and you just took advantage of an innocent young woman." I scowled at him and grabbed for my clothes. Whether he was Mr. Thorne or not, he was toying with me, and I didn't like it one bit.

"Lexie, don't be a spoilsport," he said as he pulled on the jeans. I realized I'd not seen any jeans like those in the walk-in closet.

I said, "I'm just another conquest to you, aren't I? Just another big stakes business deal. Only I'm not a business deal. I have feelings and emotions, you know. I'm a person."

He raised his eyebrows and took a step back, both hands in the air.

"I get it, I get it," he said. "Oh, but I just remembered something." He pointed to his penis, which was already hardening again, resisting his efforts to do up his jeans. "You said you'd kiss it better."

I crossed my arms. I could definitely go for round two, and getting angry at him had only worked up my passion.

"Not until you tell me who you really are," I said.

He reached for my shoulder, but I pulled away. He said, "I think you know who I am, Lexie."

"Luthor Thorne," I said. The name did seem familiar. It had been one of the names I'd been able to find on the computer two nights before.

He took a little bow as he fastened his jeans over his bulge. "At your service. Grace has tried to keep women like you away from me, but I think we both outwitted her."

"Now what?"

"Perhaps a shower," he said, nodding at the door that led to the attached bathroom with the enormous walk-in shower and steam nozzles.

"And then what?"

"I have a few ideas. You're some sort of consultant, right?"

"I'm a certified professional organizer." It felt very odd to say this while standing na**d in front of a man, my legs clutched together to keep his juices from getting on the luxurious sisal carpet.

"I could use another professional on my staff," he said.

"As an organizer?"

"Something like that," he said.

THE END OF STORY 1

