1: Out of the Sea

The Yellowstripe Basslet, a cheery pink and yellow fish, darted in front of me as I tried to hold on to my consciousness.

I had to keep breathing normally through the scuba diving regulator and not panic. That meant not looking down at my leg to see why it was bleeding. I swam to Suzanne and tapped her on the shoulder. Bubbles plumed up. She took the longest time to turn around, and before she did, I felt hands on me.

Luthor. He was there.

Everyone was wildly waving around, trying to communicate, and my head was reeling. I felt like I might throw up, which I knew could kill me. I'd choke to death, under the sea.

Luthor grabbed my shoulders and brought his face close to mine. He gazed into my eyes, and I found strength in him.

We all swam up together.

The surface, above the water, was chaotic. People were yelling. Suzanne was crying, and Simon was a wreck.

We got on board the boat, and they got my scuba suit peeled off. I had an ugly gash on my leg, near the shin, from the stingray.

Despite my injury, I had to pat Suzanne's hand on the boat ride back to the resort. Lucky for me, Luthor Thorne was a rock. He didn't say much, and I could see the tension in his jaw when he thought I wasn't looking, but he put his arm around me and told me I would be fine. I believed him.

"You'll be back diving in no time," he said.

I avoided looking at my leg, and looked at him instead. The nausea that had first hit me underwater came back with a vengeance. I turned and threw up over the side of the boat, into the churning water. As I was throwing up, tears ran down my cheeks, my nose was running, and I was a revolting mess.

Luthor got out his clean shirt and mopped off my face once I was done heaving.

One of the men on board the boat tried to reassure me, saying, "The nausea is a side effect of the stingray's poison. Try to stay calm. The faster your heart beats, the more quickly the poison spreads."

Him telling me this only made my heart beat faster, of course. I turned and threw up again, even though it was just dry heaves.

Stingrays don't normally attack people. The one who got me must have been startled when I stepped on him, and stung out of reflex alone. They're flat as pancakes and rest at the bottom of the sea, where they blend in perfectly. As I tried to stay calm and not throw up on Luthor, the helpful man on the boat advised me to slide my feet along the sand if I were to go wading in at the shoreline. At that point, I didn't want to get in any water ever again, let alone the ocean.

We got back to the resort, and I was treated there by a woman doctor who was staying at the resort.

She treated me in the kitchen, for better access to boiling water.

Luthor hovered around, as nervous as Suzanne and Simon. I tried to send them all away, but they wouldn't leave my side.

Luthor offered to fly another doctor in, but the woman assured him she had it under control. She squeezed my ankle and examined the injury.

I gasped and saw white light, and stars, too. "I'll have that mojito now," I joked.

The woman, an Australian doctor, shook her head. "No mojito tonight. But I have good news. It doesn't look like the stinger embedded. You could still have an ultrasound to be certain, but the wound looks clean. You got lucky. Didn't nick an artery or anything precious."

Glancing down at the gash, I said, "My shin is precious to me."

She flashed a large silver needle and applied topical freezing to the area, then quickly stitched the wound.

The treatment for the stingray venom, strangely enough, is hot water. We soaked my lower leg in a bucket full of water as hot as I could stand it. Apparently, the heat denatures the venom.

Me and my little party were shifted over to near the dish washing station, and before too long, the kitchen got busy with preparations for dinner.

The doctor finished the stitches, packed up her kit, and patted me on the knee. "I think you'll live," she said, offering her first smile of the day. She also took a long, appreciative look over at Luthor, with no shirt on, and licked her lips. "Take it easy tonight," she said to me as she left.

Simon and Suzanne were satisfied I wasn't about to die, and went off to change and get ready for dinner.

Luthor sat beside me, checking messages and email on his phone. He looked up at me once we were alone and said, "I can turn this off. Just say the word."

"No, no." My voice sounded funny coming out of my head. The painkillers were kicking in, and I had a floating feeling, offset by the flat feeling of shock. "You didn't come to Indonesia to sit in a kitchen. You can check your email. Hey, is there any email for me?"

He gave me an amused look. "Nope, just for me."

"Good," I said, waving a hand to show how laid-back I was. "Because I am not in the mood for business. Suzanne always sends me ten emails a day. Did you know that?"

He smirked. "I did not."

I slapped my hand over my mouth, then whispered. "I feel weird."

"We should get you over to the villa, to rest."

I pulled my foot out of the hot water bath. "The soup is done."

Luthor got me to my feet, and the kitchen staff came over with a basket of food for us to take back to the villa, as I'd be missing dinner.

That evening, our last scheduled night at the resort in Indonesia, I was a little loopy from the painkillers, not to mention the white wine I'd insisted I could have from the mini fridge.

We'd enjoyed a lovely picnic in our room, just the two of us.

My brain was mush. I had words in my head, and I'd say them, but they'd come out all wrong.

For example, I wanted to express how lovely the private pool outside our villa seemed in the moonlight. Instead, I said, "Me pool."

Luthor shook his head and said, grinning, "You're not a pool, Lexie."

We were seated on the little sofa in the room, me still in my two-piece swimsuit, and so relaxed and drugged-up that I wasn't sucking in my tummy or keeping my posture perfect for Luthor. He was equally relaxed, and shirtless, yet even slouched he looked delicious.

I reached over and squeezed the area around his navel. "Why do you have no body fat? Do rich people have some cream I don't know about?"

He grabbed my hands, encouraging them up and over his chest, then around his neck so he could kiss me.

"I can't feel my lips," I said.

He reached up and gently touched my lips with his fingers. "I can feel them just fine."

I touched his lips with my fingers as well. He hadn't shaved that day and his upper lip was pleasantly stubbly, in contrast to his soft lips. He kissed my fingers, his hazel eyes gazing into mine, as hungry as ever. There was a hollowness to his cheeks that gave him a look of always wanting. It made me yearn to satisfy his every need.

He pulled my hand away and kissed my lips, pulling me into him. As I shifted, one foot brushed up against the bandaged injury on my shin and I tensed from the pain, though it was a dull pain thanks to the pills and wine.

Luthor pulled back and gave me a worried look. "I don't want to hurt you."

"Me neither."

We stared at each other for a moment, and then he got up, saying, "Let's move you to the bed."

"Okay."

With my arm over his shoulders, I hopped over to the bed. I could walk on the injured leg, as nothing was actually broken, but it didn't feel good because of the swelling. He picked me up and set me on the bed, then took one of the pillows and propped up my bandaged leg.

I thought he was going to lie down next to me, to continue the kissing we'd started, but he held back, standing there.

"I'm sorry," I said, and the next thing I knew, I was crying. The injury, the scare, the emotions, the stitches, the wine, and Luthor Thorne-it was all too much.

He sat down next to me on the bed and looked really uncomfortable. "Don't be sorry, Lexie. You didn't do anything wrong."

Sniffing, I said, "I ruined your vacation."

He patted my hand. "No, you didn't. The worst I can say is that ..." He looked away.

"What?"

He turned back and gave me a reassuring smile. "You scared me down there. That's all. Simon and I were swimming over to meet up with you girls, and I saw the whole thing happen. The sand was calm, and then the stingray was flashing past us. I should apologize to you. I should have been your diving buddy. I would have looked out for you."

"It was an accident." My head was foggy. "Just an accident."

"Yes, of course. I didn't mean anything bad by Suzanne. She didn't do anything wrong. It's just that ..." He picked up my hand and stroked my fingers. "I wouldn't have turned my back on you for even a second. I wouldn't have taken my eyes off you."

I closed my eyes and shook my head, a big goofy grin on my face. "You are just trying to get me into bed."

"You are in bed."

I looked around at the nubby cotton sheets. "I am! Then you're trying to get my clothes off."

He let go of my hand and turned to adjust the pillow under my leg. "It's been a long day. I'll sleep on the sofa. You get some rest."

"Don't go."

He got up from the edge of the bed.

"Don't go," I repeated.

He circled around the bed and came to lie next to me, still wearing his shorts. He rested, up on one elbow, and stroked my cheek. "There, you stopped crying already. Feel better?"

I surprised myself with the next thing I said, which was, "I miss my mother."

He took it in stride, saying, "We're a long way from home. Perfectly natural to miss your family."

"What about ... your parents? I don't know them."

He threw an arm over me and snuggled in next to me.

He said, "I do miss my parents when I haven't seen them in a while. Then we get together, and within about five hours or so, I remember why I moved out. Don't get me wrong, they're great people, but they can be a little intense."

"No!" I said in mock seriousness. And then, since I was so relaxed on the medication, I asked him, "Were you guys always rich? I should have googled you or something. I feel embarrassed now." I hid my face in my hands. "I'm sorry. That was rude."

"Lexie, it's not like I murdered a bunch of people. We can talk about my situation, as long as it doesn't make you uncomfortable."

"Oh."

"I did grow up with a lot of money, though, and all the problems that come with that. I'm not asking you to feel sorry for me, the poor little rich boy, but my life has had its ups and downs. I had a brother who died of childhood leukemia."

"I'm so sorry. That's so sad."

"There are some things that even all the money in the world can't fix. I was eight when Jason died. Things were hard for a while, and then things got better. It's been thirty years since he first got sick, and nothing worse has happened since then. So, I guess I've been lucky."

"Me too. My parents split up, but that wasn't even too bad."

"Until you got stung by a stingray."

I glanced down at my bandaged leg. "You know, for a few minutes, I forgot all about that."

"So that answers my next question."

"What question?"

"Are you feeling well enough to give me a kiss?"

I reached out and pulled him toward me while rolling onto my side. My leg was throbbing, but Luthor's hot skin under my hands and his mouth on mine took my mind off my injured leg.

He moved oh-so-slowly, sucking on my lips and then parting my lips with his tongue. He kissed me, with his tongue darting in my mouth, then moving back out so he could suck on my lower lip. I pushed forward to be closer. Both of us were still on our sides, our fronts touching. He reached around my back and untied my bikini top, then pulled it away from me.

He kept kissing me as he ran his hands over my br**sts, squeezing the ni**les until they were firm like raspberries between his fingers.

I ran my hand down his back and under the waistband of his swimming shorts. Compared to his chest, the surface of his bu**ocks were cool. As I squeezed them, he groaned and pushed his h*ps at me, his erection against the bone of my hip.

Slowly, I moved my hand from his bu**ocks and over his hip, until I found his lovely equipment at the front and wrapped my hand around that firm shaft. He tenderly bit my lip and pushed into my hand. I pumped him with my fist, enjoying the heat of him and his eagerness.

He pushed me onto my back and then squirmed around to take off his swimming shorts. He chucked them off the bed, and they landed over a lamp.

He murmured, "Once I start, I don't stop, so I have to ask, is your foot okay?"

"Yeah." My hand was still wrapped around his cock, the tip of it glistening in the soft lamp light of the villa. "Come here," I said, tugging on him. "Once I start, I don't stop either. C'mere and put your gorgeous c**k in my mouth."

He raised his eyebrows and his mouth dropped open, like he was going to protest, but I tugged him by hand and licked my lips at the same time, and he just nodded and shifted himself up. Oh, that smooth tan skin of his was so delicious, it made my mouth water. He made everything water.

I grabbed the extra pillows to prop up my head, and then guided him into my mouth, so he was straddling my upper chest. My arms wrapped around him with one arm over his legs at the front, where my hand could stay to help my mouth, and one arm wrapped up behind, stroking his lower back and bu**ocks.

I licked around the head, my lips making noisy smacking sounds. With the hand on his bu**ocks, I guided him up the bed, closer to me, so I could get more of him into my mouth.

He glanced around, saying, "How is it that I'm on top, and yet I feel like I have no control at all."

"Mm," I said, and that answered his question enough for him to stop talking.

He pressed one hand against the wall above my head and gripped the edge of the headboard with his other hand.

With my head propped up, and my leg, and some of his weight upon me, I felt absolutely comfortable. His beautiful cock, which I'd always been a fan of since the first time I saw it, fit perfectly in my mouth. The relaxing effects of the wine took all the sharpness out of the world, and I was completely in the moment, not thinking about the future, but just enjoying the c**k in my mouth and the man above me, his face contorted by pleasure.

I lost myself in the enjoyment of giving him head, and I didn't realize how close he'd gotten to orgasm until he quickly pulled out from my mouth. We made eye contact for a few seconds, neither saying a word, and then he peeled down my bikini bottoms and carefully removed them, mindful of my bandaged foot.

He straddled my legs, with his knees on the outsides of mine, and guided his c**k between my legs. My pu**y folds were slick and ready for him. He pushed his c**k down between my legs and in. He lay on top of me, though with his legs still outside mine. As he pushed in and out, I could feel his shaft and sac on my inner thighs, hugging him, like an extension of my pu**y. His c**k was rubbing against me in a new way, and I liked it. I squirmed, my natural instinct being to wrap my legs around his back, opening myself up to him, but he kept me pinned in place.

He kept up his shallow movements, his weight on his elbows on knees, so he was light above me, but still keeping my lower body pinned. We kissed, as we had before, with him languorously kissing and sucking on my lips while steadily pumping in and out of me.

The pleasure grew in small sparks, like a stubborn campfire that won't catch. Everything moved slowly, thanks to my muzzy mind. His c**k seemed to drive ever deeper and deeper, even though he was still shallow, thrusting between my legs. I was on the edge of orgasm when I managed to sneak one leg out from between his. I shifted my lower body, wrapping the leg around him, and he finally drove himself deep into me.

I cried out, loud, and realized I'd been moaning and panting for some time. He sucked on my neck as he moved deeper into me, and I felt him let go.

My bliss rose up and crashed over me like a wave. I clenched my arms around his back, pulling him tight against me, our bodies hot and wet.

He turned his face down as he came, letting out a low noise like a growl.

His hands moved around, underneath me, gripping my bu**ocks as he thrust into me and then became still.

I put my hands on the sides of his head and pulled his face up for a kiss. With his eyes shut tightly, he kissed me and smiled. His eyes opened and his eyebrows went up.

He said, "How's your foot?"

"What foot?" I said, and we both chuckled.

He pulled away from me. Cool air hit my glistening chest and stomach.

Breathing audibly, he lay next to me, one hand still under my buttock. He gave me a little squeeze and said, "How do you like Indonesia?"

Thoughts raced through my head suddenly. Indonesia. It was our last night there, and I'd be returning home the next day. Home. Back to my real life.

I pushed the thoughts away.

"It's perfect," I said. "I don't want to fall asleep. Give me a few minutes to rest, and we can go outside and look at the stars."

"The stars?"

"Yeah. I want to see the stars." I shivered, the fan-driven breeze drying the cooling sweat on my stomach.

"I'll show you the stars," he said, and he pulled up the light coverlet for the bed, covering me. The blanket felt so good.

"The stars ..." I had every intention of getting out of that bed, but I was so comfortable, and I drifted off to sleep.

I slept straight through the night, and in the morning, my leg felt almost normal. I reached for Luthor in the bed next to me, but found only pillows.

I sat up and noted that his things were gone from the room. With the realization he'd left, I felt both sad and relieved. It was over.

He hadn't ditched me; I'd known he was leaving before us, and we'd discussed it the night before, but I'd forgotten. He was off to somewhere in Europe, Denmark, if memory served, and I'd leave Indonesia the same way I'd arrived-with Suzanne and Simon.

Breakfast was sombre.

Simon kept talking about the fruit juice, about how he'd miss it when we got back home. "You can get it from frozen concentrate, but it's not the same," he said.

Suzanne pulled her croissant apart and rubbed the spots on her shoulders where she'd gotten sunburned.

Simon poured another glass of juice from the pitcher. "Maybe we could buy a juicer."

I snapped. "Shut up about the juice already. Who cares! It's just juice."

He said, "Excuse me for trying to enjoy the avails of your work."

Suzanne gave him a sharp look, and thanks to that look, I knew she'd blabbed.

Anger flashed through me. "Suzanne, you told him? You told him everything?" I slunk down in my chair. "Great, now all my friends know I'm a whore."

He stammered, then said, "I haven't told anyone else."

"Nice."

The server came to refill our coffee cups, and we all glared at each other silently.

After a moment, Suzanne said, "This reminds me of every vacation I've been on, ever. On the final day, all hell breaks loose. So ... we're right on track, I'd say." She tipped her head to the side and gave me a sad, sympathetic look. "I didn't tell Simon anything, but he's a smart guy, and he figured it out on his own. I may omit details sometimes, but we don't lie to each other. We have a policy of absolute honesty. It's the only way to build trust."

Simon gave me a sheepish smile. "Don't be angry with my wife. It's all my fault. I was being nosy. You know, I do work for a lot of guys like Luthor. I could probably give you some insight into his psyche, if you're interested."

I glanced down at my crossed arms and rigid posture. Who was I kidding? I wasn't angry at my friends. They'd done nothing wrong. I uncrossed my arms and shook them out.

"Simon, I'm fine. And I don't need insight. We had our fun, and now it's over. Luthor and I are from different worlds. We don't match up."

"I wouldn't be so sure of that," he said, his eyes twinkling.

Suzanne tried to suppress a smile, probably thinking about what she'd seen in their pool, about us matching up just fine, physically.

I said, "Sex is not a relationship."

Simon stirred the cream and sugar into his coffee. "With or without money, people still have their issues. In fact, rich guys like Luthor are often starved for affection. They grow up with paid caregivers, like nannies and whatnot, and their parents are too busy building an empire or enjoying their lifestyle to give them the attention they crave."

"He had a brother who died when he was young."

Simon took a deep breath. "He's a decent guy, but I'm not surprised to hear that. He seems kind of ..."

He glanced over to his wife.

"Vulnerable," Suzanne said.

I started to laugh. "Vulnerable? Please!" I kept laughing, until the idea sunk in.

When I was growing up, my mother and I didn't have a lot of money, which had seemed like a hardship at the time. When Halloween came around, the other kids at school got purchased costumes, whereas I'd wear some strange get-up my mother and I had fashioned from old clothes and props purchased at a thrift store. We had so much fun picking things out. One year, we found an old wedding dress, covered in tacky lace, and dyed it black in the bath tub for a witch costume. The different fabrics hadn't taken all the dye, and parts of the dress were purple, but it had been gorgeous, the envy of all the other girls.

I got a flash in my mind of Luthor, as a little boy. That hungry look in his eyes.

"This vacation," I said. "We're the ones taking advantage of him."

Simon pulled back from the table, eyebrows raised. "I wouldn't go that far."

"This was fun," Suzanne said. "It was a one-time thing, and we all had a nice time. I saw Luthor on his way out this morning, and he gave me a big hug and said he'd had a great time."

"Really?" My eyes hurt, like I might start crying. "Did he seem happy?"

"Very," she said, nodding.

Simon gave me a broad smile. "We have all the time in the world to work things out, once we're back home. Everything seems surreal when you're in a different time zone. You can talk some more on your next date, when you see each other at home."

"I'm not seeing him anymore. If I do see Luthor Thorne again, it'll be to break up with him." I poked at the fruit on my plate. "Or to resign from my position as paid consort."

"Don't call yourself that," Suzanne said. "It isn't true. He told me you refused to take any money from him. Yes, he paid for the vacation, but that's it, and that was a gift. I don't want to hear you say any of those words about yourself."

She reached across the table and grabbed my hand. I gasped at the shock of being touched. Her hand on mine brought me out of my head and back into the world. Emotion rose up in me, and I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so I did both.

The flight back home went as expected.

Those crazy lovebirds Suzanne and Simon were at it on the plane again. They started off kissing and flirting in their seats, being anything but subtle with their shared blanket. I gave them a dirty look, and they excused themselves to the bathroom.

They weren't in there very long this time, so I guess they were getting the hang of it.

When they came back out, I said, "The Mile High club is for sexy strangers who meet up on the plane. Not for married people who are going to be sharing a bed tonight and every night for the rest of their lives."

"We are strangers," Simon told me.

Suzanne tossed back her hair as she settled into the seat across the aisle from me. "I'm a famous Hollywood actress who's going through a messy divorce."

"And who are you?" I asked Simon.

"Uh ... isn't it obvious? I'm a rock star." He pushed up his glasses on his nose.

The air hostess came by and handed Simon his cell phone. "You two left this in the bathroom when you were in there together."

Simon blinked up at her. "My wife was feeling unwell."

The woman said, "I hope she's feeling better now."

Suzanne blushed, turning redder than I'd ever seen her before. "Much better," she said.

After the air hostess left, I said, "You guys are going to get us all put on a special list. A naughty list."

Simon sat up straight and proud in his seat. "Lexie, honey. You only live once."

2: Return to Jacob

Back home, I got nervous about making a date with Jacob. I hadn't replied to his email, but I'd re-read it so many times, I had it memorized.

The last bit gave me chills:

Oh, Lexie, I've been such an idiot. Of course I want more from you than what we have. Where are you? We need to talk.

I've never been a big fan of that phrase. "We need to talk." Why did people have to talk so much? Couldn't they just take off all their clothes and show each other how they felt? Wouldn't that be so much more fun and less stressful?

I gave myself a little time to recover from the trip and get my head back on local time, and I made a date with Jacob for Friday night. Now, when I say I made a date with him, I mean I sent him a chickenshit text message saying: Friday at seven? Wanna come over?

He immediately phoned me instead of texting. I did not pick up the call. He didn't leave voicemail, but called a few more times. Finally, I got a text message saying: Sure. We'll go out. I'll pick you up.

I'd made dates and hookup plans with Jacob probably fifty times in the past, if not a hundred, but I was feeling as nervous as a virginal high schooler. Did he like me? Did me like-me-like-me? What would I wear? What did it mean? Were we going to go steady?

The only thing that calmed me down was relaxation time in the tub with some of my favorite toys. Unfortunately, as soon as I closed my eyes, I thought of things I shouldn't. Like Luthor Thorne, and those hungry eyes of his. Luthor, his flesh so hot against mine in the cool swimming pool under the moon in Indonesia. That cute way he had of getting straight up out of bed without any lazy snoozing. Rubbing my back when I threw up over the side of the boat after getting hurt by the stingray.

The wound on my leg was healing nicely. I squinted to imagine the scar that would remain. It would be a cute scar, just a little one. A life well-lived was going to leave a few marks here and there.

I settled into the hot bath and rubbed my whiskerbiscuit. The touch of a man is incredible, but there's something comforting about taking care of yourself. I held my free hand to my mouth and thought of kissing Luthor on his soft, full lips, and of roving down his body, taking his c**k in my hand and mouth.

We had fit so well together, like old friends. Friends. We could be friends.

Starting Friday, I was going to try a "normal" relationship with a regular, non-billionaire person, Jacob. I could still be friends with Luthor Thorne. I just needed a few days to get him out of my mind, off my skin.

I remembered how desperate he'd been for me in the shower, thrusting and slapping his wet body against mine, how I'd gripped the handles so tightly my knuckles had turned white. In my mind, I saw him as the man I knew, yet he was also the younger version of himself I'd imagined, the one who never got enough, whose hunger for affection could never be sated.

In the shower and in the bed, he'd come so deep inside me, panting, gripping me tight in his arms, as though I might try to get away. Why would I? Why had I?

I tipped my head back against the cool rim of the tub. I needed to come, so I could at least have those ten minutes post-climax where I was impervious to men. I'd be able to think straight, to do or say anything.

Thinking of Luthor, I drove my fingers into my flesh.

My orgasm shocked through me like lightning. Absolute pleasure. Heart pounding. Clarity.

Suzanne had me out on an organizing job all day Friday, and this time I had a brand-new assistant to help me.

Suzanne and I hadn't started out as partners. It was more like my business in the beginning, and she started by helping with the bookkeeping. After a few months, she ran the numbers and insisted she take over the phone number and the booking system I'd been running through a mini-office service. She lowered my overhead, and then she took things a step further and started acting as a salesperson, going to social networking functions with business cards, and actually selling my time. She provided a valuable service, since I had zero interest in schmoozing. She very much deserved her commission, but it was getting to the point where her commissions were limited during the busy times, because I only had two hands and could do but one job at a time.

We'd always talked about hiring more staff so that she and I could grow the business without limitations, and this new assistant was just the first step.

The kid-she was twenty-three, not much younger than me, but she still seemed like a kid-was eager, but she nearly wore me out with her enthusiasm. I was considering firing her when I realized we'd finished the job two hours early. It had only felt longer because of all her annoying questions.

I could certainly field a few questions if it meant finishing two hours early!

Back home, I showered and got changed for my date with Jacob. As far as I saw it, our next step would be to do what we'd been doing, perhaps with more frequency, and to stop doing it with other people. That seemed both reasonable and enjoyable to me, but as the minutes ticked by leading up to seven o'clock, I re-read his email and started to sweat.

When a guy says he "wants more," what the heck does that mean? Since when did guys want more?

My phone rang at exactly seven.

"Hello?"

"I'm down in front," he said.

"Why don't you park and come up for a minute?"

I detected a hint of irritation in his voice as he said, "Are you not ready?"

I didn't have an answer. I was ready, but I wanted to see him on my turf, in my condo. "Just come up for a minute."

"Already parking."

Five minutes later, I opened the door before he could knock.

His forehead furrowed. "You have a tan."

I grabbed his arm and pulled him in. "I'll have to tan a lot more before we can match." I arched up to kiss him hello. He moved his head at the last second, and my kiss landed on his jaw.

He was clean-shaven, and his face was smooth and smelled delicious, as always. I reached up and stroked his curly, black hair. We shifted around and he kissed me, landing on the lips this time.

I sensed a hesitation, a holding back, which made me want him, so bad.

My hands scrambled down his front, where they latched onto his belt buckle, working it quickly.

"Mm," he said into my mouth.

I pulled back and gazed up at his dark brown eyes. "I want you so bad."

His eyes crinkled with a smile. "No time. Come on, let's go."

I pouted and snaked one hand down the front of his jeans. "I thought you missed me."

He gasped as I latched onto his semi-firm cock. "I did, Lexie."

I squeezed the shaft and kissed him hard, thrusting my tongue into his mouth. "Show me."

He groaned and glanced over at the door, now shut.

"Show me," I demanded.

He grabbed me roughly and picked me up. I squealed and wrapped my legs around him as he carried me to the bedroom.

"I need you to f**k me," I said.

"Shush."

I pulled off my jeans and panties at the same time and lay back on the bed, pulling my knees out to the sides and against myself.

Keeping his gaze on my face, he finished unfastening his pants and dropped them. He unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it over the chair in the corner.

His c**k was three-quarters rigid, and my eyes widened. For an instant, the high-school-virgin part of my brain feared he might be too big for me, and the fear coursed through me along with the pleasurable sexual excitement. Fear and pleasure at once.

He eased up onto the bed slowly, moving like a lion.

"Spank me," I said.

"Why?" He seemed genuinely confused by my request.

I whimpered and rolled over. "Because I want you to."

After a moment of hesitation, he slapped my butt cheek, not very hard, but enough to sting.

I cried out in pleasure and hugged the pillow beneath my chest.

Spank me because I've been with another man, I thought.

He slapped me again, a little harder, and I cried out louder.

Spank me because I'm bad, I thought. Because I don't know what I want, and I'm not normal.

Jacob started talking, saying dirty things about pounding my pu**y, but my thoughts drowned him out.

He kept spanking me, and I thought maybe I'd ruined the mood, that there'd be no sex after all this, but then I felt his other hand nudging through my labia. He spanked me again, the slap ringing through the room as he pushed his finger through the wetness and over my red-hot clit, burning like an ember for his touch.

He spanked me some more, and fingered me at the same time. I was in ecstasy, and the thoughts in my head kept jumbling around.

I'm bad. I'm dirty. I don't deserve the love and respect of a good man like Jacob.

He stopped for a moment, and I heard the crinkling of a condom packet being torn open.

He grabbed my h*ps and I felt something nudge against my pu**y. He pushed in, moving easily in my very wet pu**y. But I was too wet. I couldn't feel it. Especially not after all the spanking, the stinging still burning on my cheeks.

I pushed my body back into him hungrily, driving against him until our bodies were slapping. I wanted him to take it one step further.

I didn't ask for it, but I swear he must have read my mind, or read my body, because he withdrew, and I felt the head of his c**k a little higher up. I tilted my head around to look at him behind me. We made eye contact, I gave him a nod, and he gently pressed the tip of his c**k against the sensitive muscles. His c**k didn't go in. My muscles back there felt like a solid wall of flesh, not an opening.

Taking a deep breath, I said, "I need to relax. I guess I'm too excited."

"Lube," he said.

"Of course!"

I pulled away from him, opened my bedside drawer, and tossed a plastic bottle his way.

I returned to the same position, opening myself to him.

He applied some of the cool lube with his fingertips. He said, "This is my finger," and he pushed the tip of his finger in. The sensation was electric.

I whimpered into my pillow.

"Too much?" he said, sounding worried.

I glanced back at his worried expression, then buried my face in my pillow so I didn't have to look at him. "More like not enough," I said.

More lube was spread onto my opening, and then I felt something that wasn't a finger, but more like a knuckle, at my opening. In the space of four breaths, he eased the head of his c**k in.

"More," I said, and he gave me more.

He gave me a lot more.

Moving as we had been, only with a tighter pressure and more sensation, we continued with the rhythm we'd had before. I reached down and touched my clit, which was almost too hot to touch. I guided his free hand to it and let him take over, everything now wet and slick from my juices and also the bottle of lube.

My pleasure climbed up and up, and I felt his c**k get stiffer, like he was about to come, but he didn't. He just got harder and harder, thrusting into me with an urgency I'd never experienced with Jacob. He slowed, and I cried out, worried he was going to pull out and leave me hanging on the precipice, but then he plunged into me. He moaned in pleasure and released into me, and I cried out as my orgasm shook me, familiar, but different.

When he was finished his shaking, he pulled me upright, so that he was kneeling and I was somewhat on his lap. He tilted my face with his hand so he could kiss me on the mouth. His c**k continued to pulse inside me, our aftershocks merging as we kissed.

He pawed at my front, and I realized with surprise I was still wearing my lightweight sweater, the one I'd chosen for our date.

The sweater confused me. The whole thing confused me. The c**k in my ass confused me. What the heck was that about?

Jacob bit me on the neck, still squeezing me tightly into him.

"I love you," he said.

My mouth dropped open. I pulled away from him rather abruptly, making him go, "Youch!"

My butt was pulsing. "Oh my god, I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?"

I stared down at his half-rigid cock. Had I broken it?

"I'm fine," he said, smiling. "Just a little sensitive."

I reached down behind me to my butt, and felt the condom hanging out with just the tip inside me. "Oh god!" I yelled as I pulled it out.

He looked aghast. "Did I hurt you? Oh, Lexie, I should have been more gentle, I just couldn't help myself."

I shook my head and scrambled off the bed with the soggy condom. When he saw it, he started to laugh.

I squealed and ran into the the bathroom with it for immediate disposal.

Then I shut the door and locked it. I wasn't upset about the condom thing, as it hadn't broken, and goodness knows I wasn't worried about getting pregnant from what we'd done, but it was a good cover for what I was really upset about.

I peeled off my sweater and started the shower running. He'd said he loved me. But it was during sex, which didn't count. Or did it?

Did I love him?

I'd certainly missed Jacob while I was away. I'd looked forward to seeing him. And then, I'd thrown myself at him the moment he walked in the door.

Was that love?

He knocked on the door.

"You okay?"

"Just sweaty," I said. "I'm going to have a shower." I unlocked the handle, but didn't open the door. "You can join me if you want."

There was a long pause.

"I'm hungry," he said. "Mind if I scrounge up some crackers while I wait?"

"My place is your place," I said, so relieved I'd bought some alone time in the shower.

In the hot shower, I washed myself off and then prodded and poked my butt to make sure everything was okay. We'd gotten pretty active in bed, but I seemed none the worse for wear, thanks to all the lube, plus starting slow.

Maybe I was ready to try new things.

Like a real relationship. With Jacob.

Sure.

We climbed into his little sports car, and I teased him about the size of it.

I said, "Your hair touches the ceiling!"

"So? It's a perfect fit. Just right."

"Perfect fit," I said, reaching over to squeeze his muscular thigh.

He gave me a sly look as he started the engine. How could one guy be so sexy? He was adorable.

We didn't drive to a restaurant, but away from downtown, toward the suburbs.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"My brother's."

I folded my hands in my lap. Did I know Jacob had a brother? Hmm. Honestly, no. I had no idea how many siblings he had, let alone ever met any of his family. Or friends.

I quizzed him on the names of people I'd be meeting, just so I wouldn't make a total fool of myself. What I really wanted, though, was for him to turn the car around and take me home, but I couldn't say that. It was already bad enough he'd said he loved me and I hadn't reciprocated.

We pulled up in front of a modest-looking house in the suburbs. It looked exactly like the ones up and down the street, except with more giant, plastic kids' furniture on the front lawn.

We walked past a kiddie pool in the shape of a frog, filled with Barbie dolls and dirty water. Seeing those dolls, na**d and face-down in the water gave me a sinking feeling. It's not that I don't like kids. Kids are just small people, and some are great, like full-size people. Some of them, however, are little jackasses, and I don't tolerate jackasses of any age. Unfortunately, if you're annoyed by a kid and tell him or her to buzz off, people think you're a horrible human being. And so, I'm always on my guard around kids, at least until I get to know them.

Jacob grabbed my hand and squeezed it. I realized the squeaking sound was my teeth, grinding, and I told myself to relax.

Jacob didn't ring the doorbell, but walked right into the house. He led me over a hallway full of shoes in every size and permutation. The house smelled of boiled cabbage. We walked into a family room full of people talking. Everyone turned and stared at us. A baby began to wail.

A silver-haired black lady, who I immediately realized was Jacob's mother, waved to me and said, "You must be Lexie. Come in here. Let us get a look at you!"

This made everyone else laugh and hoot and then go back to their visiting.

Some people scooted over on the fireplace mantel for me to take a seat. I shook Jacob's mother's hand, and then met his father, who was white. Both of Jacob's parents were incredibly attractive and seemed kind, which made sense. I tried to politely and succinctly answer their questions about what I did for a living, evading the questions about what I'd been doing in Indonesia.

A man who looked a lot like Jacob, except taller, came over and shook my hand. He had a kid hanging off each leg. "Why were you in Indonesia?" he asked.

I gulped. "Scuba diving."

"Ah," he said, beaming.

Some other people-cousins, I'd later learn-started talking about their last scuba diving vacation, and with that, the pressure was off of me.

Over the next two hours, I met a lot of Jacob's family, and was fed a cheeseburger from the grill. The burger was burnt on the outside and an unsafe-looking pink on the inside, but I ate it anyway.

When one of Jacob's nieces came over and grabbed my hand to show me her room, I went graciously. The little girl wanted to show me everything in her room, along with telling me all the related stories. She was a nice kid, and honestly, I was relieved to do this, just the two of us, away from everyone else.

I noticed she had an adjustable closet organizer system in her closet, but it wasn't organized for optimal use by a little girl. With a little work, I got everything out of the closet, put the shelves back in at better heights, and we put everything back in. I showed her how to roll sweaters and fit them into the vertical cubby-holes, and then we did a quick color-sort on everything.

When that was done, we did a sorting on her toy box.

We were organizing her sock drawer when Jacob came looking for me, ready to go home.

The little girl, Erica, was so excited, showing him what we'd done.

He smiled at her, then pulled me aside, saying, "I don't think you should have changed her room around without asking her mother."

Although he said the words gently, they stung. I felt like a fool.

We said goodbye to everyone and went back out to his car in silence. The sun had set, and I could hear frogs at a nearby pond.

Inside the car, Jacob sighed heavily and said, "I'm sure my sister-in-law will be fine, she's just particular."

"Okay," I said. I couldn't remember which one she was, but I'd met a number of women, and they'd all seemed nice enough. "You know, I am a professional organizer. All we did was adjust some shelves. I didn't paint the room or throw anything out." I laughed, trying to lighten the mood. "You're the firefighter, so you know. You'd fix a safety hazard if you saw one."

His tone serious, he said, "I'd put out a fire."

He pulled onto the highway, driving aggressively and weaving in and out of lanes. I was annoyed, but bit my tongue.

As we entered the city, I finally broke the silence, saying, "Maybe I did overstep my bounds by moving the shelves, but ... maybe you shouldn't have sprung your entire family on me all at once like that."

"I thought you wanted to move to the next level." He honked the horn at a slow-moving car in front of us.

"I didn't exactly say anything about levels."

He turned and frowned at me, his face lit by moving streetlights. "Lexie."

"Jacob."

"Lexie, why do you have to act so hot and cold? I mean, I come over to take you out, invite you into my life, and you barely say three words to me before you've got my c**k in your hands."

"That's funny. I don't remember you complaining."

"I'm not. I mean, I haven't been. Maybe I am now."

"So ... you don't want me to enjoy your body? You don't want me to wear fancy underwear for you?"

"Stop twisting my words. Damn women, always twisting words."

I put my face in my hands and willed myself to do a mood reset. I can handle this, I told myself.

"I'm sorry," I said, and I meant it. "Let's start fresh, right now. Tell me what level you'd like us to take this to. Let's talk."

He shifted in his seat, opening his mouth a few times, but not saying anything. He seemed to be rehearsing something in his head.

Finally, he said, "I want what my brother has. I'll have to sell this little car, I know that. There's barely a backseat, let alone space for a carseat and all the other stuff."

I sat silently, my eyes bulging wide open, waiting for him to laugh, to say he was joking. But he didn't.

Calmly, I repeated back to him what I thought he meant. "You want to get married, move to the suburbs, and have a bunch of kids?"

"Yeah. Don't you?"

I practically shouted, saying "No!"

He put on the signal light and pulled the car into the right-hand lane and then into an empty parking lot near a big box store. He killed the engine and turned to me. "What do you want?"

"I don't know." I crossed my arms and uncrossed them. My throat hurt, the front of it being especially tight. "I might want the house and the kids ... someday. Probably. But not right now. Don't you want to date for a while, see how it goes?"

"We've been dating," he said. "I've already seen how it goes."

"Jacob, you're an amazing guy-"

"But! But-but. Please don't say it, Lexie. Don't say but."

Softly, I said, "You are amazing, though."

He started the engine again, but didn't start driving yet. "Can I ask you a question, and you'll answer completely honestly?"

"Sure," I said, ready to come clean about Indonesia and who I was with.

"Did you buy that fancy underwear specifically for me?"

"No."

He laughed, softly first, but then louder. "So this whole thing is just a cosmic misunderstanding."

"You mean life? Yeah, I'd say life is one giant cosmic misunderstanding."

He reached over and patted my leg. "You're a good one. If you do get ready to settle down, will you look me up?"

"Oh, Jacob. This isn't the end."

"I think it is," he said, and he drove out of the parking lot.

When we got to my condo, he wanted to walk me to my door. He held my hand and said, "I wish when we'd had sex, I'd known it would be our last time."

I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him. "It was perfect. It was really special."

Huskily, he said into my ear. "Are you sure? Because I think I could do it better."

I laughed and pushed him away, although my pu**y didn't want me too. My whole body trembled with excitement. I stared up at Jacob's brown eyes, and I considered taking him up to my place and giving him something to remember, but my mouth said, "Goodbye."

He kissed me, and he left.

As I walked into the lobby of my building, I glanced behind me to the street, but Jacob had already gone, disappearing into the night.

3: The Mentor

I spent the weekend feeling sorry for myself. On Saturday morning, I pulled everything out of my kitchen cupboards in order to give them a good scrubbing inside. By Sunday night, my canned goods and dishes were still spread out everywhere, and I hadn't washed anything. The up-side of this was it made preparing food easier. Craving candy, I ate a jar of cake decorations.

On Monday morning, I had an organizing job. I put on my little Bitch Boots, which I hadn't worn much since my first visit to Luthor Thorne's mansion, and I headed out to work, feeling disgust as I looked over my disaster of a kitchen.

I had the new girl, Martine, working with me that day. She asked a lot of questions, again, but she was getting the knack of it. I left her alone with the client, patiently sorting through the woman's overstuffed closet, listening to the woman describe the wonderful gala events she'd attended in each fancy dress.

Suzanne had booked this job on a per-hour basis, not for a flat rate, so I had no incentive to rush things along. I excused myself to the washroom and checked my phone for messages, for about the millionth time.

Part of me was hoping Jacob would call or text, saying we could go back to how things were, and that he needed me-not to marry him immediately and bear progeny, but to kiss him and hold him.

Another part of me wished Luthor would do something. Anything.

Shortly after we got back from Indonesia, Suzanne had forwarded me his phone number, and I'd almost called him a dozen times. I pulled up his number again and hovered my finger over the screen.

I put the phone away and then ... I received a sign from the universe, or whatever. I glanced down at the bathroom's counter top and right on top of a stack of women's magazine was a Cosmopolitan, and in bright pink text, these words leapt out at me:

Why Don't You Ask Him Out for a Change?

So I did.

I sent Luthor a carefully-worded, just-breezy-enough text message, suggesting we meet for lunch so that I could "pick his brain" about business advice.

He returned the message within half an hour, naming a fancy hotel restaurant downtown and saying he'd already made reservations for Tuesday at noon.

Martine, who was packing up ball gowns to go to a charity, stared up at me, all big blue eyes. "What? Am I doing everything wrong? Please don't fire me."

"You're great," I said. "I'm just surprised by a text message."

"Ah!" She looked relieved.

Our client had disappeared off to another room to fetch some accessories for us to help her sort.

Staring at Martine, I remembered what it was like to be nervous at a new job, so I put away my phone and gave her a little pep talk, letting her know she was doing a fine job.

Martine looked around to make certain we were alone, and then leaned in and said, "Rich people scare me a little."

"They're just like everyone else," I said, launching into a mini-speech I was used to giving when people asked about my career. "Our clients just want to be heard. They want someone to patiently listen without judgment, and sometimes they just need a little company. It can be very lonely at the top."

As Martine nodded and I spoke, I heard my pre-canned speech with fresh ears.

My major issue with Luthor Thorne had been him trying to treat me like an employee, ordering me around and trying to "book" me rather than date me. And yet, if he'd been raised by nannies and other staff members, people paid to care for him, it wasn't unnatural for him to try those patterns later in life.

And goodness knows there are a lot of women around looking for "sugar daddies" to buy them things in exchange for affection. I wondered if Luthor Thorne had ever had a normal relationship. Had he dated anyone in college? Had he ever had his heart truly broken, or did he push people away before they could hurt him?

People don't mean to hurt each other, not usually. They're just unwilling or unable to stop it. Sooner or later, everyone's going to be disappointed in life, and they'll look around for someone to pin it on.

After my parents first separated, my father made an effort for a while. He'd pick me up and we'd go through the ritual, listing off all the things neither of us felt like doing. Then we'd go back to his sad little bachelor apartment and I'd watch TV while he went about his regular life, sometimes there, sometimes out. He'd give me the fold-out bed and he'd take a blow-up air mattress that had to be noisily re-inflated in the middle of the night.

When he drove me back to my mother's, to my house where my real life was, he'd stand on the porch and grin like SuperDad. My mother would look down at me and say, "Tell your father you love him."

"I love you," I'd say.

He'd beam and say, "Me too, sweetie," and hug me goodbye.

As I got older, we fought more. He moved to a better apartment, and I had my own room, but it was also his office, and he wouldn't let me put up the posters I wanted. It was a stupid thing to argue over, as are all the stupid things families argue over, but my teenage years were not pretty.

Eventually, I'd see him only once every few months, but still my mother would put us through that ritual of me saying, "I love you," even on days I wanted to scream that I hated him.

In my head, I pretended I was saying "Isle of Yew" and that made it a little better.

My father's not the worst guy, and we actually get along just fine now that I'm a grown-up, although we don't see each other often. When we say goodbye, I still say "Isle of Yew," and he doesn't know.

Even dressed in my best little suit-a cream skirt and matching jacket, over a red blouse-I felt out-classed at the fancy hotel restaurant. Don't you hate it when waiters give you a snooty, appraising look? I mean, come on. They're waiters, not captains of industry. Who are they to judge? I may not wear Chanel, but I don't describe the Catch of the Day a hundred times a day for a living.

At fancy places, I always over-tip-to prove a point, I guess. Funny how we all have our insecurities. I'm nearly as generous with the nice waiters who don't judge.

Luthor Thorne was already seated at the table, waiting for me. He looked up at me and his expression completely changed, with a decade melting away in an instant. I'd never realized how young he looked when he smiled. As I nearly tripped over my dumb feet-completely out of their league in my new, ultra-high heels-I knew I wanted to keep that smile on his face, no matter what.

He stood and kissed me on both cheeks.

Some other people in the restaurant turned to stare. I felt like Cinderella.

I got into my seat and the waiter pushed my chair in, to my surprise. Luthor laughed at my little squeal.

Once we were on our own with the menus, I said, "How was Denmark?"

"Flat and full of Danes, who speak English as well as you and I. Everyone rides bicycles."

My smile was so big, it was hard to speak clearly. "Sounds lovely."

"I'll take you with me next time." He gave me a wink.

I didn't answer, but took a sip of my ice water. The water had a funny taste, because of the cucumber slices floating in it.

"I know," Luthor said, noting my reaction. "Cucumber. What's next?"

I'd been wrinkling my nose at the water. I stopped making the face and took another sip, not wanting to appear fussy.

Luthor continued, "Slices of turnip."

I had to laugh at that. "Beets, maybe, to color it pink?" I looked around at the interior of the restaurant, spotting a piece of art that looked familiar.

He turned and followed my gaze. "That's a reproduction. I have the original."

I grinned. "In your bedroom. I remember."

He pulled the slices of cucumber out of his water and tossed them on top of my ice water.

I pulled them out and ate them. "Don't play with your food," I said.

His face got all serious, his eyes hungry. "You look good." He swallowed, his Adam's apple moving up and down. "I missed you."

I whispered, "I missed you, too."

The waiter appeared, like a splash of cold water on the mood, and we ordered. I picked out a glorified grilled cheese sandwich I couldn't pronounce.

Luthor said, "That sounds terrific. I'll have the same."

We chatted for a bit before our food came, talking about how my leg was healing (nicely; the stitches had just come out), how lovely Indonesia was (so lovely), and what Suzanne and Simon had been up to (the usual).

As we were digging into the fragrant lunch, the waiter came by with two very tall, thin glasses of a sparkling drink topped by strawberries. "Compliments of Mr. Hubert," the waiter said, nodding toward the bar.

Luthor and I both turned, and Mr. Hubert waved back, his coat over his arm, on his way out. I must have flushed through every shade of red in the Blush Book: plum, tomato, raspberry, beet, and strawberry, too.

I knew the handsome man with the silver hair, because a few weeks prior, I'd helped his wife with some clothing shopping and given the man a little treat in a changing room. It was with his wife's permission, as they had some sort of open thing in effect, but it was still shocking to recollect.

Luthor was already sipping the drink. "Not bad," he said. "At least there's no cucumber. Strange, though, that he'd be sending me drinks. I thought he'd be unhappy about the last company I bought out from underneath him."

"I have a confession," I said. "I know Mr. Hubert. Not well, but I think he sent the drinks because of me."

"Don't tell me they had you over to one of their parties." His lip curled up in disdain.

"No, nothing like that."

"Good." He slurped down the rest of the drink and sighed contentedly, then returned to the sandwich, eating it with his hands instead of with a fork and knife, as I had been.

When he was done, he licked his fingers instead of using the napkin, which I found odd, but didn't comment on.

I was still finishing my salad when he reached under the table and slipped his hand between my knees. The table was glass, with no tablecloth, and I couldn't believe he was being so bold. Getting felt up in a restaurant had not been on my sensual tourism list before, but now, suddenly, it was. I wanted him to slide that hand up to my juicy peach. But I had to resist.

"So, the business," I said, pulling back in my chair and away from him. "I was wondering if you'd give us some advice about franchising. Or at least expanding."

He leaned into the table and reached again for my knees, squeezing one.

A few people around us were watching with interest.

He caught my gaze and stared into me with those green-brown eyes, those deep, yearning eyes.

Desire blossomed within me, increasing the pace of my heart and making my palms sweat and my mouth water. Forget lunch. Forget everything. I wanted him. I licked my lips and relaxed my legs, parting them.

He closed his eyes and slid his hand up as far as it would go, mid-thigh.

I closed my eyes and tried not to think about the people all around us. My attraction to him was too powerful; we'd never be just friends. Run, leave the restaurant, I told myself, but I couldn't get my legs to move. I wanted his hand to travel further. I wanted him on top of me, inside me, possessing me. The man was incredible at sex, and I'd noticed the very first time we were together, when I'd thought of him as a f**k machine. He'd been incredible in Indonesia, and I couldn't deny I craved him.

His hand pulled away, and he was at my side, pulling me up from my chair, my hand in his.

My napkin fell to the floor as we walked away. As we exited the cafe, I said, "Luthor, we didn't pay the bill. It was going to be my treat, too."

"I own the hotel," he said.

Just outside the cafe's doors, in the hallway leading to the hotel lobby, he pushed me back against the wood-paneled wall and kissed me. As I tasted his lips and tongue, he pressed his body against mine urgently. My hands slipped under his jacket and around to his back, as though we'd done this a million times.

He pulled away from me. "Wait here. Don't move."

I did, and he returned a moment later, then led me to the elevators.

Inside the elevator, he pressed the button for the top floor, and then he moved me into a corner and kissed me again, this time all over my throat and down my chest, unbuttoning my blouse as he went.

I gasped when the elevator doors opened, but luckily we were at the top floor, still alone.

He led me down the hall and used the key card to open a door.

I hesitated at the doorway, not stepping into the room. I had to have known this was where it was heading. From the moment he'd made the lunch date at the hotel. Of all the places in the city to eat, a hotel? Oh, Lexie. For a smart girl, you don't always use your brain.

He was already inside the room, hanging up his suit jacket on a wood hanger.

When he saw me, still standing at the door, he stretched out a hand. "Lexie?"

"Luthor, I ... I don't know if I should."

He came over and stood in front of me, just inside the door. The top two buttons of his shirt were unfastened, and I wanted to finish undressing him and run my hands all over his body. But I also didn't want to screw things up, and I knew I would. Just like I had with Jacob, and with every other guy I'd dated.

He looked down and then chuckled nervously. "Don't tell me you asked me out just to get business advice. Please." He held his hands over his heart. "I don't know if I can take it. I didn't think you cared for me, and then you asked me to meet you, and ... I guess it was wishful thinking on my part." He shook his head. "I'm so stupid."

I took two steps back, to the middle of the hallway. "Luthor, I don't want to get married and have a bunch of kids and live in the suburbs."

He looked shocked. "Good god, me neither. Do you think that's what I want?"

"I also don't want to be a possession, a pawn in someone's game. I don't want to be bought. I won't be shipped around for your convenience."

"Is this because I wasn't on the flight with you? Suzanne said it would be fine."

I clasped my hands together, then released them and folded my arms. "I guess it's my fault. This whole thing with us has been so bizarre, right from the first time we met."

"And then you left your panties under my pillow. It drove me crazy. You were in all my dreams. How did you know to do that?"

"My panties? What?" I thought back to the day I'd been hired to arrange the furniture in his bedroom. "That was your assistant, Grace. She actually bought my underwear from me."

He shook his head. "That stupid bet. So ridiculous."

"And that bet!" I said, nearly yelling. "What is that all about?"

The elevator doors opened down the hallway and a maid came out with her cart.

Luthor pressed his fingers to his forehead and gave me a crooked smile. "Come inside the room and I'll tell you everything."

I re-crossed my arms. "No way. If I set foot in there, you'll have my legs in the air and there won't be any conversation."

"Once I start, I don't stop. Is that so bad?"

"I'm beginning to think it is. I think I do that, with people. Well, not with people. With men. I avoid intimacy by making everything about sex."

The housekeeper had stopped her cart in the middle of the hallway and was pretending to rearrange the items on it while listening, but I didn't care.

"Intimacy is scary," he said.

I relaxed my stance a little. "I know, right?"

"I probably do the same thing. That was why I made the bet with Grace. I wanted to stop doing anything that had to do with sex, and see if that cleared my head."

"And did it?"

He held his hands out. "I think you know how that worked out. I tried to do some yard work to take my mind off sex, but that had unexpected results."

I took one step closer to the doorway. The air conditioning was rather chilly in the hall, and the suite did look warm and inviting.

"I think Grace was trying to sabotage you. She hired me and told me to stay away from you. Naturally, I wanted to do the exact opposite."

He grinned. "Reverse psychology."

I spat out, "Games."

He shrugged. "No more games, then. Absolute honesty."

"Fine." I tapped my foot and gave him a skeptical look. "I gave Mr. Hubert a b**w j*b in a department store change room."

He winced and swallowed hard. "Lucky guy." He held his hand out to me. "I'd like us to be exclusive from now on. I don't care what you did in the past, just what you'll do in the future."

I kept tapping my foot. "Did you book this lunch at a hotel because you were planning to sleep with me?"

"Not planning to. More like hoping to." He gave me a big smile. "Is that such a bad thing?"

I glanced over at the cleaning woman, who was rapt.

Still holding my ground, I put my hands on my hips. "So, are we dating, or what?"

"We're dating. If you'll agree, I'd like you to be my girlfriend. Officially. I guess I'll lose my bet with Grace, but I can handle the penalty."

The cleaning woman sighed.

"I think I might be a little screwed up, and maybe you are too, so ..." I looked into his eyes, and I saw something different.

He wasn't just the man who stood before me, Mr. Luthor Thorne. He was also the boy, the one who lost a brother and was left yearning for more emotional contact. On top of that, though, I saw other versions. He was the man he'd be a year from now, made stronger by our bond, more confident. He was the older version of himself, his temples graying, but still handsome, the same man, but more.

In his eyes, I also saw myself, as he saw me. A smart, confident young woman-a little screwed up, but willing to move beyond the past and be loved. Willing to love. Willing to say the words.

I practically ran into the room, throwing myself into him.

We kissed, our lips crushing into each other. The door closed behind me, and I already had Luthor's shirt unbuttoned.

Something caught my eye and I stopped, pulling back. "Seriously? A grand piano?"

Holding my hand, he walked me over to the baby grand in the corner of the room. I'd seen hotel suites like this in magazine and in movies, even in my fantasies, but not in person. My mouth gaped as I stared around at the opulence, from the crystal chandeliers high overhead to the fine furnishings. One night in this suite was likely more than a month's mortgage payment.

"Do you play?" he asked.

"I can noodle around with a few chords, but no, I don't play piano. Do you?"

He sat on the bench and ran his finger down the keys.

He looked up and caught my gaze, and began to play. "Why don't you pour us some of that champagne?"

I turned around and found a tray with champagne, fluted glasses, and strawberries dipped in chocolate. After just eating lunch, I wasn't hungry, but my mouth watered at the sight of them.

Luthor continued to play-something jazzy, but I couldn't have guessed the name of the song-and coaxed me into opening the champagne myself, even though I was terrified of sending the cork into a priceless chandelier.

He laughed. "I own the chandelier and I give you permission."

With that, I popped it open and only spilled a little bit near my shoes on the hardwood floor.

"Question for you," I said. "I swear when we first met, I asked if you owned hotels, and you said you didn't. Does the honesty start right now?"

"Ah. You asked if I owned 'hotel chains' and I don't. I own hotels, but they're all boutique hotels. Not chains."

"Same difference."

"Okay, I was evading your question. Can you forgive me? I barely knew you. It's a reflex to be vague about ... my business."

I nodded slowly, as though convincing myself. "Okay, I can sorta see that. Actually, I get it. Sometimes I meet people socially and they're so nosy about what I make as an organizer. I don't want to say the annual figure, because it's up and down, plus it's none of their business, but when they find out the hourly rate we charge, they get all weird and stare at me like I'm Donald Trump or something."

"You look nothing like Donald Trump."

I laughed. "You would know. You guys are probably golf buddies."

Luthor made the funniest face, which I took to mean they were not.

I brought the glasses over to the piano. "Good thing I booked the afternoon off work," I said.

He peered at me through raised eyebrows. "Had you been planning to seduce me?"

"Not consciously."

He stopped playing long enough to clink his glass to mine and we both took a sip. The champagne was delicious, the bubbles going straight to my head and heightening my excitement.

"You play beautifully." I leaned my elbows on the piano and stared at him in awe.

"Music helps me focus. When I was studying in college, I could always study better after I played music."

"I used to go for long walks."

He smiled. "That's good too."

He began to play a new song, a different one, and he started to sing.

If my knees hadn't been weak before, they certainly were after Luthor began to sing. His singing voice was even lower, deeper than his speaking voice, and so rich. At first, I thought I was so overwhelmed I'd stopped understanding words, but he was singing in French.

After a few lines, he'd speak softly after singing a line, translating into English. The song was about a person being reminded of someone in the Fall, when the leaves fell from the trees. It was so beautiful and sad at the same time.

When he finished, he stood and wiped a tear from my cheek-a tear I hadn't realized was there.

He said, "Too dreary, I know. I can play something by Elton John maybe?"

I set down my champagne glass and wrapped my arms around him. "I'm torn. You have an incredible singing voice, but I can't kiss you when you're singing."

"Mmm," he said, pressing his lips to mine.

The vibrations of the piano and him singing were still in the room, wrapping around us.

His tongue parted my lips and met mine. His arms went around my waist and we swayed to the memory of the music, our h*ps moving together. We'd danced like this at the resort, and I was amazed that although we were so new together, we already had so many wonderful memories. And there was still so much more to come.

He picked me up and carried me all the way over to the bed, where we both stood, and he slowly undressed me as I undressed him.

With both of us naked, he rolled down the coverlet of the bed and climbed in, then patted the sheet next to him. It was still mid-day, and the room was brightly lit, the curtains wide open. We'd had plenty of sex before, including at the hotel, but this time it was different. We were being honest.

"I'll want you to meet my mother," I said.

He pulled the sheet up to cover his erection. "I'd love to. But can we not talk about your mother when we're ... you know."

I put one knee up on the bed. "Okay. And I want to meet your family, too."

"They're dying to meet you, too."

I pulled my knee off the bed. "I thought we agreed, no more games."

He rolled toward me and reached for my hand. "I'm not playing. I told them about you, after the stingray. I was so scared, and after you fell asleep, I called my parents and we had a big talk."

"Luthor, I need to tell you something else. There was another man I was dating."

He caught my hand and squeezed it. "Is it in the past?"

"The very recent past."

He pulled me toward him. "Good enough."

I climbed into the bed and lay alongside him, the length of our na**d bodies touching. "I'm all yours now," I said.

He kissed my hand. "If you'll have me, I am all yours, too."

A smile spread across my face and a matching one on his. He pulled me in tight to him and kissed me, softly and then fiercely. I lay back, and he moved around me, kissing every inch of me, from the top of my head, to the spot on my leg where the stingray had cut me. He pulled my legs apart and returned to one spot with great interest.

I closed my eyes, feeling only his touch as he pushed his hands against my inner thighs, moving up, and then kissed my mound. He kissed me there, and his tongue came out, parting those intimate lips. As I shuddered from pleasure, he licked up and down, tongue darting along my opening and then moving up, over my nub. He gradually moved the focus up, licking and touching me, nudging a finger into my opening to extend the sensations.

My pulse quickened and my body arched as he deftly brought me to orgasm with his tongue. I sighed and moaned in pleasure, letting him know how good he made me feel.

As I was still trembling with the ripples of pleasure from coming, he moved up on the bed and pressed his c**k between my legs and then against my opening. I grabbed his bu**ocks and pulled him into me.

He moaned in pleasure as his thick shaft moved into me. He moved quickly, and then desperately, thrusting against me, eyes closed.

The tingling around my pu**y grew stronger, and my muscles ached with hot pleasure, ready to come again. As he came inside me, his breathing raspy and rough, his whole body wrapping around and inside me at once, I came with him. We moved together, the key and the lock, turning, opening.

When we finished, he had my hair in his mouth and bite marks on his shoulder from where I thought I'd been kissing him, but apparently had done more than that.

We pulled apart, both glistening with sweat.

He shifted up and reached along the wall with one hand.

I said, "Are you looking for the switch for the fan?"

He glanced up at the chandelier. There was no fan, because we weren't in Indonesia.

"I was," he said, laughing, which made me laugh.

"We'll go back there someday," I said.

"I'd like that." He kissed me, lingering. "Hey, remember the pool?"

I giggled. "It was basically a week ago, but yes."

"And the shower."

"Mm." I reached down and found that the memory had aroused him.

"This suite has a great shower." He cupped my breast tenderly and kissed my throat.

"With handholds? I wouldn't want to slip and fall and have to sue the owner."

"I'll catch you!"

I laughed and rearranged the top sheet, so that it ran along the length between our bodies, as we were still sticky with sweat.

"Are you trying to keep me away?" he asked.

"No, silly. Just didn't want to get all my sweat on you."

He yanked the sheet away and traced a line down my stomach. "Why are you sweaty anyway? I was on top, doing all the work."

"There's work on the bottom, too."

"Then I'll go on the bottom next time."

I swung my leg over him and rolled him onto his back, then sat astride him. "Cowgirl style?" I rolled my hips.

His c**k was already hard again, and he rolled his h*ps down and plunged into me. I gasped and instinctively ground against him, the fires lighting up once more.

I liked being on top of him like this, and from the look on his face, he liked it too. With him on his back, his hands were free to roam over my body, squeezing my ni**les, pulling me down for a kiss or two, and then running along my sides and over my bu**ocks as I rolled on him, riding that beautiful c**k of his, deep inside me.

He got so hard, I thought he might shatter, but it was me who shattered into a million pieces. With my hands on his chest, I rode him harder and harder, getting the friction in just the right spot. I didn't want it to end, I wanted to keep going just like that forever, but then everything pulsed and the room went white, and I had the most incredible orgasm of my life.

When I came back down to earth and opened my eyes, he looked worried. I started to ask what was wrong, but he began to buck underneath me, his c**k throbbing inside me. He didn't just grunt when he came, but he made a loud, growling sort of noise. It was the sexiest thing ever.

4: A Year Later

We've been dating for a year now. Me and Luthor Thorne. The billionaire. Who's also just a regular guy (sometimes) and a fantastic boyfriend.

Here's the deal with Grace and the bet: It was his idea to make the bet, but the stakes were Grace's choosing. He wanted to free his mind from the temptations of sex. He said that if he broke his promise and had sex with a woman during the three-month period, Grace was going to take him to a spa and have his entire body waxed from the neck down. No hair. Neck down. Everything.

On our next date, after the afternoon in the fancy hotel suite, Luthor was shy about taking off his clothes. We met at one of his other hotels, a smaller boutique hotel that had rooms set up to look like a quaint Bed and Breakfast. There were a lot of doilies on everything.

We'd had a nice lunch together, flirting like crazy the whole time. We'd agreed to always meet somewhere in public and have some getting-to-know-you time before we changed the topic by getting naked, and so far, it was great.

Luthor ran around the room, pulling the curtains tight and turning off all the lights. He undressed quickly and jumped into the bed.

I said, "What's going on? Did you get a tattoo you don't want me to see?"

"C'mere."

I wanted him inside me, but I took it slow. The man was more satisfying than my vibrator on the OHMYGOD setting, but I was developing a tiny bit of self-control.

I stripped slowly, though the room was so dark, my new underwear and striptease was probably wasted in the low light. I slowly crawled into the bed like a cat and purred as I lay next to him.

"You cold?" I asked. He didn't feel cold.

He took my hand and ran it down his chest and then further down, to his crotch. He wasn't hard yet, which made me wonder what he was nervous about. As I stroked his balls, I realized they felt different, like they had no hair on them.

I dove under the covers, head-first, and began to kiss the area. He moaned and wriggled underneath me.

"What's this all about?" I asked between kisses. "Did you shave down here? It's so smooth."

"Long story."

"Try me," I said, putting his now-firming-up c**k in my mouth.

He gasped with pleasure and rolled his h*ps up, his legs tensing. I ran my hand down his thigh, which was strangely smooth and hair-free. His legs were smoother than mine!

I lightly massaged his balls and then pulled my mouth off his c**k so I could suck on his balls, one at a time. "Mm," I said into his balls. They were not as interesting to play with as his beautiful, straight cock, but they were still fun. I released them and said, "We have all night. Tell me what happened. Did you fall into a vat of Nair? I'm not touching you again until you tell me. I'm insanely curious, you know. I won't be able to think about anything else until I know."

I lay alongside him, but in the other direction, with my feet up on the pillow next to his head. He massaged the backs of my legs and told me the story of the bet. After our afternoon at the hotel the day before, he'd returned home and confessed everything to Grace. She promptly called the spa and booked the appointment for that evening.

I reached over and petted his na**d equipment, stirring it back to life. "I can't believe she made you go through with it. She's a weird lady."

"She's good, though. She had to do it, because we always make good on our commitments to each other. You could say I did this to myself."

I licked the head like it was a lollipop. The room was dim, but I could see by Luthor's face he was relaxed and enjoying himself. I had an idea, so I asked him, "Did they wax your .. ah ... bumhole?"

"Yes!" he said, sounding almost proud. "The strangest thing is, that part didn't hurt too much. I guess the body hair around there is sparse, or the nerves are different. I don't know."

I sucked down on his shaft, filling my mouth as far as I could go. His c**k was very firm now, and ready to ride, but I had another idea.

"I have some lube in my purse," I said. "Do you want to try something a little ... different? My elderly neighbor told me all about it. Feel free to say no, but it involves me putting my finger in your bum."

There was a pause. "Is that all? Why?"

"It would be at the same time I'm giving you head."

"Ah! That makes more sense."

We both laughed, and then, he said, "Sure, get the lube."

I scrambled for my purse and ran back, my pulse racing.

I said, "Trying something new sure makes me nervous. My heart's beating like a little rabbit's."

"In a good way?"

"Yes." I climbed up on him and kissed him. This time, my hands traveled down his chest and I noticed how different it felt, all waxed. He didn't have a very hairy chest to begin with, but it felt even smoother. I could certainly appreciate why guys like women to be smooth, as it does make the skin-to-skin contact seem closer.

I slowly worked my way down his body, kissing him inch by inch. My nails were trimmed very short, as I prefer them that way, but I checked with Luthor and he said my finger seemed fine to him, and he'd let me know if he felt anything that wasn't good.

With him on his back, I pushed his knees up and got between his legs. I sucked on his gorgeous c**k and played with his balls. My heart was pounding as I put the lube on my finger and applied it where I thought his bum was. I had to feel around in the dark, just to find it, but he made some happy noises, so I figured my blind groping at least felt good.

Once he relaxed, my finger slipped right in. His muscles gripped my finger and then relaxed. I added more lube and asked if he wanted more fingers.

His voice was high and pinched as he said, "That's fine."

I got more comfortable, leaned over, and started working his shaft with my other hand, his head in my mouth. After a moment, the movements felt absolutely natural and fun. I bobbed up and down on his really yummy manhood, and gently pulsed my other finger, hoping I was doing it right, and getting near the prostate, or the "male g-spot." I knew how good it felt to have my g-spot stroked, and I hoped it was working for him.

Suddenly and without warning, he was coming, all tension and muscles underneath me, hot fluid blasting from him. He made a vocal sound that made his previous growl the day before seem like a mere vocal warmup.

When he was done, he went completely limp in the body, though his c**k remained rigid. I gently withdrew my finger.

Don't worry, I ran to the washroom and washed my hand off before we did anything else.

Back in bed, he squeezed me tight and said, "That was the weirdest f**king thing ever."

"And you liked it?"

"Did it sound like I liked it? I'm going to do the same thing to you."

I squealed and pulled away.

He grabbed me and hauled me back into him. "Only I might put more than a finger in."

"I like the sound of that. You know, I used to think some things were definitely off my sensual tourism list, but I think I'd probably do anything you wanted to do. No limitations. You showed me so much trust by letting me do that thing to you, and I want to return the favor."

"I've got some ideas. Give me a few minutes to recover, though."

"Sure." I cuddled in next to him and put my head on his shoulder. After a few minutes, he started stroking the side of my body, and his erection quickly formed a tent under the sheets.

We kissed as I stroked him with my hand, then he got me up on my hands and knees. I was expecting his c**k to nudge into my slick, ripe peach, so I practically melted into a puddle when I felt his tongue on my hot pu**y. His nose tickled against my crevice as he licked my clit, swirling and twirling his tongue around in the most divine motion. He rocked me gently back and forth as his tongue and my cl*t did the waltz, the tango, the anything-goes. He devoured me, and I wanted him to never stop.

His hands moved lightly up and down my legs, caressing my curves and my ass. A finger probed my pu**y entrance, and then, slick with my juices, probed the other.

He pushed a finger into the tight opening, and I gasped and moaned and writhed on the bed, begging him for more.

Though I was on the precipice of coming, he pulled his mouth away from my mound, leaving me whimpering.

With one finger still massaging my tight hole, sending shivers and tingles all through my body, he turned his hand and repositioned his body. He was going to f**k me, there, and I wanted it. First, I felt the big head of his c**k at my pink folds. He pushed in, filling me, and no sooner had I driven my h*ps back against him than he pulled back out again, all the way. What was he playing at? He dragged his finger out, and I knew what was coming next.

My heart pounded and my throat was on fire. I swallowed hard and willed my muscles to relax as he rubbed lubrication on my ass. With one hand on my hip to ground us, he pushed the head of his c**k against that knot of skin.

Like a key in a lock, it slid in. The shivers ran through me, making me delirious with desire. I gave him some instructions, but they made no sense with all my panting and moaning.

He went slowly, easing in and out, adding a little more lube as we went.

Soon we were moving like well-lubricated machinery, and he was pounding the pleasure into me, one stroke at a time, my gorgeous man, my f**k machine.

When I came, I came undone. I felt a pulling sensation, from the top of my head all the way to my toes, as though I was shedding the skin of an old life, an old Lexie, and becoming someone new.

Over the last year, our erotic activity has definitely had some high points. We did it standing up, in a glass elevator. And in beautiful hotels in other cities, including Paris and Rome, and once, Moscow. I've always enjoyed traveling, so I've been happy to tag along with him on business trips around the world. We spent a weekend in Idaho, which could have been dull, but Luthor has a way of finding something fun and exciting to do wherever he is.

Our relationship has not been without a few downsides. For example, he gets stressed about business decisions that will cost people their jobs. He hates closing down businesses, but sometimes he has to. There are pains that come with managing a fortune, and I wish I could help him more, but the best I can do is stand by his side, listen, and try to make him smile when I can.

Another downside is I've lost some friends. A few people decided I'd gotten "too fancy" for them, and stopped inviting me around. Not Suzanne and Simon, thank goodness. They're truly the kind of folks who love you and stick by you, for richer or poorer. The funny thing is, you wouldn't think the "for richer" part would be a problem, and yet, it is. Life, man.

Another funny thing is, I'm making more money than ever with my business, now that I don't even need it. Luthor has helped me with some decisions, but Suzanne and I have done most of it on our own. I can see why he enjoys running his empire, now that I have a very modest empire of my own. I find it enjoyable to employ other people and improve their lives and give them confidence. The new girl, Martine, has become head of operations. She's a little boy-crazy but she's actually got a good head on her shoulders, which reminds me of someone ...

Martine is taking care of the business right now, because I'm in Indonesia. Again. I've returned to kill the stingray who tried to murder me! Just kidding. I bear no ill will toward the stingray, or any other sea creatures.

We're back at the villa, the same one we stayed in the first time. Suzanne and Simon are in the villa next door, and my mother is in one on the other side of us, so suffice it to say there's been no outdoor-pool action. All the action has taken place inside our room, with the sliding doors closed.

Luthor's in the shower right now, getting the ocean water out of his hair.

We have a big surprise for our family and friends tonight.

They think Luthor's going to propose to me.

They're in for a big shock.

I've got a white dress hanging in the closet of my villa, and I'm about to put it on. Once everyone's assembled in the prettiest of the activity rooms at the resort, the music is going to play, and I'm going to walk in, flowers in my hair, wearing a gauzy, simple white dress.

Luthor's worried my mother might scream or faint. I think she's going to yell, "I knew it!" because my mother's pretty sharp about figuring things out, and she spotted the white shoes at my condo a month ago, when I was getting the place ready to put on the market.

The actual proposal happened two months ago.

It went like this:

We'd gone to see a movie at a movie theater. Though we do go to fancy plays and concerts sometimes, it was just a regular ol' movie, the type we go out to see all the time. You see, even if you're mega rich, you still like Adam Sandler as much as everyone, and you like seeing his movies in a crowded theater full of other people who feel the same way.

Honestly, it was not one of his better movies, but we enjoyed it regardless.

After the movie, I just wanted to go back to my condo and sleep off all the popcorn butter calories, and I didn't feel up to life at the Thorne Mansion, and having staff fussing over me. I've gotten used to Grace, and she is almost normal once you get to know her, but I wasn't in the mood.

Luthor seemed bothered by my request to return to my place, but he had the driver take us there anyway. At the front door, I had to beg him to come up with me for a bit. I started getting annoyed with him for being so odd. He'd been behaving strangely all evening, like he was distracted, his mind on a business deal, though he assured me it wasn't.

As we walked down the hallway to my front door, his hand felt stiff and unnatural in mine. My mind raced.

He was breaking up with me.

I nearly hunched over right there and threw up, but I didn't. I kept walking, my heart pounding, my eyes tight and hot with tears ready to go.

I'd always figured the day would come, eventually, when he'd get tired of going to regular crowded movie theaters, sitting with regular people, helping me with my silly little business.

I fumbled with the keys, but the door pushed in, unlocked.

Then my panic was replaced by a whole new dread: I'd been broken into.

I pushed open the door and nearly yelled "Fire!" but didn't.

Candles were everywhere. And red stuff on the floor. Rose petals. On everything.

Grace was there, hands clasped together in front of her.

"Welcome home," she said as she scurried past me, toward the door.

I said, "What are you doing here?"

In answer, she just squeezed my hand and leaned in to kiss me on the cheek.

"Enjoy it, sweetheart," she said, and she darted out the door, clicking it shut behind her.

I wheeled around, gawking at all the candles, on everything.

When I turned back, Luthor was down on one knee.

I nearly peed myself.

I yelled, "No way!"

He pulled a box from his jacket pocket.

"Lexie Ross-"

I interrupted him, yelling "No way!" again.

He rubbed his nose and waited for me to calm down. I squatted and got down on my knees in front of him.

"You're supposed to stand," he said.

Nearly whimpering, I said, "I can't. My legs won't work."

He smiled sweetly, then continued, "Lexie Ross, you came into my life and everything changed. You organized me. I didn't think I deserved someone as good as you. Someone so beautiful and smart and strong and sexy. I still don't think I do, but Lexie ..."

My voice was trembling. "Yes, Luthor?"

"Lexie, if you'll take this ring and agree to be engaged to me, and then married to me, if you still like me, maybe in a few months or in a year ... whenever you're comfortable, I'm going to try so hard to be the man who deserves your love."

My breath caught in my throat. Time was standing still, but it couldn't be, because the candles all around us were still flickering.

"Lexie, I love you. Will you marry me?"

It came gushing out of me. "I love you! Oh, Luthor, I do. I'm not just saying that because you did, but I really do." I crashed into him, wrapping my arms around him. "I love you." I was sobbing now, crying.

He repeated it, his mouth near my ear. "I love you."

We clutched each other for some time, both of us kneeling, just inside the door of my condo, not even in a proper room, but in the space between the kitchen and living room.

I pulled away from him, exclaiming, "The ring!"

"I didn't forget. It's right here."

He handed me the box. My hands were shaking as I opened it.

As you can imagine, the ring was gorgeous.

In fact, it was too nice.

I had him take me to the ring store the next week and we exchanged it for something I could actually wear in public without being embarrassed. You see, I'm adjusting to the lifestyle of being with a billionaire, soon to be married to a billionaire, but the transition doesn't happen overnight.

While I was waiting for my ring to get sized, we started talking about the wedding. All the details that had to be organized were sending me into an organization frenzy. Luthor tried to talk me into eloping, but we decided to quasi-elope, with just a few friends and family.

Which is why we're here, in Indonesia again.

His parents should be here by now, I imagine, and they'll be in their own villa as well. We've met, and I get along with them, but I can't say I'm not nervous about marrying their son. Luthor says not to worry, that we're marrying each other, not our families, so I'm going to trust him and not freak out. Yet. Once I'm walking down that makeshift aisle, seeing the looks on everyone's faces as they figure out this isn't an engagement vacation, but the actual wedding, I may simply implode.

Luthor and I have talked a lot since that night we first said we loved each other. He really meant that part about not thinking he deserved me. He said that ever since he was young, he figured he'd end up with some trophy wife who only loved the wealth, and that he thought he'd feel empty forever. When he got to know me, he realized there was this pit inside him, and the only way for him to fill it was to care about other people. He cared about his staff and his family, but he really felt whole when he fell in love with me.

Fell in love.

I didn't get the chance to declare my love for him in quite so dramatic a way, what with the surprise engagement, but I try to show him every day, even in small ways. We do argue sometimes, as we're both headstrong, independent people, but we never go to sleep or part angry.

Sometimes I have terrible dreams-not often, but everyone gets a nightmare now and then-that we're not together, and I'm sad and lonely and don't know why. Just as I'm waking up, I remember my life, remember that Luthor and I found each other in this big world, and that it was just a dream. That feeling, of going from heartbreak to happiness, is one of my favorite things.

Tonight, we're going to have such a blast. Whether my mother cries or faints, or expected this all along, she's going to flip out when she meets our special guest. We've flown in one of her favorite singers to sing the first dance for us, kicking off the party right after the ceremony. The woman wasn't cheap, and personally I find her music a little melodramatic, but it suits the occasion.

The water has turned off in the bathroom, and here's Luthor now, clad in only a towel, wrapped loosely around his sexy hips. Since the great wax-off, his hair's grown back in, and I love it. I love every inch of him.

He's checking the time now, and telling me we have a little time before the ceremony starts.

"Time for what?" I ask.

He drops the towel and nods for me to come over. At the sight of him, my body prepares to welcome him inside me. My flower begins to throb and ache for him. We just made love a few hours ago, but I hunger for him, as though it's been months.

"Are you sure we have time?" I ask.

"They can't start without us."

"You make a very convincing argument."

He leans his head to the side and gives me an adoring look. "Got you to marry me, didn't I?"

"Not yet, you haven't."

He pulls down the coverlet and sheets on the bed. "Come on over here and let's see you try to resist."

I go to him, without hesitation.

* THE END *

