Part I

Before I met the sexy billionaire Luthor Thorne, and I mean long before, I was just your typical shy girl who masturbated a lot.

Puberty didn't come early for me, but when it did hit, KABOOM.

In those days, my girlfriends and I would have all-girl parties and play those sleepover games-the ones where you ask a Ouija board or a Magic 8 Ball questions, like, "When will I lose my virginity?"

The Ouija board told me I'd be losing mine that summer, which was 2003.

Laura, who was my best friend back then, always asked the Ouija if this guy Lars liked her, which was ridiculous, because Lars liked everyone. He even hit on me a few times, but because Laura was crushing on Lars, I didn't jump at the opportunity to ride his pink Corvette.

We girls would stay up late at night talking about pressing teen matters, such as whether or not having anal sex took away your virginity. We concluded that giving o**l s*x didn't count, any more than eating a hot dog. We decided that if a guy ate you out more than two times, or you'd had anal sex at least once, you couldn't say you were a virgin without clarifying it, with the verbal equivalent of an asterisk, like so:

I'm a virgin.*

*In the sense that my vagina is a virgin.

All the talk about sex usually got me worked up, and I tried to keep my hands above the sheets, but as soon as the lights went out at the sleepovers, it was party time. As the other girls slept, I'd be rubbing out a nice, blossoming orgasm to help me get through the night peacefully.

I loved the feeling I got right after an orgasm, like I was SuperGirl, and nothing was going to get me down. Those moments offset the pain of being untouchable by boys.

Untouchable? Yes.

I wasn't one of those girls who said she was "such a loser" just because she knew a few internet memes. I had acne, crooked front teeth thanks to some overeager wisdom teeth coming in (three wisdom teeth in total, go figure), and I wore glasses before glasses were hip. My mother did the best she could for the two of us, but I had to pay for dermatologist visits out of my own pocket, and my pocket was tiny.

Because the town in Ohio that I grew up in was so small, everyone went to the same high school. None of the appealing guys, rich or poor or in between, showed any interest in little spot-covered Lexie Ross, and that was the extent of my possible dating pool.

Lucky for me, I had a vivid imagination. I had this recurring fantasy that was a mix of Disney's Cinderella and the movie She's All That. Who needed a real-life boyfriend when you could close your eyes and have Freddie Prinze, Jr.'s sensitive fingers down your panties? He knew how to touch that sensitive little nub of mine just right. I had some little tubes of men's cologne samples, and I'd dab a bit onto my pillow so I could smell my dream man as he gave me an expensive department-store makeover, then fingered me. Daily and nightly and ever-so-rightly.

The five of us who were all best friends had one big all-girl party not long before graduation from high school. The mood was bitter-sweet, because some of us would be heading off to college in the fall, and we all knew things would change. A few of us already had boyfriends, but we'd specifically banned them from our party.

We were at Laura's house, because her family had a huge recreation room, and her parents were so exhausted from chasing after her much-younger brother and sister that they usually crashed early and we could do whatever we wanted.

Laura was the oldest of the bunch-nineteen-but she was still in the twelfth grade because she'd repeated the eighth grade. She was as smart as anyone I knew, but her mother had gone into a terrible post-partum depression after one of the younger kids' birth, and Laura stayed home to help both her parents. She was an amazing person, and she deserved better than Lars, which was what people kept telling her, but you can't reason with a crush.

We baked some brownies to cover the smell from hot-knifing hash on the electric stove, and drank her father's Coors Light from the garage, made cold with the addition of frozen fruit chunks.

My hormones were at an all-time horny high, I think because I was due to get my period in a day or two. We talked all night about sex, including Renee's first time. The girl gave us so much good detail, I felt like they were in the room with us, him sucking her ni**les and trailing his tongue down her stomach, then diving into her muffin and mowing down. Renee's face took on a rapturous expression that filled me with envy.

Oral sex confounded me. I could imagine what a boy's fingers would feel like, because I also had fingers, but lips and a tongue? Would you feel the teeth? Would you feel like you were literally being eaten?

As a party with booze and drugs usually does, this one escalated, and we found ourselves in Laura's bathroom, daring each other to do bikini waxing. Laura had tons of waxing supplies, and at first we were shy and reserved, pulling our panties into the middle to access the sides of our bikini zones, but as more and more hair came away, the panties came right off.

After seeing so much airbrushed p**n , was it ever a relief to see other girls' real-life labia. There were dangly ones and chubby ones and uneven ones and even color variation. We giggled, compared, and were supportive of each other in a way that would have made Oprah proud.

Our giggle session was punctuated by shrieks as we ripped off hair that had never been waxed before.

I ended up going the furthest of the girls, waxing every last kinky hair, including the ones around my butt, "just to be thorough."

Renee gave me an admiring look. "You're going to get so much oral," she said. "Wait 'til the guys find out."

We were all so busy giggling and using damp wash cloths to remove the remainder of the sticky wax, we didn't notice Renee sneaking off to make a phone call.

After there was nothing left to wax, we returned to the rec room in our pajamas. We were trying to decide what movie to watch, and I got a phone call, which struck me as odd, since everyone I knew was in the room with me. I ignored the call and let it go to voicemail. It's funny nowadays, with all the text messaging and people sending photos, but this was just long enough ago, and I'm just old enough, that we weren't yet sending texts with our phones. We weren't even using Facebook yet! If I'd been born a few years later, I could have been ignored by hotties in so many more technology-driven ways.

When my phone rang the second time, everyone stopped talking and told me to answer it.

Renee had such a weird look on her face, I figured she was playing a joke on me.

I answered the phone, and the male voice on the other line said, "I hear you waxed your beaver."

"What?"

"Your beaver. Your pu**y. Your... vagina."

"Who is this?"

"Lars. Come and meet me. I'm at the playground, by the swings."

I looked around at my girlfriends. Laura had a crush on Lars, and they were always talking at school. They'd made out a few times, but they weren't officially together.

Lars was popular with the guys, but just skeevy enough that he didn't get my panties wet. Until that night. When I heard his growling voice on the phone.

My pulse raced with excitement. Oh, my body certainly wanted to meet him by the swings and let him touch my smooth pu**y, but I didn't want to betray my friend, so I said no and hung up.

Laura narrowed her eyes at me. "That was Lars, wasn't it?"

"I'm sorry, Laura. I don't know how he got my number. He wanted me to go meet him at the playground, but I'm not going. Obviously."

She downed her glass of beer and popped the chunks of semi-thawed fruit into her mouth.

"You should go," she said. "I'm not getting anywhere with him. Maybe if he hooks up with you, he'll get this whole player thing out of his system."

The other three girls were quiet, eyes darting back and forth between the two of us. Renee had a guilty look, but I couldn't figure out at the time what she was up to.

"I won't go," I said, even as my pu**y tingled with excitement. Lars was a jerk, but he was a good-looking jerk. He wasn't dissimilar to Freddie Prinze Jr. if you squinted. His skin was more of a cocoa brown, compared to Freddie's, but he did have thick eyebrows and gorgeous, dark eyes. One of his front teeth overlapped the others, like a vampire tooth, giving him a predatory look.

"Go and be mean to him," Laura said.

Renee whistled. "That is a perfect idea. Make him give you an orgasm, and then don't do anything for him. Give him blue balls."

Squirming in my seat at the end of Laura's couch, I said, "I can't go. I'm in my pajamas."

I had on loose, drawstring flannel bottoms and a thin white tank top over black bra and panties.

"Just go," Laura said, her lips twisting up in a devious grin. "And don't forget to give him blue balls."

I resisted the girls, but I didn't try that hard. Lars was perfect for a hook-up, because I didn't have feelings for him, so he couldn't jerk me around.

A few minutes later, I had my shoes on, and I was sneaking out the back patio door, then jogging down the street to meet a boy in the park. I phoned to tell him I was on my way, and we were still talking on the phone when I spotted him in the park, on the merry-go-round.

"You look cute," he said, and I thanked the moonlight for that.

"You're not going to bite me with your vampire tooth, are you?"

"Maybe. Let me see something." He gently removed my glasses and pulled away the tie holding my hair back. "Damn. You look good, girl. Why don't you wear your hair down?"

I shrugged.

"Wear it down, Lexie."

"Fine. I guess I will from now on."

The park was completely empty, the whole town seemingly asleep. I stepped onto the merry-go-round next to him and gave it a push to start revolving. The well-oiled equipment didn't even squeak.

Lars put my glasses in his back pocket, then pulled me into him and kissed me, right on the lips, no warning whatsoever.

His mouth tasted like he'd just eaten Caesar salad, but after a moment, it wasn't so bad. His tongue felt nice on my lips, and the stubble around his mouth felt like sandpaper. I'd read about "tickling whiskers," in books, but there was nothing ticklish about it.

Lars groaned and pressed his h*ps against mine, pinning me against one of the handrails on the revolving merry-go-round. Was that his dick? It felt hard, but not as hard as a cell phone. Dick or cell phone, I enjoyed him pressing that rigid lump into me.

I got into the rhythm of his powerful tongue movements and gave him a few of my own. My whole body was getting warmer and warmer, like the kissing was causing a fever.

He stopped thrashing his tongue in my mouth for a moment and pulled back. "Is it true you waxed your whole pu**y? You got a Brazilian?"

"Maybe, maybe not."

"Lexie, would it be okay if I kissed you?"

"You are kissing me." I shivered just then, noticing the temperature of the air changing. It had been a hot, early summer evening when I'd left Laura's house, but now I could feel those Ohio storm clouds gathering and the wetness in the air.

"Not just kissing your mouth." He smiled a crooked smile, that one vampire tooth catching in the moonlight. His thick, dark, Freddie-Prinze-like eyebrows raised, and his golden brown eyes brimmed with bad-boy mischief. A girl would have to be a nun to resist those charms.

I reached up and patted his cropped, dark hair, full of tight curls. I imagined feeling that hair moving down my body, then his mouth at that special place between my legs, and I shivered again, but for a different reason.

"Just kissing," he said. "I want to kiss you all over."

"Okay, but my underwear stays on."

He seemed surprised that I'd agreed. "Where should we go?"

"Nothing wrong with right here," I said, matching his smile.

I got down onto the metal surface of the merry-go-round, and I quickly slipped off my flannel pajama pants and spread them out beneath me.

"You are wild, Lexie!" He shuffled over to give the muddy ground a few more kicks, and once the merry-go-round was spinning, he got down on his hands and knees above me, his face above my crotch. We shifted around so that his head was close to the center of the merry-go-round, but mine was further out, where the motion was pleasantly dizzying.

He looked wolfish as he hunched over my body, his T-shirt tight to his lean body.

As his face descended between my legs, I closed my eyes, unable to watch.

I felt warmth on my mound. His mouth. He exhaled onto my panties, and it felt better than anything I could have even imagined. I'd given myself a lot of pleasure over the last few years, but this was different. I didn't even like Lars, but I was starting to have feelings of gratitude, and... tingles. My lord, the tingles. They don't tell you about that in Sex Ed classes, or about how every cell in your body screams MORE OF THIS, PLEASE.

He murmured, speaking directly to my pu**y, "I can tell you're all na**d and hairless under there. I can feel the smooth skin through your little panties. I can feel all your contours, and I just want to lick you and devour you and make you come." He moaned and gave my aching, swollen mound another kiss through my panties, his strong tongue much more welcome down there than on my mouth.

He did start licking then, his saliva combining with my juices until my panties were as wet as a swimsuit. There were some sounds in the distance, like animals howling or moaning.

The gentle stimulation was bringing me close to orgasm, but not quite over the ridge. If I'd been working my cl*t myself, I would have come already in that amount of time, but now that I was experiencing a different way of being stimulated, I realized how wonderful the buildup was. The anticipation. All the tingles that radiated through my body. MORE, PLEASE.

Lars said, "You make such crazy noises!"

I realized the moans were coming from my mouth and immediately stopped.

"Don't stop vocalizing, baby," Lars said. "That's the sweetest music to my ears."

Drops of rain pattered down on the metal surface around me. We were still rotating, albeit very slowly, but now it was raining, and between the rain on my hot skin, the motion, and the licking on my pu**y, I almost started to cry from the intensity. Everything was too much, too hot and heavy and soon-too much Lars, but I wanted more.

Lars said, "I'm just gonna pull your panties to the side for a minute. They're getting in the way."

"Yeah," I panted. "They're totally in the way."

He pulled the fabric to the side, and this time when he licked my hot, throbbing nub, it felt like the first time I'd ever been truly touched.

I moaned in ecstasy and arched my back.

He drove his tongue between my folds, growling in pleasure as he did so, the vibrations of his voice rippling through me. His tongue thrashed at my clit, tantalizing me, easing off just when I was about to explode.

The rain came down harder, soaking us and bringing me to the knife-edge of shivering.

Now Lars was moving around too much, moving up to kiss my stomach or down to my inner thighs, and other boring things that were not my damn clit.

I grabbed him by the back of his head and guided him to where I wanted. "Like that," I said as he circled my cl*t with the tip of his tongue.

"Harder," I said, and he complied.

My pulse pounded at my throat, my heart racing.

"Just like that and don't stop," I said, letting his head go.

He murmured into my muff, "Pull my ears."

I couldn't understand, over the sound of the rain pounding down around my head, so I spread my legs wider.

He pushed himself in deeper, so I could feel his stubbled chin against my slit, then repeated, louder, "Pull my ears."

I grabbed onto his ears tentatively, and found that I could use them to guide him to the right spot. I eased him up just a fraction of an inch, and suddenly he was completely on my clit, the whole thing on fire and engorged beneath his tongue.

I clung to his ears desperately, and he licked and sucked in the exact perfect way.

The rain and the stars and the merry-go-round disappeared, blacked right out, and my body shuddered with orgasm. Lights flashed behind my eyes: blue, green, white.

I gasped for breath, overwhelmed by bliss I'd never imagined.

The next sound I made was not a moan, but a squeaking laugh.

My inner walls were still pulsating from the strength of the orgasm, and I felt good, but the pleasure of Lars and his amazing tongue were quickly turning ticklish, as my cl*t became too sensitive to touch.

I released his ears and used my feet to push myself back and away from him, folding my legs back together.

I reached down to pull my underwear back closed over my pu**y, and was shocked for a moment by the lack of pubic hair. Then I really started to laugh.

Lars looked up at me with glowering eyes. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing," I said, getting hold of myself. "I guess it's a tension-breaker laugh."

"Oh." He sat cross-legged, leaning back against one of the handrails. "Do you think I did a good job?"

"That was amazing." I eyed the bulge in his jeans, wondering if I ought to offer to do something about it. I'd already come, though, and felt like I was floating above everything. I'd probably be interested in sex again, at some point, but not at that moment. Lars looked younger and skinnier now than before, maybe because he was sopping wet from the rain.

"Was there anything you'd change?" he asked.

The rain had let up, but I was already soaked and just starting to shiver. I wanted Lars to hold me, but I also didn't. "I wouldn't change a thing, unless you wanted to maybe try for somewhere indoors?" I retrieved my flannel pajama bottoms and pulled them back on.

"Do you want to try that, sometime? Indoors?" He glanced over to the swings that were at a standstill. "Or maybe on a swing?"

"I'm not really looking for a boyfriend," I lied. "And I think Laura likes you."

He got a sweet smile, a few dimples showing up on his cheeks. "Yeah, but she's innocent. I don't think she's into sex, you know? She sure wouldn't let me eat her out on a merry-go-round."

I nodded to one side. "True, but I don't think many girls would."

"Do you wanna just hook up sometimes?"

I grinned and hugged my knees to my chest. "I wouldn't want to ruin tonight by trying to make it happen again."

He raised his eyebrows, speechless for a moment.

"This has been really nice," I said. "I should get back to the sleepover before they come looking for me."

He gazed off in the direction of Laura's house.

He said, "Hey, don't tell her, okay?"

"She knows I'm here."

"Right." He grinned. "Then tell her I'm really great at oral."

"And spoil the surprise?"

He laughed. "You're right." He got to his feet and handed me back my glasses. "Lexie, you're really hot. You need to walk around like you know you're hot, because it's a waste for you to always have your shoulders hunched up like you're trying to be invisible."

At his suggestion, I dropped my shoulders and rolled them back, opening up my chest, even though my white shirt was soaked and revealing my black bra.

"Yeah, like that," he said.

Just then, the merry-go-round came to a complete stop, with a tight squeak.

We both stepped off, and he walked me back to Laura's house, kicking at loose pebbles in lieu of conversation.

Back inside the warm house, the girls turned off the movie and gathered around me, demanding details.

I wrapped my wet self in a big towel, pausing to fuss with my hair because I knew I had to make a choice.

"We mainly just talked about Laura," I said. "He really likes her."

It was a lie by omission. Apparently I was a good liar, because all but Renee looked satisfied with that, and we went back to watching our movie.

I felt different, though. Changed. I couldn't wipe the big grin off my face.

The next week at school, I didn't feel like such a dork. I didn't become insta-popular, but I was twenty to forty percent less dorky.

My skin either got better, or my attitude improved enough that I saw the few small dots for what they were-just a couple of dots. The same as everyone at school had.

I got over my fear of putting bits of plastic on my eyeballs, and started wearing my contact lenses and makeup instead of glasses. I wore my hair down instead of tied back, and ten times a day I reminded myself not to hunch up my shoulders.

When I walked through the halls, I imagined that I had a Mona Lisa smile on my face. I had a secret.

I hadn't told a single soul about Lars pleasuring me in the rain on the merry-go-round. He was macking on Laura, so he hadn't breathed a word, either. I'd had that rare opportunity to do something skanky and fun without becoming the week's gossip object at school.

I felt worldly and experienced, but I was still a virgin.*

*In the sense I had never touched an actual penis.**

**This particular definition wouldn't apply to lesbians, of course.

Was I looking forward to touching a real penis?

You bet I was.

Part II

The remainder of my high school career, all three weeks of it, was (sadly) penis-free.

My mother was beyond thrilled I'd gotten a scholarship to help offset the cost of going to college in the fall, and I was happy I'd be heading out of town and towards a penis. Oh, and a boyfriend, of course. But mostly the penis.

All the good summer jobs in town were taken, and my only option for earning some cash was babysitting for less than minimum wage. I turned down the job, but every day I couldn't find something better, I felt the pain of regret.

Worse, my mother was going through some sort of uterus-related thing and was a nightmare to be around. I loved my mom, and we'd always been close, but her hot flashes made me want to kill myself. She was always on the edge of a meltdown, her energy as tense as a stretched wire. The sound of her voice clawed inside my head like an angry cat in heat-a cat that regretted its life choices and was also trying to lose ten pounds.

I made the mistake of suggesting my mother might enjoy the natural stress-relief of having grown-up relations with a gentleman friend, and the next day I found my bags packed for me.

"Carridee has a job for you," she said.

Carridee was one of my mother's oldest friends, and she lived in a town even smaller than our own, up in Vermont. She had a whole brood of kids, mostly girls, and I figured the job was being her nanny. Babysitting didn't seem beneath me anymore, especially if it got me out of the house.

I got on the bus, and when I showed up in Vermont, I was surprised to find the job wasn't babysitting at all, but cleaning cabins for tourists and rich people.

I was happy for all of five minutes.

Then she told me how little I'd be getting paid to scrub other people's toilets, and it made spending the summer running errands for my hormone-crazed mother seem like a day at the spa.

I spent the entire month of July cleaning rental cabins and cottages.

Cabins and cottages, you ask? Yes. What's the difference? I'll tell you!

They are almost interchangeable terms, but cabins are usually made of wood and not insulated for winter living. A cottage is basically a house, made of any material, but its remote location makes it a cottage and not a house.

When you're trying not to breathe in other people's pubic hairs while pulling dirty sheets off a bed, you have lots of time to think about such matters.

I also spent way too much time thinking about sex-namely, all the sex I wasn't having.

Because I was working on my own, I fell into a daily routine of hustling my ass to get all my cleaning done as quickly as possible, then doing dirty things to myself. You know how Pavlov's dogs were trained to drool at the ring of a bell, expecting to be fed? I got that way about expensive linens with a high thread count. I'd unfold those Egyptian Cotton sheets and run my fingers along the fold lines, getting wet with anticipation for later running my fingers through my own pink folds.

In August, Carridee got a new contract, for a cabin that was quite a ways from town. Her husband Richard bought us one of those four-wheeled, all-terrain vehicles to drive to and from the cabin along a trail.

This cabin was quite a bit larger than the others, and you passed through a tight mudroom before entering the main space, which made the vaulted ceiling and chandelier with antlers seem even more grand.

The only thing wrong with the place was the outdated kitchen, but by the look of the wood and tile samples on the counter, that was about to get renovated. I looked over the designer drawings and imagined I was the cabin's rich lady owner, picking my favorite finishings. I chose rich, dark wood for the cabinets and a creamy marble for the counters.

As I swept up the floors and dusted all the light switches, I looked around for clues about the owner. I found men's shaving cream in the bathroom, but nothing else, so that mystery didn't last long.

What kind of man was he?

I opened the closet in the master bedroom and sucked in my breath. The closet looked like a men's clothing store-a fancy one. I carefully pulled out one crisp, pinstriped shirt and lay it on the bed. By the shape of the shirt, the guy wasn't fat or thin or super tall or short, but right in the middle. The wardrobe had a lot of colors, so that meant he wasn't old, unless he was stylish (by which I mean g*y.)

Something made a scratching noise, and I jumped in alarm. It seemed to be a tree branch on the window, but I listened carefully to make sure I was still alone. The cleaning clients usually chose to be out during my visits, but this was a new place, and I had no idea what to expect. The man could come home at any moment.

I took off my T-shirt and shivered in just my bra and shorts. What was I doing? I was shocked by my behavior, but not enough to stop myself.

I picked up the man's shirt and pulled it on over my warm skin. The fabric was crisp and firm, yet comfortable, like your favorite sheets right after laundry day.

With the shirt on, still unbuttoned, I unzipped my jean shorts and stepped out of them. I found a full-length mirror along one wall and admired myself, chewing one fingertip and giving myself a seductive look, my dark bangs falling over one eye.

"I like your shirt," I murmured. "You don't mind if I borrow it, do you?"

My reflection gave me a lascivious look that surprised me.

"I really enjoy ha**ng s*x with you."

My hands dove down, between my legs, over my panties, and I dragged my fingertip over that sensitive area. My nub was swollen within its fleshy surrounds.

"Let's do it again," I said. "Put your big c**k in my mouth and then jam it in my pu**y."

I giggled at my first attempt of out-loud dirty talk. How did people say that stuff with a straight face? People on p**n o sets must be laughing their asses off half the time.

I rubbed my cl*t some more, aware that I was probably crinkling the fabric of the shirt around the armpits, but the heat started to build, and I didn't want to stop.

The bed was right there, so I climbed in on the rumpled sheets, breathing in deeply to take in the scent of this unseen, unknown man.

The sheets were almost as heavenly as the shirts, and smelled of the same detergent-lavender. I grabbed all the pillows and piled them together to form a body shape, then I rolled on top, on my stomach. I stuck my hand down my panties, drove my finger through my slick juices, then did that perfectly natural, calorie-free thing we all do, when we're alone and horny. I humped those pillows.

When I was done, I buried the crisp shirt at the bottom of the dirty laundry hamper and put on my own boring clothes.

I wanted to have a nap in that luxurious bed, but I didn't want to risk a Goldilocks-and-the-Three-Bears type situation, so I got to work cleaning the cabin.

My next visit to the luxury cabin, the owner was still not home, but I found something he'd left for me.

A plate of freshly-baked cookies sat on the counter, along with a note:

Dear housekeeper, please help yourself. DSW

I ran my finger over the note, transfixed by the handwriting. The loops were confident. The capital letters were enormous. The note seemed so casual, and yet it was on an index card, like the kind you might find in a box of your grandmother's recipes. Why not a Post-It Note?

The index card reminded me of Alice in Wonderland, with the neat little cards that read Eat Me or Drink Me. Who set out those notes for Alice, anyway?

I did a little more snooping this time, mostly in the second upstairs bedroom, where the cabin's owner had a desk set up. The computer was on, but protected by a password. I typed in the word password, but the computer beeped at me. I tried password1234 next, and giggled at my stupidity when I got the inevitable beep.

"Lexie, don't be bad," I told myself in the quiet, empty cabin.

"But being good is so boring," I replied.

I pulled open the desk's right-hand drawer and found a dozen still-wrapped packages of index cards. I yanked open the left-hand drawer and found more cards, only these ones were written on, in the same tidy, sexy handwriting.

The cards said things like:

Act I - Crime is more complicated than it first appeared. Secrets? Something dark in Dunham's past?

Chapter 3 - Subplot A is introduced. Love interest? Redhead? Young or old?

I wanted to keep reading the index cards, but my conscience and sense of propriety finally started doing their job, so I stuck everything back in the drawer, careful of the arrangement.

Cleaning went quickly that day, as my head was in the clouds the whole time, thinking about detective novels and movies, and wondering what the initials DSW stood for. My cell phone didn't have internet browsing, but I planned to look on the shared computer at Carridee's house as soon as I got back, if I could drag all her kids away from their games.

After I finished cleaning the cabin, I stripped off my clothes and locked the door of the master bathroom so I could take a shower. I tied my hair up carefully, so that if the owner got home while I was in there, I'd say I was just cleaning the shower and must have locked the door out of habit when I was taking a bathroom break.

The shower had all these wonderful different spray attachments, and I was curious about the removable wand. I changed the spray to pulse and held it so it sprayed directly onto my pu**y. Since the party at Laura's house, I hadn't kept up the full Brazilian waxing, so my hair was coming in, but fine, and I enjoyed the innocent look of that area.

The soft, pulsing water reminded me of my sole experience with a boy, when I'd been licked to cl**ax by Lars. In the soft, summer rain.

I closed my eyes and remembered the merry-go-round gently turning, and the rain coming down, feeling like it might steam off my hot skin. I cl**axed surprisingly fast, gasping in pleasure. I kept the water trained in the same spot and was rewarded by a second and then a third orgasm, in rapid succession.

"That was... interesting," I said as I put the spray wand back in place.

Did everyone do that with removable spray wands in the shower? Did people know about this?

I did a quick mental checklist of showers. We certainly didn't have one of those at my house, or I would have tripled our water bill. There was no magic massaging wand at Carridee's house, but there were a few at the better cabins.

My knees were shaking when I stepped out of the shower, and I let out a nervous laugh to break my own tension. I couldn't use one of the cabin's towels, as I didn't want to be found out, so I squeezed the water off my body by hand, and finished drying myself off with some clean rags from my housekeeper's kit.

After I got dressed again, I went downstairs and ate all the cookies.

I was already out the door of the cabin when I had an idea, so I ran back in and wrote on the note DSW had left me:

Thank you for the yummy cookies! They were so good.

I stared at my lumpy handwriting beneath his. My handwriting had no confidence. And I'd used the word yummy. I was eighteen, not twelve, so what was that all about?

I put the pen down and started to leave again, but doubled back and added a question to the note, so that the conversation might continue:

Did you bake the cookies yourself?

On my next visit, he'd left a brand-new index card, along with different cookies.

Dear housekeeper, I hope you like gingersnaps. Yes, I made them myself. What is your name? I might name a character after you, if you don't mind. I'm writing my first detective novel, in case you're wondering. DSW.

So that explained why I hadn't been able to figure out his name-this was his first novel, and he wasn't published yet.

I cleaned the cabin, then put on one of his shirts and got started on myself in the bedroom, finishing in the magnificent shower.

These notes went on for several visits, and I'd built DSW up in my mind so much, that when I arrived at the cabin one day toward the end of summer, I was horrified to find someone was there. Horrified. I had to sit on a bench in the mudroom and put my head between my knees to get my breathing under control.

Our notes had started off innocent, but things had taken a turn for the flirty. My cleaning frequency had been increased to multiple times per week. The cabin wasn't that messy, with only one person staying there, and I suspected the owner was paying to have me come by and write him notes.

Here's how it went:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

DSW: Lexie. That's a pretty name, and it rhymes with the word sexy. Are you sexy, Lexie? Do people call you Sexy Lexie?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Me: Only sarcastically. I could be sexy if I wanted to, maybe. I have long legs, and I guess some guys like that.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

DSW: I like long legs. I like everything. I'm not married, by the way. I hope you don't mind, but sometimes I think about you...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Me: You have really nice clothes. I bet you're cute. I already know that you have blond hair, because I saw it on the brush in the bathroom. I've never had a boyfriend. Ever. I'm eighteen, by the way, and this is just my summer job. I'm not going to be a housekeeper forever.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

DSW: Lexie, I found your last note extremely disappointing! Here I was hoping you were about sixty years old, with crooked, gray teeth, and a shitty attitude about life and men. How am I supposed to get any writing done when I'm thinking about you?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Me: You could split up your day and only think about me half the time. I'm wearing a really cute outfit today. It's a shame you aren't here to see it. The skirt is super short and when I lean over to pick things up, you could probably see my panties.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

And that was the last note exchanged.

So you can probably understand why I was so nervous about seeing the guy. He was probably old and ugly, and I was going to have a very uncomfortable talk with him, where I let him down gently. Or-and this seemed unlikely, but still terrifying-what if he wouldn't take no for an answer? Carridee knew where I was, but she wasn't there to stop anything.

He called out, "Lexie?"

I put on my brave face, over top of my scared-shitless body, and walked into the cabin. I'd worn the same short skirt that day, and I tugged at the hem, scared to make eye contact with DSW.

"I'm David," he said, reaching out his palm.

His hand didn't look old and gross, or rape-y, so I shook it.

My gaze roamed up from his hand, along a well-muscled arm covered in gold hairs, to a shoulder, and then the bottom dropped out of my world as I was sucked into sapphire-blue eyes.

My mouth went completely dry, and I could barely choke out my own name.

"Lexie. Nice to meet you."

"Finally," he said, his eyebrows moving in a playful way.

"You're not old."

"I'm older than you."

I tore myself away from those beautiful eyes and stared down at my hands, one twisting within the other.

My voice squeaked as I said, "I guess I should start cleaning, right?"

"How are you at typing?"

"What?" I had to replay his question a few times in my head, because I hadn't been expecting anything like that. "About seventy words a minute. I can go faster, but I make a lot of mistakes."

I looked up as he smiled, and I noticed some things about him besides his eyes. He had a sexy nose, long and straight with a pointed tip. His lips were full, and his broad chin had one of those superhero dimples in it. His hair was thick and long, tied back in a ponytail. So that explained the super-long hairs I'd found in his bed. I'd suspected those hairs were left by a girlfriend, but apparently they weren't.

As for his age, he was definitely a man-early thirties, and certainly not a boy-but he didn't seem that old. Too old for me, though.

"You won't be cleaning today," he said.

"Oh."

"Come on. We both know the cabin doesn't need cleaning today. It's still spotless from the last dozen times you were here. What else are you good at?"

I stammered and looked at my hands.

"Lexie. What else can you do?"

"I'm very organized. Last summer, I worked at a store, and I came up with a whole new system for organizing the stock room."

"That's all very admirable, but I don't need a professional organizer. Like I mentioned, I could use some help typing. My fingers distract me when I'm writing. I think one thing and my fingers type something else. I swear they're trying to sabotage me. I was thinking that maybe if you typed while I dictated, I might be able to get somewhere with this novel."

"The detective novel?"

He grinned, his smile lighting up the whole room, and my heart. I'd had crushes before, on guys at school and on movie stars, but this guy, David, ran laps around my beloved Freddie Prinze Jr.

I agreed to try typing for him, because I figured my time was already paid for, and it sounded like more fun than cleaning. I tried to put the flirty notes out of my mind and ignore his intense gaze on the hem of my little skirt.

Upstairs in the bedroom set up as an office, I sat in a hard-backed chair facing the computer monitor, and David sat next to me. He immediately started explaining the gist of the novel to me. Some of the elements were familiar, because I'd taken more than a few peeks at the index cards in the drawer, but finally he noticed the blank expression on my face and said, "Lost you, haven't I?"

"How about we just start wherever you are, and I can take the previous part home to read and get up to speed?"

"But I haven't written anything down."

"Not a word?"

He blinked, those blue eyes captivating me once more, sending a buzzing excitement down my spine like a mouse on the run, ending up trapped between my legs. I could feel myself swelling for him, swelling in anticipation of pleasure, which was my own damn fault, for training myself to associate the whole cabin with multiple orgasms.

He said, "It's basically all outlined and in my head. I can see it happening, like a movie."

"Then you should write a screenplay."

He got a grumpy look.

On the computer, I pulled open a new document and started creating a title page-something we'd just covered in school before I'd graduated.

I asked David, "What's your full name?"

"That's part of the problem." His face got even grumpier, frown lines on his forehead and his sexy lips protruding.

My spirits, which had been high, plummeted, flattened by how difficult this typing business was proving to be. In the minute of silence that followed, I actually fantasized about cleaning. Scrubbing toilets would be less painful than bearing witness to this man's writer's block.

"David Smith Wittingham," he said.

I typed the name on the page.

"But there's another David," he said. "Not the exact same last name as me, but it's close enough to be confusing. He writes detective stories, too, so I have to come up with a whole new name."

I moved the cursor and deleted David.

He grimaced. "Can't. My detective character's first name is Smith."

"So?"

"People will think I'm an egotistical prick, with this super-smart, handsome, stud of a detective who bears my first name. Ever heard of the term authorial insert?"

I giggled. "Insert?"

He crossed his arms and rested his sexy, dimpled chin on one fist.

"We'll just run with it," he said. "I'll think of something better later. Maybe Sven. Or Carter. Or Humphrey."

I put in a hard page return and cleared my throat. "I'm going to start calling you Smith now, so you can see how that feels."

His gaze wandered down from my eyes, past my chin, then to my br**sts, my waist, and my crotch. His nostrils flared, and I wondered if he was smelling me, taking in the scent of my hair gel and perfume.

I could smell him, faintly musky, or was it just my imagination? I wondered what his skin smelled like, or what he'd do if I just leaned over and put my lips on his neck.

His voice low and gravelly, a different tone from his speaking voice, he said, "It was a dark and stormy night."

I typed the words.

He snorted. "Delete that, it's just a joke."

I scratched my head in what I hoped was an adorable way. "Yeah, that sounded a little familiar. Isn't that how all Snoopy's stories begin?"

He raised his eyebrows. "You're a Peanuts fan?"

"Of course. Nobody captures the pathos of being a child quite like Schultz."

Smith uncrossed his arms and stood from his chair. "I want that. I want for people to say something beautiful like that about my work some day."

I pointed to the blank page.

"Very well then." He began to pace the room behind me, and in the low, serious voice again, he gave me a new opening line. It was better than the dark and stormy night line, but not by much. The story began with someone banging on Detective Smith Dunham's door while he was pleasuring a lady who was also his client. She had really big br**sts, and we spent a good paragraph describing them.

After a while, I got drawn into the story, and Smith (I had already stopped thinking of him as David or DSW) picked up speed. I felt like I was in a trance as the words flowed through me.

After two straight hours of typing, we stopped, and found I'd typed four thousand words.

Smith seemed shocked.

"Is that a lot?" I asked.

"Stephen King says he writes two thousand a day."

"So... you're twice as good as Stephen King."

Smith laughed, hard. "You're killing me, Lexie. I strive to be at least half as good as King."

"Absolutely not," I said, adopting the serious tone of one of my favorite teachers. "It's far better to aim high and fall short than aim low and succeed."

Smith stopped laughing. "That's the most depressing thing I've ever heard. Lexie! Is that from a motivational poster or something?"

"Maybe." Yes it was. It had been on a large poster in my homeroom throughout twelfth grade, and I'd stared at the words and the soaring birds often.

He shook his head. "There's nothing wrong with lofty goals, or modest goals. So long as you live with hope and take chances, you succeed." He threw his hands in the air and waved his arms over his head wildly. "Woohoo! Party time! I wrote the whole first chapter thanks to my new friend."

I chuckled, still sitting on my chair. He was being very silly for a grown-up man.

Breathing heavily, his cheeks pink, he said, "Dance with me!"

He clicked something on the computer to turn on some music, and he hauled me to my feet.

The song was "Fell in Love with a Girl," by The White Stripes, and Smith's dance moves were unlike anything I'd seen before or since.

I tried to match his frenetic energy, waving my hands over my head, and after a moment, I stopped worrying about how silly I looked, and I threw myself into it.

He grabbed me by the hands, and we twirled around, then he spun me and dipped me. With his strong arm behind my back, he dipped me low to the ground. I gazed into his sapphire eyes, electrified by his hands on my body, and something took hold of me.

When he pulled me back up again, I threw my arms around his shoulders and brought my face to his. I didn't kiss him.

The song changed to "Cry Me a River" by Justin Timberlake, and we continued to sway, slow-dancing, our faces inches apart.

His arms encircled my waist, and he pulled me in tight. There was something in his pants, and it was way too big to be a cell phone. I ground my h*ps against his, enjoying the feeling of him against my body, and then, finally, when I thought I was going to die if he didn't kiss me, he did.

His lips fell on mine like ripe peaches coming off a tree, and when I parted my lips, I found he tasted as remarkable as he looked. His hot breath billowed like steam on my face, and I needed his tongue in my mouth like I needed his c**k inside me.

He pulled away. "Shower with me."

"What?"

I stood dumbstruck as he unbuttoned his shirt, tossed it aside, and then pulled off his T-shirt.

He was so beautiful with his shirt off, all muscular and golden, with an even tan and a blond trail of hair down the middle of his taut stomach. He dropped his belt, then turned around and removed his trousers and underwear, showing me his butt cheeks, which were also taut and golden. I wanted that ass in my hands, so I followed him as he skipped out of the office, into the master bedroom, past the king-sized bed, and into the luxurious master bathroom.

He got the water running as I undressed myself, moving quickly so I didn't lose my nerve.

I held my arms across my chest as I stepped into the large walk-in shower with him.

As I'd never seen a penis in real life before, much less an erect one, I was understandably shy about looking below the waistline, but I did look, and I didn't have to look far.

There was his cock, thick and reaching up like a strong tree branch you could climb.

Smith kissed my face, lips, and neck, everywhere at once. Heaven found me in the midst of all the warm spray of the shower, my fingertips touching my first cock. It was surprisingly soft and hard at the same time, with the head having some squish at the top, but the shaft being hard just beneath the skin, like wood or bone, which made the names woody and boner make more sense suddenly.

I got to my knees before him and kissed the head, then ran my tongue down the shaft, my face close enough now that I could smell the musk of his skin.

I stopped for a moment to gaze up at him. I considered telling him I'd never given head before, but then decided to just fake it. I'd heard plenty of detail from my friend Laura back home. She'd just started dating Lars officially, and they spent a lot of time together with his c**k in her mouth, by the sound of it.

The water kept coming down, and the heat relaxed me, while the sound of it pattering on the tiles made me think of that exciting night in the park, on the merry-go-round. I put Smith's beautiful c**k in my mouth and started to suck, the movements coming naturally as I focused on enjoying the sensation of his skin against mine.

My hands roamed around, helping at times with the shaft in my mouth, then stroking his muscular legs and reaching between his legs to fondle that other mysterious area, the balls. He groaned with pleasure when I touched them, so I kept doing the things that made his c**k feel harder in my mouth.

With a gasp, he pushed me away.

"Was I biting?"

He pulled me to my feet. "No. Why? Do you bite sometimes?"

I gave him a flirty, bluffing look. "I could."

He chuckled and flashed me that superhero grin. "Not today. I like things soft and gentle, like this. Just nice, normal stuff, you know?"

"No kink?"

"I don't think I'd like that stuff," he said. "What about you?"

"I'm eighteen."

"You certainly are."

He pulled me into him and kissed my mouth and neck while he slid his hand between my legs. With careful fingertips, he parted my swollen lips and massaged the slippery moisture from my slit forward to my nub, which practically jumped into his hand when he touched me there.

I whimpered and sighed into his lips, which made him groan with matching pleasure and finger me a little harder.

He progressed from rubbing my cl*t and swollen lips to gentle penetration, pushing one fingertip inside my opening. I gasped, and he took this as a sign to thrust into me with his thick finger, his palm contacting with my pu**y as he pulsed the finger inside me.

I practically cried, it felt so good to have this beautiful, golden man touching me.

After a moment, he pulled his hand away, and I opened my eyes, surprised this was actually happening, and not just my daydream.

He turned off the water, then gave me the quickest of rub-downs with a fresh towel, and led me out to the bed. We tumbled onto the bed together, kissing while giggling (me) and groaning (him).

After some fumbling, we ended up with me lying on top of him, my legs spread wide around him. I felt something at my opening, and I instinctively pushed down against it.

Oh-so-eloquently, I said, "Oh!"

As he entered me, his face took on the most amazing expression, almost serene.

I gasped a second time, and pushed myself down further on him. He was piercing me, filling me, and it felt so shocking to have something big where nothing was, nothing had been, for my whole life. The thick head of his c**k moved past the reach of the longest fingers, and I thought it couldn't go further in, but it did. My body tensed and then relaxed, the flesh of my pu**y stretching to accommodate his girth. Cautiously, I started to shift my whole body, up and down, so that I was riding him, his c**k moving rhythmically in and out.

His hands were everywhere, but mostly on my ass and hips, encouraging the movement. It didn't feel at all like I'd imagined, all those times I'd humped pillows and other things, but as soon as I stopped thinking, stopped worrying, a tingling sensation enveloped the whole area. He grunted and started to move underneath me, distractingly.

"Hold still," I grunted. "Just for a minute."

"Yes, ma'am."

I got myself lined up and started rocking, our pelvises gliding back and forth on steaming, sweaty skin.

The orgasm started inside me, at the tip of his cock, and flashed out like an explosion. I cried out a bunch of sounds, some of them possibly words, as I came.

The bliss rolled through me as I curled, inhaling and exhaling the fire of pleasure.

No sooner had I floated back from heaven than he rolled us over, and then we really started to f**k.

His face serious, he bucked his h*ps against mine, that thick c**k of his banging into me mercilessly until I shook with a second orgasm, helpless as a tiny boat at sea in a storm.

His rhythm changed, and I felt him grow even stiffer inside me, like granite.

He's going to come, I realized.

I bit my lower lip. Why was I such an idiot? Why hadn't I said anything sooner?

He grunted and thrust in hard.

I blurted out, "I'm not on the pill!"

He pulled back suddenly, a look of anguish on his face.

Now what? He looked as confused as I felt.

My hand was between us, and in my confused state, I grabbed his cock. I may have just been checking that it wasn't still inside me, but Smith groaned and pushed that granite c**k into my hand, everything still slick with our juices.

I pulled on his shaft, like I was milking it, and he held very still, hovering over me with his whole body tense. I kept stroking, not sure if I was doing that part right. I must have been, because he grunted and thrust against my hand as he spurted out all over my stomach.

His c**k was throbbing in my hand, and I just kept stroking as more spurted out on me, like warm rain.

"Mmmmmmmmmm," he said, his face pulling back into a whole-face grin. "Well, that was interesting."

I pinched my face in apology. "Sorry I didn't tell you about the pill thing earlier."

He sighed and rested down on top of my body, sandwiching his fluid between us, which seemed more intimate than anything in that moment.

He stroked my cheek with one hand, then kissed me tenderly.

"Don't apologize," he said. "Never apologize. It was my fault for not asking. Remember that. In a relationship, if anything goes wrong, it's the man's fault."

Relationship? I ran my fingers through his chin-length blond hair, which was getting puffy now without the elastic band.

I gazed up at those blue eyes, as calm as an Ohio lake in the summer. "I can't tell if you're joking or telling me the truth."

"I never lie," he said. "Except in my stories, of course. But even then, I'm not lying as much as you'd think."

I squirmed underneath him, adjusting my neck, and that movement broke the spell.

He blinked, as though waking up from a trance. "I've got to get you cleaned up and on your way," he said.

I didn't want to go. I wanted to stay in his arms forever, and sleep in his bed, and wake up the next morning and make love, then help him type his novel.

But I had to go.

When I got back to Carridee's house, she was pacing, and when she stopped pacing, the interrogation began.

I admitted nothing, but she was a smart lady, and she'd found out there was only one person staying at the cabin. Smith hadn't exactly lied to her, but he had omitted details.

"I am not a madam," Carridee said, her eyes narrowed with anger. "And you are not a junior prostitute, young lady. You're going out on the bus tomorrow, back home to your mother."

"I'm eighteen! You can't tell me what to do!"

"You may be an adult, but I'm your employer, and you're fired."

I had nothing else to argue with, so I stomped off to the room I was sharing with her oldest daughters, and I stayed there until dinnertime.

I ventured out for some food, and Carridee acted as though nothing had happened. "Kids, say goodbye to your Auntie Lexie! She's going back home tomorrow morning. Let her know how much fun you've had with her here."

Callum, the only boy, gave me a hug. "Promise you'll come back someday."

"I don't know if cleaning cabins is my thing," I said, staring at Carridee.

She'd softened since our confrontation in the afternoon. "It really has been a pleasure to have you here," she said. "I have a bit to learn with my business, and I guess I need to be less naive, but you really have done a great job for us."

"Thanks," I said, and then I dug into my food.

The food wasn't even that great, but I wolfed it down like the boy, Callum, did-like I had a "hollow leg."

I guess sex makes you hungry, I thought as a smile curled my lips.

I did return home on the bus the next morning, and in retrospect, I thank my stars did. I was only eighteen, and completely unprepared for a relationship with an older man like Smith.

I would go to college in the fall and have boyfriends. I would fall in love and have my heart broken countless ways. At times I would be jaded about love, keeping people at a distance, and other times, I'd allow them in too close, where they could hurt me.

Through my life, I've had all these wonderful memories of intimate experiences with other people. Sure, many of these experiences were about sex, but not all. Some of these memories were with friends, like the time I got a phone call in the middle of the night from Laura.

We hadn't spoken much in the eight years since high school, though we'd stayed in touch through email and such. She'd been dumped at the altar by Lars, and she was heartbroken. I could have told her about that night on the merry-go-round, and how she deserved better than a player like him, but that wasn't what she needed to hear. So, I listened as she cried and ranted and sobbed and swore, and then when she asked if she should go on her honeymoon alone, I told her she should.

After that phone call, the memory became another charm on the precious bracelet of life-something beautiful that made me who I am.

I regretted not being able to say goodbye to Smith. He went on to become Mr. Big Shot Billionaire Novelist, and there was no way I was going to stand in line at a book signing to see him. The Smith in my memory was the perfect version of him, anyway. For a few days, I worried I might be growing a little Smith inside me, but a week after losing my virginity, I got The Greatest Period Ever. Ladies, if you've been there, you know what I mean.

I'm glad I had two first times (or three, if you count other things), because each one was special in its own way-as special and unique as the people I experienced them with. Even Lars. Who was pretty amazing with his tongue. I still think about that night on the merry-go-round, in the summer rain, and the memory gives me a Mona Lisa smile.

the End

