Part 1: Running Away

David Smith Wittingham

He walked up and down the streets of Montreal, looking in reflective surfaces for signs of David.

At a toy store, superimposed over a display of Legos, he saw Davey, age seven.

David Smith Wittingham's life had taken a dramatic turn three times, though the first was the only one not marked by a name change.

He'd been seven when his father's business took off, and the family prepared to move to a new house and neighborhood, for "security reasons" he couldn't wrap his young mind around.

Davey's parents promised amazing improvements, and it was true that the gifts of toys and new bikes didn't stop, but Davey was still unhappy, because soon another boy would be sleeping in the room with the tree mural his mother had painted. Someone else would take his desk at his school, and someone else would become Stuart's best friend.

Davey tried to run away from home, on his new BMX bike, but he only got as far as the outskirts of town. He was cold and hungry when a police car pulled up alongside him.

When the police brought him home, he found that his mother had been so distraught, she'd popped a blood vessel in her eye. Being so young, he couldn't have known the eye would heal over time. As he stared at that cloud of red in his mother's eye, so bloody and raw, he felt the true weight of guilt for the very first time.

It's all your fault, he told himself in bed that night. You're selfish and ungrateful, just like your father says.

The stinging red marks across his bu**ocks, from his father's belt, were his only comfort. He held his breath and tried not to feel anything.

They moved the next week, and he never saw Stuart or his old classroom again. His teacher hugged him goodbye, but he didn't cry.

At seventeen, a few people were still calling him Davey, but mostly to give him a hard time. There were only two people he'd take it from: his best friend Gunner, and his riding instructor, a woman named Brynn.

Brynn had long, red hair that fell in tight curls that bounced as she rode. When he arrived early for his lesson, which was most of the time, he got to observe Brynn teaching her equestrian vaulting class.

Brynn stood with a long whip in her right hand and a lead line in her left, as a gray Arabian gelding cantered counter-clockwise around her.

The young gymnasts in the club would approach the moving horse along the lead line, match his gait, then grab hold of the surcingle, a padded leather harness buckled tightly behind the horse's front legs. Unlike a saddle, the surcingle had no firm leather seat, but a blanket or pad rested on the horse's mid-back.

With a hop, the girls would fly up onto the horse's back, thanks to the centrifugal force of him cantering in a circle.

Davey's favorite part of watching, though, was when another girl took over keeping the horse on pace and Brynn flew up on the Arabian to demonstrate a scissor-kick or other pose. Once, he'd seen her stand upon the horse's haunches while another girl sat in front for balance.

As the horse circled, its hooves loud upon the dirt ground, and Brynn stood with her arms outstretched, beaming as her red curls bounced, Davey wondered if he'd ever live long enough to see anything more beautiful.

Later that day, when she was giving him his riding lesson, he accidentally hit upon a sore spot in her psyche. Sensing the tug of a bite on his lure, he jiggled the line, pressing Brynn to admit why she'd given up her dream of competing professionally to "babysit a bunch of kids."

They were in the stables, brushing down the horses, the tangy smell of dried sweat in the air, and she let him have it.

"You're an arrogant little prick," Brynn said. "Rich kids like you think you have life all figured out. You think your money is going to get you everything you want, but you're still human, and you're going to f**k up every good thing that happens to you because you know you didn't work for it."

Davey grinned and took it all without a fight, because with the anger making her eyes flash and her cheeks turn pink, Brynn looked more beautiful than ever.

She was twenty-five, eight years older than him, but he was going to seduce her. She wore a ring, from another man, but they weren't yet married.

Homework came easily to Davey, so this would be the first true challenge of his life.

They parried for months, until Davey was eighteen. He was tall and strong, and girls threw themselves at him, but he only wanted Brynn.

She finally gave it up one Saturday, after a riding lesson. He knew from the moment he saw her that day what was going to happen. Instead of her usual loose-fitting, button-down shirt, she wore a scoop-necked top, bright blue, that showed off her freckles and pale skin as it brought out the sky in her eyes.

Brynn took his hand, and he let himself be led, head nodding down like a well-behaved gelding.

They went to a guest cottage on the grounds, where they found their way to a bed.

He made a crass comment about getting charged for an extra lesson.

Brynn pressed her hand to his mouth. "Davey, please don't ruin this with your mouth."

"Call me David."

She began unbuttoning his shirt for him. "Make me."

He pulled her into him, crushing his lips down on hers as he scooped both hands under those round bu**ocks he'd watched for so long.

She pressed hungrily against him. He'd been hard ever since she'd given him the look back at the stable and taken his hand. Now she pressed against his hardness, and he fought the urge to thrust against her, through their clothes, finishing before they started.

Everything happened so quickly. He wanted to take his time, but she seemed nervous about getting caught, or desperate for him, or both.

She pulled her blue shirt off over her head while ordering him to strip. They had barely kissed, and he held her milky-white br**sts in his hands, happy at last.

He kissed her neck as she dug her nails into his bare back, and then they were rolling on the bed.

"Don't look so triumphant," she murmured as he yanked off her boots and pulled down her tight riding pants.

"I should say the same to you. Tsk tsk. Seducing your innocent, young student."

He tugged down her flimsy lace panties and thrust his hand between her white thighs, touching her softness.

"Oh, Davey," she murmured. "I want you so bad. I need you inside me."

He fumbled with his boxer shorts, pulling them the rest of the way off. He retrieved the condom he'd been carrying in his pocket for such an opportunity, and rolled it on.

Brynn spread her legs wide and beckoned him to her, all pale and pink, her tightly curled red hair shaped like a heart.

She was hot inside, like a fever, and he slid in and out in a mix of pleasure and disbelief.

She writhed beneath him, almost as beautiful as when she was furious. As he pumped, pleasuring himself in her slick flesh, he pinched her ass and then ni**les, looking for a reaction. She only panted and moaned, enjoying his touch any way he chose to give it.

He lost focus for one second, distracted by the scent of horses on her skin, and other people on the bed linens, and he came. He bucked and groaned as he released for the first time inside a woman. The orgasm was over too soon, and then he was done.

He pulled away, feeling sheepish. Had she...? She hadn't.

Brynn made eye contact, then glanced down at that sweet place where her thighs met. "David?"

He leaned down on his elbows and got low, kissing that part of her she'd so generously shared. She tasted of sweat, and as he pressed into his work, kissing and licking, the faintly musky scent of her intoxicated him until he was high, so high, and only Brynn calling his name as her muscles pulsed brought him back to the cottage.

He didn't usually smoke, but when Brynn offered a cigarette, he took it. As she smoothed out the rumpled linens on the bed, he smoked, enjoying the lightness the tobacco gave his head.

From the moment they'd sat upright, he'd felt himself falling down, down, down. Not into love. Not yet. Down into something else. Emptiness.

He'd wanted this, but like a child wants a toy, with no concept of the ripples his desire made around him.

Brynn had a life. A fiance. She had plans, and he'd disrupted them. For what? For two seconds of pleasurable squirting he could have accomplished on his own.

Disgusted, he stood in the tiny bathroom of the cottage, ashing the cigarette into the sink, the way he'd seen his father do it countless times.

He took another long drag, the cherry crackling with his inhalation, the smoke hot in the bottom of his lungs.

Brynn came to stand in the doorway behind him, meeting his gaze in the mirror. She had her shirt back on, and her matching blue eyes seemed brighter now.

While David's eyes looked hollow, his brow furrowed with regret, Brynn looked victorious. Magnificent. The winner.

It was at that moment David experienced a different sensation of falling-falling in love.

She grinned. "Such a shame this is just a one-time deal."

He crushed the cigarette in the sink, glancing down to avoid her eyes.

"Was I that bad?" he asked, her taste still on his lips.

She laughed. "You think I'm going to believe I was your first? Oh, honey, you don't think I'm stupid, do you? Silly rich boy. Tsk tsk."

He turned around, anger on his face and in his voice. "Brynn, you can be a real cunt sometimes."

She slapped him, her fingernails stinging his cheek.

"I'm not stupid," she said, her cheeks flushed red.

He wanted to take her clothes off again. He wanted to hold her, kiss her, be inside her. All of these feelings confused him.

He growled, "I never said you were stupid, just mean. You act like you're a real tough bitch, but you want the exact same things everyone else wants. That's how goddamn special you really are."

She patted down her pockets, looking for her cigarettes, which were actually over on the bedside table. With her eyes pointed down at the floor, and so quietly he could barely hear her words, she said, "It's sure nice to hear that what I want is so obvious. Maybe you'll do me the favor one day of explaining it to me, so we can both know."

Unable to locate a cigarette, her hands got busy twisting the tacky engagement ring on her finger.

"Brynn, you don't have to marry that guy. Not if he doesn't make you happy."

She snapped, "What's happy got to do with anything?"

"Well..." He rewound the conversation in his head. What were they even talking about? What unmarked detour had they taken to be bottoming out on these washed-out roads?

When he met her blue eyes again, they were twinkling. Mood changed.

She laughed, which made him laugh.

He rubbed his hands over his face, as though just waking up. "I should be getting home," he said.

"Just like a man," she said, her tone light yet gently chiding. "You got the strawberry pie and you're done."

He stepped forward, closing the distance between them. Gently, he pulled her to him and kissed her forehead then lips.

"I'll never be done with you," he said. "You're in me now, a part of me. Brynn, I close my eyes and feel you in my blood."

She melted against him, the swirling emotions around them both lifting like fog in the dawn.

"Oh, David," she said, smattering him with tiny kisses. "You should write poetry."

"I do."

"Can I read it?"

"Don't ask me that."

She pulled back. "This really was a one-time thing. Don't tell anyone, or I could lose my job, and I'll make you sorry if I lose my job."

"Fine."

"Fine." She turned and headed for the cottage door.

Like hell that was their last time.

The next week, David Smith Wittingham chased Brynn to a spare stall filled with hay. As she kissed him, both of them breathless, he pushed his hand down the front of her tight riding pants and found the crux of her, where he slid his finger back and forth between those plump furrows of flesh.

She squirmed on his fingers, telling him they shouldn't, they ought not to, but she never said no.

When she sought his cock, fumbling with his belt, he turned her around and pushed her ahead onto a raised bit of wood on the floor. With her riding pants down at her knees, gathered over her brown leather boots, he bent her forward and took her from behind, his own trousers barely loosened.

At first, the only sound was the buckle on his belt clattering as he pumped against her round bu**ocks, pale like moons. As his breathing grew ragged and audible, she began to moan and gasp. He clutched at her body, deep inside her, but not fully immersed enough.

He withdrew. "Take off your boots."

"My boots are so tight. They're impossible. Just f**k me already. Don't be a f**king pu**y, David." She leaned over, grabbing her knees, and peeked around the side of her legs, a twisted smile on her lips to soften her words.

He thought he heard someone outside the stall-another instructor or rider inside the barn. He thought about walking away, of saying he'd had enough as of now.

"I'm cooling down," she said, sounding annoyed.

He glanced back toward the doorway, then down at that lovely body. Pale, creamy, lightly freckled. The center of her was deep pink and inviting. He fingered the frilly skin and spread her wetness back and forth. With a mind of its own, his c**k followed, and he plunged in. He wanted more, but he grabbed onto her h*ps and took what he could.

If a close friend would have known to ask, David would have said the deal with Brynn was simply sex, no strings attached. In the dark, secret part of his heart, though, he looked forward to one day seeing her left hand without that tacky little diamond ring.

The secret, poetry-writing part of him believed she would one day be his.

In September, he'd just started college, and though his parents had suggested he drop riding to have full focus on his studies, he'd continued the riding lessons, "for stress relief."

On their final session, he noticed the ring with a dull thudding in his heart-disappointment. She still wore the diamond ring, along with a new, thick band. Brynn, the woman he was fiercely in love with, had married a man whose name David didn't even know.

The ride itself that day was a nightmare. When his horse wasn't stumbling, the gelding was ignoring him, obsessed with a prancing mare in heat, over in another pasture. The poor gelded horse had no idea what he couldn't do to that tantalizing mare.

After the ride, David confronted Brynn in the saddle room.

"How could you go through with it? How could you get married?"

Her lips pulled into that angry rosebud that drove him hard with desire.

She spat, "You don't know anything about my life."

"I know I love you."

Her mouth dropped open. There it was. His heart on the floor, in the dirt and the hay and the horse manure.

"I don't love you, David, and I never will." She twisted her rings and held up her left hand. "I love my husband, Marcus."

Marcus. The man's name stunk in the air between them.

"I must have been mistaken," David said coldly, backing away. "I could never love a whore with no loyalty."

He pushed the door and ran from the saddle room, not slowing until he got to his car, in the open parking lot. The late September sun was relentless overhead, and he'd left his sunglasses in the barn, but he wasn't going back.

Brynn came running, trying to catch him at the gate. Her tightly-curled red ringlets bounced as she ran.

He stopped the car and rolled down the window. "Now what?"

"Marcus was in an accident," she said. "He can walk and everything, but sex is nearly impossible. We have an understanding."

"Good for you." He had other words, other feelings fighting to make their way to his lips, but he had a stronger desire to hit the accelerator.

Gravel spat up behind his tires, and he drove away, allowing himself only one glance back in the rear view mirror. Brynn had her face in her hands, and he imagined she was crying. He hoped she was crying.

Without riding lessons and Brynn, David threw himself into studying, and excelled at school, though the science and engineering courses did not evoke any passion. His only act of defiance was to grow out his hair, mostly to annoy his father. His golden locks fell in soft waves to his shoulders, but he mostly wore his hair tied back in an elastic.

He was more careful about the next girl he gave his heart to. She was smart and even-tempered, a brunette with dark skin that always smelled of cinnamon.

He lost himself inside her, and their love was never terrifying.

They were together seven years, much of that living together. She had no issue with his economic status, because she came from Old Money. In fact, before they moved in together, her parents had David sign an agreement to not pursue her assets when they broke up.

They always talked about their breakup as a "when," not an "if," and he was fine with that.

She let David be himself, and carried on with her own life when he joined his father at the company. When the patents went through, and the new Wittingham Money made his girlfriend's Old Money look like pocket change, they both laughed and visited the lawyer together to amend the agreement to protect his assets.

The "when" happened one spring, when she moved to France, to "shake up" her life.

"You'll still be you," David said. "Just with different scenery. The sky is still blue and the trees are still green over there."

"The pastry is better," she said, and he couldn't argue with that.

Her eyes were contrary. They asked him to beg her not to go, or to beg her to take him with her.

He had obligations, though, so he put on his sad-yet-resolved face and hugged her goodbye.

"I'll miss you," he said as he inhaled the spicy scent of her freshly-washed black hair.

"You need to follow your dreams," she said.

He pulled away, worried she was going to ask him to come with her after all.

"Your writing," she said. "You don't owe your father nearly as much as you think you do. Put it all on hold and go back to school, to a creative writing program."

"I'm done with school."

She looked exasperated now, which was about as angry as she ever got.

"David, nobody knows you and loves you like I do. I don't care how you do it, but promise me you will pursue your passion. Maybe you should buy a cabin out in the mountains, and don't tell your father where you are. Then just go, and write one of those detective novels you love."

He snorted. "Those aren't exactly great literature."

"You're right. Detective novels, even the best ones, aren't going to prove anything to the world. Do it for yourself." She stood close to him, amidst the cardboard boxes full of her things, and placed her hands on his chest.

He covered her beautiful dark hands with his, enjoying the calm feeling her touch always gave him.

"I'll dedicate my first novel to you," he said.

She smiled up at him, tears glistening beneath her thick, dark eyelashes.

He considered, for the first time, begging her not to go. But he still had his pride.

Kissing her ruby-hued lips now, he unbuttoned her blouse.

They made love for the very last time, and when they were finished, he excused himself to his study, where she wouldn't see him cry.

Extraction from the family business was not a simple task. He was thirty-two by now, but in his heart, he was seven years old again, running away. He thought a policeman had found him and was hauling him back home for the beating of his life, but it turned out he was just being pulled over for speeding.

The police officer was no man, either, but a buxom woman with equally voluptuous lips, her short haircut doing nothing to diminish her sex appeal.

He stammered an apology as she looked over his license and registration. Those gorgeous lips of hers were curving up, and she was warming to him with every utterance of the word sorry, as though the word was an aphrodisiac.

"I'm a writer," he said, though she hadn't asked. "I'm on my way to the cabin I just bought, sight unseen."

She pulled off her mirrored sunglasses, revealing gold-brown eyes as beautiful as the rest of her. "Writing the Great American Novel?"

"No. Just some trash. About a detective. Say... would you let me take you out for a coffee some time? I'd love to pick your brain about law enforcement."

She wrote something on her pad of paper and handed it to him.

"I'll let you off with a warning this time. Slow down, Mr. Wittingham. What's the hurry? Life is all the things that happen along the way."

He nodded. "Thank you, ma'am."

As she walked away, he casually checked out her ass in the side view mirror. She glanced back and caught him looking, then smiled.

She'd written her phone number on the warning.

Part 2: The Cabin

It was March when he bought the cabin, and he split his time between Vermont and staying with his family in New York. He'd never lived alone before, and though the cabin in its current state wasn't exactly living, he was certainly alone.

The police officer, a woman who preferred to be called by her last name, Tomlin, kept him company a few nights a week. She seemed more interested in his outline for the detective novel than in him, but he didn't mind. As long as she was interested.

Tomlin liked to be on top. Not just sometimes, but every time. The whole time.

He'd pick her up in town on the motorbike, and they'd have dinner at a pasta place she liked, then pick up a pint of ice cream for later. The ice cream was Amaretto, that blend of cherries and almonds he grew to associate with Tomlin.

Back at the cabin, they'd sit on the couch and share the pint with two spoons.

She'd lick her spoon and say something sexy, like, "My pu**y is aching. I need to f**k you, like, yesterday."

He'd already have the erection that had started when they'd opened the ice cream, and he'd follow her upstairs to his master bedroom.

They each undressed themselves-no kissing up until this point-and he'd lie spread-eagle on the bed.

She'd crawl up his body, kissing his legs. She'd be na**d except for a sports bra, and she'd suck his c**k with as much delight as she'd shown the ice cream. As she was powering up and down on his erection, she'd snap her fingers until he passed her a condom. They always used the unlubricated ones, and she'd roll it down his shaft using her mouth, which was a trick she'd learned from one of the working girls she'd befriended during police business.

It wasn't time for f**king yet, though, because she'd continue her voyage up his body, so she could straddle his face. He took his time, licking up and down and side to side, keeping an eye on her chest to gauge her reaction by her breathing. When her skin began to glisten, he slowed down his tongue, drawing her rising pleasure out, teasing her.

She'd abruptly lift away, shaking her head at his apparent incompetence. She'd slide back down his body, impaling herself readily on his hardness. Then the rodeo began. This part took longer than eight seconds, but not much. They fit together well, though, and usually came together. Sometimes she did and he didn't, but not the other way around.

He was neither happy nor unhappy with the arrangement, which went on for three months. When a week went by at the start of summer, and she hadn't called, he decided not to call either. He didn't want to be with a woman who held herself away from him, above him. If she really liked him, she'd call or show up unannounced. After three weeks without communication, he figured it was over.

Tomlin became a character in his mind, in his book he hadn't yet written. She would be the tough-as-nails cop who had an on-again, off-again thing with his detective. He had the whole story figured out in his head; he just had to write it down.

Instead of writing, though, he dove into research. The cabin was remote, but it was 2003, and the whole world was at his fingertips via the internet. In later years of writing, he would purposefully cut the internet off for extended periods, but for now he waded in happily. He wondered, how did people write before the internet? He split his time between google and the two dozen reference books he'd hauled up to the cabin. To further distract himself from the unpleasantness of the blank page, he started renovation plans for the cabin, to upgrade the kitchen and bathrooms.

He always left and did his grocery shopping while the maid was at the cabin, but one day, something was different. The cleaning supplies had been put back in different places, and the air smelled of perfume. Cheap perfume. Like the kind young girls just out of high school wore.

He tracked some mud through the cabin intentionally, and booked an cleaning extra session. At the last minute, he baked some cookies and left out a casual note.

When he returned from shopping, he found the most charming response scrawled on the notecard, from the young woman who'd been cleaning.

She would be perfect as the young woman who got kidnapped in his first novel.

In the name of his research, he continued to leave notes for her, getting gradually more flirtatious, until at last he was so ashamed of himself, he stayed behind at the cabin to apologize to her in person. He was probably gross and old to her, thirty-two and not in the best shape thanks to all those hours eating in front of the computer.

To his absolute surprise, this girl, Lexie Ross, seemed to like him. She wasn't judging him or keeping him at a distance. Perhaps it was because she was from a small town, or because she was young, or because life had finally allowed something good and pure into his life to balance other things out, but Lexie seemed interested in him.

He had no intention of seducing her when he asked her to type for him. He only wanted to be in the same room, to share the same air, with this sweet, innocent-looking girl.

Thanks to her help, he wrote the opening pages of his first novel, and seeing those words on a page was like seeing the thawing cracks on a frozen-over pond in the spring; the progress filled him with hope.

He didn't know quite how it happened, but they were kissing, her youthful lips like fruit in his mouth. They were in the shower together, and then they were on his bed, skin and against skin, bliss against bliss.

On top of her, he felt like a tiger, and when she cried out in ecstasy, he knew heaven.

At the point of no return, she cried out a danger warning, and he pulled away. She milked him, then, and he flooded her stomach as he came, and it felt even better than he could have dreamed.

She never came back after that one day, and he got an earful from her boss. The older woman assumed that he'd been f**king Lexie every time she'd been there for cleaning.

Glumly, he said into the phone, "I wish."

She slammed down the phone in response.

For months after, he thought about using his resources to track her down. What would he say to an eighteen-year-old girl? The age gap was too great.

Because he was thinking about age differences, he thought about his first love, and his first time, with Brynn.

At the time, their age difference had been a canyon, but now it was almost nothing at all. They were practically the same age.

He went to the computer to see if he could find her phone number.

She was listed, under her married name.

Part 3: Book Club

Tori

The plane from Montreal had a rough landing, and I caught a glimpse of panic on one of the flight attendant's faces, so naturally I thought we were about to crash and die.

You'd think that in the moments before my demise, I'd have some clarity of thought-some idea about what I was supposed to do next in my life. My heart pounded, and in my mind, I felt the crunching of twigs under my feet as I ran-ran from Smith, or from that moose I'd encountered my first day in Vermont. If we'd crashed, my final mortal thought would have been, what is the plural of moose?

We landed, and as the small plane taxied through the network of runways, I had three more thoughts:

I'd never been so hungry in my life.

I had nowhere to wear a necklace as fancy as the one Smith had hidden in my purse.

My mother was going to be pissed I didn't even get an autographed paperback for her.

Inside the little airport, I hit the fast food counter and ate a big, greasy burger, plus fries and a milkshake. It was the first junk food I'd had in weeks, and I could feel the nitrates and preservatives filling me out and bringing me back to my old life.

I went outside to hail a cab, my stomach already distended with regret. Instead of giving the driver the address of my apartment, where nobody would be waiting for me, I had him take me to my mother's.

There was a party going on at her house, and I would have turned right around, but the cab's red taillights were blinking away down the street. The sun had set during the long drive from the airport, and I could see the ladies of my mother's book club through the sheers.

The door was unlocked, as usual, so I let myself in.

My mother waved me over to the table. "Victoria! You're home early!"

All six of her friends peered up at me with curiosity. One of her friends said, "Spill the beans, girl. Who was this author you were working for? We're all dying to know."

"You told them?"

My mother looked guilty. "I didn't say who it was."

"Only because you didn't know."

She looked even more guilty, twisting her lips from side to side.

I thought about how fun it would be to see the looks on all their faces if I told them I'd been working in close contact with one of their favorite authors, the creator of the Detective Smith Dunham series.

Then I thought about the non-disclosure agreement I'd signed.

Then I thought about Smith Fucking Wittingham and all the twatty things he'd done, including tossing a lamp across the room like a spoiled brat and scaring the shit out of me.

One of the ladies complimented my mother on the "fancy" cheese she'd put out.

I took a seat at the table. "Who are we discussing?"

My mother pointed to her copy of the most recent Dunham novel, little tongues of Post-It Notes peeking out from the pages. "We tried to read Cutting for Stone, because Noreen thought it was 'luminous,' but I couldn't get past the first chapter about aromatic soil or whatever. Now we're talking about our favorite bad boy."

My mother's friend Noreen said to me, with hope in her eyes and voice, "Have you read Cutting for Stone?"

"No, but I did spend the last two weeks working for Smith Fu... Uh, Smith Wittingham. Did you know he has the entire book worked out in his head, and then he recites it to someone who does the typing?"

My mother narrowed her eyes. "Very funny, miss smartypants. Don't tease us. Do you want some wine?" She shook a white cardboard box with a spigot. "It's the good kind."

"Seriously. I was working for Smith Wittingham, at his writing cabin in Vermont." I grabbed the box of wine and filled a glass for myself. "This is all top-secret, though, so it can't leave this room. His publisher could sue me if I blab about the actual story, but... I can tell you about Smith, if you want."

The ladies peppered me with questions:

"What does he smell like?"

"Did you get a crush on him? I'd be too embarrassed to even talk around him. My heart's all pitter-patter right now just thinking about being in the same room with him."

"Is Detective Dunham ever going to settle down with one woman?"

"Is Smith dating anyone? I mean the author, not the detective. He's single, isn't he?"

"I don't think he's married. Is he, Tori? He was married to some woman. She does all that charity work, where they rehabilitate people with horseback riding. What's her name? Brynn. Brynn Wittingham."

I raised my hand to get the seven of them to shush for a moment. "One question at a time, ladies. First of all, he smells like luxury, and he showers two or three times a day. Secondly, he does have a rather charismatic presence, and it's hard not to be put off-balance by him. His eyes are the color of sapphires, for real. The author photos are not retouched. As for the detective, he'll never settle down, because it would end the series, but mostly, I don't think Smith would like that idea. Finally, he's, um..." I glanced over at my mother. "He's currently single."

My mother's cheeks reddened, and her expression became a confusing mix of emotions.

The other ladies looked from her, to me, then back again.

My mother picked up the paperback and flipped to the back page, to the author photo of Smith Wittingham looking into the camera with his trademark sexy sneer.

"He didn't take advantage of me," I said.

My mother scowled. "The man is practically twice your age, and richer than God. He had no right. No right."

I gulped down the top half of my glass of wine. "I'm twenty-three and he's forty-one. That's only eighteen years." Even as I said it, I surprised myself. Now I was defending Smith?

My mother's best friend Roberta patted my mother's arm. "She is an adult. She has to make her own choices. I might remind you, my daughter's dating a drummer. A drummer! He has more tattoos than a junkyard dog has fleas." She moved in closer to my mother, putting her arm up around her shoulders. "Actually, I suspect the drummer has fleas as well. He's got such long hair, and talking to him makes me itchy."

My mother smiled at that. Roberta had a way with her, whereas I had more skill riling her up than calming her down. The other ladies laughed and started trying to one-up each other with stories about the awful people their kids were dating.

My mother took a closer look at the photo of Smith. "If he's so great, why's he not here with you?"

I sipped the wine. "I don't know if I ever want to see him again."

Now I had their full attention.

"Start from the beginning," my mother said.

"We're going to need a lot more wine."

"I have another box chilling in the fridge."

I took a deep breath and sighed. "You know, Smith's a real snob. He'd call this poor people food."

Roberta took a Triscuit from the platter and topped it with marble cheese. "This is real people food. He probably eats foofy stuff like caviar on everything."

"Not caviar, but he likes weird salads with beans and sprouts in them."

"He probably has good breath," Roberta said. "Rich people don't have that smell of decay about them."

I thought back to kissing him. "You know, he does have good breath. Probably because he drinks tea instead of coffee."

"What kind of tea?"

My mother gave her friend a dirty look. "For the love of Pete, just ask her what you want to know already."

Roberta leaned in on her elbows. "Did you two have S-E-X?"

"Several times." I glanced over at my mother to make sure she was not having a heart attack. She looked uncomfortable, but interested. "Pretty much non-stop," I said.

She refilled her wine glass and waved her hand for me to continue, so I did.

Some of the women there I'd known my whole life, and others were newcomers to the group, but they all had something in common: way more life experience than me. Between the seven of them, there'd been ten marriages, nine children, and two grandchildren, plus countless broken hearts and shed tears.

That night, they were my friends, my sisters, my therapists, and my tribe of elders, all together.

It took nearly two hours to get to the end, to the final confrontation with Smith in the penthouse, and his confession.

In the silence that followed, they exchanged looks. My mother was pretty drunk by then, and barely following along-which was fine by me.

The first to pronounce judgment was Noreen, who had always been a little judgmental, usually commenting on the prices of things and what sort of activities other people let their children engage in.

"He violated his wife," Noreen said. "I'll never read another of his books again. He sounds like a monster."

Roberta, shaking her head, said, "Things happen within a marriage. Power dynamics and stuff. A man certainly can rape his wife, and some do, but I don't feel like that's what happened here."

Noreen's lips scrunched as her face soured. "I guess we'll never know, since we weren't there."

My mother turned to me, her eyes a little dazed, but focused. "Tori, did he ever strike you in anger? Did he ever make you do something you weren't comfortable with?"

"I don't think so."

Her forehead furrowed. "Yes or no. Were you on drugs?"

"No." I shook my head vehemently. "No drugs. And no, he never scared me, not until the last day. Today. Wow, it's been a long day."

Roberta said, "A stillborn child can destroy even a perfectly-good marriage." Tears formed in her eyes and streaked down her round cheeks. "After our first, there was another pregnancy. My sweet little angel only made it to seven months."

My mother started to weep. "Berta, I didn't know." She leaned over and wrapped her arms around Roberta.

"Not many people knew," Roberta said, wiping her cheeks with a tissue. "We moved here not long after, and we didn't want to make people sad, so we didn't say. My angel girl didn't even have a name."

"I'm so sorry to hear about your loss," I said as the other women said the same.

"You know, I would have left Dale," Roberta continued. "I would have left him alone with our son, gotten in my car, and just kept driving. Those months after were the worst part of my life, having to explain to everyone who asked about the new baby. If I'd have thought Dale could take the burden of being blamed, I'd have blamed him and just ran away from all the pain."

Noreen said, "You wouldn't have done that. You wouldn't have left your son."

Roberta cried harder, the dam busting open. "Yes, I would have. I went to the bank to take out some money, but there wasn't any, and the account was in overdraft, to the maximum. If I'd had even a hundred dollars, there's no telling how far I would have gotten."

My mother kept patting Roberta's hair, rocking her. "It's all right now. You and Dale are happy together, so aren't you glad you didn't leave?"

Roberta sniffed, smiling through the tears. "He is the sweetest, most honest, kind man the world has ever known, and I'm blessed." The other ladies smiled and exchanged knowing looks. Roberta looked straight up at me and said, "But at the time, I said some terrible things to that man. It was the grief talking. I'm so glad he found a way to forgive me."

I pulled back from the table and took a load of dirty dishes into the kitchen while the other women talked and soothed Roberta.

I didn't know what to think now, about what Smith had told me. Had he really been as awful as he'd imagined, or had the grief colored everything? And if he'd been broke, like Roberta and her husband had been seventeen years ago, before Dale started his contracting company, would that have kept Smith and his wife together through the rough patch? Being wealthy would certainly make your life different. Did having wealth make it harder to have a relationship, because it was easier to walk away?

I had his ex-wife's name in my mouth, bitter on my tongue. "Brynn," I said to myself in the empty kitchen. I'd known some Briannas and a Brie, but never a Brynn. The name sounded rich and stuck-up, and really blond-like, platinum blond. She probably grew orchids for fun, or had her staff do it.

The ladies in the dining room had cheered up, and the sound of laughter trickled into the kitchen.

Noreen called for me, telling me to get my "derriere" out there.

I came out with a glass of water in hand and joined them at the table. "I'm sorry I kept you all up so late."

Noreen uncrossed her arms. "Tori, do you want to be with Mr. Smith Wittingham?"

"I don't want to be without him," I said, surprising myself at how sure I sounded, considering I'd just taken a very expensive flight to get away from him earlier that same day.

"Men make mistakes," Noreen said. "We all do, but mostly the men make the big mistakes, lummoxes that they are. Age difference or not, if your man is not on drugs, or an alcoholic, he's a better choice than most of the men I've chosen."

"Amen," said two of the other women, in unison.

One of them picked up the paperback and peered at the author photograph. "Not too shabby," she said, which made us all smile.

I picked up my purse, which felt so heavy now from the weight of the gift. Batting my eyelashes, I said, "Mommy, would you prefer to drive me home, or have me overnight as your guest?"

My mother rolled her eyes. To her friends, she said, "She claims to be an adult, but this adulthood thing is selective. Just watch, she probably has a suitcase full of laundry for me to wash."

I gasped in pretend shock. "How did you know?"

She nodded toward the stairs. "Go ahead. The guest room's all made up."

I went up to the room, took off about half of my clothes, and collapsed on the bed, face-down. My mother and her friends were still talking and laughing downstairs, showing no signs of stopping the party. I was glad to be around people who made me remember who I was.

The idea of phoning Smith came to mind, but it was easy to flick away, since I didn't even have his number. I had no simple way of contacting him, and maybe that was for the best.

Part 4: Future Bestseller

Smith Wittingham

Though he had Brynn's phone number, Smith Wittingham (as per his first typist Lexie's suggestion, he'd happily dropped the "David" from his name) didn't call her until he'd finished the first draft of his novel. He'd put in a call to a very exclusive employment agency, and they'd sent a pleasant woman with a buzz cut and a dozen earrings to be his typist.

"Future bestseller," she'd said when they reached the end.

Smith tried to be modest, but he could feel himself puffing up and floating away on shameful pride. The man stood to inherit over a billion dollars, and he'd played no small role in the family business to build it up, yet this was the first thing he'd ever done completely on his own. Well, on his own with the help of the typist, whom he gave a generous cash bonus to before they hugged chastely goodbye and she went on her way.

He still had work to do, revising some scenes and getting the wording just right, but he had it written, and all the anxiety he'd felt about the things that were unwritten simply evaporated.

Yes, it would be a future bestseller. How big would his name appear on the cover? Very big.

He went online and started looking at photos of famous actresses, wondering who might play Detective Dunham's love interest in the movie version.

Renee Zellweger was cute, but too adorable and chirpy to play the kind of emotionally damaged young women the detective liked. Cate Blanchett was scary, but in a way that aroused him. He nearly lost his boner when he saw a photo of Charlize Theron as her Monster character, but then he found some photos of Naomi Watts that made him happy. Scarlett Johansson also made him happy, as did a dozen others.

He unbuckled his trousers and clicked through some more photographs of the current hot blondes and brunettes, gripping himself as he imagined a young, talented actress calling him aside to ask about motivation in a particular scene.

"Oh, Smith," she'd say breathlessly. "Your story moved me so deeply. I would have done this project for no money at all. I know people think genre films are no good, just popcorn fare, but your skill as an author, your sensitivity as a person, elevates everything you touch."

Smith closed his eyes and quickened his hands until he found release. The need dissipated, but the fantasy remained all through the evening.

He was lonely, on his own at the cabin, nothing but nature outside. The sun was setting, the sky pink. He walked out to the veranda with a glass of ice, a full bottle of scotch, and the cordless phone. When he was no longer in control of himself, he phoned Brynn.

She was surprisingly receptive. She was so friendly and warm, in fact, he wondered if he hadn't gotten a wrong number.

Brynn was living in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, in an area she assured Smith was "up and coming."

They hadn't seen each other in fourteen years, and the moment she opened the door of her brownstone, he wondered if he'd come to the wrong house. The tight red curls he remembered were now bleached out to a strawberry blond, and straightened-as if Brynn were trying out for a Nicole Kidman look-alike position.

"Davey! You grew into your face." She stood blocking the doorway, legs spread apart like a superhero. She wore cutoff jeans with tattered edges, with platform espadrilles, and those pale legs seemed to go on forever. The day was hot, and the place seemed to lack air conditioning, as she wore a plaid men's shirt tied under her br**sts, and her smooth abdomen glistened with sweat.

"Are you going to invite me in?"

"I shouldn't. The place is a disaster, and my husband isn't home."

"Do you two still have that arrangement?"

She crossed her arms. "Is that all you're interested in? Can't you get that closer to home, without coming over to Brooklyn?"

He looked down to make sure his feet were still on the ground. Brynn always did make him feel like there was a localized earthquake, wherever he was standing. The woman was a force of nature. Those legs. He was already hardening for her, and she likely knew it.

"Let me take you out for dinner," he said, gesturing toward the town car, parked up the street with his new driver, Claude, at the wheel.

"Fancy car. With a driver?" She made a low whistle, as sarcastic as a whistle could be.

"He's a charming French Canadian fellow. Come with me, we'll go anywhere you like, as long as there's air conditioning." He peeked around the side of her, into the townhouse. He saw tasteful sofas and rugs, but no children's toys. "Unless you can't leave the house... for some reason?"

"You mean kids?" Her face took on a stormy expression. "What do you think?"

He took a step back, stumbling to regain his footing as he found nothing but air, then the lower step. "Forget it," he said, backing down another step. "I can see that coming here was a mistake."

She flipped her strawberry hair back, and for an instant, he saw the beautiful riding instructor he'd fallen in love with, bouncing on the back of a feisty horse.

"Oh, David," she said, smiling with the sweetness of a Disney villain. "Have you gotten that old? Do you give up so easily now?"

With that, he strode up the steps and grabbed her ass in his hands as he sought her lips with his. She leaned into his body and parted her lips, thrusting her tongue into his mouth ferociously. He ground against her hips, hardening for her, the erection dulling his thoughts.

She hopped up on him as easily as she'd hopped on a cantering horse, wrapping her bare legs around his waist. He walked into the house with her and kicked the door shut behind them.

He tore at her clothes as she tore at his, and he set her on the first thing he found suitable-the ample padded back of a sofa. He licked and sucked at her salty skin as she urged him to take her.

"Fuck me already," she panted, spreading her legs.

He hesitated long enough to kick off his shoes, then he plunged into her, the sweet warmth of her cunt enveloping him the way he'd hoped it would. She dug her fingernails into his back as he tried to bury himself in her.

When she cried out in pleasure, he felt his own reaction begin. He quickly pulled out and pressed the tip of his c**k against her ass. The head slid in easily, and as she gasped in surprise and tightened around him, he came so suddenly he thought he might go blind.

They snuck around for a few months, both in denial there was anything going on, until finally Brynn asked her husband, Marcus, for a divorce.

She moved in with Smith, in a new apartment, and slept by his side every night he was in town. She looked like an angel in her sleep, but in the mornings, she liked to wake him up by climbing on top and smothering him with her br**sts.

Her favorite aphrodisiac was shopping, and he loved giving it to her. How he found time to revise his novel and send it to his literary agent was practically a miracle. It seemed like every day they were buying things for the penthouse, or to fill her closet. The first time he took her to Chanel, she thanked him by blowing him in the back of the car on the way home. With her beautiful head in his lap, great music on the stereo, and sun streaming in the tinted windows, he came in her mouth, and he felt like a god.

A year and a half later, in the fall, his first novel was released. Though he had not commanded a large advance, the publisher had confidence in the series, and paid the co-op money to ensure stacks of the hardcover were featured on the front tables of all the book chains. He had been touted as the Next Big Thing before the first copy had been bought by a consumer.

The backstory for the media: An insanely wealthy man turns away from his family business to write the detective novel that's been inside him, begging to come out. The articles practically wrote themselves.

It took surprisingly little money to find out which book stores were reporting sales figures to the New York Times, and to have a paid network of people buy out all the copies at those locations, and a few others, for good measure. He made The List, and he was certain Number One was a lock within a week.

Brynn hired an independent brand consultant, and without his book publicist's knowledge, Smith showed up for a major book signing with a black eye, courtesy of a highly skilled makeup artist.

The press and the fans ate up the story that he'd been in a bar fight the night before. With that appearance, Smith became the Bad Boy of Publishing.

Back at the apartment that night, Brynn lovingly removed the eye makeup in the bright master bathroom, where she had priceless jewelry scattered about like a child's toys.

"Remember the black eye was my idea," she said. "Don't forget who made you who you are."

"As soon as I hit Number One, let's get married."

She pulled away, her expression unreadable by Smith. "Are you proposing to me?"

"I suppose I am. What do you say, Brynn? Wanna get married?"

"What if you don't hit Number One?"

He took her hand and pressed her fingers to his lips. "Don't be silly. You're my good luck charm. Everything's just going to get better and better."

"Put a baby in me, Smith."

"I thought you didn't want kids?"

She was already unfastening his belt. "I stopped taking my pills last month."

"Shouldn't we talk about this?"

"Marry me and put a baby in me, like regular people do." She wrapped her cool hand around his dick, and he shuddered at her touch.

"Brynn. I'm tired. It's been a long day."

She squeezed him and cupped his balls with her other cool hand.

He never could say no to her.

The first Smith Dunham novel peaked at Number Four and drifted down. While the story had been optioned for movie rights, interest faded when he didn't hit Number One. The hot director who'd been talking to Smith about notes for the screenplay adaptation abruptly disappeared.

"I'm over," Smith said to Brynn one night as they were getting ready to bed.

She looked at her watch. "Right on time."

"What are you talking about?"

"Your mood disorder. The darkness starts up around nine o'clock and lasts until eleven. It's ten-thirty now. Just wait until tomorrow morning, and everything will be great again."

He put down his toothbrush and crossed his arms. "Brynn, you're the crazy one, not me. Don't put something like that in my head."

She rolled her eyes. "If you think I'm the crazy one in this relationship, you have a lot to learn about yourself."

"Stop playing games. I mean, are you trying to make me get cold feet about marrying you?" Their spur-of-the-moment wedding was in two days, and as the date approached, things had been getting tense between them. She'd been seeing her ex-husband Marcus "just for lunch" as often as twice a week, and Smith wondered if the man was poisoning his name.

Brynn was looking at the diamond ring on her finger, and he thought of a dozen nasty things to call her, but he bit his tongue.

With a resigned sigh, he said, "I think you may be right about the mood thing. I have so much more hope when the sun is out."

"We all do," she said, and she kissed him with her minty-fresh mouth.

Brynn had all the high society people at the wedding, and Smith was amazed that she was better at being a billionaire than he was. The photography alone took an entire day, the day before the wedding. He was so exhausted from all the activities, he had no time left for doubts.

Then it was time to lift the veil and kiss his bride. She'd never looked so beautiful or fake, like the wax museum version of herself.

That night, she denied taking coke, but she'd clearly been into something of a pharmaceutical nature. He thought they could get some rest before the early-morning flight for their honeymoon, but she rode him like a succubus, taking every last drop he had to give.

As he drifted off to sleep, he smiled, because at last he had gotten enough of her.

They made love every day of the honeymoon, but when they returned home, everything cooled. She was busy now, tearing out two guest rooms to create a nursery and playroom. She went through three interior decorators before she even started on the nanny's quarters.

She announced that she was pregnant not by tucking baby booties into his suitcase, or any of the other romantic things wives do, but by moving to a guest room herself. She claimed his movements in their shared bed made her nauseated. The scent of his skin, or the food he'd eaten, was too strong, and she would not kiss him.

Smith's mother assured him this was all quite normal, and that time and patience would sort everything out.

Smith's father took him aside and warned this was a sign of things to come, and to get used to it, perhaps with a mistress on the side to keep him feeling "vigorous." They had this conversation over dinner at the Wittingham family home, though it was just the three of them, Brynn staying home with her nausea.

Mr. Wittingham said, grinning, "Just get yourself a spare, and you'll be fine. You have to make sure she's on birth control, though, or you'll be in a double mess."

"Father, how can you say such a thing? Mom's in the next room."

He waved his hand dismissively. "She doesn't care. And you should be more grateful you don't have a half-sibling to split everything with. How would you like that? A whole herd of bastards coming after the family fortune." He laughed at his own joke.

"I appreciate your advice," Smith said. "Thank you, sir."

As Claude drove him home that night, he requested a detour.

"To where, sir?"

"Claude, take me to a strip club. I need something relatively wholesome to take the stench of my father off me."

Chuckling, Claude put on the turn signal and made a u-turn.

In all his thirty-some years, Smith had been to very few strip clubs, as most of his business colleagues preferred golf.

The strip club made him feel like a very sad god. He gave away everything in his wallet, and he drank until the bar apologized for running out of his drink of choice. The strippers fought over who would help him "get safely" to his vehicle, but he managed to stumble out on his own, and by some miracle, located the dark-colored town car.

Claude drove him home in silence, the windows rolled down for fresh air.

The driver also served as his legs, hauling him to the elevator and then up to the penthouse.

Claude was steering Smith toward the master bedroom when he let out an undignified shriek.

Brynn was standing in front of them, her arm raised, and a pistol in her hands.

Smith dropped to his knees, followed by Claude.

Her arms shaking, Brynn said, "I thought you were an intruder!"

The adrenaline had a sobering effect on Smith, and he found himself able to speak, yelling, "Since when do you have a gun in the house? And since when does an intruder use keys on the front door!"

She set the pistol on a hall table between them. "I was scared."

Claude helped him to his feet, keeping his eyes averted the whole time. "See you tomorrow, sir," he said with a curt nod, and he was off, leaving the two of them alone.

Smith said, "What's going on with you, Mrs. Wittingham?"

"Ugh. Don't call me that. You make me think of your mother."

"My mother never brandished a pistol at anyone."

"Brandished? Really, Smith? For someone who writes about a big c**k detective banging every hot babe in the city, you sure are a f**king pu**y."

He turned around and started walking away. "Whatever, Brynn."

Something hard struck him on the back of the skull. He dropped to his knees, absolutely certain Brynn had shot him. After the longest three seconds of his life, he touched the back of his head, feeling nothing but his hair and a tender spot, wet with blood from a gash, not a hole. The gun lay at his feet, where it had landed.

He picked up the gun and tucked it into his waistband without comment, and continued to the master bedroom, which now belonged solely to the master, as the mistress slept down the hall, where she couldn't be made nauseous.

He hid the gun in the back of the closet, staunched the bleeding with some aftershave, and crawled into bed, eager to put the day behind him.

The room was spinning, so he lay on his back with one leg over the side of the bed, his foot on the floor.

Brynn came into the bedroom, stripped down to just a button-down shirt. The pregnancy was showing now, more than he'd realized, as she usually kept herself covered in layers.

"Go away," he said.

"Where were you tonight?" She didn't move from the doorway, backlit by the hall light, her face in complete darkness so he couldn't read her mood.

"I was at my parents'. For dinner. It's Sunday, remember?"

She sniffed. Was she crying? He couldn't tell.

"Come snuggle with me," he said. "Come get in your bed. You can leave in a bit if you start to feel sick."

To his surprise, she came around and climbed in. Within seconds, she had her hands on his cock, squeezing and rubbing like there was no time to waste.

"Mm, that feels good," he said, reaching for the spot between her legs.

She crossed her legs and rolled her lower body away. "No. I don't want you."

In response, he raised his voice, "Are you f**king kidding me?"

She whimpered. "Davey."

"Don't call me that." He grabbed her wrist and pulled her hand away from his crotch.

"Davey, make love to me," she whispered in the darkness. "Davey, my boss is suspicious of what's going on with us, what we're doing in the guest cottage after your lessons, or instead of your lessons."

He rolled over and pulled her in tight to him.

She said, "Davey, I had to suck his c**k so he wouldn't fire me."

"For f**k's sake Brynn. What is wrong with you?"

She started to sob. "Davey, make love to me."

He put his hand between her legs and pinched at her flesh through her panties. She moaned with pleasure, even as she sobbed.

"Brynn, do you even love me?"

"Yes." She twisted her h*ps to the side, locking his hand between her legs.

He pulled himself up and on top of her, his face in her face.

"The baby," she said.

He'd been holding his body up with his arms, but he rolled to the side immediately and apologized. "Dammit, Brynn, I just want to feel loved by you."

"Or what?"

"Don't make me say it."

Her voice cold, she said, "You'll divorce me, and I'll get what's laid out for me in the pre-nup, and you'll never f**k me again."

Her back was to him, and he kissed her shoulder blades and the back of her neck. "Just make love to me, Brynn. That's all I ask."

She sat up, pulled off her panties, and shoved her ass at him.

He reached up under her shirt and grabbed her breast, which had swollen with the pregnancy. She made a noise, and he couldn't tell if it was pleasure or pain, but he didn't care anymore. She unbuttoned her shirt slowly, and he thought he heard her sniffle. He didn't know what was happening or where they were headed.

She pulled the blouse off and was completely na**d against his body, giving herself to him.

He slid into her, and he tried to forget.

The next morning, she was all smiles and sunshine.

The night before felt like a bad dream, with Claude as the only witness that any of it had happened, and Claude knew how to keep quiet.

As the two of them enjoyed breakfast in the dining room, Smith turned over the evening's events in his head, wondering how he might work the drama into the novel he was currently outlining.

He had peace, a beautiful wife, and inspiring material for his work.

His happiness was shortlived, though.

Three months later, their child was born dead, and the relationship died soon after.

The day she moved out, Brynn screamed at him and demanded he return the gun so she could shoot herself. It was exactly the thing he'd been hoping to hear, and that suicide threat allowed him to check her into a mental health facility, for her own protection.

He returned to the penthouse alone, to face the nursery and the nanny quarters and all their shattered dreams.

He called Claude up to the apartment and directed him to the pistol that was hidden at the back of the closet. "You'll dispose of it in a safe manner?" he asked.

"Give me an hour," Claude said.

"Take the whole day," Smith said, and he went to bed, even though the sun was still high in the sky.

Part 5: Remembering through Storytelling

Tori

I woke up sweating, in the middle of the night. Being in my old bedroom, at my mother's house, had brought back unwanted memories. I cried, and then I got a glass of water and resolved to tell my mother everything, come morning.

The second part of my sleep was more peaceful, and I woke up to the scent of coffee brewing and bacon frying.

I walked downstairs and into the kitchen.

"Mom, I have to tell you some things."

"Good grief, there's more? Did we not cover everything last night?" She gave me a quick smile that made me feel brave.

I helped her get the toast buttered and we sat at the little table tucked inside the kitchen.

"Mom, the thing that happened with my old teacher, Mr. Colt, was not just the one time."

She started to cry. "I should have done more to protect you. You were always so sure of yourself, though, and you shut me out."

"I don't blame you! I'm sorry. You made this nice breakfast and now I'm ruining everything."

She sniffed and took a napkin to dab her nose. "Tell me what you need to tell me. We all need to say these things, to get them out, or they fester like splinters inside us."

"The thing is, when I tried to remember everything that happened, I'd start to feel like I was suffocating, and then everything would blur and it was too overwhelming. It was like a blackout, like a dream, how it made no sense. Just feelings and things, but not in any order."

"And you remember now?"

"I do. And the weird thing is, Smith was trying to tell me, but I was still in denial. We were writing part of the book-well, I was typing it and he was pacing around behind me-and we got to this one part about this girl, named Sheri. She's Detective Dunham's new girlfriend in the novel. There was a teacher in her school who showed a lot of interest in her. She was his special student." I looked down at my hands, remembering everything now through the filter of writing about it. "When we were in that part of the story, Smith was only dictating parts of it, to keep me going, but I wrote it. I wrote it from memory, everything that happened. And now it's not a black hole anymore."

My mother got up from her chair and came to stand behind me, her arms around my shoulders. "You're so brave to talk about this. Not many women do."

I crossed my arms over hers. "I'm okay, Mom! I swear. I had a bad dream last night, when the rest of it came back to me, but I think I'm going to be fine. A shitty thing happened to me, but shitty things happen, and we keep going."

"So long as we have each other, yes. We keep going."

I turned and kissed her hand. "Good. Now eat your breakfast before it gets cold."

"You sure?"

"Yes! I'm hungry. Let's eat."

She sat down and blew her nose, her tears stopped.

I poked at my food, wondering what Smith was doing at that moment.

My mother broke off a little chunk of bacon and put it in her mouth. "See, I can hardly taste this bacon," she said. "That's emotional trauma for you. Shuts off your senses." She chewed some more. "Ah, good, it's coming back."

"Don't be upset, Mom. This is a good thing, that I have a clear memory and a clear head."

Her mouth twisted up in a grin. "Oh, that?" She took another bite of bacon. "Obviously, I'm traumatized because Detective Dunham has some new girlfriend named Sheri, and I honestly thought he was going to settle down with that nice girl, Hannah, from the last novel."

She winked at me, and I had to laugh.

Part 6: Sweeping Up

Smith Wittingham

Montreal - Hotel Le St. James

As he'd expected, Tori was gone from the hotel penthouse. Gone, and no note-not that the situation had required one.

He looked at the broken lamp on the floor, and the mess he'd made, and he imagined himself ranting and raving like a lunatic-he saw himself through Tori's eyes, and he didn't like what he saw.

He searched through the penthouse and found a dustpan, then set to work cleaning up the broken glass of the lamp. What would Detective Dunham do in this situation? He wouldn't go after the girl, that was for sure. The phone would ring, and he'd have a new case, a new mystery to solve. He'd find some new love interest to lose himself in.

Smith Wittingham did not write romance novels. He did not enjoy that particular brand of revenge fantasy. Revenge fantasy? Yes, that was how he saw them:

The man treats the woman like shit.

But she loves him, and keeps on giving him chance after chance to redeem himself.

He forgets to leave one night, and he wakes up in her arms and something clicks in his brain.

Now he's in love with her, under her spell. The scent of her makes him lose his will to fight. She's got him right where she wants him, gelded, and the poor sap will be pu**y-whipped for the rest of his days and nights. It'll be his comeuppance for being such a dick, and all the women in all the world will be so happy, and the man will never be happy or free again.

Brynn's hair was curly again when she finally left the facility. Smith had renovated their penthouse again, removing any hint of a nursery by putting a custom-built pool table into that room. He didn't even play pool, but he liked the sound of the balls knocking around on the slate.

They were legally separated, and she said she wanted to reconcile with him, but that she'd feel "safer" if she had her own space. They bought another apartment, this one with an even better view of Central Park, though the ancient plumbing was a nightmare, and Brynn moved in there.

The two of them saw each other for date nights once or twice a week, but kept their lives mostly separate. She had found a guru of some type and had incense and soy-based candles everywhere at her place. She hadn't worked in years, but she treated her wellness like a new job, and Smith was happy for her.

She would laugh now, which was probably the biggest change. He couldn't remember what her laugh used to sound like, or if she even had laughed before. How had he not noticed? What kind of monster was he?

His second and third novels both hit the New York Times Bestseller list and reached Number One, without any paid manipulation. The world had spoken, and they loved Smith. Detective Smith.

It wasn't enough, and so he decided he would propose all over again to Brynn, so they could start fresh, like the beginning of a novel. He bought a new ring, and he went to her apartment when she wasn't expecting him.

He didn't have a key to her place, which in retrospect was probably the thing that saved him from pounding the guy's face in. As it was, Brynn and her guru answered the door with flushed faces and guilty expressions.

Smith put together their last dozen dates, remembering all the mentions of her guru. He'd imagined a Yoda-like old man with white hair and sinewy arms, not some long-haired, bearded freak who looked like a perpetual couch surfer and smarmy wife-stealer.

Detective Dunham would have popped the guy in the face and then held him down while he answered questions and spat out teeth.

Smith Wittingham turned around and walked away, shaking his head.

Brynn was sobbing, calling after him, but he was done. Done. The end.

After Brynn, Smith went on a few dates, and he kinda-sorta f**ked a few dumb girls who flirted with him at a book signing. Okay, he f**ked a lot of them. But only for about a year, and then he curbed his dumb-girl habit, cold turkey. He switched over to a regular schedule of clean living, which included tons of exercise, frequent showers, and once-daily mast***ation, whether he was in the mood or not.

Turning forty was raw and ugly, like a garbage bag full of dirty tin cans.

Turning forty-one was a relief, by comparison. The worst was behind him, and he found himself enjoying the company of his parents, much to his surprise. After the cancer treatment, Smith's father had slowed down and taken a new attitude toward life. The mistresses had all been dispatched with, because he'd been disgusted by their lack of concern when he was in the hospital. Smith's mother looked like a woman in love, fussing over her husband like a newlywed. Smith wouldn't say it out loud, but he thought it: cancer had great timing, on occasion. The non-lethal kind, at least.

Smith started training for a marathon, and he found himself spending more and more time online, talking to his fans. In his early days of publishing, Facebook had just come into existence, and so the emails from fans came without photos, unless he asked for them, but he preferred not to. He enjoyed talking to women about their hopes and dreams, and sometimes in forums, he posted under a woman's name. What struck him most was women's concerns for the well-being of others. Most of them talked nothing of themselves, but only about their children, and what good or bad decisions the children were making.

He thought of the child he and Brynn had lost, and felt ashamed by the thin tendril of relief mixed in with his sadness. Parenthood would have been challenging for both of them, especially Brynn.

It was time to move on.

When his regular typist, the jovial lesbian who by now had three kids of her own, was unable to come out that summer to the cabin, he had to make a tough decision. "Let's try someone young," he told the employment agency.

The strangest coincidence happened next, with him getting a familiar name in the shortlist of potential typists. Because he worked in the world of fiction, where there was no such thing as coincidence, he felt this was a sign. He recognized one young woman's name, as the daughter of a fan he'd spoken to online. They'd connected through Facebook, and her photo was not unattractive.

Tori's mother had a sweet disposition, but the woman did have red hair, like Brynn, and he suspected her daughter would as well. Could he have some young, attractive redhead type for him?

He considered using dictation software, or even taping the book and sending it out for typing, but he felt like an idiot, talking into a microphone with nobody in the room. He needed an audience, or nothing was real.

When Tori came busting in through the door the first day, panting about some crazed killer zombie moose that had pursued her in the Vermont woods, he felt two things at once: elation and terror.

Their first session working together, with her typing, had gone well enough, considering he'd been thinking about Tori's body most of the time. After they'd finished up, he'd put in a call to the agency, asking they send someone else as soon as possible. His contact person said it would take a few days, including the medical tests they always ordered as an additional precaution for their extremely wealthy clients. Smith told them to put a rush on it, and he'd make it worth their time.

He planned to tell Tori in the morning that he was letting her go, with full payment, of course.

Then she'd shown up in his doorway, looking like a strawberry sundae on a hot summer day.

He'd taken her roughly, more against his will than hers, and she seemed to love it more and more, the rougher he got.

After he'd evicted her back downstairs to her own room so he could clear his head, he called the agency and canceled his previous order.

Over the next few days, she didn't know it, but the redhead typist had complete, total control over the billionaire novelist. She could have asked him to stick a jar of jam up his ass, and he would have, for her. At every meal, she toyed with him, gazing at him through her pale blond-red eyelashes, a button or two of her blouse "accidentally" unfastened.

They were playing house together, playing at being grown-ups, and he loved it. He didn't know a girl could be so much fun.

When she flirted with the boy from town, Callum, Smith had pretended to be merely pouty and jealous, but inside he was a pool of hot lava. The idea of another man touching Tori made him so crazy, that it wasn't until he was pounding into her sweet pu**y in an alley that he was able to finally think straight again. Fireworks banged overhead, and he wanted to tell her he loved her, but it would have sounded so stupid. They barely knew each other. He'd be the old fool, spilling his heart and guts along with his seed.

He took her to Montreal, because he was fearful of being alone with her, and what he might say in the cabin full of memories. Brynn had spent very little time there in Vermont, but he still caught sight of her out of the corner of his eye, complaining that the cabin had no central air conditioning, or saying that she hated the antlers on the chandelier.

Tori, by comparison, loved everything. She thought the charter plane, which was nothing fancy, was the "cutest thing ever," and she talked to the pilot for nearly an hour, asking question after question.

She had a fascination with how things worked, and what other people were thinking. Smith would simply stare at strangers, trying to guess at their personalities by their behavior, but Tori would just come right out and ask.

"Do you love being a pilot?" she asked the man.

He grinned and said he did, which surprised Smith, but not Tori.

On the plane, he'd noticed how the lighting made his face look sallow and old, but Tori looked luminous. He decided he wasn't good enough for her, and then she complained of nausea from the flight, and the ghost of Brynn had appeared once more.

Would his ex-wife ever be gone from his mind?

The first night in Montreal, after Tori had staged her little one-woman show in the restaurant (Smith had enjoyed her performance, but he knew not to laugh and encourage such a thing-the same as not snickering when a baby swears, lest you want to positively reinforce such behavior) he'd walked the city streets, alone with his thoughts.

Before the sun came up again, he'd changed his mind a hundred times. Tori was perfect for him. A perfect storm. A gorgeous disaster.

He tried to push her away, tried to tarnish her in his mind. The whole business with bringing her ex-boyfriend in for group sex had been a tactic he'd learned from his women reader fans on Facebook.

The Garbage Icing tactic.

The trick was to take something you really craved, such as a cupcake, and imagine that the chocolate sprinkles on top were dirt, and that the pastry had been rolled around in the garbage.

He thought seeing another man ha**ng s*x with Tori would help him break the habit, but the outcome was the exact opposite. She made eye contact with Smith while everything was happening, and he felt her looking into his soul. The other man in the room could have been an inanimate object. She wanted him, and he wanted her just as badly.

He changed his mind for the six-hundredth time.

He bought her a necklace, but chickened out of giving it to her.

On the final day of the contract, he was going to tell Tori everything she wanted to know about what had happened with his ex-wife. As the details came out, though, she seemed less and less keen to know. He cut out the part about Brynn pulling a gun on him and chucking it at the back of the head, because who would believe such a thing?

When the story came out, it sounded much worse than he'd expected, the words hanging in the air like a chemical burn. Tori's face grew more pale, her body language rigid.

Smith disappeared down a wormhole where time was no longer linear, and he was experiencing moments out of time, with Brynn. The memory became visceral, the back of his head stinging from where the gun had hit him. He saw the door of Brynn's new apartment opening, and her and that long-haired ass**le. He wanted to hit the man in his bearded face, but he'd struck the lamp instead.

He couldn't blame Tori for leaving. Not one bit.

She was young and smart, and she could do so much better than him.

Alone in the penthouse at the Hotel Le St. James, he wandered from room to room, calling her name softly, like a prayer. He lay on her bed, smelling her shampoo on the pillow, and her absence fell down around him like hail.

He pulled out his phone and made the call he'd been avoiding.

"I'm ready to come back," he said.

The woman on the other line said, "It's about time."

Part 7: Proof

Tori

Summer turned to fall, and by October, I was working an administrative job at a notary office, which was slightly less glamorous than working for a billionaire. Day after day, I'd answer phone calls, send emails, file away papers, and nobody would slam me against a desk and slip their hands into my panties. Not once did anyone corner me in the supply room and ask for a blow job. There were no charter planes, no fancy penthouse suites, and no shopping trips to upscale department stores.

And I was just fine.

Some of my girlfriends stared at me with sad faces, as though I was a charity case-the girl who'd glimpsed luxury, but then had it cruelly snatched away.

I'd reconnected with some of my pre-college friends, and we slipped into a regular routine of partying on the weekend and texting each other all week about how broke and horny we were.

The necklace was hidden at the back of the freezer, under some frozen Lean Cuisine, because I had nowhere to wear it, and no idea how to trade it in for cash. The guy at our one pawn shop in town would probably have had a heart attack if I'd plopped that thing down on the counter.

Smith had promised something like a co-author credit to me, but I assumed that offer had evaporated when I'd run out like a coward while he went for a walk.

The second week of December, a package showed up at my home. I was living with my mother, having given up my little bit of independence back in August, when I'd done a little math and decided the shame of admitting I still lived with my mother was absolutely nothing compared to the money I'd be saving on rent. I was lucky the two of us got along so well, or so all my friends told me.

My mother opened the package before I got home from work.

I gave her heck.

"It had my name on the address label!" she cried, and indeed it did.

I had to pry the contents out of her hands, because she'd already read a third of something that looked like a novel, but had all sorts of "Proof" and "Galley" stickers all over it.

I said, "This is the novel I typed the first draft of." Holding a physical version of what Smith had created, with my help, gave me a chill.

While my mother squawked about wanting to finish the chapter before I took the galley copy hostage, I scanned through the opening pages. Smith had changed around a few of the sentences, but the book started off the way I remembered. As I got into the story, I fell into a sort of trance, the way one usually does when reading a book, but this time I could feel Smith's physical presence.

Had he handled the book? I sniffed it, searching for some trace of his scent, but I smelled only fresh paper and ink.

"No fair, you already read it," my mother said.

"Yeah? How bad do you want it?" I giggled and ran up the stairs.

"Tori!" she wailed as she came running after me. "Let me at least read it over your shoulder!"

I stopped running and she slammed into me, both of us toppling to the hallway floor, giggling.

"Okay, you can read it!" I handed the book over. "You don't need to tackle me."

"It was addressed to me," she said.

"I know! See, that's just such a Smith thing to do. And of course he only sent one copy. What a buttplug."

"You say he's a buttplug, and yet you're smiling. I haven't seen you light up this way in months."

We helped each other up off the floor and stood in the hallway, near by bedroom. "It is winter," I said, glancing through my room to the dark window. "Short days and all."

"You miss him," she said. "I know you've been waiting for him to call you, or to make some grand gesture, but men aren't like that. Maybe this is his way of reaching out to you."

I snorted. "A single galley proof of a novel?"

"You didn't see the dedication page, did you?"

"Shit." I grabbed the book from her and leafed back to the opening. I never read that crap at the beginning of books, because who cares about some author thanking a bunch of people I don't know.

The dedication read:

Thank you Tori, for breaking me.

I handed the book back to my mother. "What the f**k is that?"

"Tori! Watch your mouth."

"Mom, that's the worst dedication in the entire history of books. Period. End of story. What a buttplug." I wagged my finger at her. "Don't you dare tell anyone that's me."

"I'm sure the ladies at book club will figure it out, but I won't tell anyone else, as long as you agree to something for me."

"I'll stop leaving my clothes on the bathroom floor."

She put one hand on her hip and sighed. "I'm not expecting any miracles. No, the thing I want is for you to go to Switzerland with me for Christmas break."

"What? Did you win a trip?" I thought about how Smith had arranged for my ex-boyfriend to "win" a trip to Montreal, and I gripped my hands into fists. "Seriously, Mom. Did you win a contest you don't remember entering?"

"Just say yes. Don't be so difficult."

"Fine, I'll go. But it's a trap."

"It's not a trap," she said. "Go back downstairs and have a look at the other stuff that came in the box. Smith Wittingham invited us to join him and his family in Switzerland for a vacation."

I looked at her sideways. "Really?"

She was backing away from me, her eyes down on the open book in her hands.

I left her to her reading and ran downstairs.

Sure enough, there was a packet of information, including brochures about the resort. It was high on a rocky mountain, accessible only by cable car. That reminded me of the cabin in Vermont, accessible only by hiking or on motorbike. What the hell was it about Smith and inconvenient venues? Was he trying to trap me with him again? And if he was, then why invite my mother along?

A very dark thought popped into my head, nearly making me barf.

Was he going to try to seduce my mother?

Okay, Tori, that's ridiculous, I told myself, and I started to laugh. Still... he was kind of a weird dude.

I started making a mental list of who my mother might bring with her to Switzerland, because there was absolutely no way I was going.

No way.

Two hours later, my mother came into my room, sobbing.

I'd been reclining on a bunch of pillows on my bed, stalking people on Facebook on my tablet. I sat up in alarm. "Mom, what's wrong?"

She held up the book. "You have to read the end."

"Yeah, I'll read it. Just toss it on my nightstand."

She climbed onto the bed next to me and held the book open in front of me, pointing at one passage.

It read:

Smith Dunham pulled Sheri close to him as the hot air balloon lifted from the-

"Hey!" I said, looking over at my mother and her tear-soaked cheeks. "There wasn't any hot air balloon in the first draft."

"Just read," she said.

Smith Dunham pulled Sheri close to him as the hot air balloon lifted from the ground.

"Soon they'll release the tether," he said to her angelic, lightly-freckled face. "Then nothing will hold us down."

"You say that, but next week you'll be off on a new case, chasing some other girl. I know I'm nothing more than the flavor of the month to you."

"I do love your particular flavor, but you're so much more than that, Sheri," he said.

She turned away, facing the sunset.

He seized his opportunity and got down on one knee. The tether had been released, and the balloon soared higher and higher.

"Sheri, you broke me," he said. "Which was exactly what I needed. My whole life has been about reacting, or provoking others when they get too close to me. Deep down, I feared I'd never be good enough to deserve someone's love. I may never be deserving of your love, Sheri, but I'd sure like to try. I'll die trying, if I have to."

With a shaking hand, he took the antique ring from his jacket pocket. Still on bended knee, he took her cream-pale hand in his. "Will you marry me?"

Sheri was speechless, which made Smith worry about her vocal chords, because Sheri had never-

I pushed the book away.

"Barf," I said to my mother.

"Barf?"

"Ugh, corny endings. I can't even finish it."

She frowned at me. "Well, you didn't read the whole thing. Of course if you just look at the ending, you don't have the full perspective of everything they went through to get there."

"I think I have a pretty good idea."

"You can ask him to explain more about the dedication page when we see him in Switzerland." She patted my leg and got off my bed.

"Uh..." I willed myself to tell her I wouldn't be going, but, like Sheri, I was speechless. Dammit if Smith's corny words hadn't shaken something loose in that filing cabinet where I kept all my feelings about the man.

"Sure," I finished.

She set the book on my nightstand. "I don't know if it's his best one yet, but it's good."

As she left my room, I frowned at my mother's back. What did she mean it wasn't his best one yet? Of course it was.

Murren

Bernese Oberland, Switzerland

Mom and I arrived at the mountain village a few days before Christmas. She was cranky from traveling, which forced me to be in a good mood, because you can't have two redheads cranky at the same time.

The seats on the plane had been First Class, and the trip itself had been smooth enough, but neither of us were experienced travelers, so navigating the airports was stressful. Words were said, but hugs were given, and the latter paved over the former.

The village of Murren had no public road service, so we finished our journey on board the Luftseilbahn Stechelberg-Murren-Schilthorn, which is a cable car that hangs in the air. I could only imagine how breathtaking the Swiss mountains could be in the summer, and they were certainly spectacular covered in snow.

The sky was bright blue that day, not a cloud in sight, and the snow sparkled so brightly, we had to put on sunglasses.

In the village, our guide came to meet us, and took us, by foot, to the hotel we were staying at.

My mother, still cranky, turned to me and said, "The least Smith could have done was come and meet us himself, not send a guide."

"Take it up with Smith when you see him. I already told you he can be a real ass**le sometimes."

The guide said, with his French accent, "Ah, yes, you are 'ere for zee Wittingham event."

Mom and I cracked up, because we both get the giggles over French accents.

"What iz wrong?" he asked. "What iz zee matter?"

"Nothing," I said. "Just travel fatigue."

We checked into the hotel and went up to our rooms to freshen up. The itinerary we'd been sent had a time for dinner at the hotel, but nothing listed after that night. My mother had made most of the travel arrangements, mainly just confirming we were coming, with Smith's office. Neither she nor I had spoken to Smith, though surely he knew we were coming.

As we opened the doors to our rooms, on the top floor of the hotel, I tried to hide my disappointment that he hadn't met us already. In my mind, I had several fantasy scenarios planned. In one of them, I told him off, real good, and spent the trip learning how to ski and ignoring him. All of the other scenarios involved sex, but still ended with me telling him off real good.

I mean really, would it have killed the guy to make a phone call? To send a postcard? It was just six months of nothing, and then suddenly a trip to Switzerland? He was all brakes and all gas, nothing in between.

Mom and I each walked through our doors, and then laughed when we immediately saw each other through the double doors connecting our two suites.

She walked around, her mouth literally open as she gaped at the beautiful linens, the sumptuous furniture, and the fruit. Yes, the fruit. She pulled it out of the bowl on the table in my suite, a piece at a time, saying, "Tori, this is real. Look, this banana! It's real. And this peach! It must have been flown in from somewhere exotic." She held it to her nose. "Oh, it smells so good. And these grapes. These grapes are real. Not plastic."

She ran over to her side of the suite and shrieked.

"What?" I ran after her.

She held up a pineapple, her eyes glistening. "A pineapple," she gasped.

"Mom, stop. You're making me feel bad. We have a good life back home. You get pineapple all the time at home."

"Only when it's on sale," she said.

"Pineapple is a ridiculous fruit for a hotel room. You can't just eat that. You need a knife and a cutting board."

She sniffed the pineapple. "There's a nail file somewhere in my luggage."

I backed away to my side of the double suite. "Okay, you have fun then. I'm going to take a shower and get dressed for dinner."

She was still smelling the pineapple and muttering about her nail file when I went off to check out my bathroom.

I'd been trying to hide my nerves from my mother, but alone in the space of my luxurious bathroom, I collapsed in a heap of does-he-like-me-or-not insecurities. The flight and hotel were expensive, but I knew that was like pocket change to a man with Smith's means. His most valuable asset was his time, and so far he'd given me none of it.

I cried into my hands, and then I got into the fancy shower and cried into the steam.

Pull yourself together, I told myself, which only made me cry harder.

My love life back home was not much better than my current prospects in Switzerland. The brother of my boss had shown some interest, suggesting we go out for drinks sometime. He was the exact same age as Smith, yet he was old.

I'd actually gone out with another guy, for a blind date set up by one of my girlfriends, but the guy was way too young. He was only a year younger than me, but when we were at the restaurant together, I felt like I was sitting at the kids' table. He talked about his new computer system, with three monitors chained together so he could play video games, and I half-expected the waiter to come by with crayons for coloring the place mats.

I still slept with him, though.

What can I say? I thought it would help me get Smith Fucking Wittingham out of my system. The kid had washboard abs, and he was fun in bed-both times-but he didn't take charge. He kept asking if it was okay if he did this, or did that, and I guess it was better than nothing, but not by much.

Smith had been so hot in bed, or on the forest floor, or in an alley, against the bricks. I'd had to imagine it was Smith in order to get off that night with the kid, and after that, I couldn't face him again, because I thought for sure he knew. I may have accidentally panted out Smith's name.

That was all behind me, though, along with Smith himself. Except now I was in Switzerland.

I got dressed in one of the nice dresses I'd bought in Montreal, and I styled my hair up into a twist for a change, so I'd look more sophisticated. Finally, I put on the necklace he'd hidden in my purse. It gleamed in the bright light of my bathroom, and I looked exactly like someone who'd be staying at such a nice hotel.

My mother came into the room all dressed up in an indigo-hued dress that showed off her hourglass figure.

"No, Mom. You look way too good," I said. "He's totally going to flirt with you."

She held one hand to her lips. "Oh no. I can change?"

I laughed. "I'm just teasing you."

We left the room and walked down the hall to the elevator.

What was that thumping noise?

Right. Just my pulse.

I grinned at my mother.

She said, "Why are you baring your teeth at me?"

"I'm smiling."

We got in the elevator and she pushed the button. I thought I might throw up, but didn't.

At the dining room, my mother confidently said, "Wittingham party," and the elegant waiter led us over to a table set for four.

A man was already sitting there.

My pulse pounded in my ears.

The man turned our way and stood. Black hair. Blue eyes. Familiar smile. It was Claude, Smith's driver.

"Tori!" Claude said. "I'm so glad you two came."

"What's going on here?" Where was Smith? I got the urge to punch something.

And then... an arm was around my waist, and a hand was over my eyes.

His body pressed up behind me, and he growled into my ear, "Guess who."

"Smith Fucking Wittingham," I said. "How dare you make me worry you weren't coming?"

He'd already released me and was shaking my mother's hand. "I'm so glad we can finally meet," he said. "Now I can see exactly where your daughter gets her gorgeous looks."

My mother giggled like someone a third her age.

We all sat down, and I gave Claude and my mother a proper introduction.

Claude said, "My wife is looking forward to meeting you both. She had to catch a later flight, but she'll be here tomorrow."

My mother looked from Claude to Smith and back again.

Smith explained that while Claude was his employee, and they didn't typically socialize together, he did give them a travel bonus every year. "They are only forced to eat one meal with me," Smith said, winking. "Then they sight-see and do their own things, and I must make do with a lesser driver."

My mother said, "But there are no cars in this village. And no drivers."

"Exactly," Smith said. "I could not possibly make do with a lesser option." He gave me a flirty look, his sapphire blue eyes sparkling.

He continued to flirt with me all through dinner, and I was so nervous, I could barely choke down a few bites, delicious as the meal was.

My mother raved about the newest novel, telling Smith how brilliant he was, and he pretended to be modest, but I could see him hanging on her words, hungry for her praise.

He looked even better than I remembered, his thick, light hair golden in the candlelight. He wore a blue-green shirt that set off his eyes, and the man was certainly a big pile of handsome when he put on a suit. His driver, Claude, was a good-looking man, but Smith was by far the most attractive man-no, person-in the restaurant that night. Or at least he was to me.

I wanted dinner to end so we could be alone together. Of course, being alone together scared me, so I took my time deciding on dessert, and I ate my chocolate cake with raspberry-lemon drizzle oh-so-slowly.

My mother fake-yawned and pushed her chair back, excusing herself. Claude said he had to make a phone call to his wife, and the two of them left.

We were alone. Just me and Smith.

His voice husky, he said, "Did you enjoy the book?"

I could have lied, and said I hadn't read it, but there was something about Smith that made me want to tell the truth, to be na**d to him.

"The book was beautiful," I said. "And the new scene at the end, with the hot air balloon, that was brilliant."

"Yes, well, it's a shame what's going to happen to Sheri in the next book, but the bigger the tragedy, the more memorable the story is to people."

My heart sunk. "What?"

"Come on, Tori, you know how it is. We can't have Dunham settle down, it'll be the end. Dullsville. Nobody wants to read about a domesticated Smith, wiping the poop out of diapers."

I set my fork down. "Wow. Tragedy and poopie diapers. You sure know how to romance a girl."

He leaned back, laughing, and stuck his hands in his pockets. "You know, I meant everything I said in the dedication. You did break me. I was a wreck after you left Montreal, but I think I'm in a better place now." His gaze went to my neck. "I'm so glad you wore the necklace. It looks as perfect as I imagined." He leaned across the table and reached out to touch the necklace. As I looked down, he booped me on the tip of my nose.

I leaned back from the table. "Did you just boop me?"

He shrugged. "I booped you. Couldn't help myself."

"Story of your life. That should be the title of your memoir. Couldn't Help Myself."

"You're right. I'm sorry. I apologize."

The waiter came by to take away our plates and bring us small pots of fresh tea.

After he'd left, Smith repeated himself, "I truly am sorry."

"For smashing the lamp and scaring the crap out of me? You should be. Whatever. I guess I forgive you. Sounded like you had a lot of baggage going on with your ex-wife. Not my business."

"After we separated, she spent some time in a mental health facility. I see what you're thinking, and just stop right there. I did not drive her to madness. She had serious issues since before I even met her." He poured some tea into his cup and stared into the swirling liquid. "She was my first love, though. We started an affair together when I was eighteen, and I wasn't smart enough to see the relationship was bad for me."

"I think I can relate."

He looked up, catching me in his powerful gaze. "Tori, I don't want to be anything to you if it's not going to bring you joy. The worst thing I can imagine myself doing is hurting you, and I'll stay away if that's what you wish, but you'll have to help me by..." His gaze wandered down from my eyes to my neck and my chest. "Not being so damn ravishing. Especially if you're going to come to my cabin in two months to help me type the next novel."

"I don't understand. You flew me here to Switzerland to ask me to type for you?"

"And more," he said, stretching both his hands across the table toward me.

I looked down at the glint of gold.

A wedding band.

On his ring finger.

Smith was married.

And he wanted me to... what? Type? Be his mistress?

I pushed my chair back so I was out of his reach. "Smith Wittingham, you are..." I went through the mental list of bad names I usually called him, but none of them were bad enough. "You are just THE WORST!"

People were staring, of course, so I got up and stomped out of the restaurant. The elevators were to the left, but I turned to the right, toward the doors.

I shoved the doors open with a clatter and ran outside. The car-less village sparkled in the snow all around me, and I wanted to scream my outrage and hear it echo through the Alps, but I didn't want to disturb all the nice people who lived in the village, so I just started running.

Smith came after me, yelling, "Tori, wait!"

All the words I didn't say back in the restaurant came to me. I kept running, and yelling at him, letting everything out. The heel on one of my shoes broke, which made me even more angry.

He caught up to me easily, hobbled as I was, and he caught me in his arms. "Wait, I need to say something to you," he said.

"Well, just say it. Blah-blah, I broke you, but now you're fine and thank-you-very-much Tori, and why don't you f**k off and die, you awful son-of-a-"

He kissed me. I slapped him. He kissed me again, this time getting a better grip on my hands so I couldn't beat him senseless.

"This is my father's wedding ring," he said.

Gasping for breath after the running and the kissing, I shot daggers at him with my eyes. "Like I care it's a family heirloom."

"I'm so sorry," he said. "It was a mistake. I had his ring in my pocket in the restaurant, and I was so nervous about talking to you, I wasn't paying attention, and I slipped it on."

I couldn't recall if it had been snowing already when I ran out the door, but it was definitely snowing now, fat snowflakes landing on both of our eyelashes and wetting our cheeks.

"You're not married?"

"God, no!" He let go of my wrists. "I mean, no. I'm not. My parents are here to renew their vows. That's the whole reason for this trip. They've gone through a rough patch over the years, but I think they're going to be okay now."

"And they're renewing their vows?"

"That's what I said. And I would have told you in the restaurant, if you'd asked about the ring, but apparently... I can't take you anywhere fancy, can I?" He grinned, flakes of snow in his eyebrows.

"It's true. You can dress me up, but you can't take me anywhere, can you?"

He shrugged. "Aside from your restaurant manners, you do everything else perfectly. You make me want to be better, to act better, so I deserve you. After I got back to the hotel in Montreal, I called my therapist and begged her to take me back."

"You have a therapist?"

"I didn't take it that seriously before, but after I scared off the most sensational girl in the whole world, a girl who seemed to actually like me-"

"I do like you."

"Therapy was no longer just an option. It was mandatory." He kissed me again, gentle this time. "I don't want you to run away ever again, Tori. Unless it's for sport and I'm chasing you through the woods so we can have strange, angry sex that makes my blood boil."

"Honestly, I've never slapped anyone before you. Maybe I should see your therapist."

He kissed me again, hungrily, and pressed his body against mine.

I put my arms around his neck and leaned into him as I devoured his succulent lips and ran my hands through his hair.

He growled. "I'm going to throw you down in a snowbank and get some of that strange, angry sex I've been craving since you left me."

I shivered. "Not the snowbank!"

He looked around. "Where else are we going to do it?" He turned and looked back over his shoulder. "Oh, hey, a hotel!"

He slipped off his suit jacket and wrapped it around my shoulders.

"We could see if they have any rooms at that hotel," I said, hobbling toward the doors with my one broken shoe.

He scooped me up in his arms and started walking swiftly toward the door. "Good idea," he said.

We went up to his room, which he assured me was just far enough away that my mother wouldn't hear anything.

As we entered his room, him breathing down the back of my neck, he said, "This hotel has excellent soundproofing, but I'll do my best to make sure the neighbors learn my name."

"Oh, Smith."

He grinned. "Just like that, but louder."

"Your room's nicer than mine."

"It's the exact same room. Mine just seems better because I'm in it." He unzipped my dress and let it drop to the floor. We both kicked off our damp, snowy shoes, and then he threw me on the bed.

The bed was soft and welcoming.

Smith finished taking off all my clothes and climbed up alongside me like a tiger. His tongue flicked out and he licked the tops of my br**sts, above my lacy bra. He ran his tongue across my collar bone, and his fingertips up and down my arms.

His gentle touches made me howl in frustration, because I wanted him to grab me, and I wanted him inside me again.

He said, "My therapist said I need to talk to you, tell you what I'm feeling."

"Ugh. Less talking."

"I'm feeling... your hot ass." His hands darted under my bu**ocks and squeezed.

"That feels good."

"And now I'm feeling your gorgeous, creamy tits." He unclasped my bra and cupped my br**sts in his hands. "And now I'm feeling some sort of rising action, down there."

I sighed and grabbed his c**k with my hand.

He gasped. "Feels good."

I continued to stroke his shaft, enjoying the soft velvet skin on my fingers. I rolled him onto his back so I could move down and mouth him, licking around the head and taking my time.

Peeking up along his gorgeous, muscular body, to that sexy face of his, I said, "Your therapist wants you to talk about your emotions. Your wants and desires."

"I want you to remove your panties. I desire you without your panties."

I squirmed around and wiggled out of them, so now we were both completely naked.

He gestured for me to move a certain way, and I knew exactly what he meant. I faced down toward his feet and threw one leg over him, my br**sts over his belly button as I took his c**k into my mouth.

With his hands resting on my bu**ocks, he licked between my legs, focusing on my clit. He brought me to the edge of cl**ax, then eased off, even as I ground down against his chin.

I laughed when I realized I'd completely forgotten about his cock, and had been resting with my cheek alongside it, enjoying the sensations of him giving me pleasure.

"I'm so glad you came to Switzerland," he said.

"I'd like to come in Switzerland."

He chuckled. "Me, too. But there's no rush."

I licked him from his balls to the tip of his cock, and then back down again. He moaned in pleasure, but stayed still, nothing moving except one foot, twitching now and then when I flicked my tongue a certain way.

He kept licking me some more, taking his time, until I couldn't wait any more. I spun around and lowered myself onto his hard erection.

He grasped my h*ps roughly, pushing me down, driving me onto him. I slid down easily in one stroke, gasping when my flesh hit his hips. I rocked back and forth on his cock, enjoying the length and width of him inside me, my nerve endings bursting with pleasure, like fireworks in a summer night sky.

"Oh, Tori. I meant all the things I said to Sheri. I mean that Detective Smith said to Sheri."

I ground against him, wanting more, more.

Panting, I said, "You mean you solved the case I hired you for?"

"Yes, Tori, I solved the case." He laughed, and then stopped laughing, grimacing as he pulsed inside me, growing so big. "The case of the missing heart. And by that, I mean I love you."

He pushed down my knee and rolled us to one side, and over, so he was on top, thrusting hard against me, filling me.

My body was already reacting to his, movements out of control as we danced together, my legs wrapping up around his waist to take him in deep. "I love you too, Smith Fucking Wittingham."

He groaned and pounded into me, his hands firm on my hips.

I curled my body forward and let my cl**ax ricochet through us both as he came inside me.

We kept moving, our sweaty bodies slippery against each other, until we came to rest.

He rolled us to our sides, our legs and bodies still interlocked.

In the stillness, he said, "I'm not really the worst, am I? When you said that to me in the restaurant, you kinda hurt my feelings."

I rested my free hand on his chest, over his heart.

"You're not the worst," I said. "You are the best."

He grinned. "That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me."

Epilogue

Life got a little more complicated after I stopped being Smith's typist and started being his girlfriend. For example, he kept insisting on buying me things, and I completely ran out of closet space at my mother's house.

Eventually, I simply had to move to New York, because traveling back and forth was only exciting the first few times, and then it became more of an awkward commute with the bonus of security people patting me down.

My mother was sad to see me move out once again. I encouraged her to move over with us, since Smith certainly had the money to put her up in a place, plus he enjoyed her company, but she had too many friends she couldn't leave behind. We found a compromise, with her flying to New York about once a month, just long enough for us to catch up and her to fawn all over Smith's novels. It was hard to tell some days which one of us she was happier to see, but I didn't begrudge them their friendship, because it was sweet and felt natural.

Smith introduced her to some older friends of his, and she soon found a nice fellow (or two) to take her out when she was in town. What went on over the weekends in her little apartment next to ours, I didn't want to know.

Smith had been living in the penthouse he'd shared with his ex-wife, but he immediately sold it when we started dating, and I helped him pick out a new one. I appreciated him starting fresh with me, but it was also beneficial for him to leave the old place and the memories behind.

With permission from Smith, Claude told me a little more about life with Brynn, the ex-wife. He told me about the night she'd greeted them with a gun drawn, and about other things she'd done. It was hard to believe this was the same woman whose angelic face grinned out from photos in the high society columns. I guess we all have our demons, and Brynn's were the hard-working kind that tortured her as well as the people around her. From what I heard through friends of friends, she was doing much better those days. I made precautions to never be in the same room as her, as I couldn't be certain she didn't have a pistol in her purse, and I wanted to be neither shot with it nor struck in the back of the head. Whenever the barber cut Smith's hair too short in the back, I could see the scar from where she'd clipped him.

I could understand why Smith had some bad feelings about relationships, and the nature of love. He even told me his cockamamie idea about romance novels being revenge fantasies for women. In response, I hugged him and told him I was going to spoil him rotten every single day, and make him eat those words.

He asked how I was going to spoil him, since he was the one with all the money (he was asking honestly, not throwing it in my face, because he would never do that), so I finished that conversation by sitting on his lap, facing him, and massaging his neck while telling him how much I loved him. He agreed that maybe romance wasn't so bad after all, with the right woman.

As for my career, that was interesting. I got a call from one of those reality TV shows, to be part of a Real Housewives type of thing. They wanted a spicy redhead to throw drinks in people's faces. I considered the offer for about three seconds, then turned it down. My temper tantrums were for Smith's private enjoyment only.

When faced with all the opportunities in the world, and the funds to make any dream come true, I came up blank. Smith teased me about this, but he didn't start writing until he was over thirty, so I told him I still had a few years to figure it out, and maybe I never would. Couldn't I just be his typist? Nothing else could make me as happy.

In the meantime, I kept busy overseeing the decorating of our new apartment. I stayed in touch with my old friends from back home, but their lives were so different from mine that we had less and less in common. How my mother managed to keep everything balanced was a testament to the quality of her friends.

I made some new friends in New York, and got involved in some charities, and by the time the next Christmas came around, my life felt more real.

We'd gone to the Vermont cabin twice that year, and Smith had really worked hard to finish two Dunham novels that year. In the first, his beloved Sheri met a tragic end (of course), but he was no longer the same Detective Dunham. He'd become deeper and more layered, and I knew these novels would be the best ones yet.

In December, we returned to Murren, as a one-year anniversary of dating.

In the elevator, I hit the button for the top floor, and he smiled and hit the button for the first floor of rooms.

He led me into the room, which was a room, not a suite. An old-fashioned typewriter sat on a round table, cramped into the corner by the window.

We'd played a number of roleplaying games recently, but this was a new one for me. I stayed quiet and waited for him to give me my cues.

"I'm Gregory Nash," he said, shaking my hand. "The agency said they were sending someone with experience, but you seem too young."

I gave him a coy look. "My name is... Rose. And I assure you, I'm experienced."

"Miss Rose, stop undressing me with your eyes. I have to get my work done, so if you'll take your spot at the typewriter, we'll get started."

I glanced over at the bed, the area between my legs already aching for him. "Yes, sir."

He paced behind me. "Rose, put the paper in the typewriter."

I picked up a sheet of paper, absolutely clueless about how to feed it into the typewriter. I was familiar with the device, of course, but I'd never actually used one.

He leaned over me from behind, putting his hands on my hands to get the paper fed between the black rollers. As he did this, he rubbed his groin against my shoulder, allowing me to feel his growing bulge.

"Mr. Nash! I'll thank you to not rub your filthy dick against me."

"Rose! I'll thank you to put your hands on that keyboard and watch your mouth."

I stifled a giggle and sat up straight, sticking my chest out.

I glanced over my shoulder at him as he undressed. He was already shirtless, his smooth chest and toned abdomen as appealing and mouthwatering as the fresh fruit in the room.

His voice deep and husky with lust, he said, "Are you ready?"

I held my fingers over the circular antique keys. "I'm ready."

THE END

