Part 1: Won't You Stay for Breakfast?

My big teddy bear, Trevor, knew what was good for him and so he stuck around until the morning, even though his feet hung off the end of my double bed.

"Good morning," I said as he nudged my butt cheeks with his erection.

He grabbed me tight from behind, spooning me while also, um, trying to fork me through my panties.

I tried to pull away from him, but he growled in my ear and held me tighter.

Squealing, I said, "Coffee! Coffee first, then I'm all yours."

He nuzzled my ear and neck from behind, his chin scratchy from a day's worth of beard growth.

Truth was, I had a bit of a sticky situation in my panties (only getting worse by the minute) and I wanted to freshen up in the shower. Guys always assume we're sweet and delicious and lovely, like fresh peaches down there, but it does take some effort!

I gently bit him on the arm until he yelped and released me. I scrambled out of the too-small bed and scampered to my bathroom.

I peered back over my shoulder at him, the big teddy bear in my bed.

Trevor was older than me, early thirties, and divorced. He claimed to have some baggage and a lack of desire to talk about it, but he seemed okay to me. He worked with my big sister, her boss at a real estate development company. Nikki set him up with me because she has an aversion to body hair, and Trevor had a gorgeous trail of curls leading from his neck to ... all the good parts. It was hard to tear myself away from him, looking so awkward in my pink sheets, but I ran to the shower and tried to rush the job.

I was just climbing out when he came into the bathroom. "I put the coffee pot on," he said, giving me a kiss. "Should be ready for you, and I'll be right out."

I gave him another kiss, and a hug, and let him take over the shower.

Out in my bedroom, I threw on a robe and looked for something clean and comfy for Trevor to borrow, but who was I kidding? A petite girl like me wouldn't have anything for him to wear. I straightened up the bed and smoothed out his clothes from the night before.

Following the delicious scent of brewing coffee, I made my way to the kitchen. My parents were away, at our cabin by the lake, and I felt like such a bad girl, having a man sleep over. Bad in a good way.

I immediately called my sister, Nikki. I brought her up to speed on the awkward date Trevor and I went on the previous night. I'd sorta forced him to take me to a movie, and then after, he'd confessed that not only did I look just a little bit like his ex-wife (and by a little bit, I mean a lot), but that he wasn't a big fan of talking about his feelings.

Nikki snorted into the phone from her side. "Men love to talk about their feelings. The problem is, they only have two, and they're hungry or angry."

"Or the third," I said.

"Oh, right, horny."

"Hah! No, I meant hangry. That combo, where you get mad because you're low blood sugar. Like how Dad gets if dinner's late."

Nikki laughed at this (it was funny because it was true), then said, "Listen, Naomi, I know you haven't dated a divorced guy before-"

"Neither have you!"

"Let me finish," she said, sounding exasperated. I could picture her making one of our mother's facial expressions, which made me want to strangle her through the phone. "People going through a divorce have a lot of stuff going on. They're in transition."

I tapped my fingers on the sunny breakfast nook table, frustrated by her beating around the bush. "Nikki, try. Try to make a point."

"This is a transitional relationship," she said.

"You mean like a rebound thing?"

"Yes."

"So?" I said sullenly.

"It's a good transition for you, too," she said. "Have your fun, but don't get too attached."

My mind raced ahead, putting together words and ideas. "Nikki, did you intentionally set us up so that I could be his rebound girl?"

Silence.

"Nikki?"

"What? Sorry, my cell phone just cut out. What are you trying to say?"

"Do you really want Trevor for yourself? Did you set him up with me to get his rebound over so you could get your paws on him?"

"Of course not! I'm offended you would even think that," she said.

I shrank down in my chair, feeling very small and foolish. "Uh, sorry. I just ... I have all these weird feelings."

"Promise me you'll take it easy," she said, sounding once more like my sweet, supportive big sister.

I felt like a total ass**le for being suspicious of her. "The horses are already out of the barn."

"Hmm," she said. "Farming metaphors. This is not good."

"Transitional is good," I said. "Do you know how many times he transitioned me last night?"

"Naomi, he's my boss. I have to look him in the face at work, you know, so please don't tell me anything too detailed."

"Okay."

There was a pause, then finally she said, "Okay how many times?"

"Three times."

"That's a lot."

"I know. It was so good. I think I want it three times a night now."

She squealed then sighed. "Ugh, I need a boyfriend. You have to set me up."

"All my friends are g*y."

"Well, keep your eyes open," she said.

My sister and I finished our phone call just in time. Trevor came out of the hallway, looking clean and scrumptious, albeit a little rumply in the previous day's clothes. Those eyes took my breath away, orange-brown and flecked with black and gold. When he talked to me, his pupils were dilated, big and dark with interest for me. His desire made me crazy for him. Even though he wasn't model-skinny, he was such a handsome man, with thick, dark, wavy hair, and such a nice jaw line and chin with the cutest cleft right in the middle.

"The walk of shame," he said, rubbing at the wrinkles on his shirt with both hands.

Over the top of my coffee mug, I said, "I can run an iron over that for you."

He shrugged away the offer and said, "I earned my walk of shame."

I thought of the previous night, of him tirelessly taking me to orgasm after orgasm. "You sure did."

I was sitting on one the wooden chairs in the kitchen's breakfast nook, overlooking the backyard, and he joined me with his own freshly-poured coffee. Unlike me, with all my milk, he took his black, which didn't surprise me. He was a manly man, after all.

We exchanged flirty looks and pleasantries about the variety of products and conditioners in my bathroom, and then, he patted his lap and said, "C'mere."

I stood, walked the long way around the table to get a refill, then came back and sat down on his lap. "Like this?"

He nuzzled my ear and neck. "I used your razor," he said.

"I can tell!" I reached over my shoulder and rubbed his smooth cheek. "As smooth as a lady's legs."

"Your razor is pink."

I giggled. "But it did the job."

He kissed the back of my neck while rubbing my thighs and butt.

I shifted position, feeling the heat and strength of his rising manhood underneath me.

He slid up the hem of my robe, running his hands down between my legs.

His voice low and growling, he said into my ear, "No panties."

"It's Saturday," I said. "No need to rush getting dressed."

"No need to rush anything, except ..."

He used one finger to part my lips and ran his fingertip up over my sensitive nub.

I gasped in pleasure and surprise. We hadn't even been kissing, and already I felt the swelling and the readiness in my pu**y. I reached down behind me and grabbed for him, through his trousers. He moaned into my ear again, then gently bit the back of my neck, under my damp hair, as he thrust against my hand.

We were seated near the bay window, with no curtains, and the room faced a tiny but somewhat private yard. The neighbors, if they were to venture outside, would see us, but perhaps not. There was a fence.

Trevor had both hands on my pu**y now, one scooped under from behind, and one angled around the front, drawing circles around my clit. I no longer cared about the neighbors or the height of fences.

I moaned and rocked back and forth, seeking to ease the pressure that was building up as rapidly as a steaming kettle.

He said, "You like that? No rush. We can take our time."

"Yeah," I said. "Just like that. Feels so good. Oh my god."

"Don't come yet," he said, chuckling. "You feel so good in my fingers. So slippery and I can't see it from here, but I know it's all hot pink down there, isn't it?"

I glanced down at his finger, stunned to see the thick digit, with its light coat of dark hair, working back and forth and up and down my soft, pink bits.

I leaned forward, putting my elbows on the table, so he could access me better from behind, with the fingers seeking to enter me. "More," I said.

He added a finger and thrust in and out of me, steadily, unrelentingly.

"More," I said. "I want your big c**k inside me."

"Mm, dirty talk," he said. "Hang on."

He fumbled with the latch on his trousers, then got them open. I felt his dick, all hot and heavy, against my backside, under my loose robe.

"I'll give you something to talk dirty about," he said.

I leaned forward some more, and he guided his manhood with his hand, rubbing the head up and down my pu**y, along my clean, freshly-showered ass, my vagina, and across my clit.

"You want this?" he said.

"Yeah." I wiggled my ass and tried to move back, falling onto it, but he had his hands on my h*ps and wouldn't let me.

His voice was different now, even deeper, and his breathing was heavy. "Take that robe off, I want to see your back."

I untied the robe and tossed it to the floor. I pushed back again, trying to get my aching pu**y down on that big, throbbing erection, to slide past the head and over the shaft, but he kept me pinned, wouldn't let me back yet.

Instead, he dipped in and out of me with the head, filling me, then taking it away.

My urgency built up some more, until I feared I might have to beg, and then I got annoyed and frustrated, but pleasantly so.

"I'm ready," I said, giving him what I thought was a pretty strong hint.

"I know."

In and out with the tip again. Then across my cl*t with the head. In and out once more.

I moaned in a mix of pleasure and frustration.

"C'mere," he said, and he finally guided me down, inch by inch. Because he's so long and I'm not that tall, I wasn't sure how far we could go, or what would happen when we did, but I ended up sitting comfortably on his lap, his legs supporting mine. His long, thick, hard c**k was completely inside me, impaling me, but I didn't feel impaled at all.

I began to circle from the waist, riding him, feeling him slip around inside me.

"Damn," he said, sending a thrill of pleasure through me, this one from my mind. They say the brain is the largest sex organ, and I believe it. Every time he said that word, and I knew how much he wanted me, it made me want him even more.

He tipped me up rather quickly, so he could slip his trousers all the way off. Now I was astride him, still with my back to him, with his muscular hairy legs between mine. I flexed my internal muscles and he grabbed onto my hips, rocking me back and forth on that hard, throbbing cock. Between my legs, I could see my pu**y lips, hot pink and eager, and then his sac, in its cloak of dark curls. I reached down and stroked his balls, which he seemed to appreciate.

"Damn!" he said. "I'm gonna come."

I wasn't near orgasm, not in this position, so I did something I might have been shy about before, but not with Trevor. I let my fingers roam up from his sac to my clit, and I rubbed away, exactly the way I like it for maximum efficiency, and soon my orgasm was ready to explode.

I used one hand on myself and the other for his sac, both hands getting wet and slippery from our combined moisture.

Trevor leaned forward and grabbed me around the waist. He pressed his face into my neck from behind and pulsed into me, rapidly. I felt him explode inside me, drenching my inner walls. As he moaned with pleasure near my ear, I cl**axed, and my shuddering pu**y squeezed his c**k as the last of him spilled into me.

I melted into him, enjoying the warmth of him under me and his arms around me. We relaxed together, in the golden morning sun.

We didn't move or say anything for at least a minute, until finally, he spoke, saying, "Would you hand me my coffee?"

I giggled at this, which tightened my muscles and made his spent manhood tickle and ease out of me, which of course made him laugh, and only made the issue more noticeable.

Luckily, we had some napkins on the breakfast room table, so the next part wasn't too messy. A few minutes later, I was back in my robe and we were enjoying the rest of our coffee.

He declared that he was hungry and was going to toast up the bagels he'd scouted while making coffee. He insisted I stay where I was, relaxing, so I remained in the sunshine and watched him as he hunted through the kitchen for the bread knife, cutting board, butter, etc. He was such a big, tall man, and yet, he was also the cutest thing.

It was the perfect start to a Saturday.

Part 2: Farmer's Market

My parents weren't due back to the house until Sunday afternoon, so I suggested we stay in all day, clothing optional. Trevor didn't seem too thrilled with that idea, and I remembered what my sister had said about him, that he was a real on-the-go-go-go kind of guy, so I pulled out the paper and started rattling off various things going on in the city.

"Farmer's market?" he said, his face showing amusement. "Don't tell me you're the farmer's-market type, with fresh herbs and knowing your chickens by name."

"Not really, but I could be."

He seemed to ponder this for a moment. We were standing around the tall kitchen island, and even though he had his elbows on the counter, his lower body kept moving-feet tapping, legs shifting. "I suppose I could be too," he said. "I know how to make pesto."

"There you go. You're halfway there. With the gorgeous kitchen in that house of yours, it would be a shame not to make pesto."

"The kitchen wasn't my design, it was ..." The shifting feet stopped moving.

I grabbed my purse and keys. I didn't want to know about his ex-wife, nor did I want him to shut down on me, thinking I was trying to get him to talk. I said, "We should get going to that farmer's market before all the good turnips are gone."

He smiled. "Oh, no. Not turnips. I have a very rare allergy."

"No you don't."

"I could. You don't know me that well," he joked.

For the second time in as many minutes, I felt uncomfortable. "One day at a time," I said, and I stood up on my tiptoes for a kiss.

We got to the farmer's market, and I got to know Trevor a little better, as well as strategies for crowded venues. For example, he said everyone turns right as soon as they enter a farmer's market, and they progress slowly around the circuit as a herd of slow-moving sheep. But, there are no rules saying you have to go that way, so he had us turn left and go mostly against the flow of traffic, so we were never stuck behind any slow-moving groups.

My parents usually spend two hours perusing the market, stopping to sample everything and chatting with friends and neighbors. Trevor and I "completed the circuit" in twenty-seven minutes.

We bought fresh ravioli for dinner, as well as plenty of greens, and a strawberry-rhubarb pie for dessert. He also took three phone calls.

On the way out, he took yet another call, and I wandered over to a stand with jams and jellies. The woman working there was about my height and age, and her husband (so I assumed by the wedding bands) appeared to be cut from the same cloth as Trevor, right down to the constantly-moving feet.

As I tasted a spoon full of apricot jam on a slice of rustic bread, the woman glanced over at Trevor, a few feet behind me, and said, "How long have you two been dating?"

"Not long," I said.

She gave me a sly look. "Nice, tall one like that, you'd better hang on to him."

I laughed and said, "I've never dated someone over five-ten!" I rubbed the back of my neck. "I'm getting neck strain staring up at him all the time."

She rubbed her neck as well and said, "You get used to it."

I bought some of the apricot jam and some honey as well. I wondered if she'd been complimenting my date to get me to buy more of her food, but the jam was so good, and a line was forming behind me, so I was sure she didn't need to.

Trevor reached his big hand for mine, and we started walking to the exit gate, him still on his phone. I had mixed feelings about him being on his cell, because it was discourteous to me, but I also understood he had an important job. I could take half-days of personal time whenever I wanted, and the theater office would get along fine without me, although some customers wouldn't pay their bills on time without my friendly harassment. Trevor, however, was the boss of a fairly large real estate development company, and he had employees, including my own sister.

I was starting to wonder if I'd be able to keep up with his on-the-go-go-go lifestyle, but then he stopped when we got back to his truck, leaned down, and gave me the nicest kiss. I wrapped my arms around him, wanting more. We'd already had terrific sex that day, but I'd missed out on kissing because of the position, and I wanted it.

I forgot all about feeling sore at him for rushing us through the farmer's market, and for taking all those phone calls, and I just kissed him.

He pulled back from me, looking sheepish. "Damn, girl, you're getting me going again." He looked left and right to make sure nobody was watching, and adjusted himself to be more comfortable. His thick c**k was smoothing out the wrinkles in his trousers with a big bulge.

I said, "I'd take care of you in the truck ... but I'm not that kind of girl."

He winked at me. "Of course not."

Oh, but I was that kind of girl, and he knew it. I'd blown him immediately after dessert, on our first date, which really set the tone for our relationship, and that tone was ... smoldering. I'd never felt so much passion, so much desire. Before Trevor, sex had been a logical progression, a next step in a relationship after a certain length of time. With him, it was a fire that burned out of control. I needed it. Wanted it.

He leaned in for another kiss, a smoldering hot kiss, and after a few seconds of that, I was as turned on as he felt, my pu**y throbbing to match his erection.

As he reached for the door handle to let me into the truck, I said, "Where to now?" as in, his house or my house.

He helped me step up into the tall vehicle and said, "I'm taking you to my work. You don't mind, do you?"

To his office? That didn't sound very sexy at all, but I said, "Sounds good," and we were off.

We didn't go to his office at all, but to a new townhouse development in a part of town that was getting trendy, thanks to similar projects and new shops.

"Showing off your new deal?" I asked. From what I'd heard via my sister, the sales for this one had been going well. All the buildings were up, and by the look of it, they had the trades in doing the finishing work.

After parking, Trevor reached over and grabbed my knee, gave it a squeeze, then popped the glove box open and pulled out a camera. "Long story," he said.

"Try me."

"I have to photograph some deficiencies in the show suite."

"That story didn't seem so long to me."

He gave me a wry smile. "I left out the family of raccoons."

"Oh dear."

He stepped out of the truck, circled around to my side, and led me to the show home over a trail of wood sheets and planks. The landscaping wasn't completed yet, so wood had been laid down where a walkway would be soon. Dozens of helium-filled balloons bobbed happily along the path, and it was a perfectly gorgeous autumn afternoon. Other couples and young families milled about, pointing at different townhouse units in the complex, and a little boy squealed about picking out his new bedroom.

"This is a nice development," I said, and Trevor beamed at the compliment.

When we walked into the show suite, the staff jerked to attention, and it was all, "Good afternoon, Mr. MacIntyre, what can we do for you?"

Two of the agents were guys, and the one female, a blonde, kept giggling every time Trevor talked to her. I felt my face tense up as my eyes narrowed at her. She had a too-tight blouse, straining across her br**sts, tons of makeup, and those long, lacquered nails.

Stay away from my man, I thought, then I felt embarrassed for being so territorial. Trevor and I had been dating for only a week. The rush of jealousy took me by surprise, by the ferocity and how quickly it had set in. Plus, I'd never felt jealous about my other boyfriends, I guess because most of them were secretly g*y and other women had more sense than I did-better g*ydar, if you will.

Trevor was all man, and for now, he was all mine. Watching him talk to the blonde made me want to do more than slip my hand into his. I wanted to kiss him, to get my scent on him, to make him call my name as he came, orgasming deep inside me.

I fanned my face, wondering if the show suite was hot from the halogen track lights, or if it was just me. Everybody else seemed comfortable. Just me.

The door opened, and a bunch of people came in, with kids, and a dog, too. They all wanted to go look at specific suites, and Trevor told the three agents to go ahead, as he'd be taking photos in the show suite and would keep an eye out for visitors.

They all went out the door, full of excitement and sales-speak. Trevor raised his eyebrows at me and said, "Alone at least."

I was examining a tiny model of the development, on a big table in the middle of the space, and he ran up behind me and jokingly ground his pelvis into the back of my butt, through my denim skirt.

"You bad boy," I said, but I spread my legs as wide as they'd go in the skirt and pressed my bum back into his growing bulge.

Huskily, he said, "Wanna see the bedroom?" He grabbed my br**sts over my shirt and plundered my body with those big, warm hands.

I felt the stinging ache in my pu**y instantly. He was teasing me, I knew it, but I was going to get him back.

After he pulled away from me, he led me around the show suite, showing off the appliances and gleaming finishes in the kitchen. He had his camera out, and took some reference photos relating to the deficiencies. While he wasn't paying attention, I slipped behind a closet door and pulled off my panties, then stuffed them in my purse. I was wearing a denim skirt and cute sneakers, perfectly respectable-looking, and walking around without panties on felt liberating and exciting.

Trevor led me up the stairs, talking about the craftsmanship of the wood railing. It was a lovely home-not as fancy as his actual house, but I could see some of the same attention to detail carried over. The place had his fancy computerized lighting system, available as an upgrade.

The master bedroom looked a lot like Trevor's bedroom, except the four-poster bed was a Queen, not a King, like his. I commented on this, and he said, "Makes the room look bigger." He winked. "One of the tricks of the trade."

"Oh, I'm in the theater business," I said. "I know a thing or two about showmanship. For example ..."

I glanced down at my hands as I inched my denim skirt up over my thighs.

He licked his lips. I definitely had his attention. We were alone in the show suite-for now-so I lifted the skirt all the way, showing him my bare pu**y.

"Again, no panties!" he said.

"Just wanted to give you a little preview before dinner tonight."

"Damn." He got down on his hands and knees on the thick, new carpet, and crawled toward me like an animal.

I dropped the skirt down and backed up a few steps. "Bad doggy."

"I'm a bear," he said as he grabbed my legs. "I take what I want." He pulled the skirt up and dove at my pu**y, licking it hungrily. I gasped and staggered two more steps back, so I could lean against the room's dresser for support.

I moaned, then tried to nudge him away, saying, "Someone's going to come in on us!"

He had my skirt up around my waist and he licked up and down my lips, then dug in deep with his tongue. He stopped just long enough to say, "People try to have sex in show suites all the time. That's why we have three staff on duty at all times."

"Well, I am going to stop you ... in a minute." I leaned back, closed my eyes, and enjoyed the sensation of being licked. His hands were also busy, though not on my intimate area. Rather, his hands kept running up and down my legs, hungrily. The movement and pressure of his hands extended the pleasure he was giving me with his mouth, throughout my entire body, sensitizing every bit of me. Even my face felt pre-orgasmic.

"Enough," I said, gasping. "Save some for later."

"I want you," he said.

I thought of him talking to the blonde, of him smiling as she giggled at everything he said. He'd been very naughty, flirting with her right in front of me.

"So, take me," I said. Waves of pleasure were washing over me, and I would have done anything to get more. I wanted him, all of him.

He picked me up and dropped my bum on the surface of the dresser. In a matter of seconds, he had his pants open. He yanked down his underwear and released his erection, the tower of it springing forth from those dark, heavenly curls of his.

He seemed blinded by lust, thrusting at me, banging the head against my leg and my lower stomach. I grabbed his shaft and tugged him toward me, helping him guide the tip into place. I was wet from excitement plus his saliva, and he slid in easily.

Over him breathing in my ear, I heard the sound of a door opening.

"Trevor," I said.

He thrust into me, hard. "I like it when you say my name."

"Trevor, I think someone's come in the door downstairs."

He grunted and thrust into me again, not just into me, but also angling up. He practically lifted me off the dresser with his cock.

And it was the most incredible sensation.

So much pressure, and in just the right places.

I wrapped my legs around him and begged him to do it again.

He did, thrusting in and lifting me up, again, and again.

My heart pounded, my pulse crashing in my ears, throbbing in my neck.

He thrust in again and again, and I felt his c**k expanding, getting ready to come inside me.

"Oh, Trevor," I murmured in his ear.

He banged into me once, twice, three more times, and then he paused, letting go. He stayed deep, lifting me up completely off the dresser, with the help of his hands on my hips, and he came, deep inside me, at the same time I did. My fingers dug into his back, through his light jacket.

My voice choked in my throat, and I was unable to say anything, barely breathing, as the pleasure showered down through me.

As we stopped moving, still clutching each other, I heard someone downstairs say, "Hello?"

"Oh, shit," he said, and he withdrew and grabbed his pants from around his feet. He shook his head and quickly did up his trousers as he walked a few steps to the wide-open door. "Just one minute, I'm with a client," he called down.

I was trying to get myself moving as well, but my legs were like rubber, my whole body limp and spent.

Trevor turned back, looked at me, and said, "You okay?"

"I'm great!"

"I didn't hurt you?" He looked genuinely worried.

"No," I shook my head. "Not at all."

He looked relieved. "I'm sorry," he said.

"Don't be sorry, that was amazing."

He called down the stairs again to the stranger, "Be right down," and then he disappeared.

I made my way to the master en suite, praying the plumbing in the show suite was hooked up and working. It was, thank goodness.

After I finished using the bathroom and put my panties back on, I walked out just as Trevor was showing a young couple around the room. I wasn't certain, but I thought the scent of our action might still be in the air, as subtle as the perfume of the potpourri, but musky.

The man, a hip-looking black fellow with funky glasses, went right to the dresser and ran his hands over the surface. "This is good, sturdy furniture," he said.

His wife said, "Is there a furniture package? I do like that furniture."

The man went to the four-poster bed and stroked one of the posters, his eyebrows dancing suggestively. "I've always wanted one of these," he said.

The woman giggled and said to Trevor, "We're newlyweds."

Trevor grinned at her and said, "Oh, I remember that phase."

At that, the mention of his ex in such a happy manner, I got a terrible sensation in my gut, and the room began to swim, as though I might faint. I had to grasp onto the door frame to keep myself steady.

Things were moving so fast.

Not long after showing the couple around the bedroom, some of the sales staff returned to the show suite and took over.

Trevor poked around, taking more photos, and even got a long construction ladder from outside so he could crawl up into the attic space to look at the insulation.

The whole time, the three sales agents made small talk with me. Well, the two guys did, and the fair-haired woman just stared at me. I knew it was crazy, but I felt like she knew we'd had sex up in the bedroom.

So what? Who was she going to tell? Trevor was her boss, anyway. He could do whatever he wanted.

As I stared at the rented art on the walls, trying to find a deeper meaning in the mass-produced paintings, I wondered if that might be a problem: Trevor could do whatever he wanted.

We decided to have dinner back at my house, rather than his, since mine was closer. I suspiciously wondered if he was trying to keep some distance, keep me from getting to know him too well.

As we were preparing the pasta, in my family's kitchen, I finally got the courage to say something.

"Trevor, would you say you think about your time with your ex-wife ... fondly?"

He frowned over the vegetables he was chopping. "Where is this coming from? If you want to talk about the past, why don't you tell me about some of your relationships?"

"We don't have to have a huge discussion, but just a little info would help me fill in the blanks."

"What blanks?"

I poured a second glass of white wine for myself. "Earlier today, at the show suite, you said something about being a newlywed, and you had a big smile on your face."

"That?" He gave me a tough look, like a caged animal. "Sales, Naomi. You do know I work in sales."

"I guess I'm just being silly." I took another sip of my wine. "Just being a silly girl ..."

He didn't say anything to the contrary.

By the time dinner was ready, I wasn't hungry.

We sat in the same breakfast nook where we'd had lap-sex that morning, and we ate our pasta.

Finally, he picked up the clues and said, "What's up?"

"I don't want to pressure you to talk, because you say you're no good at it, but I'm wondering if that's just an excuse because you don't want to talk about relationships."

"I don't see why anyone would want to talk about relationships. It's like talking about the weather. What good does it do?"

"Don't tell me you're against communicating."

He stabbed his fork into the pasta. "I'm not against anything, except excruciating talks."

My sister's words echoed in my head: transitional relationship; rebound fling.

And that was when I decided I wasn't going to push. If he didn't want to talk, we wouldn't talk. He was handsome and kind and we'd been having the best sex of my life-I had no idea I could have sex in the morning and afternoon and not feel sated, but, rather, crave it even more by nightfall. Like a drug. A tall, handsome, slightly hairy drug.

I had my shoes off, so I casually nudged a foot over to the top of his foot and rubbed his toes.

He gave me a gentle smile. "That's nice," he said.

"Mm hmm."

"Hey, remember that time you ... uh ..."

"What?" I sipped my wine and gave him a flirty look.

"When you did that thing."

"When I f**ked you in the show suite? Earlier today? Or when I let you f**k me right here, in the breakfast nook?"

He chuckled. "No, that time at my house, when you did that thing."

I searched my memory, and what a pleasant memory it was. We'd had a great time at his house, the highlight being giving each other o**l s*x at the same time. What could he be so embarrassed about?

"Oh! You mean when I sucked your big toe?"

He blushed. It was the first time I'd seen him get embarrassed, and it made me want to rip his clothes off and eat him up right there, instead of dinner.

"Maybe you could do that again," he said. "If you want."

I gazed into his eyes. "You want me to put your big, hairy toe in my mouth and lick it and suck it and stroke it?"

He turned even more red and nodded.

Funny, there were some things he didn't seem to mind talking about.

That night, I did not suck on his toe.

We had sex in my little double-sized bed, twice, and it was mind-blowing, as it had been the first time.

I pretended to forget about the toe, even though I hadn't, and he was too embarrassed to ask.

Even na**d and aroused, I was still annoyed he'd refused to talk even just a little bit about his former life, and holding something back made me feel like I had more control over the situation than I did.

The truth was, I had no control at all.

Part 3: Take Your Teddy to Work

I kicked Trevor out of my house early on Sunday, so I could get everything tidied up before my parents returned from the lake.

Nikki came over, as she does every Sunday for family dinner, and the four of us sat on the back patio, even though the weather had turned cool. We all wore heavy jackets and joked about Dad using the barbecue in the snow that would be along soon.

Later, after dinner and dishes, Nikki and I retired to my bedroom to talk in private, without my mother and her plans to get one or both of us married off. She'd already asked, during dinner, if Trevor had any nice siblings, cousins, or friends for Nikki.

Nikki and I sat cross-legged on my bed, and I told her about my exciting visit to the show suite.

She rolled onto her back, convulsing with laughter. "No way! That's why we have three staff on all the time, to keep people from doing it on the display bed!"

"We didn't even touch the bed, at least."

She snorted.

"Don't tell anyone!" I immediately regretted telling her, since she worked for Trevor, and he didn't want his staff to know he broke the rules.

Nikki finally stopped laughing and said, "Okay, tell me about his you-know-what."

"I thought you didn't want to know. That it would be icky for you, since you know him."

"Yeah, but now I wanna know. Like, does the hairy part ... does the hair go up onto his you-know-what?"

"His penis? Yes, a little bit."

"Doesn't that scratch your vagina?"

"Not if I'm really wet, no. And he gets me really wet."

At that, she pretended to throw up in her mouth. "Okay, enough details," she said. "No more, that's enough."

After a moment, I said, "Do you think he still loves his wife?"

"Wouldn't it make you respect him more if he still cared about her?"

"That's not what I asked."

She twisted her lips, and then, finally, said, "He mentioned, once, that he'd always love her, no matter what. That he would always want for her to be happy, which was partly why he let her go."

I shrugged and said, "Oh well, whatever. At least the sex is totally hot and I'm going to have a good time for now. Transitional phase, right?"

She rolled onto her stomach on my bed, put her chin on her hand and said, "You look more grown up now. I like this thing you're doing with your hair, so natural. I'm glad the weird blue dye is gone, and you look really healthy and happy. I think Trevor's been good for you."

"Not been good. Is good."

She nodded. "Yeah."

Feeling annoyed, I said, with consternation in my voice, "How come you think this is a rebound and Mom thinks we're going to get married? How can our perspectives be so vastly different?"

"I don't know," she said. "Relationships, sis. Who knows!"

On Monday, I talked to some of my work friends about dating and divorce, but nobody told me what I wanted to hear. They said it would take years for a person to get over a marriage.

To cheer myself up, I tilted my monitor away from the door of my cubicle and read celebrity gossip on the internet all afternoon. Hollywood people didn't take years to get over a marriage. They were always getting right back into the dating scene. Not that Hollywood people are excellent role models or anything, but it did cheer me up to see people rushing headlong into new relationships.

I hadn't heard from Trevor, so I got out my cell phone near the end of the day and started to send him a text message. At first, it was just a boring hello, and then, inspiration struck, and I sent him a snapshot down my shirt, of my cle**age and bra.

I got a text back immediately.

It read: Panties?

I sent him back a text: Not wearing any.

(I was actually wearing some, as well as corduroy trousers, but that didn't sound nearly as flirty.)

Trevor: Damn.

Me: I wish I had something to suck on.

Trevor: Like what?

Me: I could go for a toe right now.

Trevor: Damn.

Me: You should come visit me at my work.

Trevor: Yeah.

Me: Yeah. I saw an interesting side of your work, and now I should show you mine.

Trevor: Your sister keeps asking me questions.

Me: Tell her to mind her own beeswax. What are you wearing?

Trevor: I've got your address.

Me: ... so ... you're coming here?

Trevor: Maybe.

Me: I actually am wearing panties.

Trevor: I will take them off. I will bite them off.

Me: !!!

Trevor: On my way.

I put away the phone and immediately the butterflies started up in my stomach. I was off work in fifteen minutes, and based on where his office was, he'd be arriving just as everyone was finishing up for the day. It wasn't at all unusual for people to have friends come by, because the place was interesting. Not the office, of course, but the theater and the backstage areas, the costume departments, and even the control rooms.

When I'd texted Trevor to suggest doing naughty things with him at my work, I'd been joking! And now he was coming over.

And I'd promised ... toe sucking.

Oh, Naomi, you silly girl.

He was a little later than expected, which was a relief, because most of the people were gone from the office and half the lights were turned out. He was dressed up way more than I'd ever seen him. On our dates, he'd been in casual but stylish clothes. Today, he wore an actual suit. A big, tall suit.

As he leaned down to give me a friendly, lingering kiss, I felt the pang in my sex, the desire. I ran my arms along his sides, under his suit jacket, and up his back. I nuzzled his chest and said, "You smell nice. Are you always dressed like this for work?"

"Had some important meetings," he said. "But that's all dealt with, and it's time to blow off some steam." As he said that, his hand scooped down over my bu**ocks and below, squeezing me and pulling me up to meet his lips for another kiss.

The sound of the cleaning lady's cart and its squeaky wheels broke us from our embrace. I felt light-headed again, woozy from the kissing and from my excitement for him.

I showed him around the now-empty office, from my modest cubicle, which he didn't seem too impressed by, to the shared kitchenette, which impressed him even less. "Laminate," he said, squeezing one of the cabinet doors in his big hand.

"This is the art world," I reminded him. "This little kitchen cost us less than your suit, I bet."

He smiled at me, as though suddenly remembering his manners. "No, I like it! It's cute. Everything's really homey, and I like all the colors and art."

I raised my eyebrows. "You don't have to fib."

"No, I'm not. It's not fancy, but it's not a show suite. I get that."

"Come on, I'll show you what you came for," I said, grabbing his hand.

"Wow, you don't waste any time," he said, looking appreciatively down my body.

"The theater," I said. "I'll show you around backstage."

He chuckled. "I knew what you meant."

Trevor had his hands all over me as I showed him around, explaining that a proscenium theater is the style where the stage is under an arch, the proscenium arch.

"Sounds sexy," he said as he kissed my shoulder, through my fuzzy fall sweater.

"Not as sexy as a thrust stage," I said. "That's the kind that thrusts out into the audience."

"Thrust," he said, grabbing my h*ps and grinding against me from behind.

The techies who were checking the sound for the evening's show stared our way. I knew most of the staff at the theater, even the ones who weren't in the office much, and I swear that when they saw me with Trevor, their eyes all bugged out of their heads.

I wanted to say to them all, I know, right? I mean, come on, look at this big teddy bear!

Trevor leaned down and whispered into my ear, "I need to have you."

I'd been thinking about getting a nice dinner together, somewhere cozy, but his deep voice in my ear sent a vibration through me, stronger than any sex toy.

I whispered, "Say that again."

He nibbled on my ear and pressed his hard c**k into my back. "I need to have you. I'm going to f**k you, Naomi. Right in front of all these people in their black T-shirts."

I giggled and put my hand over his mouth. My voice loud and business-like, I said, "I guess I should show you the props."

He pinched my bum. "Sure, the props. Show them to me. I want to see all the props."

We have a number of little rooms and areas backstage, but as I showed Trevor around, none of them were suitable for doing what I wanted to do to him. Everywhere we went, either the doors were locked and I didn't have a key, or there were people using the spaces for vocal warmups or stretches.

Finally, Trevor said, "It's okay, I think I got it to go to sleep."

I reached for his crotch, but he jumped back quickly. Laughing, he said, "Let's get dinner, we can play after."

I'd left my purse and cell phone up in the office, so we ran back up to get them. As we returned to my cubicle, he had his hands all over me again. The lights were mostly off now, with only two safety lights on in the entire office. Row upon row of cubicles were quiet and empty, the monitors turned off to save power.

"It's so quiet," I said.

He embraced me from behind as I leaned over to grab my purse from my drawer.

I stood, turned around, and he lifted my sweater up over my head. I had anticipated this and raised my arms to make it easier. He grabbed my br**sts and squeezed them once, kissing the tops of each, then he unfastened my bra. It dropped to the floor as he took one breast in his mouth. As he sucked the nipple, hard, a jolt went through me. He turned to the other nipple and sucked it, teasing it with his teeth and tongue.

A flush of warmth went to my pelvis. He smelled so good, so musky.

He pulled back from me long enough to remove his jacket, lay it over the cubicle wall, and loosen his tie. As he moved in again and clinched me in his arms, my fingers scrambled to undo the buttons of his shirt.

As the pinstriped shirt came off, he transformed from businessman to beast. My beast.

I ran my hands over the dark curls on his chest and took a turn sucking on his hard ni**les, tickling them with my tongue and teeth as he had done to me.

The air-conditioned air was cool on my exposed skin, making me shiver, but not for long. He stepped out of his suit pants and shoes and began to work on peeling off my corduroy trousers. "Damnit, why no skirt?" he said.

"Can't make it too easy for you," I joked.

He growled, like a bear, and finally got them off.

I had barely stepped out of my panties and he had his hands on me, and in me. He rubbed my cl*t as he fingered me, probing me. It felt so good to have him touching me. He pushed me back so I was sitting on my desk, and he drove his fingers deeper as he sucked on my br**sts at the same time. The intensity drove me wild. It was almost too much.

My hand flailed out, reaching for his cock, disappointed to find it was still stuck inside his shorts. He rapidly brought me to my first orgasm, and I moaned and squirmed around helplessly on my desk. I panted and gasped, sucking in air as he sucked on first one and then the other nipple, sending electrical jolts through me as my orgasm rocked my body with pleasurable pulses.

He took a break and pulled back slowly, smiling at me, lit only by a far-away light and my computer monitor, which had flicked on at some point, probably when I'd nearly sat on the mouse.

"Wow," I said. "I've never had so much fun at work."

"Just repaying the favor you did me at the show suite."

My mouth watered for him. I sat up and grabbed him by the cock. He let me lead him closer, and I peeled down his underwear.

I said, "Still want me to suck your toe?"

"Not now," he said, grinning.

"Want me to suck something else?"

He nodded vigorously.

"Take a seat," I said, nodding to my office chair, a little black swivel number with no armrests.

He sat, and I slid off my desk and got onto my hands and knees. As he'd done for me at the show suite, I crawled toward him.

I nuzzled his legs, letting my hair trail along, up and down his legs. I doubted he could feel my soft hair much through his leg hair, so I resorted to biting him, giving little love bites all the way up both thighs. He seemed to shiver.

"You cold?" I asked.

"Nope."

"Good." I grabbed his shaft in my hand and rolled my tongue around the head of his dick.

He groaned with pleasure as I took him into my mouth, licking and sucking. I got in close to him, squeezing my br**sts against his thighs as I licked and sucked him. He ran his arms over my shoulders and up and down my back, telling me how nice it felt.

That aching sensation returned to my vagina, and as I bobbed up and down on his delicious rod, I couldn't stop thinking about how I wanted him inside me again.

He seemed to be reading my mind, because he said, "Wanna climb up on me?"

I didn't wait for a second invitation, but stood and straddled him.

We had one problem. With my legs spread apart, I was too low to get him comfortably into my opening.

In a flash of inspiration, I pulled the lever on the bottom of the seat to lower the height of the chair.

Like magic, we were perfectly adjusted.

"You're so beautiful," Trevor said, and his lips grazed my nipple. I leaned in so he could take me in his mouth as I slid his head into my opening. He sucked my breast as I lowered myself onto him, relishing every tingle of sensation. "So beautiful," he said, bowing his head into me as he thrust.

I leaned back, looking up to the ceiling as he thrust into me, simultaneously rocking me back and forth. His hands seemed to be everywhere at once, and his mouth. I didn't understand what my arms and legs were doing, but we were locked together in a passionate rhythm, like dancers.

I didn't know why I'd been so afraid of his big cock, when it fit so perfectly inside me. I spread my legs wider, so he could more easily roll me back and forth on the length of him. His c**k stiffened even more, and my back began to sweat as I got into the rhythm of my next orgasm.

I came before him, shaking and writhing and sweating. He seemed to drink in every bit of my ecstasy, coaxing me and telling me how beautiful I was when I came. He sucked on my ni**les and rubbed my damp back with his strong hands.

As our rhythm slowed down, I said, "Do you want me to go down again? I'll finish you with my mouth. You'll like it."

"Stand and move back," he said.

I eased off of him, his c**k springing up after I released it.

Standing before him, I covered my br**sts self-consciously.

"Don't cover up," he said, nudging my hands down. "You're perfect. Even in this office light, it's like the moon is shining on you."

Then he stood and embraced me, the tip of his c**k well up past my belly button.

I pressed my br**sts together with my hands and gave him a coy look. "Like this?"

"I'm not that tall," he said. Glancing over my shoulder, he said, "I see the perfect place."

He grabbed my hand and led me over to the photocopier, a small one. He lifted me up, but I was too high, my vagina just touching the tip of his cock. "We could play just-the-tip," I said.

He lifted me off the machine easily with one strong arm, flipped up the lid, and repositioned me on the glass.

I started laughing, then laughed harder when he pushed the green button. The machine trembled and shook itself from its slumber, and as I ran my hands over Trevor's muscular pectoral muscles, the light below me turned on and the bar under the glass purred along under my bu**ocks.

I barely noticed the photocopier after that, because Trevor yanked me toward him and slid the head up and down along my lips, getting everything wet and ready. He nudged my legs wider, saying he wanted to get a good look at me. A green light was on inside the machine, below the glass, casting an otherworldly glow on both of our na**d bodies.

He pushed the tip of his c**k to my opening, and though he had softened during all the mucking about with the photocopier, he was rapidly straightening out.

"Damn, you're pretty," he said.

He kissed my shoulders, my neck, my ears. I tilted my chin up to afford him more access. He kissed around to the other side, his five o-clock shadow rasping against me pleasantly. He sucked my earlobe, and as I whimpered with confused pleasure into his ear, I felt his sex harden and enter me.

"You feel so good," he said, thrusting deeper.

I grabbed onto his broad shoulders to pull myself closer to him.

First the dresser at the show suite, and now the photocopier. I spread my legs wider to encourage him in deeper, so that his h*ps weren't held back by my legs.

Deeper he plunged, the beautiful head of his c**k thrumming in and out of my pu**y. I guided one of his hands down to my nub, and as he stroked over my clit, warmth radiated out and through me. I imagined my heat pulsing through him as well.

He pulled me forward, toward him, once, and then again, and then he had my legs up, in his arms, and I was resting partly on my lower back, my upper back against the wall. It shouldn't have been comfortable, and yet it was perfect. With his loving hand on my clit, stroking me as he pumped in and out, I closed my eyes and climbed up higher and higher, until I exploded, gasping. Fireworks.

His eyes were closed, his face intense, both focused and relaxed, in pain and in ecstasy. I quietly watched him as he cl**axed, unaware I was watching. His face was so handsome, such a man's face, intense with those strong eyebrows and that sexy chin. His jaw muscles clenched and the tendons in his neck grew taut, and then his eyes flew open and he released into me.

He reached around and drew me to him, lifting me up, and he came inside me, hot and urgent, saying my name, over and over. "Naomi, Naomi, Naomi."

As he slowed down, squeezing my ass and straining against me, I said, "Trevor."

He kissed me, stopping me from saying his name, but I murmured it into his lips, as he murmured my name into mine.

As we got dressed after, I could have sworn I heard something, like the sound of keys tapping, but when I mentioned it and Trevor listened, we heard nothing.

With my clothes on, I dashed into the kitchenette, got some cleaning supplies, and gave the photocopier a good once-over, just to be courteous to my co-workers. A perfect imprint of my bare ass cheeks was on the glass of the photocopier, which Trevor and I both had a giggle over.

He took the photocopy of my butt from the machine, folded it several times, and stuck it in his pocket.

"It's so blurry," I said. "You can't even tell it's a na**d bum."

"Yes, but I know," he said. "And that's all that counts."

"Oh, Trevor," I said.

He kissed me on the cheek. "Dinner?"

I insisted we go somewhere casual. He took me to a fast food drive-through, as a joke, I think, but when we looked at the menu, we agreed the cheeseburgers and fries did look good.

We ordered, paid, and parked a ways up the street, where we ate inside the truck.

"Your truck is so clean," I said. "I wouldn't think you'd eat in here, or let anyone else."

He took a sip of his drink. "This may be the first time."

"First time for everything," I said.

He patted the pocket that contained the photocopy of my bum. "I'll say."

His tie wasn't on, but he was still wearing his nice suit, with two napkins spread across his lap to protect the pants from his messy burger.

I said, "Chili burger, huh?"

"So good," he said around the mouthful. "I haven't had one in ages. Roxie doesn't let me eat fast food."

I pulled one of my fries from the container, careful not to overreact without thinking.

He took another sip of his drink and said, "That's my ex. Roxie. I didn't tell you her name, did I?"

"No, you didn't. What do you mean she doesn't let you eat fast food? Doesn't sounds like the present. What's going on?"

"Oh." He crumpled up the wrapper from his burger. "Slip of the tongue."

"You guys are divorced, aren't you?"

"We're separated. That's basically divorced."

I felt myself getting chilly, or feeling chilly, at least. "No, those aren't the same things. They're very different things." My voice got hard, matching my emotions. "Listen, maybe I'm a rebound fling for you, just some girl you're f**king to cleanse your palate, but do me the courtesy of being honest."

He stared straight ahead, not meeting my gaze. The vehicle interior was dark, with only a bit of streetlamp illuminating us.

"We're completely over. She's just staying with me temporarily."

I inhaled sharply. "She's staying with you?"

He turned, met my eyes, then turned away as quickly. "Oh, yeah. I was going to tell you that tonight, but then you distracted me, with your sexy body."

I crumpled the fast food packages in my hand and tossed the bag on the floor.

"I think you'd better drive me home, or I'm going to throw up in your nice truck."

He turned, looking worried. "Are you sick? Was it the food?"

"No, Trevor. It's my reaction to you still living with your wife, from whom you are not f**king divorced."

"We're separated. And she twisted her ankle, so she couldn't get around in her duplex, because it's on three different levels, so she's in one of the guest rooms."

"Perfect."

"Naomi."

"Trevor."

He shook his head and started the vehicle. I'd meant for him to drive me back to my office, so I could get my car, but he took me home instead. I remembered the car when we pulled up in front of my house, but by this point, I couldn't stand to be in the vehicle with him one more second.

"Naomi, I really like you," he said.

"Yeah? I think you really like ha**ng s*x with me. I don't think you know me."

"Come on. That's not fair. It takes two to tango, and you were all over me on our first date."

"Maybe. But I didn't not tell you I had some ex living with me. Some ex I wasn't actually divorced from."

He turned off the engine, but I already had my hand on the door.

"I'm going through a transitional phase right now," I said.

"You are?"

"Yeah." I took a calming breath and let my voice get soft and mellow. "Sorry I got so upset with you. I was just shocked, but I think this is a good thing for both of us."

"We can get past this."

"No." I shook my head, feeling more sure of my idea. "We should get over this. We both have issues from our past we needed to get over. I was chasing around boys who weren't dating material, and you are a really nice guy, Trevor. Really nice. And you showed me what it could be like to date a real man, and I think I helped you out too. I think I took your mind off your ex, and now you're ready to date someone. Soon. Not immediately, but she's out there."

I patted him on the leg and he just stared at me, his mouth open.

I thought about my sister, at her office, working for Trevor, and about things being awkward for her if it all ended badly for me and Trevor, so I said, "No hard feelings, right? Maybe we can go out again, sometime in the future. As friends."

"Friends ..." he murmured, sounding completely confused.

"Lesson learned," I said to him. "This is what happens when you won't talk. Someone else has to do all the talking. I'm fine with talking. Look at me, talking up a storm." I gave him a forced grin. "So, as I was saying, I had a really great time with you on our first date, and on the second, and on whatever the hell this was. Especially the bit with the photocopier. Really fun." I shook my head, chuckling. "I will not look at that photocopier the same way again. So, let's kiss now. We'll kiss goodnight, we'll say goodbye. Don't get out of the truck, I'll let myself out, okay?"

"Naomi ..."

I kissed him on the mouth to shut him up. His hands reached up for my head, to hold me close, but I pulled away from him.

I wasn't going to let him break my heart, not any more than he already had.

With my head held high, I pulled away, jumped out of the truck, and walked up to my house.

I kept my composure as I opened the door, and then, inside, as I said hello to my parents, who were just finishing dinner. They were having chili and green salad and brown rice. A chocolate cake sat on the counter nearby.

Keeping myself composed, I said, "I ate at the office. Had to work late, and now I have to go check my email for something."

Mom shook her head. "They work you too hard!"

I shrugged. "I guess some people never learn."

My father gave me a quizzical look, then said, "We'll save you some cake. You look like you need it."

"Thanks." I gave them each a hug, then I ran to my room, shut the door, and cried.

After I was out of tears, I started cleaning my room. I got a storage box and put away some of the collectibles I'd started gathering when I was little-mostly statues of horses and kitties and the usual girlie stuff.

I rearranged the furniture to be different, to offer a fresh perspective. And, because looking at the pink sheets reminded me of seeing Trevor lying on them, with his big, manly body, I tore them off the bed and re-made it with plain, white, grown-up sheets.

My sister felt Trevor was transitional, as in representing a change in me.

And it was true. Cleaning my room had just got me started, and I was planning my next move, moving out on my own, away from the easy comfort of my parents. I had a few friends who might make good roommates, or I could get a modest place, on my own. It would cost me in rent, but home was still right there, and dinner on Sunday nights. I started to get excited about buying new dishes and setting up my very own kitchen.

When I climbed into bed to go to sleep, I could have sworn I could still smell Trevor on the sheets, then I realized I hadn't showered, and I was just smelling him on me.

I got up, had a shower, and cried some more.

Part 4: A Legend in the Office

On Tuesday, people kept casually dropping by my desk to chat. I finally figured out that some of the techies had passed along word that I'd been touring around a big, handsome man, and he'd had his hands all over me. People had spotted us kissing.

Everyone at the office was so excited for me that I couldn't break their hearts and tell them it was over, that it had been wonderful, but now it was done. I smiled and said, "We're just friends. He's getting out of a long-term relationship, so I'm taking it slow and giving him time and space."

As I said the positive words and smiled, it had a healing effect on my heart and soul. I believed it. We were friends. Nothing terrible had happened, just a few omissions of the truth.

So he had his ex-wife staying at his house for some flimsy reason. She probably heard he was seeing someone new and realized what a terrible mistake she'd made. I couldn't blame the woman, not really. Trevor was a great catch.

I thought about that expression, about loving something, setting it free, and having it come back to you. If Trevor came back to me, it would mean something.

He didn't call me on Tuesday.

Every break I took, I whipped out my phone and re-read his sexy text messages from Monday, enjoying the pleasant memories.

I made some photocopies, just to spend time near the machine, to reminisce.

He didn't call Wednesday or Friday or any of the other days that end in y.

He didn't text, either.

On the weekend, I confessed everything to Nikki, because she was asking a lot of questions-just to me, because Trevor point-blank told her he wouldn't discuss his personal life with her.

She hugged me, apologized, and promised to either never set me up again, or at least to do a better job the next time.

The next week, seven days after I'd brought Trevor to my office and had sex with him in my cubicle and on the photocopier, my work friend Chad (the g*y one ... I mean, one of the g*y ones) told me he'd treat me to lunch.

We went to the cafe up the street and sat inside, near the fireplace. It was October now, and sitting on the sidewalk in the summer sun was a distant memory.

Chad's a coffee addict like me, so we were both enjoying lattes before our grilled sandwiches and soup came.

I said, "What's up? You have a devilish smile."

"Oh, honey, that's just my face. It always looks like this," he said, his grin even more devilish.

"Do you have a boyfriend?"

He acted shy, with a hand over his face. "I called someone for a second date. And then we had a third."

"I'm so happy for you!"

"Thanks," he said, and then he spilled some more details. The guy had been a casual hook-up, from the gym, but they'd enjoyed each other's company beyond the sex, and things were progressing.

I said, "Soon you'll get a dog together."

"Let's not rush," Chad said, beaming. He turned serious, saying, "Now, what's up with you and your big hunky man? It sounded to me like you guys really enjoyed each other's company."

"I don't know," I said, trying to push him off with a white lie.

Chad grabbed my hand across the table. "Naomi. Really. The photocopier?"

Time stood still around me and the shock washed over me. "What are you talking about?" My heart was beating rapidly, pounding in my chest. Did people know? Were there security cameras? Was that why everyone had been staring at me?

Chad's grin turned devilish again. "Don't panic! Nobody else knows but me. Little old me, who was all alone in the dark office, working on some spreadsheets."

"Oh, Chad. You were there? You saw ... everything?"

"I was in my cubicle, and I only popped my head up a few times, so, no, I didn't see everything. Though I must confess I did take a good look at the man's ass when he was, how-you-say, refilling the photocopier toner."

I crushed both of my hands into my face. "Oh, Chad. I'm horrified. Just horrified."

"Don't sweat it! Do you know how many people will go their whole lives and not do anything that fun? You sounded like you were having a good time. Really good. I think it would be frowned upon, in general, by the company, but we do work in the theater. I think most people would understand. Love is sacred and it supersedes everything. Our bodies are designed to give and receive pleasure."

"Thanks." I rubbed my face to avoid eye contact.

The waiter arrived with our meals, hot and fragrant. I had pumpkin soup and a grilled cheese sandwich.

I confessed everything to Chad, telling him I'd broke it off with Trevor, because he'd lied to me, by omitting the detail about his ex-wife living with him.

Chad listened, nodding and sampling his soup.

Finally, he said, "Naomi, don't be stupid."

His words stung, and I recoiled, hurt.

He saw my face and quickly added, "I mean, don't be like me when I'm stupid. I'm the stupid one, so I should know. You need to get over these little bumps, these hiccups."

"Hiccups?"

"You need to call that big sexy man up and tell him you need your photocopier toner refilled."

"You mean sext him? A text message asking for sex? Shouldn't I just call him and ask him how he is?"

"You said he doesn't like to talk about his feelings. So, how do you think he'll feel getting that text?"

"Stressed."

"Okay, so why not take the middle line. You don't have to be so forward and tell him you want his big c**k inside you, reaming you, churning your buttercream-"

"Chad!" I blushed and fanned my face. I mean, I did want Trevor's big c**k inside me, reaming me, but I didn't want to talk about it in the middle of a cafe I had lunch at regularly.

"Send him something light and flirty. Something that says you think he's great."

"Uh ..."

Chad reached for my phone, which was on the table, and raised an eyebrow at me. "May I?"

"Send him a text message from me?" I thought about it for a moment. It had been a week since I'd seen Trevor, and checking in wouldn't be inappropriate. "Sure, go for it. But no reaming talk. Not like that."

Chad tapped away, smiling, then frowning, deliberating.

A few minutes later, I said, "What are you typing, War and Peace?"

He handed me back the phone. The message had already been sent to Trevor. I had thought Chad would compose the message for my approval, and I'd send it, but it was already gone.

But ... I couldn't have done it better myself, really.

The text message simply read:

Hey, big guy. What are you wearing?

I set the phone on the table and we finished our lunch, both of us glancing over at the phone, waiting for Trevor to respond.

He didn't.

By Friday, I'd almost forgot all about Trevor. And by almost, I mean I'd stopped thinking about him for hours at a time, sometimes as long as three hours.

I was surprised when, at midnight Friday night, I got a text message from him.

It read: Hey, why donit you come ovar? (The two spelling mistakes should have been my first clue it was a drunk text.)

He sent me three more messages, each more insistent than the last, and his address.

I turned off my phone and climbed into my bed, with the grown-up, white sheets.

After a few minutes, I started to imagine what might happen if I went to his house. I remembered my first visit there, when he'd picked me up in the foyer and set my bum on a side table while he'd rubbed his bulge into my crotch, through my tights.

And then, later in his bedroom, on that magnificent King-sized bed. We locked together in reverse, with me on top and his dick in my mouth, my pu**y in his, fitting together perfectly, giving and receiving pleasure simultaneously.

The heat between my legs grew more insistent. The house was quiet, and my door was shut, so I slipped one hand down under the covers and rubbed myself through my panties. It felt good to be touched, to be massaged.

I pushed the other hand down there, inside my panties, and wiggled my fingers around to get them wet. I pulsed my clit, fast then slow, thinking about Trevor. Nailing me in the show suite, on the dresser, as strangers were milling around downstairs. Trevor. Fingering me on my own desk, in my office, where I work, and making me come.

Unfortunately, my hands didn't have that same magic his did, and I couldn't get off. I rolled onto my stomach, driving my mound harder and harder into my fingers, but it only started to sting and not feel good. There was nothing I could do to give me the satisfaction I craved, so I rolled out of bed, threw on some clothes from the floor, and crept out of the house.

"This is crazy," I told myself as I drove into the half-circle driveway that looped at the front of Trevor's huge house in the suburbs. "I should go home."

Instead, I parked the car and walked up to his front door.

I didn't ring the doorbell, because the lights were out and I wasn't sure if his ex-wife was still staying at the house or not. I did not want to see her, not tonight, not with me in my sweatpants, there in the middle of the night for a booty call, of all the things.

I had texted Trevor when I got in my car, so he knew I was coming, and I texted him again.

Two long minutes later, he opened the door.

Completely naked.

With a semi-firm erection.

He threw the door open wide, for anyone to see, and said, "Naomi! You came over!"

"You're drunk."

"I had a few." He waved me in.

I came in, feeling both uncomfortable and a little excited. As he grabbed me and kissed me roughly, his penis got even more firm, pressing into my stomach. I grabbed his shaft with my hand and squeezed it. Oh, yeah, that was what I wanted.

He said, "You want some wine? You have to catch up with me. Come to my room! I have wine!"

"I bet you do." I glanced around, annoyed to see women's shoes strewn about the foyer. His ex-wife. And where was she at the moment? In bed? Had she been responsible for his drunken state?

Trevor tried to pick me up, but I told him I didn't feel safe going up the stairs in his arms when he was inebriated.

"I'm not," he pointed a finger at me, a wavering finger, "I'm not ineb-eb-eb-ated."

I smacked him on the ass and said, "Let's see if you can still f**k when you're drunk."

He gasped, his mouth making an exaggerated O shape. "Naomi! You are talking so dirty. I like you." He nuzzled my hair and tried to kiss me.

I grabbed his hand and led him up the stairs.

True to his word, Trevor did have wine in his room. And beer. And scotch.

I didn't want to be stone-cold sober while he was having so much fun, so I poured a few glugs of scotch into a glass and tossed it back. And then again.

The scotch in my stomach radiated with warmth, filling me with golden light. I was starting to like scotch.

Trevor lay back on his bed, spread-eagle. "Come sit on me," he said. "Sit anywhere."

I poured some wine from the open bottle into a glass-his dresser had been turned into a makeshift bar, complete with an ice bucket, and some chips and pretzels-and had a sip.

Within a few minutes, I had a nice buzz, and Trevor's drunken actions weren't as comical, but seemed sweet and funny.

He stared, wide-eyed, as I stripped for him, peeling off my sweatpants, T-shirt, and sports bra as though they were made of silk and sequins.

"Damn," he said, his deep voice sending shivers up and down my spine.

I climbed onto his four-poster bed from the bottom, and I remembered that thing he'd wanted me to do.

I turned around, showing him my ass, which he began to gratefully squeeze.

His feet were clean and smelled good, and the idea of making him moan sent more shivers through me. I deliberately ran my tongue along the top of his foot, through the dark curls, and then sucked the tip of his toe. He squirmed with pleasure underneath me.

"Damn."

I sucked the toe harder, taking it all into my mouth. I was on my hands and knees, facing his feet, and at the same time, he moved one of his hands off my ass cheek and dragged a finger down my aching crease, through my opening and then under, to my clit. He was a little rough and clumsy, due to the drinks, but it was exactly what I was in the mood for.

He stroked away, moaning and squirming under me, and I sucked his toe like it was a cock.

After a few minutes, he roughly grabbed me by the legs and yanked me back. His toes (I was sucking several at a time) popped out of my mouth as he pulled my wet pu**y up to his mouth. His tongue was hot, compared to his fingers, and the pressure was softer, but so good, and driving me crazy.

I'd been so focused on him that I'd barely noticed I was close to the edge, riding near the point of cl**ax.

His eager c**k was now directly under my face. I didn't waste any time licking around the head or teasing him. I just popped him in my mouth and started to suck, using one hand wrapped around the base to assist.

He moaned into my pu**y and began to pulse my entire body back and forth, setting my rhythm.

It felt so good to have him in my mouth while he was licking my clit, so good, but that wasn't what I'd come over for.

I slowly dragged him out of my mouth and pulled myself out of his grasp. I turned around, threw my leg over his broad chest, and started to settle down on top of him, guiding his member into my opening.

"Wait," he said.

I froze.

"I want to make love to you," he said.

I inched down, my eyelids fluttering with pleasure as he filled me. "That's what we're doing."

He grabbed me by the waist with his strong arms and easily lifted me off. I let him move me like a doll, positioning me on my back in the middle of the bed. He fussed around with the many pillows on the bed, tucking two under my h*ps and one under my back and head, so I was elevated.

He positioned himself over me, between my legs, and entered me in one movement.

The world lit up with color. He had so much red in the room. Red curtains, red pillows, red art on the wall. He moved out and then in again, and I reached up for him, pulling his chest close to mine. He let some of his weight come down onto me, squeezing me along my front, comforting me.

He continued to shift, back and forth, stroking deliciously in and out of me with that too-big c**k that somehow magically fit in my petite body.

With all the pillows underneath me, our height difference didn't seem so odd at all. He curled forward and kissed me, breathing heavily now.

I opened my mouth wide and spread my legs wider at the same time. He pulled out, nibbled at my lips, then entered me, his c**k and also his tongue. I opened wider, inviting more.

What happened next was dream-like. I lost the ability to think, to do anything but breathe and receive pleasure. He kept crashing into me, his c**k relentless, desperate for me, and I had an orgasm, followed by another. Everything pooled together, and we were just bodies, joined. His fingers interlaced with mine, and as we kissed, he breathed out as I breathed in, both of us living off each other, sharing our heat, our energy.

He pulled away from my mouth suddenly and tilted his body up, pulling his sweating chest off mine. His body shook and his face tensed up as he came, flooding me with his hot seed.

I smiled as I pointed my toes, tensing under him.

When he stopped shuddering, he pulled himself out and fell to the bed beside me, breathing heavily.

I wiggled over to pull the pillows out from underneath myself, then I rolled onto my side and curled up next to him. I rested my cheek on his arm, drinking in the scent of his musk coming from his underarms.

After a moment, I sat up to kiss him, and when my lips met his, he stirred, pulling away. He wasn't aware of what was happening. The man was already asleep, or passed out.

I rolled away, over to a dry spot of the bed, feeling sticky from the sweat all over me. I had some of his chest hairs down my front, stuck to me. I half-laughed at the hairs as I got up and went to his deluxe bathroom.

I rinsed off in his shower, luxuriating under the multiple streams of water. As I got his scent off me, I began to think more clearly. Why the hell had I come over? Were we back together, or was this simply what it looked like, a booty call?

After the shower, I stood at the foot of his bed, staring at the big, furry man in his big bed. He stirred in his sleep, grabbing at the cover on the bed and dragging it over himself, nearly covering all of him. I went to his side and coaxed him around so I could get the covers out from under him and then over him. He curled up and smiled in his sleep, looking so sweet and innocent.

I leaned down and kissed him on his cheek, then put on my clothes, and showed myself out.

As I drove home, singing along with the stereo, I felt good.

Grown-ups did stuff like this. They had sex and fulfilled each other's needs. I'd been craving something, and I'd gotten it. Oh, had I gotten it. I had a feeling I might be a little sore in the morning, a little bruised on the inner thighs.

I wondered if Trevor would even remember me in the morning, remember that I'd been there.

Would he call?

What had he meant when he'd said "make love to you"?

Sure, he wasn't willing to talk about his feelings, but that didn't mean he didn't still have them.

And what about me? What were my feelings? In addition to the overpowering lust and growing addiction I had for his incredible body and the pleasure it gave me, was there something else?

The End of Her Teddy Bear #2

