1: Where There's Smoke, There's a Fireman

What did I do after Luthor Thorne left me in the pitch-black restaurant's private room, with coffee all down my shirt? I got out my cell phone and used the flashlight app as a night light. The room wasn't even painted, can you believe it? There was primer on the walls, by the look of it, but you could see all the seams from the sheetrock. And I had to wait in that ugly room for five minutes.

After four minutes and fifty-nine seconds of glaring at the shoddy decor inside the room, I was out the door. People yelled at me for having my phone on, lighting up their dark dinner, but I didn't care. I wanted out. Now.

Instead of going home, I gave the taxi driver Suzanne's address, and I went there.

Her husband opened the townhouse door, took one look at me, and decided he was going to stay in the den watching TV.

I had bits of food and coffee all down the front of me, my skirt was wrinkled up, and I looked like hell. Suzanne dabbed her finger on my blouse, smelled her finger, and said, "Chocolate. And something else. Pear?"

"Pretty much," I said, taking a seat on a stool at her kitchen island.

She put on the kettle for tea and said, "You're dressed up fancy. Don't even try to pass this off as the pool boy. There's no way you'd let a pool boy-" she waved her hand up and down me "-do this to you."

"Luthor Thorne."

She blinked, and then, slowly, she nodded. "The walk-in closet. Yes. I knew I shouldn't have sent you on that job. That woman who works for him, Grace, she was asking the strangest questions. Even had me email her a photo of you."

"That witch!"

Suzanne shuddered and rubbed her arms. She was not a very big girl, and with her small frame and dyed-red hair, she looked like a little doll in her oversized kitchen. "I feel dirty," she said, then whispered, "I gave that man phone sex."

I pointed to the dessert I was wearing. "Yes, Suzanne, clearly you're the party who's been wronged. Tell me, Suzanne, what can I do to make you feel better."

"Shit." She grabbed the whistling kettle and poured the tea. "I'm sorry. Tell me what happened. Some sort of food fight? You don't seem drunk. How did this happen?"

So I told her everything, from our unconventional meet-cute at the mansion, to Mr. Luthor Thorne telling me about the strange bet he'd made with his assistant, which had him unable to see a woman for months. I continued the lurid tale, right up to our date earlier that evening. We'd had dinner at the dark restaurant, which he owned, and then sex, also in the restaurant, then he'd left me there to find my way home.

Suzanne said, "And then you showed up on my doorstep."

"I need help, and it was either you or my mother."

"Your mother would have been an expensive cab ride."

I smiled. "Exactly."

Suzanne grabbed the milk and sugar and took a seat beside me. "Here's what you're gonna do," she said.

I left Suzanne's feeling a little better. Suzanne was only slightly older than me, but she was married, so that made her an expert. She was also a really good friend, and she made me feel better just by being my friend. By my calculations, I had to be pretty special to deserve a pal like her.

On Monday, I was back to my regular job, my regular life, which didn't involve dating billionaires, but organizing the junk of millionaires.

I was at Mrs. Chong's helping sort the woman's collectibles when Suzanne called me on my cell. Mrs. Chong made a comment about young people and their phones, but she let me take a break.

"He called," Suzanne said, sounding excited. "He tried to book you for an organizing job on a yacht. I told him you refused to work for him and offered to send someone else."

"Suzanne!" I yelled. "A yacht? I've never been on a yacht."

"Lexie, we never discussed a yacht scenario! I did as we agreed and told him no. Now, don't be weak. What would your mother tell you to do?"

I sighed. "Let him come to me."

"Exactly. She used to tell me the same thing. That's how I got my proposal. The thing is, I'd already given up and started putting together an online dating profile-"

"Stop! For the love of clean towels, Suzanne, I adore you, but I don't want to hear your proposal story again."

"Oh."

"Wound. Salt. Single girl here. Single and horny."

"Why are you always so horny all the time?"

I clicked the door shut on the bathroom I was hiding in to take the call. "I'm probably a nympho."

"Nobody says nympho anymore. It's called sex addiction, and you can go to rehab for it now. Like David Duchovny."

My pu**y was aching. It must have been the idea of the yacht. Of being on a yacht, out on the ocean, with Mr. Luthor Thorne bringing me margaritas and then pulling off my white yacht trousers. We'd be on the deck of the boat, bathed in sunshine glaring off the white surface, and I'd sip my margarita as he licked the salt from my body, hands moving up, tongue moving down ...

And David Duchovny would be there, looking all hot and kinda old but still sexy, and he'd say something sarcastic, and then Mr. Thorne would invite him to take over. Then Mr. Thorne would be watching, a giant bulge in his white yacht trousers, as the handsome movie star dove between my legs and ...

A woman's voice said, "Lexie. Are you even listening?"

I snapped out of my daydream. The phone was still at my ear, held up with my shoulder, and I had both hands down the front of my jeans.

"I'm not a sex addict," I snapped as I pulled out my hands. "Sex is a natural urge. You don't call someone a food addict just because they get hungry now and then."

"Do you want me to call Mr. Thorne back and tell him you'll go meet him on his yacht?"

"Yes."

"Congratulations, you're a sex addict."

"Eat a dirty butt," I said, and I hung up.

A few minutes later, I sent her a text message: Sorry for losing my cool. Thanks for looking out for me.

Ten minutes later, when I was elbow-deep in Mrs. Chong's collection of Royal Family memorabilia, being strangely aroused by an 80s-era plate with a dashing Prince Charles on the surface, Suzanne wrote back: I'm currently negotiating a better offer from Mr. Thorne. I've thought it through and you can use the money. I'll set aside a portion of my commission to pay for sex addiction treatment for you after.

Me: WHAT? AFTER WHAT???

Suzanne: Can't talk. Busy. Will let you know.

After a long, grueling day organizing other people's things, I returned home. Suzanne hadn't returned my calls, and my condo seemed to be holding its breath, waiting. Everything was still. The rooms all seemed an inch smaller, and older.

The intercom buzzed.

I ran to it excitedly, answered breathlessly. "Yes?"

"Alexis, this is Mrs. O'Hara. I seem to have forgotten my keys."

Of course. I guess I'd been expecting Mr. Thorne, or a delivery from him, like when he'd sent me the dinner invitation. As I took the elevator down to help my elderly neighbor, I considered how time plays tricks on memories. After I'd been ditched at the restaurant, having been rode hard and put away wet (in Grace's equestrian terms), I'd been so pissed at Mr. Thorne. But now, thinking he could have been downstairs pressing my buzzer, my passionflower had blossomed in my panties, just at the possibility.

Indeed, talking to Mrs. O'Hara while I was walking her groceries into her condo, hyper-aware of my engorged labia rubbing deliciously against each other, was a mix of pleasure and annoyance.

She showed me the cyst she'd had lanced, and still, I couldn't get turned back off again. I kept thinking about Mr. Thorne and that sexy body of his. He wasn't as thick and muscled as my friend Jacob, the fireman, but he was graceful. The man knew how to move.

When he'd been behind me in the dark restaurant, thrusting in and out, I'd tilted up, opening myself more to him. I wanted him deep inside me. I wanted to see his face as he came, make him say my name, kiss me, forget everything in the world but me.

Dear old Mrs. O'Hara knew something was up. She chided me for trying to put her crackers in the fridge and took them from my hand. "Man trouble?"

"Sorta. It's fine. Just the usual." I was reluctant to discuss my love life issues with her, as she'd only lost her husband a year earlier, and I didn't want to bring up painful memories.

She opened a box of cookies and offered me one. "The technology has changed, but the heartbreak, the nerves, the anxieties, that hasn't changed at all. So, what's the issue? Is he dating multiple girls or just commitment phobic?"

"He's very rich."

"Just as easy to love a rich man as a poor man. What's the real issue?"

I laughed at her ability to simplify. "What we have so far has been built on sex. Just pure, crazy, unbelievable sex."

Her white eyebrows shot up. "Nothing wrong with that. If two people give each other some pleasure, that should be considered a victory for love."

"But how do I move from sex to love?"

"The third time's the charm. Or maybe the fifth." She rubbed the fine white whiskers on her chin. "Or is it four. Doesn't matter. Why don't you give him a little surprise. Stick one of your fingers up his bumhole."

"Mrs. O'Hara!"

She tipped her head to the side nonchalantly. "You gotta know how to work the pipes, dear. Play the mouth organ at the same time."

I was still giggling when I got back to my condo down the hall.

I'd learned a lot about Mrs. O'Hara, including that she'd been a dancer back in the day, and quite the little fox. She'd had a number of male suitors, and when she set her sights on the one she wanted, Mr. O'Hara, she'd hit him with every trick she had, but mainly the finger up the bum. I wasn't planning to go there myself, but ... perhaps if I did see Mr. Thorne again and he was being cheeky, I'd give him a little surprise.

Come to think of it, my fireman friend Jacob had fingered me in my second hole, and it had felt rather nice. Tingly.

Inside my door, I dropped my keys in the bowl by the door. I visited my bedroom to grab a waterproof toy, and I filled the tub with hot water and a few drops of aromatherapy oil.

Thinking about Mr. Luthor Thorne, and a little about Jacob, plus some David Duchovny for good measure, I gave myself three orgasms in short succession. Then I conditioned my hair.

On Tuesday morning, Suzanne finally called, yet she wouldn't tell me anything about the arrangements she'd made with Mr. Thorne. She kept saying it was a surprise, but definitely a good surprise, and she asked if all my shots were up to date for traveling.

I said, "Yes, I just got a bunch for my trip back at Christmas. But wait, traveling where?"

"You'll see." She giggled, and though I couldn't see her, I knew her eyes were squeezed shut with delight. The woman loved to put one over on me.

"For how long? When?"

"Just a few days. His schedule's so busy. We leave on Friday."

"What do you mean we? Are you going?"

She gasped. "Oh, shit. I wasn't supposed to tell you that."

"Hah! You suck at secrets. Now tell me where I'm going. And, hey, why are you going? Don't tell me ... did he make you talk dirty to him again? Is there something ..."

"No, Lexie, Mr. Thorne is all yours. I'm taking my dear husband with me."

"Ohmygod, is this some sort of double date?"

"I'll pick you up early Friday morning. Pack light. Just a bathing suit." She giggled. "Maybe one dress. No underwear required."

"Why do I get the feeling that pimping me out is the pinnacle of your life's achievements?"

Sounding a little hurt, she said, "Hey!"

"I have to get to work," I said, and I ended the call.

On Wednesday, I did a very naughty thing.

I called up my fireman friend-with-benefits Jacob to have Thorne's-not-the-boss-of-me sex. The idea that Mr. Thorne wouldn't approve only made it better.

Jacob showed up at my place after he got off work.

He'd eaten dinner at the firehall, so he wasn't interested in the pasta I'd made, but he was extremely interested in what I was wearing.

I'd gone to a lingerie store that afternoon and picked up a few kinky things. I'd picked out the tackiest thing of all for that night: a tiny g-string and a matching purple bra with a ridiculous amount of frou-frou and lace. Over this, I wore a sheer "cover-up" with even more frou-frou.

Jacob couldn't take his eyes or hands off me.

As he pulled me onto his lap in the living room, I squealed and said, "I look like a cupcake."

In his best caveman imitation, he said, "Me like cupcake."

I squealed again, and then things got more serious. His eyes were still on me, so attentive, and he moved his big fireman hands gently all over my body, examining the lingerie as much as me.

Still sitting on his lap, I squirmed at the sensation starting in my pu**y. I had been turned on for an hour before he got there, from the second I'd put the lingerie on and seen myself. I didn't think I could get more aroused, but I did, to the point of desperation.

He pulled me in for a kiss and I devoured his juicy lips as I ran my fingers through his dark, curly hair.

"Good," he said. "Yes."

I was touched that he'd remembered my request. Jacob had a penchant for vulgar talk during sex, but during a previous escapade, I'd bade him to not say anything crude to ruin the mood. I'd permitted him to speak only three words, and tonight he was doing just that.

He reached a hand under my lap and stroked me through my silky panties.

His voice deep and growling, he said, "Pussy."

"Tonight, Jacob, my pu**y is all yours."

"Good."

I leaned back and swung one leg over his head so I could straddle his lap, facing him. "What do you want to do to my pu**y?"

He grinned. "Yes."

"Are you going to lick it?"

He nodded vigorously. "Yes."

"Will you finger f**k me?"

He seemed shocked I would use such a vulgar phrase. Usually, it was him saying the nasty things, mainly combinations involving the word pounding.

"Yes," he said, one eyebrow quirked up as a question.

"I know you like to vocalize, but maybe tonight I'll be the one doing the vocalizing."

"Good. Yes."

He wrapped his big, bronzed arms around me and pulled me in for another kiss. He was attentive to the kissing, focused on that, while his hands stayed comfortably on my hips.

He pulled away for a moment to grab the remote control and click off the TV behind me. Funny, I hadn't even realized it was on.

We kissed some more and his hands moved lazily across my hips, my lower back, my legs. He found the closure for my bra and removed it, as well as the sheer matching nightie. He didn't dive right for my panties, but spent time on each breast, cupping, licking, and kissing. He put one nipple in his mouth, and the look on his face was that of a happy man. That made me happy, and the stimulation on my ni**les gave me a jolt of excitement.

I wanted to tear off his button-down shirt and jeans, but he grasped my flailing hands and held them still as he slowly, methodically did the same treatment to the other breast.

And then, while holding my hands still, he started over again with the first breast. As he sucked my ni**les, I thought I might come from that alone. The pleasure was so intense, with his hot breath on me, him so warm underneath me.

Finally, when I could take it no more, I said, "Take off my panties and pound my pu**y."

The eyebrow quirked again.

"How do you like it now?" I said. "I'll vocalize for both of us. That's good, right?"

Instead of releasing my hands, he guided them down to his crotch. He wasn't simply aroused, he was positively straining to break free of his jeans. I got to work unfastening them, and he moaned with pleasure and relief when I freed his cock.

Thick and sturdy, like the rest of him, it felt good in my hand. For a moment, I forgot about the ache in my pu**y and my desperate need, and stroked it. As I was stroking, he leaned down and licked one of my ni**les back into his mouth. Stroking his c**k and having my breast sucked on at the same time was almost sensory overload. It wasn't f**king, it was something else, and it was good.

I moved up and tried to insert his cock, but my fancy new panties were in the way.

Jacob gave me a you-so-crazy look and stood in one motion, picking me up with him.

He carried me down the hall as I nibbled his ears, then threw me on the bed.

Next, he did something funny, yet sexy. He peeled his clothes off slowly, just like a stripper. There were a few facial expressions that were comical, but the movements were hot, and his fireman body was calendar material.

There was a gleam in his eyes, and I thought he was going to bite the panties right off me, but he removed them with his hands. He grabbed me by the legs and yanked me to the edge of the bed.

He buried his face between my legs and I let out a long, low, appreciative moan.

His tongue ran up and down, parting my lips, cooling and warming me at once. He flicked his tongue in and out of my opening and then moved gradually, incrementally up toward my aching nub. I thought he would never get there, and when he did, I gasped and arched my back in pleasure.

Soon, he had me panting and moaning.

I had my first cl**ax, a mellow and relaxing one that left me shivering and calm, but he kept going, coaxing me back up the mountain again.

I didn't want to interrupt his concentration, but I peeked down and asked him to insert his longest finger and make a come-here gesture.

He did it and raised his eyebrows at me. "Yes?"

He found that magical spot, that spot I didn't know I had. An entirely new wave of pleasure flooded me, like a new flavor. "Oh, holy oh holy, oh wow," I said.

Jacob liked this and continued to play with me like I was his new toy.

I began to cl**ax a second time, so I sat up quickly, grabbed onto his big, muscular body, and pulled him on top of me and inside. As he entered, I came, my body like crackling electricity.

When I surfaced, he was still grinding into me, a look of absolute contentment on his face.

After a few minutes, I asked if he wanted me in a different position, if he was getting deep enough.

He grunted, pulled out, and lifted me up like a doll. He pushed my legs and positioned me on my knees, doggy style.

Instead of inserting immediately, he ran the tip of his c**k up and down my pu**y, then across my clit, back and forth, generating more heat. When I was whimpering and ready for penetration, he eased into me as though it was our first time.

As he drove himself deeper, to the hilt, I could tell he wouldn't last much longer. His c**k was so rigid, so urgent.

He wasn't saying anything at all now, which was such a change for Jacob. It sorta felt like a new man, and I missed Jacob. I wanted Jacob.

"Tell me what you're gonna do to me," I said.

He grunted and slowed his thrusting. "Good."

"Enough of the three words. You've been a good boy, but now I want you to talk dirty."

"You sure?"

"Yeah."

"I'm gonna-" he pounded into me "-pound-"

And that was all he said. The rest was just a series of grunts and moans.

After he came, he rocked me forward and eased me down to my stomach, and then onto my side, so we were spooning, with him still inside me.

"Good?" I asked.

"Mm hmm." He bit my shoulder.

I started to pull away, thinking already about a shower, but he threw one of his big arms around me and hugged me to him.

"Sleepy time," he said.

"Yeah?" I glanced at the clock on my side table. It wasn't even ten, but I was comfortable. Jacob never stayed over at my place, nor did I stay over at his. "You wanna stay over?" I asked.

He bit me on the shoulder again, which I took to mean yes.

Eventually, he did let me out of bed, and I had a quick shower and took off my makeup for bed.

When I returned to the bedroom, he was fast asleep.

He still had his socks on, silly thing, so I took them off and fixed the blankets and pillows on his side so he looked more comfortable.

When I climbed back into bed, he stirred in his sleep and muttered something completely incomprehensible.

"What?"

He repeated himself, making even less sense, then he laughed. The guy actually laughed, in his sleep.

I snuggled up next to him and tried to sleep, but I was wide awake. The next day was Thursday, and I was flying somewhere on Friday. I didn't even know where, but I was fairly certain I knew why, and for what. I was to be someone's plaything, their rented toy.

I hugged Jacob close to me and kissed him on the cheek. My feelings were all mixed up and confused. Even though we were just casual friends, not exclusive, I felt funny thinking about Luthor Thorne while I was holding Jacob.

Half an hour later, I was not really asleep and not really awake, and I didn't know what to do with myself. I was nervous and aroused.

I climbed on top of a sleeping Jacob and jerked his sleeping c**k until it was firm. He mumbled, sleepily, "Okay, but you have to do the work. I'm sleepy."

"Fine by me," I said.

A minute later, he was in and fully erect, and I was riding him, cowgirl-style.

With my hands on his broad chest, I rocked my pelvis until my instincts took over completely, and I was without thoughts.

The two of us came together, wordlessly, both of us panting and gasping.

I kissed him and thanked him.

He pulled me down onto his chest, covered my mouth with his hand and said, "Shh, sleepy time now."

"Yes, sleepy time. I promise. I won't wake you up again."

After a moment, he said, "Staying over is dangerous."

I rolled off him and nuzzled up to his side. "It sure is."

2: The Mile High Club

We got through airport security without incident, though I was annoyed our party was only three people: me, Suzanne, and her husband Simon.

Simon had a big ol' grin on his face, which made me want to punch him. He kept joking around about the Mile High Club, and then, once we were in the air, wouldn't you know it, he made good on his promise.

I sunk down in my seat and pretended not to know the two people who were quite obviously ha**ng s*x in the airplane's First Class restroom. The hostess brought around some drinks, and I enjoyed a champagne.

Between the second and third glass of champagne, I got into a much better mood. My friends had been in the restroom an awfully long time, and I was actually happy for them. I'd been crushed when I found out Luthor Thorne wasn't flying with us, due to being in Atlanta for business and flying straight from there, but as the champagne kicked in and we flew toward our destination, my heart became buoyant.

When Suzanne emerged from the tiny restroom, she had an I-just-came grin on her face. She took a seat next to me and stole my champagne, guzzling it in one swallow.

I said, "Was it good for you?"

Suzanne smoothed out her hair, the color of which she'd had refreshed the other day, so her naturally brown hair was bright red and her scalp was tinged pink. "I don't know what you're talking about," she said with a smirk.

Simon came out a few minutes later, looking like he'd won the Olympics of sex. He was cute in his own Simon way: nerdy glasses; naturally red hair; round cheeks; not a swimwear model, but a nice shape. "Built for comfort, not speed," as Simon would say.

He took his seat across the aisle, tipped back his chair, and was asleep within seconds.

Suzanne nodded at him and said, "Every time."

"Jacob's the same way. What is up with that? He was over the other night and he crashed before I could kick him out. I swear, if he fell asleep any faster, it would be during the actual orgasm."

Suzanne frowned. "Jacob was over? When was this?"

"A few weeks ago," I lied.

Suzanne stared into my soul.

"Fine. It was Wednesday night. I had an itch to scratch, okay?"

She shook her head.

"I'm not exclusive with Luthor Thorne. Wait, unless you negotiated that for me as well?"

"Oh, I guess you're right." She waved for the hostess to bring us more champagne. "Lexie, I'm trying to be more like you. More adventurous and fun. I'm sorry I made the face about Jacob being over at your place. You're a grown-up, I'm sure you know what you're doing."

I plucked the floating raspberries from my champagne and ate them with a giggle. "Yeah, I'm a grown-up. Look at us. First Class."

She clinked her glass against mine. "First Class, baby."

I was sober but disoriented when we reached Denpasar, Bali, where staff from the resort met us and ushered us on to the next leg of the journey, a chartered flight.

We were the only ones on the flight, and Suzanne and Simon were at it again, giggling and grinding against each other in their chairs.

"Get a room," I said, laughing.

They'd been invited along to be company for me, but what I was getting more closely resembled an amateur p**n video than companionship. I looked out my window at the tropical landscape of Indonesia and decided life wasn't too shabby at all.

I even pretended not to notice Suzanne giving Simon a not-too-discreet hand job under their shared blanket.

Wakatobi, Indonesia was hot, but not too hot. The air felt thick and muggy compared to what I was used to, but the breeze coming off the ocean really did make it as comfortable as promised. The staff was so friendly and welcoming that within moments of arriving, I was already planning to return annually, perhaps bi-annually.

We had arrived between lunch and dinner and decided to freshen up in our rooms.

The resort wasn't a tall hotel, but a grouping of smaller buildings and villas. Naturally, traveling with a billionaire had its advantages, and I was shown to the most deluxe villa of all, overlooking the ocean. I stood on the private patio and stared out at nothing but blue ocean. Just below the surface was one of the world's most biodiverse coral reefs. The tangy sea air made me want to submerge myself, so I didn't even change into my swimsuit, but stripped off my clothes and stepped down into the private pool, also overlooking the ocean. One of the walls of the pool was glass, so there was nothing between me and the blue sky and ocean.

I kicked up my legs, floated back and thought lazily about sunscreen, but I moved back under the cover of the large shade umbrella and found absolute contentment.

With my head resting on the tiled rim of the pool, I was just drifting off to sleep when I heard the sounds of lovemaking.

Suzanne and Simon were in the adjacent villa, and apparently that was their idea of "freshening up" before dinner. I laughed into my hand and listened for a bit, noting the particular sounds of Suzanne's triumphant cries so I could tease her later.

She sounded like she was really getting it good, and my ni**les got hard, the skin on my br**sts tight. I reached down and found my pu**y hot to the touch, beneath the cool water of the pool.

The sounds of lovemaking drifted around me pleasantly and I thought about sexy Luthor Thorne, with his hungry green-brown eyes and those hands. He had working man's hands, even though he did business and spent more time on a computer keyboard than with any tools.

He was a man who knew what he wanted and took it. Being desired by him, being in Indonesia, felt so natural and right and good.

I rubbed up and down my clit, keeping my hand close to keep the chill of the pool away. I stretched out my body, enjoying the weightlessness, enjoying being utterly na**d and outdoors.

As I cl**axed, I opened my eyes and stared out at the gorgeous blue ocean. Porpoises jumped and splashed in the ocean. I was a part of nature, a part of beauty.

Dinner was fun, and I was actually glad Luthor wouldn't be there until the following afternoon. Relaxed in the tropical environment, I found myself enjoying the company of Suzanne and Simon. They kept giving each other googly eyes and flirting across the table like a couple of kids, but when they weren't trying to eye-fuck each other, they were a ton of laughs.

As the whole trip was on Mr. Thorne's tab, we didn't even look at the prices, but sampled everything interesting from the menu.

Thanks to some pamphlet-reading on the chartered plane and the extra pages within the menus, I learned that Indonesia is comprised of literally thousands of populated islands. The people love to cook with serious flavor. There's good reason the islands were famed as "the Spice Islands" back in the days before airplanes and the internet.

We sampled many vegetarian, seafood, and meat dishes, including gado-gado and nasi goreng. Everything was pungent and spicy, but the staff assured us the heat levels were designed to give flavor without burning our North American systems.

Simon fanned his mouth and washed everything down with a lot of beer, saying, "If you think it burns now, wait 'til it comes out."

Suzanne whispered something in his ear and he blushed.

I said, "What?"

She gave me a devilish look. "I said I'd kiss it better."

"Suze, let's not discuss analingus at the dinner table."

This set us all off laughing hysterically. There were other couples and families in the dining room, but we were definitely the rowdy table.

That first night in Indonesia, I slept for about a million years, woke up for a pee and a glass of water, and slept for another hour.

Finally, when I could sleep no more due to being hungry, I rolled out of bed. The bed itself was King-sized, and covered in modest, almost nubby sheets. The walls of the villa that weren't glass were painted bright white, and the ceiling was thick wood beams covered by a natural, woven material. A mosquito net hung from the ceiling above the bed, all tucked away, but I hadn't seen a need for it.

The interior doors were louvered for air flow, and the villa was indeed warm, but comfortable. I had a shower in the bathroom, which was a wet-style bathroom, with no wall around the shower, just milky-blue glass tiles on every surface.

After I got dressed in a lightweight wrap dress over my bikini, I put on some makeup and tidied all of my personal effects so Mr. Thorne wouldn't think I was messy. As a professional organizer by trade, you might assume I had travel-sized supplies of everything and a neat compartment-style makeup kit. You'd be right. I sure did. But I'm as prone as anyone else to spreading my junk everywhere and messing up a nice hotel room within minutes. There's just something about a pristine environment that makes our suitcases explode with exuberance, isn't there?

I straightened out the bed and thought about what might happen there that night. The idea of seeing Luthor Thorne made me tingle with excitement. He was so cute and funny that day he'd been up on his ladder outside his mansion, trying to pass himself off as a gardener. Then, at the dark restaurant, he'd been sweet, asking me about my mother, of all things, and listening as I talked about my day sorting collectibles, as though he was genuinely interested. Maybe he was interested, or maybe this was just about sex.

Perhaps, to him, I was like Mrs. Chong's precious limited edition porcelain figures. A possession. A thing of comfort.

I wondered if he'd left the restaurant so abruptly because it had evolved into something more than just sex. I really didn't know much about the guy, except that he had an amazing body, a gorgeous cock, and I enjoyed him ordering me around.

One day at a time. One night at a time.

I joined Simon and Suzanne for breakfast, and we made our way down to the dock and onto the boat for our welcome dive. The coral reef, called the home reef, was all around us, and we didn't need to take the boat anywhere for a dive, but the guides wanted to take us to a specific spot someone had requested.

Up until then, I'd figured the coral reef was homogenous, and you'd have pretty much the same critters everywhere, but someone on the boat requested a specific fish, and the guides wanted to take us to where we'd have a stronger chance of seeing one. The gentleman who'd made the request showed me a picture on his phone. The fish had really buggy eyes and a funny face. The guy's wife, on the other hand, only cared about "the fish from Finding Nemo," and went on and on, calling it that instead of by its proper name, clown fish. Pretty soon, everyone on the boat was talking about "the Finding Nemo fish," much to the annoyance of the diving guides.

I'd been diving before, but it had been a couple of years. Simon and Suzanne dove on their honeymoon, so they weren't nervous at all. As we put on the equipment, my heart started to thrum nervously. Everyone else on the boat that day was an old pro compared to me. A few of the guys had elaborate underwater camera equipment. They were as calm as people taking a bus to the mall.

Once I was in the water, though, my fears slipped away. Down we went, under the sea.

We swam past frilly things that looked like brains and other things that look like lettuce. We saw bobtail squid, pygmy seahorses, starfish, damselfish, yellow tang, and more. Then Nemo himself popped out from some coral-a whole bunch of Nemos, as in clown fish-and the group collectively lost their minds, with everyone waving and pointing.

The life down there was so rich and diverse, I felt like I was swimming inside a carefully curated aquarium. We'd been lectured and all taken a vow not to chase any creatures, grab at them, or even poke things. The coral was very delicate, and could easily be broken off by a careless gesture.

I got to one lovely spot on the reef and hovered there, waiting to see what type of fish or eel might swim by me next. Someone squeezed my calf, and I turned back, expecting to see Suzanne or Simon goofing around. It wasn't one of them, though, as the diving suit was a different color.

The diver was definitely a man, and as he got closer, as though trying to kiss me-not that it would be possible with all the equipment-I kicked him away. I assumed it was one of the guys from the boat, either mistaken that I was his wife, or mistaken that I wasn't his wife but would be open to a little underwater flirtation.

My diving buddy was nearby, gawking at pygmy seahorses and not paying much attention.

The stranger came toward me again, and this time I was angry. I let him come in, as I wanted a good look at his face, so I could identify him when back on board.

I found myself looking into the green-brown eyes of Luthor Thorne, who seemed a little terrified I might kick him in the nuts. To let him know I knew it was him, I waved one hand and gave him the peace sign. He did the same. It was hard to see his face through the mask and regulator, but he looked amused as hell. That was when I noticed the other boat in the water above us.

He took my hand in his and squeezed it, then waved for me to come with him. I waved to my diving buddy, and he shrugged and swam along with us.

Kicking my fins, I swam alongside Luthor Thorne. He was much more skilled at maneuvering in the water than I was, and showed off by circling around me, pausing just long enough to squeeze my butt or run a hand up between my legs.

When I caught up with him, I encircled one hand around his waist in the thick neoprene suit and grabbed at his crotch with the other hand-and not too gently, I might add. It was difficult to tell through all the layers, and I didn't know if the water pressure would allow arousal, but I noted a bulge.

He pulled away from me and led me and my diving buddy to a part of the reef we hadn't yet seen. There was a sound there, like crackling bacon. I thought my ears were playing tricks on me, but I learned after we surfaced that it was the sound of the coral munching on its food.

Here, the coral was every shade of pink and orange. As we held still, waiting, these feathery bits extended from the reef and undulated in the current. With a wave of his hand, they startled and withdrew once more.

All too soon, it was time to surface. We still had plenty of oxygen, but the guides had their safety rules.

We all surfaced, and I was glad to breathe normally again, though sad to leave the coral and everything beautiful below. As we climbed into the boat, where the staff was handing out juice boxes, I realized how thirsty I was.

I hadn't said a word to Luthor Thorne yet, and was waiting for him to make the first move.

He began by introducing himself to Suzanne and Simon. He sat beside me on the boat and threw his arm around my shoulder. Turning to me, he said, "I thought you were going to kick me in the nuts."

"I thought you were some pervy old man."

He raised his eyebrows and laughed. "I'm not old."

Suzanne and Simon had a good laugh at that. Simon then thanked him for inviting them on our tropical date. As far as Simon knew, Luthor and I were dating, and he didn't know the whole thing had been arranged between Mr. Thorne and Suzanne, acting as my pimp.

I reached up and wiped water off the side of Luthor's face with my hand. He met my gaze with his hungry eyes, his cheeks looking almost hollow at that moment, and leaned in to kiss me. The kiss was electric, and I wanted it to go on forever, but we were pulled apart by the movement of the boat's engine, starting up to take us back to the villas.

There'd be another dive in a few hours if we were interested, plus we were welcome to toodle around the home reef around the resort, diving right off the dock. Luthor grabbed my hand and gave me a look that said he wanted to go back to the villa to "freshen up."

We were kissing as we opened the door to the room, his hot lips on my mouth, my cheek, down my neck and across my throat.

I pulled open my wrap dress and his hands plunged in, stroking my back and reaching down into my bikini bottoms, gripping my cheeks and then picking me up.

I wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me to the King-size bed.

He threw me on the bed and yanked off my bottoms, folded my legs up, and gave me a cracking-loud spank on the ass.

I was so stunned, I didn't know what to do. I lay there clutching my knees to my chest.

He stuck his face down into my pu**y and gave me a thrusting lick. As the tip of his tongue feathered over my clit, setting everything ablaze, the feeling traveled down from my cl*t and mingled with the sting on my ass from the slap, turning everything into a throbbing hotness. I parted my legs, wide, to let him in. He hungrily lapped at me, stopping only to say, "Salty from the sea."

"We could shower," I said, breathing heavily.

He grunted, no.

I grabbed one of his hands and brought it to my mouth, to suck his fingers. They were salty from the sea, almost like sweat, but different. My mouth watered. I sucked harder on his fingers, and my pu**y was in heaven, being licked and fingered by his other hand.

I wanted his c**k in my mouth, though. I pulled him up, away from the heavenly things he was doing, and pushed him back on the bed. He was much stronger than me, but utterly willing to be pushed around like this.

He had on a white button-down shirt, loose-fitting for the tropics, and a pair of swim shorts with the most ridiculously loud jungle leaf pattern. I unbuttoned the shirt slowly and ran my fingertips over his hot skin. I licked his stomach, feeling taut muscles just under the skin. I straddled his legs and took my open wrap dress off, and my bikini top.

His eyes grew wide at the sight of my ni**les, firm and pink like ripe raspberries. He tugged me down to him and sucked the top of one breast into his mouth, and then the other. He buried his face between them and kissed up, all the way to my collarbone.

I pulled away and traveled down, inch by inch, as though it was my mission to wash the sea salt off his body with my tongue. I kissed and sucked from his chin to his hard ni**les and all over his chest, then down his stomach.

Inside the jungle-leaf shorts, his erection was straining and full engorged. I squeezed it through the shorts, tracing an outline. He moaned and thrust into my hand, eyes closed in ecstasy and desire.

I pulled at the drawstring to loosen the shorts, then gradually inched them down, revealing the tip first, giving it a kiss and a lick, and then the rest. Before I put him fully in my mouth, I teased up and down the sides of the shaft with my lips and tongue, breathing on him and running my hand up and down between his legs.

He was so calm, so willing to lie still and be fondled and caressed. I was surprised he wasn't barking orders, telling me to call him Mr. Thorne and all that kinky business. My butt cheek was still stinging from that one good slap, or was it? My whole body was tingling, anyway.

I tipped up his c**k with one hand and sucked him into my mouth, applying a little more friction than he expected, because he convulsed under me, surprised.

I looked up at him through my eyelashes, bobbing up and down on that gorgeous c**k of his, and he made eye contact and gave me a smile, his look changing from hungry to blissful.

With a little sea salt, his c**k was delicious, though it would have been just fine unseasoned. It was a lovely piece of equipment, a magnificent tool, so hard and sturdy, yet covered in softness.

"Careful," he said, grinning.

"Mm?" I kept sucking, but I knew what he meant. He was stiffening more, the sac pulling up in anticipation. Under my seat, his legs straightened and tensed. He held his breath, and when his penis began to pulse, he groaned and made a facial expression that was both hard and soft.

I sucked him back and swallowed, maintaining pressure and rhythm.

I kept sucking until he softened in my mouth and trembled under me, at which point I released him and moved up to lie alongside him. He was sweaty, as was I. After a moment, I reached over and clicked the button to turn up the overhead fan in that part of the villa.

He squeezed me close and said, "That was great."

I rubbed my legs together. I hadn't come yet, and I was keen to move on to the next part.

He yawned. "So exhausted. Long flight."

I traced my finger along his stomach, wondering if I needed to spell it out for him.

He flinched and pushed my hand away. "No fair tickling! Hey, should we get room service or do you want to go for dinner at the restaurant?"

"Um. Restaurant."

"Great. Hey, would you wake me up in about an hour? That should do the job."

Do the job?

I went over the events in my mind. He'd given me o**l s*x, and then I'd pulled him up and stuck his c**k in my mouth. When I thought about it, it seemed possible he might have thought I'd come already and was returning the gesture.

I decided not to make a big deal out of it, to chalk it up to a miscommunication, and I rolled out of bed to have a shower.

"One hour," he said, his voice thick and sleepy.

I winked at him, though his eyes were closed and he wouldn't have seen it. "You bet, baby. One hour."

3: Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea

I banged on Suzanne's villa door for several minutes before a messy-haired Simon opened the door, squinting at me because he didn't have his glasses on.

"Lexie?"

"Yes, it's me, Lexie," I said. "Who else would it be?"

He frowned. "Trouble in paradise?"

I glanced behind me, at the ocean, just as a porpoise jumped out of the water.

"Actually, I guess everything's pretty good," I said, and I meant it. Luthor was there, with me. So our first sex session at the resort hadn't been the greatest sex ever. We were there for two more days and nights, and there was still time.

Simon waved me in and located his glasses, then began mixing me a drink.

"I should pace myself," I said, since it wasn't even dinner time.

He chucked a wedge of lemon at me. "You're on holiday!"

I grabbed a handful of ice and chased after Simon, threatening to put it down his shorts. He yowled and ran around the villa like I was trying to murder him. Suzanne came out of the bathroom in a silk kimono. Once she determined I was not trying to murder her spouse, she helped me catch him and put the ice cubes down his shorts.

Back at my villa, before I woke up Luthor, I brushed my teeth and fixed my makeup. By the time I felt presentable, we were practically late for dinner.

I gently nudged him awake.

He didn't roll around groggily, as I would have, but simply opened his eyes, sat up, stretched, then stepped out of bed.

I said, "Wow, you wake up easy. I'd have that pillow over my head by now."

He gave me a quick kiss on the cheek on the way into the bathroom. "I wasn't always this way, but when I was twenty-two, I trained myself to get up without wasting time. You're going to get up anyway, so why not just do it?"

"Uh, because it's human not to?"

"Hey," he said, pretending to be hurt. "I'm human."

I looked down his nude body, admiring every bit of skin. "I'll say."

He pulled away from my grasp and dashed off to the bathroom. "After dinner."

"Oh, to hell with dinner."

He raised one finger and playfully commanded, "Lexie, be good."

"Arf."

He shut the door and turned on the shower. I felt a little ridiculous for barking on command, but it had seemed like the right thing to do.

Then again, what did I know? I'd worked for some rich people in my career as a freelance professional organizer, but I certainly hadn't dated one. Did they just joke around like normal people?

Oh, man, I was in way over my head.

Dinner was incredible.

We started with drinks, because-as Simon kept reminding us-we were on vacation.

The smiling Indonesian woman who was serving us brought over our first round of drinks.

Luthor looked up sweetly and said, "Sue, you look well. How is your grandmother?"

The woman-Sue-blushed and said, "Much better, Mr. Thorne. Thank you. You have a good memory."

After she walked away, Luthor reached a hand over and lazily squeezed my knee. "I was here about a year ago, and Sue's grandmother was having surgery on her hip. Nothing serious."

For a jealous moment, I wondered if Luthor had talked about this with Sue when she was in his villa with him, but he gave me a flirty look, and I realized I was being silly.

We had more drinks and talked about the diving that day, with Simon saying things like, "And the fish with the big eyes! I thought it was going to eat me," and "I saw a shadow go across me, and I swear there was a shark coming to eat me, and then we saw the clown fish-"

Luthor finished the story by interrupting "-and it ate off my thumb!" He waved his hand in the air with his thumb tucked under and we all laughed.

The staff brought us course after course of delicious, fragrant food. I would eat a little of one dish and then try to push my plate away, saying I was full, but then Suzanne would insist I try a satay, and force a stick of grilled meat onto my plate.

The guys were drinking a lot of beer, and before too long, Luthor excused himself to find the washroom.

As soon as he left the table, Suzanne and Simon practically leapt upon me with excitement.

"Marry him," Simon said. "You marry him, or I'm going to divorce this one and I'll marry him."

Suzanne giggled and shoved her husband. "You're stuck with me. But we could move to a state that allows polygamy."

Getting theatrical, Simon said, "Oh, no, honey, he's all mine. That man is magnificent." He kept going, despite Suzanne trying to cover his mouth. "He's a magnificent beast."

Nearly in tears, I begged them both to shut up before he returned.

"It's kinda casual," I explained to Simon.

Simon leaned in. "Don't tell him I know this, but I was talking to one of the housekeepers, and an anonymous benefactor paid for that woman Sue's grandmother to get her hip replaced. They don't know who it was, but I have a pretty good idea."

"Wow," Suzanne said, her eyes all big.

"You guys, he's a billionaire. That's probably what they do instead of leaving a tip. Just, oh, here you go, have some really expensive surgery on me, thanks for the sangria."

They both stopped laughing and narrowed their eyes at me. Simon coughed and pushed his glasses up his nose.

I said, "What? Is he standing right behind me?"

They glanced at each other.

Simon said, "No, but jeez Lexie, you sound so cynical."

Suzanne nodded. "Yeah. Just a weensy bit. Lighten up."

I kicked her under the table and gave her mean-eyes. I sent a silent, telepathic message at my best friend: Suzanne, you brat! You're the one who pimped me out and auctioned off my ass to be here so you guys could have your second honeymoon. And you think I'm cynical? I'm just trying to protect myself.

As I was sending thought-daggers at her, Luthor appeared beside me and patted me on the shoulder.

"We may have to hit the dance floor," he said. "Get this party started."

Simon grooved from side to side, snapping his fingers. "All right."

"Good," Suzanne said. "I'll have dessert, and then we can dance off the calories."

Luthor leaned in beside me and murmured in my ear, "There are lots of ways to burn off calories."

I turned and stared into his eyes, with their outer edges of brown and inner rings of green and gold. His eyes were so captivating. I was going to say something sassy about calories and dancing, but instead I just said, "You're the boss."

He chuckled at that and looked away quickly.

Simon, who was by now a little drunk, said, "Don't believe 'em! They say you can be the boss, but then you get married, and you find out you're not the boss at all." He waved a hand emphatically. "You're not even the boss of yourself."

Suzanne stood and pulled Simon to his feet. "Sure, sweetheart, I'd love to dance," she said, and she led him over to the dance floor.

Luthor watched them for a moment, then turned to me and said, "Is Simon an accountant?"

"How'd you guess?"

"One of my accountants dances the exact same way. With the fingers snapping and everything."

"He has decent rhythm," I said.

Luthor put a hand on my leg and ran it gradually up, under my skirt. Sparks shot through me and my pu**y began to throb.

"Rhythm is important," Luthor said.

I squeezed my thighs together tightly, trapping his hand. "So's accounting."

He wiggled his hand and slipped further up so that one finger was stroking the outside of my panties. "Lots of things are important."

"Like discretion," I said, smiling. We were in a dark corner of the restaurant, and my lap was mostly hidden by the tablecloth, but not completely.

That didn't stop him from nudging his fingers further and pulling aside the material of my underwear. He ran his fingers up and down my wet folds, the sensation of his touch echoing deep inside me. I could hardly breathe, but I reached for a glass of ice water and drank slowly. At the same time, he penetrated me with one finger and then pulled it out and dragged it over and across my clit. The water was icy cold in my mouth and my pu**y was hot.

He pulled away his hand and stuck his finger in his mouth, making eye contact with me the entire time.

Those eyes. They were so hungry. He wanted me. No, he needed me.

I said to him, "Did you pay for that woman's grandmother's surgery?"

His eyebrows raised. "Gossip, gossip. Who told you that?"

"Why wouldn't you want me to know you're a decent guy?"

He shifted in his chair and looked down. "Can you do me a favor?"

"Sure."

He grabbed my hand, which was still around my water glass, and pulled it to his lap. He grinned, as though relishing what was about to happen. "Can you just treat me like I'm the gardener? Like the day we first met? I'm just some guy."

"Right." I nodded, then shook my head, confused. "You're just some guy? What about all that 'Call me Mr. Thorne' business at the restaurant? What about 'Lexie, sit! Good girl.'"

"We can play that some other time, if you want. But for now ..."

He kissed my hand.

"Treat you like the gardener. Okay. Does the gardener dance?"

He tipped his head to one side. "I'm a gardener, not a dancer, but I've got a few moves." He stood and helped me to my feet, then led me to the dance floor.

As he twirled me around, I tried not to think about the sensation between my legs. My lips were fat and swollen with desire, and I wanted nothing more than to stop dancing and go back to the villa. When he grabbed me close and ground his pelvis into mine, my cl*t ached for more than subtle pressure.

The wine had gone to my head. Everything had gone to my head.

I was half a world away from my life, at the edge of an island, overlooking the ocean. My best friends were there, so in love, and there were porpoises just outside. I was in the fairy tale, only it was better than a fairy tale ... because there was sex in my story. Or at least soon there would be.

We enjoyed a few more drinks to refresh us between dances.

That evening's entertainment was a professional dancer who gave us a few lessons. She danced with Luthor, eyefucking him the entire time. I didn't mind, because I got to ogle that sweet, firm ass of his as he danced, extending one long leg behind him, his chest proud and broad.

We stumbled out of the restaurant and made our way down to the villa.

For the second time in as many days, we were kissing and groping each other as we fumbled clumsily for the door. The key card didn't want to work, so instead of going back into the main resort building and explaining everything, he led me around the side of the villa and straight to the private pool.

He stripped off all his clothes and underwear and jumped in before I even had my strappy sandals off. The ankle closure had the tiniest little buckle, and my tipsy fingers couldn't make any sense of it.

He whistled, low and sexy, and said, "Leave the shoes on. Leave everything on. Come to me, Lexie. Come and get in this pool with me."

So I jumped in. Still wearing my wrap dress and my underwear and my shoes.

He grabbed me and we kissed, laughing.

Some soft landscape lighting was on, so we were not in complete darkness, but the light was dim enough to not take focus away from the moon, high and full overhead. The sound of music was coming faintly from the main building, from the people still dancing and drinking and laughing. Just as loud, though, was the crashing of the ocean beside us.

And my heart.

Pounding.

We kissed and kissed, standing in chest-deep water in the private pool. The pressure of the water made my breathing feel shallow, emphasized my excitement.

He took in a deep breath and dove under to remove my underwear, tugging them all the way down and then off, over my sandal-clad feet.

When he came up, he pressed up against me, his firm erection between my legs, the head of his c**k pressing against my opening.

I remembered some fumbled attempts at hot tub sex from my youth and said, "Oh, Luthor, we can't do it in the water. Everything seizes up."

He nudged the head in. "Not if you don't move it very much."

I wrapped my arms around him and leaned my upper body back, parting my legs. "You're the gardener. Do as you wish."

He pushed my legs with his knees, walking me back into a corner of the pool. He put one hand on the tile pool edge behind my head and used the other hand to guide himself in.

He slipped in easily, as I was more than wet and slippery inside for him. My pu**y grabbed on tight to his thick member, not allowing water past the opening. He moved only the tiniest of degrees, mostly pushing his pubic bone against mine, putting pressure on my clit.

It felt every bit as good as anything we'd done before, possibly better, because I hadn't thought it was possible.

As he thrust and ground against me, he said, "If I'm the gardener, who are you?"

"I'm just me," I said. "I'm just your girl."

He closed his eyes. "Just my girl."

The mood shifted, and I felt a sea of emotion wash across me, there in the pool. I could barely breathe.

The pulses of his h*ps sent rays of pleasure through my body, radiating from my cl*t and from the fullness inside me. Still, he continued to move easily within me, gliding a little further with each push.

I bit his chin and he kissed me hard and shoved me back against the tile. My hands slipped down from his neck and grabbed onto his bu**ocks, my finger tips digging in. I was nearly weightless, and his thrusting lifted my feet from the pool's floor.

The water around us splashed from movement, spilling up over the edge.

My pleasure grew, and I stopped trying to stay quiet and moaned with the sensation he was giving me. One of my legs wrapped up and around his waist, inviting him to push deeper into me.

The sensation changed, with his c**k becoming harder, stiffer, almost stuck, barely able to move in and out, and I came, gasping. I squeezed his muscular bu**ocks and he buried his face into the side of my neck and moaned that he was coming too. As he did, the heat where we were joined rose up and melted away the rest of the world. The water around us blended seamlessly with the ocean, and everything was white-hot, boiling.

Apparently, the reason we weren't able to get the key card to work was because we were at the wrong villa.

After the staff member let us into our actual villa, Luthor looked at me, smirking, and said, "I thought that pool was a little small."

I opened our sliding panel doors and pointed to the pool in front of our villa. "Yes, ours is quite a lot bigger."

"Shall we christen that one as well?" He dropped his hands down to my towel-clad bum, the towel covering my soaked dress. He squeezed my bottom as he kissed my neck under my wet hair.

"Forgive me for being kinky, but why don't we try out that big, square piece of furniture over there. There are pillows and everything." I nodded at the bed.

"My girl is a kinky lady," he said, grinning.

He got me out of my wet clothes and onto the bed. He rubbed my cl*t and fingered me. "Slippery again. Like magic."

I started to say something, but he climbed over me and started licking my br**sts while fingering me, and I lost the ability to do anything but breathe.

We rubbed each other for some time, and I put his c**k in my mouth to harden him, but not to put him over the edge yet. When we were both ready, he climbed on top of me and gently inserted himself. One of the side table lights was on, and his face was well-illuminated in soft, gold light.

I kept looking to one side or the other, closing my eyes briefly, but every time I opened my eyes, he was right there, in my face, staring into me. The emotions came back, and my chest was tight, as thought I was scuba diving again, under water, under pressure.

And still, he kept gazing into me, his look so adoring. So loving. He looked like he wanted to say something, or was waiting for me to say something.

I couldn't take it, so I spoke up and stopped him. "I want you to spank me," I said.

Spanking was just the first thing that popped into my head, and I wanted to change the mood, change the channel, get him to stop looking at me like that.

He seemed surprised by my request, but happy to oblige.

I rolled over and got up on my knees, leaning forward and propping my chest up with two of the pillows. "Spank me, gardener."

The first slap was quite light, barely making a sound.

I moaned and squirmed, playing the part of strumpet. It was, after all, the part he wanted me to play. It was why he'd brought me out there, halfway across the world. I was his play-thing. The whole world was his resort, and if I was lucky, he'd show me the same generosity he'd shown Sue, the woman from the hotel.

He slapped me again, harder, and I cried out in a mix of pleasure and pain.

This time, I wasn't faking it or acting. That really stung!

He slapped me a couple more times, and then I felt his c**k in my opening. A few more slaps, and he was thrusting into me, very aroused.

He was wild, then, f**king me so hard, and intermittently slapping my bu**ocks while I whimpered and begged him to do something, either stop or don't stop.

His c**k got even more dense and he plowed into me, our bodies slapping, and then he came, groaning with pleasure. Gripping my h*ps with both hands, he wound down and then pulled out. I rolled onto my side, squeezed my thighs together, and had an orgasm, just like that, right after him. This one was more mechanical, and I didn't see any pretty lights or hear music, but I felt calm and sated.

He bit my shoulder and said, "What do you want me to do now? Want me to go down on you? Tell me what you want."

"I already came," I said, a little giddy. "That was pretty intense, and it caught me by surprise."

"Ah, I hadn't noticed. I'm sorry. I'll do better next time." He lay behind me and draped one arm across my chest.

He didn't fall asleep right away, not from what I could tell from his breathing. I reached over and clicked off the lamp, and we lay in the dark, not speaking, for about half an hour until his breathing changed and I knew he was out.

I crept out of bed and went to the washroom.

I nearly screamed when I saw myself. My hair was all over the place, the parts that weren't matted sticking up like a punk-rock hairdo. My makeup wasn't exactly waterproof. It had not come off in the pool, which would have been fine, but had partially melted, the mascara forming dark rivers under my eyes.

"Pretty," I said to myself in the mirror. I quickly got myself scrubbed down.

According to local time, I should have been sleeping, but my body thought it knew better.

I got my laptop from my suitcase and took it into the kitchenette, where the light and tapping wouldn't disturb Luthor.

It was my first time checking in since arriving in Indonesia, and I was surprised by how few emails had piled up in my inbox. Then again, the main sender of emails to me was Suzanne, and she was there with me.

I skimmed through the ones from my mother. She wanted details about my spur-of-the-moment getaway, and to lecture me that four days wasn't long enough to get acclimatized to a new time zone, let alone to relax and "enjoy" myself. Ah, if only she knew.

The name on the last email confused me, and at first I thought it was spam, but then I remembered Jacob's last name. Funny, he was just Jacob to me, no last name needed.

I was already wide awake, feeling unable to sleep, and Jacob's email only made my problem worse.

It read:

Dear Lexie,

I got worried when I didn't hear from you, so I swung by your place and your neighbor Mrs. O'Hara told me you're on a business trip. Since when do professional organizers go on business trips to Indonesia?

Is the old woman going senile, or are you actually that far away from me?

I want you here.

I didn't get a chance to tell you, but I was surprised you bought all that fancy underwear for me. Then I was thinking about it, and figured out you were trying to send me a message.

Oh, Lexie, I've been such an idiot. Of course I want more from you than what we have. Where are you? We need to talk.

Yours, Jacob

4: Stingray

I barely slept that night, but Luthor woke up well-rested and ready for stand-fucking in the shower.

Who was I to refuse?

I gripped the metal bars that seemed to be in the shower for safety, but were located in the perfect spots to hang onto for shower sex. Hmm.

Before we got started, he soaped me up, running his hands all over my body.

I said, "Are you still the gardener today, or do you want me to call you Mr. Thorne?"

"No games," he said, smiling, and he kissed me as he reached down and washed between my legs. It felt funny, to have him touching me on my ass and between my folds in that manner, but soon the soap rinsed away and he was touching me for pleasure only.

I grabbed a loofah and sponged all over his sexy chest as he rubbed me, his fingers getting greedy and sliding into my opening. Holding his c**k in one hand, I used the loofah to brush his balls and inner thighs, which made him squirm. He took the sponge-y loofah from me and returned the favor, brushing it over my sensitive ni**les, down my mid-line, and between my legs. The material was rough, compared to his fingers, but the novelty of the sensation set me on fire.

I sighed and moved one leg out, opening myself wider to him.

He pressed in against me, fingered my opening, then squeezed in the head of his erection. He looked me right in the eyes as he pushed the shaft in. With our height difference, I shifted up a little on my toes, but realized I didn't have to. I leaned my shoulders against the milky-blue tile shower wall and tilted my h*ps toward him, and we fit perfectly. His c**k was up high on me, almost horizontal, and when he thrust out and in, he rubbed all along the length of my clit.

His face was so serious, his eyes ravenous. His black hair dripped with warm water, streaming from the overhead shower nozzle and falling gently over us.

I whispered, "That feels so good."

"Like when we were in the pool," he said.

"Exactly."

We didn't talk again, just kissed. As he rocked against me, fanning the flames, my breathing came in ragged gasps. My mouth was open, warm water running in and out, and his mouth was there too, playing with my tongue, sucking on my lips.

I rolled my hips, finding my own rhythm to match his, and my hands moved down again, from around his neck and on down to his bu**ocks, where I held on tight, urging him harder into me.

This time, when I reached my cl**ax, there was no missing it. Power surged through me like pure light, and I gasped and cried out, almost sobbing.

He pulled out of me and jerked himself with one fist as he pressed into me, kissing me. His hand was moving on his cock, pressed hard between us, and his whole body tensed. He pressed his face into my neck and groaned, then relaxed.

I released my fingers from his bu**ocks, noting in our reflection across the bathroom that I'd left finger-shaped red marks there.

He chuckled sheepishly and looked at me through his thick, dark eyebrows. "Sorry I had to pull out there, but the angle ... it was really good, but I couldn't ... you know."

I smiled at him, thinking about how funny it was guys can say the filthiest things to you before or during sex, but right after, they're all modest, like shy teens.

"That's cool," I said. "You shot pretty hard. I think you got me under my chin."

His eyes grew wide. "No!"

I tilted up my chin to show him where I'd felt the hot splash.

He retrieved the loofah and some soap and gave me a quick wash. "I didn't see anything," he said, grinning, "but I'll wash you down, just in case."

I felt calm and in control, thanks to my orgasm. I always have a spell of about ten minutes, right after sex, where I can say almost anything and not lose my nerve.

"I won't take any money for this," I said.

He frowned and fiddled with the taps of the shower.

"This trip here has been magical," I said. "I really appreciate your generosity, but I won't take any cash. Whatever you have arranged with Suzanne, you can give her the commission, but if you give her the whole amount, whatever you agreed to, I'll just donate it to a charity."

"But it's for you."

"Luthor, my parents raised me to take care of myself. I own a condo, and the mortgage is half paid-off already, because I work hard and I'm smart with my money. Granted, my savings plan hasn't left a lot of fun money around, and some months my bank account gets close to zero, but I go on the odd vacation, when I can get a nice one on sale. I am a business woman, but there's one thing I don't sell."

He gave me a hard look, and I nearly lost my nerve.

"I don't sell my body," I finished. "I give it freely. And I gave it to you, here, because I like you, and you're adorable, and you f**k like a bunny." I smiled at the last comment to lighten the mood.

He grabbed a shampoo bottle and scowled at the label. "Wouldn't you like to have your mortgage paid off?"

"I'll get there on my own. I'm only twenty-seven. I've got lots of time, and once the business picks up even more, Suzanne and I will hire some other organizers, and we'll just keep expanding." I wrapped my arm around his shoulders and drew him in close, so I could kiss his handsome jaw and cheek. "Maybe you can give me some business tips, be like a mentor."

He put the shampoo bottle down and kissed me, once. "Sure."

As we had breakfast with Suzanne and Simon, and the three of them joked about Simon's dancing moves from the night before, I sipped my fresh tropical fruit juice and thought about returning home the next day.

Jacob's email was very much on my mind, and I was weighing the possibilities. Luthor Thorne, who was currently looking dashing in a white linen shirt, was exotic, like tropical fruit juice, or like all the spicy dishes we'd enjoyed at the resort. Jacob, however, was like Coca Cola and spaghetti, and home. I knew where I stood with Jacob, and was looking forward to seeing him again, putting on the special underwear that I hadn't packed for my trip because the idea of wearing them for another man didn't seem right.

Simon asked me a question, but I'd been lost in my thoughts. "What?"

"Finding Nemo!" he said, and the three of them laughed.

"Yes, yes, let's find Nemo again today," I said.

One more day. One more day of exotic food, Luthor Thorne, and adventure under the sea.

The day was perfect and blue, again, and I wondered what Indonesia might be like during the rainy season. We were on the boat, heading out to our dive, and Simon asked our guide if he might ask a personal question.

The guide, a friendly gray-haired Indonesian man in this sixties, said, "Everybody goes pee in the scuba suits. But it's sterile, so don't worry."

"Not that," Simon said. "I was wondering if ... people ever have, um, intercourse while scuba diving."

The guide grinned from ear to ear. "Trust me, it is not worth the effort. Plus we have a rule. Do not have sex in front of the fish, because it scares the fish."

Everyone-there were a dozen of us on the boat, guests and staff-laughed.

Suzanne said, "For the record, everyone, my husband was asking out of intellectual curiosity. There is no way I'd have sex scuba diving. It is not on my sensual tourism list."

Beside me, Luthor sat up straight and asked, "Sensual tourism list?"

Suzanne blushed and pointed at me. "Lexie started it."

I rolled my eyes and tried not to show my embarrassment. "It's not an actual list. Like, I don't have a list of things written down anywhere. It's more of a casual list, in my head."

Luthor fixed me with his gaze. "Is swimming pool sex on the list?"

I covered my smile with one hand. "Not before, but it is now."

"About that," Simon said. "Next time, could you guys do it in your pool, not ours?"

I gasped and covered my mouth with both hands.

Suzanne elbowed Simon and then leaned across the boat to pat my knees. "It's okay. It was dark out and he barely saw anything before I dragged him away from the window."

I doubled over with giggles, and when I looked up at Luthor, he had a bemused expression on his face, and he was neither confirming nor denying anything.

We reached the reef for that day's dive and went over the safety protocols again. My heart was beating faster, and I was excited to get down there with all the beautiful fish and coral again.

Luthor was quiet. He'd been cool since our talk in the shower, and I wondered if I should have left rejecting his money until the very end of the trip. The more I thought about it, I realized it likely made him uncomfortable to not have the power.

Well, it had taken a while, but now he knew how I'd felt when he left me in that pitch-black restaurant. I would likely bring that up at some point as well ... or maybe not.

In a day, I'd be flying home to Jacob's arms, and this time in Indonesia with Luthor was just a vacation. A vacation from my real life.

Suzanne came up to me before we got into the water, saying, "Will you be my diving buddy? Luthor can go with Simon."

I glanced over at Luthor, who shrugged. Apparently he wasn't that keen to hold my hand and swim around with me, appreciating Simon's company equally. Simon could have him.

"Sure," I said to Suzanne. "But no underwater scuba sex."

"But you look so good in that suit."

"So do you," I said, and gave her a hug. Whatever happened, I was so glad my best friend was there with me.

We got into the water and began the descent. This dive was a little deeper than the previous one, and this coral reef was similar, but different, like a neighborhood you don't normally shop in.

Suzanne and I goofed around holding hands for a bit and doing a little synchronized swimming, then we got down to the sightseeing.

I'd been looking at photos back at the resort, including some coffee table books back at the villa, and I was able to name some of the sea creatures.

We found some striped Emperor Angelfish, flashing through the water with their bright orange tail fins. A snake-like Blue Ribbon Eel darted out from shadows and nearly scared my scuba pants right off, but luckily they were attached to the whole suit.

I spotted a gorgeous little fish, the Yellowstripe Basslet, with its prom-dress-pink body and yellow racing stripe.

My body felt a little denser that day, perhaps because of all the rich food we'd been eating, or perhaps because we'd be leaving soon, and before long I was at the bottom of the ocean.

Suzanne had her back to me, watching some long, skinny Trumpetfish buoy along, when my flipper stirred up the sand and rocks below me. The sand came to life, whirling around me, and my leg felt hot. Pain. I struggled to breath. Pain.

I waved for Suzanne, but she was so far away. I looked down and saw a trail of blood pluming from my leg.

The blood was beautiful, like the feathery coral, fanning out.

I yelled for Suzanne, but she couldn't hear me, not through the equipment on my face and all the water.

Suzanne!

The blood plumed up, tinging the water.

I've never been good with the sight of my own blood.

It makes me faint.

