1: Calling for Candy

Mr. Luthor Thorne phoned me and demanded sex while I was having lunch. I was at a lovely cafe with my friend and business partner/boss Suzanne.

Suzanne pulled a slice of cucumber from her iced water with mint and cucumber then nibbled it while studying me. We were on the outdoor patio, next to the sidewalk, enjoying the late-summer sunshine.

I held the cell phone to my chest and hissed at her, "Don't you need to check messages on your own phone or something?"

"Nu-uh," she said, then she put her elbows on the table, and, chin in hands, continued to study me. The lady was married, so my sex life was endlessly fascinating to her.

Up until my phone started vibrating, over and over, unrelentingly, we'd been having a great conversation about our favorite topic: sex. She wasn't taking her birth control pills, because they wreaked havoc on her skin and her moods, so she and her husband were using condoms, except for the fact that he didn't like condoms.

"Nobody likes condoms," I'd said to her. Still, I used them most of the time, even though I'd been on the pill myself for about five years. "You don't want a baby yet, do you? Oh, Suze, be careful."

"He mostly does me in the ass," she said matter-of-factly.

I nearly choked on my tuna salad sandwich. "Since when did you start doing ... you-know."

She did that face where she squints one eye and rolls up the other one, looking like a cartoon version of herself, her dyed-to-match-her-hair red eyebrows exaggerating the expression. "Lexie Ross, if you can't even say anal sex, you'll never get to do it."

"Duh."

"There are so many nerve endings in your butt. Like, so many. Your butt's like your clit, but shaped like an O."

"Bleh." I finished chewing my mouthful of sandwich and said, "Not on my sensual tourism list."

"Sensual tourism, what? Is this a real list? Like a bucket list? I'd like to see this sensual tourism list. I bet it's not very long, on account of all the things you won't do." She counted off on her fingers and said, "You won't eat pu**y, and you won't take it in the back door, and what else? Oh, right, you won't say I love you to anyone but your parents."

"That's not true," I said. "I love you, Suzanne, you saucy little fake-redheaded lambchop."

That was when my phone rang for the tenth time in a row. Rather than let it go to voicemail, again, I decided to answer the damn thing before all the vibrating ran down the battery. (Don't you hate it when your vibrating things are down on battery life?)

Despite the blocked number, I knew by the voice that the caller was Mr. Thorne, as expected.

As Suzanne watched me intently, her chin on her hands, I said, into the phone, "Sorry, sir, Candy's not available. She's at lunch with her gorgeous girlfriend. Candy does have a life you know."

He laughed from his side, lightly, as though this was all part of the foreplay to the phone sex he wanted and was sure I'd give him.

"This sounds to me like Candy," he said.

"Nope."

"You sound sexy. I bet you have a tight ass. What's your name?"

"I'm the receptionist. My name is Helga and I have ..." I tried to think of something gross, but I didn't want to say something revolting, because even though I wanted to get him off the phone, I didn't want him to imagine me in a gross way. Finally, I said, "I'm Helga and I was born without a vagina."

He'd already seen my vag-been inside it, in fact, so that was a pretty safe lie.

"Transitioning, huh?" he said. "That's cool. Tell me more about yourself, about your ideal lover."

I snorted. "Do you have all day?"

"I have a few minutes, and if you don't have a vagina, I'd like you to tell me about putting my c**k into one of your other holes, whichever one's available." He paused, and I imagined him licking his lips. "The mouth is always nice."

I frowned at Suzanne, who was still watching and listening intently. She whispered, "You should do it. Give him the phone sex."

I shook my head at her.

I'd given Mr. Luthor Thorne phone sex-oral phone sex, specifically-once before, and I'd vowed not to do it again. Technically, I'm not sure if it was phone sex or real sex, because I'd had my friend Jacob's c**k in my mouth for most of it. I was basically multi-tasking.

And now Mr. Thorne wanted me to give him cell phone oral, or something like it, again.

No.

I wasn't getting paid per minute, not like actual phone sex girls, and there was no way I'd be satisfying Mr. Thorne again, not without so much as a nice date beforehand. I'd been doing some really filthy (but fun) things recently, but I did have some standards.

"Put me in your hot, sticky hole, Helga. Though I really want Candy," he purred into the phone, and in response, I felt the pink lips I was sitting on ballooning, swelling in size, excited for his big, throbbing sex, even if it was only over the phone.

I snapped, "Candy's busy."

Suzanne waved her hand at me and snapped her fingers. "Suzie can take this one," she said.

I hadn't told Suzanne who it was who'd been calling me for days trying to get phone sex, as Mr. Thorne was a client of our professional organizing services, and I didn't want her to know I'd been fraternizing, but she did know that someone had been calling.

She said, wiggling in her chair, "Let me suck him off. Oh, I really want to."

Some people walked past us on the sidewalk, and I was sure they heard her.

I shook my head.

She pouted. "But phone sex with a stranger is on my sensual tourism list! What about my needs? Share, Lexie."

I held the phone to my cle**age to mute my voice. I was wearing the backless and expensive red dress, the one a sexy silver fox had purchased for me the week before. It was a little dressy for day wear, but I felt like a million bucks in the expensive fabric and fine stitching, so I'd been wearing it every chance I got. I didn't think of myself as a materialistic person, but high-quality garments got my motor running in a way that nothing but the sight of a big, gorgeous, na**d man could.

"He's a sick one," I said to Suzanne.

She shrugged. "I'm married. I could use a little thrill. This isn't technically adultery, is it?" She pulled her hand away momentarily, then answered her own question with, "Of course not! I'm just doing you a favor and giving myself a little sensual tourism thrill. Gimme the phone. Gimme, gimme."

I held the phone to my ear. "Sir, Candy's not available, but would you like to speak to one of our other girls?"

He paused, then played along, "Who's available?"

I answered him by making up the sluttiest names I could think of on the spot, until at last he pounced on one: Mitzi.

I rolled my eyes. "Mitzi's right here," I said. "Her tits keep popping out of her dress, though, so she may have a wardrobe malfunction on you."

Suzanne/Mitzi made a startled face and covered her chest. She was wearing her yoga clothes-black pants and a pink zip-up jacket, and in no danger of popping out. She had a tiny, modest figure, but Mr. Thorne didn't need to know that.

His voice cold and business-like, he said, "Let me speak to her."

"Your wish is my command. Yes, sir." I handed Suzanne the cell phone.

The waiter came by to refill our chilled cucumber water and clear our plates in time to catch Suzanne describing herself as, "Petite, with red hair, and ample, natural br**sts."

For the first time, I saw Suzanne as the hot little piece of ass she was. The girl was petite, and though her red hair came from a bottle, she did have nice br**sts. I wouldn't call them ample, but they were big enough. As she spoke on the phone, breathlessly, she unzipped her pink yoga jacket and ran her fingertips along the top of her form-fitting yoga top.

The waiter, a teenaged boy, blushed and quickly ran off, practically tripping over himself in his haste.

"You gave that poor boy a boner," I said to Suzanne, but she snapped her fingers and waved at me to stop talking.

I crossed my arms and slunk in my chair.

Suzanne was grinning, enjoying herself immensely, and I was ... not happy.

Why wasn't I happy?

I looked around, seeking an answer. Attractive people were walking up and down the busy street, and an expensive-looking car drove by-one of those bright yellow sports cars designed to attract attention.

That was it. I wanted attention from Mr. Thorne.

Suzanne had him now, and I was jealous.

She was describing to him a full-on fantasy scenario, taking a lot more time to set up the scene than I had when I'd spoken to him. Damn, she was good. She created a luxurious suite, complete with a baby grand piano inside the room.

My jealous mind imagined the scenario as she described it over the phone to him, in tantalizing detail. When she got to the strawberries, I ceased to be in the sunshine at a sidewalk cafe, but was transported by her words, watching the fantasy scene unfold.

It went like this:

Suzanne met Mr. Thorne at the place of his choosing, which was a luxurious hotel suite downtown. They ordered room service: champagne and ripe, red strawberries. They requested a room with a piano, and she played a song for him-a beautiful song. All those years of lessons had really paid off.

(Just a reminder: this is me, telling you what I imagined, based on what Suzanne was saying to Mr. Thorne over my cell phone. At times, my imagination filled in a lot more than what Suzanne was saying. My imagination is just like that.)

He wore casual clothes, with a knit shirt, like what you'd see on a golf course. His strong biceps bulged as he popped open the champagne, and Suzanne squealed. (She wasn't Mitzi in my vision, but Suzanne, my dear friend.)

She got up from the piano stool, shy and nervous as a school girl, and stood in front of him, looking more petite than ever next to his imposing frame.

He picked out the biggest strawberry, stuck it in his mouth, and passed it to Suzanne with a passionate kiss.

She reached down with her manicured hand and stroked the crotch of his pants. He pushed her hand away and asked her to take it slow, not to rush. They were standing next to a table, in the middle of the luxurious open-plan suite. In addition to the piano, there was a sunken tub on one side and a King-sized bed on the other.

The sun was setting, and the curtains were open, revealing the city, all midnight blue sky and golden lights.

"You're all mine," he said.

"I am."

"You'll do as I say."

She nodded obediently, and then he poured champagne for both of them, in tall, thin, crystal flutes.

"What shall we toast?" she asked.

"Eating strawberries," he said. "I'm going to eat your strawberry."

"I waxed it just for you."

"Let me see."

She trembled a little as he reached down with one thick finger and lifted the hem of her red dress. He caught a peek at her freshly-waxed and baby-powdered pu**y. She arched her back, leaning her soft mound toward him, begging to be touched, but he only nodded, smiled, and dropped her hem.

He said, "You want me to touch you."

Her voice shook as she said, "I really do."

"Doesn't your husband touch you there?"

She shook her head, no.

"He doesn't know what he's missing. Let me see it again."

She nodded and waited for him to look, but he didn't move.

"Go stand against that wall," he said, gesturing to the side of the room, next to the bed.

She walked toward the wall and he directed her to stand with her back to it.

"Now spread your legs," he said, standing a few feet in front of her.

She wore red shoes with very high heels, as she was so petite, and she was glad she had them on, so she could nearly look Mr. Thorne in the eyes.

"Spread them a little wider," he said, and she did.

He took the champagne from her hand and set it on a nearby table, along with his. He undid the buckle of his belt, but went no further undressing himself.

Still standing before her, gazing into her eyes, not letting go, he said, "Lift up your dress without moving your feet."

She timidly pulled at the hem of her skirt, inching it up along her pale thighs.

"Slowly," he said. "Now. Now show me that strawberry pu**y of yours."

She raised the hem some more, revealing her mound, the front of her crease, and her folds, which were swelling in anticipation.

He took off his belt, dropped it on the floor, and undid the top button of his trousers.

Huskily, he said, "Do you want me to touch that strawberry pu**y?"

She nodded.

"I didn't hear you."

"Yes," she said.

"Yes, what?"

She blinked at him, looking confused.

He fed her the line, "Yes, please, sir."

She repeated after him, "Yes, please, sir," not breaking the connection of their gazes, she with her sparkly, pale blue eyes, he with his hazel eyes that wavered between green and brown.

"Do you know what I'm going to do to that strawberry pu**y?"

She nodded.

He undid his zipper and slid his trousers down, and then his briefs.

When she saw his beautiful manhood, so big and strong, just like his arms, her mouth started to water. Her head felt light, like she might faint. Her sweaty palms still held up her skirt, and her legs were spread wide apart. With no underwear on, she was completely exposed, and they were utterly alone. Nobody knew she was there.

He pulled off his shirt so he was completely naked.

"Don't move a muscle," he said, and he went to fetch the bowl of strawberries. He returned, and held one strawberry in front of her mouth. "Put this in your mouth, but don't chew, and don't swallow until I tell you to. Do you want it?"

"Yes, please, sir."

He put the strawberry in his mouth and passed it to her with another kiss.

After the kiss, he knelt down at her feet on the carpeted floor. From below her, he swept his hands up and down her legs, first on the outside, and then on the inside. He stopped short of her crotch.

He said, "Why are you shaking? Are you cold?"

"Mm-mm," she said, meaning no, around the strawberry in her mouth.

He laughed. "Just nervous, I suppose. And you should be." He stroked her legs again.

Her mouth watered around the strawberry that was melting in her mouth, and her pu**y felt red-hot, like it was burning up with a fever.

Mr. Thorne leaned in and gently applied the tip of his tongue to the top of her crease, to the part that looked like a keyhole in an antique door.

She fought the urge to thrust her h*ps at him, to push his tongue deep into her slit, where she wanted it. Patience, she told herself.

He ran his hands up and down her legs, and then he ate her, hungrily, putting his whole mouth against her mound, tonguing and licking and sucking, all at once.

She cried out in surprise at how good it felt, and nearly swallowed the strawberry in her mouth, but didn't.

The heat built up in waves, pushing her up, up, up, into ecstasy, nearly pushing her into the spasm of orgasm, but he pulled back. He pulled back and he blew gently on her pu**y.

He voice hoarse and deep, he said, "You may swallow the strawberry now."

She swallowed as his hands ran up and down the outer sides of her legs.

He said, "Do you want me to f**k you?"

She shook with nervousness, her elbows now slick against the wall with nervous sweat.

"Yes, please, sir," she said.

He stood, and with one motion, he thrust his c**k into her eager, wet, awaiting opening.

She cried out in surprise and pleasure, commingling emotions.

He thrust again, and he was in further.

It felt so good inside her, so hot and urgent. She wanted to feel nothing but his manhood, sliding in and out of her slick opening. Her cl*t burned, so hot, the width of his c**k pulling at all her skin and making the loose skin of her hood taut, to rub deliciously against her clit.

This was what she wanted. It was exactly what she wanted.

He thrust again, and incredibly, he filled her up even more.

She felt her entire body shifting up, and realized her feet were no longer touching the ground.

He pinned her petite body, so much shorter than his own, against the wall, and thrust himself in and out of her. He moved his hands on the backs of her thighs, her ass, and now he lifted her up, supporting her weight with his c**k and his arms, her back against the wall, the back of her hair being pulled down by her movement, exposing her throat.

She wrapped her legs around him as he devoured the skin of her throat, pressing his lips and tongue against the sensitive flesh of her neck.

Still he thrust in and out of her, the movements easy, even though he was so large, because her juices were flowing for him, inviting him in, deeper.

His rod seemed to stiffen even more, until she could scarcely believe it was flesh inside her, and not some man-made instrument, and he moved faster, pounding away at her.

The taste of strawberry still lingered in her mouth, and she sought his mouth, to taste him as well.

As they kissed, their tongues finding each other, a little spark ignited deep within her. She prayed silently that he would not change rhythm, would not stop until she came. The warmth spread out in waves, almost unstoppable, almost as inevitable as the sun rising.

She'd let go of her skirt at some point-she couldn't remember when, and now her arms were wrapped around his shoulders, her hands in his thick, black hair.

He shifted back and pulled her away from the wall.

Her eyes flew open, and she was fearful of being dropped, or of them falling, but he was strong, and she was small, and he held her up easily while stroking in and out.

She glanced over to the bed, wondering if he was taking her there, and he walked with her on him, toward the bed, but then stopped.

He spoke, saying, "We don't need the bed."

Her hands slipped around on his shoulders, now damp with his sweat.

The back of her calf, wrapped tight around his lower back, also slipped a little on his perspiration.

"I'm going to come," he said, strongly bouncing her up and down on him.

She moaned, the heat rising again, increasing with each movement, each stroke in and out, her cl*t being massaged by the movement of his girth, and the interior side of her cl*t rubbing up and down on his gorgeous hard dick.

He made an urgent moan, his hands firmly on her bu**ocks, lifting her up easily and dropping her, hard, onto him. Again and again, filling her.

She thought about the hot wash of fluid that would be coming from him, bathing her insides, and her orgasm began, pleasurable waves, and then an explosion, blasting out from his cock, deep inside her. She moaned and threw her head back, all her muscles clenching and releasing at once as the pleasure rocketed through her.

His breathing stopped as everything bottled up, and then he gasped and released. He released into her, and she slid up and down on him easily, taking it all. Taking every last drop, every last shudder.

He bit gently into her shoulder, and then, when he was done, he walked them over to the bed. He leaned forward and set her on her back, then he gently withdrew, and crawled up onto the bed, alongside her.

They both glistened in the soft, romantic light of the room. Outside, the sun had gone down, and the city glittered.

He stroked her face. Her hair had changed. She was no longer a redhead, not even that petite. He looked at her, his eyebrows knitted together in confusion.

She said to him, "I love you."

He kissed her hungrily, lovingly, then pulled back and said, "I love you too, Lexie Ross."

Meanwhile, at the cafe, the waiter arrived with two drinks, which he said were compliments of a gentleman at the bar.

I was in a daze from the scenario I'd been imagining.

What the hell?

Suzanne had given phone sex talk to Mr. Luthor Thorne, and now I didn't know what way was up or down, and my loins were aching, painfully frustrated.

"Thanks," I said to the waiter. He scurried off quickly, before he could be embarrassed by us again.

Suzanne handed me back my phone, saying, "That was ... different."

I took the phone and said, "Why did you say you loved him?"

Suzanne threw her head back and laughed. "Good grief, Lexie, you must have potatoes growing in your ears. I certainly did not tell him I loved him. I told him he had a fantastic body, a gorgeous voice, and that it had been my pleasure giving him pleasure."

"Oh."

I stared down at the silly-looking drinks in front of us. They had actual umbrellas in them.

Suzanne turned back and tried to get a peek at the gentleman at the bar who'd sent them over, but whoever he was, he'd disappeared.

I sipped my drink, which was an ice-blended concoction that tasted of strawberry.

The strawberry taste was so vibrant, so good. I felt like I'd never truly tasted strawberry, never understood it, until just then.

Suzanne took her pink yoga jacket off and draped it across the back of her chair. In a silly pseudo-British voice, she said, "If I do say so, I did rather a good job on that fellow of yours. Was it Jacob? It didn't sound like Jacob."

"Someone else."

She frowned. "You're not telling me, which makes me suspect he might be married. Listen, Lexie, you do not mess with another woman's husband."

"He's not married," I said.

She relaxed visibly and sucked on her drink. Her cheeks were flushed, and I had a pretty good idea about how hot and bothered she'd gotten. Her husband was really going to get it tonight.

I asked her, "Why were you so nervous? In the phone sex fantasy?"

She gazed up at me, her blue eyes looking puzzled. "I wasn't nervous."

"But you kept saying you were trembling, or your legs were shaking."

"Hah!" she said. "You must have been hearing things. I said no such thing."

"Weird." I slurped the strawberry drink again, feeling incredibly surreal. Each taste of strawberry made the vision I'd had even more real, only it was me behind held up and f**ked against the wallpapered wall, and me getting pistoned. On Mr. Thorne. Held up in his strong arms.

Pistoned.

Yeah, that was the word for it. And it had felt so good, in my mind. So f**king hot.

My crotch started to ache as I replayed the scenario, this time with a slightly taller, darker-haired girl. Me. Standing with my back to the wall, my legs trembling with excitement. Parting my legs and awaiting Mr. Thorne's inspection, and his strong tongue burrowing into my folds.

Suzanne was still talking, saying how if the professional organizing business didn't pick up soon, she might look into the phone sex business, since she was a natural entrepreneur.

"Good idea," I mumbled.

As I looked at my pretty friend, all pink and flushed with sexual energy, I felt irritated and angry. How dare Mr. Luthor Thorne talk to Suzanne? He should have refused.

If I ever saw him again, in person, I was going to make him pay for f**king her against the wall in the nice hotel room, even if it had just been my imagination.

He'd said dirty things to her over the phone, and that part had been real.

He'd be sorry.

2: Perfect Timing

On Tuesday, Mr. Luthor called again for phone sex.

He grunted, "Candy."

"Not available. Do you want Mitzi?"

"Sure."

I nearly threw the phone across the room. I was knee-deep in clutter, helping a rich old lady rearrange her boxes of collectible porcelain figurines.

The old lady tsk-tsked me and shook her head. "You young people and your telephones. You can't not answer it, can you?"

I ended the call and turned the phone off. "Sorry, Mrs. Chong."

She clapped her hands together and surveyed the mess. Tissue paper and boxes were everywhere, because we couldn't just inventory and stack her collectibles, but she had to take each one out of the box and actually show it to me!

Mrs. Chong said, "How about I have Chef whip us up some lunch so we can take a much-needed break?"

We'd only been at the organizing for less than forty-five minutes, but I was hot, sweaty, and agitated, so I agreed, even though I didn't like to waste time when I was on the clock.

On Wednesday, I was hip deep in Mrs. Chong's collectibles, anticipating spending the rest of the week there, when Mr. Luthor Thorne called. Again. Wanting phone sex.

I excused myself to Mrs. Chong's washroom, shut the door, and said to him, "If you want something from me, ask me on a date."

He said, "You sound cranky. Is Mitzi there?"

I ended the call and turned the phone off.

On Thursday, Mr. Thorne did not call.

On Friday, Mr. Thorne did not call, and I felt sad.

I didn't want to feel sad, or lonely. After work, I called up Jacob, my fireman friend.

"Lexie, I don't know. I'm exhausted from working out," he said, his voice so tired it was making me feel tired. "And I have to get up early ..."

I held the phone away while he made excuses. I cut in, saying, "I'll suck your dick like it's a diamond ring."

He cleared his throat.

"Jacob?"

"Why don't you come on over? I think I'm getting a second wind."

With a big grin on my face, I ended the call and raced to grab my keys from the bowl beside the door.

I was at his place in less than ten minutes. Both of us being in the same neighborhood was probably why the arrangement worked so well. We'd met at a club and been introduced by a mutual acquaintance. Jacob and I had hit it off, for the night, at least.

We'd attempted to go on a date, once, but he'd come up to my place to pick me up, I'd yanked him inside the door, torn his clothes off, and that was about as far as dating went for us. We'd talked about our needs, and both agreed we weren't into anything serious. Our arrangement was good. Though it wasn't the sort of thing I could tell my mother about, it was honest, and we really were friends.

When I got to his place, he was walking around his bachelor apartment, holding up his cell phone with one hand and running an electric razor over his face with the other.

I went to the fridge and grabbed myself a bottle of beer. He finished shaving, clicked off the razor, then said into his phone, "I gotta go, sweetie, my friend is here."

After he put the phone away, I said, "Sweetie?" We weren't exclusive, but I did want to know if someone else was in the picture.

He laughed. "My niece. She's the most adorable thing."

I stepped in close and slid a hand up under his tight-fitting, black T-shirt. "You, sir, are the most adorable thing."

"I need a haircut," he said, running his hand over his black curls, his dark brown eyes crinkling with his grin.

"I'll cut your hair."

"Really?"

"Sure! I trim my mother's hair, because she likes to save money."

He took the bottle of beer from my hand and tipped it back, guzzling the rest, then he set the bottle down on his counter and let out a loud belch.

"Jacob!" I yelled, pulling away from him before the smell hit me.

"Grr," he said. "That's what men do."

I circled the small apartment, ending up in front of the gas fireplace. I draped myself over the mantle and said, "What else to men do?"

He jokingly smacked one hand into his open palm. "They pound the pu**y."

I unbuttoned my blouse, revealing that I wasn't wearing a bra. With a flirty smile, I fondled my breast and said, "Come here so I can put one of these in your mouth to get you to stop talking."

"No dirty talk tonight," he said, getting closer.

He stopped a few feet away from me and slowly pulled his tight, black T-shirt off over his head. He took an eternity, just like a hunky fireman at a calendar photo shoot-which was something he had done for the last few years. Always for a good, charitable cause, of course.

His body really was a work of art, with clearly-defined abdominal muscles, and a slim waist tapering up to broad, strong shoulders.

He knew I was watching, knew I was drinking him in, and he dragged out the moment, finishing with an oh-so-casual stretch, his muscular arms above his head.

"You sexy tease," I said.

"Play your cards right and I'll do the whole dance for you someday."

I tilted my shoulders back and let my blouse slip off, falling to the floor.

He stepped all the way up to me at last, but he didn't put those muscular arms around me just yet. He leaned down and licked at one nipple, firming it with his tongue and then giving it an exquisitely hard suck. A tremor of pleasure shot through me from my nipple to my core, and I gasped.

He looked up at me through his dark eyebrows, his eyes so knowing. As with the undressing, he knew exactly what he did to me, the affect his gorgeous body and his generous touch had on me.

His hands gripped my waist, the firm pressure of his fingers sending a thrill down my spine. As he slowly moved both hands around to the front of my waistband, to the button, my pu**y began to ache for him. Still leaning down, he unfastened my jeans as he moved to the other breast, running his tongue around the whole orb of it and then onto the other nipple, already firm for him.

He moved his mouth all the way up to my collarbone, my throat, and then to my mouth. I kissed him eagerly, parting my lips to allow his tongue access.

He had my jeans and panties down and I stepped out of them, kicking them aside without breaking our kiss. We were still in front of the fireplace, with me leaning back against the mantle to steady myself.

I had my hands around his broad, muscular back, my fingertips alternately digging in and gliding over his firm muscles. I knew he worked out to be strong for his work, for hauling equipment and saving people's lives, but being so beautiful was a fringe benefit I could enjoy.

His kissing was sensual, but not as ravenous as he usually was. I pulled my head back and commented, "Are you feeling up to this? I don't want to wear you out if your tired. I'm sorry ... I ... um, barely said two words to you when I got here. Did you have a busy day at work?"

"Nothing too dramatic. A couple of accidents, but it was a good day. We did good work out there."

I ran my fingers over his biceps. "I'm so proud of you."

He pulled me in and squeezed me in a hug. "Thanks for saying that. You're a good friend."

"So, what do you wanna do? Wanna watch some TV? Order food in?"

He took one of my hands and pressed it against the firm shape at the front of his jeans.

"You're not so tired after all," I said.

He started walking backwards, pulling me with him in an awkward, half-dancing, half-stumbling fashion, until we reached his sofa. His sofa was also his bed, but he hadn't folded the bed out, which was fine by me, because I hated that squeaky old thing.

He fell back on the couch, pulling me down on top of him. I was completely naked, but he still had his jeans on. With him on his back, I rubbed my mound against his crotch, pressing hard against his c**k to rub my cl*t against him. I groaned. "Oh, let's dry hump, like teenagers," I said, getting into rhythm.

He laughed. "Just for a minute."

"Mmm." I kept rubbing against him, surprised at how pleasurable the sensation was. He was locked away under his jeans and I was free to get as much friction as I needed. I'd be coming in a few minutes, at this rate. Thinking about what torture it was for Jacob only made it all the more dirty and fun.

"Your back is sweaty," he said as he pushed me away.

I bit my lip and growled in frustration. "So? A little sweat freaks you out now?"

He unbuttoned his jeans and released his cock, fully engorged, shiny and slick across the head. "I want to be inside you when you come."

I grabbed his c**k in my hand and squeezed. "So demanding."

"You can still be on top."

I pumped him with my hand, making his eyes roll up with pleasure. Now it was his turn to bite his lip. He caught his breath and said, "Up, up, we have to pull out the bed."

I jumped up and grabbed the cushions, tossing them with gusto across the room to make him smile. He was all business as he pulled out the bed (with sheets on it this time, thank goodness), got his jeans off, then got out the condoms and the lube.

I eyed the lube suspiciously. Who was he kidding? I always got crazy wet for him. Was he thinking about some other girl? Or was he going to try for anal sex?

He lay back on the bed, his gorgeous calendar-ready body waiting for me, and any worries I had flitted away. It was just the two of us, our na**d bodies twining together, giving each other pleasure.

I climbed on top of him, but didn't put his hot, meaty c**k into my pu**y just yet. I kissed him and sucked on his neck, grinding my mound against his erection, squirming around. When I sensed he'd suffer enough torture, I slowly moved down his body until I had my face over his cock. I pressed my face against the silky-soft skin, drinking in the musky scent.

With a giggle, I said, "I'm going to suck it like it's a diamond ring."

He didn't respond verbally, but I thought it was the funniest thing. I guess, in the abstract sense, I meant that his c**k was special, and that he was precious. I opened wide and licked his head quickly before bobbing down on his shaft with my mouth. His c**k throbbed as I sucked it, getting even harder, so rigid that it forced my face closer and closer to the chiseled muscles of his stomach.

With one hand on the base, my other hand roamed around, exploring his body for my own gratification. Even my hands were pleasure receptors, with his beautiful, muscular body.

When I pulled him from my mouth, he grabbed my whole body and shifted me up on top of him. He deftly grabbed the condom and got read, then gripped me by the h*ps and pressed the tip of his c**k between my slick folds. The fullness pulled at my skin, pulled everything tight and firm.

I was so turned on from giving him head that I started to come before he was even all the way in.

"You are so hot," he said, driving into me.

I came, sooner than expected, but still with some fireworks. My throat was tight as I cried out in pleasure.

He kept moving, working me up and down his hard shaft. The air around us was dense and rich with his musk.

As we kept up this dance, waves of pleasure rippled through me, my inner walls and cl*t incredibly sensitive. As he thrust into me, moving my body with his strong hands and arms, his h*ps pulsing rhythmically, his motions dragged out the edge of my orgasm, and it went on forever.

When he came, grunting and tensing, I was still right there with him.

After the feverish movements, we came to a rest, and I collapsed onto him, my strong, sturdy, good friend Jacob.

My breathing had just returned to normal when the buzzer in his apartment buzzed.

He pushed me off him. "That'll be the Chinese food."

"What? When did you order Chinese food?"

He crossed the room and pressed the intercom button to let the delivery guy up, then he raced over to get his jeans and tidy up. Following his lead, I did the same, getting back into my clothes much more quickly than I'd gotten out of them.

I repeated the question, "When exactly did you order the food?"

He pointed to the clock above the mantle. "Right on time," he said. "I timed it out from when you phoned me, figuring we'd be ready to eat right about now."

I opened my mouth to say something, but the delivery guy was already at the door. Jacob chatted with him for a few minutes as he paid for the food.

Once we were alone again, I pulled up a stool at his kitchen counter-the only place in the tiny apartment to eat a meal like a civilized person.

I said, "Did you time the food to arrive ... after we had sex?"

"Yes," he said plainly, looking innocent. "Was that wrong? Tell me what I did wrong, Lexie. I didn't mean to offend you, it's just ..." He pointed back and forth between himself and me.

I opened up my packet of chopsticks and rubbed the wooden sticks together, laughing. "I don't know why I'm being so silly," I said. "Of course it's fine."

He leaned across the forehead and kissed me on my forehead.

"You're the best," he said.

I opened up the steaming food containers as Jacob grabbed some plates and napkins.

We ate dinner in contented silence.

After, we watched some inane TV shows together, stretched out on the fold-out bed. He said I was welcome to spend the night, but I thought about my own bed and my own shower, plus having fresh, clean clothes for the next morning, so I thanked him and got ready to leave before midnight.

At his door, he kissed me goodbye and said, "I'm glad you called."

"Sorry for twisting your arm, but I had a good time."

"Any time," he said, and he gave me another peck goodbye.

The drive home was even faster, with no traffic, and I got my teeth brushed and was back in my own comfortable bed within half an hour.

I let out a long, satisfied sigh and settled in for a very pleasant sleep.

3: Dining in the Dark

On Saturday, I was finally free of Mrs. Chong and her collectibles, and I planned to spend the entire day in my pajamas.

The intercom buzzed, and I thought it would be my elderly neighbor needing help with her groceries. To my surprise, it was a messenger.

I ran down to the front entrance rather than buzz up a stranger, and was greeted by the most adorable young man on a bicycle, who handed me an elegant bundle of flowers and a card.

I thanked him and returned to my condo, buzzing with excitement.

Inside the card was an address, a time, and ... nothing else.

I stuck the flowers in some water, grabbed my laptop, and sat on my vintage teak sofa, where I googled the address.

Turned out, the address was from this weird new restaurant. The waitstaff were all people with vision impairment, and the patrons dined in the dark.

Absolute, pitch-black darkness.

So as better to enjoy the food, apparently.

Seemed like a big pile of what my grandfather would call horsepatooie, but the invitation had to be from Mr. Thorne.

My fireman, Jacob, would never think to pull something like this off, and I wasn't dating anyone else, casual or otherwise.

Although ... there had been the husband of the personal shopping client, the silver fox. I'd kept him out of his wife's way by letting him watch me get changed inside the luxury boutique's changing room. He'd helped me out of my panties, then he took me to heaven. Several times.

I'd returned the favor, and I even adhered to his share-happy wife's strange rules, by making clever use of a sock.

That had felt like a one-time only deal, and I didn't think this dinner invitation would be from him, though it was a possibility.

I thought about Mr. Luthor Thorne, and the first time we met.

I'd been working in his mansion, banned from seeing him. He'd climbed in his own bedroom window like a burglar, like a gardener gone rogue. He pretended he was just a man doing work around the mansion, but his manner and his too-even tan gave him away, not to mention that gorgeous dick. I'd seen his dick the day before, when I'd been hiding under his desk. (Kind of a weird story, I know.) That day, I'd had his delightful manhood inside my pu**y, but not in my mouth, and I'd hungered for it ever since.

Mr. Luthor Thorne.

In his custom-made shirts, and one of those expensive, luxurious suits.

I stroked the fabric of my vintage sofa, but it was no substitute. I wanted the real deal. The man, the suit, that deep voice, that giant, throbbing ...

I rubbed my thighs together in eager anticipation. My nub needed only a gentle prodding to awaken, firmed up and ready for action.

What would he do to me?

My thighs rubbed together eagerly.

What wouldn't he do!

I looked for something hot on my computer. Anything. I had a few photos saved in a special directory marked "Minutes from Meetings," and I pulled the photos up into a slideshow.

The first photograph was in black and white, of a fully dressed woman in thigh-high stockings, being greeted at the door by a man in a suit. He said hello to her by putting one firm hand under her skirt.

I put my hand down my sweatpants and got busy.

The second photo was a woman, naked, in a narrow hallway, with one man in front of her and one behind her. That photo nearly blew my mind the first time I saw it, and it did the trick this time as well.

The slideshow continued, through a collection of photographs ranging from tasteful and erotic to down and dirty, with nasty-looking girls with smeared makeup getting firmly rooted by hard-looking men.

As I circled around and around my clit, moving faster and pressing down harder, I thought about big cocks, plunging in and out of me, and a man moaning, as hot jets of his seed sprayed into me, making my pu**y even hotter and wetter.

In my imagination, the men had cocks like firehoses, blasting hotness into me. It was weird, but I was sure men had even weirder fantasies.

Five hours later, the taxi dropped me off in front of the restaurant for my date with Mr. Thorne. My date? Hell, yes, this was a date. We were dating.

I wore a black pencil skirt and a new blouse, in a deep purple hue of eggplant. I'd spent ages on my hair and makeup, which was silly, considering we'd be eating in the dark, but I figured we'd do something after dinner, in the light, and he could see me then.

The taxi pulled away, and I was alone, on the sidewalk.

I'd been to the place once before, but that was back before it had turned into the strange dine-in-the-dark restaurant. At one point, as recently as a year ago, it had been a family restaurant, with schnitzel for the fathers, spaghetti for the kids, and lots of salads with heavy dressings for the mothers.

My stomach grumbled, and I tried to remember what I'd eaten that day. Had I eaten anything since breakfast? Possibly not, if you didn't count candy, and nobody counts candy.

I tried to peer in the windows, but they were blocked and blacked out, to keep the outside streetlights and car headlamps from lighting the place up, I guessed.

I wondered if there were a few candles or night lights inside, like you'd see in a movie theater, for safety. No, probably not. I'd read reviews saying the place truly was pitch-black, but the food was divine.

My heart started to pound. I was afraid, but I didn't know if I was more afraid of being in the restaurant, being in the dark, or being there with ... Mr. Thorne.

I'm not afraid of the dark, but it's natural to have an aversion, I think. We have eyes and sight for a reason.

I wondered what would happen at dinner. Or after dinner.

Mr. Thorne couldn't take me back to his place, because he'd made some ridiculous bet with Grace, the woman he worked with. He'd promised he wouldn't date any girls for three months, of which it had been less than one month. I didn't know what the details of the bet were, but he seemed unwilling to get caught and pay the price.

I'd cleaned up my condo, assuming we'd go back there. We'd already had sex once already, so even if we were starting from square one, I wasn't planning to be that coy. I'd put fresh sheets on the bed, so he wouldn't smell Jacob.

I was getting hot between my legs again, anticipating messing the sheets up with sweat and sex with Mr. Thorne.

I entered the restaurant and found, to my relief, there were candles.

To the attractive woman standing inside, I said, "Thank goodness there's some light! Phew!"

"Oh, just here in the lobby," she said. "You'll look at the menu here, place your order, and then I will guide you to your seat."

"Really."

She nodded. "And what's your name?"

"Lexie Ross."

She looked at the computer screen and said, "Your party's already seated."

That figured, since I was about ten minutes late, due to traffic and a slow taxi driver who wanted to chat me up while checking me out in the rear view mirror.

I said, "Is my party a gentleman?"

She laughed. "Don't you know who you're meeting?"

I felt shameful and slutty, but I asked anyway. "Does he have black hair or silver hair?"

She raised her eyebrows and gave me a cheeky look. "Black. Wavy. Green-brown eyes. Strong jaw and brow line, a real man's man."

"That's my lover," I said, smiling. "He likes to play games, so he made me think I might be meeting one of his business colleagues here tonight."

"Oh, no," she said. "It's just the two of you, and you're in a private room."

"Private room?"

Some other people walked in the door, talking excitedly.

The girl beckoned me closer to her and said, "Officially, it's a room that isn't on the building plans. It doesn't exist. But if it did exist, people could do anything they wanted in there. And you have it booked for the entire evening."

I fanned one hand over my blushing face. "Of course," I said.

She then handed me a tablet from the stack on her little podium, and showed me how to use my finger to scroll through the menu. "Just click the things you want, and the order goes in to the kitchen."

"Wow," I said, admiring the technology. Those tablets weren't cheap, and the restaurant had a pile of them, instead of menus. The prices weren't visible on my screen, which meant I didn't want to know what the things cost! Thank goodness I wasn't picking up the tab for this one, or my entire week's earnings from admiring and organizing Mrs. Chong's precious ceramics would be completely wiped out.

The hostess led me through a dark corridor, and then through a velvet curtain. I blinked several times, but still couldn't see anything.

I said to the hostess, whispering, "Is this safe? Don't you need to have the EXIT signs illuminated? Like for fire safety?"

My friend Jacob, the fireman, would have been horrified to see how dark the restaurant was. Just horrified! It was a shame I couldn't tell him about it, but part of our arrangement as casual friends and occasional lovers was we didn't talk about other people. We kept things safe between us, of course, because Jacob had a lot of other lovers besides me. I didn't mention the condom when I was recalling our last tryst, but we did use one. (And then, another one.) I used condoms a lot, but I omit the detail from my stories and from my memory, because it's just hotter that way.

Speaking of safety, the hostess assured me that there were lighting systems in place, in case of emergency, and that I was quite safe. "You're in good hands," she said, and then she opened a door, by the sound of it, and ushered me into a room. I could tell by the change in sound-the disappearance of other diners talking and utensils scraping plates-that we were in the private room.

She said, "Your server will knock before entering with your food, and it won't be long."

And then the door closed.

I flailed my arms out to make sure she was actually gone, and not just standing there for a laugh.

I said, "Hello?"

A deep voice came back, "Hello."

My knees shook, just like the girl's knees in my fantasy. Had I been projecting my own fears onto the version of Suzanne in the fantasy scenario? I'd never been afraid of a man before, not like this.

"You're late," he said, his tone somewhere between consternation and amusement.

"You're lucky I came at all." I edged my way around the room, hands out, feeling for my chair. The room wasn't large, by the feel of it. It was bigger than a closet, but I could nearly touch both walls with my hands outstretched.

He chuckled. My hands landed on something warm and woolen, his shoulder. A warm hand came up to cover my hands, holding me in place. His touch gave off sparks.

He said, "At last, I get to touch you again. I thought your voice would be enough, but I've been craving your touch."

I pulled my hands away. This time, I found my chair and got myself seated. The chair was wooden, with no padding in the seat, and it was hard under my bottom, which was already aching for the man in the dark room with me.

"What was the wording of your bet with Grace?" I asked him. "Was it just that you can't see another woman? Is that why we're meeting like this, in the dark? Where you can't see me? Is this a sneaky little loophole?"

He laughed, that deep, voluminous voice so much richer than it was over the phone. "She doesn't know I'm here. She'd probably make me suffer if she did."

"What are the terms? What do you have to do if you cave?"

Something touched my knee, under the table. I inhaled sharply and tensed my back.

"That's my hand," he said. "I can't see your lovely face and wanted to make sure you were real, and not a figment of my imagination."

Now it was my turn to laugh, and I did. I slid down in my chair so his hand could work its way up along the tops of my thighs. Our table wasn't big, but it was in the way. I heard the scrape of him moving his chair closer to me, edging around the side of the table so he could gain access.

Both hands were on my legs now, so hot and electric, double the fun, running up and down the outer edges of my legs. My breathing changed, becoming more shallow. I parted my legs, inviting him up, but he kept his hands away from my valley. Oh, he was going to make me wait.

"Sorry I was late," I said.

"Mmm." One hand moved in between my legs, a few inches, then hesitated. "I thought you were going to stand me up."

"I considered it."

"Why?"

"Because I was mad at you."

"Hmm." The hand moved up my legs, under my skirt, and stopped, just inches from my moist panties. He stroked my inner thighs along the seam of my panties, up and down. I slid down a little and nudged toward him, urging him on.

The finger ran up over my panties and then down the center line, over top of the fabric, then back up again, and over my aching nub. I felt like jumping out of my seat, finding him in the dark, and jumping on his lap, but I held myself steady.

Let him come to you.

That had been the advice my mother gave me back when I was a teenager, dating for the first time.

"You have all the power," my mother had said, and I wanted to believe she was right.

My breath caught in my throat as he stroked my nub.

"You were mad at me," he said.

"Yeah, because you had phone sex with my friend Suzanne. You shouldn't have done that."

He laughed and pulled his hand away, leaving me aching for more. In the pause that followed, I explored the table top with my hands and located a glass of ice water, and a round glass of something else. I stuck my finger in the top. "Is this wine?"

"Taste it."

I took a sip of the ice water first, and then of the wine. It smelled like wine, tasted like wine, but in the dark, my taste buds didn't know what to think, except that it was good.

He said, "I don't usually drink white wine, but the staff here recommended white over red in case we spill on ourselves." He chuckled. "Plus, white wine's cold, so you can tell when it's hitting your lips."

I took another sip and noted the sensation. It was true that I could feel the weight of the glass, but it was only the coolness on my lips that let me know when I'd tipped back far enough. I drained the rest of the glass to help calm my nerves. I didn't normally drink so quickly in front of a date, but he couldn't see me, so I figured what the hell.

He asked me, "How's work?"

"Exhausting, but satisfying."

"You must enjoy helping people."

"I do!" I smiled in the dark. "Wait, are you teasing me? Are you being sarcastic? I'm sure my job's pretty dull compared to your business deals."

"Lexie, if I didn't want to know, I wouldn't ask."

"Oh."

"So, what sort of things did you do for your clients this week?"

"Mostly rearranging porcelain dolls."

He chuckled. "That doesn't sound so exhausting."

"You'd be surprised."

"Surprise me," he said, and he sounded sincere.

And so, I proceeded to tell him, all about the week's job for Mrs. Chong, and all of her silly dolls. The woman had four children, all grown up, with grandchildren, but she seemed to love her porcelain dolls even more than the grandkids.

Mr. Luthor Thorne laughed at all of this, as though it was the most absurd and entertaining thing he'd heard in ages.

"Porcelain dolls never let you down," he said. "She's a smart woman."

"I think she's lonely."

"Hmm," he said, and I imagined him smiling in the dark.

I said, "We could have had the job done in two days, but she booked me through to the end of the week."

The hand returned to my leg, rubbing close to where I wanted to be touched, but not quite where I wanted him. The glass of wine had gone to my blood, and I was boiling. Boiling to be pleasured.

He said, huskily, "Sometimes there's no substitution for the human touch."

"I'll say." I took his hand and guided it up.

He hooked one finger in under my panties, stroked my cl*t three times, then angled his hand around and plunged one thick finger into my opening. I thrust against his hand and sighed. He fingered me some more, and his thumb flicked over my clit, setting it ablaze.

Something clinked, and I realized he was using his other hand to locate either his wine or his water glass, which made me giggle. "Don't spill any wine on yourself," I said.

He swallowed audibly, and his hand got aggressive, diving in and out of me with more energy, his thumb bearing down on my clit, pulsing out pleasurable waves, pushing me up that mountain.

"Ohmygod, you're going to make me come," I said.

"Moan for me."

I did moan, softly, and I started to get up from my chair, but he forced me back down again, saying, "Sit. Lexie, sit."

"Woof!"

He chuckled. "Good girl."

"I wish I could see you," I said. "I wonder if you have a tent in your pants."

"Oh, I do. Whimper for me. I enjoy hearing your satisfaction."

He rubbed me some more, waves of bliss pulsing out from those moving fingers, buried in a pool of wetness, merging with me. I cried out in pleasure, and he rewarded me with more pressure.

"Let me touch it," I said. "Let me touch your cock."

I leaned forward and found his knees under the table, nearly touching mine. I had to turn my body sideways, because the table was in the way, but I could reach with one hand, all the way up the fabric of his trousers.

The bulge was there, unmistakable. I traced my fingers up and down the shaft, through the fabric, finding the outline of the head. Even though the room was pitch black, and I saw nothing, I could imagine it in perfect detail, that perfect, stiff c**k of his.

"That's enough," he said, and he pulled his bulge just out of reach. "Save it for dessert."

I leaned back and focused just on the sensations he was giving me with his fingers. The room smelled pleasant, like vanilla, but not the cheap air freshener stuff. I also smelled flowers, fresh flowers, plus my own sweat, my personal scent, coming off my soaked panties.

I ached for him, and even though he was giving me pleasure, touching me, I wanted more. I wanted him in my mouth. His cock, or his lips, or any nice bit of skin I could get my hands on.

"Kiss me," I said.

"I will. Just wait. Be a good girl, Lexie. Are you a good girl?"

"Woof!"

He laughed again, and then he was quiet, focusing. He was feeling around carefully, running his fingers skilfully up and down my folds. By now, my panties, a better pair selected special for the occasion, were pulled off to the side. The back had ridden up the crack of my bu**ocks, and even that felt good. Everything felt so good. In the dark, in the quiet room, with only the scent of flowers and vanilla, I thought I might die from pleasure. There was soft music, too, the kind you don't notice.

"You like that," he said. "Tell me you like it when I touch you."

"I like it when you touch me."

"Tell me to finger f**k you."

"I don't like those dirty words."

He eased back his pressure. "Say it."

"Finger f**k me." As I said the word f**k, a little tremor passed through me. It felt good to say that word. So I said it again. I said it over and over again. "Finger f**k me. Harder. Faster."

"Uhh," he groaned, his voice sounding urgent. I wasn't touching it, but I could sense his need, sense the stiffness of his cock.

He kept going with that skilled thumb and those fingers, pulsing over my nub, sliding in and out of me. I wondered about the waiter and our dinner, and then I forgot about everything. In the darkness, I slid my hands up to my br**sts and squeezed my stiff ni**les.

"Fuck me," I said.

Pleasure ripped through me, so sudden and unexpected I gasped.

I continued, "Oh, f**k me. Oh, it's so good. Just like that. Yes. Good. Yes."

He moaned again, barely audible. "You like that. I can feel you, gripping my fingers while I f**k you with my hand."

I rocked my hips, helping the hand movements, the hand that was inside my panties, rubbing away at my swollen pu**y.

"Come for me, Lexie."

I pinched my ni**les again.

"Come for me."

Desperation flooded me. I imagined his big, fat cock, yearning to plunge into me, and I pinched my ni**les yet again. The waves crested over me and I cl**axed, rising up out of my chair, arching back on the backrest, ready to take all the fingers, his whole arm if he wanted.

"Good girl."

I heard myself moaning and clamped my mouth shut.

"Oh, baby, don't stop," he said, digging deeper with those fingers and smoothing over my pulsating nub with his thumb, amping up the final waves to ecstasy.

I came for him, came on his fingers, moaning and writhing in the dark. It was a desperate orgasm, one that didn't satisfy, but made me want more. I wanted another one.

He kept going, but I thought I heard someone at the door, and terror pulsed through me. Now my cl*t was too sensitive, vulnerable in the dark, trying to pull away.

Panting, I pushed his hand away, overwhelmed. "Wow," I said.

Someone knocked on the door.

I quickly rearranged my panties and pulled down my skirt, not that anybody was going to see anything in that pitch-black room.

He said, "Come in."

The door opened, and the scent of hot food filled the little room.

I grabbed for my ice water and sucked it back.

In the utter darkness, Mr. Thorne said, "Ah, that'll be the first course. Perfect timing."

4: Even More Dining in the Dark

I'd pulled my panties back into place to cover myself, and the hem of my skirt as well, though I also had to laugh at my modesty, since the room was so dark that I could have been butt na**d and the waitstaff wouldn't have known.

The person who brought in our first course explained what we'd be eating-a mushroom risotto. This was what I had ordered, and apparently Mr. Thorne had requested to have the same thing.

"Something in common," he mused as the bowls were placed in front of us.

The person explained more about what we'd been eating, as well as the instructions for us to press the buzzer on the wall if we needed assistance. The person's voice was low, but didn't quite sound like a man. In the dark, I was unable to identify the sex of this person by voice! It was the strangest thing.

I asked, "Do people ever panic?"

"No, no," the person assured us, and I thought, yeah right.

After the person left, Mr. Thorne said to me, "Was that a guy or a girl?"

I laughed, loud. "I don't know!"

"And like hell can they guarantee people never panic."

"I know, right? Like if my mother was here, she'd be hyperventilating right now."

His spoon clinked against his bowl. The risotto smelled heavenly, all wine and chicken stock and deliciousness. I didn't even care about the next course.

He asked, "Is your mother afraid of the dark? Or claustrophobic? Many people are."

Him talking about claustrophobia, plus my mother, put my nerves on edge. The black walls of the room seemed very near, and the air hot.

"She knows how to fend for herself," I said. "She'd whip out her trusty lighter and set something on fire for light."

Mr. Thorne laughed at this.

"I'm serious! She would. Never take my mother to a place like this."

"I'll try not to," he said, then he was silent, presumably eating the risotto.

I pinched my arm and screamed at myself in my head to not mention my mother again.

We ate all of the courses, enjoyed more wine, and tried to figure out the sex of the person serving us. At one point, we had the clever idea to ask the server his/her name, but the server said, "K."

I asked, "And how do you spell that?"

"You don't," K said. "It's just one letter, K. We all have one-letter names here."

Mr. Thorne said, "Of course you do," and laughed heartily.

I giggled. "Yes, of course. It makes perfect sense. Goodness knows you wouldn't want people to find out your identity. Oh, wait, but we can't see you, so ..."

The room was quiet, and I imaged K rolling his or her eyes.

K said, "Can I get you anything else?"

We'd already been served after-dinner coffee and dessert, so Mr. Thorne dismissed K.

We were alone, and the food had all been eaten. My dessert had been something with poached pears, raspberry sauce, and chocolate. I had a bad feeling I'd be craving it from that point on.

I was grateful the restaurant was fine dining, and therefore light portions. I felt full and satisfied, but not bloated like I would have after a big dinner with family or friends.

"Lexie," he said, my name sounding like a command.

"Yes, Mr. Thorne?"

"Ooh, I like it when you call me Mr. Thorne."

"Of course, Mr. Thorne."

"Do you have your panties off yet?"

My breath stopped and my heart started to hammer. You'd think I'd be more relaxed after a few glasses of wine and a lovely meal and conversation, but I was terrified.

"No," I said cautiously, wondering if no was the right answer.

"Why don't you slip them off, and bend over this table. I've got something for you."

My mound throbbed with desire, hungry for what he had for me. "We shouldn't do things in here," I said. "What if there's a spy camera in the room, like an infa-red camera?"

"There isn't."

"But you don't know."

"Take your panties off."

I took a deep breath, and then said, "I'm not finished my coffee yet."

He raised his voice, just a little. "Now. Not later. Now."

I dropped the coffee cup against the platter.

Changing tone to be sweet again, he said, "Good girl. I bet you're all wet for me, aren't you?"

I stood and rolled up my pencil skirt, then rolled down my panties.

Even as I did, the voice in my head screamed at me, No! Don't! Don't give up all the power. You have the upper hand here!

But I didn't want to have the upper hand. I wanted to have him-have him deep inside me. My pulse throbbed in my clit, which had forgotten all about the orgasm I'd just had an hour earlier. My vagina ached, ached as though I hadn't had any pleasure in weeks.

With my panties off, I pushed my skirt back down and shuffled over to stand at the edge of the table. My legs trembled.

I asked, "Shoes on?"

"How tall are you?"

"Five foot eight."

"Shoes on."

I heard a belt buckle, and then a zipper running down.

The room was still pitch black, as it had been the entire time, only now it wasn't pleasantly black. Now it was sinister black. Scary black. I felt exposed.

"Lift up your skirt," he said.

I considered refusing.

"Now," he said.

I shimmied it up, crumpling it around my waist, exposing my butt to the air.

He put his hand on my bare lower back and pushed me. "Bend over. Over the table."

I leaned forward, gripping the sides of the table with my hands. I nudged a few of the taller dishes, the wine glasses, out of the way.

"You smell delicious," he said, one hand still on my lower back, but no other part touching me. His voice seemed to come from all around me in the tiny, dark room. "I could eat you up."

Feeling brave, I said, "Dessert?"

The hand that had been on my lower back traveled down, over my bare ass. He stroked my butt cheeks gently, his hand moving around each cheek, caressing it. I moaned with pleasure, because it felt so good, especially after sitting on that hard chair, to have him touching me again.

The one hand was joined by another, calmly caressing and massaging. The hands ran down my center line and found my soft lips. A finger parted them and dragged my moisture all the way up my center line.

His voice startled me when he spoke, saying, "Lexie, do you want me to f**k you in the pu**y, or in the ass."

"Not the ass," I said.

"The pu**y. Picky girl."

"Yes, please. Yes, please, sir."

A finger trailed up and down my slit, so slowly. I pushed back against the finger, but it pulled away.

"I'm going to f**k you right where you want it," he said.

"Okay."

The finger on my slit was joined by the head of his cock, nudging in. I ached for it, ached for more, for all of its length.

His hands moved around to my hips, to the outer edges. His fingers sunk in, deep into my flesh. Hard.

Holding my h*ps steady, he plunged into me in one forceful slap.

I gasped in surprise.

Gripping my h*ps so tightly with his hands that it was almost painful, he rammed into me, harder, and harder, and then harder again.

My eyes opened wide and I gasped for air. I'd never felt anything like it.

Underneath my chest, the table rattled, and dishes crashed to the floor.

He rammed me, harder and harder, until I thought I might burst from pleasure, explode from such fullness and force and so much desire.

The dishes crashed some more, and my half-full coffee spilled on the table, soaking the front of my blouse and my br**sts, but I was only peripherally aware of this, because the whole world disappeared, and I was just the tight little pu**y, wrapped around his desire, wrapped around his cock.

He thrust into my eager hole from behind, slamming the muscles of his abs plus his hip bones against my ass, our bodies slapping, the speed increasing.

I grabbed the edge of the table and started to pant, my second orgasm of the night building.

It was a strong one, coming from deep within, from deep penetration.

His c**k was stiff, and big, and pulsating with power. Despite the shock of his sudden movements, my pleasure rose up like heat waves.

He released his hands from my h*ps and grabbed me by the shoulders. He shoved me down against the table, and then he proceeded to f**k me even harder.

Now the table was banging against the wall, and I worried about the waitstaff walking in, and then I laughed out loud.

He grunted, "What?"

"Just that if someone walked in right now, they wouldn't see anything, and-"

He cut me off with, "No talking."

I shut my mouth, closed my eyes, and succumbed to the sensations. Maybe it was the darkness, or maybe I'd been lulled by the pleasant conversation, but things had taken a strange turn. I can't say I didn't like getting it hard like this. He grunted like an animal, and it made me feel like a cavewoman or something.

All my nerves were lit up, and even though the room was black, I saw bright light. White light, pulsating to blue, then purple. We were merged, and I didn't know where he ended and I began.

My head pulled back, pulled by my hair. He still had one hand on my shoulder, but the other had a thick lank of hair, and he was pulling it. My scalp was stinging, but it felt so good.

I moaned and moved my body, tilting my h*ps up so he could penetrate me deeper. Impossibly deeper he went.

And that was what he wanted.

I felt his body behind me tense up as his orgasm began, and mine began in rhythm with his.

I imagined his hot seed spurting into me.

My walls shuddered, and I cried out as my own orgasm, my second, but even stronger than the first, shot through me like a bolt of lightning.

He was gone, then, pulled out of my vagina, and hot liquid landed on my butt cheeks as he came on my damp skin.

He pressed his balls into the crack of my butt and gently (now he was gentle!) rubbed up against me as he grunted and came on me.

We both paused, not moving, only breathing.

Then he pulled away, sighed, and went to sit on his chair. I still couldn't see him, but I could feel his body heat, hear him breathing.

I heard something clink. His belt buckle. He was getting dressed already.

"Hang on," he said, and he dragged a cloth napkin across my butt and bare lower back, cleaning me up.

"Thanks," I said, then I released my vise-like grip on the table and stood back up. My front was wet, and it took me a moment to realize it was from the coffee on the table. I didn't say anything about the coffee, or any of it, because ... I didn't know why at the time. I felt uncomfortable. I'd never been taken so roughly, much less in the pitch black, by a man I hardly knew. I didn't know what to make of the situation, or the confusing emotions crashing over me, but I wished at least someone would turn on the damn lights.

"That was nice, Lexie," he said, which made me feel a little better. I located my panties, put them on, and took my seat.

Something buzzed, and I startled and made an alarmed sound.

He said, "I'm just letting them know we're done."

I rubbed down the front of my wet garments, making sure I wasn't covered in the sticky chocolate that had been drizzled on my dessert. I seemed to only have coffee on me, black, which wouldn't show against my deep eggplant-hued blouse or black skirt when we left, or so I hoped.

"You're quiet," he said.

"Mm hmm."

"What am I going to do with you?"

"I don't know," I said coldly. As I adjusted my seat, I noticed I was already feeling a little sore in the vaginal area. I'd be doubly sore the next day, and that gave me mixed feelings.

He said, "Do you have plans ... Monday?"

"That depends. What did you have in mind?"

"I need a little work done for me."

"Work? I'm a professional organizer. That's what I do." My voice was sounding icy. "I'm not some call girl you can call up at your convenience."

Silence.

Finally, he said, "Lexie, I didn't think you were."

"Good."

"Good," he repeated after me. "Now are you available Monday or not?"

"If it's for work, you'll have to go through Suzanne," I said. "These are the terms of my partnership with her."

"Fine," he said. "I'll call Suzanne."

Just then, the waitstaff person knocked at the door, came in, and told Mr. Thorne his car and driver were waiting at the back entrance.

The person left, having made no mention of a bill.

Something dawned on me, and I said, "Do you own this restaurant?"

"Among many other things, yes."

"You might have told me that over dinner."

"Why? Would you have enjoyed the risotto any less? Or any more?"

I squirmed in my seat. "Never mind. What did you have in mind for Monday?"

"I'll let you know," he said.

"Um. Okay."

"I have the number." His chair made a sound as he pushed it back and stood.

"Great," I said, pushing my chair back as well.

"Lexie, do me a favor and wait five minutes, until I'm gone, before you come out."

My jaw dropped open. He wasn't going to drive me home? That was it?

The door clicked shut. He'd left.

And I was alone in the room with a coffee-soaked shirt and a sore seat.

THE END OF BORROWED BILLIONAIRE #3

