Part 1: Blind Date

When my sister Nikki first told me about the blind date, I said to her, "If he's so freakin' fantastic, why don't YOU go out with him?"

That was when I found out my big sister had an aversion to body hair. She'd always been a little odd, starting with plucking her eyebrows to thin lines when we were teens, and now, waxing everything, including her arms, but I had no idea this policy extended to other people. To men.

"Exactly how hairy is this Trevor guy?" I asked.

We were sitting on the back porch of our parents' house, as we usually did every Sunday night. Dad was futzing around with the pork chops on the new barbecue (this one was hooked into the gas line, so nobody had to go on propane runs mid-meal anymore). I was comfortable there, on the porch, with my mojito in hand. Maybe too comfortable, and that was Nikki's point, I think.

"He's a grown man," she said, not answering my question about hairiness.

"Sasquatch hairy?"

She rolled her eyes. "Grow up, Naomi. You can't be a kid forever, getting taken care of by Mom and Dad."

Just then, my mother came by to freshen my beverage, unwittingly proving my big sister's point. Yeah, I was comfortable, and I didn't want to grow up. I'd moved back in with my parents after college to save some money, whereas Nikki was moving up the corporate ladder while paying off loans and renting a house with friends.

Mom paused, pitcher in hand, keenly aware that a sisterly conflict of sorts was brewing. "What's up?"

Nikki said, "I've got a fantastic guy for Naomi, but she's being stubborn and won't go."

Mom did that audible intake of breath, the one she does right before she picks my sister's side.

"Oh, I'm going on the date," I said, cocky as hell, thanks to my second mojito. "I'm just pulling your leg, Nik. He sounds great, really."

She narrowed her eyes. "Really."

I locked gazes with her. "Really."

And that was how I got roped into a stupid blind date with some divorced lonely dude from her office. I anticipated nothing short of full-scale disaster. Poor bugger was probably in love with my sister, anyway, and agreed to go out with me to curry favor with Nikki the hairless wonder.

At least that was what I was thinking five days later, when I got dressed up for the date, putting on my trashiest, skankiest, nastiest bar outfit, with fishnets and everything.

* * *

Friday

When Mom saw me pop upstairs for a glass of water before going on my blind date, she said, "No."

"Too much?" I looked down at the bustier I'd bought for a midnight performance of The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Performing had been a big part of my college experience, with all my theater major friends. The sparkling, gold-hued bustier almost fit, almost kept my boobs under control.

She said, "Not too much, no. More like not enough."

"Ha ha," I said. I caught a glimpse of myself in the hallway mirror and saw what she saw: a carnival freak. A fun carnival freak, but a slutty one.

Mom said, "That doesn't give a good first impression."

I bit my lip. She was right.

I'd sworn off sex, as it always turned into a disaster for me, and there was no way I'd be boinking my sister's lame co-worker, so I didn't want to give him the wrong impression. It would make me feel good to have him eyeballing my cle**age, but I didn't want to have to fend him off all night either. Besides, we were going to a movie. And that movie was not The Rocky Horror Picture Show.

My head hanging low, I clomped back to my room and got changed into something a little more Mom-approved.

I wanted to scare the heck out of this work-friend of Nikki's, really give them all something to talk about at the office, but I could do that in a more demure outfit. I could probably do it with my personality alone, really.

I put on cable-knit tights, a blue pencil skirt, and a fitted T-shirt with pale pink and cream stripes. The ensemble was cute, spunky, and didn't clash with my blue and black hair. The skirt matched perfectly.

Back in the kitchen again, my mother gave her approval. All was perfect for about ten seconds, and then she spoke wistfully of how she missed my natural hair color, brown.

"But I suit blue hair," I said.

"You suit brown hair too, sweetie. And it looks nicer." She grabbed my hair and frowned. "So damaged. All split ends."

I groaned and felt about fourteen again.

The doorbell rang.

My heart fluttered with excitement, which surprised the hell out of me. Was I actually excited about my sister's lame, hairy co-worker? And it wasn't just my heart, either, but an equally fluttery and delicious feeling happened between my legs.

That sensation, that insta-lust, must have been triggered when I saw his shape. Through the privacy-etched glass panels to the sides of the front door, I could make out his large frame. He was a tall one. Big.

The usually-quiet flesh within my panties began to throb, aching with desire.

Big.

I opened the front door, expecting his actual dorky appearance to blow out the candle flame of my desire, but seeing him had the exact opposite reaction.

He was huge, well over six feet tall, which made him way bigger than my dad. I'm petite, and the people in my family are all small, and I tend to date skinny dudes who are really into art and listening to music, not going to the gym.

"Trevor MacIntyre," he said, extending one big mitt of a hand toward me. "You're even cuter than Nikki said."

"Nikki said I was cute?" I let him shake my hand in his nice, warm palm. His knuckles were covered in dark hair that ran up to his wrists and under his leather jacket.

"She didn't mention the blue hair," he said, "but that's okay." He had a beard, and he grinned, his thick lips revealing some manly chompers and a friendly smile. "I like surprises."

"Me too."

My mother snuck up behind me and reached her arm around me to shake his hand as well. I could see by her body posture she was taken in by his charm. She asked him about where we were going (dinner and a movie) and how he got into real estate development (family business) and then told him, and I kid you not, "Naomi doesn't have a curfew. So you kids have fun."

I stared at my mother, my mouth open in shock. Really? Really, Mom? Why don't you just write him a permission slip to have sex with me?

He told her we had a lovely home, and he admired the landscaping out front.

Scowling at her, I said, "Don't worry, Mom. I'll be home at a decent time. I wouldn't want to keep you and Dad up."

She waved her hand at me, while eyeballing Trevor. "Don't be silly," she said between giggles.

I hugged and kissed her goodbye, then stepped out and shut the door behind me.

Trevor gave me a big smile and said, jokingly, "Wow, your mother's really protective of you. What's your father like?"

"About the same, but less flirty."

Trevor opened the door of his vehicle, a sporty and very tall truck, and said, "I bet he's nice. Nikki's a real sweetheart at the office, so it's no surprise her family is so cool."

I stared at the big step up to the seat of the truck.

"That's a big truck," I said. It was a long way, and with my short legs combined with my tight skirt, me getting in on my own wasn't going to happen.

"It's practical," he said. "Because of the business. Sometimes I have to pitch in and haul equipment on or off a work site, or signage. Lots of signage."

We stood there making small talk about signage and cargo space for a few minutes, until finally I said, "You're going to have to lift me up into your big truck."

He glanced down at my little feet, in my ballet flats, and laughed-a big, hearty, manly laugh, like oh-ho-ho, but not in a Santa Claus way.

Then he swept me up, in his arms, cradling me. He picked me up as easily as a bag of chips, and my heart skipped a little. I thought of kissing him on those red-hued lips of his, being tickled by his dark mustache and beard hair. I'd never kissed anyone with facial hair before, and I wondered ...

He set me into the leather seat and lingered, giving me a good smell of him. The vehicle smelled new and leathery, and Trevor smelled like the smallest hint of cologne and something else, like a moisturizer or a hair product, that made me think he'd had a shower right before picking me up.

We locked gazes. He had orange-brown eyes, flecked with black and gold, and his pupils were dilated, hungry for me. Very interested.

His chest rumbled with his deep voice as he withdrew his hands from under my legs and behind my back, saying, "Comfy? Need any help with the seat belt?"

I fought the urge to grab his cheeks in my hands and kiss him right there. "I got it, thanks."

He closed my door gently and walked around to his side.

That pause.

That pause when you're in the vehicle's passenger seat, and your date is walking around to the driver's side. Isn't that the greatest five seconds ever?

It's a beginning.

It's full of possibilities.

I rubbed my thighs together.

He was so hot, so f**king hot and manly, and all those things I didn't know I even wanted.

But it had been a long time for me.

My last boyfriend had come out as g*y not long after we split up (this happened about a year earlier), which had made me question my entire dating approach. I didn't trust my instincts anymore. Couldn't trust my heart or that naughty pu**y between my legs. My pu**y always wanted things that were wrong for me, wanted sex immediately, without taking time.

So, I'd taken a vow of chastity, and so far I'd kept it. Without sex or a man in my life, I'd had plenty of time for other things, like my job, and drawing and ... nothing quite as good as sex.

The driver's side door opened, and he stepped easily into his seat with those long legs. As Trevor put the keys in the ignition, he turned and gave me this flirty look, this look that said we weren't going to dinner after all, but back to his place. And he was going to tear off my clothes and f**k me until I became addicted to his sex, his petite sex slave, begging for his cock, day and night, dressing up in corsets and kinky boots and sashaying in front of him to distract him from the TV and whatever else he liked to do.

He said, "Whatcha thinkin' about there, Naomi?"

"Stuff."

He drove down the street, looking carefully before crossing intersections, and stopping for pedestrians. "What kinda stuff?"

I licked my lips. "Just that I haven't been on a date in a long time."

He glanced over at me. Oh, he knew what I meant by date.

With that sexy, deep voice, he said, "How long has it been?"

I tensed my thighs, pulsing them while I thought. "Hmm, maybe ... almost a year, I guess." It was October, so it had been ten months since that awful Christmas.

"Did Nikki tell you I'm divorced?"

Did she? I couldn't remember anything. I hadn't been paying attention. "Honestly, Trevor, she told me a bunch of stuff, but I wasn't listening, because I thought you were going to be gross."

He laughed. "Gross. Thanks. I assume by saying that, you are telling me I'm not gross."

I glanced around the interior of the vehicle, looking for clues about Trevor. The truck's cab was rental-clean, with no clues. "You're hunky," I said.

"Hunky!" He slapped the steering wheel and laughed. "You mean chunky, right?"

I glanced down at his mid-section, from what I could see under his button-down shirt, what wasn't covered by his leather jacket. He wasn't the skinniest guy in the world, and a few years older than me, maybe thirty, but he looked good. He looked cuddly, like a teddy bear.

"No, not chunky. I said hunky. Take a compliment, Trevor. You told me I was cute, and I took the compliment, even though I don't feel cute all the time."

"Okay," he said, nodding. "I'm hunky. I can live with that." He tapped on the steering wheel, in rhythm with the song on the radio. "A cute girl says I'm hunky."

I folded my hands on my lap and tried not to think about his dick. And how big it might be.

He had some pretty big boots on those feet of his. And his hands were a good size. I'd only been with men who had small hands and feet not much larger than mine. Shorter guys were always into me because they were taller than me.

If Trevor's boots were that much bigger than my ballet slippers, I wondered if we'd even fit together, if his c**k would get all the way into me. I'd never used a big sex toy inside myself, so I had no idea. But I wanted to try.

He said, "Now whatcha thinkin' about?"

"How hungry I am."

"Great!" He turned the truck into a parking lot and parked. We were at a place I'd never been inside, a restaurant called Hank's Bar and Grill. Don't let the name fool you, though, this was no dive, no greasy spoon diner. It was actually a high-end seafood place, the type with tiny portions on big plates, or so I'd heard.

He said, "I come here with a lot of business clients. I wine 'em and dine 'em and-"

"And sixty-nine 'em!" I finished. As soon as I said it, I felt my face flush red with embarrassment.

He turned off the ignition and turned to me, his face intensely serious. "Not unless they're cute," he said.

I giggled nervously as I broke out in a sweat all over, my skin prickling.

He jumped out of the vehicle quickly and dashed around to my side. He opened the door and reached up for me. I could have easily stepped down on my own-my skirt would allow that direction-but I wanted his hands on me.

I clicked off my belt and moved sideways in my seat.

He took his time picking me up and setting me on the ground.

I slid my hand into his and we walked into the restaurant, hands clasped. Just like that, things got romantic.

* * *

Things stayed romantic all through dinner. We had nice wine, great food, and conversation. He was a good listener, enjoying my stories, which said a lot about him. I have this one anecdote, about a rather spectacular bike-riding accident I had when I was twelve. I'd tried to go over a skateboarding ramp on my pink bicycle and ended up with stitches. Some people laugh when I tell this story. Trevor gasped and held his hand over his mouth in horror. Even if he'd laughed at me, I probably still would have wanted to f**k him, but I would have felt conflicted. As it was, his kindness and compassion made me want to blow him right there in the restaurant, just for being such a great date.

He told me about his pet ferret he'd had growing up. He showed me some photos he'd scanned in and put on his phone, and I just about died from the adorableness.

As he thumbed through the photos, I asked him to stop and go back a picture.

It was him, shirtless, about to go white water rafting, by the look of it.

"Lemme see that!" I said, trying to get the phone away from him.

He pulled the phone away and acted embarrassed, but he caved and showed me the pic of himself, shirtless. He was hairy, yes, but he still had a lot of skin visible. Not too hairy. Not too hairy at all!

Seeing the image turned me on. My panties were getting a nice little flooding from the photo alone, and I'd be a waterfall for sure, if only he'd kiss me.

I flicked over to the next image on the roll, looking for another angle of him shirtless, and the next image surprised me. I was speechless as I stared at a picture of Trevor, still shirtless, standing next to a girl who could have been me. She wasn't me, of course, but a girl who looked more like a sister to me than my real sister, Nikki.

"Who's that?" I handed the phone back to him.

"Oh, shit. That would be the ex. I thought I deleted all those."

The idea of her, of this ex who had not yet been discussed, passed over the table like a dark cloud.

I waited for Trevor to say something about our striking similarity, but he didn't. She looked so much like me, or vice-versa, since she'd been first.

The waiter came, cleared the dessert plates, and refilled our coffee. I tried to shake the image from my head, but I couldn't un-see it.

Trevor said, "You already know all about my work, but I've no idea what you spend your days doing."

"How long were you guys married?"

He jiggled the ice cubes in his near-empty water glass. "That's not first-date conversation material."

"Has someone been coaching you?"

He avoided my eyes. "I've been talking about myself all night." He reached under the table with one hand and grabbed my knee. "Let's talk about you. About what you want."

Rather than pull back, I slid down in my chair, letting his hand move a little further up.

"I'm not sure what I want."

He leaned forward as much as he could with the table in the way. "Do you want to skip the movie portion of this date?"

His eyes burned at me.

Yes, I very much wanted to skip the movie.

The hand moved forward, inching toward my moist panties.

His breathing changed, and I imagined that big lump in his pants getting bigger, growing for me.

I sat upright in my chair, his hand now resting on my knee.

Casually, I said, "We could watch a movie at ... your place."

He nodded. "I have a big TV."

I slipped off my shoe and slid a stocking-clad foot up his shin and then between his legs.

"I bet it's enormous," I said, licking my lips.

"It's a good size."

"Probably bigger than any TV I've ever seen." My toes made contact with the lump in his pants, and I ran the soft pad of my foot up and down his erection. "Enormous."

His eyes fluttered closed then open and he cleared his throat. "My TV hasn't been watched in a very long time."

I gently massaged his c**k with the sole of my foot, fascinated by how big it was getting. "Tonight may be a special night," I said. "For your TV."

He grabbed my foot as he looked me right in the eyes. He massaged my toes with his fingers as he pressed his hardness into my sole. With intensity, he said, "I don't know how long I'll be able to wait. My TV is dusty."

"Let's go," I said, pulling my foot away and backing up my chair.

He frowned and bowed his head. "Give me a minute."

Of course, he didn't want to walk through a crowded restaurant with an enormous erection.

I stood. He'd already paid the bill, and I had an idea.

I pulled him to his feet and quickly turned around, pressing my backside into his hard bulge. I wrapped his arm protectively around my shoulder and said, "C'mon. Stick with me."

"Like glue," he said, and we walked out of the restaurant that way, with my hip protecting his modesty.

He kept bumping into the round of my ass and the small of my back with his hard cock, and I was nearly delirious with desire for him. I wanted to reach down into his gray slacks and hold it in my hands, feel its weight and heat.

We got out to the truck in the dark parking lot and he opened my door again. When he lifted me up, my hand went to his crotch and I squeezed at him.

He leaned in to give me a first kiss. He'd insisted we share each other's dishes over dinner, so neither of us would have to worry about our breath, and as he got closer, I was grateful for that. His lips met mine, and they felt like normal lips, then the beard and hair on his upper lip made contact.

The beard was actually soft-much softer than stubble.

He stood next to the truck, leaning in, and I sat in the passenger seat, leaning out, and we kissed, hesitantly at first. And then, he pressed harder against my mouth, his tongue thrusting into me hungrily, probing me.

I moved back and he moved forward. He reached down between my legs, pressed a button on the base of the seat, and the seat moved backward as the back reclined. The truck had a large cab with a second row of small seats in the back, and my seat nearly reclined to flat.

He climbed in the truck, still on my side, pulled the door shut, and shifted his body over top of mine. He was big, but the truck was big, too.

He was supporting most of his weight with one knee on the seat between my knees, and one hand on the console between the seats.

We kissed this way, lips meeting and pulling apart, tongues touching, hearts beating together.

I reached down with both hands and started working his belt, unbuckling it.

"Naomi!" he said, but he didn't stop me.

I got the front unzipped and released him, though he was still inside his boxer-briefs, a soft, stretchy fabric, black.

I stroked up and down the length of his hot erection, feeling the graceful curve of his head.

"Can anyone see us?" I asked.

"Who cares."

"You're right." I let go of his c**k for a moment to ease his trousers down below his hips, feeling his round, muscular butt in my hands.

Next, I grabbed the elastic waistband of his shorts.

The reveal.

Just like those few seconds while your date walks around to the driver's side, this part is full of amazement and wonder.

Pulling out that glorious erection.

It was like unwrapping a gift.

We were cramped in pretty close together, with Trevor awkwardly above me in the vehicle, but I could feel the moist kiss on his shorts from his erection inside, letting out lubricant.

The interior of the truck was lit only by the dashboard light, pale green.

I had to pull hard on the elastic waistband to allow his big member out and pull the shorts down.

What a magnificent piece it was.

Tall and thick, just like Trevor. The skin was soft and smelled good. He was cut, though he had a little extra ridge of skin in the middle, and when I grabbed him in one palm, the skin moved in my hand, allowing me to stroke the shaft easily.

He was so hard that I could have used it as a handle and pulled myself up out of my leather seat.

I shifted my body under him and curled up so I could get that lovely, glistening head into my mouth. My mouth was watering for it. I could have just eaten him right up.

I popped the head into my mouth and swirled my tongue around, mixing his taste into my saliva and wetting him.

Far below, my pu**y was also getting wet, excited.

I pumped my fist up and down on his shaft while I licked and sucked. There was no way the whole thing was going in my mouth, but I did what I could.

He said, "Damn, that's good."

"Mm hmm?"

"I mean ... damn!"

"Mmmmmmmmmm." I moaned a few more times, letting the vibration of my voice tickle my mouth and his hot, throbbing cock.

"Uh-oh," he said.

It got harder, thick and urgent in my mouth and he thrusted a few times.

"Mmmmmmmmmm," I said again, then I moved the other hand to cup his balls.

Give it to me, I thought. Give me your hot come, drown me in it.

I reached one hand around to his firm ass and squeezed it, encouraging him to come, to come in my mouth.

"Damn. Uh-oh."

Around the fat c**k in my mouth, I told him to go for it, to come in my mouth. "Give it to me," I said between sucks.

I desperately wanted to feel him deep inside my aching, wet pu**y, but I still had my tight-fitting skirt on, plus panties, plus (of all the stupid things) cable-knit tights. He was ready to come, ready to spurt, and there was no time or room in the truck to get him inside my body any way but my mouth.

Besides, he was young and hard, and he'd be ready to go again soon enough.

"Damn." He thrust and tensed.

I paused before the finish, pulled back, and lapped at his head with the tip of my tongue. I kissed it lovingly, like a prize, then I licked all down the shaft, slowly, and then back up again. I plunged him into my mouth, and his balls tensed up with pleasure, readying for the blast.

My own pu**y began to pulsate in sympathetic pleasure, coming with him in a sense, a sympathy semi-orgasm.

Ecstasy flooded me as his firm, hot c**k pulsated and shot into my mouth.

I sucked and swallowed, eating him up, loving every taste of it, of his desire for me.

"Damn," he said, and he bucked one more time, his c**k still hard, still spurting.

As his spasms diminished and he groaned over me, I massaged the base with one hand as I squeezed his firm buttock. The bottom of my blow-job hand was half-buried in his dark curls. I stroked those silky curls and moved my hand through them. I kept him in my mouth without a guide, and allowed both of my hands to move over his torso, traveling up his stomach and to his chest. He had so much soft fur, like a teddy bear, and I wanted to curl up alongside him and nuzzle his neck, but we weren't exactly in a position to do that.

Slowly, he pulled back away from me, my leather seat underneath me creaking from the shift of our bodies. I gave the head one last swirl of my tongue and a good suck, with the head now softening and conforming to fit the roof of my mouth.

He eased out and pulled away from me, a little shaky, and then he said, "Damn," and let a little of his body weight rest on me.

I kissed his cheek and said, "You're welcome."

One of his hands snaked down under my skirt and deftly made its way under the tight waistband of my tights. His fingers nudged down, parting my slick lips, feeling around.

I gasped and shuddered, nearly cl**axing on the spot

"Damn," he said. "This is a really nice pu**y."

Breathlessly, I said, "Thanks."

"I'm gonna take it home," he said.

"Oh, yes."

"And I'm gonna make you come, over and over again." He fingered me, thrusting with two firm fingers, making me quiver.

"Oh, yes."

"Unless you want me to do that right now."

We were so tight on space, cramped together in one seat, but I wanted him, and I didn't care. His fingers felt good, so good, but I wanted his cock. I was so close to coming, but I started to think about us being in the parking lot, and people seeing us. I could wait, I decided.

Just one more minute.

He twirled one finger around my clit, then fingered me in my wet slit, but the angle wasn't quite right. I moved my hips, thrusting against his gentle pressure, but I was partly pinned by his weight. Being so close but not there was maddening.

I grabbed his face with my hands, kissed him fiercely, and said, "Get your hand out of my panties and take me to your house."

He slowly withdrew his finger and dragged it up and out, across my aching clit.

"Anything you want," he said.

We both glanced down at his cock, which was already hard again and ready to go.

Again, I cursed my cable-knit tights. If I didn't have them on, we'd be f**king by now.

But it would be fine. We'd go to his house, take our time, and do it right.

I reached down and pulled his shorts up, tucking his stiffening member back away. "We'll save that for later," I said.

"Anything you want," he repeated.

He awkwardly scrambled to get his trousers done up again, then opened the vehicle's door. The air outside was surprisingly chilly compared to the heat we'd generated inside. Our windows were foggy.

He kissed me on the lips tenderly, then closed the door and walked around to his side.

I moved my seat upright again and turned my head to watch him as he walked up to his door. He had the biggest smile on his face.

Part 2: His Place

Trevor's place was way out in the 'burbs and I teased him about being a country boy.

When we pulled up to his place, I understood why he didn't live in the cramped city where my parents did.

He didn't have a straight-in driveway, but one of those crescent-shaped paths that circled around lush landscaping, all lit by gold-hued lanterns. Some lights in the house flickered on as we parked.

"Is someone home?" I asked.

"It's on a sensor," he said.

"Your house is computerized?"

He turned and gave me a look that said he was proud of his house. "I get to try things out for the real estate development business, and they're a tax write-off, but ... I'd do these things even if it weren't something that made me money." The truck was stopped, parked, and he turned off the ignition and reached for his door handle. "Life is for enjoying."

He stepped out and I unbuckled my seat belt and waited for him to appear at my side, my loins tickling with the thought of touching him some more, of slipping my hands under his shirt and feeling all that great chest hair and those muscles.

He opened the door and scooped me up roughly, which made me squeal with excitement. He didn't set me down, but kicked the truck door shut with one big foot and carried me all the way into the house.

Inside, I tried to look around at the place for more clues about Trevor, but as I gazed up at the chandelier in the foyer, he kissed my neck as his hands roamed around my body.

His touch was incredible, and I wanted him all over me.

He clutched me and nibbled on my ear as his fingertips traced up and down the curve of my back. His touch was so manly, so heavenly. His voice low and sexy, thick with desire, he said, "Do you want something to drink? I have beer, wine, I even have some of those fruity things girls like. Ciders."

"Maybe later." I reached behind me to the button on my pencil skirt, unfastened it and the zipper, and shimmied out of my skirt. Right there in his brightly-lit foyer.

He leaned back and took an appreciative look. I was in my tights now, and I was feeling cute, but a bit ridiculous. I kicked off my ballet flats.

Trevor stepped back and kicked off his shoes. He slipped off his leather jacket and let it fall to the tile floor, then clicked something on a panel on the wall.

The light shifted, from bright to dim, and soft music began to play.

"Come here," he said, patting his hips. "Come jump on me."

I ran toward him and jumped up. He caught me easily, and I wrapped my legs around him, feeling the welcoming hard bulge of his crotch, so near, and separated by only a few thin layers of clothing.

He ran his hands up and down my thighs, squeezing my ass and thrusting his pelvis against mine. I moaned and fluttered my eyes as our centers made contact.

I said, "Bedroom?"

He turned me around and set me on a table next to a lamp. He ground into me as he undid his belt.

"Can't wait," he said.

I stopped his hands and said, "Bedroom. Please tell me you have an enormous bed."

"King size."

With one arm still around his neck, I reached the other hand down and stroked his erection. "King size."

He kissed me and easily hoisted me off the side table, the lamp wobbling from the movement but not falling.

He carried me, wrapped around him, up the stairs and down a hall, into the master bedroom.

The bed wasn't made, and there were clothes on the floor. The closet door was open, but other than that, the room was a dream, like a great hotel suite, with plenty of space and an enormous poster-frame bed.

He threw me down on the bed and followed, on hands and knees above me.

I unbuttoned his shirt and ran my fingers through the soft hair on his chest. I tweaked one nipple and found it was tight and hard. I stroked down his stomach, which was not skinny, but just right.

A thought popped into my head and I went with it. "Growl for me," I said.

"Rowrrrr."

"Louder."

"Grrrrr."

He grabbed the waistband of my tights and yanked them down. My panties went with them, exposing my pu**y suddenly.

"Grrrrr," he said, and he bent my legs up. From my knees down, I was still caught up in the tights, bound, but he folded my legs over my head and was already in me with one finger, and licking away at my pu**y, his tongue driving hard between the folds to lick my special nub.

I would normally have been self-conscious in this position, exposing everything from my cl*t to my bum, yet the pleasure and excitement overrode those feelings in a rush of lust.

He was eating away at me, licking and massaging, and I was a whimpering puddle of desire, holding onto my knees and letting them part as much as they could so he could get at me better. I wanted him to touch me everywhere, but mainly right where he was, between my legs.

The feeling of orgasm started to build, with heat.

He growled again, into my pu**y, still devouring me. He slid two fingers in and out, probing and thrusting.

My walls clutched at him and I thrust at him, desperately. I moaned, closed my eyes, and let it happen.

The pleasure washed over me like the wave of an ocean, and I relaxed, utterly, and succumbed to it.

As my walls shuddered in ecstasy around his fingers, he slowed, licked a little more, then said, "Damn."

After I let out a great sigh, he let go of my legs. They were weak and floppy, and I knew I had a giddy look on my face, but I didn't care.

He yanked away at my tights, finally pulling them all the way off.

Then he lay with his body between my legs and he helped me get off my shirt and my bra.

"You have amazing tits," he said.

He shifted his body up and eagerly fondled and caressed my br**sts, nibbling and sucking on each nipple. The pressure of him sucking on them sent a flash of heat through me, and I was ready to go, wanting his c**k inside me more than ever before.

Now I was na**d and he was not.

As he kissed my br**sts, tonguing my ni**les with electric sensation, I helped him get his shirt off.

Then we moved on to his pants. Even though his c**k had already been revealed once, I wanted to give myself a second exciting reveal, with more light than the dashboard of his truck this time.

We switched spots, so that he was on his back on his rumpled sheets, which were white, and smelled just a little of him, in a nice way.

With his pants off, I removed his socks, one at a time, since a na**d man with no socks is always better. His feet were big, and nicely shaped, with good-looking toes and trimmed nails. He must have had a shower before the date, as his feet smelled great. As I knelt over him, I got a funny idea (again), and I went for it, sticking his big toe right in my mouth. He jolted a little with surprise, then he let out a moan of pure pleasure.

I sucked and licked at his toe as though it was his erection, albeit not as large. He squirmed and moaned. "You're killing me, Naomi," he said. "That is wicked sexy. Damn!" I massaged his foot lightly as I sucked some more, until he said, "Damn!" again.

Making him want me and keeping him waiting was fanning my desire some more, and my hot little ladycave was wet and wild.

I let his toe out of my mouth and slowly crawled back up the length of him. He was so gorgeous, lying there on his rumpled white sheets, in his bedroom with the soft, gold, computer-controlled lighting. The music was still playing, but not loud enough to be distracting.

I straddled one of his big, muscular thighs, and softly rode it for a moment, undulating my torso and showing off my tits for him.

He gobbled me up with his eyes, and finally, I grabbed for the waistband of his shorts, pulled them away from his stiffness, and eased them down.

I leaned forward and licked the head, not putting him my mouth, but teasing all around the ridge of the head with my tongue.

He growled again, like a bear this time, and I rewarded him by putting the head in my mouth and giving it a little suck. He growled, and I took him deeper. He kept growling like an animal, that rumbling voice sending erotic thrills through my body, and I sucked him as though time had stopped and there was nothing else in the world but me and that magnificent cock.

Finally, when I could wait no longer, I climbed up on top of him and pressed the tip of him to my opening.

As he held my thighs and tried to thrust into me, I put a hand on his chest and said, "Careful."

"Oh."

"I'm really wet and ready for you, but you're so big."

"You're just saying that," he said.

I eased down, taking in a couple inches of cock. He was so long that the thickness of him was a surprise, as he was so well-proportioned.

I went a little further, my vag expanding to take him in.

"Come here," he said, patting his chest.

I moved forward on him and lay on his chest, letting him support the weight of my upper body.

He rocked his h*ps under me, pushing a little, but not much, and easing back out again. It felt good. So, so, so good. My whole area, from my cl*t to my butt was tingling, alive, and my pu**y was so full and wonderfully stretched.

I was nice and wet, so slippery, and I began rocking my h*ps in rhythm with his. He pushed against me, pressing deeper, but with the position I was in, I could ease back up on his chest if it got to be too much.

He gently plunged in and out of me, and I moved without thinking.

Pulsing.

Riding.

Rocking.

Like a boat on the ocean.

My orgasm burst out like an opening flower, like a rose, and I felt divinely beautiful in my ecstasy. His hands were all over me, on my ass, on my back, in my hair, on my tits. Such big hands. His touch felt like more than one person, so encompassing.

As I rocked, riding my orgasm to its peak, his breathing changed and his muscles clenched under me, like he was holding back.

I pressed both hands onto his chest so I could hold myself and he could drive into me, a little further. I took more of him inside me, as much as I dared.

He gasped and plunged, his c**k impossibly firm inside me, and then it got steamy. His hot seed flowed into me, pumping, and setting off a second wave of my orgasm as he splashed inside me and my eager cervix swooped down automatically, as nature intended, kissing the top of his penis inside me, dipping and dipping against the fluid, and as he flooded me with his warmth and his passion, I shuddered and ground down against his hips, locking him inside me.

We were both panting.

I relaxed my arms and fell down onto his broad chest, glistening with sweat.

My own side also glistened in the soft light, and I was as sweaty as he was.

He started to say something, and I held my finger to his lips to stop him.

"Let me guess," I said. "Damn?"

He laughed, and his softening c**k slipped out a little, reminding me of its presence.

"Am I that predictable?"

"In a good way," I said. "I liked hearing you say that."

After a moment, lying like this, his penis started to get hard again, and he nudged it into me, sliding in easily on his own fluid.

I pulled away from him, slipped off, and rolled onto my side. "I need some recovery time!" I said.

He glanced at the LED clock next to the bed and frowned. "How long?"

I shrugged.

"Oh!" he said, sitting up. "If you thought the computerized lights were cool, you should see the bathroom."

"Lead the way," I said.

Part 3: Hoping for a Second Date

The rest of the night, my first date with Trevor, was a little more mellow, but still amazing.

I thought we'd have sex again after a shower, but we ended up in his custom tub with jets. The thing was almost the size of a hot tub, but shaped perfectly for two people.

We relaxed in the water with some bubbles. We faced each other, each with our torsos resting in a groove, and I rubbed his feet while he massaged mine.

He said, "Mm, mutual."

"Mutual is good," I said.

"This is the life," he said, and I don't remember much else, because I actually fell asleep, right there in the warm, bubbly tub.

I'd only had a couple glasses of wine at the restaurant, but that, combined with all the sex, and then the hot bath, put me out like a little lamb.

He woke me up and got me toweled off and tucked into bed.

His bed.

With Trevor.

He spooned me, but his c**k was getting hard from touching my bum, so I made him roll over the other way. I lay on my side facing his back and spooned him, my arm around his chest, stroking the fur than ran down his midline.

"My teddy bear," I said.

"I'm a big, bad bear."

"No, you're a teddy," I said, and then I crashed.

* * *

In the morning, I was eager to have sex again.

There was nobody in the bed with me.

I walked na**d into the palatial bathroom, expecting to find him in the shower, but he wasn't there.

I had a quick shower, toweled off, and then laughed at the fact that I had a shirt and underwear in the bedroom, but no skirt. I put on what I could and ventured out looking for him, the towel wrapped around my waist.

I found Trevor in his huge, all-white kitchen, talking on the phone and pacing, a grim look on his face. He was mostly listening or giving one-word answers. I was dying to know what the call was about, but I gave him his privacy and went looking for my skirt, which was where I'd left it, by the front door. I finished dressing, ran up to the bedroom to hang up the towel, and by the time I came back down, Trevor had his shoes on and was pulling on his leather jacket.

I asked, "Is everything okay?"

"No, but everything is normal. Same shit, different day."

"Was that your ... ex-wife?"

He grimaced. "Come on. I gotta get you home or your mother will think I'm not a gentleman."

I rolled my eyes. "It's morning. I think it's a bit late for that."

He gave me a forced smile. "You had too much wine and crashed on my sofa. We'll say that."

"Sure."

* * *

The whole ride back to my house, I didn't ask why he was rushing me out, and he didn't offer any explanation.

We made small talk about the autumn leaves while my heart broke.

I held my hands in fists, upset with myself.

Why did I always pick emotionally unavailable men? First it was g*y dudes who didn't quite know they were g*y, and now ... my sister's co-worker. A guy with an ex-wife and god knows how many other problems I had no clue about, because I'd practically blown him upon meeting him. If I worked out the time, it probably was less than two hours from us being introduced to me actually blowing him, in his truck.

I looked around the vehicle, feeling embarrassed and ashamed of what I'd done the night before, in that seat, under the cover of darkness.

When he pulled up in front of my house, I opened the door and jumped down, not waiting for assistance from Trevor.

By this point, I was stewing in my own anger, more pissed at myself for being a dumb girl than at him. He was a guy, ruled by his cock, and I'd made myself way too easy for him.

As I was jingling my keys, trying to get the stupid front door open, he caught my elbow and said, "You seem quiet today."

I turned and snapped at him, "Maybe I am quiet. Maybe it's just how I am."

"Did I do something wrong?" His eyebrows knit together in concern.

Really? No, really? Did I have to explain to him that rushing a girl out the house in the morning after sex without so much as a coffee is poor form? Maybe he was utterly clueless and that explained why he was getting divorced.

Instead of telling him all these things, I kept them to myself and said, "Don't mind me, I'm a grumpy bear before I get my coffee."

He blinked. "Oh."

And that was it. He wasn't picking up on the clue train at all.

He stretched his arms out and said, "Do we hug or something?"

I said, "How the f**k should I know!" I didn't wait for a response, just went into my house and shut the door behind me.

Inside my house, I stood there by the door, feeling stupid. I locked it. I stayed there, where I could see the shape of Trevor through the glass panels.

Ring the doorbell, I thought. Or knock. Do something.

But he didn't.

He turned and walked away.

* * *

My parents were out, at a flea market or something-their usual Saturday fun on the weekends they didn't travel up to our cabin by the lake.

I angrily paced the house, then went to my room and had a good cry into my pillow.

When I stopped feeling sorry for myself, I called up my sister Nikki and let her have it.

She claimed her cell phone was dying, but promised to come pick me up in half an hour and take me for breakfast.

I yelled into the phone, "It would have been nice if your terrific guy Trevor had made me breakfast!"

Then I felt like an idiot, because she'd already ended the call.

Also, because I was being an idiot. Of course Trevor wasn't a mind reader, and of course he couldn't have known what my expectations were. He probably had some sort of big property development deal that needed his attention, and perhaps he wasn't capable of sleeping nine or ten hours in a row like I am.

I took my idiot self into the bathroom and started a nice, hot, idiot shower, and another cry.

And then, to cap things off, I got wicked cramps and my period started.

I was on the pill, but I hadn't taken my pill the night before, because I'd been at Trevor's house, and I guess my body decided that since I already felt crappy, why not throw some nice uterus-agony on top of everything?

Nikki got there earlier than expected, and when she came into the house to get me, she found me sitting in the shower in the fetal position, sobbing and bleeding, the water pouring down on me.

She just turned off the water, handed me a tampon and a dark towel (my mother bought a second set of dark towels when Nikki and I hit puberty), and went to wait in my bedroom.

* * *

Seeing my puffy face in the mirror only made me want to cry some more, but I put on some makeup, combed out my hair, and got dressed while Nikki used my laptop on my bed.

We agreed that we wouldn't start talking about Trevor until I'd had my coffee.

I'd started drinking coffee at fourteen. It was my parents' idea. Most parents keep their kids away from the stuff, saying it "stunts their growth," but I was such a grumpy, surly bear in the morning. They figured since it worked wonders for them both, it might do the trick for me.

And it did.

* * *

Nikki had set the pot brewing when she walked in the door, and I took my first cup in a thermos. I took it with me into Nikki's car, holding it like a security blanket as we drove to the local greasy spoon all-day breakfast place.

We took a booth inside the restaurant and ordered coffee and breakfast.

Around the time I was desperate for a second refill, Nikki said, "Out with it. What did he do? I'll kill him. Just so you know. He may be my boss, but I will kill him if he did anything to hurt your feelings."

"He's your boss?"

"Duh."

I groaned and banged my head on the table. "Yeah, I don't know why I didn't clue in to that part. Probably because I wasn't listening."

She gave me side-eye. "Were you talking, non-stop? About all your g*y theater boyfriends? Were you flapping your mouth?"

I grimaced and thought about what I'd actually been doing with my mouth.

Nikki, who knows me well enough to read my face like a book, said, "Oh, shit."

I nodded. "Yep."

"What? Did you blow him or f**k him?"

"Uh, both."

She said, "I'm gonna shove my fist up his ass."

The waitress refilling our coffee cups didn't bat an eyelash or spill a drop.

After the waitress walked away, I said, "Please, let's just pretend nothing happened. I'm so ashamed of myself."

Nikki tapped a sugar packet thoughtfully. "Don't be. Don't ever be ashamed of going after what you want." She looked up and gave me the sweetest smile, meant to comfort, but it set me off crying. "We really get the worst period emotions, don't we?"

"We do!" I said between sobs. I'd been a late bloomer like her, puberty-wise, not getting my period until I was nearly sixteen. The cramps were so terrible that I'd gotten put on the pill by seventeen. Nikki was the same way, so she totally understood. Things were manageable after that, but still not great.

Once I calmed down, and we got our pancakes and sides of bacon, she fished all the information out of me, blow by blow, so to speak.

When I was done with my sad tale, she shook her head and said, "Trevor's just like that. He's a real on-the-go-go-go kinda guy."

"Was the phone call for business, then?"

"I don't know ... uh ... I don't think we have anything out of the ordinary going on at work. Our last real estate purchase went through without a hitch, and we're just applying for permits now. Hmm." She twisted her lips from side to side. "It might be ..."

I nodded, feeling a heaviness in my stomach that was more than the pancakes. "His ex-wife."

She nibbled on her strawberry garnish and poked at the half pancake left on her plate. I'd eaten all of mine, because my period gives me intense carbohydrate cravings.

"They don't have kids or anything," she said. "You'd think it would be a clean break, right?"

"God, can you believe we're so old we're dating divorced guys?"

"Life is messy."

I groaned and clutched my abdomen. "At least there's always Midol."

"And I love you."

"Thanks. I feel like being mad at you for setting me up with Trevor, but you didn't do anything wrong. I messed it up all on my own, by making myself too easy."

She gave me an older-sister-wisdom look. "Just because you got na**d with him doesn't mean you're easy. There's more to a woman than that. A smart man knows better."

My voice bright and chirpy, I said, "At least he's not g*y! I think my loser streak of dating bisexual men has been broken."

She nodded, and I wondered if that had been her plan all along.

"Don't rule Trevor out," she said. "He may have gotten freaked. He's a super nice guy. He'll come around." She patted my hand the way she always does when she's totally lying to make me feel better. "I'm sure he'll call."

* * *

Brunch with my sister was Saturday. I spent the rest of the weekend on the couch, watching trash TV and eating breakfast cereal straight from the box.

My mother came in and shook her head at me and my pile of cereal crumbs. She muted the episode of Real Housewives and asked if we should invite Trevor for dinner Sunday.

I didn't tell her he hadn't called, and I'd been one-night-stand-dumped. I said, "I'm taking it slow."

She pursed her lips and gave me a twinkly-eye look. "Is that why you slept over?"

"I slept on his couch," I said. "Too much wine at dinner."

She didn't say anything, but her expression said she was silently agreeing to keep the facade. If Dad asked, she might pass along the fib, and he would likely play along as well. Then again, maybe he'd believe it. Dad probably thinks my sister and I are both virgins. As he should!

On Monday, I took the time to do my hair and makeup really great. As I stared at myself in the mirror, the blue hair I'd had for the last year or so didn't seem right. Who could take a girl with blue hair seriously? Especially when she's as tiny and young-looking as me.

Maybe that was why Trevor didn't like me. If he was meeting corporate clients for business-social events, would he want a young girl with bright blue hair on his arm? How would that look?

I called in to work and let them know I needed a half-day for personal business. My work is really flexible, and I'd put in a lot of overtime the previous month, so it was no problem.

I phoned my hairdresser, who agreed to squeeze me in.

* * *

I walked into work with a smile on my face and my head held high. It helped that my cramps were gone and Aunt Flo was somewhat past the worst of it. Also, I looked stunning. My hairdresser had worked for hours to strip the blue from my hair, as well as the black chunks, and we'd settled on an array of natural-looking colors, from an autumn brown to some lighter, golden streaks. Some length had been sacrificed, because it was so damaged, but I was sporting a chin-length bob that looked like a million bucks.

When I walked into the office, everyone hooted and blew me kisses. They're a crazy bunch, but they're good people. After receiving their many compliments, I sat at my desk and declared war on my workload, war on my problems.

I work in the theater.

Okay, that sounded dramatic.

I work in the head office of a theater company, and if you want to think it's glamorous, please do. We won't discuss how I actually work in Accounts Receivable and do collection calls for about an hour a day. My job is to be sweet and lovable within the office, chipper and efficient with filing and making spreadsheets and reports for my boss, then I get on the telephone to people who owe us money and I act like (please pardon the vulgar expression) a cunt.

I phone people up and say, "You promised the check would be on my desk Monday, and today's Monday, and I don't see the check. Is it invisible? Is it microscopic? Oh, you forgot. Well, that's no problem. I'll send over a courier right now. Yes, I've just put in the order with our bike messenger service and he'll be over to your office in ... oh, about an hour. I hope you won't keep the bike messenger waiting, or he'll ask to use your bathroom, and you know those guys sprinkle all over the seat. What's that? The check's ready now? Wonderful! Thank you so much. Please call if I can be of further assistance to you."

I'd just finished up a phone call with some people who owed us about two hundred dollars. Those people really annoyed me, because I had to spend at least two hours tracking them down for a measly two hundred bucks, which is a lot to an individual, but not very significant to a big company like ours. The waste was what annoyed me-that I had to spend my time chasing people down and spending my hours to get what we should have been paid for, on time.

I was all worked up.

I was high and mighty.

Feeling powerful, I punched in the number for my sister's office, and when the receptionist picked up, I said, "Naomi calling for Trevor MacIntyre."

"Is he expecting your call?"

"Yes," I said, without hesitating. (Answering yes to that question was a reflex by now.)

He said, "Trevor here." He sounded so gruff, so business-like, that I lost all my cool and hung up.

Yup, I hung up.

Then I stared at my phone and said, "Oh shit, oh shit."

It started to ring. "Shit!" I jumped up from my desk.

One of my coworkers, Chad, walked by and said, "Loving the new hair, Naomi. Is there something wrong with your phone?"

"Chad, do you f**k on the first date?"

He shrugged and said, "If both parties are willing, then HELL yes."

"And do you go on a lot of second dates?"

He looked up at the ceiling thoughtfully, then he just walked away without answering.

I picked up the phone. "Hello?"

"It's you," he said.

"Hi Trevor. So nice of you to call."

There was a pause, and then he let out a low chuckle. "I guess it was about time I called, wasn't it?"

"Mm hmm." I used one of my collection call tactics, which was to not say much. This worked well for a first collection call, especially if the other person had a guilty conscience. The less you say, the more likely they're going to confess all.

"That movie's still playing," he said. "I really wanted to see it."

"We could go Friday."

Another pause.

He voice rose a little, sounding constricted, and he said, "I guess I could swing by your house and pick you up half past seven? There's an eight o'clock showing."

No dinner. Hmm. I didn't say anything.

"Naomi?"

"Sure. Friday. Half past seven."

"Listen, Naomi, I ... uh ..."

"I'm at work," I said. My coworker Chad had returned to my desk with a coffee for me. Loud and business-like, I said into the phone, "Well, I should let you go. Thanks for that. Talk to you soon," and I hung up.

Chad raised one eyebrow. "Second date?"

I accepted the coffee and invited Chad all the way into my cubicle. In a hushed voice, I told him everything that had happened between me and Trevor. Chad was g*y, but he was a man, so I hoped he'd have some insight.

When I finished, he said, "Tell me more about his hairiness. Like, when he had his pants off, did it look like he was still wearing pants? Furry pants?"

I smacked Chad on the elbow. "No!" He grinned at me. I said, "Okay, maybe a little."

"You're a bear lover."

"He was very cuddly."

"Do you like him?"

"I hardly know him. But ... yeah. I like him. He's an adult, you know?"

"Ooh, he's a Daddy."

I pushed Chad back. He was squatting, to be eye-level with me on my chair, and he tipped back onto his butt, laughing uproariously.

"Don't be lewd!" I said, laughing. "He's not a Daddy or a bear, he's just a person. Don't sexualize and objectify him like that."

He got up and dusted himself off. "Whatever he is, take lots of mental pictures on your second-" he made air quotes "-date!"

"And tell you all about it? Like tell you about his enormous ... shoes?"

Chad got all serious and said, "Maybe I should call someone I know for a second date."

Despite having my doubts about how Trevor was feeling, I got caught up in Chad's effervescence and said, "I'm seeing him Friday. You could line up a date as well, and on Monday we'll take an extra-long coffee break to discuss."

Chad seemed to ponder this. He already had his phone out as he walked away from my desk.

I turned back to my pile of paperwork and my full email inbox and tried to remember why I was there. I had work to do, but all I wanted to do was re-play my date with Trevor and imagine the possibilities of our next one.

When he'd climbed in over me, inside his truck, I never knew I could feel so aroused. Yeah, I get horny from time to time, but I'd never dated someone who turned me on like Trevor. I'd never been with someone so manly. And it wasn't just the body hair or his large stature or deep voice, but he just exuded this sense of ... strength. I'm strong too (for my size), and willful, but his strength came with a different energy. He really was like a bear, wasn't he?

For the first time, I totally understood why some g*y guys like bears. Bears are big, and there's lots to hang onto and climb on, and they're just so ...

I had to stop thinking about it.

My labia were all swollen with excitement and sweating with feminine moisture. Everything was slippery, and I couldn't take my mind off Trevor, nude, in the tub and in his bed and even in his vehicle. Oh, that big, yummy c**k of his. I wanted to lick it, put it in my vag, then lick it some more. I wanted to put a collar on it (I saw one on a leash in an art photo a while back and it's stuck in my brain) and keep it as a pet.

* * *

Friday rolled around. Aunt Flo was gone, and I was so nervous about seeing Trevor that I barely slept Thursday night.

I took two hours to get ready, shaving, tweezing, buffing-the whole deal. I gave myself a manicure and a pedicure. I powdered everything and wore new underwear, bought special for the date.

Summer had definitely ended, and it was sweater season, but I wanted to show some skin. I settled for some cords and a lacy tank top with a built-in bra and slender straps, underneath a light-weight cardigan.

Dad, who was drinking an after-dinner coffee at the counter in the kitchen, whistled appreciatively for me, and my mother paced around the sink and stove area, twisting her hands and fidgeting with a tea towel.

I told her, "Stop planning the wedding. I know you like Trevor, but this is just our second date."

"Spring weddings are nice," she said. "You beat the rush. People are so busy in the summer."

I got a glass and had some water, trying to act casual, but feeling like a nervous mess inside. I wished I had the confidence my mother did, that this guy was the one and I was simply reeling him in. I was in no way ready to get married, but Trevor was clearly not afraid of commitment, having already been married. Then again, maybe he'd be more scared off of such things, with the divorce and all. Doubt crept in and made me sweat.

"Shouldn't you guys be heading to the lake?" I asked.

Dad looked at me over his coffee. "Reckon we'll leave in about half an hour."

"Don't leave it too late. You get tired on the drive." I took another sip of my water.

Mom glanced at Dad, then me. "Why so eager to get rid of us? You planning to entertain Trevor in your bedroom? That bed's only a double."

I damn near spit out my water. "Mom!"

She shook her head and rolled her eyes. "He's such a tall man," she said. "How tall is he?"

The doorbell rang.

I said, "Why don't you ask him yourself?"

She dropped the tea towel from her hands and ran for the door, getting there well ahead of me.

When I got to the door, she was feeling one of his biceps.

"Mother!"

She ducked her head and ran past me into the house.

"I'm sorry," I said to Trevor. "My sister and I didn't date at all in high school, so technically you're the first guy to come pick up one of her daughters for a date."

"She seems enthusiastic," he said, grinning. He must have shaved recently, because his beard was gone. I was surprised by how attractive his bare jaw was, with just the smallest cleft in his chin.

"Your beard is gone," I said, waiting for him to respond with a comment about my hair. It had been blue and black and long before, and now it was short, and spicy shades of brown.

He rubbed his chin and said, "I wasn't intending to have a beard before. I just stopped shaving one day, and a beard happened."

"I guess you got back on the shaving bandwagon."

He looked past me, over my shoulder. "What does your mother do for a career?"

"She's an elementary school teacher. With the little ones."

"Ah," he said, as though that explained everything, and then, "Hello, sir!"

My father was there, shaking his hand. I introduced them and stood patiently as my father asked him questions he already knew the answers to. My father noticed the truck and the two of them had a ten-minute conversation about gas mileage, which was odd, but not bad.

I stopped my father just short of taking poor Trevor out to our garage, saying, "You guys should get going to the lake, and we have a movie to make."

They shook hands again, and my mother came out to wave goodbye.

"So embarrassing," I muttered on the way to the truck.

Trevor opened the door for me, and I climbed in using the running board to step up easily. Something struck me as different, and I figured it out in the space of time it took for Trevor to walk around to his side.

"Did you install that step?" I asked him when he got in. "That step wasn't there last week, was it?"

"It was on my to-do list and I finally got around to it."

He seemed cool toward me, and I wanted to ask him about a million questions, from why did he rush me out last Saturday to why didn't he phone me, but I took another tactic and waited for him to make the first move.

We made small talk about the chilly autumn weather, and then, at the movie theater, we talked about movies and the terrible amount of fat that's in theater popcorn but how we crave it anyway, and then we had a long discussion about where was the prime spot to sit in a movie theater. I've always picked a seat as close to the middle as possible. Trevor said he liked to be near the middle, but along the aisle, so he could stand and get out of the way if someone needed to get past him.

We were seated at this point, with him on the end seat by the aisle, and I had to laugh that his knees were practically touching the seat ahead of him. I stood and pretended to trip over his legs, joking that I'd fall into his lap.

When I sat back down next to him, he leaned over and kissed me on the cheek and then on the mouth. We kissed for a moment, until I got self-conscious about all the people filing in around us and pulled back.

Just like that, he'd ignited my fire.

I wanted to do more than kiss him.

The movie started, and it was way too long. I couldn't wait to get Trevor out of there. Part of me wanted to stick my hand down his pants in the middle of the dark theater, but the sensible part of me told me to stay calm, play it cool, and don't be so easy.

When the movie finally ended, and the lights came back up, he turned to me and said, "Naomi. Something's different. Why'd you change your hair?"

I countered with, "What did you think of the movie?"

The showing hadn't been very crowded, and the people in our row went out the other way, so he didn't have to stand to let anyone out.

Sitting there, he repeated, smiling, "Why'd you change your hair?"

I blew air out of my lips. "Because I thought you'd like it better this way."

He raised his eyebrows. "You're not mad that I didn't notice when I came to pick you up? I mean, I saw that you looked really pretty, and you smelled so good, but I couldn't figure out what was different until that girl in the movie got her hair cut."

"I thought you were a details-oriented kinda guy."

"I am. But I guess I'm blind about certain things."

"Apparently."

People were still filing out of the theater, while the credits rolled on the screen. I wanted to ask Trevor if he actually liked me or if he'd just taken me out a second time to keep my sister from killing him, but I didn't want to hear the answer if it were the latter.

He said, "How'd you like the movie?"

"It was good," I lied, my voice pitching up from the fib.

He laughed. "I know. So bad. But the trailer looked so good."

"The trailer is not the movie."

"No, it isn't. But it gets you excited, about what could be."

I considered the differences between a trailer and a movie, a date and a relationship. "You have to trust your gut," I said.

"Don't you mean your heart?"

At the mention of heart, mine started to beat faster. Maybe it was the intense look Trevor was giving me. "If you trust your heart."

He broke away from my gaze and wiped some stray popcorn off his lap. "That word, trust. I don't know."

"What don't you know?"

He got up and brushed away the rest of his popcorn, then reached a hand down for mine. "Should we get a drink or something?"

"Sure."

* * *

Back in his truck again, we drove around looking for somewhere to have a drink. The clubs I'd normally go to with friends were too loud, and the idea of going to a fancy hotel lobby in my casual clothes wasn't appealing.

"My parents have gone to the lake for the weekend," I said.

"Right. Your dad was saying that."

"We can have a drink at my place."

He glanced over at me, his face lit by the dashboard lights. "Your parents won't mind?"

"I won't tell them." I gave him my flirty smile.

"Your hair looks damn good."

At the mention of the word damn, my pulse began to race. I remembered him saying damn as I'd sucked on him, and damn when we'd had sex. That word was really ringing my bell.

I'd enjoyed kissing him and having him kiss me all over my body with the beard, but now that he was clean-shaven, I was dying to feel his skin on mine.

I stared at him as he drove. He was a good driver. He glanced over at me with his orange-brown eyes, still bright even in the dim vehicle interior. We were going to my house. I thought about him holding me in his strong arms, and I didn't care that I didn't know where we stood with each other, I just melted.

* * *

He wanted scotch.

Of course.

Luckily, my father is also a man's man, and we had a good bottle of the stuff, or so I'd been told.

I poured a little for each of us, into tumblers, and we sat in the TV room, where less than a week earlier I'd inhabited the same couch and bawled my eyes out that this date wouldn't happen. And yet, there we were. Life is funny that way.

I said, "Has Nikki been giving you a hard time at the office?"

He sipped the amber liquid. "I don't think so. She's a hard worker, and very responsible."

"I mean about me." I nudged his thigh with my knee and moved in closer. I wasn't going to sleep with him, not again, but we could kiss. Kissing would be nice.

"Oh, that. Yes, she did. She reamed me a new ass**le that I didn't call you before you called me."

I stared into my drink, unsure if I wanted to know the answer, but I asked anyway, because life is short and it's better when you speak your heart. "And why didn't you call me?"

He shifted his position on the couch next to me. "I don't know."

"Why did you rush me out of your place the morning after?"

"I don't ..." He leaned forward and put his face in his hands briefly. "Damn, can't we get to this after a few drinks?" He sat up and turned to me, his warm brown eyes sad-looking.

I said, "Did I do something to upset you?"

He shook his head, no.

I thought back to what he'd said about movie trailers not being like movies. "Am I your first date since your divorce?"

"Yes."

I squeezed his leg. "I don't bite. You can talk to me."

He took an audible, deep breath. "Talk. Right. I remember that one from my wife. Talk, talk, talk. Talk about your feelings." He turned and gave me the sweetest look. "I'm great at talking when it comes to business, but not with relationships."

"Who says? Your ex?"

He nodded.

"I saw her photo on your phone. I didn't say anything at the time, but would you say she looks ... just a little ... like me?"

I braced myself for the worst.

He faced me, pain flickering across his face. "A little. But I'm getting to see you now. When I look at you, I see Naomi." He stroked me on the cheek.

"Do you like being here with me?"

He took another sip of his scotch, then set it on the coffee table.

"I do. I really like it."

"So, let me get this straight. It's the talking that makes you nervous, but not the other stuff."

He chuckled. "The other stuff is great. I mean, damn. It's great. And I do like talking to you. You're a good listener, and you're interesting, and you have such a pretty laugh, and ... am I boring you?"

"No, but I'm wondering if you're ever going to kiss me."

He took the glass of scotch from my hand, set it next to his on the coffee table and leaned in to kiss me on the lips, softly. As I kissed him back, he reached his arms around me, and in a flash, he had me picked up and was standing.

I wrapped my legs and arms around him, holding on tight.

He carried me back out of the TV room and down the hall, to my bedroom. I'd given him a quick tour when we'd entered the house, so he knew where it was.

He lay me down on my bed and stretched out alongside me, and we kissed, entwining our hands in each other's hair, for ages and ages. My desire for him grew stronger, but it was a comfort, the pang in my loins. Reassuring.

Finally, when we could wait no longer, we slowly undressed each other. I'd sworn I wouldn't sleep with him, but I couldn't remember why, so I forgot all about that resolution. He checked that I was on birth control and apologized for not asking sooner. I kissed him to remind him we need not be talking.

With our clothes off, he ran his hands over my hot skin, and he kissed every inch of me.

I returned the favor, and when I had his shaft in my hand, he guided my lower body and turned me completely around, so I was facing his knees, straddling his chest. I felt exposed and self-conscious, but not for long.

The head of his c**k tasted just as good as I remembered, and I licked it and sucked it, enjoying every second. Behind me, he adjusted the pillows on my bed, propping up his head. He put his hands on my h*ps and nudged me down. He used his elbows to coax out my knees, spreading my legs and lowering me to him, and then I felt his tongue stroke up my center line, my part, my folds, and my opening. He tongued the firm nub of my clit, and at the same time, I ran the tip of my tongue around his cock.

His hands pressed harder on my hips, drawing me down to him.

With me being so much shorter than him, we fit perfectly together for this position. Having dated shorter guys most of my life, I had no idea.

No idea.

With his c**k in my mouth and his mouth on my pu**y, we were joined, a perfect circuit, giving and receiving.

We rocked together, him pulsing me up and down on his mouth and chin, the movement in rhythm with my stroking and sucking.

When I started to come, I moaned, the vibrations of my voice going into his erection in my mouth. As the waves of pleasure shot through me, I showed him how good it felt by pumping harder with one hand and lavishing his head with attention.

Soon, he started to come, and I looked down at the beauty of his lower body tensing, his long legs stretching straight and his toes pointing, his whole body arching like a bow under me, and then he released. I ran my fingers through the silky curls around his sac and held on.

We were one.

When his body relaxed again, I turned around and lay alongside him, his arm under my face.

After a few minutes of silence, I said, "Are you already asleep?"

"No way. How can anyone sleep with their legs sticking three feet off the bed?"

I sat up and tried to problem-solve the situation.

"Put your head here," I said, moving him with my hands so that his head was at the very top of the bed, at the corner. He looked so adorable, this big hairy bear of a man, on my girly pink sheets, but he looked so good, I wanted to gobble him up again. I grabbed onto his legs and hoisted them over so he was lying diagonally on my double-sized bed, and his feet were only hanging over a little. I snuggled up along one side.

"Perfect," he said.

But it wasn't.

The sweat on my body evaporated, and I started to feel chilly, wanting the covers over top of me.

I turned on the lamp next to the bed and sat up. "Who do you see?"

He sat up and rested his back on the headboard. "Just you. Naomi."

"Nobody else? Because I don't see anyone else in this room. It's just us. And you can talk to me, you can tell me anything."

He nodded. "I should have called you."

I tilted my head and gave him a look that said he went wrong before that.

"Oh. And I should have made you breakfast," he said.

"Yes, you should have. Or at least coffee."

He shook his head sheepishly. "I'll never live that down, will I?"

"Nope."

He took my hand and kissed it. "I'm really glad you called me at work on Monday. I mean, you scared the shit out of me, but ... I liked it. I really like you."

"Great. Now get your big bear of a body up so I can get us under the covers."

"I'll fall asleep if I get too comfortable."

I shrugged. "Will your robot house be lonely if you spend the night here?"

He chuckled and climbed off the bed and then back under the covers, his feet still sticking off the end. "The house will be fine."

I clicked off the light and crawled into bed next to him.

After a moment of cuddling, I said, "We should brush our teeth before we go to sleep, but that would mean getting out of bed."

He grabbed me and rolled me on top of him. He kissed me as he nudged me lower, his erection splitting my legs apart, burrowing toward me.

"Not yet," he said. "You're not falling asleep on me yet, little miss fall-asleep-in-the-tub."

I giggled and covered his freshly-shaved cheeks and jaw with kisses, squirming against his hairy chest, running my fingers through the thicker curls on the center line of his abdomen.

* * *

We stayed up late that night, and true to his promise, he didn't let me fall asleep so easy.

Between sessions, we talked a little more, though I kept it light. I didn't want to push him too hard. Though I'd had my share of upsets and heartbreaks over relationships, I sensed that Trevor's hurt ran quite deep.

He'd been married, after all, had promised to love someone until death, and from what I gathered, his wife was alive and well and shacked up with some other guy. I couldn't imagine how Trevor felt, but I was willing to listen, and to learn.

Most importantly, I was ready to love him.

If he would let me, I would love him with all my heart.

In time, of course.

In the short term, I just wanted to cuddle that teddy bear of a man and have sex with him, non-stop.

