Part 1: Montreal

Of all the exotic places a billionaire could take a girl to impress her, Smith Wittingham chose Canada. The helicopter, which was insanely loud but fun, took us from his cabin in Vermont, to a small airport. From there, we took an adorable little private charter plane to Montreal.

I hadn't traveled much, except for one trip to Mexico a year earlier, so everything was exciting and new to me.

We were in the air, on our way to Canada, and I kept giggling and pressing all the buttons for air and reading lights, then messing around with the little television screens.

Smith frowned, his sandy-brown eyebrows meeting under the thick, blond widow's peak of his hair. He said, "Tori, you're so easily amused."

I gazed into his cool blue eyes, feeling embarrassed, but then defiant. "I'm enthusiastic. Get over yourself and enjoy the ride."

"Speaking of ride..." He waggled his eyebrows and nodded to his lap. We were alone in the aircraft's cabin, but it was noisy, brightly lit, and not the sexiest place.

"I'm still feeling nauseous from the helicopter," I said.

"Nauseated," he corrected.

I stuck my tongue out at him and he leaned over and kissed me. He didn't take long to get more frisky, attempting to get his hand down the waistband of my shorts.

"I'm nauseated," I said, pushing him away.

He pulled back, his eyes flashing with anger. "I make you sick?"

"The plane. And the helicopter. Don't take it personally."

He turned away from me, glowering at the tiny screen showing an animated movie.

We didn't talk for a while, and he seemed content to pout and attempt to ingest all the alcohol on board the plane.

As he tossed back something mixed with orange juice, he finally said, "You're a tease."

"So's your mom," I said.

His eyes got big, and I made a mental note-I'd found an insult that actually insulted him. I'd known him for less than a week, and though I'd called him nearly every bad name I could think of for a guy with more money than manners, each epithet seemed to make him stronger. He was like the Incredible Hulk of ass**les.

But I liked him.

He turned off the movie and switched on some music.

Even as he drunkenly sang along to cheesy eighties ballads playing over the airplane's speakers, I couldn't help but smile at how cute he was. They say wealth and power makes men more attractive, but Smith would have been hot as a wedding singer. He had thick, blond hair that came to a point on his forehead and begged to be ruffled. His nose was strong, with a pointed tip, and his full, kissable lips were always twitching on the verge of some mood shift. The cleft in his chin was the perfect finishing touch, and he'd been shaving every day so I could nuzzle him without getting a rash.

He finished the drink. "Blow job?"

"No, thank you."

He looked like he might smash the glass, but he got up and refilled it instead.

I'd said no because of the pilot, a kindly older gentleman who'd talked my ear off about the plane's specs. The plane was his baby, and I didn't feel right acting like a filthy whore at his place of business. Other places, sure. I'd certainly not been very demure over the previous five days at Smith's Vermont cabin. It was a wonder we were halfway through typing his novel, given all the f**king we'd been doing.

And then there was the fighting.

That morning, I'd discovered he'd emailed my mother before we met, and I found it both creepy and flattering that he'd pursued me based on thinking my mom was interesting. At forty-one, he was much closer to her age than mine.

I put my head in my hands. What was I doing? Someone was bound to get hurt, and in these situations, isn't it always the young girl?

Smith sat on the other side of the plane from me, nodding and humming as the drinking slowed. He seemed to be wearing himself out, winding down for a nap, just like a good baby.

He gave me one lingering, pathetic look, and I groaned as I rolled my eyes. I unfastened my seat belt and crossed the plane to take a seat next to him.

The plane bumped from turbulence, and I grabbed onto the back of a seat for balance. "Was that me? Are you sure we're not going to tip the plane over?"

He chortled. "It's not a boat, Tori."

I took the glass of booze away from him. "Don't spoil your dinner," I said.

"You're a good assistant. I mean typist. Secretary."

My stomach tightened with anxiety. "We talked about this. We're dating now. I won't have you introduce me as a member of your staff and then have you pinching my ass in front of people."

"But it's so entertaining."

"It's not fair to me, though. How would you feel if I treated you like my pet on a leash?"

He gave me a wicked grin.

"First things first," I said. "Introduce me as your friend, if you must, but no more of this secretary business. Not in front of other people."

"You're ssso-see-see-serious when I'm drunk. Why are you so smart? You should write the book, not me. I juss' say the words, but you're the one writing it." He waved his hands around wildly. "I hass-to-tell you somesing-sss-iss impo-po-tant."

"Then say it slowly. You're slurring and stuttering."

He put one hand on my chest, as though trying to transmit the information by touch.

"Sheri isss-you, Tori."

I groaned and pushed his hand away. "Yes, I know that character's based on me. Not your best-kept secret, Smithikins."

"No. No-no-nuuuu-noooo. She is you."

I thanked him for his honestly, then excused myself to go look for anything food-like to help absorb the alcohol in his system. I found some crackers in the cabinet with what was left of the booze, and for the next fifteen minutes of the flight, I fed crackers and water to Mr. Wittingham, the world's wealthiest drunk novelist.

I still didn't know much about him, beyond the fact he'd earned his first billion dollars with some patents and another family business before moving on to writing crime novels. I hadn't been a reader of his work, because I found his Detective Smith Dunham character to be a womanizing, manipulative prick, but my mother was a fan.

Despite being controlling, devious, and stubborn, Smith Wittingham did have his good qualities. For example, he gave me mind-blowing orgasms. His constant desire for me got me so worked up, and as much as he wanted to consume me, I wanted to be consumed by him. In public, I wanted to be treated with respect, but in private, I wanted him to pull my hair, hold me down, and selfishly use my body for his pleasure.

Just thinking about my inexplicable, completely inappropriate lust for him got me turned on. My ni**les hardened, and sitting became uncomfortable, due to the swelling in my pu**y. I glanced around the cabin to make sure the door to the cockpit was still closed, and I unbuttoned my seat belt.

Smith raised his eyebrows, the corners of his mouth quirking up to match.

"I'll be your stewardess today, sir," I said, one hand on my hip as I stood before him. "Would you like coffee, tea, or me?"

"Tea would be nice. Hot tea."

"How about I pleasure you instead, sir?"

"How would you do that?"

I got down on my knees, though my pu**y ached for him more than my mouth, and I unzipped his trousers.

"Orally," I said.

"But I thought you said..." His eyelashes fluttered as I touched his manhood, and he stopped questioning my change of mind.

Compared to the green forests of Vermont, Montreal was a hive of people, all of them skinny, smoking, and talking in French.

We arrived after eight o'clock, and went directly to dinner without stopping at the hotel.

The waiters at the fancy-schmancy restaurant Smith took me to all spoke English, but their accents gave me the giggles. I tried not to smirk when the waiter was talking about the food, but the super-French rolling of the Rs and the whole thing was just so damn cute. Smith picked up on my discomfort and kept asking the poor man question after question.

Once we were alone again, he waggled his eyebrows at me.

"Tori! Haven't you been to Quebec before? You know, there are other people in the world besides Americans."

"Other accents are fine. But French makes me giggle. Too many comedy skits, maybe, with people making fun of French waiters?"

"How about Australians?"

"Ooh, they have a cute accent. Especially the boys."

He wrinkled his nose. "Really? They're always so loud, especially the women."

"There are Australian women? Huh. I never noticed." I flashed him a big grin.

In response to my joke, he got a devious look in his sea-blue eyes. The man would make one sexy merman, with eyes like sapphires when he turned on the charm, making me feel like ice cream melting under a blazing-hot summer sky.

I fidgeted in my fancy chair, crossing and uncrossing my legs. The wine, which probably cost more than my week's wages, was going to my head, bubbling around in there with images of Smith naked, sprawled on his back with that golden trail of stomach hair leading to his golden treasure. Was it possible to become addicted to a person? I kicked off one shoe under the table and trailed my toes up his leg suggestively.

He leaned in on his elbows and whispered, "Would you like me better if I was Australian, like your ex, Todd? I wonder if he still thinks about you when he's making love to his new redhead."

I pulled my foot away in shock.

"What are you talking about? I never told you about Todd."

"His new redhead has larger br**sts. If you ask me, I think small tits are the greatest gift God gave man, but it takes all types to make the world go 'round."

I shook my head. "I suppose this was all part of the research you did before you hired me. Fuck. What else do you know?"

He grinned, those sapphire eyes glinting across the candle-lit table, mocking me. "I know you pucker your lips right before you come. You look like you're kissing an angel."

He puckered his own lips and fluttered his eyelashes to illustrated.

"Yeah? This is what you look like when you come." I grimaced and made a grunting noise.

There was a clattering around us, as people in the dining room set down their utensils and stared in shock at our table.

Smith squirmed in his seat.

"Oh, baby," I said, louder now, and still grimacing. "Oh, redheads! Creamy, milky tits. Oh, oh, I'm coming."

He put his hand over his face and looked down.

I was too pissed-off at him for mentioning my ex to stop, not that I wanted to. He'd made a game of coaxing me into being worked up so we could have angry sex, and now it was time to see how he liked the same treatment.

I slammed my hand on the table. "I'm gonna pull your hair and come on your back now, and you're gonna like it." I wasn't yelling, but the people near us could definitely hear everything. Most of them looked like they could use the entertainment, too.

Smith peeked at me between his fingers and said, "You love it when I pull your hair. You're a wicked girl."

I stood up, the napkin from my lap falling to the floor. "Blam," I said, miming that I was stroking a c**k in my hand. I gritted my teeth and said between clenched molars, "Blam, blam, thank you ma'am." I thrust my hips, banging into the table and shaking all the dishes.

One of the fancy-looking ladies sitting nearby found this hysterical, and she began laughing, braying like a donkey. Her hair looked like a helmet of extensions. Within seconds, the other women around us joined in laughing, much to the consternation of their older husbands.

The French waiter appeared at my side. "Mademoiselle, may I assist you in any fashion?"

I grabbed the bread from the basket at the table.

Smith sat still, not allowing a reaction on his face.

"I'll take my dinner to go," I said, and I walked out with a handful of bread.

I didn't turn back to see Smith Fucking Wittingham sitting alone at the table, because the image in my mind was perfect. That would serve him right for toying with me, using my own private information to throw his superiority in my face.

Outside the restaurant, I got into the town car that was waiting. The driver didn't seem at all surprised to see me so soon, and without Smith. I didn't know the hotel we were staying at, but the driver did, so I had him take me there.

Part 2: The Hotel Le St. James

The penthouse at the Hotel Le St. James rivaled any room I'd ever seen in person. I took the private elevator up to the suite, and stepped out into the pages of Architectural Digest. My heels made a sexy noise on the Italian parquet floors as I walked through the space, soaking in the opulence. To my surprise, the huge windows were doors, and led to a fifteen-hundred-square-foot wrap-around terrace, overlooking the city of Montreal. I stood outside and let the distance-muted sounds of the city float up around me. The air was mid-summer muggy, and not as refreshing as Vermont, but the view more than made up for the fumes.

The sun was setting behind the beautiful city skyline, and the sky shifted to indigo. I went back into the room and considered ordering room service, but raided the refrigerator instead. The place didn't just have a mini-bar, but an actual gourmet kitchen. You could cook a turkey and have ten people over for dinner at the long table, which made me laugh. I wondered how many movie stars had stayed there.

I rooted around the fridge, which had been nicely stocked for us, looking for something to calm my nerves.

I wondered, what would Jennifer Lopez drink when staying at the Hotel Le St. James penthouse?

Champagne. Definitely.

But I was no Jennifer Lopez, so I grabbed a beer, some trail mix, and chips.

I kicked off my shoes, pulled off my bra, and walked back out to the patio. I cracked open my beer, got comfortable in a lounger, and had a picnic by myself.

After half an hour, I felt lonely. I'd checked in with my mother that morning, in Vermont, but she didn't know where I was now. I thought about going out to buy a new cell phone, since Smith Fucking Wittingham had dropped mine in a glass of water, but figured it would be too late.

With nothing better to do, I dove into a glass of vodka, ice, and loneliness.

After an hour, my lips and body were numb, and I started feeling bad about my behavior. Had he stayed behind in the restaurant alone and enjoyed both of the meals we'd ordered? With all those people staring at him?

After two hours, I started to panic, and more vodka didn't help. Had he left me in Montreal?

I deserved it, after causing such a spectacle... even though he totally deserved everything he got for talking about my ex, Todd, and another girl's br**sts.

The worst part was, I hadn't even known for sure until then who Todd was dating. If it really was a redhead, then I knew exactly who it was. My friend Rochelle. The idea caused a fury to rise up inside me, choking my throat with hot rage. Todd was the one I was angry with, not Smith, who was just being Smith.

Where was he?

Was he out soliciting a prostitute, to get back at me? Would he come back to the room and show me the red lipstick around his cock?

All these thoughts tortured me, until the view inside my head was an endless slide-show of men using and dumping me, then marrying the next girl. If only I'd had some sense and refused the first man-fought the pattern-maybe my life wouldn't have turned into one giant clusterfuck. If only I'd lost my virginity to a teenager, maybe I wouldn't be so f**ked in the head.

I leaned over the railing of the patio, trying to see Smith out there, in the darkness and night lights of the city.

The vodka wasn't much comfort after all.

The lights blurred.

People. Cars. People in love. People going about their lives. Everything was happening below, and there I was, alone in my room like a bird in a cage. A beautiful cage.

I couldn't take the city anymore, so I went back into the room and took a shower. I sat on the marble tile, with the warm water pouring down like warm, cleansing rain.

I woke up in the king-sized bed, my skin prickling with the uneasy sensation that I wasn't alone.

"Good morning," he said.

Smith looked relaxed and unflappable, wearing nothing but drawstring pajama bottoms and sitting at the foot of the bed.

I gazed over his broad, muscular chest, and down that golden treasure trail. Damn if I wasn't horny for him, too. After worrying about him all evening, the passion I'd felt for him the previous day in the airplane had only grown by not being properly satisfied. He had a tantalizing lump below his drawstring waist.

"My eyes are up here," he said.

I glanced up at those baby blues that made my heart melt and my pu**y ache.

He held my gaze, even when I tossed aside the covers to reveal my gift. I'd worn a pretty peignoir to bed, hoping he'd join me in bed, feel the lace, then wake me and make furtive love to me... or start without waking me.

"Did you sleep well?" he asked.

"Not bad. And you?"

He shrugged. "Late night."

He didn't mention the scene at the restaurant, and I didn't either, because I'd probably go soft and apologize, and I didn't want to do that. Apologies were overrated. Why tell someone when you can show them?

Wordlessly, I rolled up onto my hands and knees and started crawling like a panther toward him.

"You drank the beer and got into the vodka, but saved the champagne," he said. "Were you thinking of me? How you wanted to share the champagne with me?"

I nodded as I reached him, then nudged his arm with the top of my head. Making a purring noise, I rubbed my head up and down his warm chest. The smell of him was intoxicating. I used my hands like paws, pushing on his chest to try to get him to lie down, but he resisted.

"We can't stay in bed all day," he said.

I purred and threw my leg over his body so I was straddling his lap.

"Is the kitty sorry?" he asked.

I sank my teeth into the flesh of his shoulder.

He cried out in surprise, then said, "I guess the kitty isn't sorry at all. The kitty is a bad kitty. It's in her nature, and she doesn't know any better."

I bit him again, this time on the neck.

He grabbed me around the waist and stood up suddenly, holding me tightly.

I wrapped my legs around his waist and dragged my tongue up the side of his face.

He mused, "Where shall I f**k you?"

I stopped biting and began kissing him tenderly, first on his blond eyebrows, and then moving down to his perfect lips.

He kissed me, his hands reaching down under my butt to support my weight as he walked.

"The patio?" he said, walking me through the penthouse. "No, no, I have a better idea."

I felt myself being set down on a surface. A chair. I let go of him with my arms and legs and looked around.

Smith turned the chair and pushed me in, so I was facing a computer monitor. And a keyboard.

"Perfect," he said, taking a spot behind me and rubbing my bare shoulders.

I broke my silence, saying, "What the f**k? You want me to type? Right now?"

"It is what I pay you for," he said. "You're certainly not much value as a dining companion."

I wanted to grab the keyboard and smash it on the expensive inlaid-wood floor.

"I've already ordered room service," he said. "Nice, hot breakfast will be arriving shortly, but I figured in the meantime, we'd try to squeak out a thousand words or so."

"And then what?"

"Then breakfast, and a few more thousand words?"

"Then what?"

"Shopping," he said. "With all due respect, I think if you upgraded your wardrobe, you might feel more comfortable at fine dining establishments, and you might demonstrate a more refined decorum."

He took my hand and guided it over to the button to push the computer monitor on.

"There's a good girl," he said. "Be a good typist, and I'll be a good boss."

I glowered at the monitor, but I squelched the argument raging within me. I had been hired to type for him, after all, before everything else had started.

"Yes, boss," I said.

He chuckled. "Good girl. Think about the shopping."

The large monitor was already attached to his laptop, and I opened the document for the Smith Dunham detective novel. We'd ended in an interesting place the day before, and damn it if I didn't want to know what would happen next.

It felt like something really huge was going to happen.

We worked on the detective novel for nearly three hours, briefly stopping to eat breakfast and make more tea in the luxury suite's full kitchen. Since I wasn't getting any mileage out of my sexy nightie, I changed into some more comfortable shorts and a T-shirt.

I typed so many words, the pinkie finger on my left hand actually got sore.

In the story, Detective Dunham was going undercover to chase down a lead, and his client Sheri was howling with frustration at being ignored.

As Smith ceased dictation and hovered at my shoulder to review, I rubbed my sweating palms on my shorts and said, "Howling?"

"It's from Smith's point of view here, so that's how he sees her irritating, needy behavior." He picked up the used tea cups from around the desk and disappeared to the kitchen.

I followed him. "Needy? Really? Have you ever considered making your detective a little less of a buttplug?"

He put the cups into the dishwasher like someone who'd never used a dishwasher.

"Do you think making my main character more accommodating to a woman's needs will sell more books?" He smirked. "Is there some new level beyond Number One on the NYT Bestseller list? Some platinum level I haven't heard of?"

"Nice." I corrected the arrangement of the haphazardly-placed cups.

"Tori, are we speaking in subtext here? Do you really need me to f**k you that bad?"

"Please. I wouldn't have sex with you right now if you begged."

He licked his lips. "I could make you come in five minutes."

I rolled my eyes. "Nice try with the reverse psychology."

He rubbed his hands over his smoothly-shaved cheeks. "Let's go back to bed and I'll f**k you with my tongue until you're begging for my cock, and even then, I still won't let you have it."

"No, thanks."

He shrugged. "Your loss. But just so you know, that's all I can offer. Tongue, hand, or I can watch while you finger yourself. I've got to keep my sexual energy constrained, to drive me through the middle of the book."

"What?" I looked around for the aliens who had replaced Smith Hornypants Wittingham with a chaste doppelganger.

He took a long stretch, his arms raised high above his head, showing off his sexy bare chest. I'd put on my clothes, to be professional, but he was still wearing the drawstring pants and no shirt. After stretching, he flexed his chest muscles and biceps while admiring himself.

"I am one sexy beast," he commented. "After I take a nap, I'll put a shirt on so you aren't driven mad with desire for what you cannot have."

I grabbed for the strings at the waist of his pants, but he jumped back out of my reach.

"Bad redhead."

With a flirty lilt, I cooed, "Come on, baby, just a quickie. I'll get on top so I won't wear you out."

I thought for sure he was just playing one of his games with me, but instead of taking me up on my offer, he handed me a credit card and told me to go shopping.

"Buy some sexy toys," he said. "I'll watch you use them on your naughty ginger kittycat."

My voice as flat as my mood, I said, "That's romantic."

He grinned. "Get something pretty to wear to dinner tonight, and we'll try again." He winced. "Different restaurant this time. I don't think I can go back to the other one."

"At least I'm not boring."

"Could you try? Could you try to be boring for just one night?"

We were both grinning now. "I don't think I can."

"Don't hold back with the credit card," he said. "I can't spend my fortune all by myself." He stretched again and started walking toward the bedroom. "Have fun. I'll call down and have the driver waiting around front for you. Have him teach you a few phrases in French. All the people in the shops will speak English, but if you make an effort, they'll think you're as cute as I do."

I followed him to the bedroom and watched him crawl into the bed for a post-writing nap. I wanted to crawl in beside him, but he did look tired, and I wondered if he'd even slept the night before.

I pulled the blanket up and tucked him in, which seemed to amuse him as much as it confused him.

"You think I'm cute?" I said.

He got his arms free and pulled me down for a kiss. "Very."

"You're somewhat cute yourself."

"Says the woman holding my platinum credit card. Surprise, surprise."

I straightened up with a jolt, my head spinning from the movement. "I don't like you for your stupid money."

"Would you date a forty-something guy with no job, no house, no prospects? Would a hot, college-educated girl like yourself do such a thing? Just some schlub who works at a sporting goods store?"

"That's preposterous. I'm not even going to dignify that with a response."

He waved one hand at me. "Have fun shopping with my credit card, Tori."

Angrily, I turned and stormed out of the bedroom.

I stopped.

Words and ideas were battling inside my mind. I had a feeling, but didn't know how to put it into words.

I came back into the room and stripped off my clothes. Smith didn't say anything as I got dressed to go shopping.

There was something important I needed to say to him, and I'd say it, but first I was going to do exactly as he'd requested. I'd never been to Montreal before, much less shopping in Montreal, and I was going to have fun and spend Smith's money if it killed me.

The driver's name was Claude, and he seemed chipper, practically bouncing as he ran around to let me in the passenger side. He seemed to be the same guy who'd driven me to the hotel the night before, but I hadn't been in a super chatty mood.

Claude had a French accent, which made everything he said sound like he had his lips pulled tight to his teeth, yet it wasn't over the top like the waiter's thick accent.

"Good morn-eeng," Claude said, his ice-blue eyes attentive.

"It's still morning?"

"It eez 'alf past eleven," he said solemnly. Claude was a handsome man, with thick, black hair and a gold wedding band. Lucky wife, I thought.

The midday sun was hot on my bare calves. I'd worn the cornflower-blue dress that Smith said matched my eyes, with a pair of dressy flats that wouldn't slow down my shopping. As always, I'd slathered on sunscreen to prevent the production of additional freckles on my pale skin. I usually tried to avoid being out in the middle of the day during the summer, but the sun on my legs felt blissful.

If I couldn't be touched by Smith, the sun was a decent alternative.

Claude opened the back door of the town car for me, at the same time as I reached clumsily for the handle of the passenger door at the front. I clapped my hand to my forehead and apologized as I shuffled over and climbed into the back.

"The car's not yellow, so I forgot," I said, laughing. "I'm not used to having a driver."

"Maybe I should paint zis car yellow," he said with a wink. "It would be cheery. And the look on Mr. Wittingham's face, it would be priceless."

"Do you always drive for him when he's in Montreal?"

"I drive for him in any city. Where he goes, I go."

"Really." I put on my seat belt and tapped my fingers on my leg as Claude crossed around the vehicle and got in the driver's side.

He must have been reading my mind, anticipating all my intrusive questions about the mysterious Smith Wittingham, because before I could say a word, he said, "Of course, where I drive my boss is confidential. As are all the details of my employment." He gave me a friendly smile in the rear view mirror. "But I think we will have a very nice time today. I know all the most wonderful places for ladies to go shopping."

"Are you going to park the car and come in shopping with me?"

"If you would like me to. If not-" he held up a book of crossword puzzles "-I have my puzzles. Now, where are we going? Jewelry? We could go to Birks. Clothing? There is a Chanel boutique at Holt Renfrew."

"Oh." My heart started to race. "Um. Holt what-now?"

"It is a chain, like Saks or Barneys," he said. "I also know of some smaller boutiques. Local designers. You can buy Chanel any day when you're in New York."

"Honey, I can't even buy knock-off Chanel from a street vendor. Hmm. Then again, I have his shiny credit card, so Smith is buying today, which seems fine in theory."

He chuckled. "Some things are not so confidential, you know? You have been dating Smith for how long now, one week? You must know he is on the Forbes billionaire list. If he has sent you shopping, he will not be like the typical boyfriend who makes the gasping face at the price tag."

He was right.

"Take me to this Holt Renfrew place."

"At once," he said, his pale-blue eyes in the rear view mirror crinkling with a smile. "Actually, it is very close by. Just a few blocks. We could walk, but it will be nice to have the car for all the clothes that you will buy."

"We'll see about that."

He pulled the car out into traffic, still chuckling.

Holt Renfrew.

Oh, yes. Yes, please.

The art-deco, gray stone building rose up on its corner in the heart of downtown Montreal. Dressy, busy-looking people, each woman skinnier than the last, rushed back and forth past the department store's colorful window displays.

The air inside the store was clean and smelled of luxury-leather, brand-new wool, and hints of perfume as fresh as ozone crackling at the edge of the ocean.

I'd left Claude with his crossword puzzles in the car and braved the store on my own. I wasn't alone for long, because a pair of stylish women approached me as I wandered through the front area, afraid to touch anything.

Conscious of my knees shaking, I said, "Bonjour. Comment-allez vous?"

Without batting an eyelash, the taller, older one warmly said, "Bonjour. How may we ass-eest you?"

I told them I needed some things to wear for dinners and parties, and the younger woman, a dark-haired beauty with rouged cheeks, clasped her hands together in excitement. "Oh, fun!" she exclaimed. "With your exquisite coloring, such creamy skin and lovely red hair, I have many ideas."

"Lapis blue," the older woman said. "Her eyes, yes?"

They both nodded knowingly, and from that moment on, they stayed at my side, like the best combination of personal assistants and good friends.

I tried on several things, and while they were quick to offer alterations for a custom fit, I found that most everything the ladies picked for me fit perfectly.

I didn't look at price tags, and I averted my eyes from the total when I made my purchase. If the dresses and shoes cost more than a year of college tuition, I didn't want to know. The women asked me about jewelry, but I politely demurred.

Clothes and shoes were one thing, but jewelry was different. Jewelry was like cash, because it could be purchased today and easily hawked at a future date. A more opportunistic (and probably smarter) girl would have loaded up on diamonds, shopping until the credit card combusted in a puff of smoke. I was neither a prostitute nor an embezzler, so that idea didn't sit well with me.

If I was going to get jewelry, it would have to come from Smith.

After the Chanel boutique and the rest of Holt Renfrew, Claude loaded my haul into the trunk of a car.

"On to the next stop?" he asked. "We have not yet been to Ogilvy. There you will find more unique items. Perhaps a funny hat with feathers?"

"I think I've done enough damage to Smith's credit card," I said, laughing.

"Mmm," he said, his voice ringing with doubt as he rearranged the items in the trunk. "I see no jewelry boxes in those bags. Only shoes and dresses. Tsk tsk."

"I have a lot to learn, don't I, Claude?"

"You will learn. Back to the hotel?"

"Not yet. I wonder if you might take me somewhere... silly."

He closed the trunk and gave me a cool, appraising look with his pale-blue eyes. I shivered and wondered how pretty his wife was.

"Silly?" He gave me a twisted smile and opened the car door for me.

"Yes, silly. The kind of place I'm too embarrassed to name. That kind of silly. Something you would keep confidential."

A smile curved his lips and his icy eyes sparkled with mischief.

"I know just the place," he said.

We didn't drive far from downtown before we entered a less dense area with low-rise, old stone buildings and visible graffiti. Teens in black T-shirts rolled by on skateboards. We turned down a pretty, tree-lined street with colorful flower boxes.

Claude slowed the car down as we rolled past shop windows with red neon lights and mannequins in strappy bondage gear. I felt my pulse quicken with excitement, albeit a different excitement than I'd experienced at Holt Renfrew.

"Silly like this?" he asked.

"Exactly."

The car stopped in front of the shop, which literally screamed SEX from signs in the window.

Claude rushed around to open my door, but he didn't presume to offer his company for this excursion.

I said ominously, "If I'm not out in half an hour, send in a search party."

Claude found this very amusing, and his chuckle super-sized itself to a wheezing laugh that was more cute than sexy.

As I approached the shop, I wondered how he knew of the place. Did his wife shop there when he was in the city? Or... had Mrs. Wittingham, Smith's ex-wife, shopped there? I still knew nothing about her, and thoughts nagged at the back of my mind, like mice chewing their way into sacks of grain and scattering everything.

I pushed back my curiosity and the first tingles of jealousy, and walked into the store.

The place smelled like cherries-not real cherries, but the artificial flavoring-and the music sounded like monks chanting, intermixed with ladies' moans of pleasure. The combination was not unpleasant, actually.

I stepped into what appeared to be a pet-supplies corner, but all the leashes and studded leather collars were Mastiff-sized. I ran my fingers over the chunky stitching on a harness, smiling at the memory of the giant Mastiff who'd lived down the street from the place where I'd grown up. What was his name? Mittens? Marcus?

I picked up a tiny harness, muttering to myself, "What's this for? A ferret?"

Another woman shopping nearby heard this and turned to me. "CBT," she said. "Cock and ball torture." She had gray hair and looked like someone's grandmother.

"Ah," I said, my cheeks reddening. "Of course," I said.

She narrowed her eyes, and I imagined her torturing someone's c**k and balls. Good for her, I thought. Cock and ball torture seemed like a fine way to spend one's retirement, and it certainly beat canasta and lining up for the early buffet.

I made my way to the back of the shop, away from the wiener harnesses, and into the lingerie.

On a raised platform at the back corner, a woman with a brass name tag was giving a presentation to a dozen women, their ages ranging from my age up to Granny Ball Torturer.

The presenter sighed and explained, "I shouldn't take myself so seriously, but I just go bonkers when I see women wearing these incorrectly. The panties go over the garters. Over, ladies. Panties over garters. Do you see on the mannequin? Look at this." She pointed to the mannequin standing alongside her. The plastic figure wore lace thigh-high stockings, clipped to straps that connected to an equally-sexy garter encircling the waist below its perfect plastic navel. The woman doing the demonstration grabbed the mannequin's panties and tugged them down, but they stopped at the stocking clips, because the panties had been put on before the garter.

The audience collectively said, "Ahhhh."

The woman, who had chin-length curls in a variety of rainbow hues, said with a laugh, "Good luck having naughty stockings-on business with your lover if your panties are holding your legs together or cupping his balls."

She used both hands to make a cupping gesture and everyone, including me, laughed.

She continued, "Then again, if you do want to slow things down, by all means put the garters over the panties. It's your party, and it might slow your partner, or partners, down."

A woman near the front raised her hand. "What about spanking?"

The presenter, who was so tall in her high-heeled shoes, she didn't need to be on a platform, tossed back her colorful curls. "Thank you for asking. It's about damn time we got to spanking." She glanced around, locking on me with her dark brown, nearly-black eyes. "For this next segment, we're going to move down to the dungeon, and we'll shut the door, so it'll just be us girls."

Why was she looking at me? I took a step back, aware of the distance between me and the door.

And then, something happened. I followed her. We all did, including Granny Ball Torture.

Like Alice following the white rabbit into the center of the earth, we followed the sexy woman in the bustier and leather pants, through a door and down the stairs to the dungeon.

The dungeon was windowless, but didn't feel like a basement at all. The warm space smelled like sandalwood, which was a welcome change from the cherries upstairs. The walls were a rich purple, and glowed in the light of sparkling chandeliers and sconces.

Our leader with the rainbow hair stopped in front of a wall of whips and tools.

She said, "For the spanking, I can demonstrate on one of the mannequins. Or... if someone's feeling brave, we can have some fun with a volunteer."

Granny Ball Torture turned and looked right at me. I didn't want her to know how inexperienced I was, so, naturally, I raised my hand. "I volunteer," I said.

The group of ladies gave me polite applause and parted to let me up to the front.

"I am Celine," the woman said, pointing to her brass name tag.

She retrieved a cute bistro-like chair from the corner of the purple room, explaining it was the perfect height for leaning over, and then asked me permission to gently slap my bottom. At this point, my heart was pounding and everything was a purple blur.

"I will not bite," Celine said, which was not as reassuring as you might think, because now I was thinking about her biting me.

"I've been spanked before," I said. "Not in front of an audience."

"I can ask someone else...?"

"No!" I leaned over the chair and stuck my butt in the air.

"Good girl," she said. Good girl? Why did that particular phrase always make me feel so bad?

What the hell I was doing, volunteering to get spanked in public?

I was the girl who talked the talk, who sent filthy text messages from my friends' phones on their behalf. My friends called me Torrid Tori, but it was all for laughs. I was the girl who joked about spankings and threesomes with my friends Rochelle and Naomi, but I didn't do those things.

Celine was still talking, and I had to slow down my thoughts so I could understand her words. She was talking about BDSM, explaining that permission, consent, and trust were the most important aspects, more important than the props.

I thought back to Smith chasing me down in the woods and the rough sex that had ensued. We hadn't discussed anything, not in advance or after. Tsk tsk. Celine would give us a failing grade for our play time.

Celine checked in with me again, got confirmation of my consent, then massaged me on the fleshy part mid-way between my h*ps and thighs.

She said, "After a light preparation of the area, you'll want to cup your hands like this. Too flat and your hand will sting. Don't cup your hand deeply like you're holding water, but a light cupping will help make a nice noise, like this."

And then, the strange lady in the leather pants gave me a very polite slap on the ass. My blue dress was a thin material, and her firm hand made a satisfying noise.

She continued, "What a nice sound. This is part of the spanking, with the sound helping to engage all the senses."

Celine checked in with me again, then demonstrated how to increase the sensation, with a level one being a feather-light touch, and higher numbers being the type to redden the bottom quickly. She gave me a couple of swats at a level three.

I moaned out loud, surprised by how pleasurable the experience was. Some of the women gathered around tittered, and I heard a touch of envy in their voices. I licked my lips, thinking about how nice it would be to spank a girl's ass. I'd enjoyed spanking Smith on his naughty butt, yet women's asses were so pleasantly soft and heart shaped.

Celine switched things up, literally, by moving to a leather riding crop. She said, "Despite what you may have seen in Hollywood movies, I wouldn't recommend a bull whip. They're designed for cattlemen to use herding large animals. Even if you have your own large animal in the form of a husband-" the ladies enjoyed this joke "-you're likely to knock over a lamp or whip yourself in the eye. Start with something you can handle, and remember that the best prop is your attitude."

Everyone murmured in agreement, including me. Yes, attitude was a great prop, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw plenty of other intriguing options along the purple-hued walls.

Smith had said he was saving his sexual energy for his novel, but I had my own ideas. Nothing made me want something more than being told I couldn't have it, and he should have known better.

The game was going to change.

Celine kept spanking me with different implements, including a wooden spoon, but what I liked the most was her cool hand on my backside. I kept sneaking glimpses back at her, thinking about spanking her bottom, and getting myself even more turned on. The woman was wearing the hell out of her leather pants and sparkling bustier, and looked cute and sexy, leaning over with her cle**age on display. My hand would smack that black-leather ass so good.

Too soon, she patted me on the shoulder and thanked me for volunteering.

I stood up, my head buzzing with excitement, and a pleasant pressure building between my legs. I couldn't wait to get back to the hotel to Smith. Oh, Smith. With that hard body and his sweet, golden trail running down his abdomen.

Celine fixed me with her dark eyes, so unreadable and sensuous. "Would you like to try some light spanking on me? The best part is turning it around on someone, because you're able to imagine how they are feeling. Some people prefer to be submissive, others dominant, but as long as it's consensual and respectful, lots of couples like to mix it up."

"Oh." I could feel my cheeks flushing. Thinking about spanking a woman's ass and actually doing it were two different things.

Granny Ball Torture squinted at me like she was trying to read my mind.

"Sure, I'd love to," I said to Celine.

"Good." She gave me a sly smile that made me feel more than comfortable. I felt cool. It was just us women down there in the basement, and I was grooving on the goddess energy, I suppose, because I felt like I might do anything Celine suggested.

"As before, we won't get too complicated," Celine said. "If you and a partner are doing a scene, I'd recommend using a safe word you both agree upon, but you don't have to over-think it. For today, we'll continue to use stop as our safe word. Tori, you may spank me in front of everyone, and if I start to feel overwhelmed or unsafe, I'll say stop. Sound good?"

"Yes. I understand and agree."

She explained everything to the audience again, in French, and then she bent over the chair, her shiny leather pants stretched tight over her ass.

Moment of truth, Tori the Torrid, I told myself. Are you a good girl or are you a bad girl?

I rubbed the back of her thigh as she had done to me, then gave her a gentle spank.

The ladies watching murmured to each other, and I saw one of them cupping her hands.

My hand was tingling, as I'd forgotten my technique and had it completely flat. I cupped my hand slightly, and the next spank had a much juicier sound.

Our audience squealed.

I spanked Celine a couple more times, trying to get maximum sound with a soft strike. The room got really quiet, and all that could be heard was the spanking and the soft sounds of the woman moaning. My body was electric, all my senses sharp. I felt like anything could happen if I kept going.

That's enough, said the voice in my head.

I stepped back, put my hands on my h*ps and said, "Wow, that was nifty."

Celine got up from her bent-over position, her cheeks flushed and lovely. "Nifty? Sure." She smiled and gave me a warm smile, which made me feel better about being a total dork and treating her rump like bongo drums. "You did well," she said.

Next up, Celine herded us around the dungeon on a tour of the more complex equipment, including some restraints and a swinging chair that looked fun. After some small talk, we all wandered back upstairs to the main shop.

I wasn't sure how much time had passed, but it could have been half an hour. My pulse quickened as I imagined Claude walking in and looking for me because I'd taken longer than the half hour I'd mentioned. I rushed around the store, grabbing some lingerie that looked cute and close enough to my size. I grabbed a bunch of adult toys, including a thing that looked like a jellyfish. As I was piling my things up at the counter, I spotted some cute purple dresses. Upon closer examination, I discovered they were vinyl and transparent.

"Who doesn't need one of these?" I said as I added a vinyl dress to my pile.

The androgynous person with multiple face piercings who was ringing through my things gave me a reassuring smile. I did not feel reassured.

"Are you in our customer database?" they asked.

"I should think not."

My joke hung in the air with no reaction.

I realized how rude my joke might have seemed, so I quickly said, "I'm from out of town."

The cashier grinned, revealing even more piercings. "Hotel sex is the best sex."

"So I hear. I'd sure like to find out."

My purchases were tucked away into discreet bags. "I think you might get lucky. Definitely wear the dress."

As we loaded the new things into the car, Claude averted his eyes when my toys wiggled and jiggled out of the small bag like escaping aquarium fish.

We drove back to the hotel in silence.

The Hotel Le St. James welcomed me, and I was relieved to be in the air conditioned lobby after just a few moments outside. I pressed the button for the private elevator up to the room and stared at my fingers, thinking about getting a manicure. As the doors opened with a mechanical whoosh that sounded a thousand times more elegant than any other elevator doors I'd encountered, I pondered how quickly I'd adapted to luxury.

I could get used to this.

The heavy bags of clothes and shoes felt so natural on my arm.

Inside the penthouse, however, the room was looking less like a luxury suite and more like a bachelor pad. I set down my packages, then picked up some food wrappers and dirty dishes from the coffee table and brought them over to the kitchen counter.

"I've only been gone a few hours," I said. "Yeesh, is there any surface you didn't make a mess on?"

Smith gaped at me from his reclining position on the long sofa, a remote control in one hand.

"Tori?"

"Yes?"

"Just checking," he said, turning away. "For a minute there, I could have sworn you were my wife." He clicked a button to change channels. "Oops, I mean my ex-wife. The nagging is not attractive on you."

Nagging? At his mention, the words I'd said upon entering reverberated through my head on playback, and I heard it.

"Shit," I said. "I'm channeling my mother. That's something she must have said to me a thousand times growing up. 'Is there any surface you didn't make a mess on?' Hah!"

"Shut up," he mumbled.

"What? Did you just tell me to shut up?"

"Of course not." He twirled one hand around in the air, his eyes on the TV, not me. "By all means, do carry on. And on. And on."

"Are you trying to bait me into fighting with you?"

"Are you trying to nag me to an early grave?"

I put my hands on my hips. "Yes, Smith. I am trying to kill you with my nagging. Five more days and I should have you in a coma."

He didn't respond.

I said, "Really? I'm boring you now?"

He acted like he couldn't hear me, like I was in some magical container-like a doll in a box, that he could take out when he wanted to play and ignore the rest of the time.

I was still near the kitchen, and I grabbed the dishes I'd tidied up. I would just return them to the coffee table as a peace offering. It would be a statement of how little I cared about the tidiness of the penthouse.

As I approached Smith, however, I could feel the aggressive energy radiating from him.

My anger took over, and I dumped the tray of leftover salad and pasta sauce right on his lap.

He jumped up, his eyes flashing, and he came at me.

I started to run, a nervous smile and squeal on my lips.

I didn't even make it to the dining room before he caught me.

He seized my arms and held them behind my back, then he walked me, slowly and deliberately, to the master bedroom.

I didn't complain about his tight grip on my wrists.

"A lady spanked me today," I said.

He pushed me down on the bed, my feet still on the floor, so I was bent forward with my face in the covers and my h*ps in the air.

In a flash, he had my dress pulled up, and he laid a stinging slap across my ass.

I winced, but didn't cry out.

"That's too hard," I said evenly.

He smacked my bottom again, not quite as hard this time.

"Cup your hand a little," I said. "Or you'll tire out your hand."

"We need a gag. I could do with less talking."

"Smith. It's important for us to have a dialog. Before acting out a scene."

He slapped my ass again, this time with less anger, and the stinging was more bearable. He slowed down and massaged the area, running his thick fingertips up and down between my cheeks and across the lining of my panties, where I was getting wet with excitement.

I thought about everything the woman at the sex shop had said about the BDSM scene, and the difference between play and abuse, or the gray areas of roleplaying. I sighed to myself. Smith was more of a gray area kind of guy.

He kept massaging my backside, his tender touches feeling heavenly in between the bursts of sensation from the spanking. Despite all my plans to talk to him, the words left me. I moaned and adjusted my posture so he had easier access to the area between my legs. I wanted him inside me, without delays.

He said some coarse things as he slipped his fingers under the side of my panties. His words became even more vulgar as he thrust one thick digit inside me.

"I want you," I said.

"Your cunt wants me." He pushed my cheeks apart and wiggled his finger as he went deeper. "Shush," he said. "Just shush."

Just shush. No, Smith Wittingham wasn't really a talk-through-the-scenario kind of guy. But did I care? His finger slipped out and found that hot button, the spot that had been aching for his touch since before we landed in Montreal. My eyes rolled up with pleasure, and I surrendered to the moment. All that talking business was about building trust, and I did trust Smith. I'd known the man for barely a week, but I knew what kind of man he was, or so I thought.

But did he know me? And could he know how far I was willing to push him?

"You didn't answer my question," I said, my voice muffled by the bed.

He grunted in response and yanked down my panties so hard, I could hear the thin fabric rend.

"Question," he muttered. "What question? Spread your legs wider so I can see all that pink."

"Is there any surface?" I asked, channeling both my mother and the Goddess of Nagging, whoever that was. "Smith Wittingham. Is there any surface you didn't make a big, dirty mess on?"

He smacked my bottom again, as hard as the first time.

I gasped. "I can't leave you alone for more than an hour!"

Another smack.

I didn't hear his clothes his the floor, but I felt the heat of his na**d skin, of his erection between my bare legs.

"Yeesh, I'm still wearing my damn dress," I said. "You're so impatient."

He grunted something unintelligible as he swept the head of his c**k up and down my pu**y, everything as slick as it was willing.

I twisted my torso to look back at him, to see if he was smiling or serious, but he avoided eye contact, looking straight down or closing his eyes.

"Fine, don't look at me when you f**k me," I said. "So rude."

He kept teasing me with the tip, nudging the hot, bare head in and out, seemingly aware of how bad I wanted him inside me.

"Make up your mind," he said, between ragged breaths. "Do you want me to look at you, or f**k you?"

"Just do me already."

"Sorry, I don't understand your response." Again, the tip nudged up and down, gliding over my cl*t and then back again, until the whole shaft was gliding back and forth between my swollen lips. "In the ass? You want it in the ass?"

"No."

He groaned and poked at it anyway.

I shivered. "Not the ass. And don't look at me. Just f**k my pu**y. And do a good job of it, will you?"

He muttered, "So demanding."

I felt him unfastening the thin belt I wore over my blue dress, and then he pulled the dress up. I stretched out my arms to help him get the garment off, but he only removed it partway, leaving it over my arms and face like a hood.

"Stay like that," he said, his voice commanding.

I could no longer see anything except shadow and blue fabric.

"Stay," he repeated.

"Yes, sir." I held my position, essentially blindfolded by my own dress. Without sight, my other senses picked up.

Touch. I could feel his c**k still teasing me, gliding back and forth, side to side, but not plunging deep into me. My whole body was tingling with sexual excitement, and the cheeks of my ass were hot from where I'd been spanked. I imagined my pale skin was strawberry-red, possibly showing hand prints.

Smell. Trapped in my fabric cloak, against the bed, I couldn't smell his musk over the fabric detergents and my own perfume. The scent of cherries and sandalwood lingered on my skin.

Sound. The television was still on in the other room, set to a sports channel. I could hear my own breaths, but when I slowed my breathing down, I could just barely hear Smith. Every few breaths, he'd make a low mmm sound that sent fire through my core.

Taste. My bicep was next to my mouth, and I licked my skin, imagining I was tasting his skin. I'd been out, and the city had settled on me-all cigarette smoke and sunshine.

He wasn't inside me yet, and my mind escaped the sensations for an instant. Where was this going? What would happen at the end of my typing contract? I pulled my focus back to the heat between my legs, so I didn't have to think about the future.

Was he ever going to f**k me, or was it all a tease? I moaned in frustration, and he chuckled.

From within my cloak, I said, "Smith, what's your ex-wife's name? I want you to call me by her name. I want you to f**k me like I'm her." I spread my legs wider and arched my back to tilt myself up. "Do it. I'm your dirty, f**king ex-wife, and I'm nagging you."

He paused, adjusted his c**k so it was lined up, and slammed into me. I gasped, my eyes flying open, but still seeing nothing. His hands were everywhere. Holding me steady as he pounded into me, and then all over my body. Rough hands. Grabbing. Pinching. Squeezing.

He reached under and found my cl*t with rough fingers, but I was already coming, moaning and crying out in pleasure from within the confines of the fabric.

Rough hands moved around again, cupping my br**sts and pinching my ni**les, then finding their duty on my h*ps as he thrust into me, again and again, harder and faster.

Stars winked before my eyes as I cascaded into another orgasm.

I heard him gasp as he pulled out. He let out a sound like an angry growl.

Hot like candle wax, his fluid landed on my bare back.

I bit my lower lip and smiled to myself.

He lost, and I won.

His palm slapped my back and he rubbed the fluid around and around.

I paused, unsure of what was coming next. I held absolutely still, my pulse rushing in my ears.

My skin tightened as he dragged one slippery finger down the center of my back, and all the way down to my pu**y. He stuck one wet finger straight into my pu**y, and then two fingers. The other hand went to my back, smeared around in the fluid, then dragged down and around my stomach to my clit, which was so sensitive now. He burrowed his fingertips roughly into my folds and stroked in rhythm with the movement of his fingers penetrating me.

I didn't want to, but I came again. My inner walls clutched at his fingers, and before I'd even stopped shaking, he abruptly withdrew.

Without a word, he walked away, his bare feet slapping the wood floor, on the way to the bathroom.

I heard him urinate and then turn on the shower.

What the hell was that?

After a moment, when I was sure he wasn't coming right back, I carefully extracted myself from the dress, then took some deep breaths of air-conditioned air.

Smith was showering in the main bathroom, connected to the room, but something told me not to go in there.

Had I changed the game, or played right into his hand?

I went to the other bathroom and cleaned myself off with a good, long shower. I couldn't wipe the smug smile off my face, but three orgasms will do that to you.

Part 3: Going Out to a Show

For the next few days, Smith and I fell into a routine.

He said we weren't going back to Vermont until the book was finished, so I unpacked all my things and set them up in the bedroom.

At night, he slept in the second, smaller bedroom, while I sprawled out in the master bedroom of the penthouse like a lazy housecat.

After the time he'd f**ked me with my dress pulled up over my head, he wouldn't touch me. I could tell by the way he looked at my body that he still wanted me, so I practiced being patient, and didn't make any demands.

We worked on the novel for several hours each day, making good progress. This bothered me, because when he didn't need me as his typist anymore, what would happen? I asked him a few times, at first casually and then, after a few days, less casually.

He simply said, "Tori, I'm not thinking about anything beyond the story. You know I like you as more than a typist. We'll take things one day at a time."

One day at a time.

I'd been hired for a two-week contract, and we'd spent five days together in Vermont before coming to Montreal.

By day ten, I stopped being hopeful about us having a future, and resigned myself to enjoying the present.

My requests for sex became almost perfunctory.

He refused, saying he was conserving his creative energy for the writing, and that plenty of people in various fields did the same thing.

"Sounds superstitious to me," I said, trying to play it off with humor, but I was heartbroken that he wouldn't touch me. I even tried picking a fight with him, but he blocked me by becoming The Most Reasonable Man.

"Where would you like to go for dinner, dear?" he'd ask. I'd say something crazy and he'd agree. We had the concierge send out for McDonalds Big Macs one night, and Smith ate his burger and fries with nary a complaint.

I hadn't seen him na**d in far too long, and everything he did turned me on. He'd scratch the bottom of his chin with a single finger, flicking at his light blond stubble as he thought about a plot point in the story, and his sexy lips would twitch with hints of words. I wanted to crush his lips under mine, envelop his sex in mine. He offered only chaste hugs and polite kisses.

On the evening of day ten, I broke out the new sex toys I'd bought at the boutique, and used them on myself. All of them. I thought of Smith as I pleasured myself, but he was on the other side of the wall in his own room, and my orgasms were sudden and empty, like the echo of a slamming door.

On the eleventh day, he stopped dictating mid-sentence.

I thought we were stopping for a food break, and turned on the tea kettle, but Smith put on his shoes.

"Are your feet sore from pacing?" I asked.

He said, "I'm calling it a day. Montreal awaits. Come on, I'll take you on a walking tour."

We'd been out of the hotel room plenty of times, but there's something about a hotel that gives you cabin fever if you spend much time in it beyond sleeping. They'd decorated the place to resemble a stylish condominium, but everything matched too perfectly. The gleaming dining room table bore no scratches from a family dinner, no love scars from a real life.

I ran to the washroom to fix my makeup, and noted the time and weather by a quick visit to the patio. The sun was high overhead, as it was barely past two o'clock, so I put on extra sunscreen and grabbed a big, floppy sunhat.

Smith grinned at me as we stepped into the private elevator. "You look ridiculous," he said.

I pulled the hat down further and peered at him from beneath the ruffled brim. "And you're going to have a red nose if you don't let me put some sunscreen on you."

He took off his sunglasses and fixed me with those deep-as-the-sea blue eyes of his. "Hit me," he said, and he pressed the button to stop the elevator between floors.

I pulled the tube of lotion from my purse and squirted some onto my fingers. My heart was beating faster already, simply at the idea of touching him. He closed his eyes and I rubbed the lotion across his temples and forehead first, taking my time. He had great skin for a fair-faced man who didn't take care of himself beyond water and whatever soap happened to be in the hotel bathroom.

I rubbed the lotion down his cheeks, using both hands to apply and massage both sides of his face evenly. With my fingertip, I applied the lotion near his eyes and then down his nose, stopping to feel the cartilage at the pointed tip. It felt so different from the tip of my own nose, which was soft and squishy by comparison.

The air inside the elevator hung around us, warm and still, as though we were paused in time, encapsulated away from the rest of the world. I heard nothing but the whir of something electrical, and our breathing.

Smith licked his lips, and when my hand passed near his mouth, he caught my wrist in his hand and stuck one of my fingers in his mouth. He sucked my finger as he gazed into my eyes, and I felt like he was consuming me, devouring some intangible part of me, like my soul.

The sensation of his wet tongue and lips on my finger excited me, the flesh between my legs swelling as quickly as if he'd been sucking my clit.

Closing my eyes, I said, "That feels good. And it's just my finger."

In response, he moved my finger to the side of his mouth, between his teeth, and he gave me a gentle bite. The points of pressure gave me a flash of fear, like the crack of a bull whip, and my eyes flew open.

He released my finger and pulled me into him, his arms tight around my back and his hands rough on my bu**ocks. I rocked my h*ps up and against his, a pleading moan escaping my lips. I'd been waiting so long, and as he kissed me, I opened myself to him, inviting him to devour me.

He pulled away and gazed down into my eyes.

"I have a surprise for you," he said.

I reached between our h*ps and stroked his hardening shaft through his brushed-cotton trousers.

"Surprise."

He chuckled. "Not that. We're going to a show tonight. A concert. And we're meeting some friends."

I kept kneading his c**k through the fabric, only partially aware of our conversation.

"I'm meeting some of your friends? Tonight?"

"They're more... well, they're your age."

"Going out on a real date? Oh, Smith. You naughty boy." I unbuckled his pants and pushed him back into the corner of the elevator. "Are there cameras in this elevator?"

"Probably." He grinned at me. "Hey, would you let me watch you have sex with another man?"

I was getting down on my knees in front of him, and I paused, my face at his crotch. I looked up into his dark sapphire eyes.

"What other man?" My mind raced. Was he planning to take me to a sex club? A swinger's dungeon? He didn't answer, so I said, "What the f**k, Smith? What other man?"

He reached down and pulled off my hat, tossing it to the elevator floor. He stroked my hair and stopped with one palm on the back of my head. With gentle pressure, he pushed my head forward at the same time as he pulled down his boxer shorts, and his bare c**k was at my lips.

I felt so many emotions raging within me at the same time. There was his manhood, hot and hard and in my face, and already I was kissing and licking the shaft, unable to resist. He's just messing with my head, I told myself. The mention of this other man was to make me angry, because it excited him to irritate me.

Now he had both hands on my head, and he was pushing more insistently against me, the slippery tip of his c**k at my lips, driving against my closed mouth.

"Sure, you can watch," I said. "I'd love to f**k some guy while you watched. It would be good for you to see how to treat a lady. Maybe you'll learn something."

Before he could respond, I dropped my jaw and took him deep into my mouth. I remembered how sensual it felt to have my finger sucked on, and my pleasure doubled. The tension in my pu**y turned to intense pressure, and I alternated between sliding him in and out of my mouth, then giving a hard suck to the tip, my lips and tongue making wet, smacking noises.

He groaned. "Tori. Oh, Tori. I thought you were innocent, but you're not. You're wicked. You're my wicked little redhead cumslut."

I popped his c**k out of my mouth and blinked up at him. "Beg pardon?"

He grabbed the back of my head again and stuffed his c**k into my mouth as he immediately came, shooting his hot fluid down my throat.

When he was done pulsing and withdrew, I wiped my mouth with my hand as I stared down at his shoes. He was wearing leather sandals with walking soles, his toes visible. I thought about spitting his fluid back out on his feet.

Do it, said the voice in my head. Spit on his sandals. Soak them.

No, it's exactly what he wants you to do, another voice countered.

I swallowed. And instead of giving him the glare I wanted to sear him with, I look up and smiled sweetly. Like an obedient dog. Like a f**king Border Collie.

"Good girl," he said, patting my head.

He did up his pants, without any mention of doing anything for me. Not that I was in the mood anymore.

I got to my feet, dusted off my bare knees, and picked up my purse and sunhat. I retrieved the tube of sunscreen and squirted a dollop onto my fingers.

"Come here," I said.

He gave me a sideways look, like he didn't trust me.

"We didn't get the back of your neck," I said, my voice dripping with sweetness.

He leaned down so I could apply the lotion to his neck. I massaged his skin in light circles, and when I was done, he said, "Thank you."

"You're welcome."

He pressed the button to get the elevator going again, and it lurched to life, moving down.

We both smoothed down our clothes and turned to face the elevator doors.

He reached for my hand and grabbed it in his as the doors opened.

Holding hands?

That felt good.

He held my hand for the next hour, as we walked around downtown Montreal, admiring all the buildings, old and new. We stopped for lunch at a quaint cafe, and I had a half-caf latte in a cup Smith joked was as big as my head.

Smith insisted he wanted to talk about something besides the novel, but every conversation came back around to the novel.

I'd ask him about where in the world he'd traveled, and he'd mention a trip done as research for a novel.

I gave up on trying to steer the conversation, and let him carry on about Detective Dunham and his client Sheri. We talked about the two of them like they were old friends, their fictional love lives endless fuel for our gossip. I can't say I didn't enjoy this new intimacy.

After lunch, we continued to walk around, holding hands like teenagers.

Older couples with silver hair gave us happy smiles.

Women my age narrowed their eyes and looked me up and down in my pretty new dress.

And all the men who were Smith's age stared at my tits.

I was pleasantly surprised about the evening's plans. The concert wasn't some boring classical thing that only rich people appreciated, but the kind of music I actually liked.

We entered the lobby, and as I looked over the other attendees in their black leather and tattoos, I whispered to Smith, "I feel overdressed."

He put a possessive arm around my shoulder and kissed the side of my forehead. "Overdressed beats underdressed any day."

I rolled my eyes. "What do you know? You're a man. You look basically the same all the time."

A smirk curled his lips. "I'm wearing a jacket."

I slipped my arm under the jacket, the lining silky on my hand. "And you look delicious."

He grinned and stared at my lips, probably savoring the pleasant memory of me blowing him in the elevator hours earlier. He'd tried for another b**w j*b on the way home from our walking tour, but I'd refused, and then he'd pretended he didn't really want one after all. Yeah, right.

Because of the local liquor laws, we weren't allowed drinks inside the auditorium, so we practically chugged down two glasses of wine each in a VIP lounge.

I felt as wobbly as some of my new sex toys as we took our seats.

"Front row!" I exclaimed.

Smith looked embarrassed.

"Right." I shook my head. "Billionaire. I forget sometimes."

We'd been seated for a few minutes, Smith sitting to my right, when I felt my senses tingling. Someone I knew was nearby. I looked up, and my jaw dropped open.

Todd.

My ex-boyfriend.

Todd took his assigned seat next to me, not recognizing me. He had his new girlfriend with him, sitting on the other side of him. She had her face turned away, but I recognized her profile easily.

Rochelle.

The two of us had been in some theater productions at college together, where we'd become friends. By graduation, we'd spent countless hours together, studying, but mostly talking about boys... and girls.

I turned in my seat and hissed at Smith, "You did this, didn't you?"

He glanced over at Todd and Rochelle. "Oh, good. They made it. I wasn't sure if they'd buy the story that they won some raffle they didn't remember entering. People are so wary of schemes these days."

I folded in on myself, trying to disappear into my seat. What if Todd figured out the scheme that had brought him to sit next to me? He'd give me that look. He'd stare right into my eyes, and his face would say it: Tori, you're pathetic. Tori, you have no self-respect. How could you let someone treat you like a possession? No wonder I'm not enough for you. I'm just a regular guy. I'm nice, Tori. Nice.

Todd would say those words and give me that look, and I'd die.

If only the seat would swallow me whole, but it didn't. My armpits prickled as I floated on the line between awful reality and awful imagination. Tori, you're pathetic. My mouth went dry, my breathing shallow, and my muscles tensed.

Smith said, "Cheer up! This is supposed to be fun."

"Why would you do this?" I narrowed my eyes at him, trying to burn him with my fury. My anger felt good, and it was a step up from fear, so I clung to that red plume of rage like a lifeline.

Smith gave me his innocent look. "I thought you'd get a kick out of it."

"How so?"

He shrugged. "Isn't living well the best revenge? You guys broke up, and now you're dating a billionaire. When you get over yourself and finally say hello, be sure and mention my name. Don't blow your perfect opportunity."

"This is because I asked you about your wife, isn't it?"

"Ex-wife."

"What's her name?"

"Mrs. Wittingham."

"Why'd you split up?"

"She became crazy."

"You drove her crazy."

He winced. "More like tragic circumstances drove her crazy."

The house lights dimmed, and everyone pinched the taps on their conversations, voices dribbling down to whispers.

I grabbed Smith's hand and tried to squeeze the truth out. "What tragic circumstances?"

He turned to me, his eyes sad, and whispered, "You probably won't like me anymore, but I'll tell you as soon as the novel's done."

"In three days?"

He nodded. "In three days."

Someone tapped me on the shoulder. "Tori?"

I took a deep breath and prepared myself.

Slowly, I turned to my left, to face my past, in the form of Todd.

"This is so crazy," Todd said, his voice having more of an Australian accent than I remembered. "We were just talking about you, and now here you are."

Todd, always being Mr. Full Details, explained the entire spiel about winning the trip, while I nodded and smiled like an idiot. That accent! It was so outback-y. He sounded like a funny impression of an Australian, but he was cute.

Todd had dark, nearly-black hair, as thick as Smith's, and cut short enough I could see the scalp. He used to rub his freshly-buzzed hair on my bare stomach to get me to laugh. His amber-brown eyes were as captivating now as ever, bringing up feelings I thought were gone forever. I didn't feel pathetic when he looked at me with a smile on his face.

Oh, Todd, I did miss you. We'd had our good times, and he was the youngest guy I'd ever been with, basically my age.

The girl he was with, Rochelle, was talking to someone next to her, not yet aware I was there.

Todd grinned that miles-wide smile of his, his teeth perfectly straight thanks to both of his parents being dentists of some type or other. I'd never actually met them, and I always imagined it wasn't the distance, with them being in Australia, but that Todd was ashamed of me and my less-than-sophisticated upbringing.

Todd poked me playfully on the leg and said, "Did you win a trip, too?"

"No, I'm here with this guy." I pointed to Smith and got a funny idea. "He's my dad. Finally, after all these years, I tracked him down." I turned to Smith, a wicked grin on my face. "Right, Daddy?"

Smith opened his mouth to disagree, but the crowd around us erupted in applause as the opening act took the stage. He gave me a look that said I was going to get a very serious spanking later for my disobedience. His stern expression made me very aroused, as did-to my surprise-sitting next to Todd.

Being so close to my former lover, smelling his familiar scent, brought memories rushing back.

I thought of the two of us at that tacky p**n o movie theater, and me giving him a furtive hand job under a tented jacket.

Then there was the night we made love in his shared dorm room, even though we knew his horny roommate was awake and watching in the candle light. I hadn't been able to get off that evening, due to nerves, but I'd climbed on first thing in the morning, desperate and wet, and he'd risen to the occasion like a champion, more than once.

Up on stage, the opening band made their entrance with a great flashing of lights and smoke. I'd never been in the front row at a concert like this, and when the lead singer made eye contact with me, I was immediately starstruck, my insides fluttery. My excitement overwhelmed me, pushing tears into my eyes, even though the song wasn't familiar, let alone huge.

As I watched them, they kept looking down at the front row, down at me.

The guys on stage were all sexy, owning the stage, and owning me with their eyes. Sitting pretty in the VIP section, I felt desirable and overdressed in the exact right way, like a spoiled rich girl. I could get used to this, too.

A pretty hand with short, purple fingernails reached across Todd and patted my leg. I took Rochelle's hand and squeezed it in greeting, and we both leaned across Todd to say hello. I couldn't hear a word she said over the band, but I didn't need to. We'd been friends, and though we'd drifted apart shortly before graduation, we knew each other's hearts and minds. Seeing her with Todd made absolute sense. I knew them both, and they were a good fit, more natural than me with Todd.

My left breast was resting against Todd's arm, yet he didn't shy away. Emboldened by the drinks I'd quaffed moments earlier, I leaned in more, curious about what he would do. He didn't react at all, not even when I rested my hands on his muscular thigh, ostensibly to talk more easily to Rochelle.

She was telling me about some job she'd started in her hometown, but I couldn't hear anything over the band.

Suddenly, I remembered something in vivid detail. The shock washed over me in waves. I didn't just send messages from other people's phones as pranks. I also used to send filthy text messages to Todd during classes, telling him about dirty things Rochelle and I were going to do to him. Rochelle had been going through an experimental phase, dating a bisexual woman, and she and I thought it was the most hilarious thing ever to joke about "tag-teaming" people.

Rochelle was a strawberry blond, but she loved my darker red hair so much, she started dying hers a similar shade. People said we could have passed for sisters, or even twins.

The details kept washing over me. I'd earned the nickname Tori the Torrid by sending messages from Rochelle's phone to her lesbian girlfriend, pretending to be Rochelle, who'd asked me to do this as a service to her sex life. I was always shooting my mouth off, telling insane tales about strap-ons and all-night sex marathons. I'd never even seen a strap-on in real life until my recent visit to the Montreal sex shop, much less considered using one, so it was all fiction. It was all just a joke.

I wasn't that adventurous, torrid girl.

Only here we all were.

I must have been making an inviting expression, because Rochelle grabbed my face in her hands and kissed me, right on the lips. I was so stunned, I didn't pull away, but let her kiss me. Her lips were cool, and her skin was smoother than any man's, smoother even than immediately post-shaving.

Todd was the one who actually pulled us apart.

His voice was loud enough to hear over the song. He chided Rochelle, "Not in front of Tori's father!"

Rochelle pulled out her cell phone and typed in a message, then held it up for me to read: Your father is Smith Wittingham? Lucky you!

I turned to my right. Smith was nodding his head, pretending to be focused on the band, but I knew he was riveted by all the drama he'd arranged for. I had a new name: Smith Shit-Disturber Wittingham.

My tension was gone, though, thanks to the kiss from Rochelle.

I started to laugh.

Thanks to the wine and the loud music, I was feeling hot and loose and out of control.

I typed out my own message on her phone: I was just joking. Smith and I are f**king. Big time. And dating, I guess. You could say it's complicated.

My head was still buzzing from her lips on my mouth, and Todd was here, touching my arm.

I'd missed both of them. I'd missed them so bad, and as we all settled back into our seats, I realized how lonely I'd been.

At least the concert was loud, and I didn't have to talk to anyone. I could feel Smith's eyes burning me, daring me to turn and give him a reaction, but I refused to look his way and give him the satisfaction.

To my left, Todd adjusted his posture, and I could see why-the man was sporting an enormous erection. By the look of it, he had little blood still flowing to his brain. That was one of the cutest things about Todd, after his Australian accent-his ability to get a full-on, raging hard-on at the merest suggestion of play.

When we were together, I'd certainly taken advantage of that, doing things like sticking my foot in his crotch when we were at a restaurant. I wondered if his current porksword was for me, or for Rochelle. Or both of us.

I uncrossed and re-crossed my legs, fanning my face with one hand. The energy in the concert hall shifted, and Smith elbowed me. I glanced up and saw the lead singer of the band was extending his hand to me, inviting me up onto the stage.

Oh, shit. I put my hand over my face and sunk down into my seat. Could the evening get any more surreal?

The singer said into his microphone, "This beautiful redhead is shy, folks. Should I pick someone else? Maybe she'll be less scared if her beautiful twin sister comes up as well."

At that, Rochelle reached across Todd's lap, grabbed my hand, and dragged me from my chair. Laughing, I only pretended to drag my new red-soled shoes as we moved to the side, past the burly security guys, and onto the stage.

The lights were hot, like I'd stepped from shade into the mid-day sun. I could barely see anyone in the audience, which made the experience less terrifying and more terrifying, at the same time.

The singer, whose name I would later find out was Remi, positioned me and Rochelle on a low bench that some men in all-black clothes placed on the stage. I sat, hoping people couldn't see my knees trembling, and grabbed onto Rochelle's hand. She gave me a sweet smile and a wink, and I was actually glad to be there. Thrilled, even.

Remi said something in French, and the audience laughed. I felt my cheeks redden with blush, because the way he was looking at me felt so dirty. Remi had a Justin Timberlake vibe, but dangerous. He had a wiry build and fiercely bright blue eyes, and his blond hair was grown out long enough to twirl in tight curls. His resemblance to a mythical angel was offset by his aggressively sexual stance, and that mouth. I'd never seen such a sexy mouth on a man. Maybe it was the way he growled when he sang, or the things he was saying in French.

The band started, and he sang a song that was only partially in English, switching back and forth between the two languages. He shook his hips, then got down on his knees like he was begging, and writhed on the stage floor, walking his body in a circle with his chained-boot-clad feet. He finished the song by lying across both of our laps, on his back.

I stared at his beautiful eyes, those heavenly light curls, his snarling mouth, and then... in those tight pants... oh, goodness. My brain fairly screamed it: ROCK STAR COCK!

Too quickly, the song was finished, and Rochelle and I were carefully making our way back down to our seats. I grabbed for Smith's hand and gave him a quick kiss as I took my seat.

He raised his eyebrows as if to say, having fun yet?

I gave him another kiss, deeper this time, to show him how turned-on I was.

After I tore myself away from my sexy beast (who was a rock star in his own way), I noted with a smile that Todd still had monster wood in his jeans.

After the concert, the four of us climbed into the town car, and the driver, Claude, drove us back to the hotel. Smith had extended an invitation to Todd and Rochelle to have "a nightcap" with us.

My ears were ringing from the loud concert, and the songs seemed to linger in my body with a pleasant thrumming vibration.

As my two friends admired and gushed over the private elevator and then the penthouse, I saw everything with fresh eyes, and the dream of it all sparkled once more. This must be how I make Smith feel about his lifestyle, I thought.

Smith popped the cork on a bottle of champagne while I put on some music, and then... what can I say... the party started.

We sat in the sitting room and played an awfully silly drinking game called I Have Never.

One person names an adventurous act, starting with the phrase "I have never."

Rochelle started things by saying, "I have never kissed Tori."

I elbowed Smith to drink. "I can't believe you've never played this. See, you have kissed me, so you have to drink."

"Oh!" His eyebrows shot up, and he took a sip of the bubbly champagne. "A teen drinking game, played with Cristal. I guess now I've done everything."

Rochelle said, "I've only kissed Tori once, at the concert tonight, but it was nice."

Todd's eyes flitted nervously between the two of us women. "I can't believe how cool you two are being about this. Honestly, when I saw Tori at the concert, I thought about faking a stomach ache and leaving."

The four of us were comfortable in the suite's sitting room, the two of them on a sofa across from me and Smith. I reached forward and patted Todd's knee, giving him a puppy-dog look. "We're all friends here," I said. "No need to be nervous."

His eyes widened, as though telling him not to worry had done the exact opposite.

I felt my face tighten with a mischievous grin. "What's wrong, Todd? Are you scared?"

He stared into his champagne. "I just can't help thinking about what a coincidence it is that I won a contest I don't remember entering, and then I run into you, and your billionaire boyfriend."

I laughed and threw my arm around Smith. "Billionaire boyfriend. I like the sound of that."

"I'm all yours, princess," Smith said, grinning. "We can stay up all night. You're in charge."

I kissed him, rewarding him for being such a good boy. I wondered when the bad boy was going to come out, but for now I was enjoying my glamorous, champagne-filled life.

Rochelle stood and asked if I wanted to accompany her to the powder room. I jumped up. We had a few things I wanted to talk about.

I'll spare you the details of our giggling discussion, and just tell you what happened next.

Todd didn't take much convincing, but, to my surprise, Smith said he preferred to stay out of it and just watch.

And watch he did, from a chair pulled up next to the king-sized bed. He gave us a few pointers as we tied Todd's wrists to the headboard.

"Give him slack," Smith said. "Nothing ruins a great moment like having to readjust because someone's losing circulation."

Todd was very quiet, a mix of delight and terror on his face. His amber-brown eyes shone gold in the flattering light of the master bedroom.

Rochelle and I left him there and ran to the master bathroom to freshen up and put on our outfits. We both giggled as we snipped the price tags off the sexy lingerie I'd bought five days earlier at the sex shop.

Rochelle groped me with her eyes as she said, "It's girls like you who make me unable to go straight." She zipped up my dress, which was purple, plastic, and translucent. "I want to f**k you so hard."

I laughed. "With what?" I teased.

She wagged her tongue out at me, then pulled me in for another kiss.

I said, "I don't really... I mean..."

"You're straight, I know. Don't sweat it. You're okay with touching and kissing, right?"

"Well, yeah." I ran my hands over the black, lace bustier I'd loaned her, and gently squeezed the tops of her br**sts. "It's kinda like touching myself. You are really sexy. Wow." I leaned down and buried my face in her bosom for a moment. I moaned, then said, "No wonder men like girls. We're so soft and pleasant."

She ran her hands down my plastic sides, which made me laugh, because I could feel her heat and pressure, but not the texture of her hands. "I feel like a cock," I said.

"Why, are you going to spit up on me?"

"I mean I feel like a c**k inside a condom. This dress feels like a shower curtain."

"Hmm." She squeezed my bu**ocks in her hands and pulled me in for an embrace and another kiss.

A rapping at the door made us pull apart.

"You've tortured us enough," Smith said. "Now come out and play."

This is happening.

In that instant, everything came into sharp focus. My pink lip gloss was on Rochelle's lips, from where I'd kissed her. My body smelled like hot baby powder, which I'd been liberally dusted with before donning the plastic dress. The glamorous bathroom looked like the changing room on a p**n movie set, with lacy things tossed everywhere. My new collection of sex toys stood at attention, along the counter in front of the mirror, like an army of dildos and vibrators, parading along two by two.

I was going to walk through that door and engage in some seriously kinky business, with a friend, and a former lover, in front of the man I was currently working for or dating or some combination. And, for the first time that night, my fear caught up to me and overtook the lust.

"Rochelle, I don't know if I can do this."

She grabbed my hand and gazed into my eyes, her expression soft and comforting. Her eyes weren't blue like mine, but blue-green, like sea glass. Her pale eyelashes were coated in black mascara, too thick for my taste, but the clumps didn't diminish her attractiveness.

"We're just playing," she said. "I figure one day we'll be old, with kids and mortgages, and we'll need to be responsible. No more dress-up in plastic fetish wear. No more messing around or dancing with strangers in bars. Do you think in twenty years, we'll have rock stars pulling us up on stage?"

"Gah! Rochelle! No need to make me depressed."

She smiled. "Don't be. That stage of life has its positives as well. Stability, and, I don't know, book clubs, and high tea." She laughed. "But we're still kids right now. Think of tonight like finger-painting. You get to play games and make a mess. And it feels good."

She traced her fingertip along my jaw line and then down, between my br**sts, dragging down the zipper of my dress, one click at a time.

"Doesn't it?" She arched her thin eyebrows. "Doesn't it feel good?"

I reached around and grabbed her smooth ass with both hands. "You're right. It does."

"Let's go out there and give your man a real show. Something he'll never forget."

I agreed, and followed her out of the bathroom. We held hands and strutted, both of us with our heads held high as the men admired us.

Todd was patiently waiting on the bed-as patient as a guy could look while tied to a headboard-and Smith looked cool and relaxed like a Gucci ad, sitting on his chair with a drink in one hand. I grabbed the glass of ice and amber fluid from him and sucked it back.

"Liquid courage," I said.

Smith nodded over to the bed and said, "Make me proud, baby."

Rochelle was already on the bed, alternating between kissing Todd and brushing his face with her pendulous br**sts. She still wore the black lace bustier, but had pushed down the lace tops so she was free, na**d and clothed at the same time. She and I were similar in looks and body shape except for that one aspect, and her br**sts were spectacular.

I crawled up along Todd's familiar body. He seemed so much more hairy than I remembered, as his hair was black, so dark compared to Smith's golden fuzz.

"May I?" I said, and I kissed Todd on the mouth. He kissed how I remembered, and a thrill shot down and tickled my pu**y. Rochelle's breast was right there in my face, so I took a sample for myself. As I sucked her nipple, another thrill went through my body, the same as when someone sucked on mine. My tits were still in my plastic dress, though. Interesting, I thought, and I took a bigger mouthful, sucking contentedly on her luscious breast. I closed my eyes and savored the electrical surges running through me.

Someone was touching my panties, their hand pushed up under my short dress, and I didn't dare open my eyes to see who it was.

After a moment, I realized someone was talking-not giving orders in a commanding way, but making suggestions. My mind was muddled from the drinks, the late hour, and the sexual charge.

Smith repeated the request. "Tori, put that c**k in your mouth and suck it."

Ever the obedient cumslut, I shifted down and grabbed Todd's c**k with one hand. He was long and thick, and I knew that part of him well. Licking the tip was like visiting an old friend, if that friend was veiny and purple and trying to cream in your mouth.

I relaxed again as I massaged his hard shaft with my tongue, and soon he was deep in my mouth and I was happily bobbing, loving his responsiveness to my touch.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Rochelle straddle Todd's face, her back to me. Todd used to love it when I sat on his face-he said he felt safe and relaxed in that position, like he could go forever and ever. It was true; his tongue never got tired.

My movements became automatic, and I sucked his shaft down deep in my mouth, giving firm pressure, but not so much that he'd peak too quickly.

The room blurred around me, and I lost all sense of time. At some point, Rochelle tapped me on the shoulder, and then unzipped my dress. Having my moist skin out in the cool air again felt heavenly, and then she and I switched positions, and I truly was in heaven, with Todd's tongue licking my pu**y and circling my cl*t tirelessly. Oh, the miles I could put on that strong, licking tongue of his.

I grabbed onto the headboard and leaned forward, f**king his face as best I could without suffocating the poor guy. He started to shake, and I paused, worried I was hurting him, but he was just coming. Smith was still directing the action from his chair, and he asked that Todd come on my back, splashing all over me. Rochelle giggled as she pulled him from her mouth, then she cooed and sighed as she jerked his c**k with her hands.

I could feel Smith's gaze on me, and his delight as Todd reaching the bursting point. Ah, but I was too far up, my pu**y still riding Todd's mouth and chin, and the fluid rained down on Todd's stomach.

I smiled and dismounted, happy that Smith's direction had failed, and as satisfied by that as if I'd had my own orgasm.

I rolled off the bed and went to get some more refreshments while Todd recovered.

Rochelle untied Todd, and he stretched up, looking like an untamed beast, loose from the zoo.

"You freed me," he said to Rochelle, and he rewarded her with brisk finger-fucking, paired with intense eye contact. I used to love that, and it was just as good to watch. Rochelle squirmed and moaned like a professional finger-fuckee.

Smith and I passed back and forth his drink and watched as she came, her face all pink and scrunchy, until all at once her expression relaxed and she let out a contented moan.

Whispering, I said to Smith, "That was beautiful."

He grabbed my na**d ass and pulled me to sit on his lap. "You're beautiful," he said.

"Were you serious about wanting to see another man f**k me? Because Todd will be ready to go again in a minute. The sex shop threw some condoms in with my purchase, so we're good to go. Rochelle gave her blessing." I traced my finger down the buttons of Smith's shirt. "She said you can't have him, though." I giggled.

He rolled his eyes. "That hairy ass? When I can have your sweet strawberry pie? No thanks."

The other two got up from the bed and grabbed some robes from the hooks on the wall.

Todd said, "Okay if we go out on the patio and have a look at the city?"

Smith grinned and waved to the door. "My home is yours tonight. Everything of mine is yours for this evening only, to use and abuse." His eyes flicked to me briefly, those sapphires as devious as always, then back to the dark-haired man wearing his robe. "Everything."

Todd and Rochelle walked out, and a moment later, I heard the pop of another champagne cork.

I squirmed around on Smith's lap, trying to get access to his dick, but he kept swatting my hands away.

"You having fun?" he asked.

"I always have fun when I'm with you. Are you going to join us on the bed?"

"Yes and no." He wrinkled his nose. "You reek of baby powder. You should take a quick shower before the next part."

"If I do, will you f**k me?"

"I'll do you one better. I'm going to have young Todd f**k you from behind, good and hard like you deserve, and once you're moaning and panting, I'm going to put a gag in your mouth."

I pouted. "I didn't buy a gag."

"I'll find something." He pushed me off his lap. "Go. Shower."

I wasn't in the shower long before Rochelle joined me. She did a better job washing my body than I ever had. She got into all the nooks and crannies, and I do mean all of them.

We came out of the bathroom flushed pink and nude. I'd recharged with a couple shots of something-vodka, by the look of it-and was feeling relaxed and playful.

We jumped on the bed with Todd, whose body had diverted blood flow to his enormous, engorged cock.

His purple pony was ready to go once more, so we... played. I licked and sucked all kinds of skin-his, hers, and possibly my own-and my conscious thoughts all disappeared, off to their happy place.

I did get concerned at one point, when Rochelle meandered over to Smith on her hands and knees and flopped her head in his lap. He stroked her long, red hair and said things I couldn't hear. She tried to pull down his pants, but he politely declined, saying, "There's only one redhead for me."

He looked up and made eye contact with me just as Todd settled himself on top of me, his lower body between my legs. He had the condom on, and he nudged the head of his c**k between my legs. My pu**y had never felt so swollen and tight, but I was wet. Looking at Smith, watching, I had second thoughts. Was this what he wanted? Smith nodded to go ahead.

I spread my legs wider and let Todd in, one last time for old times' sake.

He filled me, and I gasped with shock. After all the buildup, after being rebuffed by Smith for so many days, and after all the damn typing work, my insides roared and mewed with pleasure. Cock. Hot, hard, wonderful cock. Skewering me.

He thrust as I rocked my h*ps to meet his pace. They say women are the life-givers, because we give birth, but first it comes from the cock. I arched my back and wrapped my legs around Todd's muscular back, trying to eat him with my body.

I'll devour you, I thought. I'll devour anyone who touches me, and I'll burn them up inside me.

Cool hands stroked my hair. Rochelle's hands. Lips were on mine.

I was quiet at first, the sounds building up like a song in my chest, and then the music came out of me, gushing from my throat, and I didn't care who heard.

My orgasm began to blossom inside me, like pointed flower buds, tickling and straining.

I opened my eyes, expecting to see Smith, but found only brown eyes above me. Todd. And he had that loving look he always got during sex. I turned my head to the side and closed my eyes, trying to sober up and to not see him inside my mind, but he was in there, inside me in more ways than one.

Someone suggested a position change, and I shoved Todd away clumsily, rolling onto my knees with my ass in the air. This was better, less intimate. Slim fingers slid in and out of my pu**y, not quite hitting the right places. I swallowed my complaints for a moment, until my flower buds threatened to wilt, and I turned my head and politely ordered Todd to f**k me.

"Huh?" he said.

"Todd. Fuck me like that time in Mexico."

Bless his heart. He knew exactly what I meant, and a moment later, he was railing me hard from behind, and I was starting to come, gripping the bed sheets and panting, the arteries in my neck throbbing.

Someone was talking, but I couldn't tell who. I opened my eyes, trying to get my bearings, even though all I wanted to do was roll down that grassy meadow of bliss and feel my body clench with orgasm.

The three of us were still on the bed, and I was on my knees, facing the foot of the bed. Facing Smith. He was so close, he could reach out and touch me if he wanted.

I made eye contact with him, and tried to send him a message with my eyes. Is this what you want? To see another man f**king me like a wild animal? Does this make you happy? Are you satisfied that I'll do anything you ask?

Smith licked his lips and set his drink aside. He pulled off his shirt as he stood, and then stepped the short distance toward me, undoing his pants.

My heart was thumping with that I'm-in-trouble panicky feeling. What was happening?

He pulled down his shorts, and I understood.

The gag.

Between ragged breaths, I muttered, "If you wanted to gag me, you could just stick your necktie in my mouth."

He gazed down at me, though it was hard to maintain eye contact with Todd pounding away, his hands slipping constantly on our sweat.

Smith said, "Is that what you want? A piece of fabric in your mouth?"

I dropped my jaw to open my mouth wide in answer.

He stepped forward and guided his erection into my mouth.

I think Rochelle squealed and clapped with excitement, but there was so much going on, I could barely tell what side was up.

Todd grunted, letting me know he was coming. His c**k got so hard and big inside me, pulsing as he ejaculated.

My garden of bliss rocked into bloom, petals opening wide, and I came.

Flesh on flesh. Skin. Sweat. Clenching and shaking.

This orgasm was so huge, it either blinded me or shut down my eyelids, because I couldn't see anything but blackness and flashing stars.

The man attached to the flesh in my mouth gasped, and then he was with me, coming in my mouth like a volcano erupting.

My throat tightened and released as I let out another moan and came again as I sucked and swallowed.

Time slowed, then sped up, and I came back down to Planet Earth, from wherever I'd been.

Both of the guys eased out of me, and it felt strange to suddenly have my body back to myself again. I swung my legs around and sat on the edge of the bed, catching my breath. I stared up at Smith as though nobody else was in the room.

He rubbed his knuckles on my cheek. Softly, he said, "Was that good?"

I kissed his hand. "Yes. Did you have fun?"

He grinned and pulled away to retrieve his pants and quickly pull them up. "This has to go in the book," he said.

From behind me, Rochelle said, "What book?"

Rochelle. I'd forgotten she was even there, and the sound of her voice irritated me.

Smith picked up his shirt from the floor and moved toward the door. "I'm going to hit the hay. I'm not as young as you kids."

I glanced behind me on the bed to see Todd, looking more than a little embarrassed, trying to cover his crotch with a pillow. Every threesome or foursome has an awkward moment, and this was ours.

Todd cleared his throat in the silence, the sound of it like a drop of gravy on a new tablecloth. By the look in Todd's eyes, I guessed he was trying to remember where his clothes were and plotting a mental bee-line for the exit.

Smith continued, "Tori, you and your friends can stay up as late as you want. Ask them if they want to sleep over. We have plenty of towels."

I frowned at him. What was up with the patronizing tone?

Rochelle tittered and said, "Sure, Dad."

Smith's face froze, as though he was deciding how to take that. My heart practically stopped in that instant, and a wave of guilt washed over me so fiercely, I feared I might vomit.

Then Smith broke into a laugh. "Dad!" He pretended to slap his knee. "Good one, Rachel."

"Rochelle," she said.

He nodded as he walked away. "Right. Have fun, kids."

And then he was gone.

I heard the door to his room close, and I didn't have to hear the click to know it was locked.

When I turned back again, Todd was already out of the bed, slinking toward the bathroom with a soggy condom in hand.

"You guys can stay here tonight if you want," I said to Rochelle.

"I appreciate the offer, but we have a room here. It's a few floors down, but it's probably more our speed, you know?" She winked at me. "I gotta say. You're a lot more fun than I expected. I thought you were all talk, no action."

"People change," I said.

"But how are you? Really? Smith Wittingham seems... almost like a normal person."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

She gave me that knowing look only an old friend can give you.

"Oh," I said. "He is worth a few billion dollars. That's gotta change a person."

"So, what are you getting out of this arrangement? Is he your sugar daddy?"

I squished my face in disgust. "Do people actually say that? Sugar daddy?"

"What else would you call it? You're young and broke; he's old and rich. Those shoes you were wearing at the concert are probably worth more than my car."

"I'm not using him for his money," I said.

"What kind of jewelry has he given you?"

I heard the sound of the shower turning on, so I resigned myself to at least ten more minutes of post-orgy small talk with Rochelle.

"No jewelry," I said, opening the bed and getting under the covers.

This conversation was horrible enough without me being naked, with my bare tits comparing themselves to Rochelle's bazoombas.

"Get some jewelry, or better yet, cash," she advised. "When the heat cools, you'll be glad to have some assets."

"Don't be so crass."

She picked one of Todd's dark chest hairs off her breast. "Bit late for that after the three-way." She gave me a crooked grin. "How did you meet, anyway?"

"I actually started off doing some typing work for him, and then it sorta turned into dating."

She fluffed the other pillow and crawled into the big bed next to me, but thankfully not touching me.

"You're living the fantasy, Tori. I really care about Todd. He's sweet, but he's no billionaire."

I propped myself up on my elbow, feeling all the time between us disappear as quickly as our clothes had after the champagne.

"Is Todd being good to you?" I asked.

"He lets me be me."

I raised my eyebrows and swallowed, choosing my words carefully. "He always was good at letting a girl enjoy her freedom."

Concern crossed her face, like clouds blocking the sun. "Why did you guys break up?"

"He didn't tell you?"

"No, he said it was private."

I glanced toward the bathroom door, sending positive thoughts Todd's way. "He's a good guy." I adjusted my pillow and snuggled down, so Rochelle and I were face to face, like two teens at a sleepover. "We kept having the same fights. I made the mistake about telling him about... the teacher stuff." I gave her a meaningful look and she nodded. Yes, she remembered me telling her about my early sexual experiences.

I continued, "Todd kept bringing that old stuff up. Saying I had to do something about it. But I just wanted to forget."

"Guys don't understand," she said.

The shower turned off, and we stared at each other for a while, not saying anything.

Finally, she smiled and said, "But you're having fun now, right?"

"Yes," I said, and I mostly believed myself.

Todd came out of the bathroom, all steamy and shy, with a towel wrapped around his waist to protect what remained of his modesty.

He gathered up his clothes, his new girlfriend, and they left. We all had an uncomfortable series of hugs and chaste kisses by the door, because the evening wouldn't be complete without more awkwardness.

After they were gone, I walked out onto the patio to look over the city and be with my thoughts.

I was on top of the world, but floating in the vast outer space of my solitude.

I wished I smoked, because the sun was coming up, pink creeping across the horizon, and it would have been a damn fine time for a smoke.

Part 4: A Tout le Monde

In the morning, hungover with lips as dry as paper, I thought things couldn't get any worse, then I crawled out of bed and found a pair of panties stuck to my stomach. Someone else's panties.

I was a college graduate, though, so I used the skills I'd learned during first year, when binge drinking was a required course for freshmen. I brushed my teeth, but didn't spit out the suds. I quaffed them back with a cup of water, jumped up and down a few times, then got down over the toilet and shoved my finger down my throat. Up came the remains of the sins of the previous evening.

"I'm getting too old for this," I muttered to myself.

I took some aspirin, more water, and had a hot shower. As I got dressed and toweled my hair, I felt almost human again. Flashes of the previous evening flitted through my head, the images alternating between turning me on and giving me pulses of dread.

On the other side of my closed bedroom door, Smith was talking to someone-a woman. More than one woman. What the hell? I finished putting myself together and came out, my hair still damp.

He was sitting at the long, formal dining room table, reading the newspaper. To my relief, the women he'd been talking to were cleaning ladies, zipping around the room and tidying up from our party the night before.

Smith peered at me over the top of his newspaper, those blue eyes like an ocean swallowing me whole. "Good morning, princess," he said.

"Princess?"

"There's tea, of course. I think we'll take today off. No writing today."

I could feel the housekeepers' stares, their salacious curiosity.

"I might run out for a latte," I said.

"I'll have one sent up," he said, reaching for the phone.

"I need some fresh air."

He waved to the open doors. "Patio."

"Smith."

"Tori."

The housekeepers pretended not to be listening, sweeping the same spot on the floor.

"I'm in Montreal," I said. "If we're not working today, I don't want to spend all day in this hotel room."

He folded his newspaper and looked perplexed, ever the gentleman for the benefit of the strangers in the room. "Darling, I have a whole day of sightseeing planned."

"All the more reason for me to whip out and get a proper latte," I said, smiling sweetly. "Darling."

He picked up his tablet and focused on the screen, dismissing me with a wave.

I bypassed the hotel's restaurant, worried I'd run into Rochelle and Todd there, and hurried across the street and down the block. Where was I going? I didn't know, but it felt good to be free of Smith, defying his attempts to control my body and my time.

I found a coffee shop with a shaded outdoor patio, and got myself a rather strong latte.

As I was sipping my coffee, I heard a man flirting with a woman. His voice low and sexy, he said, "Mind if I join you?"

After he repeated himself for the third time, I realized he was talking to me, and it wasn't just any man, but Remi, the sexy golden-curled singer from the night before.

"I know there are other tables," he said, his French accent coming out more in his speech than it had in his singing. "But a person can not blame me for asking such a beautiful woman."

I waved to the seat across from me. "Be my guest."

"Did you have good times last night?" he asked.

"I think so. The concert was really good. You're awesome. I mean you and your band are awesome."

"Ah, yes. It was not our best. I was not my best, but I was distracted." He grinned. "I was very lucky last night, after."

"After? How lucky? Did you bring two or three girls back to your hotel room?"

He laughed, but didn't deny the idea. His blue eyes twinkled, and with his cherubic curls, he looked like a well-disguised devil.

"You must have threesomes all the time," I said.

He shrugged. "Three. Four. Life is for love."

"What's the etiquette? Is it rude to sit back and just watch?"

"No." He sipped his coffee. "Sometimes I like to watch."

I hid my dirty smile behind my cup. Talking to a stranger about sex was waking me up more than the caffeine.

"Women are my inspiration," he said. "Of course I watch."

I said, "If you loved someone, would you allow another man to make love to her?"

"Make love, no." He made a fist. "Fuck? Yes. Not every day, but... maybe. Maybe sometimes." His expression grew serious and he pushed back from the bistro table. "No, that is a lie. If I loved this woman, I would not share her with anyone." He grinned. "I would lock her away at the top of a castle. Like Rapunzel. With the long hair."

I grabbed my damp, red hair and twirled it into a rope. This man, Remi, was having a powerful effect on me that was both emotional and physical. My body tingled, and he made the rest of the world disappear when he looked into my eyes.

"You could be my Rapunzel," he said.

I was fidgeting with a sugar packet on the table top, and he grabbed my fingertips in his and stroked the top of my thumb. His touch on my hand was magnetic, drawing my energy into him.

I gazed up into his eyes, and he said something in French. I had no idea what the words meant, but I liked them. He kept talking, spinning a melodic tale, with the occasional word that sounded familiar, all the while stroking my hand. He had such a gift, and I felt like he was hypnotizing me, touching my body with his words.

Something slammed, a noisy commotion, and the table was suddenly tipping over. My coffee sprayed down my front, and I jumped up and back, tipping the bistro chair and nearly toppling myself. Remi had both hands up, palms facing his attacker, and he was gushing what sounded like apologies.

His attacker had short, silver-shot blond hair, and a strong-jawed face that currently bore the expression of a bulldog. A bulldog who just caught another dog gnawing his favorite bone.

"Fucking Smith!" I yelled, slapping him on the shoulders to let go of the younger man.

Remi had a manic expression, a howling mix of horror and laughter. As soon as Smith let go of his shirt, the man puffed up his chest and bounced from foot to foot, fists up like a boxer.

I let out a few more choice swear words, grabbed Smith Fucking Wittingham by the wrist, and yanked him away. Some people had gathered to watch the fight, and flashes went off as people took photos. Flashes?

As we walked back up the street, in the direction of the hotel, the flashes continued, and it seemed people were following us.

I stopped and turned to yell at the people,"What's your problem?"

More flashes went off in my face, and then finally my smarter brain cells sent the stupider ones the message. This just in: A famous billionaire novelist was just in an altercation with an up-and-coming rock star and maybe, just maybe, gossip rags might find that interesting.

We hurried back to the Hotel Le St. James, neither of us turning to look back. The photographers, or paparazzi I guess, didn't pursue us past the burly doorman.

I couldn't gauge Smith's mood, but it didn't seem great. I could understand how it must have upset him to see another man holding my hand and gazing into my eyes, but it wasn't like the man was na**d and plowing me from behind while I cried out in ecstasy, you know?

We got back into the penthouse, and Smith barked at the housekeepers to leave immediately.

"They're not done yet," I said, a tremor in my voice.

He started removing his belt. "Out!" he yelled, and they scurried out the door.

We were alone, and he snapped the belt in his hands.

I put my hands on my hips. "Is that supposed to scare me? Are you going to spank me?"

He lowered his chin and stared at me through his eyebrows menacingly.

A tremor of fright shook through me, and I ran. I ran for the exit, but he was between me and it, so I ran for the second bedroom, the one he'd been sleeping in.

I shut the door behind me and tried to lock it, but my hand was shaking, and it took me forever. Smith didn't even try the handle. He tapped on the door politely.

"Tori? I didn't mean to scare you. Open up."

A nervous laugh escaped my lips. I didn't know what I was feeling, what to call the emotion that was making me cover my mouth with one hand while the other hand rubbed between my legs. The rock star. The running. His jealousy. I was so unbelievably turned on.

"I have an idea," he said softly. "How about you open the door, and I give you the spanking you so richly deserve. We'll f**k each other's brains out. Then we'll go out and see some of the sights. Sun and fresh air will be good for both of us."

I kept rubbing that spot between my legs.

He tapped again. "Please? I don't want to kick this door down, but I will."

"You're bad for me!"

Softly, barely audible, he said, "Don't make me beg."

I turned the handle and clicked the door open.

There he was, already shirtless, his trousers on, but unbuttoned, a bulge visible behind the zipper.

He slapped the looped belt against his open palm. "Pull up your dress, pull down your panties, and lean over the bed."

Legs shaking, I did as I was told.

He rubbed my bu**ocks with his hands.

"That singer made you hot, didn't he? Your little pu**y's all wet."

He ran one thick finger up the insides of my thighs and then along my lips and opening.

"That's for you," I said.

He brought the looped belt down on my ass. It made a thwapping sound, but didn't hurt as much as his palm would have.

I buried my face in my hands. "The singer made me hot," I said, the devil in me putting a giggle in my voice. "If you hadn't come along when you did... I was going to seduce him."

Thwap.

I continued, "I was going to suck his big, rock star cock."

Thwap.

"And then I was going to f**k his brains out."

Thwap. Thwap.

"I wanted him to f**k me in the ass."

Thwap.

"Like a dirty girl."

Thwap.

I stopped talking and just cried out in pleasure and longing, one low moan, hugging the bed with my arms.

Smith responded by dropping the belt. Something pressed at my pu**y, something much larger than his fingers. He slid in easily on my slick juices, and I cried out in surprise as he buried himself in me.

He pumped me a few times, then pulled out and pressed the tip of his c**k against my flesh, one door away from my pu**y.

I got very quiet, unsure of what was going to happen next.

"Relax," he said. "It'll feel good."

He had both hands on my bu**ocks, massaging them, and I did try to relax.

"Good girl." He nudged down again and stroked in and out of my pu**y a few more times, his flesh rubbing against mine, then he pointed up again and the tip slid right into my tight hole.

"Oh!" And there he was, balls-deep in my ass.

He let out a low, sexy growl. "There's my princess," he said, and he began to slide more vigorously in and out.

His shaft seemed wider now, in this tighter hole, and as he pulsed in and out, the sensations shifted from specific friction and pressure to more of a whole-body tingle.

I grunted and asked him to give me more, harder.

And he did.

We adjusted positions a few times, moving all the way onto the bed, and as he balled my ass, he rubbed my slick nub with his fingers until I came. I moaned and curled into the sensation of pleasure, worrying I was going to tighten too much and hurt him, but he kept assuring me that everything was perfect. After I came, he gave me three quick, hard thrusts, and then he groaned as he came.

We lay together in silence for a few seconds, then he withdrew and slapped me on the ass, hard enough to leave a big, red palm mark.

"Let that be a lesson to you," he said, and then he disappeared to the washroom to clean up.

A lesson?

Losing my back door virginity had been insane, in the good way.

I didn't get it. What lesson? That good things happen after you flirt with strange men?

Part 5: The End of the Detective Novel

After spanking and f**king, we ventured back out of the hotel suite and spent the remainder of the day acting like garden-variety tourists. We went to a souvenir shop and bought some tacky T-shirts and big hats, and we joined a walking tour and then a bus tour.

We visited the top of Mount Royal, the mountain that gave the city of Montreal its name. The mountain was also a gorgeous park, right in the middle of the city, like Central Park in New York. I learned that the same landscape architect, Frederick Law Olmsted, was involved in the plans for both parks.

Smith and I sat on the grass and watched an eclectic group of people play their drums, called tam-tams. He wrapped his arm around me, as if I might float away with the sound of the drums if he ever let me go. The only moment he wasn't touching me was when we walked around Philips Square, and he ran into a fancy department store to use the washroom while I bought ice cream.

That night, we dined at a fancy place, and I wore nice clothes and behaved myself.

Smith seemed disappointed by my good behavior.

He asked me to tell him about the trip I took to Mexico with Todd. I got angry at him again for all his spying, but he laughed and reminded me I'd sorta mentioned Mexico during the threesome (or was it a foursome?) with Todd.

I apologized and told him about our trip, which hadn't been half as memorable as a single day in Montreal with Smith. He kept asking for more details, like what hotels did we stay in, and how many times per day did we make love.

"I don't remember," I said.

"My wife and I made love twice a day on our honeymoon."

At the mention of his wife, a hard knot formed in my belly. I looked around the restaurant in desperation for something interesting enough to change the topic.

"Twice a day," he repeated

I'd asked about her before, but now I didn't want to know. I swirled my wine and tried not to react.

"Until she got pregnant," he said.

"I didn't know you had kids."

"We don't."

He reached for the wine, refilled both of our glasses, and changed the topic to investing. He perked up as he talked about the stock market, and his love-hate relationship with high finance.

We slept together in the master bedroom that night.

In the morning, he woke me up with kisses, and we made love languidly, with both of us on our sides and him behind me, sliding in and out. It felt lazy and decadent on the expensive sheets, in the calm morning light.

We had tea and breakfast, and returned to working on the novel.

This was the thirteenth day of our engagement, and we were reaching the end.

Another nice dinner that night, almost routine.

And then it was the fourteenth. Our final day.

The detective story finished with Detective Dunham simultaneously solving the case and pleasuring two women at once. I would have rolled my eyes more, but the sex scene was pretty damn hot, thanks to some rather convincing details lifted from recent experiences.

We finished at three o'clock, earlier than expected, but he'd been narrating the end almost faster than I could type. The pace made me feel like we were Jack and Jill, tumbling down a hill of words, all the plotlines coming together in a perfect web of story to catch us at the bottom.

Smith said, "The end."

I thought he was joking, and I didn't type the words.

"The end," he repeated, pointing at the screen.

I typed the words. "Seriously?"

He nodded. "It's the best part, typing those words. Center that line so it looks nice."

"I thought the best part was cashing the pay checks."

"You mean the advance. Or the royalties. Authors don't get pay checks."

"Well, la dee da," I said, grinning. "I know you don't want any commentary, but I have to say I'm glad Detective Dunham got together with Sheri at the end. That's really nice."

"They'll have to break up at the beginning of the next one."

"No!"

He shrugged. "Fine, I'll have her killed. Tori, I hope you know Sheri's death is on your hands. Your murderous hands."

"Big, mean author." I swatted his butt.

Smith took my hand and led me over to the sofa in the penthouse's living room. The sun was gleaming in, and it was such a scorcher of a summer day, I could practically hear the greenery on the patio crying out for water.

Smith looked at me with those bright blue eyes that made everything else blurry by comparison.

"Tori, I want to take care of you."

I rubbed my finger down his cheek, which bore blond stubble, as he hadn't shaved in two days. "That's sweet of you, but I can take care of myself."

"I'm giving you a co-author credit. It'll be a small percent, but should give you some regular income."

We were sitting on the long sofa, facing each other. "You're dumping me," I said, my shoulders slumping.

"No."

"So, what happens after we leave Montreal?"

"First, I'm going to call my publicist." He picked up his tablet from the coffee table and showed me a gossip website, with one of the photos from the altercation at the cafe.

In the photo, my tits were popping out of my low-cut dress, and I looked cheap and easy. Remi looked like a mischievous twat, and Smith had a red, angry face. The whole thing looked incredibly trashy and scandalous.

"Oh, shit," I said. "You said they wouldn't run those, that you weren't in demand to the tabloids."

"I'm not, but you are." He scrolled the page and read aloud, "The mysterious redhead is rumored to be an up-and-coming actress, who has just gone from B-list to A-list." He gave me a twisted grin. "Ever done any acting?"

"Just for fun in college. My skills come in handy when I pretend you're not driving me bonkers."

He shook his head. "You're not very good at it."

"Thanks a lot." I crossed my legs and tried to hide my nerves.

Day fourteen. The end of everything.

My typing contract was finished, and the book was done-or at least the first draft was done, and from what I'd learned, he didn't need a typist for the next part, which he worked on with his editors.

Did he want me around? We'd been getting along so well for the last few days, and that worried me.

Smith seemed to like me better when we fought.

When we were sweet like this, I could sense him slipping away, his eyes darting around for other distractions.

"So, I'll call the publicist," he said. "And I'll tell her that I don't know you. That we just bumped into each other at the hotel, and that guy was bothering you at the cafe, so I stepped in to help you."

My heart sank. "Okay."

"Or, I can say we're dating, depending on how you feel about me in a few minutes."

His serious tone made my heart sink even faster, until my whole body was plummeting.

I whispered, "I don't understand. You're upsetting me. If this is the end, let's be honest."

"I am being honest. The truth is, I'm not a very good man."

"What?" My throat tensed and my voice came out as a squeak. "What do you mean?"

"My wife and I made love twice a day on our honeymoon, but once she got pregnant, she had morning sickness, and she said the idea of sex made her feel queasy."

I reached for a pillow and held it to my chest. He was going to tell me why his marriage ended, and I didn't want to know. I tried to tell him to stop, but my voice didn't work.

"I accused her of not loving me, of marrying me for my money. I was sure that once the baby was born, she'd be out the door and never see me again, beyond divorce proceedings."

He leaned forward to straighten the newspapers and tablet on the coffee table, then he abruptly swept everything to the floor with a clatter and smash.

I startled, but didn't move from my spot on the sofa.

He continued, "She was nearly six months pregnant when I gave her an ultimatum. She was over the morning sickness by then, but there was always an excuse why she wouldn't touch me. She could barely be in the same room as me by then. I told her that either she submitted to me, as my wife, or she was out the door."

I hugged the pillow tightly to my chest, feeling sick myself at the idea of this ugliness. As Smith told me about the fighting that ensued, I could picture everything vividly, especially the anger on his face, because I'd seen it myself.

Finally, I interrupted him, saying, "Stop. I get it. You guys fought. That's normal. You don't have to tell me about this."

He turned to me, his eyes dark like a stormy sky. "She was sobbing as she unbuttoned her blouse."

I squirmed in my seat. "Stop, don't tell me this."

He didn't stop, though. He continued, "She cried the whole time. And you know what? I didn't feel bad. I didn't feel bad at all."

I inched away from him on the sofa, my throat constricted with pain and rage on behalf of this woman I didn't know.

He kept staring at me, but I wouldn't meet his eyes, though I felt them piercing me. "People don't change their nature," he said. "That's who I am."

"That's who you were. That's not who you have to be."

He stood up, grabbed a lamp from the side table, and threw it against the wall, where it smashed.

With his back to me, he said, "The baby was stillborn. Dead on delivery. And she looked up at me with contempt in her eyes, and she said, 'I hope you're happy. This is what you deserve.'"

I scrambled to my feet and ran to the master bedroom.

"This is what you deserve," he repeated, his voice booming.

I locked the door behind me.

I opened my suitcase, and started throwing in everything that would fit.

He tapped on the door. "Tori, I'm sorry about the lamp."

"It's fine," I called out. "I'm sure the hotel will put it on your bill and not even care." I grabbed my purse and made sure I had my wallet and passport. "You can tell them I broke it. Blame it on me."

"I might go out for a walk," he said.

Fighting to keep my voice calm, I said, "That sounds like a good idea."

"What are you doing?" His voice sounded funny, like he could see me and knew I was packing, knew I was leaving.

Calmly, I called out, "Can you just give me some personal space for a bit? Like an hour?"

"Of course," he said, sounding like Mr. Reasonable. "I'll go for my walk, and then we can figure out where we want to go for dinner. It's our last night in the city, and I want it to be memorable."

I sat on the bed, staring at the locked door, which blurred as I fought back tears.

"Tori?"

Cheerily, I said, "Sounds good. Dinner later. Let's do that."

I heard him sigh, and then walk away. A few minutes later I heard him leave.

I waited as long as I could before I bolted.

The taxi took me to the airport, and the driver tried to lighten the mood, but I didn't stop crying the whole way.

Somehow, I managed to negotiate the confusing airport packed with people, and buy a plane ticket that would get me home.

Home.

To my empty apartment, down the street from my mother.

I thought of using a pay phone to call her, but I'd checked in the previous day and said everything was fine. There was no need to worry her. I'd be home soon enough, away from... I couldn't even think his name. Away from him.

To pass the time until my plane departed, I tried to buy a book to read, but I saw his novels in the shop, and had to leave empty-handed.

I couldn't read, so I drank.

In the dimly-lit lounge, day was night and night was day, and the sign said it was happy hour somewhere.

I was teetering as I went through security, and the security staff looked at me warily.

"High heels," I said. "I usually wear flats."

I tossed my purse into the plastic bin and walked through the metal detector without a peep. I glanced up at the screen as my purse went through the machine.

"What the hell is that?" I said.

The round-cheeked woman in the security vest glanced up at the screen.

"Necklace," she said.

"But I... right, necklace."

I took my purse back and continued on my way, to the next holding area, and then on to my plane.

Once seated, I finally got the courage to open my purse.

There it was-a turquoise blue box, tied with a chocolate-brown ribbon bearing the word Birks. This was the Montreal equivalent of Tiffanys, and I knew this because we'd walked past the store on our walking tour of Phillips Square. I'd actually gone to get ice cream while he said he was running in to use the washroom.

I opened the box.

The woman seated next to me on the plane gasped. "Mon dieu!" she exclaimed, then started peppering me with what sounded like questions.

"I'll have to return it," I said, as much to her as to myself. "It's from a man who I can't have in my life."

I turned to look out the airplane's window.

The plane began to taxi down the runway, and it couldn't go fast enough to make me happy.

In my mind, I saw Smith, and all his moods. The most powerful image was the one from the photo on the website, with his face red and contorted with rage. Next to him, I'd looked weak and pathetic.

The woman asked why I couldn't have such a "generous man" in my life.

I said, "I'm done playing Cinderella, and I'm going home."

