Part 1: Rocky Horror Halloween

When I woke up Saturday morning, the memory of the previous night's booty call was slipping away like a dream.

Had I actually driven over to his fancy, suburban robot-house in the middle of the night and let an inebriated Trevor MacIntyre "make love" to me?

As I climbed out of my bed, I pulled an inch-long, curly, dark chest hair off my breast. It wasn't attached (thank goodness for that), but I was surprised by the tenacity of the little bugger. I'd had a shower at Trevor's house and thought I'd gotten all of him off me.

Holding the hair, I hesitated before tossing it in my bathroom garbage can.

I gave myself a funny look in my mirror and said, "Smarten up, girl. You're the rebound. The transition." I was too smart to get into someone who wasn't out of his ex-wife.

When I parted my fingers, the hair wouldn't drop. It was stuck to my finger. How fitting. I rolled my eyes, flicked it off, and climbed into the shower.

As I washed myself, I remembered Trevor's touch. His large hands, roaming and pillaging my body. His thick fingers caressing my br**sts as he sucked on my earlobes. His firm you-know-what nudging politely between my legs. How eager he made me.

Damn.

I wanted him again. More seriously, though, I was concerned about him. What had driven him to get so drunk by himself on Friday night? He needed a good friend, someone to talk to.

I decided to phone him, and was so keen to do so, I nearly got out of the shower without washing out my shampoo.

The call rang and rang, then went to voice mail. Twice.

I recorded a message saying, "Hey, Trev ... Trevs. Trevor. Hey, is there a short version of Trevor? Tre? Uhhhhh."

Deleted.

"Hi. It's me. Naomi. Just wondering ... how's your head?" Pause. "I mean, how's your head feeling, not how's your ... oh crap."

Deleted.

"Trevor. Naomi calling. What was the deal with last night? You don't return my text message, and then ... what, you have to get drunk just to talk to me?"

Too angry. Deleted.

"Hi. I had fun last night." Nervous giggle. "Oh, for f**k's sake."

Deleted.

No wonder people mostly text each other; voice mail is the worst. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to figure out what to text him, either. Here's a tip: If you have to put a smiley face after something to soften it, maybe you just shouldn't say the thing that requires the smiley face.

My mother came into my bedroom while I was yelling at my cell phone.

She handed me a big mug of coffee and said, "Drink this, then come with us to the Farmer's Market."

"Not in the mood."

She raised her eyebrows and gave me her concerned-yet-stern motherly look. "Drink your coffee and get in the mood. We'll go in about half an hour."

I sipped the coffee. The smell alone improved my perception of the world by just a fraction. "Mom, I don't understand men."

"If they're hungry, feed them. If they're angry, feed them."

"What if they won't talk about their feelings?"

She leaned against the door frame of my bedroom, the way she had a thousand times over the years of talking to me about my problems. "Does a man really need to tell you about his feelings, or aren't you able to tell from how he acts?"

"Mom! Are you from the past or something?"

She came in and sat on my bed next to me. "Trevor likes you. He wouldn't have taken you for that second date if he didn't."

"I think I screwed up, though. I yelled at him because he didn't tell me he had his ex-wife staying at his house."

"Are you mad because he didn't tell you, or because she's there?"

I sipped my coffee and thought hard. "Because she's there."

"So, your problem's not actually with Trevor, is it?"

"You're just saying that because you love him."

She brushed her hand through my damp hair. "I want what's best for my beautiful girls."

"That's so weird." I held my free hand to my stomach. "I just felt my emotions shift, like, physically. There was this sensation right here, and now I feel differently about the whole thing. You're right. I don't have a problem with him. My beef is with," I breathed her name out with fire, "Roxie."

My mother pursed her lips. "I don't even like her name."

"Let's put a hit out on her."

My mother got up and smoothed out her jeans. "Farmer's Market. Twenty-five minutes."

I mumbled that I'd be ready, and as soon as she left my room, I composed the perfect text message for Trevor:

Got plans for Halloween? I need a date. Don't wear suede.

I sent the message, and then stared at the phone, awaiting a response.

Trevor finally sent me a text message back while I was at the Market with my parents. I squealed and jumped up and down, then I showed my mother, who nodded with approval.

She asked, "Will you go to a costume party?"

"I've got Rocky Horror, same as every year."

She wrinkled her face. "Oh, sweetie. You're not going to subject him to all of that are you? People throwing food at each other. So many people in corsets. Nipples everywhere."

My father interrupted her, saying, "Au contraire, my dear wife. Let him run the gauntlet. If he survives Rocky Horror with Naomi and all of her theater friends, then we know he has what it takes."

We were standing in line for pomegranates, and I hugged him and said, "Thanks, Dad!"

Just to be bratty, I stuck my tongue out at my mother.

The person at the fruit-seller's booth, a girl about my age, said, "Who's next!" and gave me side-eye for sticking my tongue out at my mother. I felt stupid and embarrassed about the tongue, excited about my date with Trevor, and scared about his reaction to the midnight show. My emotions bubbled up and rained down around me.

Thunder rumbled through the sky and it began to hail.

My father quickly paid for a dozen pomegranates and we ran for the gate to the parking lot. My pulse pounded in my head and the three of us ran wildly, as though yeti were after us, even though the hailstones weren't that big.

On Halloween, I helped my mother hand out candy to the little trick-or-treaters, though we didn't get that many kids, as the house isn't in a very family-oriented neighborhood. My parents bought the place long before all the new condo developments went in, before the real estate developers (like Trevor) changed the demographics of the area. My parents grumble about the changes, but I wouldn't say it's any better or worse now, with all the fancy coffee shops and French restaurants. Actually, I like the coffee shops.

After the batches of superheroes and fairies dwindled down to just a few who-are-they-kidding older teenagers, I retreated to my bedroom downstairs to put on my full Rocky Horror.

My parents had renovated the basement a few years earlier, planning to eventually put in a kitchen so they could rent it out. I moved down there "temporarily," and the kitchen was shortly forgotten. Occasionally, my father would peruse the newspaper and mention what rent on a bachelor unit in the neighborhood was going for, my mother would look over his shoulder and nod, and nothing more would be said. I don't think either of them was keen to have a stranger living below them.

My room was big, with a generous closet-all the better to hold my costumes.

For that evening, I had a glitzy outfit that wasn't an exact duplicate of anyone from the movie, but definitely inspired by the sexy ladies.

I wore tall, black, lace-up boots, thigh-high stockings with garters, a black leather mini-skirt, and a sparkling, copper-hued corset that shoved my boobs up to form an impressive shelf of boobage. You'll notice I didn't mention panties. Oh, I was wearing some, but they were a very special pair, given to me as a joke gift a few years ago by some theater friends at college. They weren't exactly crotchless, but they had an opening. During normal wear, the two folds of fabric crossed over-much like the front flap on mens' tightie whities-but if a girl wanted to get into a little trouble without a lot of fuss, the good parts were ... let's say accessible.

As I pulled on the thigh-high stockings, my pulse began to race with excitement. The tightness of stockings on my legs always gets me hot, and with the anticipation of a midnight show, plus the plans I had for Trevor, I was in overdrive. Alone in my bedroom, I kept posing for my full-length mirror, rubbing my hands up and down my body, pleased that the clasps for my garter were visible as bumps underneath the thin leather skirt.

I had turned around and was checking out my round, spankable bottom when the doorbell rang.

My mother was already running for the door, clomping madly overhead, so I chuckled to myself and let her have her fun talking to Trevor while I checked my makeup again. My hair was such a normal-looking color, with the shades of brown, so I'd had to compensate in other ways wild and untamed look going on. Thick, black lines ringed my eyes, set off by long, sparkling false eyelashes. My mother would hate it; I looked perfect!

I threw a ragged lace shawl over my bare shoulders and raced upstairs. I found Trevor in the kitchen, with a hammer, tapping a piece of trim into place below one of the kitchen cabinets. His black hair was different that day, gelled up into little spikes.

"And then you use the big nail to sink in the finishing nail," he said.

"Secret trick," my father said.

My mother nodded. "So smart." She turned to me. "He's so smart."

Trevor beamed. "Now you just fill the hole with a little wood fill in a matching color, and it's invisible."

Seeing Trevor with a tool, fixing that little patch of trim that was always coming loose, gave me a feeling. Like a pang. My heart squeezed and I felt a force drawing me forward, to him. A little voice in my head said, you love him.

He turned and smiled at me, and the squeezing in my chest only increased, until I thought I might faint.

My mother broke the spell, saying, "Naomi! You're not wearing that out of the house!"

I gave Trevor an exasperated look. "She's always like this. Every Halloween. I took her one year just so she could see everyone at the show dresses up."

She pursed her lips. "I was the only one there with clothes on."

Trevor placed the hammer back into my father's never-used toolbox and put one protective arm over my shoulders. "Naomi looks beautiful, as always. I'll be at her side all night." He stared down into my eyes, a good foot below his. "Wait, who is this girl?" He let go of me and stepped back.

My parents laughed. My father said, "Let's scrape off some of that shoe polish and see who it is."

"You guys!" I said.

My father said, "Sounds like Naomi."

I grabbed Trevor's big hand in mine and dragged him away. He seemed to be wearing standard Trevor clothes, though the all-black version, with a shiny black button-down shirt and black trousers. We'd texted back and forth about what to wear, and while he didn't want to wear anything silly, or get his tuxedo covered in food, we'd both agreed plain black would be just fine for him.

When we got outside the front door, Trevor ambushed me with a kiss. As his lips crushed down against mine, I giggled and mumbled into his mouth about my lipstick and getting it all over his mouth. He continued to kiss me, roughly and then softly, until I stopped protesting and went limp in his arms.

His hands stayed above my waist, simply holding me up and against him as we kissed. I could taste the wax of my lipstick, along with the taste of Trevor, of his skin. His chin rubbed against mine, but his was smooth, recently-shaved. I arched my back, pressing my corseted torso up against his. The night was so quiet and dark, I could hear the scratching sound of my sparkling bustier scratching against the fabric of his shirt.

When he pulled away from me, I was keenly aware of the cool air on the bare patches of my skin, between the tops of my stockings and my garter belt.

"You look so ..." He stepped away and looked me up and down.

I started walking to his truck, waiting for him to finish with an adjective, but he didn't. He held open the door, and after I stepped up into the tall truck, he leaned in and put one hand on my thigh.

I pulled him toward me and kissed him some more. As we kissed, his hand traveled up slowly, between my thighs. His fingers explored the tight hem of the stockings, and then fondled the fasteners for the stockings. He kept kissing me, his tongue hesitant, but his lips sure. My heartbeat pounded in my ears as I parted my legs, my body sending the signal for him to explore further.

Touch me, I thought, and he did.

His fingers moved down, rubbing in between my thighs, and then along the cotton surface of my special panties. The fingers moved up and down, exploring, and then one finger slipped through, into my wetness. His touch was searing, pushing my desire higher and higher. His fingers were slow at first, unsure, and then he pushed one fingertip into my wetness, between my folds and into me, then brought the slick finger out and up, searing again, over my clit. I moved up in my seat, tilting my hips, encouraging more. Wordlessly, he kept kissing me as he worked his fingers, faster now, in and out of me and around and around, up and across, feathering lightly and then gently grinding into my nub.

I was panting now, sucking at his lips desperately. Touch me. Don't stop.

My senses flooded and I cried against his mouth, crushing my lips to his as I came from his smooth, steady touch. He kept the exact rhythm until, gasping, I pushed down on his hand to stay still once the waves had stopped. My inner walls were still pulsing, and so I guided one thick finger inside me to feel what he'd done. The pulses went on, gradually fading as we kept kissing. He dragged his finger out slowly, tugged my leather skirt back down, and pulled away.

He gazed down at me, his gold-brown eyes bright, even in just the dim glow of the vehicle's interior dome light. Even clothed, such as I was, I felt na**d and vulnerable, and had to look away.

He gently closed my door and crossed around the back.

Before he opened his door, I said quietly to myself, "Holy shit, holy shit. Girl, what are you doing?" I don't usually talk to myself, but this was an unprecedented situation.

When he stepped up into the truck, I laughed that the gelled spikes in his hair grazed the ceiling. "You're so tall," I said.

"Hadn't noticed," he said, chuckling. "Did I mention how ravishing you look tonight?"

"No, but you did ravish me. I noticed that."

His voice innocent, he said, "Did I? Oh, you should complain to the store you bought those panties at. They seem to be ... incomplete." Still grinning, he started the engine and began driving us to the theater.

"I like these panties," I said. "I should get more pairs and completely switch over."

"It would definitely make things easier for when I visit you at your office. Or ..."

"For touring show suites," I said.

He kept grinning, his teeth glinting in the passing headlights. "I can think of so many possibilities."

I reached over and stroked my hand up his firm leg, then wiggled over in my seat so I could rub one flirty hand down between his legs. As I rubbed his bulge, enjoying the fullness of what lay beneath the fabric of his trousers, I explained where the theater was.

After a few playful squeezes, I pulled my hand away so as not to distract him too much while driving.

A few moments of comfortable silence passed, and then he said. "Sorry, were you talking just now? I didn't hear anything, because someone had her hand on my balls."

"You didn't hear me say where the theater was?"

He shook his head. "Not a word."

I folded my hands on my lap and repeated the directions. It was an older theater, for second-run movies-the type of place that wasn't so new and shiny, and didn't mind a bit of food and water being thrown around at a midnight show.

As we parked, Trevor stifled a yawn.

I said, "Past your bedtime?"

"Just getting my second wind."

"Ooh."

"You'll see. We'll give those weird panties of yours a proper testing."

"I can't wait."

He got out of the truck and ran around quickly to help me step down. We walked up to the theater doors, through the gathering crowd of people in costumes inspired by the movie as well as miscellaneous fetish gear. (The guy wearing a ball gag made Trevor's jaw drop for a second.)

It occurred to me, too late now, that the drive over hadn't exactly gone as planned.

After my late-night visit to Trevor's, we hadn't talked about what happened that night, or about the fight that preceded it. We'd texted back and forth a few times to make arrangements for that night's Halloween date, but we hadn't actually spoken.

On prior dates, Trevor had protested the very idea of talking about feelings and relationships, and I wanted to give him space, but I also wanted to know what was going on in his head. And what was the deal with his ex? Clearly he liked me, or he wouldn't be risking getting manhandled by a dozen sexed-up Dr. Frank-n-Furters in corsets. Trevor held my hand and stuck close to me as I introduced him to my actor and actress friends.

I couldn't shake my doubts, though. He liked me, but was he still in love with his ex? The woman who I thought looked, based on the one photo I'd seen, a lot like me?

I introduced him simply as Trevor, and not as my boyfriend. My plan was to keep it casual, or at least appear to be casual-not seeing other people, but not rushing into anything, either. I watched as my friends gazed up at Trevor in awe. He really was magnificent in that black shirt that matched his shiny black hair.

My coworker Chad ran up to me and whispered in my ear, "This one's a keeper."

I looked over at Chad's date, who looked like a fitness model in gold shorts.

"So he's Rocky, but what are you?" I looked up and down Chad's costume. He wore a baggy gray sweatshirt, which was quite a change from his usual fashion-forward attire, so I knew it was a costume.

He adjusted the red kerchief around his forehead. "I'm Rocky, too." He feigned a few boxing moves.

Trevor drew me closer to him. "I get it. Rocky and Rocky," he said, extending a hand. "Nice to meet you, I'm Trevor MacIntyre."

I watched the faces of both Rockys as they shook Trevor's hand. Seeing him through their eyes made him even more handsome. I'd noticed he was attractive, right when we first met, but he seemed to be getting more and more sexy as I got to know him. He'd had a beard on our first date, hiding away a smidge of that gorgeous face.

The crowd hushed, and everyone began moving through the lobby to find seats. The Rockys insisted we sit with them, and we found a nice seat, near the middle.

Once the lights went out, Trevor put his hand on my lap. So close to my panties, his hand was like a beacon of heat, promising more to come later.

I leaned over and whispered in his ear, "You're a virgin, right?"

He gave me a confused look.

The costumed actors took their places in front of the movie screen.

He pointed to the actors and said, quietly, "What's going on? Is this a play? I thought it was a movie?"

I leaned in again and whispered, "This is your first time, so I'm not going to tell you what to expect. You'll enjoy it more this way."

He twisted in his seat, looking around at everyone, with their newspapers and water pistols and bags full of props.

He kissed me on the cheek, squeezed my thigh, and settled into his seat with a shrug.

All was going well until the wedding scene, right at the beginning of the film, when the audience threw rice in the air. Someone in front of us chucked a good handful into Trevor's mouth, just at the instant he turned to ask me what was happening.

He laughed it off, but I could see him spitting out rice for quite some time.

After a bit, though, he was getting into the swing of things, even learning what to shout out at the screen. He had a big grin on his face as he yelled "Asshole!" after the narrator said Brad Majors' name.

When the Time Warp came on and everyone got to their feet to dance, he was up before I was, and when the song ended, he pulled me down on top of his lap playfully. We made out until the people behind us started to grumble.

The performers were fantastic, and it was one of the finest performances I'd ever seen. Everyone in the audience snapped their rubber gloves in perfect timing, creating the most incredible sound. Even the toilet paper roll tossing, which I'm not usually a fan of, was beautiful to the point of being damn near romantic.

Trevor and I kissed as rolls of bathroom tissue criss-crossed high over our heads like fireworks.

After the movie, Chad and his date invited us to the after-party, at a nearby loft.

We were standing in the lobby, where the lights were dim enough to keep everyone looking sexy and scary in the good way. A couple of drag queens on platform shoes walked past us, their latex and plastic clothing squeaking like pool toys.

Trevor was waffling about whether or not he wanted to go to the party, and Chad said, "Exactly how old are you? Naomi never said."

I gave him a dirty look. Of course I'd never said, since I didn't know, but now I was curious.

Trevor's eyes darted from Chad to me, then back again. "Thirty-two."

Chad whistled. "That's nearly a decade older than our girl Naomi."

I slipped one arm behind Trevor's back and wrapped the other protectively around his front. "It's just a few years," I said, giving Chad the shut-up-now look.

Trevor gazed down at me. "Let's go to the party. It'll be fun."

I squeezed him in a hug. "Just for a few minutes. Then I want you all to myself."

It was the type of party that makes you feel old and square, no matter how old you actually are, or how hip you think you look. People were talking about taking drugs I've never even heard of, much less tried.

I thought I'd know more people, but none of my friends except Chad were there, though he was the life of the party, flitting around and talking to everyone, including three really old guys with long, gray beards. The beards didn't seem to be Halloween costumers, so I wondered if they were in a band, or hired as entertainment.

One woman was playing a cello in the corner. Just the one woman-no band or anything, and she was competing to be heard over the loud dubstep music on the sterero.

Trevor leaned down and shouted near my ear, "What do you think they're paying her?"

She kept playing, utterly focused on her sheet music.

I yelled back, "Whatever it is, it's not enough!"

"Wanna dance?" He swung his arms from side to side, pretending to snap his fingers in a jaunty fashion.

"Not really."

He nodded for me to come join him.

Nobody else was dancing, but he found an empty space near the middle of the room and began to put on a show. At first, he pretended he was terrible at dancing, just joking, but then he brought out the moves. He did some fancy footwork and fast turns, surprisingly agile and flexible for a tall guy.

People stepped back to watch and give him space. He waved me over to him, so I danced up toward him, and he wrapped his arms around me.

The instant we touched, the beat changed, and the DJ in the opposite corner changed up the song, to something melodic. The sound actually blended with the cello, the two sounds clashing yet mixing.

Trevor held me close and swayed. I lay my cheek against his shoulder and enjoyed it.

"Typical DJ," Trevor said, his voice now easier to hear over the softer song. "I'm trying to show off for a cute girl and he tricks me into dancing a slow song."

"I don't mind."

He grinned down at me. "Me neither."

We kept dancing, swaying together, and I noticed something was happening in the front of Trevor's pants. It was happening in my panties as well-or at least the female equivalent-but Trevor's was hard to miss.

His firming length pressed against my stomach.

I looked up at him. "Slow dancing does it for you, huh?"

His hands tightened around my waist. "Just with you, Naomi."

"We should get out of here." I looked around at the people, some of whom looked to be high school age, just young girls with cat ears on headbands. "This party's making me feel old."

Trevor laughed, his deep voice rumbling in his chest. "I thought it was just me."

He twirled me around and pressed his erection into my back, then guided me toward the door. It reminded me of our first date, when I'd massaged his crotch with my foot underneath the table, then had to be his modesty shield on the way out.

Once outside the loft, we were in a hallway, but it wasn't the same way we came in, so we weren't sure how to get out. After deciding we didn't want to go back into the party, we tried a stairwell door.

The stairwell was cool and smelled of concrete. Through an open window, we could hear the crackle-crackle-pop of Halloween fireworks outside.

All alone now, we stopped on the stairwell and Trevor pulled me in for a kiss.

As his lips pressed down on mine hungrily, I felt his hands grip my waist, and he lifted me up one step, while staying on his.

I opened my eyes, surprised to find us eye to eye, thanks to the step. His amber eyes, flecked with black and gold, captivated me, taking away all my words and thoughts.

Kissing him again, enjoying the new angle, my hands ran over his body, up and down his strong back, and then down his front. Through the fabric of his pants, I stroked his now-firm erection, giving it a good squeeze. He was as hard as he'd ever been, and I wanted him inside me.

I took a small step out with one foot, and he slipped one hand up under my skirt. He deftly found the slit opening in my panties and pushed his finger through, gliding his finger up and down along my wet folds.

I gasped against his mouth and fumbled with his belt buckle. I left the belt done up, pulled down the zipper, and reached in through the opening for his cock. It was so hot in my hand, so na**d and velvet soft on the surface.

He pushed my hand away and pulled me to him, plunging inside me. I was gasping again, panting, which gave way to moaning.

He thrust upward urgently, driving himself into me. I heard a tapping sound, shoes on the stairs, but they were my shoes, tapping down and landing on the steps between thrusts.

My cl*t was aching, locked behind the fabric of the panties in that position. I reached between us to adjust the cloth, and as I swept my fingers across my clit, everything around me got dimmer, and there was only the two of us, me and Trevor.

He was panting now as well, sucking on my earlobe and saying, "I'm going to come."

"Oh, yes, baby," I said.

His c**k was stiff, moving easily through my wet pu**y, so eager for him.

"Damn."

I sucked on his neck and dug the fingertips of one hand into his firm bu**ocks as he drove into me rhythmically, lifting me up and setting me down. My shoes, tap-tapping the concrete steps.

With my finger on my clit, I felt myself starting to come. I relaxed into it, letting the sensation wash up and over me.

Tap tap.

He picked me up easily, and I wrapped my legs around him. He turned to the side and pressed my back against the concrete wall.

With my legs around him, he pumped into me. Through my fluttering eyelids, I saw this beautiful man, his brow furrowed with concentration. His expression changed, the lines sliding away.

His c**k was so hot, and he lost his rhythm as he let go, pulsing into me as he came.

I cried out for him to not stop, and he kept going as I also came. This orgasm was low and deep, like a bass line, and it went on forever.

When we both stopped shuddering, he pulled me away from the wall. I dropped down one leg and then the other, my feet landing on the step above his.

Trevor pulled away from me, bent over, and a second later stood up again, his semi-firm c**k tucked and zipped away in his pants already.

He raised up both arms and said, "Ta da!"

This, as you might expect, gave me the giggles so bad, I had to sit down on the step to compose myself.

Part 2: Meeting the Ex

After our fun in the stairwell, we ran giggling all the way to Trevor's truck.

Trevor started the truck and noted the time on the display. "It's past three! I can't remember the last time I was up past three."

"I kept you up about that late ... the last time I came over to your house."

"Right." He reached between us and turned up the music on the truck's stereo.

So, that was it? End of conversation? No discussion of what was happening between us?

I clicked the stereo off. "Why were you drinking that night?"

He countered me with, "Why did you come over?"

"Because I wanted to see you."

He drove in silence for a moment, then said, "Same."

"You were drinking because you wanted to see me?"

"Pretty much."

"I don't get it. Were you drinking because you were, like, sad? Or because you wanted to get up the nerve to call me?"

We slowed down to let some very drunk pumpkins cross the street in front of us.

Trevor said, "Your house or mine?"

I wanted to continue the conversation, and the drive out to his robot-house in the suburbs was much longer than the drive to mine. "Your house," I said. "Provided you don't try to rush me out in the morning again."

"Not before coffee," he said, grinning. "Apparently that's inhumane. Don't worry, I've been scolded and I learned my lesson."

I could tell he was teasing, but I still didn't like the implication I'd scolded him. That sounded like something a wife would do.

My voice sounded cold and hard as I asked, "Is your wife still staying at your house?"

"My ex?"

"Your wife. The one you're only separated from, but until you're legally divorced, she doesn't get the title of ex-wife. Not unless you're trying to slip one past other people."

He frowned. Now it was his turn to be unimpressed by implications.

"She's way off in the guest suite, at the back of the house. She won't even hear us come in, let alone mind."

"Maybe I mind. Maybe you should take me home to my house, after all."

I could hear him breathing.

He said, "Come home with me. I want to sleep beside you."

Who could resist such sweetness?

"Okay," I said.

Traffic was light, as it was so late, and we were already moving rapidly away from downtown.

I sensed Trevor twitching to turn the stereo on, so I quickly asked, "How did you guys meet? How were you married?"

"The first part is a funny story. As for how long ago, a year and a half."

"You weren't married long."

"I know," he said. "Now, as for how we met. Let's see. Roxie was working as an office manager, at the office of a place that does commercial lending. I'd come in there all the time for meetings, and she always had a bright smile for me ..."

I frowned in the dark. As Trevor kept talking, telling me about the ridiculously high heels she wore, and how she snapped a heel while she was walking him to the board room for a meeting, I thought about taking off my crotchless panties and shoving them in his mouth to shut him up.

Seriously? He was going to tell me a long anecdote about their meet-cute?

For a guy who claimed he didn't like to talk, he sure didn't mind spinning the tale of his first date with his wife.

I wanted to pop open my door and roll out onto the highway, just so I didn't have to hear another word.

Instead of stopping him, I sang Rocky songs in my head and waited for it to stop. According to the very detailed story, he ordered for her at the restaurant, but she was allergic to seafood. And then there was something else about her car not starting. And how her parents weren't that keen on him at first, but now they're the greatest of friends, and he has plans to go skiing with her brother. And on and on.

Just as I was about to go for it and pop open the door as we rounded a corner, he finished up by saying, "And that's the whole story."

As much as I'd tried to block out some of the details, unfortunately for me, I'm a very good listener, and I had a sharp, high-definition image in my head of Roxie and Trevor's early dates. I kept seeing his eyes on her, his hands running up and down her body, catching her as her heel broke, carrying her over the threshold on their wedding night.

By the time we drove into the crescent-shaped driveway in front of his house, the automated landscaping lights flicking on to welcome us, I felt like throwing up.

Trevor came around my side to open the door, and said, "Whatcha thinkin' there, Naomi?"

I stepped out, a little shaky on my feet. "I'm thinking about ... that amazing Jacuzzi tub you have."

He yawned and opened the house door. "I'm going to hit the hay, but you have a bath to your heart's content."

We both slipped off our shoes and he tossed his keys on the little table. We walked up the wide, curving staircase to the upper floor, where the master bedroom was.

It was only my third time at his house, and as I filled the tub with water while we both got ready to sleep, I was surprised by how comfortable I felt there. However, just as I got relaxed in the tub, I remembered the other woman who was also under the same roof. I hadn't toured the whole house, wasn't even sure where this guest suite was, but as soon as I imagined her, I tensed up and my pulse raced.

I could see Trevor lifting her bridal veil, could see him leaning in to kiss her to seal their vows. And then, cutting the wedding cake and mashing it into each other's mouths. Surely they had enacted those rituals for the photographer.

Trevor had been married. He'd had a wife, and now, instead of her, I was here. In what had been her bedroom. Bathing in the tub she'd probably picked out. About to crawl into bed next to her husband.

My mind strayed to a very dark place, and I imagined waking in the middle of the night to find her standing over the bed, a big knife poised to stab into me.

That part was crazy, and I knew it, but I still deeply regretted coming to Trevor's house.

I got dried off, then I crept over to the bedroom door and locked it from the inside. Satisfied with my smart thinking, I crawled into the king-sized poster bed next to a slumbering Trevor.

It was nearly five in the morning the last time I checked the clock before falling asleep.

In the morning, I reached for Trevor, but he was already up. The door was open, and I could hear him talking, probably on his cell phone in the kitchen.

Getting dressed was a challenge. I'd rinsed out my underwear the night before, so at least they were clean, but my short, leather mini-skirt and copper-hued bustier didn't seem like appropriate day wear. I went to Trevor's dresser and pulled open the drawer most likely to contain T-shirts, feeling guilty about snooping in his things.

I selected a plain, black T-shirt and paired it with my mini-skirt. The shirt was enormous, but I cinched the bottom in a knot, and it actually looked cute. I used my lace shawl from the night before and tied it around my waist, adding a little more coverage to the tops of my bare legs. I tucked the garter and stockings in my purse, put on some makeup, and came downstairs.

Trevor was, indeed, in the kitchen, and the good news was a pot of coffee was brewing. The bad news was we weren't alone. A petite woman with dark brown hair in a pixie cut was slicing fruit at the kitchen island, in the middle of the large, gleaming, all-white kitchen.

She looked up at me, her huge blue eyes wide and doll-like. Her expression became warm, genuinely joyful, and she said, "You must be Naomi!"

She wiped her hands on the kitchen towel and reached out to shake my hand.

Trevor was sitting on a kitchen stool at the island, looking pale and guilty.

My underarms prickled with nervous sweat, but I shook her hand and tried to smile. "Roxie?"

She glanced at Trevor, then back at me. "Roxanne, but my friends call me Roxie."

My stomach lurched. What did she mean? Everything was a blur as she got me a mug and poured my coffee, chatting away about what fruit was in season. What had she meant and what was I supposed to call her? I decided to make a statement.

"Thank you, Roxie," I said. That was it. I'd decided we were friends, and it was up to her to declare otherwise.

She simply smiled back.

With that, Trevor seemed to relax. He patted the stool next to him, but I took a seat closer to where I was standing, with a seat in between us.

Roxie said, "I'll be out of your hair in a minute." As she moved around the kitchen, I noticed she was limping, so at least the sprained ankle was true. Still, she didn't seem to be having too hard a time getting around, and I couldn't see how stairs at her townhouse were such a problem that she had to move in with my boyfriend.

I said none of this as I sipped my coffee.

She looked different from my imagined version of her-older, maybe forty, and not perfect. She had some acne scars on her cheek, and while she was still a lovely woman, spotting those flaws made me feel better. Some of her hair was gray, and I didn't think the haircut was that flattering. Still, she had an enviable figure, with a tiny waist. I tried not to look at her small waist, but my eyes disobeyed me.

After some more chit-chat about fruit and her plans for the day (shopping for curtains), she left us, but not before an awkward goodbye. She hugged Trevor and kissed him on the cheek, and then she did the exact same to me.

I waited until I heard the front door close, then I turned to Trevor and said, "I'm getting a very sister-wife feeling right now. Like one of those reality TV shows about polygamists."

"I'm sorry," he said. "I was hoping she'd be out of here before you woke up." He grabbed me and hauled me off my chair and onto the one next to him. With his arm still around me, he said, "It's not fair for her to see you coming down from my bedroom, looking all adorable and sexed-up in my T-shirt!"

I smiled at the compliment and cuddled in to him.

"Tell me she's moving back out for good soon. She seems nice and everything, but ... I don't want to share you."

He answered by kissing me and pulling me closer.

I moaned into his mouth and surrendered to him, enjoying the touch of his warm hand traveling up between my bare thighs. I shifted to let his fingers travel all the way up.

"Sorry!" Roxie said, bustling into the kitchen.

We pulled apart quickly, my face hot with embarrassment.

She had one hand up to cover her eyes as she grabbed the plastic containers of cut fruit off the counter. "Just forgot these. I'd forget my head if it wasn't attached. Don't mind me, I'm not even here."

Thankfully, this time we didn't go through the hug-and-kiss-goodbye ritual.

A moment later, the door slammed.

Trevor craned his neck down for another kiss, his hand returning to the spot between my legs, but this time I clenched my legs together to stop his fingers from roaming.

I pulled back and picked up my coffee.

He nodded, got up, and turned on the stove. He pulled out a cast-iron skillet and started cracking eggs for an omelet.

I asked him, "When did you guys separate?"

He swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down.

"Trevor, it's a one-word answer. We don't need to have a big talk. Just name the month."

"February."

"Seven months ago."

He nodded.

"And when was the last time you two slept together."

This one took longer to answer.

Finally, he said, "March, but it was a mistake. She hadn't moved out yet, and there was a storm. The power was out, and ..."

"And you guys had sex because what? Because you were bored and there was no TV or internet?" After I asked, I felt bad for how disgusted my tone was.

He nodded. "Basically."

I took a deep breath and sighed. "Actually, I can live with that. If it's really true. I can understand you guys hooking up one last time for old time's sake, especially in a power outage. What I can't live with is the idea of you still being in love with her."

"I'll always love her."

He poured the egg mixture into the sizzling pan.

That wasn't what I wanted to hear. Part of me wanted to rip off the borrowed T-shirt and storm out of there in a huff. Another part of me wanted to stay, eat the omelet, and take Trevor back to bed and make love to him.

And then, Trevor said something that shocked me.

He pulled out a spatula, looked me right in the eyes, and said, "I have a lot of love to give. There's plenty more for you."

My armpits prickled once more with sweat. He hadn't said he loved me, but he'd hinted at it. Or something. I was so confused.

Being the cool chick I am, I changed the subject. "What kind of omelet is that?"

He grinned and turned back to the stove to flip it. "There are different kinds of omelet? It's just egg with a bit of milk and salt and pepper. But we have lots of toppings to put on it, like salsa, and sour cream, and bacon bits."

I laughed. "Bacon bits? You mean like for baked potatoes?"

He winked at me. "Try something new. You might like it."

I agreed to try the omelet with bacon bits. Maybe I would like it. I hadn't wanted to go out on a blind date with Trevor in the first place, but now I was hanging out at his house, wearing his clothes, even meeting his wife over a casual breakfast. Who knew what the future would hold?

Part 3: Office Christmas Parties Are the Worst/Best

A week after Halloween, Roxie moved back out of Trevor's house. I hadn't bumped into her there again (thanks to careful planning on my part), but I was so relieved.

Trevor and I saw each other all through November. We went for walks together, saw movies, and he even came to the Farmer's Market with me and my parents one Saturday. He and my father talked each other's ears off about landscaping and local plants. My mother kept her hands off him, but she did gaze up at him in adoration a few times, which I found really sweet. I definitely didn't get the vibe she was after him, but I still teased her a bit about her "crush" anyway, just to get back at her for all the teasing she'd given me over the years.

I enjoyed dating Trevor, though he did frustrate me at times. He really did find the idea of talking about his feelings excruciating.

Aside from relating the story of how he'd met Roxie, he didn't breathe another word about their life together. From the one-word answers he gave, I learned that they'd dated for a year before getting engaged, then had a one-year engagement, and got married on the second anniversary of their first date. The wedding was two years earlier, and they'd split in February after a year and a half of marriage.

I was relieved that Trevor didn't count the separation time into his account of how long they'd been married. It was just a small detail, but it really helped me feel more comfortable that it was truly over between them.

By December, we'd fallen into a routine. We'd spend the whole weekend together, and alternate weekdays. More and more of my clothes and things migrated over to his house. He had two large closets in his bedroom, and he gave me one all to myself.

My mother commented that we were living together, based on how few days I spent at home, but I denied it. "I don't have a key," I said.

She just twisted her lips and said, "Don't accept a key. Get a ring."

I laughed and teased her for being old-fashioned, but she did make a point. There was no need for me to take a key anyway, so I decided not to worry about it. After two months, there was certainly no rush.

And how did I feel? Oh, I loved him.

I hadn't told him this, but the feeling had snuck up on me, getting stronger each time I saw him. I'd considered telling him a thousand times, especially since he always asked me what I was thinking, often when I was thinking about how I loved him. He hadn't said it, though-hadn't mentioned anything about love since that morning over the omelet. I was not going to be the person who said it first. Not this time. I'd been first with other boyfriends, and those had never worked out. Maybe I was being superstitious. Maybe I was just being stupid.

My feelings for Trevor were so strong and pure, I felt like those times I'd said it to other boys had been lies. I hadn't actually loved them so much as I'd wanted to be loved. Those other guys had been mistakes, but Trevor didn't feel like a mistake at all.

One Sunday dinner, one of the ones Trevor didn't join us for, I actually gave my sister heck for not setting us up sooner.

She thought this was hysterical, but there was a glint of disbelief in her eyes. She still wasn't convinced this wasn't just a transitional relationship, a rebound for him.

December came, and things at my job got crazy. My accounting work and collection calls were under control, but we were doing a production of The Nutcracker, and somebody must have named the Scottish Play in the green room, because we were cursed with problems.

We had a small fire in our off-site storage warehouse, destroying props and costumes and even parts of the set. Everyone from the office upstairs was pressed into helping out downstairs, and yours truly spent three days hand-painting snowflakes onto backdrops. I didn't mind, because it was a nice change from my regular desk-work, and I love the theater. I'd actually been a back-up dancer for the same production a few years earlier, which was how I'd made some contacts for my office job.

Eight days before The Nutcracker opened, calamity hit once more. The lead dancer broke her arm and some ribs pulling a daredevil stunt, skateboarding behind a car for a YouTube video, of all the stupid things.

The understudy was bumped up, and then, two days before opening night, the Mono hit. Six dancers down with Mono, just like that.

I was touching up some snowflakes when the director approached me.

He looked me up and down and asked me what size leotard I wore.

"You're kidding," I said.

"Naomi, you know the routine. You're a great dancer. Come on, it'll be fun."

"Let's pretend we both don't know damn well I'll do it, and you keep giving me compliments."

"You're so beautiful," he said, grinning. The director was a small man, barely taller than me, with a bulbous nose that made him look like a Christmas elf, and he was utterly irresistible when he smiled. "You have the loveliest legs I've ever seen. Your knees are utter perfection."

"Keep going." I laughed and kept painting snowflakes as the butterflies fluttered in my stomach. I did know the routine, but I'd need to work hard to get ready, and I'd be the out-of-breath dancer hiding in the back row, but the idea of being on stage thrilled me.

That afternoon, they fitted me with my costume. I got in trouble from the hair and makeup people for having my hair in a chin-length bob. They had to use a ton of bobby pins to press up the short bits, and an extension to give me a proper bun.

It wasn't exactly a Broadway production, but I was proud of my theater co-workers for all taking their jobs so seriously.

Even as people murmured about swollen glands and the possibility of more people falling ill, everyone kept repeating, "The show must go on!"

I still had my dress rehearsal makeup on when I went to Trevor's office Christmas party. Because my sister also worked at the real estate development office, she grabbed me when I walked in the door. The party was in a banquet room at an upscale hotel, and everyone seemed really serious.

Nikki gave me a crooked grin and said, "Got enough makeup on, kid?"

I grabbed her head and smeared my blush-covered cheek against hers while she squealed. Some gray-haired guys in suits turned and stared.

I recognized a few people, including some of Nikki's friends, and the real estate agents who'd been at the show suite Trevor and I had "toured."

"Bar?" I asked.

She pointed, and I saw there was a lineup and only one bartender. I said, "Hey, look, is that whats-his-name over there? That actor guy you love?"

Nikki turned, and I grabbed the gin and tonic from her hand and downed it in one gulp.

"You're such a brat," she said.

"Merry Christmas!" I hiccuped.

We moved through the crowd of people in suits, until we found Trevor. He was clapping another man on the back and both were laughing heartily. I stood silently, wondering if he was going to claim me, to make it official and all. His whole office knew we were dating, but few of them had seen us together yet.

He didn't leave me hanging for long. He stretched out one long arm and beckoned me to come join him, then introduced me to his colleague.

I was bursting at the seams to tell him all about rehearsal and how excited I was about dancing in The Nutcracker the next day. It wasn't a ballet production-I'm not that talented!-but a family-friendly version with some modern dance routines, a bit of physical comedy, and one scene performed with puppets. My muscles were aching from the high kicks at rehearsal, and I was going to be popping Ibuprofen like candy, but the excitement was bubbling in my veins.

After only two days, I was already re-evaluating my life and career. I didn't want to work in an office anymore. I wanted to sing, dance, and act, and the first person I wanted to tell was not my sister for a change, but Trevor.

He squeezed my hand, but kept talking to the other man about negotiating height restrictions with the city. Finally, he turned to me and said, "Naomi, if this talk is dull for you, you can mix and mingle."

I stared up at his professionally-cool expression. I didn't know whether to apologize for having been standing there with a bored look, or to take him at face value. I didn't want to embarrass him in front of clients, so I mumbled something about my sister needing company and wandered off, feeling like a jackass.

I found the ladies' room and wiped off most of the stage makeup. At least it was a fancy hotel washroom, with baskets full of toiletries, soft tissues, and cold cream.

As I was fixing my hair, the lady real estate agent who'd been at the show suite came in, laughing and talking with a girlfriend. As soon as they saw me, they both clammed up instantly.

They went into the bathroom stalls and I stepped back to examine myself in the mirror. I wore a simple, navy blue dress and matching pumps. With the excess makeup taken off, I looked respectable enough. So why did I feel like "the young floozy" dating the boss?

I stared into my eyes in the mirror, and then my gaze traveled down a pretty little card tucked into the basket of toiletries: Believe in yourself and the limitations of life drop away.

It was true. I believed I could dance all my parts in the play. I just had to believe I could be more than a transitional girlfriend for Trevor, but a real partner.

I left the washroom and found him, where he was still talking to the same gentleman.

This time, I listened closely to their conversation, and when there was a lull, I asked the man a question.

The man, a Mr. Charles, seemed all too delighted to explain to me about preserving the character in heritage neighborhoods. I love old houses, so the conversation flowed naturally. I barely noticed Trevor getting closer and closer to me, until he was standing right at my side, one arm casually around my back.

When the conversation with Mr. Charles concluded naturally, Trevor and I walked away, and he gave me one quick look that said it all. I'd done well.

When we sat down for dinner, sharing a table with my sister and a few other friendly people, I leaned over and whispered in Trevor's ear, "You look so sexy in your suit."

He then whispered in my ear, "I bet you can't wait to take it off."

"It's a shame it's such a long drive back to your house. I don't know how long I can wait. Maybe we can borrow the coat check room for a few minutes?"

"Only a few minutes?" He nibbled my earlobe.

"That's all I need. You set me on fire, baby. I swear you just touch me and I'm coming for you."

He growled, his voice low and rumbling in his chest, and his hot hand moved possessively up my thigh. At his touch, desire pooled in my body and my pu**y tingled with energy.

Suddenly, I remembered I had an early-morning call time, and I wasn't planning on going all the way out to his house that night.

I pulled my face away and broke the news. He looked devastated, then excused himself from the table.

The waiters came by with our steaming food, and we all got started.

Trevor came back, grinning.

He didn't say a word, but slipped something into my hand under the table.

I pulled it out from under the tablecloth. A keycard. He'd booked us a room at the hotel.

"Oh, you shouldn't have," I said, concerned about the cost.

He raised his eyebrows and gave me a devilish look.

"But I'm glad you did," I finished.

After dinner, the lights in the banquet room dimmed, and the party got a little more festive. The office manager had organized some games, and we did some relay race activities that included a speed-gift-wrapping competition. I won the gift-wrap segment, and Trevor cheered for me like I was winning the Olympics, and not a plastic mistletoe ornament.

After the games, the music got turned up and people started dancing. Trevor and I made it through three songs, but the third one was a slow song, and as he pressed against me, I could tell he was thinking about the hotel room waiting for us upstairs, and all the things he was going to do to me.

I couldn't keep my hands off him, so I begged him to take me away before I embarrassed both of us in front of his co-workers.

He wrapped his arms around me and reached down to scoop both of my butt cheeks with his hands. "It's a Christmas party. Somebody has to do something outrageous."

I pressed my body against his. "One more minute and I'm going to stick my little champion-gift-wrapping hands down your trousers and fish around for something to tie a bow around."

His eyebrows shot up. "We should check on that hotel room. Make sure it's acceptable."

"Sure."

"We can always come back down to the party."

My tone joking, I said, "Sure we can. That's totally going to happen."

He ducked his head and looked both ways, then grabbed my hand and we snuck out without even saying goodbye to anyone.

We got in the elevator and he pressed the button for the top floor. My heart swooped with excitement as the elevator whooshed us up. I love that feeling when you reach the top, and you're light as air for an instant before you come to a stop. The sensation in my guts was a lot like the one I got when Trevor looked at me-a fluttering, like my heart had wings.

We walked down the hall, holding hands, and Trevor cursed the keycard for not working on the first try.

I snaked my arm around his waist and slipped between him and the door. "Guess you'll just have to ravage me in this hallway."

He dropped to his knees and pushed the hem of my dress up, then kissed my mound through my panties, his breath hot.

I moaned and rested my head back against the door. "We should stop," I said. "But don't."

He massaged me with his lips and tongue, and then used one hand to pull my underwear to the side. He proceeded to lick up and down my lips, then slid the tip of his tongue around and around my nub. It seemed so natural to him, to pleasure me so easily. One hand was on my buttock, the other gently probing inside me, and he licked me so hard I saw stars.

I gasped, then said, "Save some for the room. I don't want to come out here in this hallway. I want you inside me."

He gave me one more incredible lick, and then two more. He would have kept going until he had me shuddering on his tongue and finger, if I hadn't pushed him away.

I tried my keycard in the door, and this time it worked.

Inside the room, we fumbled in the dark, each trying to undress the other at the same time. I was so hot from him licking me in the hallway, I was practically growling with frustration at how many buttons he had on his shirt.

We got na**d and he pulled down the hotel bed covers and jumped on the white sheets. "Is this okay?" he asked as he switched on one of the lamps. "I want to see your beautiful body."

"Sure." I got up on the bed and crawled toward him like a panther.

He squirmed and said, "Sorry you have to look at me in this light." He reached for the lamp, but I grabbed his arm.

"What are you talking about?"

He patted his stomach. "I'm not the skinniest guy. I know that. Not like all those tight bodies on all your friends and everyone at the theater."

"Like who?"

"Like your friend Chad, and all those other people in the Nutcracker. I don't think there was five pounds of fat between the lot of them."

I laughed because it was true, but stopped laughing when I realized Trevor was serious.

I straddled him, rocking my pu**y against his semi-firm erection. He'd been hard in the hallway, but something was distracting him.

"Trevor, I sometimes sense you pulling away from me. I always assumed it was because of your marriage, your baggage from that. Are you telling me you're embarrassed about your beautiful body?" I ran my fingers through his curly, dark chest hair and over his taut ni**les.

"I don't look like a calendar model," he said, frowning. "I don't have a perfect body like you."

"But you do. You do have a perfect body. You're strong, and you're healthy. You haven't had so much as a cold in the time I've known you. You're incredibly handsome, and all the women in your office have a crush on you ... except my sister, of course, but she doesn't have good taste like I do."

He turned his head to the side and closed his eyes as though blocking me out.

I leaned forward, resting on my arms against his broad chest, and stared at him silently until he opened his eyes and looked at me.

"You are perfect," I said. "In every way. I love your body. I love your smile. I love everyone about you." My eyes started to water. My voice was shaking. "I love you, Trevor."

His chest shook as he took in a deep breath, almost like a sob. "You don't have to say that."

"I know. But I did. And I mean it."

He put his big hands on either side of my face and kissed me. "I love you too, Naomi."

A drop of water landed on his cheek, and I wiped the tears from my eyes.

"Oh no," he said.

"I'm fine." I sniffed. "These are happy tears."

I mashed my lips into him and kissed him, tenderly. We kissed and kissed, and I felt his passion for me growing. I was up high on his chest, so we were lip to lip, and he curled his torso up and nudged me down. I felt the head of his c**k between my legs, stiff and pushing against my entrance. I wriggled some more, and slid down on him, gasping at the sudden fullness.

I'd had my period the week before, so we hadn't been together like this for what felt like an eternity. His big, stiff c**k always felt so surprising inside me, but just for a moment. All my nerve endings in my pu**y lit up happily and sang his praises as he rocked me up and down on him.

He kept rocking his h*ps under me, pushing a little at a time, easing in. As it always did, his c**k felt so, so, so good. From cl*t to back was tingling, alive, my pu**y so full and deliciously stretched.

Soon he was all the way in, filling me to maximum pleasure, and I felt the tickle of his balls against my crack. I quickened the pace as I felt my orgasm coming, until I was riding him in a desperate fashion, panting and moaning, slipping up and down.

I didn't even realize he was also coming until he made a noise, a moan, and then as he came inside me, my orgasm rose up and shot through me like fireworks.

I was upright by now, on my knees, rocking my h*ps back and forth. He arched his back and pushed up like a bridge underneath me, supported by his heels and his shoulders. His face was so beautiful as he came.

At least, we sank back down into the bed, and I collapsed onto his chest so I could kiss his neck and chin.

"Wow," I said. "You were like a real ... rodeo bull or something there for a minute."

He opened his eyes and gazed down into mine. "I know! That was just ... oh, Naomi, that was incredible."

I rolled myself off him and snuggled up higher on the bed on my side, resting my cheek on his outstretched arm. I twirled my finger through his chest hair.

"That was different," I said. "I guess we were ... making love?"

"Maybe," he said, rolling to face me. "I think I felt more free, because for the first time in years, I stopped worrying about how I look."

"Really?"

He kissed me. "It's all you, Naomi. I love you. Cute, adorable, sexy, fun, smart, sassy ..."

"Don't stop."

He kissed me on the forehead, the nose, and then the lips, lingering.

"Should we go back to the party?" he asked.

"Do you wanna go back?"

"I probably should, since I'm the boss." He pulled his hand away, got up from the bed, then grabbed the top linens from where they'd crumpled to the floor and jumped back in next to me, yanking the covers up over us. "Fuck it," he said. "I'm the boss, which means I don't have to go."

"Ooh, the boss." I rolled in closer to him. "You can boss me around any time. I'll do anything for you, Mr. Boss Man."

His tone got more serious, and he said, "Tonight, though, you have to sleep. It's your big day tomorrow, and I don't want to see you yawning up on stage during the sugar beet dance or whatever it's called."

I smiled. "Sugar plum fairy?"

"That could work too," he said.

Part 4: The Nutcracker

Trevor came to see me on opening night. I managed to sneak out in a trenchcoat and say hello to him before the show. I found him in the lobby with my parents, enjoying a glass of wine.

"Oh, I wish I could have one," I said, taking a deep sniff of the wine.

"After the show, I'll buy you a whole bottle," my father said.

Nikki wasn't there that night, but she was coming to one of the upcoming weekend matinees. I'm not one of those people who twists everyone's arm to come see her perform, but I admit I do enjoy the shows better when a loved one is in the audience.

Trevor gave me a hug and said, "You should know, I'm not a virgin. I've seen The Nutcracker before."

My parents looked confused, so I explained, "When you see Rocky Horror for the first time, like Trevor did, you're a virgin."

My mother put her hands on her h*ps proudly. "I'm definitely not a virgin!"

A few people turned and gave us funny looks.

"I should go." I gave them all hugs, and then Trevor handed me something he'd been holding behind his back: a bouquet of red roses.

He said, "I can hold them for you after the show, if you want."

I snatched them from his hands. "And miss showing them off right now to the other girls? No way."

The performance went well, considering how many people had been shuffled around. One of the women in my group looked about sixty, but the woman could dance and sing, and she kicked my out-of-shape butt.

We performed the Waltz of the Snowflakes, and I was shocked to realize the show was half over. Time had flown so quickly on stage. We all hydrated and changed costumes as the stage hands cleared the sets. I had barely caught my breath, and we were dancing the Waltz of the Flowers, with an army of pre-teens from a local dance school. For some of them, it was their first big performance, and I felt so much joy to share in their excitement.

Yes, mistakes were made. A few people missed their cues, and my nose told me one of the daisies may have peed his or her pants. At least they were cute.

We finished, took our bows, and then the stage manager, Roger, came running over to me.

He said, "We have a Nutcracker down. Do you think your big boyfriend would mind putting on the costume and sitting for some photos with the kids?" He pressed his palms together. "Oh, please, please, please, say yes."

"I can ask. And his name's Trevor."

He held one hand over his chest and bowed. "Oh thank god."

I ran out, still in full costume as a flower, and found Trevor. I explained the situation.

My father said, "I'll do it."

"I'm sorry Dad, but the costume won't fit you. Our guy who plays the Nutcracker for appearances with the kids is very tall."

Everybody turned to look at Trevor.

"Of course I'll do it," he said.

We rushed him backstage, and quickly got him suited up. The kids in the lobby were already lining up, and some were cranky, as it was past their bedtime.

I left him in capable hands, got my makeup scrubbed off, and changed into some comfortable jeans.

When I returned, Trevor was already out in the lobby, greeting kids. I stood off to the side and watched him. He looked so handsome in the costume, from the tall black hat to the red jacket, fake sword at his side. They'd put eyeliner in exaggerated lines around his eyes, darkened his already thick eyebrows, and added round circles of red to his cheeks. As he was clean-shaven, they'd glued on a big, black mustache that curled up at the ends.

He looked like a dashing soldier, and my heart pounded in my chest when he looked up and made eye contact with me, his golden-brown eyes sparkling as he joked around with the kids.

Our regular kid-greeting Nutcracker was back to work the following night. It turned out he hadn't broken anything or succumbed to Mono; he'd simply gotten his dates mixed up. This Nutcracker was good, but he was goofy, and Trevor had played the part straight and serious.

The weird thing is, after seeing Trevor in that red jacket, and getting so turned on by seeing him play the role, I could barely look at the red jackets without getting turned on.

After our final performance, I talked to the costume designer and managed to borrow the tall-fitting red jacket and a hat.

On Christmas Eve, I went over to Trevor's house for the night. I told him to put in the contents of the bag I'd brought over and wait for me in the bedroom.

I ran off to the other upstairs bathroom and got changed into my costume. I'd adapted some things from my personal collection, mixing them with pieces from my wardrobe for the play. I basically looked like a very slutty sugar plum fairy.

As I skipped down the hall, I hoped Trevor was as turned-on as I was.

I knocked on the bedroom door and he opened, his face serious and his posture stiff.

"Hello, handsome soldier," I said. "Do you know how to get to the Magic Castle on the Mountain of Sweets?"

He pointed to his crotch, his face still serious. "The Mountain of Sweets is right here." He cracked a bit of a grin. "You can suck on as much candy as you find."

"I should dance for you." I ran my hands across his broad chest and then all the way down his front, cupping, massaging, and releasing.

"Sorry, I didn't hear you. Someone was touching my balls."

I kissed him, enjoying the tickling sensation of the fake mustache on his upper lip, then I pulled back and performed a very unorthodox routine, half sugar plum fairy and half striptease. I performed several free spins and kicks, my body working from memory.

When I finished, I was in a soft, lace undershirt and the tiniest g-string panties that were just short of invisible.

Trevor stood at attention as I climbed onto his bed, rolled onto my back, and kicked my legs in the air like fluttering stems.

"Ma'am, I'm on duty," he said.

"Soldier, I won't tell if you take a break."

He looked around, hamming it up, then whispered, "The Mouse King could be anywhere. We must always be on guard."

"Oh, I knocked him out with my shoe. He'll be out cold for at least an hour. So why don't you come over here, and put your c**k right here." I squeezed my br**sts together.

He took off his hat and started unbuttoning the red jacket, walking toward me with his eyes trained on mine.

"Leave the mustache on," I said.

He put hit hands on my legs and pulled them apart. "Won't it tickle when I eat your pu**y?"

I reached out and yanked the mustache off. He finished undressing, stripping off his trousers and underwear. The other soldier in the room was at attention.

I grabbed his firm c**k in my hand and milked it, tickling my fingertips on the little ridge of skin along the underside.

He pulled away from me and knelt at the foot of the bed. He grabbed my legs and shifted me down so my bu**ocks were at the edge. He didn't even take off my little g-string, but just pushed it aside with two fingers and sank his lips down onto my mound. The world around us disappeared as I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of his wet tongue sliding around, up and down my folds so smoothly. His breath was hot as he licked over and around my nub, flicking it and licking it, sucking at the skin along the sides.

I clutched the bedcovers in my hands and moaned in pleasure. He worked my clit, putting on pressure until I was just about over the edge, and then easing back, over and over. Finally, after an eternity of taking me there and pulling me back, he reached forward and grasped my br**sts through the thin, lace camisole, and bore down on me with his lips and tongue.

When I came, I felt like I was melting, a puddle of ecstasy. He slid in as I was coming, his c**k moving in easily on all my juices. I cried out in pleasure and the rode into me, pushing me up onto the bed as he went, both of us moving together. His shaft plunging inside me drove my pleasure to unimaginable heights, until I was whimpering and sighing, completely overwhelmed.

He stopped rocking for a moment and stroked the side of my face. "I love making you come."

"Same," I said, squeezing his bu**ocks.

"Would you mind if I ..." He glanced down in embarrassment.

"What? I'd do anything for you."

"It's gross. Total guy thing, and I'm sorry to even mention it."

"Trevor, you have to tell me what it is, and I'll be the judge of whether or not I'll do it. I kinda owe you, after you dressed up like the Nutcracker for me."

He frowned. "That was for you? I thought that was for me."

I squeezed my pelvic muscles around his cock. "Now what was it you wanted?"

He said, "I'd like to," he made the motion of jerking off, "and then you-know, right on your boobs." He made an apologetic face.

I grabbed his face and looked him in the eyes. "I'd love to do that for you."

He grinned sheepishly and pulled out of me. I stayed lying back on the bed, and he sat astride my stomach, his soldier at attention. He was hesitant at first, touching himself and then looking around nervously.

I licked my lips, then wet one of my fingers and drew it across one of my ni**les, hardening it. His eyes grew big and he watched my hands, his own hand movements becoming more confident.

I enjoyed watching him, seeing him in pleasure, and when he did come, spurting onto my stomach and br**sts, I felt nothing but joy and satisfaction.

He grinned, saying, "Don't move," and he grabbed some tissues from next to the bed and tidied me up. He sighed and lay down next to me. "Don't think I want to do that all the time, because I don't, but it's been sorta one of my fantasies for a while."

"And you've never done that with a girl?" As soon as I asked, I regretted it. A girl should never ask that unless she already knows the answer.

"Never," he said. "Except in my imagination."

"And was it good? The real-life version?"

He kissed my neck, his stubbly chin tickling me. "Everything's good with you."

After we cuddled for a while, I ran us a hot bath and we settled in with a plate of Christmas cookies and a bottle of wine.

We sat across from each other in the large tub, him with his knees up out of the water and me with my legs nearly straight. I tickled his chest with my feet and said, "I wish you weren't flying out of town tomorrow."

"I'll be back in three days. No time at all."

"Who are you seeing again? Your brother?"

"My brother-in-law. Roxie's brother."

My heart nearly stopped beating. "Wait, you're going to see her family? Will she be there?"

"We're still friends," he said, looking uncomfortable. "I'm not dead to them, you know. I had a relationship with them, too."

I grabbed my glass of wine and downed it. Don't be jealous, I told myself in my head. He's got to do this, maybe just this once, to get closure. Don't act like a psycho-girl.

He grabbed a gingerbread cookie from the tray and bit off its head. "Is this what you want to do to me?" he joked. "Wanna bite off my head?" He splashed to sit up straight and waved the cookie over toward my mouth. "Here, bite off my arms, it'll make you feel better."

Something clicked in my head and all my new-found maturity ran out, just like that. I grabbed the cookie from his hand and tossed it across the room, against the tiled wall. The broken cookie bits crumbled to the ground.

"Fine, we can talk about it," he said. "Let's have a big talk. We can talk-talk-talk about all our feelings."

That was when I realized I wasn't such a big fan of talking about my feelings either. I leaned forward and squeezed his knee gently. "Trevor, I'm sorry I threw the cookie. Please don't stick things in my face. I don't want to fight with you. It's Christmas Eve, and you're going away for three days, and you know what? That's fine. Honest. I don't mind that much. It was just a surprise is all."

"You sure? I could cancel the trip. I don't need to go."

"Have you seen your brother-in-law since the separation?"

"No."

"Then go. You obviously want to go, or you wouldn't have booked the trip."

"It was booked months ago."

I poured myself another glass of wine. "Trevor, either go or don't go. I'm not going to sit here and try to convince you to go spend time with Roxie's family. Let's not play that game."

"Okay." He grabbed my feet and massaged the soles, but I was no longer feeling relaxed. I wasn't angry, and I wasn't sad, but I wasn't happy, either.

I tried to push my hurt feelings aside. His ex was still in his life, but he loved me, and I just had to get used to it and believe him when he said I was the one he wanted to be with.

Since that night in the hotel room, he'd told me every day that he loved me.

So why did I still feel so insecure?

Part 5: Christmas

On Christmas day, Trevor drove me back to my house and dropped me off there before going to the airport. Traffic was light, so we arrived with time to spare.

"Do you wanna come in?" I asked.

"Not for ten minutes, just to leave again. It's probably better if I just go."

I leaned in to give him a kiss goodbye.

He held me tight to him and said, "It's just three days. I'll be back in no time."

"I know." I believed him, but I still felt like crying.

I got out of the truck and resisted the urge to slam the door. Who was I kidding? Of course I was pissed, but I was trying to balance those strong emotions with reasoning.

I walked into the house, which was full of aunties and uncles and cousins, and I lost myself in the festivities of the day. The house was full of the smell of Christmas baking and the sounds of laughter.

While the men sat around talking in the living room and the women were at work with my mother in the kitchen, I was in charge of entertaining the kids, chasing them around and supervising games of Hide-and-Seek.

Before long, we were all downstairs in my big bedroom, and the kids-boys and girls-were digging through my closet full of costumes to put on a fashion show for the adults. I took the corsets away from the fourteen-year-olds, much to their disappointment. "Maybe in four years," I told them.

Nikki came down from the kitchen and helped do hair and makeup.

When we got a moment alone, she said, "I can't believe he f**king left you over Christmas. I'm going to punch him in the face."

"Nik, it's just three days. I'm okay, really."

"Really?"

"I trust him. He probably got close to her family and it's a tough time for him. Last year, he was with her, and this year he isn't."

The sounds of laughter and games pooled over from upstairs and trickled into my bedroom.

Nikki pointed at the ceiling. "He should be here with this wild bunch."

"You know, maybe that's part of the reason he's going away. Maybe he was scared of all this being overwhelming."

"Stop sounding so reasonable," she said. "I'm mad at him, and you're really chipping away at my rage."

"I think part of being a grown-up is accepting that you don't always get your way, but you don't have to pitch a fit. Life goes on, you know? Compromise and stuff."

She made a funny face. "Look at you! Being all mature and shit."

I nodded. "Compromise and stuff," I repeated.

We went upstairs and got all the adults ready for the fashion show. The kids were adorable, as they are every year. We've got some great kids in our family, and adults, too. As I looked around the room, I realized we all had a lot of love to give.

No matter what happened with Trevor, I'd always have my family.

The day rushed by in a whirl, with a big gift exchange, and soon we had all the extra card tables set up as extensions, and we were passing around platters of turkey. Everyone was teasing my mother about the marshmallows on the sweet potatoes, because she'd used colored marshmallows instead of plain white ones.

"They're festive!" she said, and everyone elbowed each other to take photos with their phones and upload them for friends to laugh at the multi-colored puffy lumps.

The doorbell rang, and we all looked at each other.

"Who could it be?" said my father. "Everyone we know is here!"

One of my uncles said, "That'll be the pizza I ordered. I took one look at those rainbow potatoes and I knew I had to get us some backup food."

Everyone laughed, and then a hush fell over the room as they all looked up at someone behind me.

I turned to find my boyfriend, Trevor MacIntyre, looking pale and sweaty.

I jumped out of my chair. "Trevor! What's wrong? Are you okay?"

He cracked a grin. "Everyone's fine. The airline wasn't very happy with me, and everyone had to go through security again with their bags, but everyone's fine."

I pulled him away from the crowd at the table, who were all politely pretending not to listen even as they were intently listening.

He followed me down the hall to the office, and I closed the door behind us.

I asked, "Did you have a fight with Roxie or something?"

"Not at first, but after I told her I wasn't going, she wasn't too thrilled."

"I'm sorry I made such a fuss. I'm sorry I ruined everything."

He put his hands on my shoulders and looked me in the eyes. "You didn't ruin anything. I nearly did, though, because I was being stupid. I get it now. Roxie's in the past, and you're my present."

He kissed me, crushing his lips-still cool from outside-into mine. I wanted the kiss to go on forever, and my mind was still reeling that he was actually there, with me, on Christmas day.

He pulled back and said, "You're my future."

"I don't know. We've only been dating a couple of months. You don't need to make that commitment."

He caught my hands in his. "You may not be sure, but I am. You're my present and my future, and I love you."

I blushed then, my cheeks turning hot as I stared at the ground.

"I love you too," I said, and I pulled him down for another kiss.

We were still making out when my sister came over and knocked on the door before opening it.

She pointed at Trevor and said, "Dude, you are so lucky you manned up, or I was going to punch you in the face at work."

He shook his head and said to me, "See what I have to put up with at work? My work is stressful enough. I want everything with us to be perfect. No fights. Or at least minimal fights. If you want to talk, about anything, you just say the word and I'll talk."

"Talking's overrated." I wrapped my arms up around his neck and pulled him down for another kiss.

Nikki groaned and left the room.

After our little reunion (it was just kissing; we'd only been apart a few hours!), I brought Trevor out to the dining room and introduced him around to everyone. The man has an amazing talent for remembering names, and he remembered each person's name after being told it just once. He'd look the person directly in the eyes, nod, and slowly repeat the name.

I don't know why this impressed me, but it did.

We all had a wonderful dinner, stuffing ourselves beyond reason, and then the dessert course came out.

As the guests disappeared, my mother noted that it was snowing, and expressed concern about Trevor being out on the road that night. "You should say over," she said. "You can stay in Naomi's room." She glanced over at my father, who was drinking a coffee with whipped cream on top. He shrugged.

So, that night Trevor did stay over at my house, with my parents right upstairs. Despite our desire for each other, we didn't feel right ha**ng s*x under my parents' roof with them home, so I put on my flannel pajamas and he kept on his boxer shorts, and we climbed into bed together.

And then we lay there. Both of us on our backs with our arms above the covers, him with his feet hanging off the end of my little double-size bed.

After about half an hour, I turned to him and said, "I can't sleep."

"I need you," he said.

My door was locked, and it had been an hour since we'd heard any sounds from upstairs, so I kissed him and reached down into his boxers. He was already rock-hard, the head moist and slick. He fumbled with my clothes and whispered, "I feel kinda dirty."

"Me too," I whispered back. "I like it."

He got my pajama top off and rolled me onto my back so he could lick my ni**les. He ground his erection into my hip as he nibbled first one nipple and then the other, his hands squeezing and running over them. It was the sexiest thing ever, feeling him grinding against my hip.

I pushed the covers back and dove down, pulling his boxers off. I grasped his shaft in one hand and licked all around the head as he shuddered with pleasure. I sank my mouth down on him, enjoying the heat of him. I twirled my fingers through the glossy, black curls, and I moaned with enjoyment as I sucked on him.

He stiffened in my hand and mouth, rolling his h*ps with my movements.

"C'mere," he said softly, his voice still deep. Then he growled, like a bear.

I yanked off my pajama bottoms and my now-wet panties and tossed them on the floor. I straddled his stomach, kissing my pu**y down near his navel, and arching forward to kiss him on the lips.

He growled again.

"My bear," I said. "My teddy bear."

He whispered, "Does a teddy bear do this?" He grabbed my h*ps and eased me back, spearing me. At the touch of him on my wet, pink folds, I quivered.

"Mine does." I slid down onto him, enjoying each slippery increment.

After all the excitement of the day, I felt grounded and relaxed, touching my skin to Trevor's. We belonged together, and even though we were of such different heights, and nearly a decade apart in age, we fit so well together, and not just sexually. When we watched movies, we both laughed at the same things. When we ate at restaurants, we each insisted the other try what we'd ordered. If I joked that his dish was better than mine, he'd try to trade me, so I had the better dish. And he'd canceled his trip, because he wanted to be with me.

I was his future, and he was mine.

Pressing my hands into his chest, I sat up so I was riding him, rocking my h*ps back and forth on him. His hands were steady on me, his body beautiful beneath mine.

His c**k stiffened inside me, and I could sense the build-up in his body.

I whispered, "Come for me, baby."

He smiled and then closed his eyes.

I kept rocking, and as he let go, so did I. His orgasm began just after mine, or just before-it was hard to tell us apart. I shook and trembled with pleasure, my face contorting and then relaxing as I opened my eyes to see him staring at me with so much adoration in his eyes.

He rolled me on my side, still impaled by him, and rocked in and out of me for the end of his orgasm, finishing deep inside me, disappearing into me.

When at last my body stopped shaking, we pulled apart and both lay on our backs.

After a moment, he reached over and entwined my fingers in his. "So," he said quietly in the dark. "Got any plans for New Year's Eve?"

"I'm hoping that this hunky guy I know will ask me out."

"What hunky guy? Now you got me all jealous."

I gave him a playful swat.

"There are a few parties we could go to."

"You mean like warehouse parties? Like Halloween?"

"No. Grown-up parties, with fancy dresses and stuff."

"I see," he said. "Sure, but I'm not wearing a dress."

"Oh, Trevor." I rolled on top of him and started kissing him again.

Part 6: Should Auld Acquaintance Be Forgot

Today is New Year's Day. My resolution for this year is to get back into theater, and not the office and accounting aspect of it. I want to be on stage, part of productions. I'm not dead-set on becoming a big star just yet, but let's just say I'm open to it. And in the meantime, I'm going to enjoy every minute of rehearsal, every aching muscle from learning a new routine. Theater makes me feel alive, the way I feel when I'm with Trevor. Up until now, I've been hiding, living in the basement under my parents and acting like a kid, delaying my life.

I know it's cliche to have these feelings on New Year's Day, but here I am. I feel amazing, and I'm going to take on the theater world. I talked to Trevor about it last night, and he thought it was a fantastic idea.

We were dressed up for the fanciest party we could still get tickets for, and double-dating with my parents, who were surprisingly keen on the idea of going out for a change. They usually spend a quiet night in with a few other couples, or just watch the festivities on TV.

I wore a sparkling silver dress I'd bought over a year ago, but hadn't had the opportunity to wear until just last night.

The four of us took a cab the party, which was at a restored old mansion, run by a historical society. It had been one of Trevor's business associates, Mr. Charles, who'd suggested it. As we were in the cab, I said, "Mom, Dad, Trevor-"

My mother interrupted me, "Oh my god you're pregnant!"

As my father gasped and Trevor looked like he might faint, I waved my hands, saying, "No, no, nothing like that. I swear. I just don't want to do accounting anymore. I want to get back into the theater."

My father held his hand over his chart, his eyebrows still raised. "Is that all?"

"Yes. That's all."

"Fine by me," my father said. "You've worked in the office for a while, gotten yourself a lot of skills to fall back on. Now you can pursue some dreams, and you still have those other skills."

"That was easy," I said.

Trevor patted my knee. "You were wonderful in the Nutcracker. You have a very special gift for entertainment, and I'm glad to hear that. I think it'll be good for you. I support you in anything you wish to do."

I'd been expecting more of a fuss, so when we arrived at the mansion, I felt like I was walking on clouds.

The rest of the night was magical. We share a table with two other couples, one about our age (yes, the woman was my age and the man was Trevor's age), and one my parents' age.

We drank way too much champagne, and of course my shoes were off by the end of the evening and I was dancing barefoot. I made Trevor take off his big shoes so he wouldn't step on me, and then my parents did the same.

We shut the place down, dancing right to the very last song.

My parents went home, and Trevor and I went to a hotel across the street-the one we'd booked when we bought the tickets.

As we stepped in the elevator, he said, "I'm going to put the house up for sale. That is ... if you think it's a good idea."

"It's your house."

He pulled me against him in the elevator, my back to his stomach, his arms draped across in front of me. He nuzzled my hair.

"My life is in the city, with you. I'll sell the house and then I'll buy one of those cool loft places, like the one we went to that party at, but in a better part of town."

"That sounds interesting."

He kissed my ear. "We could have dinner parties."

"If it's big enough, we could rollerskate around inside."

"I like that," he said. "You always have the most fun ideas."

The elevator doors opened and we found our door. Trevor hesitated before trying the keycard. "Hey, remember that time ..." With one hand, he brushed up the hem of my silver dress.

I rolled my eyes. "Just open the door, take your clothes off, and get in that bed."

"I thought I was the boss."

"Sure. As soon as we get in the room, you're the boss."

He quickly opened the door and nudged me in.

I stood still, my arms at my sides, awaiting instructions.

He chuckled and started to remove his clothes, then stopped.

"Come here and undress me."

I went to him and slowly unbuttoned his shirt, then hung it in the closet. I pulled his undershirt off over his head and then also hung it up. I could sense he was impatient with how long it was taking, which made me smile inwardly. If he wanted me to speed up, all he had to do was ask, but he didn't.

I unbuttoned his trousers and let them drop to the floor. He stepped out of them, and I walked over to the closet and hung them up as well. His c**k was on its way up, trying to poke out of his boxers.

I dropped down to my knees, reached up, and carefully slid his boxers down. Then I stayed here on my knees, my mouth just inches from his cock, breathing on it but not touching it.

He shifted forward, nudging my lips, but he didn't say anything, so I didn't do anything. Again, I sensed his frustration, and I smiled inwardly.

"Open your mouth," he said.

I did.

"Can you, um, can you do that thing you do? It's so nice. Please?"

I stuck my tongue out and slowly circled it around the head. It seemed to grow and stiffen before my eyes, reaching for me. I ran my tongue along the shaft, all the way to the base and then back again.

"Put it in your mouth," he said, more sure-sounding.

I stopped messing around and plunged him into my mouth. He groaned with pleasure as I sucked away at him.

"Keep doing that," he said. "And don't stop."

I took my job very seriously. And I liked it. I really enjoyed sucking on that gorgeous cock, and when he came in my mouth, it made me shiver with pleasure.

After I let him out of my mouth, he glanced down at me and seemed startled. "You still have your dress on!" he said.

"You never told me to take it off."

"Oh. That gives me an idea." He jumped back onto the bed and patted the spot next to him. "Let's raid the mini-bar, give me a few minutes to recuperate, and then you can do that Sugar Plum Fairy dance again."

"I don't have any props, though. No gloves or anything, just the dress."

He rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

"Lie back, I have an idea."

I grabbed a pillow and got comfortable.

He said, "Am I still the boss?"

"Sure."

"Then I order you to stay right where you are and focus on nothing but receiving pleasure."

I nodded to confirm I understood.

He reached up under my dress and pulled my panties down.

"You look so hot in that dress," he said. "But you look even hotter with nothing on, so let's get that off." He pulled the dress off over my head and also removed my bra. He fixed me with his gaze and said, "Pleasure."

I nodded and rested back on the bed.

He began at my toes, not sucking them, but rubbing them. After all the dancing, it felt amazing to have them squeezed. He massaged my feet and my arches, and then my ankles. Slowly, he moved up, to my calves. I still had some lingering muscle soreness from Nutcracker performances, and his touch on my legs was incredible.

Ever so slowly, he moved up, squeezing and massaging behind my knees and then up along my thighs. He paused on my inner thighs, and I thought he was going to my pu**y next, but he rolled me over on my stomach and started again from the top, massaging the base of my skull, my neck, shoulders, and then my back.

As he rolled his big, warm hands up and down my spine and all my back muscles, I moaned with pleasure. After my back was loose and relaxed, he rubbed my bu**ocks, which actually felt better than I would have imagined. As he massaged the globes of my ass, his thumbs got closer and closer to my pu**y. Before long, he was reaching down between my legs, tickling his finger over my cl*t and then in and out of my opening.

I started rocking my hips, grinding my mound down into his hand.

After teasing me for an eternity, he rolled me onto my back and leaned down to kiss me on my mound.

His tongue nudging its way between my folds was a revelation. He licked at me, massaging that aching, hot nub, until the tingling sensation engulfed me in a rolling, crashing wave of pleasure. After that one, he kept going, working his tongue and lips tirelessly over my clit, until I came again. And again.

And that was how I rung in the New Year. So you can understand why I'm in such a great mood today.

We slept in the hotel room's king-sized bed, entwined in each other's arms, and now we're going to spend the day together.

It's the first day of a new year. Today is the present, and the future, and I'm going to make the most of every minute.

