Chapter One

12 years after the events of

Blackmailed by the Beast

Lily Brown sprinkled over the last of the grated chocolate then placed the glasses of white chocolate mousse on the tray. She loved the small dinner parties she presented, which Wayne willingly attended. They were for his friends and their wives, which made everything perfect. Richard and Tony were always welcome, and so were Scarlet and Opal. She had never thought there would be so much love in her life. In the early days with Wayne she'd had her doubts. Now, she felt so much for her husband she didn't know how she'd ever survive without him.

They had three beautiful children, and one of them was almost a teenager. But Lily didn't mind, and the love between her and her husband could set fire to the coldest of climates. She blushed remembering the way he'd taken her over his knee and spanked her ass several nights ago. Lily had never thought a spanking could be so erotic. She could never ask for him to slap her ass, but she craved the punishment. They were exploring some kinky stuff. At least it was kinky to her. Wayne did things to her body that left her raw and aroused for days afterwards. He was the best part of her life.

She glanced around her kitchen at the twinkling Christmas lights she'd placed over the shelves. Christmas was a wonderful time of year. The tree was already decorated in the corner in the sitting room. Presents had been purchased and stored for wrapping later. The excitement was already building inside of her. She couldn't wait to collect the gift she'd found for Wayne.

Opening the kitchen door with her butt she turned to see the room had gone quiet. Wayne smiled at her as she placed the tray down.

"You're one fabulous cook, Lily," Richard said.

"Thank you." She gave everyone their glass of mousse. Her husband caught her hand, kissing the inside of her wrist. She shivered from the electricity of his touch. It was always like this with him. However, she knew there was something on his mind. There was a withdrawal inside him. His eyes no longer sparkled as they looked at her. She knew he was thinking of something. Over the years in business he'd been named the "Beast" because of his harsh business ways. She pulled away to sit beside him. The conversation started up once again.

"What are you all doing for Christmas?" Wayne asked.

"We're staying home. We're going to enjoy the snow this year. Scarlet hates going abroad to the sunshine," Richard said.

"I don't like barbeque for Christmas. I want a turkey." Scarlet smiled at her husband.

"I'm taking Opal to the cabin for the week. Christmas and snow with only ourselves for company," Tony said. Lily watched the other man capture Opal's cheek and kiss her deeply. The love between the two could not be mistaken for anything other than pure love.

"Eww, guys, she's still my sister," Richard said, turning away and covering his eyes.

"She's my wife." Tony kissed his woman one more time then pulled away.

Lily chuckled then took a spoonful of mousse. She noticed Wayne swirled his spoon in the white mouse but didn't take a bite. Her heart began to pound inside her chest. What could be on his mind? She leaned over and took his hand.

He glanced at her waiting for her to respond.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"Yes, I'm fine. This is delicious." He gave her a smile then began talking to Richard. She didn't mention about him not tasting the mousse. Lily wasn't stupid. She knew there was something else going on. While the men left the room Lily cleaned away the plates, declining help from Scarlet and Opal.

They were sweet to offer help, but she needed to do something with her hands. She knew they followed her into the kitchen. Slowly, to make sure she didn't break anything, she loaded up the dishwasher. Anything that couldn't go in the dishwasher she placed in the sink.

"Are you all right?" Scarlet asked.

Lily chuckled then stood up to face the other two women. She took a breath then stared past their shoulders to the opposite wall. It was amazing how quickly life could change. She'd been so happy in her own little world while sprinkling the chocolate that she'd forgotten about Wayne's detachment.

He still made love to her, but everything else was in question.

"I don't know. Wayne's been distant for a little time. I try to talk to him. He cuts me off. There must be something there, or otherwise you wouldn't have noticed." Lily felt the tears filling her eyes. She fought with all of her might to keep them down. Wayne was her only lover, and she didn't know what was required of her in a situation like this.

"I'm sure he'll talk to you about it," Opal said.

She smiled at the two women even as doubts filled her mind. No one knew Wayne like she did. He'd opened up to her about so much, and yet she felt so alone right now. She twirled her wedding band with her hands in the soapy water.

The other two began to talk. She smiled, nodding her head when necessary. Her heart ached with the pain of something she knew was about to happen. She knew she couldn't talk to her father. There was no one. Wayne had been her everything.

She took a deep breath every few minutes when no one was looking. The air helped to clear her mind. It was Christmas, and miracles were supposed to happen during this time of year. She laughed when Opal told a joke. They were really good friends. She glanced towards the door that led through to where Wayne sat with his two friends.

Had the love he felt run its course? She knew her figure hadn't miraculously shrunk over the years. Lily had given birth to three children, and there was no way her body would ever be thin again. She'd always been curvy, which had seemed to drive Wayne crazy with wanting her.

Did he want a younger model? A thinner model?

She wasn't a spry twenty-one-year-old woman anymore. He'd promised to love her forever. Forever wasn't looking all that long. He didn't want any more children either.

All she could do was wait to find out.

****

Wayne poured a generous shot of whisky into a glass. He added some ice then took a seat across from the roaring fire. Tony and Richard did the same, only they were laughing about their wives. He contemplated his problems by staring into the flames. For the last few months he hadn't been able to get over the guilt of what he'd done. When Lily was twenty-one he'd blackmailed her into marriage. Before long she'd fallen for him, and they'd had three beautiful children together. He loved her with his whole heart. There was nothing in this world that he wanted more than her happiness.

His problem was he wondered if he was the one responsible for her unhappiness. She had a killer voice. There were many nights he'd listened to her sing the children to sleep or sing while cooking. If she'd let him help her, she would have experienced an amazing singing career. He'd taken that all away from her when she found out she was pregnant. Wayne knew she hadn't wanted a singing career at the time, but what if her feelings had changed?

When he'd first seen her over twelve years ago he'd wanted her so badly.

Why?

Because he'd seen what he wanted and done everything within his power to get her. She loved him, and he knew that. But what if she could have a whole lot more happiness without him there? He didn't know why he was feeling this way, only that the feelings were not going away.

"What's wrong with you?" Richard asked.

"Huh?"

"We've been talking about the gifts we're getting our women, and you're staring off into space. What gives?" Richard sat down next to him. Both of his friends had their whole attention on him.

"Do you guys remember when I first married Lily?" They both nodded. "I didn't give her any time to be herself. She was young and didn't deserve what I'd demanded of her."

"I don't understand," Tony said. "You loved Lily. Why do I feel you're going to let her go?"

Wayne ran his fingers through his hair then looked into his glass at the dark liquid. "I'm starting to think it might be best."

There was silence after his admission.

Richard began laughing. A mocking, annoying laugh that made Wayne angry.

"I'm older than she. She's got her whole life ahead of her. There is so much she deserves that I can't give her." Wayne knew he was making excuses for his behaviour.

"So, while Tony and I are thinking of gifts along the jewellery and pampering section for Christmas, you're going to slap a divorce on Lily? What is it going to say? 'Sorry I've made you have my children and love me, but I can't handle what I did, so I'm going to cut and run?'" Richard asked.

"It's not going to be like that."

"No, then what the hell are you going to do?" Tony asked.

"I don't know."

"All this f**king doubt should have gone through your mind before you decided to go through with that f**king contract you told me to get her to sign. You wanted her so badly back then. What's changed?" Richard got to his feet. The anger in his voice couldn't be disguised.

"I've changed. I don't want her to wake up in her fifties and hating my guts." Wayne slammed the glass down glaring at Richard.

"As opposed to doing it in her thirties?" Tony asked.

There was a knock on the door cutting off any more discussion. Lily popped her head round the door. "Sorry to interrupt. Opal and Scarlet are ready to go home."

Wayne ignored their glares and helped Lily escort them out to their cars. He touched her shoulders squeezing her muscles. Whenever she was close by he couldn't do anything else but touch her. She touched his hands, her heat penetrating his body making him think of taking her to bed and making love to her.

The need burned inside him. He knew he wouldn't be able to resist her once he got her into their room. His c**k pulsed, the tip leaking out his pr**cum. She was a temptation he couldn't resist.

They both waved them goodbye before walking back inside the house.

"I'm going to go up to bed," she said.

"Okay, I'm going to close up the house. Wait up for me." He kissed her on the neck then watched her ass sway as she walked up the stairs. Her ass was his.

Wayne shut off the rooms, switching off the lights and locking up the doors. He then made his way up to his room. Lily stood in front of the mirror brushing her hair. She wore a black lace negligee that made her tits spill over the top. Her figure made him hotter than ever before. He remembered buying her the negligee. The lace curved in at the waist then pressed out over her luscious h*ps and full, tempting ass.

The fabric of his pants became uncomfortable as all the blood went straight to his cock. He wanted to be inside her body. The thought of the grip of her cunt wrapped around his shaft was what drove him to pull his shirt off his body. He walked the short distance to where she stood brushing her hair.

He took the brush out of her hands running his finger though the silky length of her hair. Wayne pressed his face against her hair inhaling every bit of scent from her.

"Wayne?" she asked. He knew she wanted him to talk to her. What he had to say she wouldn't want to hear. He wasn't sure if he wanted to even consider giving her her freedom. The love he felt for her had only gotten stronger over the years. He loved her with all of his heart.

The pain at the force he'd used at the time was killing him.

He cut off any thought and covered her mouth with a finger, signalling for her to be quiet. "No words tonight. I only want you to feel what I can do to you." He kissed her neck feeling her whole body shake from his touch. She was always so responsive to him.

The straps of the negligee were in his way. He'd bought the negligee with the intention of taking it off. Wayne pushed the straps down her arms watching in the mirror as her tits popped free. They were large and filled his hands so well. The ni**les were dark. He loved sucking on her br**sts, and he loved watching them swing in front of him as she rode his cock.

When she was in his arms Wayne had no idea how he'd ever be able to let her go.

Chapter Two

Lily watched him cup her br**sts, his fingers tweaking her ni**les. She moaned as the slight pain went straight to her clit. Her pu**y was wet with her cream. She cried out as his teeth sank into the curve of her neck. Goose-bumps erupted on her arms. He always had the ability to drive her crazy with need.

"You're so f**king beautiful." He nibbled her neck going down to her shoulder, and then he spun her around to face him. She pulled at the belt of his pants. Wayne pushed the negligee down off her waist until it fell in a heap on the floor. He moved her hands aside to finish the removal of his pants. She watched his long thick erection spring free from the tight confines of his pants. He kicked the clothes aside before grabbing her arms and pulling her close.

His na**d body rubbed against hers. The pleasure set her on fire as he leaned down taking her lips with his. His tongue pressed inside her mouth seeking entry. Lily gave him everything. Her arms went up around his neck. Her br**sts were flush against his hard, masculine chest.

She would have felt too exposed with her na**d body, but Wayne made her feel comfortable in her own skin.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you, too." Lily didn't want to think about anything else. She was in his arms. The pain and heartache she'd deal with later. Together, they'd fight whatever demons he faced.

Lily ran her hands down his body cupping his c**k in her fist. He growled breaking the contact of their lips. "You're playing with fire," he said with a warning.

She smiled at him then sank down to her knees. "I love playing with fire." He hissed when she flicked the tip of his c**k with her tongue. His salty essence coated her tongue, making her want more. She loved sucking his c**k and watching him lose control. There was something empowering about seeing a man lose his edge. In the bedroom they were equals on the battlefield. Whatever Wayne did to her body, she could do to his.

"Fuck." He cursed the moment she took the head of his penis into her mouth. She gazed up his body to see his eyes on her. His hand began stroking the hair on her head as she licked the tip of his cock, taking every drop of pr**cum as it leaked out. His fingers tightened when she took more of him into her mouth.

"Do you like sucking my cock?" he asked.

She mumbled around his c**k in her mouth, knowing the vibrations would turn him on.

He cursed some more, pumping his h*ps in time to her sinking onto his cock. Wayne's c**k filled her mouth. He was so large she always felt overwhelmed when she sucked on him.

"Fuck, you get better and better each time." He pulled on her hair making her stop. She let his length go with a plop sound.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"I don't want to f**k your mouth, baby. I want you." Wayne picked her up from the floor then walked her back towards the bed. His gaze made it hard for her to look away. She stared at him as he pushed her down on the mattress. Lily moved up the bed until her head rested against the pillows. "I'm going to feast on you. There is not going to be an inch of this body I haven't tasted."

Wayne opened her legs then pressed his stiff c**k against her pu**y. She moaned as the thick shaft rubbed on her sensitive clit.

"After all this time you're still responsive?"

"I'm your woman, Wayne. Forever. I don't want anyone else." She cupped his cheek staring into his eyes and hoping he'd talk to her. Lily knew she wasn't going anywhere. Wayne kissed her lips not saying another word. She submitted to him. There was nothing else she could do. She loved him so completely.

He moved down her body to her br**sts, and his tongue worked the tip, lathering her ni**les. She cried out when his teeth sank into the tender flesh.

"I love your tits," he said, then did the same to the next nipple. Her tummy tightened from the pleasure of his touch. Her clitoris felt large where he rubbed his c**k along her slit.

She ran her fingers through his hair. There was still some grey at the temples, which she loved. It showed his maturity.

He kissed down to her belly. She smiled as he spent time placing little kisses all over her tummy.

Then he moved down opening her thighs wide. "You have such a pretty pu**y." She went onto her elbows to watch what he did. They were so connected. She felt comfortable watching him make love to her body.

She watched him open her pu**y with his thumbs. He stared down at her slit, his tongue peeking out to lick his lips as he looked. She knew she was dripping wet. His gaze and his body sent her closer to the edge without any real touch. Her fingers tightened in the fabric of the sheets as he circled her clit. She tried to watch every flick of his tongue. The pleasure coursing through her body made it harder to keep her eyes open.

****

Wayne stared down at her wet, creamy slit. She was soaking wet. He saw her cum leaking out of her cunt and down to that forbidden channel lubricating her anus. His c**k throbbed to penetrate her sweet pu**y. First, he wanted a taste of that lovely cream. Her scent permeated the area around him. She was turned on and ready for him. Her lips were soft to the touch. The small amount of pubic hair around her slit was wet from her juices. Her cl*t was swollen and ready for an orgasm. He ran a finger around her cl*t then down to her entrance. Wayne pressed one digit inside her feeling her pu**y grip him tight. She moaned, her pelvis pressing down onto his finger. He pushed a second finger inside her then tongued her clit. She splintered apart in his arms. Her pu**y squeezed his fingers gripping him tightly as her cl**ax washed over her. Wayne sucked her cl*t into his mouth relishing the taste of her cream. He felt her juices coat his fingers.

She was ready to take him. He ran his fingers over her legs feeling them quiver under his touch. Her response always made him want more from her. Her love never felt enough. He wanted to be consumed by her. Wayne needed to know that he was the only thing on her mind. This is one of the reasons why he needed to let her go.

He moved up her body and stared down into her eyes. Whatever his friends said didn't mean anything. He'd taken so much from Lily, and he wanted to give her something back. Letting her go was the only way he could think of to make up for his mistakes.

"I love you," he said.

"Wayne, I love you, too. What's going on?" she asked. Even now she knew what was going on. She knew he was planning something.

"Nothing, baby." He kissed her lips to stop her talking. In the morning, he'd be gone. For tonight he'd take as much of her as he could, so he'd be able to let her go. Reaching between his thighs, he grabbed his c**k and ran it up her slit feeling her slickness coat his shaft. She moaned, and her nails sank into the flesh of his shoulders.

He pushed the head of his c**k inside her feeling the way her pu**y gripped him. In one smooth thrust he seated himself inside her tightness. Each pulse felt like a ripple around his shaft.

"Can you feel me?"

She nodded her head, tears glistening in her eyes. Pushing her hair out of the way, he kissed her deeply then pulled out. She whimpered as her nails sank into his back. Wayne chuckled then plunged inside her going deeper. He felt the tip of his c**k hitting her cervix. Running a hand down her thigh, he cupped her ass bringing her leg over his hip.

He glanced between them watching his wet c**k disappear inside her pu**y. She held him within her. The pulse of her pu**y gripped his c**k unbearably. She was his woman, and in that moment he couldn't even think of leaving her.

Lily would always be the love of his life. He tightened his hold on her h*ps slamming inside her. The build of his cl**ax shocked him. In the next instant his sperm was rushing out of the tip of his c**k and washing inside her pu**y. He knew she hadn't reached her own release. Wayne pulled out of her then pressed a finger to her clit.

He teased the bud, but her hand on his wrist stopped him. "I want to give you release," he said.

"No, I don't want you to."

Wayne stared at her in shock. His fingers lay on her clit, not moving. "I want to give you this pleasure."

"I don't want you to, Wayne. You're keeping something from me. I can feel it."

"Let me give you this. Please." He begged. This was his last chance to watch her come apart.

She shook her head. Tears fell from her eyes. Wayne pulled his hand away pulling her close. He wrapped his arms around her.

The connection between them had been broken, and he was the cause. He held her in his arms hoping he was wrong. She fell asleep without any sobs escaping her. He felt her silent tears on his chest. The pain pierced his soul at the depth of agony he'd caused. Tears fell from his own eyes. He kept her in his arms throughout the night.

Wayne kissed her temple, and when the sun came up he pulled out of her arms. Her father had the two youngest kids for the night while Blake was staying at a friend's. He knew she'd be alone in the morning, but he needed to do this now while he still had the strength.

He stared down at the woman he'd fallen in love with all those years ago. Her body and face hadn't aged a day. She looked so content and beautiful. The tracks from her tears distracted him from his thoughts. He didn't bother to grab his clothes. There were enough items in his penthouse down town in the city.

In his office he sat down and wrote a letter detailing what he intended to do. He spoke of his love and then placed it near the kettle in the kitchen. It was the only place he could bear to see her read it. He left the house then put a call through to Richard.

"Hello," Richard said. His friend sounded annoyed.

"It's Wayne. I just wanted to warn you that I'm going through with it today."

"Are you serious?" Richard asked. There was the sound of movement over the line.

"Yes. I think Lily will phone Scarlet. Will you meet me afterwards at my old penthouse apartment?" Wayne asked.

"Yes," Richard said.

There was silence between them. Wayne felt his friend's disapproval all the way from where he lived uptown.

"We'll wait for her call," Richard said before hanging up.

Wayne pulled out the driveway without looking back.

He knew he was making the right decision. He had to be.

Chapter Three

Lily woke up to silence. She opened her eyes and blinked against the morning sunshine pouring in from the open curtains of the window. After a stretch she got out of bed. She saw her negligee on the floor and put it on, then went in search of Wayne. When she knocked on his office door and got no answer she pushed it open to see the room was empty. She went through each room discovering it didn't have Wayne. Frowning, she saw his car was gone and decided he'd popped out early.

After brushing her hair with the brush she kept by the hall mirror, she went in search of the kettle. She knew Wayne loved his coffee, but she'd turned into more of a tea woman in the years since they'd married. The coffee still turned her stomach after all the kids.

She went to the kettle and saw a letter with her name on laid up against it. A smile broke free. Wayne loved to leave her letters. She loved reading them. Once she filled the kettle, she made herself a cup of tea so she'd be able to enjoy what he'd written.

The moment her tea was made she took it to the dining room then opened the letter. She began reading, and her whole world came apart.

Dearest Lily,

First, I want to say that I love you with all of my heart. You have my love forever. My love for you is not disputable. It causes great pain for me to have to say this, but I feel I've taken something away from you. I blackmailed you into marriage, and now it is time for me to set you free.

What I did was unfair. I wanted you, and I did everything in my power to take you. For that, I am sorry. I'll be in touch with a lawyer soon. You can have everything your heart desires, Lily. I want you to be happy. This has nothing to do with anything other than a man with a guilty mind. I was called the Beast, and with you I don't want to be anything but the man you love. A beast is not what I want for you.

I hope with time you can forgive me.

Wayne

Tears poured from her eyes. The pain latched on to every sensitive cell inside her body and refused to let go. She didn't know what to do or how to explain what was going on. Lily had known something was wrong with him. She didn't think it had anything to do with him leaving her.

She reached for the phone. There was no way she could make sense of this letter. She dialled Scarlet's number. Lily was shocked by her answering on the first ring.

"Lily, is that you?" Scarlet asked.

"You know?" The sob broke from her lips.

"I'm coming over."

"He told you? When?"

"I'm coming to see you, Lily. We'll talk then." Scarlet hung up.

Lily glanced down at her sexy negligee. She hated it. Running up the stairs she ran into the bathroom and vomited in the toilet. Her body felt numb. She couldn't think clearly. Nothing made any sense.

Once she'd flushed the toilet, brushed her teeth, she walked back into the bedroom. Lily couldn't look at the bed. There were too many memories that hurt too much. She changed in a pair of jeans and a black shirt before moving down the stairs and waiting for her friend.

Half an hour later Scarlet was knocking on her door. Lily answered the door and saw Richard stood behind Scarlet. He stared at her with pity in his eyes.

They both escorted her into the sitting room. Lily sat on the floor unable to bear sitting on any of the furniture. The sofa where Richard and Scarlet sat was where she'd cuddled up to Wayne as he read her a story or where they watched the television together. In both chairs they'd made love. So many memories that were tearing her apart.

"How did you know?" she asked.

"He called, Richard this morning," Scarlet sat down on the floor in front of her. Lily looked over her head at Richard.

"You knew before then?"

Her friend's husband looked uncomfortable. "He mentioned something last night. I didn't think he'd go through with it."

Tears poured out of her eyes. "He's feeling guilt for what happened back then. I don't understand. I love him and forgave him for all that. It's Christmas. What am I supposed to do?" Lily asked.

Richard stood. "I've got to go and see him."

"You're going to be the one to divorce us?" Lily asked. "It is kind of poetic seeing as you were the one to bind us together with that prenuptial agreement." She chuckled.

Scarlet kissed her husband and shooed him off before turning back to her. Lily didn't want to come between the two. She heard the door open and then close. The finality of the sound made Lily wince. "Richard won't handle the divorce. I know he won't."

"It's business to them, Scarlet. I don't expect anything less."

"What are you going to do?" the other woman asked. She tucked a stray curl behind her ear.

"I have no idea. I know I should have some plan or something. Isn't it the twenty-first century dream for a woman to be divorced or something?" Lily rubbed the tears from her eyes. More fell in their place.

"Wayne is giving you an opportunity to live your life. He feels he's taken something from you because of him blackmailing you." Lily stared at her. "Richard doesn't keep anything from me. I know you told me the basics of what happened, but he gave me everything."

"He shouldn't have done that."

"You're my friend, Lily. I want what's best for you."

"Then you shouldn't judge me when I say the best thing that ever happened to me walked out that door with the intention of divorcing me. All I ever wanted in life was someone to love me back and a family. Wayne gave me everything I ever wanted, and now he's about to take it all away."

Scarlet wrapped her arms around Lily.

"I'm not going to judge. It takes a lot out of us to fall in love. Wayne is being an ass**le. He's using his business head instead of his heart," Scarlet said. "He'll come around."

"I don't know, Scarlet. I know him, and if he feels he's doing the right thing then he won't stop until it's complete."

****

Wayne opened the door to his friend. Richard walked in and refused a drink. They were both silent for several minutes. Richard wouldn't even look at him.

"How is she?" Wayne asked.

"How do you think she is?"

He shrugged his shoulders. The desire to pour himself a whisky was strong, but he wouldn't do it until he knew she was all right.

"For a supposedly clever man, you're actually really f**king stupid," Richard said. His hands were on his h*ps as he glared at him. Wayne took a seat waiting for him to say his piece. "You really don't care?"

"I care about her, which is why I'm leaving her to be free."

"Bullshit. Lily is falling apart. She doesn't understand what is going on. You married her, got her pregnant, and now you're going to leave her because of your suppressed guilt. You're a f**king coward."

"You can rant at me all you want, Richard. I know I'm doing the right thing."

"Then find another lawyer. I'm not going to do this. Nor will any of my partners or members of my firm. You find someone else," Richard said. Wayne was shocked. He had always thought Richard would stand by him.

"You're going to represent me," Wayne said.

"Not in this. You're wrong about this one. I'm one of your best friends, and I've stood by you when you've needed it. This is not one of those times. You're wrong, and if you go through with this, if you let Lily go, then it will be the biggest mistake of your life." Richard turned to look out of the window when a knock on his door came. Wayne left his friend to open the door to Tony and Opal. Before he got chance to talk Opal slapped him 'round the face.

"How dare you?" Opal shoved him then walked past into his apartment.

"She wouldn't let me drop her off at Lily's. 'I want to see the stupid ass**le myself'. Her words. Not mine." Tony walked past him.

"Are you seriously going to represent him in a divorce?" Opal asked, glaring at Richard.

Wayne didn't know what to do. They were all crowding around him too fast. He needed more time.

"I'm not representing him. I refuse to help him in a decision that I feel will be a big mistake." Richard shook Tony's hand.

"What I don't get is the fact none of us could get you to change the path of getting Lily all those years ago, and now when you have everything, you're more than willing to let her go? I don't get that," Tony said.

"I don't expect you guys to understand my choices. This is my decision, and I feel it is right."

Opal growled in frustration. "Do you realise what you're doing? Lily is a hot woman. She knows her own mind, and from what I've been told and seen myself, she's grown in confidence by being with you. You've already started the ball rolling. You're putting her back on the market."

"So?"

"I see what she means," Tony said. "You're stepping aside and letting her be free. Think about it, Wayne. How are you going to be able to cope with seeing her with another man? You're giving someone else an opportunity to take what is yours. A stepfather for your children."

"Lily would never do that," Wayne said. He felt like he'd been punched in the gut.

"She doesn't want a singing career. If that is what this is over, then you're going to lose the woman you love for something she doesn't want and won't even fight for. Another guy will give her what you're taking away, and you'll have no chance to win her back," Opal said.

"You don't know that."

Again, Opal let out a growl. "My God, you're so thick and stupid and annoying. It is Christmas, and you're 'setting your wife free'. You know what? I know someone who'd date Lily in a heartbeat."

"Who?" Wayne asked, feeling angry at the thought of another man with his woman.

"John Barnes," Opal said with a smile on her lips.

"Harry's paediatric doctor?" Richard asked.

"The very one. His wife divorced him last year. I know he adores Lily. They met at one of your barbeques you held a few months back. I'm sure they'd hit it off.

"John is in his fifties, and stop trying to get a guy to date my wife," Wayne said. His anger was increasing. He'd seen the way the older man had looked at Lily. John had been charmed by Lily. He was sure it was why John's wife had left him, but he didn't say so to Lily.

"Then I suggest you think about this decision. I'm out of here. Tony is taking me away. I'll see you guys soon." Opal kissed her brother Richard on the cheek then left. Tony stayed for a few minutes.

"If you go through with this, our women will gang up and force Lily to date someone else to get over you. Wayne, I don't know why you want this divorce, but be sure it's what you want. Opal and Scarlet will make you regret it. Those women with Lily have become like sisters." Tony left seconds later.

"I'm going to go as well before my wife starts planning on crushing my balls. I'm fond of all of my man-parts," said Richard.

"Okay," Wayne said then saw his friend out. When they were all gone he turned to the whiskey. The sooner he lost his head the better he'd feel.

Chapter Four

Lily watched her children playing on the floor in front of her while her father, George, finished his call on the phone. Blake was staying at his friend's again. She believed he had a crush on a girl at school. Since Wayne had left, Blake barely spoke to her. It had been several days since Wayne had left. Her father was staying with her to help out. Opal phoned on a regular basis to check in with her. Scarlet stopped by as much as possible. In two weeks it would be the run up to Christmas. She knew her friends were planning on going away. Richard had decided at the last minute to take Scarlet and the kids away for Christmas. They would be leaving in a few days.

She'd be all alone.

Wayne still refused to talk to her. She knew he was working. His secretary had informed her he didn't want to be disturbed when she'd called. He was avoiding her at every opportunity.

The tree looked pathetic to her now. She remembered singing for Wayne as they put each bauble on the branches.

"Honey, how are you?" her father asked the moment he got off the phone.

"I'm dealing. I can't just break down and cry at any given time. I want to. It's so hard. How did you manage it?" Her father had fallen in love with a cleaner at his office. She'd died giving birth to her. Her father had been dealing with the heartache ever since.

"Sweetheart, my heartache was different. Your mother died. There was no way for me to get over her. Wayne is still living and breathing. I can't give you any advice but time. Time to get over him and time to heal."

Lily stood up walking toward the kitchen. The children were safe in their areas with protective bars. She ran her fingers through her hair after she put the kettle on to boil.

"I can't deal with this," she said.

George came up behind her. He squeezed her shoulder offering her comfort. Tears sprang to her eyes. "You'll deal, honey. You'll find a way to cope."

"I love him, dad. I always will. It doesn't matter what he's done for us or how we began our marriage. I know he thinks he's doing the right thing. I don't know how to tell him he's not." Lily wiped the tears away. George moved away while she made two cups of tea.

"Men can be fickle, Lily. Maybe you need to show him how you've changed. I don't know. Go and date some other guy, or maybe go and sing at a club? Wayne loves you, honey. I've seen the love he has for you. I just wish I knew how to make this right." George smiled taking a sip of his tea.

Twenty minutes later, Scarlet turned up with her children. George stayed with them in the sitting room while Lily talked with her friend.

"How are you and George getting on?" Scarlet asked.

"He's helping. I sleep in the kids' room while he takes the spare room," Lily said. She was pleased her friend had chosen to visit.

"Why aren't you sleeping in your bed?"

"Too many memories. Could you sleep in the same bed if Richard was planning to divorce you?"

"I guess not. Has anyone been in touch with a divorce?"

Lily shook her head. She couldn't answer the door for fear it might be someone with divorce papers. "I don't know what's going on. I wish there was a way for me to grab his attention. I miss him so much."

Scarlet sat in silence for the next few minutes. Lily drank her tea and thought about how to capture her husband.

"I've got a suggestion. The only problem is you're not going to like it," Scarlet said. She was smiling at Lily, which made her nervous.

"What suggestion?" Lily asked.

"Opal mentioned to me about John Barnes liking you."

Lily groaned. She knew the older man cared about her. They'd met at a barbeque and were discussing some medical problems that had been in the news. Wayne had become very possessive of her.

"I got in touch with John and told him your problem with Wayne. I may have done some conspiring with Richard, and I shouldn't know that Wayne has a business dinner tonight with clients at this Italian restaurant within the city. I also shouldn't be telling you that I got Richard to book the table in plain sight of Wayne's table." Scarlet put the card of the restaurant in front of Lily. Her friend was nibbling her lip.

"Why do I feel there is more for you to tell me?"

"Well, Richard and I are taking the kids tonight for you. I also don't know the fact you're going on a date with John in order to find the opportunity to talk to Wayne."

"Scarlet!"

"What?"

"That is unfair. I don't want to blackmail Wayne or force another guy to take me on a date."

"John is willing to take you. He wants to see you happy. Please, Lily. This may be your only chance to find out what the hell is going on in your husband's brain."

Lily sighed as she picked up the card. "This is my favourite restaurant. They serve great pasta and desserts."

"I want you to be happy, Lily. I've got your dress in the car. I knew you'd hate this, but at least you'd get the chance to see Wayne. I know he's dodging you. Fucking coward."

"Scarlet!"

"It's Christmas, and he's ditching you even though he loves you. Every woman should have a happy ending, and if I have to be a total nut-job to make sure all of us get a perfect Christmas then that is what I'm going to do."

"I didn't know you were nuts about Christmas," Lily said.

"Richards knows I go insane at this time of year. Everyone deserves a miracle and happiness. I don't like the thought of my best friends not being happy. You and Wayne were perfect for each other. You are still perfect for each other. I'm not going to allow something stupid to come between you. It's not acceptable."

Lily chuckled then glanced down at the card. Wayne was dodging her, and if going on a date was the one thing to grab his attention then she was more than willing to do it.

****

Lily pushed the black dress down to cover more of her legs. Richard and Scarlet had already picked the kids up, and she was alone waiting for John to turn up. She hated using a man like this. Regardless of what Scarlet said she was going to make sure John was okay with everything.

She checked her reflection in the mirror. Wayne usually commented on her dress, or he'd come up behind her grabbing her ass or cupping her hips. Lily pushed the thoughts to the back of her mind.

A knock at the door stopped any chance she had of escaping this night. She took a breath and opened the door. John stood there with a dozen red roses.

"John," she said.

"Hi, Lily. You look dazzling." She smiled then tucked some hair behind her ear. He wasn't Wayne, and no matter how hard she tried, she felt wrong doing this.

"They're holding our table until eight-thirty, and then they're giving it to someone else."

"Right, I didn't expect them to hold tables for longer. They can get quite busy at night." She grabbed her jacket from the rail. The December chill was seeping into her bones. Her hands were shaking. She locked the door then followed John to his car. He stopped, opening the door.

"Crap, these are for you." He handed her the roses.

"They're lovely, John. Thank you." She lifted the roses to inhale their scent.

He climbed into the driver's seat then turned on the ignition.

"Wait," she said. John turned to her. "I can't do this. I know, Scarlet set all this up, but it's only been a couple of days since Wayne left. I don't want you to think this is a date."

He reached out taking hold of her. "I'm not under any illusions, Lily. Yes, I care about you. If things were different I may take a chance with you myself. I'm not stupid, and to reassure you, I'm not in love with you. Scarlet called me and told me what was going on, and I wanted to help. Wayne's biggest problem is his head. He over-thinks everything. If I can help and bring him to his senses then I'm more than happy to do that."

"Are you sure you don't mind?" she asked.

"Lily, if in a year's time we're here again, and there is no chance for you and Wayne, then I'll give it a shot. Until then, I see this as two friends going out for some good food and drinks."

She sat back in the car finally feeling relaxed. "I can do this. You're really good company, John. Why did your wife divorce you?" she asked. "Shit, sorry, I shouldn't ask. Sorry."

He chuckled. "It's nice to be around a woman who speaks her mind. My wife left me because I was never home, and I couldn't stand her laugh."

"How did you last so long together?"

"Because I was always out of the house, and she liked my money."

"Sorry, that must have been awful for you," Lily said.

"No, there were other matters, but I'm not going to go into it. They're private."

"You'll find someone, John. A woman who loves you for you, no matter your money or job."

"I hope you're right." They talked about the weather and the upcoming festivities and then turned to Wayne.

"What do you think you'll do this year if this doesn't work?" he asked.

"My dad will spend Christmas with us, and I've got the kids. I don't know. I don't want to think of a Christmas without him. I love him, John. My feelings for him are not going to change." Lily rubbed her palms over her dress. They were damp, and she didn't like feeling insecure about her feelings. Wayne really was her rock, the other part of her heart and soul.

"Do you think another woman is involved?" John asked.

"I didn't even think of another woman. I hope not."

"Why?"

"Because then I'll kill the bastard for cheating on me," she said, making herself laugh.

John joined in.

They were both happy when they pulled up to the restaurant. It was quiet, which was one of the reasons Lily loved it so much.

The valet took the car from John, and they both walked into the main foyer. The maitre d' looked shocked to see her, and she knew Wayne was already there. She squeezed John's arm for support as they followed the man to their table. Lily kept her eyes down as John seated her. She didn't know if Wayne was there. John leaned down to her ear. From where he stood to others it looked like he was kissing her neck.

She bit her lip and tried not to move away.

"He's spotted you. Wayne is here and has his eyes on you." John turned from her to take the seat in front of her.

"Thank you," she said.

"What for?"

"For taking the seat facing him. I don't think I could have done this while seeing him."

John reached across the table. "I don't know if he can lip read, but I think you're right. This is not about another woman. He loves you and wants to tear me apart from being near you."

Tears filled her eyes, and Lily batted them away. Tonight she needed to be strong. Wayne was going to have to deal with her whether he liked it or not. He'd turned her into a woman who fought for what she wanted. Maybe he'd live to regret his decision.

She hoped with all of her heart she could win him back.

Chapter Five

Wayne glared at John. He knew his older friend saw him. It was clear in the smile John sent his way. The son of a bitch leaned over taking Lily's hand. Wayne's hand tightened around the wine glass he'd been given. The business meeting had been in celebration of the latest acquisition for his company, the same business merger he'd shared with Lily. She'd advised him on what course to take in getting through to the older man sat opposite him. She'd never met the man, and she'd known exactly what to say to get the man on his side.

He nodded at what the woman on his right said. His main focus was on his gorgeous wife. Wayne knew it was Scarlet's and Opal's doing that she was on a date. He'd not done this for her to go on a date. She had a beautiful voice worthy of a contract or two.

Does she want that? She's always said otherwise.

The waiter went to their table. John reached over giving Lily's hand a squeeze. Wayne wished he could see her face. How was he going to get through the next few hours watching them behave like a couple?

It had been a matter of days, and she was on a date.

He listened to what the others were saying all the while observing his wife and the guy she was with. Halfway through the meal John got up to use the restroom. Wayne kept staring. His leg bounced to an uneven beat as he debated with himself.

Tony's words came back to haunt him.

"How are you going to be able to cope with seeing her with another man? You're giving someone else an opportunity to take what is yours. A stepfather for your children."

"No, that's not going to happen," he said aloud.

"Mr. Brown?" the other guys said.

"I'm sorry to have to do this. I've made a mistake, and I've got to go and deal with it." Wayne wiped his mouth on the napkin then threw it down. He got up from the table and made his way to Lily. John had gone back to the table while he'd been fighting with his own demons.

"Lily," he said as he stood next to her by their table.

She gazed up at him, all the pain and hurt clear for him to see. His heart was torn out of his chest at the look she gave him. He hadn't anticipated what his actions would really do.

"Wayne," she said before turning back to John.

"We need to talk."

"We do? I don't think so. I'm going to enjoy my meal with John. You made your decisions without consulting me. Now, go back to what you were doing." Her back was stiff, and her gaze was fixed forward.

"Please," he said.

"No." He saw her grit her teeth, and he knew her defences were wobbling. The other diners had stopped eating to watch them. Wayne knew she hated the attention. He crouched down to her.

"I swear I never meant to hurt you."

A tear slipped down her face.

"I'm sorry, John, I've got to go." Lily got up from her chair on the other side of the table and made her way outside. John went to leave, but Wayne stopped him.

"I was an ass**le. I see that now. She's my woman, and I'm not giving her up without a fight."

"Opal and Scarlet figured it would take seeing a man with her to change your mind. No harm done ... yet. You either fix this, or I'm going to take a chance with her, Wayne. She's a good person."

"Why not take her from me now?" Wayne found himself asking.

"Look, I care about her. She's a lovely person, and with the work I do I like being around someone who likes to laugh and smile. Lily is a kind-hearted woman who only wants to see people happy. I love her, Wayne. If you don't fix this then I'll be fighting for her, and I will win. She's more than just great company."

Wayne saw the fight within John's eyes. He didn't like it and refused to go down without a fight himself.

"You better put those feelings to bed, friend. Lily is mine, and I'll be damned if I let you take her from me."

"Then keep her. Otherwise, she'll be mine." John signalled the waiter. Wayne took this as his opportunity to follow her.

Lily was taking her jacket from the maitre d' when he walked through the door. He moved the other man out of the way to take over.

Like so many times before, he cupped her neck turning her to face him. Tears streamed down her cheeks. He stroked her cheek hoping she was able to forgive him.

"I'm sorry."

"No, I thought that was all it was going to take for me to forgive you, but I can't. This hurts, Wayne. You made love to me then left me with nothing but a stupid note. All the years we've spent together, and you just walked away. I'm not going to be able to forgive you that easily." She pulled away from him. Wayne didn't know what to do to keep her in his arms. Each second he let her take a step away it was a second he was losing her. The pain he'd caused might never be healed.

What the hell had he done?

"Lily, wait." He grabbed his coat from the guy waiting and followed her out. She was trying to grab a cab. "Stop this. I'll take you home."

"No. I thought I'd be able to do this, but I can't. You hurt me, Wayne. You promised me forever, and then you left me. This is not fair. I can't handle this. Leave me alone."

He took her arm in his.

"Let go of me."

"No. I promised you forever. Our friends did this tonight to gain my attention. Do your dramatics, but I'm taking you home."

She pulled her arm out of his grip. "I don't have to let you do anything. You're divorcing me."

"I've not gone through with it, Lily. You're mine, and you're staying mine. Now start walking to my car, or I swear to God I will put you over my shoulder, and when we get home I'll spank your ass." He growled the words at her getting right up close.

She pushed him away.

Wayne snapped. He knew he'd f**ked up, but he wasn't letting her get away with it anymore. With a speed he thought he'd gotten too old for, he walked in front of her and lifted Lily over his shoulder. The jacket she wore covered her generous ass as he moved toward his car.

She screamed and began pummelling his back. The small fists did no lasting damage. He was proud of her anger. Lily had grown some fire in her over the last few years. She was no longer the shy, virginal woman he'd taken. He wanted her claws and her fight.

One of the valet guys walked over.

"Don't even think about intervening, pal. I'll have your job and your life. She's my wife." The other guy nodded holding up his hands in surrender.

"Don't listen to him. He's a jerk," Lily said. Her voice rose with each word.

He dumped her in the passenger side of his car making sure the child lock was on so she wouldn't escape.

Within moments, he started the car and pulled out onto the main road and was driving them home.

She folded her arms staring out of the window. The anger inside him didn't dissipate. When they got home he was going to put her over his knee. He'd threatened her enough times. Wayne knew he was going to do it. The air around them was thick with anger and arousal. A quick glance at his woman and he saw her ni**les were puckered and pressing against the front of her dress.

He put his foot down on the accelerator. He didn't care about the rules he was breaking. Within twenty minutes he was pulling up to his home. There were a few lights on. She kept trying to open the door. When he got out and walked round to her side, he saw her frustration.

Wayne opened her door. She got out making her way for the front door. He followed behind her the tension inside them driving them both crazy.

She got inside. He stopped her from shutting the door. She walked into his office and glared at him. The challenge she was throwing at him made his c**k pulse inside his pants. The tip was leaking his cum. He knew tonight was only going to end one way. With his dick inside her.

Her arms were at her side. The breaths she took showed her need for him. He knew every inch of his woman. Her arousal was written in her eyes and body. Her tits were thrust up, and he saw her tummy trembling.

She wanted him.

Wayne knew she also wanted to claw his eyes out. Her arousal was what he worked on. The anger wasn't as strong as her need. He moved closer to her.

"What are you doing?" she asked. He saw the flash of fire in her eyes. The lick of her lips. She was practically begging him to make a move. To take her.

"You know what I'm doing." She folded her arms over her br**sts.

He stood in front of her then he pushed the jacket she wore to the floor. Wayne ran his hands from her back down to her ass. He squeezed the plump flesh, relishing her squeal of delight.

One squeeze and his glance was all it took before she began clawing at his clothes. His shirt was torn with the buttons flying everywhere. Wayne ripped her dress from the breast down to the waist. Neither cared as their hungry movements destroyed the clothes in their path.

He pushed her into the middle of the room. The electric fire gave the feel of real flames. The soft rug provided a suitable bed. He knew there wasn't going to be any easy loving tonight. The desperation he felt would only be satiated by a hard f**king. He'd been away from her for a few days, but to him it felt like years.

They went down to the floor. Wayne took the brunt of the force with Lily on top of him. He sank his fingers into her hair watching her eyes glaze over as he fisted the length then pulled her down to kiss her.

"I want you," she said.

He didn't give her a chance. With one swift turn he laid her under him, his lips sealing the deal. He plunged his tongue into her mouth taking possession of her lips.

Her moans were absorbed by him. Wayne took every moan and whimper as he kissed her. When her body became supple under him, he pulled away.

Wayne gripped her h*ps then spun her until she was on her knees in front of him. He ran a hand over her back and ass.

She whimpered.

"I promised you I'd do this." He raised his hand and brought it down on the side of her ass.

Whack.

Lily yelped. She didn't try to get away as he raised the other hand landing his palm on her other cheek.

Wayne slapped her ass, bringing out the blushing pink colour. His c**k stood out, long and thick. He saw her pu**y dripping with her cream. Her cream soaked the entrance of her pu**y.

"Do you like me spanking this ass?" he asked.

She yelped as he spanked her with three slaps of his palm.

"Yes." She cried out pressing her ass back against him.

"Stay."

"I love your hands on me, Wayne. Fuck me, please."

He didn't need any more persuasion. Wayne took hold of his length then ran it up and down her creamy slit. He tapped her cl*t with the head of his cock. She whimpered.

When she began to move over the head of his dick, he pulled away from her clit. Wayne didn't want her cl**axing too soon. He wanted their moment to last longer. The fire between them was burning brighter than ever before.

Wayne watched as he pressed the tip of his c**k inside her cunt. His length disappeared. With each inch inside her, he felt her squeezing him. She was already milking his c**k for his cum.

He held onto her waist. Her h*ps flared out supporting his hands. Wayne loved her shape. He never feared his strength with her. She was his everything.

His grip tightened as he slammed inside her.

Their cries echoed off the walls.

Chapter Six

Lily moaned as his c**k thickened inside her. She wanted more of him. Her ass was on fire from his spanks. She didn't know what was happening to her. Her body felt on fire for him. The need for him to take her hard consumed him. She loved the grip he had on her waist and hips. The lack of control showed her Wayne needed her as much as she needed him.

She pushed back onto him.

Slap.

"I didn't say you could move. You wait for my instruction." He rubbed her ass soothing out the burn.

He knelt behind her, his hard c**k penetrating her pu**y. He didn't move.

She needed him to move.

Her pu**y was on fire. She felt the tightening of her inner walls. They were uncontrollable.

"Please, Wayne. Fuck me."

"When I'm ready. A few days away from each other and you're begging for it." She heard the joy in his voice.

Lily got angry. His hands on her h*ps were no longer there. She pulled off his shaft, turned on her knees to face him then slapped his face. "How dare you?" She raised her hand to strike him once again. Wayne caught her hand in his.

She glared at him as the hurt struck her heart at his words.

"You hurt me," she said.

Wayne cupped her face tilting her head back. She stared into his eyes seeing the hurt within his own eyes.

"I'm sorry." He leaned down capturing her lips. This time there was no fire or violence. He kissed her with so much tenderness that the tears fell with ease.

"How could you leave me?" she asked.

"I thought I was ruining your life, Lily." He held her close. She felt the length of his c**k pressing against her stomach. His arms surrounded her. She wept feeling his body wrapped around her.

Lily didn't know how she was able to cope with the thought of him leaving.

"You never ruined my life, Wayne. Have you forgotten what my life was like before you came into it? You gave me the world, a family, and my father the strength to leave my stepmother."

Wayne picked her up in his arms and walked over to the couch. They lay together with her in his arms.

The passion was still shining brightly between them. However, the problems between them couldn't be settled by a quick f**k in front of the fake fire. She stared at the false flames from the electric fire lighting up the whole room. The lights on the Christmas tree twinkled in the corner. She found the tears falling from her eyes harder than before.

"Don't cry, baby. I love you with my whole heart." Wayne wiped each tear from her eye. Lily wished she could close off her feelings as quickly as he did. She wasn't made like him.

"Yet you were going to leave me. Were you really going to give me a divorce?" she asked.

He shook his head. "I thought it would be easy. Richard refused to represent me. I was so happy before I left, but I thought I was right."

"You don't need to live up to your reputation with me, Wayne. To the outside world you may be the 'Beast', but I know differently." Lily took his hand in hers. They'd gone through so much together. The children, the business world, and the media. The press didn't like her because she refused to get drawn into their world. She loved her husband and was more than happy being a mother and wife. The corporate world wasn't for her.

She recalled the betrayal she had felt when he'd called in a few favours to get her a recording contract. He really believed she had a decent voice. Lily loved singing, but doing it for a living, she didn't want to do.

Why was it so hard for people to believe she was happy with her life?

Lily got off the couch. She wanted to be with him, but sexually she'd gone off. There was too much between them to allow sex to interfere.

"Where are you going?" Wayne asked.

"I can't do this." She gathered his shirt from the floor and put it on before walking into the kitchen.

He followed her in after putting on a pair of briefs. She was thankful for him covering up.

Lily opened the fridge and pulled out some bacon and eggs before going into the pantry to grab a tin of tomatoes. Cooking always helped to clear her mind. Her hand shook as she snipped some bacon into a frying pan. She glanced at her wedding ring. The small ring suddenly felt so heavy on her finger. She never thought her wedding band would feel so odd on her finger.

"Don't," he said, covering her hand with his.

She pulled away from his touch to wash her hands. While the bacon sizzled she put the oven on to heat up.

"I'm not leaving you again, Lily. I swear." He came up behind her. She saw his reflection in the glass of the oven.

"I don't know that, Wayne. I don't know anything anymore."

She moved away from him to open up the can of tomatoes and poured them into the pan. Lily stirred the tomatoes adding some salt and pepper.

What was wrong with her? She felt odd. In the past Wayne always made it up to her.

Why did she doubt him?

You never expected him to leave you. You always put your faith in him, and he ruined it by leaving you.

Lily shook her head. When the pan bubbled with the sauce she cracked two eggs into the dents she'd made in the sauce, then transferred it to the oven.

"Lily, stop and talk to me," he said.

She glanced at him and then at her ring.

"You gave me this ring and told me to sign a prenuptial agreement that pretty much sold my soul to the devil. I was blackmailed by the Beast." She chuckled recalling the way he'd been when she was twenty-one and her family were in need of money.

"Lily," he said. She didn't wait for him to add more.

"But you were so sweet and loving. I know we've had our ups and downs over that recording deal and stuff. When are you going to realise that all I want is a family? How can I be any clearer? You didn't ruin my life then, and yet now in one move, you did."

And she knew it was down to his one move that made her so hesitant.

"I don't know what to say to make it up to you," he said.

Lily wasn't listening. She removed her engagement ring and wedding band.

"Don't do this, Lily."

She shook her head.

"I think we need to do this." Lily took his hand and opened up his palm. "This is not a divorce. I love you, Wayne, with all my heart. I want you to take these as I have a solution."

Lily smiled as she thought about the problem between them. They were happy together, and she didn't want to lose any of that. She gave a little chuckle as he squeezed them in his palm.

"I don't want to take these from you, Lily. I made a mistake."

"And you can rectify it. You feel you rushed things between us, right?" she asked.

He nodded his head. She knew he hated admitting it. Their romance wasn't the most conventional, even though she loved the possessive way he'd claimed her. He'd seen her, wanted her, and then found every means to try to claim her for his own.

"What do you want me to do?" he asked.

"Seduce me, court me. Do everything you wanted to do in the beginning but were too impatient to wait for," she said.

"And when do you want them back?" Wayne glanced down at the rings. His shoulders were slumped. She hated seeing him like this, but she knew it was the only way to get what they both wanted.

****

Wayne didn't like seeing her finger empty. He regretted leaving her the moment he'd woken up after getting completely blind drunk with the whisky in his apartment suite. She was smiling at him, which gave him hope that he'd not completely destroyed their future.

"I love you, Lily."

"I know."

He reached for her wrapping his arms around her. Her supple body moulded against his so perfectly. Wayne didn't want to let her go.

"I was an idiot."

"I know, and now you get to make it up to me. We get to have the seduction a bit backwards." She pulled away to look at him. In all of his forty-four years, he'd never doubted a single decision. His instincts were always right, and he rarely got anything wrong. This doubt he'd felt over Lily and their marriage had been wrong.

He couldn't get over how quickly he'd almost lost her.

"I could have killed John tonight," he said.

"Why? He's our friend."

"No one else puts their hands on you. You're mine." He stroked her cheek. "I don't know what I'd have done if I lost you."

"Maybe, you need to stop going with your gut when you think of me and start thinking with this." She tapped his heart. "You can't lose me, Wayne. I'd never have gone with John. He knows that. I know he cares about me, but love will never be on the cards."

She leaned up and kissed him. "I look forward to your seduction."

"Aren't you a little worried?" he asked.

Lily shook her head. "I'm a little excited about our future. You're not leaving, are you?" she asked.

Wayne shook his head. "This is going to be one strange courtship."

"The kids have missed you," she said, turning her back to him. He watched her open the oven to grab the saucepan of bubbling tomato and eggs.

He loved this dish. It was the meal she always made when they were alone together. Wayne went to grab some of the semi-stale bread to dip into the bubbling yolks. Lily made it to perfection. They sat at the dining room table. Wayne pulled her into his lap, took a chunk of bread and dipped it into the oozing egg. He fed it to Lily watching her eat. Wayne got so much enjoyment out of her pleasure for food. He loved to eat with her. There was something intimate about being seated together closely and eating or feeding each other. Lily dipped some of her bread then turned to feed him. He took the bread staring into her eyes as he did.

It wasn't the most romantic or elegant food, but to him in that moment it was perfect. He cupped her waist as he dipped bread into the pan. It reminded him of all the times they'd stayed up together. Or when her father took the children, giving them some time alone. Wayne had paid for a nanny, but Lily didn't like the thought of a stranger taking care of her children. Their close friends and her father were fine.

Wayne wouldn't argue with her as long as he got her at the end of the day. He stroked her waist while they finished their egg and tomatoes. The food was delicious.

His mind was racing with all the thoughts of seduction. For too long he'd been wanting their beginning to be better. Now was his chance to give her the start in their relationship that she deserved.

"That was delicious," he said.

"Thank you."

"I'm taking you to bed. I'm not going to do anything. I need to hold you."

"I'd like that."

She took him by the hand, and together they walked up to their bedroom. Wayne gazed at the bed and saw she hadn't slept in their bed.

"I slept in with Layla. I couldn't bear to be in this bed without you."

"I'm so sorry." He captured her lips with his own. "I'm only going to give you good memories from now on."

Wayne picked her up in his arms then carried her to their bed. She chuckled when he dropped her on the centre of the bed.

He climbed over her, pulling the sheets over the pair of them. Wayne wrapped his arm around her waist, kissing her neck and shoulder. His pelvis rested against her ass. He gave a moan as she wriggled her ass on his cock.

"That's not fair," he said.

"We're courting, but that doesn't mean we can't play." He kissed her neck and licked a path up to ear.

"Is that an invitation?" he asked. Wayne moved down to cup her na**d mound. She moaned. All of his good intentions went out of the window. "You've got to tell me to stop, Lily."

Wayne was holding on by a thread.

Chapter Seven

Lily knew she shouldn't let it go any further. She'd meant every word she'd said to him downstairs. Giving them a chance to seduce and court each other should get past all of their problems. Her finger felt bare without her rings. She hoped they could get over this lull between them sooner rather than later. His touch stirred her blood. She wanted to change the memory of their last time in this bed.

She got up on the bed and straddled his waist.

"We can certainly play, but for tonight, I'm in charge." The shirt she wore was pulled off her body. His boxers covered his cock, and that was how she wanted it to be for a little bit. Wayne reached up to cup her br**sts. She moaned when he squeezed her ni**les between his fingers. They were always so sensitive. The pleasure shot straight to her pu**y. She felt her slick juices coating her pu**y. Her cl*t was swollen, and she rubbed her slit over the ridge of his cock.

Their moans combined.

"You're going to kill me woman," he said.

"You'd die happy."

Wayne sank his fingers into the length of her hair. She'd kept it long ever since they'd met. He loved her hair. He'd told her many times. "I love your hair," he said.

Lily chuckled.

"What?"

"I was just thinking about how much you love my hair. The length of it."

"You're amazing, Lily. I never left for anything other than my own stupid beliefs."

"Shush," she said, covering his mouth with a finger to his lips. "You don't need to talk about anything else." She kissed his lips feeling the strength of him underneath her. He ran his hand over her back and cupped her ass. She cried out as his fingers squeezed the flesh of her ass.

"I wanted you to f**k me so hard," she said, recalling his hard penetration down the stairs earlier.

"All you need to do is ask, Lily. I'm all yours."

"Actually, I love having you under me. I feel powerful. You have to do as you're told," she said.

"You're in charge?" he asked.

"Yes."

"So, I can't do this." Wayne pushed his hand between them running two fingers along her cl*t then down to her pu**y. The move was so quick that Lily didn't have time to protest. All she was able to do was push herself onto his fingers. Her tits bounced as he pushed his pelvis up.

"You're not fair."

"Seduction isn't fair, baby. Not when I want to get what I want." Wayne pulled on her hair making her arch her chest up to him. This is what she'd missed. His playfulness. All the time he'd been worried about their beginning, he must have forgotten how important their future could be.

Lily rode the wave with him enjoying the sensations his touch created. She closed her eyes when he caressed her nub. The intense pleasure consumed her with need. There was a time when she would have been embarrassed to be open with him. Not anymore. Wayne accepted her the way she was. She looked forward to his seduction. Wayne could be really sweet when he wanted to be.

She smiled and decided to fight fire with fire. Moving one of her hands away from his chest, she reached behind her to stroke the thick length of his cock.

He growled. The noise made her ni**les pucker and ache for his tongue. The briefs he wore obstructed her touch, but she got what she wanted when he let go of her hair.

"You're a witch," he said.

"No, not a witch." She leaned down to kiss his lips. "I want you." The need rose inside her as she moved down his body to claw at his briefs. Together, they pulled them from his body. His c**k stood straight up in a thick pulsing line.

She circled the base then move to the tip and back down again. Lily licked her lips. She knew the small action would drive him wild with need.

"Lily," he said. She knew from the tone of his voice he was warning her. With a smile on her lips she straddled his pelvis. The length of his c**k lay between her slit. She felt the tip peeking out of the top. His whole length rubbed along her clit.

"I've got you right where I want you," she said.

Lily smiled pressing her br**sts against his chest. Wayne kept growling as he tried to capture one of her tits. She made sure she was out of his reach.

"You're going to drive me insane."

"I know, but we'll both be a lot happier for it." She chuckled when he caught her arms and spun her underneath him.

"You've given me permission to seduce, and I intend to take full advantage." He went to kiss her lips. Lily turned her head. She gasped when he bit down on her neck, sucking in her flesh.

He'd leave a mark, and she wanted him to. His lack of control gave her hope. She sank her fingers into his hair then pulled on the strands she caught. He eased up to claim her lips.

Lily did the only thing she could do. She submitted to him. Wayne took over like she wanted him to. He kissed down her body until he tongued her slit. She cried out when he denied her release. Her orgasm rode the edge of painful ecstasy.

Wayne denied her release. She watched as he took his c**k in his hand then pushed inside her wet pu**y. He changed position so that his back was against the head board. Lily sat in his lap with her legs wrapped around his back, pressed against the board. She stared into his eyes. Even as she sat in his lap with his c**k buried deep inside her, Wayne was larger than her in everything.

She felt closer to him as he enfolded her with his arms, his lips brushing against hers. His c**k pulsed making her close her eyes with a moan. He moved her hair out of the way. She never understood why he loved her hair when he always ended up pushing it out of the way.

"I love your hair because I get to be near you. I can wrap the length around my fist and pull. Also, it drives you crazy when I pull on your hair. I've felt your cunt soak at the sting."

"How did you know what I was thinking?" she asked.

"Because nothing ever changed between us, Lily. You're still the woman I fell in love with," he said.

"I'm older now." She'd never thought of her age as an issue before. She was thirty-three years old. It had been twelve years they'd been married. "Do you think we surpassed the seven year itch?"

"I'll never get bored of you, baby. I was a jerk. I can admit that. I want you to have your rings back," he said.

Lily shook her head. "Not until you're satisfied that I'm happy being your wife."

"I just think you can be so much more."

"I don't want to be."

"Kiss me. I want your lips on mine," he said.

"You're changing the subject." She gasped as he leaned in and captured a nipple between his lips.

"I'm not changing the subject. My c**k is buried inside you. I can feel every pulse and squeeze of your pu**y. It is driving me crazy. I can think. Everything else can wait. I have you in my arms, and my seduction doesn't have to remain out of the bedroom. I'm going to take full advantage." He grabbed her h*ps moving her along his shaft.

Lily could do no more than take the ride with him. He pushed inside her, moving harder. His c**k pushed against her cervix. The depth made it hard for her to catch her breath. She wanted to pull away and slam back down on him. The pleasure drove her more than ever.

She cried out when he moved. Wayne pulled out of her body before she'd gotten chance to cl**ax. She growled in frustration.

He got off the bed then patted the end. She crawled to him. Wayne shook his finger. "Crawl back showing me your ass."

Turning away she slowly crawled to the edge of the bed. Seconds later she felt him press the tip of his c**k into her core. There was nothing else she could do. Wayne took over. His hands on her h*ps guided her onto his shaft. He pushed in. Her pu**y was slick with her own juices, making it easier for him to penetrate her.

****

Wayne took full advantage of his wife. He knew exactly what would drive her crazy. She whimpered when he caressed her ass. He couldn't believe how much Lily enjoyed their kinky play. They'd experimented with so much over the years. He'd never encountered any feeling about the seven year itch.

She was everything he needed. No other woman entered his mind. Lily was all the woman he needed.

Slap.

Wayne slapped her ass feeling her juices coat his c**k deep inside her pu**y. There was nothing he wouldn't do. He leaned over to the drawer at the side of his bed. They'd been experimenting with anal play before he acted like an ass**le and left her.

Out of all of his ideas, leaving her out of guilt from the years he'd taken from her had been his stupidest idea yet. He hoped he never had to see her with another man. The sooner he got his rings back on her finger the better he'd be.

He grabbed the lubrication he'd stored there. Wayne shook his head when he thought about what he'd almost lost. Whatever had caused his desertion, he'd make sure to always speak with Lily about what she wanted.

Wayne knew he didn't want to end up like his parents, off somewhere only happy with another beer inside them. He never wanted to live that life. Waking up surrounded by whisky bottles had been a wake-up call to him. Followed that with the reality of her having a meal with John and he'd been ready to lose it.

He knew he'd have to thank Richard for intervening. If his friend hadn't refused to represent him, he might have already gone through with it all. He ran his hand over her back feeling her quiver. Her cunt tightened around his shaft.

Wayne squirted a generous amount of lubrication onto his two fingers. Lily let out a squeal as he pressed his two lubricated fingers to her anus. Her pu**y tensed around him. He waited until she relaxed. When her pu**y loosened he pressed the tip of one finger into her puckered hole.

Her hands fisted in the sheets around her head. "If you want me to stop tell me now."

She shook her head.

"It feels tight at first. I love it when you do this. When you push me to the limit. Please, don't stop."

He chuckled pressing his finger until she'd taken him to the knuckle. Her pu**y contracted around his dick. Her slick juices covered his cock. He pulled out of her pu**y to see her juices leaking out.

Wayne moaned and pumped his c**k in his fist. At the same time he pumped his finger into her ass watching her take more of him with ease. He wanted his c**k inside her ass so bad.

Their experimentation had never gotten as far as anal sex. Lily pushed back against him. Were they ready?

"Do you want me, Lily?" he asked.

"Yes, please, Wayne. Make this ache stop," she said.

Grabbing the lubrication Wayne squirted plenty over the length of his cock. He used the last bit in the tube pressing the tip into her ass as he made sure she was more than prepared for his cock.

"Let me know if this hurts at any time. I promise I'll stop."

"I trust you," she said.

Perspiration beaded his forehead. He didn't want to hurt her. Taking the head of his c**k in his hand Wayne pressed the head to her tiny virginal hole. He couldn't offer her any reassuring words.

Their needs were the only thing that mattered to him. He pressed inside. The tight muscles of her ass fought with him. Wayne didn't know if he'd be able to press forward without hurting her. Lily took it out of his hands as she pressed backwards taking the head of him past her tightness.

They both moaned.

Wayne lost his temper. He slapped her ass hard. "Don't ever do that again. I could have hurt you." He slapped her again for good measure.

All he got was a moan of pleasure. Lily liked his punishments too much. He got his emotions under control.

Once he was under control he stared down at where his dick was halfway inside Lily's ass and lost it again. It was the most erotic thing he'd seen. They'd had sex in their cars, on the counters, and in front of mirrors, but staring down at his c**k in her ass beat all of them.

Chapter Eight

Lily bit her lip to stop herself from crying out. He felt so big, and she couldn't believe his c**k was in her ass. She took a few deep breaths burying her head in her arms. Her pu**y was on fire. Her ass felt full. They'd been experimenting with anal sex. She loved it when he touched her. It always felt forbidden to her.

She never knew it could be so exciting or feel wonderful. There was a slight edge of pain to the pleasure, but it didn't mask how wonderful she felt. His hands landed on her hips. His touch was almost bruising as he pushed the last few inches of his large c**k inside her.

Unable to contain her pleasure any longer, her cries echoed off their bedroom walls. She closed her eyes to stop herself from pulling away or reaching to take more. The intensity of sensation was too much for her to bear. Her mind was all over the place, and all she could do was feel.

He pushed the last few inches inside her then held still. She was thankful for the time he was taking. It was like he was taking her virginity all over again.

"I'm all in, baby. How does it feel?" he asked. He ran his hands all over her back. His touch soothed her nerves. Her whole body was shaking. She didn't know the answer to his question.

"I don't know," she said.

"Do you want me to stop?"

She shook her head. It was the only part of herself she was sure of. "Would it help if you saw my face?" he asked.

Lily thought about it. The sensations were so intense. She wanted to share it with Wayne.

"Yes," she said, nodding her head.

"I'm going to have to move you, Lily."

She nodded her head again then followed him as he moved her up the bed. He didn't pull out and followed behind her. She didn't know how he did it, but he settled behind her back spooning her, his c**k still deep inside her. He cupped her cheek turning her to face him. Wayne leaned over, loving her with his whole body.

"I love you, baby. Forever and always."

Tears sprang to her eyes as he began to move within her. It was kinky, erotic, and so damn sweet that she didn't where she ended and he began. He knew what to do. His hand moved down her body while his other hand held hers. Lily felt alive with his hands on her. One caressing and the other kept her grounded.

His hand moved down to her thigh then around to cup her pu**y. She stared into his eyes. He leaned down to claim her lips. Lily gave him everything she had. Her love, her heart, and soul. She moaned underneath him. Their connection felt stronger than before. His fingers slipped between her pu**y as he thrust inside her ass.

Lily squeezed his hand and used her other hand to prop herself up so she could face him.

"You're so wet," he said, teasing her cl*t between his fingers.

"Only you do that to me." He returned her kiss pushing his fingers deep inside her pu**y to coat his fingers with her juice. Wayne used his slicked fingers to tease and stroke her clit. The tightening began in her tummy and worked up all over her body.

His pace didn't slow. He held her close as their passion threatened to swallow her whole. Wayne kept her firmly within his grasp. She squeezed his hand as her orgasm overcame her. The sensation of her orgasm was a tidal wave as every nerve ending felt ready to burn from the fire Wayne was building within her.

Lily didn't know what to do. She felt like she was floating with no hope of finding ground.

"I'm here, baby. I'll never let you go. I'm all yours. Give it to me, Lily," Wayne said. He kissed her head. Wayne provided her with an anchor that was far more real to her than anything else. He'd always be her white knight. The man she could trust. She stared into his eyes, and the years melted away.

Her orgasm crashed through her threatening to send her out to sea with no way to return. Like so many times before, Wayne was there to catch her. Unlike all the other times, Lily knew there wasn't going to be anything else to come between them.

His own growl of completion echoed round the room. She felt his pulse and the wash of his cum inside her. His hold didn't stop. He kept her close even though she knew it was hard for him. They collapsed together on the bed. Her heart pounded inside her chest and threatened to escape.

All through the chaos of emotion there was only one person who held her. The only person she could ever give herself to completely. Wayne, her beast, had his hands wrapped around her, holding her close.

She stared at him. The only two who existed in the world were them. She felt so alive with him. Twelve years of being together felt insignificant.

He stroked her cheek. She scented her arousal but didn't care. Wayne consumed every part of her. He'd taken every part of her. Her entire virginity was his to possess. She had never felt so happy.

"I'm going to take care of you," he said.

She nodded her head. Words evaded her. He picked her up and carried her into the bathroom. She didn't know where he got the strength to lift her weight, but he did it. Lily put it down to one of life's miracles.

Wayne took her hand while he ran a bath. He added some soap to create bubbles. When the water was nice and warm, he helped her in.

Neither spoke a word as he picked up a sponge and began to soap her body. He washed her back and cleaned her ass. He was tender and sweet. All the while he kept a hand around her waist. He was always touching her in some way.

She needed his touch more than she needed to take her next breath.

Once they were both cleaned, Wayne let the water out, wrapped her in a towel and helped her out of the bath.

Lily stood while he dried her body. He kept his eyes on her at all times, never leaving her alone for a second.

When they were done in the bathroom, he lifted her in his arms with one arm supporting her back and the other under her knee. She didn't protest. All she did was wrap her arm around his neck.

He laid her in the bed and got in behind her. Unlike before she was content to feel him behind her without having sex. What she'd just felt would stay with her for the rest of her life.

Wayne stroked her hair as the minutes began to pass. No words were needed.

Her eyes began to droop as sleep claimed her. She closed her eyes feeling content. For the first time since Wayne had come to her life she really knew what it meant to feel safe and protected.

"I love you, Lily. I'll never stop."

She smiled. His words were whispered against her ear. The soothing tone of his voice made her heart melt. She felt him grow lax as sleep took him. Lily closed her eyes and fell to sleep. She didn't dream. Her heart and world were content.

****

Wayne stared at his wife. She looked so peaceful. The sun was coming up. He wanted to go and make her some tea, but he didn't want her to think he'd left her like before. Wayne stroked her face and waited for her to wake up.

He felt part of her. Their lovemaking had been so passionate the night before. He wanted to smack himself for ever doubting their time together. Lily didn't want a different life. He was so stupid to have thought otherwise.

Lily moved, and in the next instant she opened her eyes. He smiled down at her. "Morning, baby."

"You're still here."

"Where else would I be?" he asked, pleased he had made the right decision in staying.

"I don't know. You think some crazy thoughts sometimes. I can't always keep up." She stretched.

Wayne moved the sheets out of the way so he could see her body better. He moaned at her ripe tits and flushed skin. She was addictive to him.

"You can't keep thinking that. I've pawned the kids off for long enough. I'm going to start walking them to school."

He smiled even though his mind was on the sex. It was the weekend, and Scarlet and Richard would be bringing back their kids. Blake and Harry were the best of friends. Nothing would keep them apart.

"Christmas is coming. I'm going to take some time off work and spend time with you. I think it's time we got together and began to get this house festive. I know the tree is up and some decorations but not everything. I've been lax in my department." Wayne stroked her belly.

"You'd really do that?" she asked.

"I'd love to do it. Do you remember our first Christmas together?"

"Where you walked in when I was singing?" Lily smiled placing her hand on top of his.

"The very one. This is going to be a great year for us," he said. Wayne felt it, too. "I know I made a mistake, but I'm going to make it up to you."

"I know. I look forward to wearing my rings again."

Wayne chuckled. He had an idea for the rings. "I'm going to go and make you some breakfast for a change, and I'm going to clean away the breakfast dishes. Will you be okay to get ready and meet me downstairs in half an hour?" he asked.

"Are you going to phone Richard?" she asked.

"Yes. We'll have this weekend together as a family, and next week we'll prepare for Christmas. I'll phone and make sure work understands I'll be taking a Christmas vacation." He leaned down, kissed her lips, then got out of bed. Wayne knew her gaze followed him out of the room.

First, he went down to the laundry room and grabbed himself a pair of pants before going into his study to make a call. Wayne phoned work first and ordered his secretary to cancel all of his meetings or to get someone else to cover for him. Once everything was done he phoned Richard. He knew Tony had already taken Opal away. The lucky bastard didn't have children to worry about. Wayne loved his kids, but he wished he could spend more time with Lily.

"Hello," Scarlet said after several rings. "I told you to put that in the suitcase. Blake, stop encouraging Harry. Hello."

Wayne chuckled.

"Well, you're not Lily, and I bet you're not John."

He heard the humour in her voice. "I take it the date with John was your and Opal's idea?"

"You needed to have your reality check, Wayne. I guess it worked. The incoming number is from your own home. How is Lily?" she asked.

"Thank you. You were right. I needed a reality check."

"You're welcome. Don't worry about it, Wayne. We're all here for you. You have your friends you can count on."

He smiled. "Is Richard there? I want to apologise to him, and also, I think it's time you made your way over here. Don't you guys have somewhere to be?" he asked.

"Yes, we're getting ready. The nanny should be following us up. Richard doesn't want me to spend the whole time on my feet. I'm sure that man would be shocked by how much work parenting is. Anyway, here he is."

The phone passed hands. He heard muttered words and then the sound of kissing. Richard came on the phone several seconds later.

"I take it I was right?"

"Yes, I was wrong." Wayne chuckled.

"Put it down to having the lawyer instinct. It messes with everything. Are you happy?" Richard asked, getting down to business.

"We'll get there. This has put a dent in everything. I shouldn't have left and should have just talked to her. I'm learning from my mistakes." Wayne ran his fingers through his hair as he looked out of his study window.

"As long as you're going to fix it. I love you like a brother. I don't want you to be in any kind of pain. You or Tony. We're all a family with our wives."

"I can't wait until that smug bastard has kids," Wayne said, remembering the gloating look Tony had had when Wayne went a little insane after learning about Lily's pregnancy. At the time she'd been terrified, and he didn't want to scare her. He'd kept all the fear tightened down. Maybe that was what they needed to do. Spend some time opening up about their fears. He filed the thought away for thinking about later.

"Even though I know it will be with my sister, I'd love to see the panic within him. He'll be older than us when his first is born."

Wayne spent another few minutes talking with his friend catching up on other facts. Once they were done, he hung up and went into the kitchen. He knew how to cook the bare essentials, bacon, eggs and toast, but with a lot of stuff Lily did it better. Anyway, he'd make the effort to do something special for her.

He put a couple of pans on the oven top then went to get the ingredients he needed to make her an omelette. Not a very romantic breakfast, but at least it was the one thing he knew how to cook.

After he heated the pans he grabbed the eggs and began making the omelettes. When they went under the grill he grabbed a couple of plates. He leaned under a counter and pulled out a booklet.

Frowning, he turned it over. It looked like a scrapbook, something similar to what a child would make. He flipped it over and saw a family photo of their family. Wayne smiled. There were a few decorations on the front page. All of them were personal and to make it look pretty.

He opened the page and took a seat at the counter. It was a book of memories. Every point within her culinary life, Lily had documented. He chuckled when he saw one of the curries she'd made. Beside the picture of the curry was a warning about the horrid taste. There were several pictures of them and then a section on morning sickness.

It was part of their life in a large book. He saw where she'd glued another book underneath.

"Wow, please don't feed me this," Lily said, pulling the frying pans out of the grill. The omelettes on top were black. He'd been oblivious to the passing of time.

"Sorry," he said.

"I found this."

She stood next to him.

"I didn't know you were doing something like this." He closed the book running a hand over the cover.

"I'm a big believer in documenting every new part of our life."

He reached for her pulling her close. Wayne inhaled her scent and knew their life was going to be okay.

Chapter Nine

Over the next week Wayne kept to his word. He refused to take any business calls. Anything that could be handled by someone else was passed along. Lily loved having him all to herself. When they were together the twelve years that had passed melted away. He took her to lunch to take time out of shopping. When they weren't shopping or wrapping presents Lily was baking in the kitchen. Wayne spent a great deal of time on decorations. He purchased more lights, and at night she saw how awful he was at working on a straight line. She made mince pies and cookies. Several nights carol singers came 'round to the house. They'd left the gate open to allow the freedom of festivities. Wayne warned about the dangers.

He took her to the jewellers to have her ring size tested. Lily refused. She didn't need another ring. He'd promised to owe her a favour if she agreed to do this for him.

"A favour?" she asked.

"Yes, I'll give you anything you want."

She smiled recalling all the dirty thoughts that had rushed through her mind at the time. Lily topped the last of the mince tarts when she heard a curse come from the dining room table. Wiping her hands on the towel she moved into the dining room.

He glanced up when she chuckled. Wayne glared at her. He had cello tape wrapped around his whole hand. The doll he'd been trying to wrap looked nothing like a doll.

"You could help me," he said.

"I will. I'll get you a cup of tea." She left him fighting with a toy to go and get the beverages. When the kettle finished boiling she poured them both a cup of tea. She glanced down at her finger and felt the loss of his rings. Lily wondered when he'd find the time to give them to her.

Their problems seemed so petty now. She would do anything to get the rings back on her finger. Over the last few days she'd hinted as much.

Shrugging her shoulders, she pulled out the tray of mince pies to let them sit on a cooling rack.

Lily took two then walked back into the dining room. When she'd put the cups and plate down, she helped Wayne with the toy. He really didn't have a knack for wrapping.

"You used to do this?" he asked.

She nodded, smiling.

"I thought you got it gift wrapped." He mumbled something else, which she didn't quite catch.

"I may have come from money, but as you know my dad lost it. Spending money on gift-wrapping was a waste of time. I was told to make it look like it had been gift-wrapped." She took the present from him, and in a few quick movements she wrapped the doll. Lily wrote on a label then added it to the other Santa bags she'd made over the years.

He grumbled some more. She tested the heat of the mince pie then pressed it to his mouth.

"Eat and stop moaning. At least you have me to wrap for you." She moved all the paper and presents out of the way.

"How can I help? I thought wrapping presents would be easier. I can't bake, and I certainly can't wrap. What the hell do I have to offer?" he asked.

Lily chuckled. "Stop moaning. You've never spent Christmas by actually doing anything," she said. "It's not about all this. You care, and I know that. This will come in time."

"You're only being nice to me," he said.

"No, I'm not. Wayne, I love you. You went to work, and I did all the homely stuff. I love doing this, and to be honest it makes me happy knowing you can't do it."

"Why?"

"Because it means I'm good at something." She admitted the hard truth. No matter how long she'd been away from her sister and stepmother, the damage they caused still made her feel worthless at times.

He reached out to cup her cheek. "You're good at everything you do, baby. Don't let them keep hurting you." He stroked her cheek making her smile. Her eyes watered at his sweet words.

"Thank you."

"I mean it. I never knew how much went into this stuff. It makes me proud to know you handled this all by yourself." Lily felt the blush rising up in her cheeks. "Anyway, there is something I wanted us to do." He leaned down and pulled something off the chair.

She saw the book of memories she'd been storing away over their twelve years of marriage.

"You want to talk about my scrapbook?" she asked.

"Not exactly. I want to talk about us. This is our time to put it all on the table and for us to discuss our lives and our marriage."

Lily took a sip of her tea thinking about what he was asking.

"You want us to sit and talk about certain memories of the past?" Lily asked.

"Yes, I think it will be good for us to get it all out in the open."

She took another sip of her tea wondering where to start. Over the years there had been many instances where she'd wanted to say something to him but kept it all inside. Wayne could be very closed off when he wanted to be.

"Okay, you look worried. Let's just talk and see where it goes. Our wedding day, what did you think?" he asked.

"It was so long ago, Wayne. These memories seem pointless now. We both know we didn't have the most conventional day. Why delve into them?" Lily ran her fingers through her hair. Her finger felt empty without the engagement ring and wedding band.

Discussing the past didn't feel important when there were so many other facts to take into account.

"I don't want it to be a factor for us. I love you, Lily." He reached out taking her hand.

"Then don't talk about it," she said.

"We need to."

"No, you were an ass, Wayne. Yes, you saw what you wanted, and you did everything you could until you took what you wanted. Are you waiting for me to blame you for the life I lead?" she asked.

"Yes, that's what I want you to do. I feel like I need you to rant and rave at me."

"I don't know if you're joking." Lily didn't understand. Their relationship had been fine. More than fine up until he decided to leave.

"How can I convince you that I'm happy?" she asked.

He shook his head dropping his head in his hands. "I don't know. I don't want you to wake up in the morning worried if I'm not there when you wake up."

Lily knew she'd freaked out the first morning she'd woken up when she hadn't seen him lying beside her. Was it her fault that he was the person to leave like that first thing in the morning without saying a word about his intention?

Instead of arguing with him, she got up out of her seat and went to him. She lifted his head out of his hands and stared into his eyes.

"I love you, Wayne. I don't need to dwell on the past no matter how much you think I do. Our seduction was supposed to be about you finally courting me." She kissed his lips. "Talking about the past won't change it. All we can do is learn from our mistakes." Lily stroked his stubbled cheek. The Christmas shopping was making him lazy in the shaving department. She chuckled at how tired he looked.

He'd come home from thirteen hour work days and not looked as tired as he did right now. Being a homemaker was taking it out of him. She stroked his hair and decided getting out of the house would be the best idea. It was only lunch time, so they had plenty of time to drive to the ice rink.

"Come on," she said, pulling on his hand.

"Where are we going?" he asked.

"You'll see. Consider this the start of our date." Lily grabbed her jacket along with a pair of gloves, a hat, and a scarf. "Wrap up warm."

Five minutes later they were out of the house. She gave Wayne directions to where she wanted to go.

He parked the car ten minutes later. She saw the rink had several people on it already.

"An ice rink?"

"It's an open ice rink. Come on. It'll be fun." Lily got out of the car and led him over to the person handing out the ice skates. She paid the guy for two pairs. Wayne grumbled but put them on in without much enthusiasm. Once she'd tied her laces she began the weird walk onto the ice. The moment the blades hit the ice she grabbed for the wall. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea. Her gloves didn't provide much grip. The snow and the cold didn't change the fact she'd never ice skated before in all of her life. In the movies they made it look so easy.

"You have a death grip on that thing," Wayne said, looking perfect and graceful on his feet.

"Okay, well, I don't actually skate. In fact I've never skated before." She felt her cheeks heating.

"You mean to tell me you've brought me on a date, and you can't even skate?" he asked. There was a smile on his face and an ease that she hadn't seen in a long time.

"I thought it was a good idea. You have to admit this is a beautiful spot for a date," she said.

He gazed around at the scenery. Lily smiled at him seeing the ease slowly seep into his facial expression. "You're right. This is a beautiful place."

"I know I'm right. I'm a woman. Now, help me like all those kind men do in the movies." She reached out to him only to slip on the ice. Lily knew she was about to land on her butt. Wayne caught her right in time.

"I've got you, baby." He lifted her up then circled round holding her hands out in front of her.

Lily kept her gaze on her feet.

"Don't look at your feet. Look at me," he said.

"Are you going to help me?" she asked.

"Yes. I won't let you fall. Now, trust me."

She held onto his hands as he began to move backwards. Several times she tried to look down, but Wayne stopped her with his firm grip.

"I should have known you'd be good at this," she said.

"And why is that?"

"You're good at everything else, so why not be good at ice skating?"

"I can't bake, cook, or wrap a present without it looking like some alien contraption. I can run a multi-million dollar business and make love to my wife. Skating is a piece of cake, and you'll get there. I never knew how much fun this could be." Wayne smiled twirling her in his arms making her squeal.

He stopped, and she was still on her feet. She took in a few gulps of air to try to get everything working once again.

"When did you learn how to skate?" she asked to try to distract herself from her possible death.

"Tony, Richard, and I used to spend most of our free time growing up going skating on a frozen lake or going to an open ice rink. That feels like a lifetime ago." Wayne smiled looking past her shoulder.

She saw the pleasure on his face and was happy her idea had worked. "You're an old man now, Wayne. It is pretty much a lifetime ago." Lily couldn't help but tease.

"Be warned, baby, I'm the one holding you up."

Lily smiled sweetly at him loving the way they moved around the rink slowly.

"You look so adorable in your hat," he said.

"What are you trying to say?"

He chuckled. "We need to do this more often."

"Go ice skating?"

"No, going out on a date. I know we have the kids to consider, and if they were at home we'd be taking them with us. I think we need to make some time for just us." He pulled her in close so her body was flush with his. Their thick jackets masked any sensation. Lily went light-headed from the closeness. His presence still had the power to stir her.

"I'd like that. No work, no stresses, just you and me." She leaned in for a kiss. He let her go for a split second, and in that time, her foot skidded out. Before she had chance to warn him a squeal escaped her as she grabbed onto his jacket for help.

Nothing helped. Wayne wasn't prepared, and they both went backwards onto the ice. Lily gasped as he caught his weight in time. Her butt ached, but she couldn't help but laugh. Wayne stared down at her with a smile on his lips.

"Oops," she said.

"I don't find anything to oops about it." He pressed his pelvis against hers making her aware of his aroused state. Her laugh turned to a moan within a matter of seconds. "I'm very happy." Wayne leaned down and claimed her lips.

Lily wrapped her arms around his neck. Her pu**y pulsed while her ni**les hardened at his contact.

His tongue plunged inside her mouth. She wanted his c**k plunging in her pu**y. Lily thrust up against him wishing for more. Everything around her disappeared. They were the only two who existed in the world.

"Hey, no hanky-panky on the ice. Not even at Christmas," a guy shouted. Wayne broke off the kiss, and Lily saw one of the security guards waving his hands at them.

"Sorry," Wayne said, moving off her body and helping her up. "It won't happen again."

Lily felt a blush spreading up to her cheeks. Several couples were smiling at them. "I can't believe that happened." She buried her face against his jacket. His arms were around her like a vise holding her steady.

"We were going at it like a couple of teenagers who'd never done it before." He chuckled.

She hit his chest then let him lead her around the rink.

Chapter Ten

Wayne led her around the rink several times. Every time he tried to let her go on her own, she almost ended up on her ass. He knew it would be several more visits and plenty of practice before she'd be able to skate on her own.

He looked forward to teaching her. The time they were sharing was developing a closeness he felt had been missing between them for some time. When they had an hour left before they needed to get their kids, Wayne helped her out of the rink. He knelt before her to remove her skates and then placed her own shoes on her feet.

"I can do that myself," she said. There was a smile on her face. He knew she liked his extra attention.

"I know. I don't want to risk you hurting yourself any more than you already have. How is your butt? Do you need me to rub it better when I get home?"

"Maybe. I think my whole body is sore. Would you rub it all better?"

"It would be my pleasure." He got up and kissed her.

Once his own skates were removed he took her hand and led her to a hot chocolate and burger stand. He loved the fact Lily could eat. No matter where he went he didn't have to worry about her offending a chef with asking him to remove something from the dressing or the salad. She was one hundred percent woman.

They took their food and sat in one of the table and chairs provided near the rink. It was cold, and his butt was numb from the cold seat; but he didn't care. Lily looked happy. The time they were spending together was bringing them closer than any therapy session could. At least, he hoped it was. He'd never been to a therapy session, and he didn't plan to.

He sipped his chocolate finding the taste a little sweet. Wayne winced then put it down.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"You've been spoiling me all these years. Your hot chocolate is way better than that."

Lily laughed then took a sip of her own. "Mine's perfect."

"Is it perfect because of our date?"

"Everything is perfect because of our date. I don't care about an overly sweet hot chocolate or my burnt burger or that the cheese tastes wrong. To me, in this moment, nothing can spoil our time together."

"You really are an amazing woman," he said.

She smiled. He reached out to take her hand as they finished their food. Wayne had only ever taken the time at Christmas because of Lily. He glanced around at the decorations on the trees and the images of snowmen and Santa on the street lights, and he felt a sparkle begin to build inside him. There were carols being sung by a local choir down the street. They had some microphones for their voices to be heard for quite a distance.

"You feel it, don't you?" she asked.

"What?"

"The Christmas spirit. I feel it every year. I know you never have. You put up the decorations and take part, but you've never felt it before. This is it, Wayne. You're happy."

Wayne squeezed her hand. He'd not felt excited for Christmas since he was a boy. Before his parents had ruined nearly every Christmas with their fighting and drinking.

He smiled, finally feeling something about this time of year. "You've made me feel something, Lily. Not the Christmas decorations or the music. Being here with you is what has opened up my mind."

"You're a charmer."

"I'm a man in love."

She blushed, her colour reminding him of her sore ass.

"Come on. We'll walk for the kids. It looks like it'll be snowing again soon." He took their cups back to the stand and thanked them. Lily waited for him outside of the park. Several couples passed, but he got a chance to simply look at his woman. Her long brown hair fell around her shoulders and down her back in spiralled curls. He loved spending the time simply brushing out the length. Her body was obscured by her jacket, but he'd memorised her curves. Her tits were large with dark ni**les and had nursed three of his children. He recalled the few stretch marks on her tummy. She'd cried for days and wouldn't allow him near her unless she wore something to cover most of her body. His c**k ached recalling the time he'd spent showing her how much he adored those marks. She'd given birth to three human beings. To him, those marks turned him on. They reminded him of the love she'd given him along with the pleasure he'd given and taken from her body.

Her h*ps flared out then around to the fullest ass he'd ever sunk his teeth into. He loved slapping her rounded cheeks and seeing them shine a nice blushing red. She turned towards him then held her hand up for him to take.

Wayne took her offered hand, walking beside her through the busy street. His c**k thickened in his pants. He shut off all thought of her glorious body.

There was so much he loved about her, that he didn't want to even consider living in a world without her in it.

He'd made a mistake, and now was his time to rectify that. They collected the children and took them home to finish their homework. While Lily cooked dinner, Wayne sat with their kids.

When they were sat around the dinner table Wayne couldn't believe how much he'd missed over the years. His children were growing up, and he was part of a family. For twelve years, how had he missed that?

Tears stung his eyes as he looked at all of them. He ate spoonfuls of sauce and pasta wondering what he'd been doing with his life.

He was a good father, but an attentive one? Shaking his head, he excused himself from the table.

Wayne didn't watch where he was going until he was at the bottom of the garden. He took in great gulps of fresh air. There were a few sprinkles of snow falling. The tears he'd kept inside himself for so long started to fall. They were not huge gut-wrenching sobs. They were silent, in one long stream.

How had he gone through life almost missing his own family? He started to feel alive as if he was waking up from sleeping for far too long.

****

Lily watched Wayne disappear out of the room. Blake looked at her along with her other two children.

"Will you keep an eye on the others, sweetheart? I'm going to go and see your father." Lily kissed Blake's head when she passed. She followed the path to find Wayne standing at the bottom of the garden.

She rushed towards him and stopped when she saw him crying. "Wayne? What's wrong?" she asked. They'd had a brilliant day together. They'd had a brilliant week together. She didn't understand why he was crying.

"I'm a failure."

That was a word she never expected him to utter. "How on earth are you a failure? You're a successful businessman. You're respected by everyone you come into contact with. You can skate. Where are you a failure?"

"I've spent the last twelve years being nothing."

Lily frowned. "I don't understand."

"I've been living life, Lily, but not actually living it."

"Again, you're not making any sense, Wayne. How have you not been living life?"

"Because I haven't really been part of it." He pointed at the house, and there was a sob to his voice. "I have a son who is almost a teenager, and I don't really know him. Where have I been, Lily? I thought you needed time to be your own person, and all I got was the risk I might lose you."

She closed the distance between them then wrapped her arms around him as he cried. His face buried into her neck. His tears running down her neck made her cold. She closed her eyes holding the man she loved more than anything else and felt him break emotionally apart in her arms.

Her man, her Beast, was breaking apart. She knew only time would heal these wounds. He'd spent so much time being a Beast, that he'd forgotten his own family.

He pulled back. Lily wiped the tears from his eyes. "You spend a great deal of your time working, Wayne. You love your family. I think it's time you start being home to enjoy them."

"I'm no better than my own parents," he said, pulling away from her. That statement made her angry.

"Why? Because you cried? Or are you going to start finding solace at the bottom of a bottle?" She folded her arms and glared at him. "You're not a weak man, Wayne, and you'll never be like your parents."

"How do you know?"

"Because you fought for me. You won't let me go because you love me. Also, you're not a weak man because you cry. You'd be a weak man for walking away," she said.

The tears dried up.

class=Section2><br/>

For several moments neither of them talked. "Okay, I won't talk about it again."

"Thank you." Lily went onto her toes and brushed her lips against his. From the first touch she felt a fire begin in her tummy. Her pu**y tightened as she recalled his touch all over her body. She knew he felt it, too.

"Is your ass still numb?" he asked.

"It's sore."

"I have the perfect cure."

"Oh, yeah, what is it?" He was teasing her, making her laugh.

"A nice hot bath, with me of course, followed by a lot of loving. How does that sound?" he asked.

She ran her hands up and down his shirt feeling the heat of him penetrating her skin. "I think all of that sounds like a good idea."

"Then follow me, baby."

He took her into the bathroom and ran a bath. She watched him add bubbles. When she started to undress he scolded her. "I get the pleasure of revealing this gorgeous body for my eyes."

She stopped instantly, waiting for him to finish the bath. He walked towards her, his intentions clear. Lily let him unbutton her blouse. The bra she wore was a pastel pink lace, which covered the whole of her br**sts and was clear enough to see her ni**les. She loved wearing sexy underwear. A good deal of money was spent on her underwear as she loved the feel of the lace or silk against her skin.

He rubbed a finger over her breast. She felt her nipple tighten instantly. "I'll never get over how responsive you are."

"Only for you. I don't feel anything for anyone else." Lily knew from the moment Wayne had taken her to bed and made her his, there would never be another man in the world for her.

Chapter Eleven

Wayne watched her eyes close as he opened her bra. Her tits were released, and he gazed down at their full weight. Then he didn't pay them any more attention. Instead, he knelt in front of her placing kisses along her belly. He kissed every stretch mark taking the time to show her with his actions how much he loved her. Wayne opened the top button of her jeans followed by the zipper. He took his time revealing her body for him to look at.

The jeans moved down her body. Her thighs were thicker, but he didn't mind. He loved feeling them wrapped around his waist as he plunged deep inside her tight heat.

He ran his hands up and down her legs moving his touch to the inside. Once her legs opened wider, he teased her covered pu**y running a thumb along her moist slit. He felt her wetness soaking her panties.

Her scent permeated the air between them. "You smell so f**king good." Wayne leaned in and sank his teeth in the flesh of her thigh. He knew how tender her thighs were.

She cried out as he moved her panties out of the way and slid a finger deep inside her. Her pu**y gripped his finger tightly. She was soaking wet as his finger slid in deeply. The instant she got accustomed to his first finger, he pushed in a second finger. Her moans turned to little whimpers that filtered around the room. His c**k was thick, and the tip leaked his pr**cum.

When she looked gone, he pulled his finger out then removed her panties before standing up in front of her.

"You're going to spend the whole night teasing me."

"You bet it, baby."

Wayne picked her up then placed her in the bathtub with care. He went to his own shirt and began unbuttoning the buttons. Her eyes were on his actions. Wayne had the desire to draw it out. He loved seeing the desire grow in her eyes.

She let out a gasp when he let the shirt he wore fall to the floor. Next, he unbuckled the belt holding up his pants. He felt the pleasure fill him when he eased the pants over his aching erection.

The moment he stepped out of the pants and moved towards her, Lily reached out and began to fist his shaft.

He ground his teeth to stop himself from exploding all over her chest. Lily never let go, and the fascination on her face meant he needed to gain control rather than stop her. She licked her lips. Wayne wanted her lips wrapped around his shaft. He covered her hand and aimed it at her face.

"Open up, honey," he said.

Her mouth opened. Wayne pressed forward watching the head of his c**k push into her mouth. She covered his c**k with her lips. Her tongue licked the underside. When he went to her throat, she relaxed allowing him to go deeper. Wayne didn't want to go that far. The moment he went deeper he knew he wouldn't last. Her touch always had the ability to undo him.

He shook his head when she made to take more of him. She moved off his c**k to lick the tip. Her tongue was coated with his cum.

"That's it. Lick my cum. You love the taste of my cum. I love seeing you take me into your mouth, Lily. It is the most erotic thing I've ever seen. Do you know what else is erotic?" he asked. Wayne knew she loved to hear him talking to her.

"What?" she asked. Her voice sounded thick. Her lips were red and swollen from being wrapped around his shaft.

He ran a finger over her plump lips before she took him back into her mouth. Wayne took his c**k in his hand then fed it to her lips making her wait for his response. She opened her mouth to receive him. He pumped his h*ps as she took him inside. When the feeling got too intense he pulled out and let her lick the cum oozing out of the tip.

"The next best erotic thing I've seen in my life is watching my c**k sink inside your ass**le."

She squealed, standing up in the bath tub. Her arms circled him then she tugged for him to get in with her. Wayne sat down and let Lily have what she wanted. She grabbed his c**k in her hand then sat on him, easing his c**k inside her.

Wayne caught hold of her h*ps and helped her to sit on him. He knew with all of this unprotected sex it would only be a matter of time before she was pregnant once again. The thought didn't upset him like it did several years ago. She'd been on the pill for a few years, and then they'd decided to use condoms. He hated using them. The latex obstructed the feel of her when he was inside her.

She cried out as he pressed the last few inches inside her. Her fingers sank into his hair as she pulled him close for a kiss.

Every part of her beautiful curves was against him. He stroked her back feeling the tightness of her pu**y around him.

"You couldn't wait until I got to the bedroom?" he asked.

"This is just a taster. We don't have to do anything. I want to feel you inside me."

"If we keep this up you'll be pregnant in no time."

"I don't mind. Another child would be wonderful. I don't like condoms, and I know you don't either."

"I love you."

"I know."

Wayne reached for the bar of soap.

"No sponge?" she asked.

"No, my hands are perfect for this." He soaped his hands then started at her back, rubbing the soap against her skin. Her eyes closed as he moved to the front. He cupped her br**sts, thumbing the ni**les.

She took the soap from him doing the same with his body. They made love while soaping each other's body. Wayne didn't want to pull away, but the water was growing cold. He didn't want her to end up poorly over Christmas.

He lifted her off his c**k then stood to get out of the bath. She followed him taking a towel and drying his body as he dried hers. Wayne took her hand walking her backwards, na**d into their room. Her eyes were on his. Their hands pressed together. When they were closer to the bed he pulled her close. Her br**sts smashed against his chest while her hard ni**les poked against him.

"You're mine," he said.

"You keep saying that. Do you have any doubt?" she asked.

"None. I like saying it." He kissed her lips then he pushed her to the bed. She chuckled reaching for him. He went to her willingly, loving the way she wrapped around him.

This is how he wanted his life to be. He wanted to have a family but fall in love with the woman in his arms every night. She smiled up at him, and Wayne knew that is what he wanted for the rest of his life. Lily in his arms no matter what.

****

Lily felt a change inside Wayne. She didn't understand what the change was; she only knew it was there. He took her face between his hands, and then she didn't care about the change inside him. Wayne kissed her deeply. His tongue licked along her lips seeking entry into her mouth. Lily gave him everything. She opened up, submitting to his kiss.

His hands moved from her face to her neck then down to her br**sts. His fingers teased her ni**les. She felt the pulse of his touch between her thighs. The slight pain from his fingers pinching the tips shot straight to her clit. The sensation of pain and pleasure mingled together inside her body making it hard for her to think up a reasonable response.

She sank her nails into his back to try and hold on to something. He didn't let up his attention on her br**sts. His lips moved down to her neck. Her collarbone and neck had always been sensitive. Wayne took advantage. He licked and nibbled her neck. Goose-bumps erupted all over her body. Her cl*t grew larger as the pleasure turned into a blistering inferno. She couldn't think past what he was doing.

Lily wanted his c**k inside her. She wanted his lips on her tits and neck. When she thought she couldn't bear it anymore, Wayne moved down claiming one of his ni**les between his teeth. She cried out, the pleasure going straight to her pu**y. Lily felt her cream leaking out of her vagina and dripping down to her ass.

His other hand went from her breast down to her pu**y. Lily felt his fingers open her slit then slide a finger along to her clit. The small action of his finger sent her hurtling over the edge. Every part of her nerves was alive with so much tension. One tiny stroke on her cl*t was all she needed. Wayne covered her mouth to muffle her screams. Lily felt taken over when her orgasm hit.

Her screams stopped, but Wayne kept on going. He grabbed his cock, and Lily watched as he stroked the tip along her slit. The mushroomed head was covered in her juice. She should be embarrassed, but she was too far gone to care about propriety. Lily stared down in fascination as his large shaft slowly began to fill her. She licked her lips knowing what he tasted like on her tongue.

She'd meant every single word. A baby wouldn't upset her. She loved Wayne and adored having his children.

He pushed all the way to the hilt inside her. She gripped Wayne's arms to keep herself steady. Wayne tilted his h*ps pushing deeper still. Lily felt the power of him between her thighs. He lifted up and out.

"Look at us, baby," he said.

She glanced down. His c**k glistened with her own cream. He was thick, hard, and perfect. Her eyes closed as he slammed inside her. She didn't have time to take a breath before he started a pace as he plunged inside her.

Lily held on as he increased his thrusts. The headboard hit the wall behind. She moved her hands up to hold onto the wooden headboard. Wayne leaned over her to grab the headboard as well. He stared down into her eyes then thrust inside her.

Lily gasped as the position they were both in sent him hitting her cervix at such an angle and depth that he stroked her G-spot then hit her cervix all in one.

She didn't know what to do other than hold on to his body. He took over. The power of his thrusts took her breath away.

He moved the angle so she was lying on the pillows with her hands still holding the headboard. Wayne had the dominant role, and she knew he was about to go faster. There was the desire and lust in his eyes. She pushed up to meet him for every thrust. The strength of him startled her. She didn't have any other choice than to hold on.

"I want you to come for me, baby."

"I can't," she said.

"Yes, you will." He let go of the headboard with one hand. In the next moment she felt his hand on her clit. She shook her head. There was no way she could come again. Wayne had other ideas. He caressed her nub as he plunged inside her pu**y.

She didn't think she'd be able to cl**ax again. However, the plunging of his c**k and the touch of his fingers was all it took to hurtle her over the edge. Lily cried out within seconds. Wayne let go replacing his hand with hers. He held onto the headboard and then pounded inside her. Lily felt the pleasure take over.

Wayne stared down at her, and she looked at him as her release consumed her.

"I'm coming, too, baby." He changed the angle, and within seconds his face lost all shred of control as he came apart. She felt the pulse of his orgasm inside her, his cum exploding in her pu**y.

Chapter Twelve

The following morning Wayne left Lily in bed, took the kids to school, and then phoned the jewellers about his gift. He'd been planning it for the last few days and wanted it to be special to her. Wayne knew she didn't find jewellery exciting, but he was hoping his plan worked.

He put the kettle on then went to call Richard. Tony refused to talk to him. He was spending his Christmas in a secluded cabin somewhere. Wayne wondered how his friend would be if he got Opal pregnant.

Richard answered on the tenth ring. "Hello."

Wayne heard screaming in the background. "I take it everything is going well."

"Scarlet organised for the kids to be off school early, and they're too excited about the big man coming. How are things in your world?" Richard asked.

"Better. Much better. We're talking, and I think I've finally gotten past some personal crap."

"The shit with your own parents?"

Wayne nodded his head then realised his friend couldn't see him. "You could say I've been awakened."

"That's good. You've been married to Lily for awhile now. You needed to finally wake up to what you've been missing," Richard said.

"And you've done that already?" Wayne didn't see his friend slowing down.

"I don't have as many hours, and when I'm close to retiring, I will be. I don't need the money, and I do it for pleasure. Scarlet and the kids are my reason for living. It's nice to know you've found that same kind of happiness."

Wayne felt happier for talking to his friend about his decision. "I want to take Lily out on a date."

"A date?"

"Yeah, you know, the roses and flowers kind of date. We never got the chance to date, and I want to do something special with her before Christmas. She took me skating. I loved it." Wayne couldn't believe he was asking his friend how to date his own woman. It was ridiculous.

"You did rush the marriage proposal. Wow, I haven't skated on the ice in years. I think I'll take Scarlet out later. You could take Lily to the movies."

"The movies?"

"Don't mock it. I didn't mean a movie theatre. I meant a drive-in. If she didn't get out much when she was younger I bet she never made out at the back of a drive-in movie theatre. Take her out and show her a good time in the back of your car."

Wayne considered it and decided it would be good for them. He didn't know where they'd find the time. With Tony and Richard away they couldn't rely on them to babysit. He finished his call with Richard then put a quick call in to her father.

"What have I done to have my son-in law get in touch?" George asked.

"Nothing. I want to know if you'll watch the kids. I want to do something special for Lily, and I was wondering if you'd watch the children for me."

There was silence on the other end. Wayne waited for an answer finding his temper growing. "You'd help Lily if this was reversed."

"You're not my daughter, Mr. Brown."

"No, I'm your son-in-law, and I love your daughter. I want to do something special for her. Please, look after the children for me. You'll be here for Christmas, and I want to make this work." Wayne pleaded with the man and realised he really wanted to make it work.

"Seriously? You've never been into Christmas. I don't think you're going to start now."

"I've changed, George. Give me a chance. The same chance your daughter has given me."

"You leave her again and I'm getting a shotgun," George said.

"You won't need to come chasing me. If I leave her again I'll bloody shoot myself. Is that a yes?" Wayne asked.

There was a sigh followed by some rustling. "When do you need me?"

"Friday night. I think it will be perfect to take her out on Friday."

"I'll be there. Do you want me to take the kids back home with me, or do you want me to stay over there?"

Wayne thought about it for a few minutes and decided on the latter. "Then we can discuss what's happening around Christmas."

George agreed and then hung up. Wayne smiled then made a tea to go wake up his little star.

Lily was still asleep. He put the cup of tea on the dresser and then climbed on the bed. The moment he settled over her, she began to stir.

Her eyes opened. She stretched, and her smile lit her whole face up like a Christmas tree.

"Good morning," he said.

"Good morning. What time is it?" she asked.

"A little after ten."

"What?" She jerked up in bed almost knocking him out. "Why didn't you get me up? I need to get the kids ready and everything."

He pressed down on her chest pushing her to the bed.

"Wayne, stop it. We can't fool around."

"Stop worrying, baby. You don't need to worry. The kids are at school."

"You took the kids to school?" Wayne nodded his head.

"Did you remember to feed them?" she asked.

"Stop being a minx. I fed them some cereal and toast. I don't think they liked it, but I think they liked riding in daddy's car." He leaned down and kissed her neck. Her scent invaded his senses making him moan with wanting.

"You mean to say, we're in this house all on our own?"

"Yes," he said.

"All alone and you're only just getting me up now." She caught his tie and began pulling him down.

"I had some stuff to take care of. Also, I have a surprise for you Friday night."

"A surprise? Do I get to see it now?"

"Stop tempting me."

She pouted. Wayne chuckled.

"Well, if I don't get to find out what my surprise is, can I at least get something else?" She raised her eye brow while her hand moved to his crotch.

"You're a little wanton vixen."

"And that is exactly why you love me."

She pulled him down to her, and Wayne went willingly.

****

Lily was excited. Wayne had told her to dress casually, and she'd seen him in a pair of blue jeans and black shirt. He looked so damn hot. Wayne always looked so good to her. She pulled out her nicest pair of jeans that moulded to her curves in all the right ways. Lily grabbed one of his white shirts. She folded the arms then tied the end strips of the shirt.

A quick glance in the mirror and comb through her locks and she was ready. Her father was waiting for her at the bottom of the stairs.

"What do you think?" she asked, giving him a twirl.

"You make me wish I could go back in time and change the way I treated you."

She saw the tears in George's eyes. "Dad, you don't need to be like that." Lily went to him straight away. Her arms circled his neck as she pulled him in for a cuddle. "Stop worrying. I'm happy."

"He's treating you well?" he asked.

Lily recalled the way he'd made love to her the other morning. Wayne set her body on fire with so much need she didn't know how she managed to get through. "I'm happy, dad. Wayne is perfect. Thank you for watching the kids," she said.

"It's a pleasure."

Wayne came out of the room looking perky. "I've tried to settle them, but I think hot chocolate before bed was not the best idea." Lily saw her father glare at him, which only made her chuckle.

"I'll see you later, dad." She kissed his cheek then followed Wayne out of the door.

"What was up with him?" Wayne asked opening her door for her.

"He doesn't like you or trust you since that morning when you up and left me." Lily kissed his cheek then got into the car. "Where are we going?"

"It's a surprise. I'm never going to live that down, am I?" he asked.

"Leaving me?" He nodded his head getting in the opposite side of her. "Nope, it is the first time that the almighty Wayne Brown was wrong. You'll be living it down for years to come."

She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. He started the car. She felt the engine purr to life.

"You look gorgeous. Is that one of my shirts?" he asked.

"Yes, I didn't think you'd mind."

"I don't. You look amazing and hot." Wayne pulled out of the drive and began down the road. She didn't know where he was going, and she loved the anticipation of wondering where they were going.

"You're being all mysterious." Lily circled her wedding bands smiling at how comforting the weight of the rings felt on her finger.

"I'll give you a clue."

"Oh, a guessing game. I'm ready."

"Some couples go there on dates," he said.

"Wayne, that can be anything. We went to the ice rink, and that can be a date for some couples." It was dark, and she didn't see too many landmarks to show where they were going. He reached between them and took her hand.

"This is where I would have taken you on a date if I'd waited."

"Okay, I'm getting more excited now. I don't want to guess."

They drove in silence for several moments. His fingers stroked hers. She stared down to where their hands lay. His hands were larger than hers. She loved the feel of them on hers. His larger body always made her feel safe.

"We're almost there. Do you like sweet, salty, or buttery popcorn," Wayne asked.

"We're going to the movies?"

"No, we're going to the drive-in." He pulled in, and she saw the big screen in front of her.

"I've never been to one of these," she said.

"I know." He drove towards the back. Once he parked the car, he got out checking his wallet. "You might want to get comfortable in the back. I'll be back in a second."

Lily climbed into the back and waited for Wayne to get back.

She checked around her to see other couples pulling up in their cars. It wasn't as busy as she thought it would be. It was cold, and she knew Wayne would need to turn the car on at some point if the heat left the car.

Lily didn't know how long she waited until Wayne got back into the car. He handed her a pot of popcorn and a milkshake carton.

"I was talking to a couple of the guys serving, and they reckon they'll be closing early because of the snow forecasted for tonight. They believe this will be it until the New Year." Wayne shut the door rubbing his hands.

"Is it cold out?"

"Very icy. I need you to help me warm up." He held his hands out to her. Lily wrapped her own around him and tried to warm him up.

"This is lovely," she said.

"We'll see how we feel in a few hours when it is snowing or freezing our assess off," he said.

"I don't care. This is perfect." She took a piece of popcorn and popped it in her mouth. "So why the movies?"

Wayne moved their popcorn and drink onto the back ledge. "Because, it is perfect for this." He reached across to her and hauled her over his lap. Lily giggled as he placed her legs on either side of him. "Making out." He sank his fingers into her hair and pulled her down for a kiss. She closed her eyes enjoying his touch on her skin.

"I've never made out in the back of a car."

"I'm pleased to be your first in everything, Mrs. Brown."

"Happy Christmas, Wayne."

"Happy Christmas, baby." He cupped her head bringing her down for him to kiss. Lily didn't fight it. She wanted him to consume her. This was their real first date. She looked forward to many first dates.

His hand went from her hair down to her back. She smiled against his lips. "Are you wanting to go further?"

"I wish we could, baby, but I think that would be indecent exposure or something like that. Our lawyer would kill us if he had to leave his wife to come and bail us out," Wayne said.

"We pay enough to call him away."

"There are some things even friends would never forgive."

They chuckled. Lily knew Scarlet and Wayne would get annoyed with them for spoiling their fun. With the number of children they had, Lily knew their time together was precious.

"I think they have their own issues to figure out," Lily said.

"Scarlet isn't scared about more children, but Richard is. The last two children almost killed her. I see why he'd be upset. If anything happened to you because I couldn't keep it in my pants it would kill me." Wayne stroked her cheek.

"Nothing is going to happen to me. I'd like more children but only because I love having babies that we've made. You have to admit, having children is a lot of fun."

Wayne chuckled. "I've turned you into an insatiable woman."

"You don't mind that I love your cock?" She felt the heat fill her cheeks even as she said the words.

"The Lily I knew wouldn't say such things."

"What can I say? I've evolved." She leaned down and kissed him. The moment to her was perfect. She couldn't imagine making out in the back of the car with anyone other than Wayne.

Chapter Thirteen

Wayne loved the feel of her in his arms. Her legs straddled either side of his hips. He wished they were at home. The chill of the night was already seeping into the car. Going to the movies would have been better in the summer. Next time he'd think longer when he took her out. It would have been better to take her to the movies in a building or a restaurant. Her smile captivated him unlike any snowfall he'd ever seen.

In a few days it would be Christmas, and he couldn't wait for the big day. He looked forward to spending it with his children and wife. Usually he spent the day in his office working. No longer would he allow work to take over his life. He had so many people in his world, and he'd make sure to put them first.

He glanced outside the car and saw the first snowflakes beginning to fall. "It's snowing," he said.

"I know. I don't care about the movie, Wayne. Being with you is the best date ever." She cupped his face then leaned down to kiss his lips. "I think this has been good for us."

"In what way?"

"We've spent a great deal of time together. We're coming back together. With life and the kids we'd forgotten who we were. This has reminded me how important it is to spend some time together."

Wayne agreed completely with what she said. They needed to learn to take the time to spend together. There was a knock on their car window.

Lily giggled and climbed off his lap. Wayne opened the window staring out at the guy he'd purchased the popcorn and milkshakes from.

"Sorry to spoil your date, but we're shutting early. We'll give you a discount for the next time you come. The snow doesn't look like it'll let up, and we don't want to risk any danger to you."

"No problems." He reached out and got the discount ticket from the guy. "Thank you for this."

"Have a great Christmas and you too, Miss." He then left walking toward the next car.

"I guess we'd better go home. It's cold. We could go and do some of the final wrapping if you'd like?" she asked.

"We don't have to go home straight away. Most of the roads will be clear, and we can spend a little more time together." Wayne didn't want their time alone to end.

"Okay. Let me have your phone, and I'll call dad to let him know we'll be home soon and that we're safe."

Wayne handed her his phone. He got out of the car to climb into the front while Lily climbed between the seats. The way she moved, he got a tantalising glimpse of the curve of her br**sts. His c**k thickened as he knew how soft they felt against him.

He got in, started the car and made sure to turn the heating on.

Lily handed him back the phone. "Why aren't we leaving?" she asked.

"I'm letting everyone else go first."

"This was amazing. Dad said the kids were fine. They're in bed now."

"How many days do they have left at school?" Wayne asked.

"They don't. We've got them all to ourselves to get them in the Christmas spirit. Why?"

"Because I was thinking of taking them to one of those country fairs at the weekend before Christmas Eve. Get some carols in, some hot food, and let the kids wear themselves out by having fun," he said.

"I like the sound of that."

"I do as well. First, I want to take you somewhere."

He pulled out of the driveway and made his way to the edge of the city. There were several times during his travels he'd seen this beautiful reservoir where people could go and visit. He knew it wouldn't be open, but they'd be able to get out of the car.

Their jackets were in the trunk of the car ready for them.

"I'm excited again. You're full of surprises." After the forty-minute drive, Wayne knew she was anxious. He reached over taking her hand. It was amazing what time together could do.

He pulled up and parked the car. "We need to get out," he said.

"It is freezing cold."

"Don't panic. I got your jacket." Wayne got out of the car, grabbed her jacket then helped her out. She wrapped her arms inside. He chuckled then took her hand as they made their way to the edge of the reservoir. It was dark, but he saw the top layer on the surface had been frozen. It was glistening in the moonlight.

"This is beautiful," she said.

"When I've gone away for a few days I stop here for a few minutes to take in the beauty of it," he said.

"I can see why. It's beautiful."

"This place helps me to think. I wanted to share it with you."

"Thank you." She leaned against him. Wayne wrapped his arms around her. He saw a bench a little up the path, and he led her down to it. He sat on the main table and lifted her up to sit in between his legs.

He wrapped his arms around her waist. Wayne rested his head on top of hers. They sat with the snow falling and the moonlight glistening over the still water.

"I wish we could stay here forever," she said.

"We can't stay here, but it can be like this for us for the rest of our lives."

"Do you promise?" she asked.

"There is nowhere else I'd like to be than with you in my arms. When they grow up we'll still be together."

"Who would have thought how amazing this would be. I never thought we'd last."

"Sing for me, baby."

"Huh?"

"We're here, so no one can you hear you but me," he said. "I'd love to hear your voice as I look out at the wonderful view."

She didn't move or make a sound for several moments. When he thought she wasn't going to sing he was about to apologise, but then he felt her take a breath, and the first notes of her song hit him. He stared out at the water, listening to the sweet tones of her voice. She sang him a love song, one about long-lasting love. He knew her words came from her own heart. Lily loved putting her own spin on a song. He heard the passion in her voice, the love she felt and again the fear that it wouldn't work out. Wayne held her throughout the song. All that was missing was the background music. She knew how to play the piano. He'd made sure she learned.

He hoped to hear her singing at the piano and playing the music to the song she was singing. It shocked him how much she loved music but didn't want a life within it. A few minutes later, her words came to a close.

"That was so beautiful, baby. Thank you for singing to me."

"I wrote it during the couple of days you were gone. I knew you loved me, and what scared me was you'd still left me. I wish I could forget those awful few days."

"Me, too, baby." He kissed her shoulder.

She shivered, and he knew the cold was starting to become a problem.

"Come on, baby. Let's go home."

He took her hand and led her back to the car. She went willingly with him.

****

Lily felt her heart racing. When he'd asked her to sing she'd wanted to bare her soul to him. The song she'd written for him specifically. He closed her door, and she knew she'd done the right thing. Their closeness had built over the last few days. She felt like she had her husband back. He got in the other side and began driving back home. No words needed to be spoken. She knew Wayne was never leaving her again.

She was the only woman to love him for who he was and not what he could give her. The drive felt short to her, but she knew it was a good forty minutes to get home. The snow was falling thick. They pulled up into the driveway. He closed the gate then helped her out of the car.

"Come on."

Her father was sitting at the dining room table wrapping presents. He smiled as they walked in. "Did you have a good date?" he asked.

Lily leaned her head against the door frame. "The best. What are you doing?"

"I'm wrapping my own presents. You guys have probably got enough for the kids to sink a small ship, but I wanted to bring something of my own." Her father placed a bow on the centre of the gift.

"Hi, George," Wayne said.

"Wayne."

She watched her husband walk past her father into the kitchen. "How are things between you two?" he asked.

Lily took a seat next to him. He only had one more present to wrap. Wayne handed her a cup of hot chocolate. "I'm going to go and get ready for bed. Thank you for watching the kids, George. I'll see you in the morning." He lingered on her neck with his touch. She knew he would be up waiting for her.

"You both seem happy," George said.

"We are. Very happy. He's not going to leave me again, Dad. Will you cut him some slack?" she asked.

"I'll cut him some slack when I know he's not going to leave my daughter hanging around waiting for him to return. You were the one going through it, Lily. I saw how broken you were over him leaving. I won't let him get away with it." George took his glasses off to look at her. "You've forgiven him easily. I don't want him taking advantage of that forgiveness."

"I know he hurt me, and so does he. We've not had the best of starts like other couples. We're learning along the way. Please, give him the same chance I did. I know Wayne has had everything handed to him. The money, business, and the reputation. He got me through helping you, but there is a side to him that you don't know. I do. He's a pain in the ass and domineering in his manner, but he does love me, Dad. He loves me and those kids. He's learning. You don't understand what he's had to grow up with. I'm not saying I'm any better. All I know is that I'm prepared to give him a chance."

"You're too forgiving," George said.

"And you're not forgiving enough. Cut him some slack. I'm going to bed. I'll see you in the morning."

George smiled at her, and then she made her way up to their bedroom. Wayne was undressing as she entered.

He put on a pair of night pants. "I thought you like to go naked," she said.

"Your father is in the house. I don't think walking around na**d will be ideal for him." He held up her black negligee. She hadn't worn it since before the night he'd left. "Wear this for me?"

She took it from him then made her way into the bathroom. After a quick shower, she dried her body then changed into the negligee. She stared at her reflection in the mirror. It was a lovely night piece. She loved the feel of it against her skin.

Taking a deep breath she walked back into the bedroom. The light was off, and Wayne was sat in bed waiting for her.

"You look stunning," he said.

"How can you see me? It's dark."

"I'll always be able to see you." She smiled at his corny response. Lily moved to the bed and lifted up the covers. Wayne began to lie down. She lay facing him.

"What did your father say?" Wayne asked.

"That I'm too forgiving. I should make you earn it all back. Yadda, yadda."

"What did you say?" He stroked her hair over her shoulder and down her back.

"That he doesn't forgive easily enough. I'm happy with our relationship, Wayne. I don't need anything else."

"I love you, too." He leaned over, kissing her head. "Can I hold you tonight?"

"Yes. I'd love that." She snuggled up close to him. His arms circled round her. She closed her eyes relishing the feel of the man she loved holding her. Nothing in the world could hurt her with him close to her.

Sleep came easily, and Lily was comforted in the knowledge that Wayne wasn't going anywhere. He loved her, and he knew she was where she wanted to be.

Chapter Fourteen

The next few days went by in a haze of activity. Wayne left the house once to pick up his gift for Lily. George stayed for Christmas. They didn't want him on his own at this time of year. Wayne spent as much time as he could bonding with his father-in-law. It was difficult because of his own relationship with his father. They never spoke.

While Lily was baking some sugar cookies and mince pies, Wayne took the kids out into the yard to make a snowman. George stood with him. They were both wrapped up in jackets and scarves. "This weather is a pain for my arthritis."

"How are you feeling now?" Wayne asked.

"Better. You know I'll hurt you if you hurt my daughter." Wayne glanced at the man at his side.

"I'm pleased you care enough to threaten me," Wayne said.

"I wasn't the best father to her growing up, but I'll be the best damn father to her now."

"Then we're both clear. We both want Lily to be happy, and for that to happen, we need to be happy with each other. I'm not going to mess up again, George. I promise." Wayne waited for his father-in-law to respond. The older man kept his gaze straight ahead.

Suddenly, George turned toward him. "Fine, I'm proud to call you my son." He held his hand out for Wayne to take.

Wayne shook his hand before pulling him against him for a bear hug. "Thank you for giving me a chance."

"I'll do anything for my daughter. I'll even forgive you."

"Good." Wayne moved away with a happy feeling in his heart. He joined in making the snowman. When he looked up he saw Lily on the porch staring at them. She waved her hand toward him. He lifted his hand then went back to helping.

Once they finished, he went in search of refreshment for them. Lily was pouring the chocolate from the pan into each cups for them. "You're a goddess," he said.

"I know what my family need. The snowman looks adorable." She finished pouring then handed him the tray. She added a plate of biscuits to the tray to finish it off.

"More adorable than I am?" he asked.

"Yes, he won't answer back." She chuckled as he put the tray down then grabbed her close.

"No, then I'll leave you in the capable hands of the snowman. Oh, right, I'm the only man who has ever blown your world."

"You're egotistical. Besides, I love you."

"Don't I know it."

He leaned down kissing her. Her plump lips gave under his. He moaned, loving the feel of her against him.

Their sighs mingled together, and her hands circled his neck. Her br**sts pressed against him. All he wanted to do was push her against the wall and take her there and then.

"We can't do anything," she said.

Wayne groaned shaking his head. "We can. Just forget everything else."

"We can't, baby. We'll be together tonight."

"Promise," he said.

"You can bet on it." He kissed her one last time then took the tray of sweet treats out to the children. They crowded around him. Wayne didn't know what had changed inside him. All he knew was he didn't feel like he had anything else to prove to the world. Lily loved him for him. He was happy, and for the first time, he wouldn't change a thing in his life. Lily had given him so much more than love and children. She'd given him a life he could enjoy. He looked forward to giving her the same kind of love and devotion.

Blake threw a snowball at him. Wayne laughed, reaching down to grab another handful of snow. He threw it back, and chaos ensued. Lily came out to join them. The fight had them all in fits of laughter. Wayne charged for his wife and tumbled her to the ground. They were laughing.

He kissed her and thrust his c**k against her.

She chuckled at him then put some snow down his jacket.

Wayne was happy.

****

Lily glanced down at her children unwrapping their Christmas presents. Wayne sat in the chaos of wrapping paper as he helped his son and daughter unwrap a present George had given them. Her father loved using cello tape. Most of his gifts were covered in an even layer of the stuff. She chuckled when they became frustrated and went for scissors. Her gift was upstairs in the bedroom for Wayne. It wasn't anything extravagant, but she'd spent most of the year making it for him.

She went into the kitchen to check on the turkey and to grab some trash bags for the paper. Wayne was gathering the paper up when she returned. "They're in the sitting room waiting for your morning muffins," he said.

"How are you finding this?" she asked.

"Perfect. I can't believe I was such a grouch for this time of year." He cleaned up the mess then took her hand in his and walked her up the stairs. "I've got something to give you. It's something I had specially made for you."

Lily sat on the bed as he went to get his gift. He came back with two boxes. The first was a small velvet box. She opened it up to find an interlocked wedding band and engagement ring. On the inside of the ring was a message.

"Yours forever," she said.

"I wanted to show you I'm in this for the long haul. These rings were a design idea I had, which is why I wanted you to get your ring size tested."

"This is beautiful, Wayne." She removed her wedding bands and replaced them with the delicate design of the one he'd given her. Lily loved the feel of it on her finger.

"I don't want you to take it off, and when you ever doubt my affection, look down and know you own my heart."

Tears sprang to her eyes. He looked so sweet and tender as he said the most beautiful words she'd heard.

"I hope they're good tears," he said.

"The best kind of tears."

"Open this as well."

The next box was velvet again and a long rectangular one. She opened the lid and found a gorgeous locket with a dragon design on the front.

"Open it," he said.

She opened the lid and saw two beautiful pictures of him with their children. "Perfect."

Lily wiped the tears from her eyes and then handed him her two wrapped parcels. She waited for him to open the presents she'd spent the best part of a year preparing. He opened the first one. She chewed her lip while she waited for him to make a noise of disgust or love.

It was a picture frame that he'd be able to fit on his desk at work. "I thought it would be nice for you to see us when you're at work."

"This is wonderful, Lily." He leaned over and kissed her. She waited while he opened the next. The scrap book downstairs wasn't the only one she was putting together.

"It's a scrap book of memories but our memories as a couple." He opened the page, and she saw the newspaper clippings she'd saved along with several photos or tickets of their time away.

"I thought we could spend the rest of our lives filling it in," she said.

"I'd love that."

"I know it's not fancy or anything, but I thought it would be nice. Besides, what do you get the guy who has everything?"

He dropped the book onto the bed then pulled her into his arms. "We'll make so many memories, we'll need to fill several of those books."

She felt his heart pounding inside his chest. Tears spilled from her eyes. She was so happy.

"I love you, Lily. I always have, and I always will."

"I know, Wayne. I know."

Epilogue

25 years later

Wayne woke Lily up on Christmas morning with kisses along her neck and back. He was making her laugh and giggle as he stroked her body. She was ticklish all over. She couldn't believe they'd been together thirty-seven years. It was amazing and wonderful. The love shining between them was brighter than ever before.

He'd originally organised for them to go away for Christmas but had changed his mind when their children had asked for them to host Christmas. Lily had one of the largest turkeys she could find ready to roast in the oven. Their children were all grown up and had their own children. She loved the fact they still loved coming home for the festive season.

"Time to wake up, sleepy head," he said.

"No, it's Christmas morning. The rest of the family aren't due till later." She grabbed the pillow and buried her head in the pillow. Wayne took it off her. The years had been good to both of them. He turned her over.

His hair was grey all over, but she loved him more passionately than ever before. He'd given her so much love over the last thirty years. There were no regrets inside her. After that main Christmas twenty-five years ago, Wayne had spent every available moment with her. They'd filled not only the scrapbook of memories she'd given him over the last years they'd filled three more books. She'd given birth to two more children, and they'd renewed their vows.

Wayne had been there when her father passed away. George had made up for every bad memory. He was buried near their local church. Lily opened her eyes smiling up at Wayne.

"Hello, beautiful."

Lily blushed. Even though she'd aged well she still couldn't believe he thought she was beautiful. She cupped his cheek loving the feel of him against her.

"I love you," she said.

"And I love you. You gave me everything that I am, Lily."

"Did you ever think we'd be here twenty-five years down the line?" Lily asked.

"I'd hoped for something like that. I hadn't expected it. I'm known for pushing people away."

"My Beast. I love you, Wayne, and you've proven to me more than once that you love me, too."

He leaned down like so many times before and kissed her. His touch set the blood in her veins on fire. Like so many times before she was alive for him.

"How long until they're due to arrive?" she asked.

"Several hours yet. I'm going to spend the morning making love to my wife." Wayne took her lips kissing her until she was clawing at his body.

The love between them was stronger than ever before. She loved him with her whole heart. The life she'd lived had been perfect in every way.

The End

