CHAPTER 1

Jonathan was master of my nudity, my positions, and my orgasms, and though the first screw of the evening should have satisfied any normal woman for the night, minutes after it was done, I wanted him again.

His dick was beautiful: proportional, with a head just the right size and a straight and hard shaft. I'd only seen two other dicks in person, and though I'd seen those two a lot, I wouldn't pretend I had enough experience to judge if he was as huge as he seemed. But as we talked and he stroked my hair, his penis got hard again, and I couldn't resist putting it in my mouth. Minutes later, he twisted my hips around, and we became a gorgeous ball of sweat and heat, sixty-nining with me on top. I took the whole length of him while he put his tongue into my pu**y. He grabbed my ass hard, digging his fingers into my skin, and drew his tongue out, then stuck it in again.

"Jonathan," I'd groaned, kissing the head of his prick, "I'm going to come if you keep doing that."

"No, you're not," he said, giving my clit a peck before turning me around again. He guided my body around until I was on top and facing him. He grabbed my ass again, fingers in my crack where it was sensitive, and pushed me down. His penis went flush with my lips, and he pulled me toward him, then away, rubbing my lips against the length of his dick.

I put my face to his, breathing on his cheek, and said, "I want you."

"You want what?"

"I want you to f**k me."

He reached into the nightstand drawer and got a condom while I rubbed myself on him. I rolled it on, my hands shaking. When I started guiding him in, he said, "I want to see."

I moved my hips up so I squatted over him. He looked between my legs and watched as I slid his dick into me. I put my knees back on the bed and moved up and down. He put his hand between my legs to shift my hips. My ass stuck out, and the triangle between my legs pressed against his cock, making my clit rub right against it as I moved.

I shuddered from the heat and friction. I didn't think I could keep any kind of rhythm, but I did, because I had to. He moved his hand to my breast, but I knew what to do. The way I held my hips was everything, and I'd never forget it. The direct clitoral contact, him inside me, surrounded by his smell and his voice and his touch made me blind to everything outside my pu**y.

As if he sensed how hot I was, he rolled over and got on top. "You're close."

I couldn't answer. If I agreed, he'd probably have gone to do the laundry. "Harder," I said in a breath.

He pulled my legs up and apart and pounded me. I cried out, clawing at his back. He pummeled himself into me until I was about to come. I tried to tell him, but I didn't have any words.

Then he slowed down.

"Oh, God no," I moaned.

"Take it easy," he breathed in my ear, rocking so gently, so slowly.

"You're killing me." I hovered at the edge of climax. Tension and pleasure tugged at each other inside me.

"I don't know how much longer I'm going to last," he said. But he lasted, at that pace, until the buildup almost pushed pleasure over the edge. I thought, for a second, I'm going to come without telling him, because he won't let me.

"Please," I gasped, my resolve gone, "I need to come."

"No, you don't."

"May I? Please?" As much as I wanted to come, I wanted to ask even more. I wanted to beg for it. I wanted him to make me lose myself in him.

He pushed against me, and I groaned. He didn't answer.

I was supposed to know what to do. "Jonathan, please. Please let me come. I can't..." He put his nose to mine and looked into my eyes. I felt surrounded by him and safe in his attention. "I'm going to lose it...please. Please do it so I come."

"Do what?"

"Fuck me hard. Please. I'll do whatever you want. I'll suck anywhere you want. I'll be yours. It's all I have, but please f**k me so I come."

"Come then." He pushed into me, slowly but forcefully, and I felt my world tip over as he grunted and heaved with his own fulfillment. My hands went over my head and clutched the headboard. My back arched, and I must have screamed, because I felt his hand on the side of my face, his thumb hooking into my open mouth. He kept moving, churning his hips and gasping, and every push sent a new wave of sensation through my lips, my pu**y, my clit, everything.

Warmth had shot up the curve of my spine. The feelings went on and on with changing breaths and sensations. My voice wasn't my own, but the expression of a built-up explosive detonating inside me. When he bit me hard, at the base of my neck, another point of gratification had been found. The pain was a counterpoint to everything else, bringing me back to consciousness and reigniting my orgasm. I cried out again, pushing myself into his dick, feeling nothing but wetness and hardness and shocks of pleasure between us. I'd entered a timeless zone, and when I realized he was softening inside me, I slowed down, even as my orgasm took on a life of its own.

"Monica?" asked Debbie's voice, not Jonathan's.

"Huh?" I was at work. Early afternoon, Thursday. I had five full tables and a tray of sucked-dry glasses in my hand.

Debbie, my boss, looked at me with concern and a little irritation. "Are you all right?"

"Yeah, I was just thinking."

"About what? You just stopped dead in the middle of the floor."

"Nothing. I'm sorry."

"You have Ute Yanix on seven. Please, if you need a sick day, let me know. Otherwise-" She twisted her hand at the wrist to let me know it was time to get moving. I ran to Ute Yanix's table with a smile and an apology. I took the actress's order with a temporarily clear head that got muddied by thoughts of Jonathan's belly hair just three minutes later.

Two weeks ago before I'd met Jonathan, I felt like a normal person. I worked. I sang. I bitched about my manager. I took care of Gabby and drank a little too much. I pleasured myself maybe once a week if I thought of it. I went from place to place, daydreaming about winning a Grammy or ruining my ex-boyfriend's life forever. I didn't realize how much time I'd spent plotting Kevin's demise, but when I stopped, I filled the spaces with Jonathan.

After Jonathan, my brain seemed hard-wired for sex. I walked around in a state of constant arousal. The past year and a half had caught up with me like a train crashing into a wall. After the initial impact, the rest of the train kept moving, pushing into that front car until eighteen months of desire got squashed into two weeks.

The afternoon following my first night at his house, he sent me a text message from some lounge at LAX. He thanked me for a great night and made promises I didn't believe he meant at all, and then... nothing. I didn't expect anything. He wasn't my boyfriend. He wasn't even my lover. He was some guy I used to work for who happened to get me into bed after I'd spent a year and a half intentionally celibate. He opened a jack-in-the-box of sexuality by turning a handle I didn't even know I had.

He'd done a whole list of little things before that, naturally. He'd been confident and charming and vulnerable all at once. He had a way of touching me that felt like static electricity without the shock, and he made me come like no man ever had before. Scratch that. I'd never even made myself come like that.

The hot heaviness between my legs was why I ran home from work most days, shut the bathroom door behind me and masturbated like a thirteen year-old. I had trouble functioning outside of work, too. I'd sent my band manager, Vinny, a termination notice littered with typos, fielded a call from Eugene Testarossa's assistant mid-mast***ation session and stopped eating. My friend Darren had started cooking for me and watching me like a hawk.

The only thing I could do better than ever was sing.

Fuck, I was on fire. Rehearsals with Gabby, my pianist and best friend, were almost as good as the sex eating my mind. She and I could do no wrong. I could make changes on the fly, and she went with it. Two weeks ago, I'd been ashamed to sing old-time standards at a dinner club, but the performances of the past two weeks had drawn the attention of the agents at WDE. That night, they were coming to see us. Our version of Under My Skin would send Sinatra running and Stormy Weather would make it rain in L.A. In my life, I'd never felt better about my work.

I just needed to keep my mind on the paying job.

"You playing again tonight?" Robert asked as he poured alcohol into iced glasses.

"Yeah," I said. "Late set."

"I'm glad I saw you last week. You were hot."

"Thanks." The compliment was about the extent of Robert's vocabulary, and I accepted it with a smile.

"You been okay?" he asked. "You just stopped moving for a second earlier. I wondered if you were going to fall over or something."

"I'm fine. Just a little distracted."

"Probably the music. Got your mind in the game." He winked and clicked his tongue on his teeth. He was a nice guy but a bit of a douchebag.

I took care of Ute Yanix and the rest of my tables, making a concerted effort to smile and keep my mind on my job.

Toward the middle of my shift, I saw Debbie talking to a big woman by the door. The big woman wore grey, pleated pants and a matching grey jacket with darker velvet lapels.

"Who's that with Debbie?" I asked Robert as I handed him a ticket.

"Dunno, but I wouldn't wanna meet her, or him, in a dark alley."

The woman was built like a rectangle topped with a blond-tipped brown mullet. Her left ear was encircled by small silver hoops from lobe to helix.

"I'm sure it's a her," I whispered. "She doesn't look like a customer."

"She probably has a script under her shirt," he murmured, keeping quieter than the white noise of the instrumental trip-hop.

"Rolf Wente's at table six. Maybe she wants to drop it in his lap."

"He'll read page one if she sucks his dick."

"He can read?"

We giggled, trying to keep quiet for the lunchtime crowd. I swooped up my tray and delivered my drinks, took an order, and checked on the rest of my tables. I forgot about the lady in the grey suit until I went back to the service bar and saw her standing with Debbie, looking at me as though I was the reason she was there. Robert arched an eyebrow at me, and I told him to shut the hell up with my pursed lips and narrowed eyes.

"Hi," I said when I reached Debbie and The Rectangle.

"Monica," Debbie said, "this is Lily."

"You can call me Lil." The Rectangle had a genuine smile and feminine voice.

"Hi, Lil." I slid my tray onto the bar and pressed a damp terry towel to my soda-sticky palms before offering my hand. She shook it, but only for a second, as if the familiarity made her uncomfortable.

Lil handed me a small beige envelope that seemed only wide enough for a check. My name was scribbled on the front in blue ballpoint.

"It's not a subpoena, is it?" I joked.

"Nah."

I looked from her, to Debbie, and back. Lil gave me a short nod and said, "Thank you," before walking out.

"What was that about?" I asked Debbie.

"Yeah," said Robert, appearing like a bad penny, elbow on the bar, peering at my envelope. I smacked him with it.

"Take your break," Debbie said to me. "Maddy has you covered."

I took my little envelope to the back room, which had a few long tables, a vending machine, microwaves, and our lockers. I was alone. I opened the envelope.

Dear Monica,

Can you meet me at the Loft Club after work? I'd like to talk to you, at length, until morning if possible.

Lil will meet you out front after your shift.

If you can't make it, let her know.

-Jonathan

The print was tightly written with the same blue ballpoint. As though he'd dashed it off without thinking, or as if he had been in a rush. For the billionth time that afternoon, I counted the days since we'd last seen each other. He'd said he was going to Korea for two weeks, and it had been just about that. I put the paper to my nose and got his dry smell full in the face. A controlled scent, it was truly original.

I had no idea how I would get through the second half of my shift. I had a gig that night, and it was an important one. According to the assistant's assistant I had spoken to at WDE, half of their talent agents would be at Frontage to see me and Gabby, though she and I were still a nameless pairing. I had four hours between my lunch shift and my gig. I could squeeze Jonathan in. Making plans with him before the gig was foolish and reckless, but I wanted to see Jonathan Drazen almost as much as I wanted to play.

CHAPTER 2

Lil waited out front, leaning on a grey Bentley in a loading zone. When she saw me, she opened the back door.

"Hi. Uh..." I felt weird getting into the car without knowing where I was going or who was driving.

Lil spoke as if reading my mind. "I'm Mister Drazen's driver. I'll take you there and back. If you're going to be out late, you can give me your car key, and I'll take care of your car for you."

"How?"

"Take it back to your house."

"How would you get back to your car?"

Lil smiled as if I was a seven-year-old asking why water floated down, not up. "I'm not the only staff. Don't worry. Please. I do this for a living."

I smiled at her, broadcasting pure discomfort, and slid into the back seat.

I'd never been in a car like that before. Darren and I had taken a limo to prom, but it smelled of beer and vomit and the carpet was damp from a recent shampoo. I'd ridden in Bennet Mattewich's Ferarri down the 405 at two a.m. He thought the ride bought him a blow job, but it almost bought him a slashed tire. We'd stayed friends, but he never took me out in his dad's car again.

The Bentley was huge. The leather seats faced each other and it had brushed chrome buttons I didn't understand without a crumb or speck of grime anywhere around them. The paneling was wood-real wood, dark and warm-and though the ride took about ten minutes, I felt as if I'd been transported from one world to another via spacecraft.

The car stopped on a dead end street in the most industrial part of downtown, somewhere between the arts district and the river. Next to the car was an old warehouse with a top floor made exclusively of windows. The side of the building facing the parking lot was painted in matte black with modernist lettering listing each tenant. No mention of a Loft Club or anything like it.

I'd seen enough movies to know I should wait, and Lil was at my door in two seconds flat, as if I was incapable of opening it myself.

"Go on in to the desk, and the concierge will take care of you." She handed me a cardboard rectangle the size of a business card with a few numbers printed on the front. The word LOFT was printed on the top, in grey.

"Thanks," I said. I walked up the steps and inside. When I showed the card to the Asian gentleman behind the lobby's glass counter, I was still convinced I was either in the wrong building or the whole thing was a cruel joke.

He checked the card against something written in a leather book in a way that wasn't rude but was somehow officious. I shifted a little in my waitress getup: a black wrap shirt and short skirt, from Target and the thrift store on Sunset respectively. I felt as though my clothes exposed me as an outsider or worse: a liar and sneak. But he looked up with a smile and said, "Down this hall behind me. Pass the first elevator bank and make a left. I'll buzz you through the doors. There's another elevator at the end of the hall. Take it to the top."

"Thank you."

My heels clicked on the concrete floors. I shrugged my bag close. I passed the first set of elevators and made the left. A pair of frosted glass doors stood in my way, and I noticed a camera hovering above them. A second later, a resonant beep preceded a click, and the doors whooshed open.

Beyond those doors, the hallway changed. The lighting was softer and came from modernist chrome sconces. The walls were a softer white, and when I got close, I saw the texture was silkier, somehow more nuanced. The oak and brass elevator didn't look like a refrigerator, as most do, and it hummed in D minor and dinged in the same key before it whooshed open.

I stepped onto the floral carpet and hit the button that said Loft in block letters. The door closed, and the elevator took off without a sound. I closed my eyes, focusing on the force under my feet. The elevator's movement somehow added to the pressure between my legs that maybe had more to do with the fact I was seeing Jonathan than the perfect speed of the vessel I stood in.

The doors opened onto a room made of glass overlooking the city. I could see the library, the Marriot, the whole skyline, and the miasma of smog hovering over it all. The marble floors had a gravitas all their own and were buffed to a shine that didn't look cheap. The woodwork seemed to have gotten seven extra turns of the dowel.

The lobby was lightly populated with people speaking quietly. A clink of laughter. A klatch of young men in perfect suits. Leather couches. A chandelier as big as my garage. I couldn't take it all in fast enough.

"May I help you?" The woman clasped her hands in front of her and bent a little at the waist. Her hair was twisted in an unremarkable bun and was an equally unremarkable color. She smiled in a way that was attractive but not stunningly so. Even though she wore a blue Chanel suit, her job seemed to be to appear as unthreatening as possible, and she was very good at it.

"Hi," I said. I smiled because I didn't know what else to do.

She noted the card I'd crumpled in my hand. "May I?"

"Oh." I was so nervous I was being an ass. I was entitled to be there. I was invited. I had no reason to feel unworthy just because I didn't know where I was. I handed her the card and stood up straighter, no thanks to my thrift store skirt and two-year-old shoes.

She thanked me and looked at the card. "Right this way. My name is Dorothy."

"I'm Monica. Nice to meet you."

She gave me a courteous smile and took me down halls and byways. When I noticed how many outer walls had windows, I remembered how the building had looked from the street. Places all over the city looked mysterious and inaccessible from the outside, and that warehouse was one of them.

Finally, Dorothy stopped in front of a door. "If you need anything, I'll be your concierge. My number is on the card."

She gave me a white card the size of a playing card, then opened the door.

"Thank you." I didn't know if I was supposed to tip her or say anything in particular, so I just slipped in. Dorothy clicked the thick wooden door shut behind me. Two walls were made of windows. A third wall made of shelves included wine, glasses, a bucket of ice, and a wet bar. The fourth wall had a huge oil painting that looked like a Monet or a damn good copy. The Persian carpet looked real. Antique couches flanked a six-foot long coffee table cut from a single tree.

I had no idea what I was supposed to do.

I spotted a bottle of Perrier and two glasses on a small table on the opposite side of the room, against a window, and walked over to it. The leather chairs next to the table were worn in the right places and their arms were bolted with brass studs. An envelope with the word "Monica" printed on the front balanced between the two glasses. I slid the note out. Printed on the club letterhead, which was embossed with silver, was,

Five minutes late - Jonathan.

I looked at my watch, then poured myself a glass of water and waited in the chair, humming and looking at the skyline. I was looking forward to seeing him and feeling his touch, the curves of his body, the heat of his mouth on mine.

When the door opened, it startled me. I stood up, still holding the short glass of bubbling water.

Jonathan tucked his phone away with one hand and carried a briefcase in the other. I'd only seen him at night, naked or in casual clothes and late day scruff. I'd never seen him clean-shaven and wearing a three-button herringbone tweed jacket with a windowpane white shirt and a tie the color of coal. A black silk square stuck out of his left chest pocket. Matte black cufflinks. All that was really nice. It brought out the shape of his body: straight, tall, with shoulders that didn't need padding and a waist that didn't pull his front buttons.

"Hi," I said.

"You came." He seemed genuinely surprised and placed his briefcase on the short table by the couches.

"Lil didn't tell you?"

He stepped toward me. "She doesn't answer the phone if she's driving, which is most of the time." He stood a foot from me, and I felt his gaze on my face. "And in a way, I didn't want to know."

I leaned into him, breathing a little heavier, just to take him in. "I have a gig later."

"How much later?" He seemed to lean forward, too, though I couldn't tell if it was a physical lean or the spear of his attention.

"Later."

"Would you like to sit down?"

No, I didn't. I wanted to put my body all over his. Instead, I sat when he did.

He poured himself a glass of Perrier and leaned back. "How have you been?"

"You had a driver pick me up to ask me that? You could have sent me a text and gotten the same answer."

"What's the answer?"

"I've been fine. Thank you."

"Just fine?"

He wanted more. He wanted a way into a conversation about what he and I did really well. At least, that was what I was reading. "Fine," I said, "and a little aroused most of the time."

He smiled a true and genuine smile. "I think I missed you."

"You think?"

He leaned forward, putting his elbows on his knees. "I'm not going to pretend I missed you the way I'd miss someone I know very well. But, okay, here's an example. I'm in the office of the Korean Minister of Tourism. This is the guy who can approve the hotel or send me packing if I say the wrong word. My Korean is fluent, but not nuanced, so I have to pay attention."

I leaned forward as well. "You speak Korean?"

"I live in Los Angeles. Do you want me to finish my story?"

I wanted him to bend me over and f**k me, but instead I said, "Yes. Finish."

"He's rattling off numbers, and somewhere in there is a mistake that will cost me a fortune if I only pay attention to the total, but I have to translate the numbers and find the flaw. Like he'll say the permit is one, the fees are two, something else is three, and it all equals ten, meaning the mistake is four. He considers that his bribe, which I'm not paying. But the numbers are bigger, and he's talking fast so no one else in the room will get it. I can't keep my mind on what he's saying or who I'm paying because all I can think about ..." He paused as if he'd reached the important part. "All I can picture in my mind is spreading your legs."

I cleared my throat to keep from smiling, but my face still split in a wide grin. For a second, I wondered if he hadn't been trying to be funny, but when I saw his pleased expression, I knew I hadn't insulted him.

"I wasn't even thinking about sex," he said. "I mean, I was, but just that moment when I put my hands on your knees and pulled them apart, and you leaned back and let me do it. I kept replaying it. That moment when you let me. Couldn't add and subtract worth a dime. I'm sure I overpaid the man."

My legs tingled, wanting the pressure of his hands between them. I pressed my knees together, waiting for him to do what he'd fantasized. "Well," I said, "I've started sucking on ice cubes all day."

"Ah. The porch."

"I just smile until it melts. Debbie thinks I've lost my mind."

He plucked a cube from his glass. "Maybe you have." He reached out and put the ice to my mouth, brushing my bottom lip. I opened my mouth and circled around the edge. I flicked my tongue out, but he wouldn't give it to me. A drop of cold water trailed down my chin, and he took the cube away, popping it into his mouth and crunching. "I want you," he said.

My spine felt like a piano someone had just done scales down.

"I want to have you in ways that surprise me."

"I'll take that as a compliment."

"But I think we need clarity first." Nothing followed but him looking into his glass.

I leaned back and sipped my water. "Go on."

He tapped his fingertips together and looked out the window, stalling. I wasn't about to interrupt.

"I've imagined a hundred ways to say this. They all sounded like I was trying to hurt you," he started.

"Unless your dick fell off in Seoul, it can't be anything that bad."

He laughed and rubbed his eyes. "I'll say it straight. I love my wife. My ex-wife. Nothing will ever change that."

"Okay."

"I can't love anyone else."

I got it. We could like each other forever, but he wouldn't cross that line into love even if I did. I considered myself fair-warned. I had to let him know I was good with that, but I wasn't his doormat either.

"I don't want your heart," I said. "I want your attention for a few hours at a time. I understand I'm one of many women you carouse around with."

He raised an eyebrow. "How much carousing do you think I do?"

"A lot."

"Based on what?"

"Rumor. And pictures on the internet." My face burned red hot.

"The rumors are based partly on fact, I admit," he said. "But carousing's only carousing if I take them out. The pictures on the internet, I had my clothes on?"

"Parties and stuff." I couldn't look at him. I felt silly accusing him of being a whore with so little evidence.

"I have seven sisters. Most of them have been there for me since the divorce."

How many women had been in the pictures? Not a hundred. But I assumed they were like roaches. If you see one on the counter, there are fifty more behind the cabinets. "How many times will this sister thing bite me in the ass?" I asked.

He smiled. "They're a slippery bunch. All older. And protective."

"You're lucky. I'm an only. I attach to friends."

He put his glass down and slipped his icy fingers between my knees, but he didn't part them. A chill went up my thighs, to my belly, where the heat I'd been tamping for weeks raged. I could have closed my mouth right then, said nothing, opened my legs, and let him do whatever he wanted.

"I have something else to say," I whispered.

"Tell me."

"I'm a musician. It's what I do. You can't interfere. Even for the best sex of my life, you can't get in the way of one rehearsal."

"That's the last thing I'd do," he said.

"That also means if I start feeling as though my heart's getting shredded, even if you're being a pure gentleman, it won't matter. We're done. Even if you haven't done anything wrong. I don't have time for it."

He ran his palms along my thighs, then back to my knees, his thumbs grazing the insides. I kept them closed. I wanted him to open me. I wanted the pressure of his fingers on my flesh, and I wanted to resist, just a little.

"I have another thing I've been thinking about," he said.

"Go."

He put his hands up my skirt and slid his fingers under my panties as if they weren't even there. The intrusion was delicious, and my cheap knit skirt rode up until the triangle of my underwear was exposed. When he looked down, I felt like I was being touched again.

"I own your orgasms." He pulled me forward to the edge of the seat before I could respond. His move was forceful, demanding, and left no room for questions.

"I don't know what that means," I gasped as he slipped my panties off. He put his finger under my right knee and placed it over the arm of the chair. I let him. I wanted him to. The less I resisted, the more aroused I became, especially when he did the same with the left leg. I was spread-eagled on the chair. My skirt rode up, leaving nothing between him and my snatch.

"It means," he said, running his hands up the insides of my thighs, "you come when I say. Not before. If I send you home without, you just deal with it until I see you again." He looked at me as though he wasn't sure how I'd react. His green eyes darkened in the afternoon light.

"My fingers reach, you know," I said.

"Honor system," Jonathan said, running a thumb on each wet lip, leaving a vibrating hum behind them, like a plucked string.

I groaned. Had it only been two weeks? With my butt sliding forward, my legs over the chair's arms, and my pink wetness under his fingers, I felt as though I'd been pent up much longer.

"Ok." I would have agreed to anything.

"Ok, what?" He knelt in front of me and kissed the inside of my knee before running his tongue up my thigh. I touched his shoulder, and he grabbed my wrists, placing my hands on my knees. "Say it."

"You own my orgasms."

"And?" He bit down, deep where my thigh creased into sex. The pain was sharp and perfect. I lost words for a second. "When do you come?" he asked. His hands gripped my thighs, spreading my legs farther apart. It didn't hurt. It felt like surrender. It felt like giving myself over to his control. It felt safe.

"I come when you say," I whispered.

"I've thought about nothing but this," Jonathan said and put his tongue on my clit. He warmed it with his breath, not moving his tongue. I gasped and gripped the back of his head. He pulled his tongue away, and when I tried to push him back, he held my wrists in one hand. He sucked my clit, keeping my wrists in his tight grip. I was helpless under his tongue, the gentle counterpart to his rough hand. The tip of his tongue traced a line from my clit to my opening, teasing it, then sucking lightly. Warmth coursed through me. I threw my head back, breathing hard.

"Part of this," he said, moving his tongue back to my thigh, "is you have to tell me when you're close."

"Okay."

"You're very agreeable today." His green eyes looked at me over my crotch. I'd agree to anything that face asked.

"Next time, ask when I'm wearing pants."

He crawled up and kissed me, and I tasted my juices on his tongue. My legs were still spread, and he was still fully dressed. He let go of my hands to brush his fingers over my br**sts. I reached for his belt with one hand and felt the hardness through his pants with the other.

"Let me," I said.

"Later."

"Now."

"I own my orgasms, too," he said.

"God, you are a greedy bastard."

He kissed me again, then stood back, staring at me. I started to move one leg down, but he held my ankle.

"Don't move yet," he said. Then he stepped back.

I saw his erection under his perfectly fit trousers, and he seemed disinclined to hide it. All he did was stand there, smiling, and look at me with my snatch out. I knew he wouldn't f**k me, and I knew he wouldn't let me come. Despite how unfulfilled that made me, because my body wanted him without a thought to any kind of agreement or rule, I knew he would draw our encounter out until I peaked with desire. I wanted him, and I'd wait as long as he told me to.

"It was a long flight," he said. "I could use a drink."

"And after that?"

"You said you had a gig." He kneeled again.

I hoped for a second he would put his tongue back between my legs and finish the job, but he gently took my knees off the arms of the chair instead.

"Oh, man," I said. "This orgasm thing is going to break me into a million little pieces."

"What if it's worth it?"

"I'm counting on it."

Jonathan scooped my panties off the floor and held them open while I put my toes through, then he slid them back into place when I stood. He was still kneeling, with his hands up my thighs, when he said, "Pick up your skirt." I did. He put his hands on my ass and kissed between my legs, through the fabric of my underwear. Nerve endings I didn't know I had fired like rounds of ammunition.

A million little pieces, for sure.

CHAPTER 3

"What do you drink, Monica?" Jonathan asked, as if realizing for the first time he had no idea. My mother would not have approved of our intimacy so soon, but Mom had never been at the raw wood bar in the lobby of Loft Club, either. She'd never seen the view of Los Angeles facing west, from downtown to the water, never been with a man besides Dad, never served drinks to seventy-five people a night or sung a note outside church. I stopped taking life lessons from my mother right about when I left my first love and started sleeping with Kevin.

"Same as you, actually," I said. "Single malt if they have it."

"I presume you'd like some ice to suck on?"

"You presume correctly."

The bartender, an old guy who looked as though he could mix a bull shot or Harvey Wallbanger without checking the book, scooped ice into two glasses and poured two fingers of MacAllan into each.

The room was huge and not too crowded. Mostly, the members wore creative class outfits, movie executives, talent agents, entertainment lawyers, ad agency people, and they all sat in square-cushioned armchairs around low tables. The waitstaff flitted between them, making as little fuss and being as unassuming and invisible as possible. I checked to see if everyone was out of earshot.

"How long have you been a member here?" I asked.

"My father got me a membership to the Gate Club when I turned eighteen. I moved over here a few years later."

Iggy Winkin, the sound guy at the studio, had a girlfriend who worked at Club KatManDo. It was probably the same kind of thing, and he said memberships ran about 35 grand a year. Obscene, for sure, but who was I to say? I was trying to get around to a different point entirely, and bringing up money would sidetrack the conversation indefinitely.

"They must know you in here," I said.

"Pretty much. The old guys. Like Kenny over there." He indicated the bartender. "He used to work at the Gate. Knew my dad. Told me stories I didn't want to hear."

"Like what?"

"You're full of questions."

"I'm trying to keep my mind off this feeling between my legs."

He leaned close. "Describe it."

I sipped my drink. I didn't have a single word or even phrase to describe the raw hunger of the physical sensation. I whispered, "Kind of like someone hooked me up to a bicycle pump and put too much air in. I feel overfull. It's your fault. Now, tell me. Kenny and your dad. Make something up, I don't care."

"My dad's a drunk. A passive, pathetic drunk, and Kenny poured him a few thousand gallons of vodka over three decades. His stool was at the end of the bar, right there." He pointed at a space occupied by a thirty-something year-old guy in a cream suit and blue tie. "I want to hear more about what's going on between your legs."

"It's eating my brain. Your body just looks like a bunch of surfaces I want to rub against. I can't think in this state. IQ points are dropping off me. I can only speak in short sentences. Back to Kenny. How many times has he seen you here with a woman who wants to rub herself up against you?"

"Does it matter?"

"No, because it doesn't. And yes, because I want to know if I should steal a matchbook now or next time."

He laughed softly, covering his mouth. "I want to kiss you, but there's a guy here from acquisitions at Carnival Records and I don't want to embarrass you."

"Who?" I brushed my hair behind my ears and tried so hard not to look around that I must have looked everywhere at once.

"Eddie, hey," Jonathan said to a man behind me. He was Jonathan's age, bulky and handsome with receding black hair he brushed forward in a way that suggested he did it for style, not to cover a balding head.

"Jon, what's happening? Did you watch the game? We got killed."

"I can't watch anymore," Jonathan answered.

"Falling down on the job, as usual," Eddie said before he looked at me. "I'm Ed. We played for Penn together."

"Played what?" I was embarrassed I didn't know, but not too embarrassed to ask.

Eddie looked at Jonathan, then back at me. "You're not one of the sisters?"

Jonathan smiled, so I knew Eddie wasn't implying anything terrible. "This is Monica. No relation," Jonathan said.

"Ah," Eddie said, holding out his hand to shake mine. "Sorry then. Nice to meet you. Jonathan pitched. I played the bench."

"Nice to meet you, Ed."

"Monica's a singer," Jonathan said, "but she finds time to follow the Dodgers."

"My sympathies to both of you," Eddie said.

"I'm from Echo Park," I said. "I don't know this guy's excuse."

Jonathan took mock offense, looking at his watch. "Don't you have a gig?"

I sipped the last of my scotch. The ice cubes were huge, so I couldn't hold one in my mouth for Jonathan's benefit the way I wanted to. "I do. The late dinner crowd at Frontage awaits. Ed, it was nice to meet you."

"Oh, that's you," he said.

"Maybe. I guess that depends on what you heard."

"I heard someone's taking the house down over there."

"I doubt it was me."

Jonathan put down his drink. "It's her. She's not as modest with a microphone in front of her." He addressed me, "Come on, let me get you down to the car."

We said our goodbyes, and when Jonathan walked me out, he put his hand on my back. My skin shivered where he touched.

"Thanks for that," I said in the hallway outside the elevator. "That guy, he's important in my world. You put my face in a good context."

"My pleasure, and just so you know, I wouldn't have said anything if you didn't sing the way you do."

The elevator was empty. I kissed him on the way down, not as a lead into sex, but because he'd moved me by talking about me the way he did. His arms went around my waist and cradled my back, his mouth returning my affections, matching the tone and substance of what I was trying to say. That he wanted my body was enough for me, but supporting my work was a new and different thing, and it required a different kind of kiss. I wished there were more floors, because the doors opened before I'd appreciated him enough.

Lil got out when she saw us approach. I had enough time to make it back to my car and get to Frontage early enough to get made up.

"After your gig," Jonathan said, "text me?"

"I usually go out after with my friends."

He looked me up and down as if he was eating me raw, just like he'd done and tried to hide the first time we'd met. Only now he didn't have to conceal it. "If you don't mind unfinished business, it's okay with me," he said.

I got into the Bentley, and he walked back into the club.

CHAPTER 4

The dressing room at Frontage hadn't improved a single bit since my first night there two weeks earlier, but my attitude toward it had. We'd begun on a Thursday night, and they'd asked us back for Sundays and Tuesdays as well, until we dried up or found something better to do. Bitch and moan though I might, they paid in cash and didn't suck us dry for incidentals. After that first show, we brought people in, so they started feeding us dinner and slipping a few drinks our way after the set. I enjoyed being treated like something besides a piece of drink-slinging eye-candy or a desperate whore singing for nickels.

Gabby was already there, smearing beige under her eyes. Tonight was our night. WDE had booked a table. Rhee, the hostess, confirmed it was true, and at my request, she put them by the speaker on the left, which had the warmest sound.

"Did you check your seat for gum?" Gabby asked.

"No gum," I replied, clicking through the bottles and tubes in my makeup bag.

"Vocal chords attached?"

"I hope you get carpal tunnel."

"Bitch," she said.

"Snob," I replied. We smiled at each other through the mirror.

I'd met Gabby during my first day in L.A. Performing. I was tall but gangly and awkward. Glasses and braces, the whole thing. All the other kids seemed to know each other. They'd all come from a music charter on the west side, slipping into ninth grade at the exalted magnet as planned. I'd filled out my application and bussed myself to the audition behind my parents' backs. I informed them of where I was going to high school when the acceptance letter came.

So in that first week, while I was getting my bearings, Gabby and her crowd had themselves completely together. Totally unprepared for the competition, I was subjected to laughter that may or may not have been directed at the fact that I was off half a key, fell victim to broken guitar strings, and found a blue gum wad on my drum skin. During last period on my first Thursday, when I sat down on a stool and it broke under me to the music of everyone's laughter, I ran out crying.

The last person I'd expected ran out after me: Gabrielle. She laughed the loudest, stared the hardest, flipped her blonde hair with the most vigor. Before she fell apart at twenty-two, she was the most together girl I'd ever met.

"What do you want?" I'd shouted when she followed me into the bathroom. "Why are you all so mean to me?"

"What are you talking about?"

"You laughed when I fell."

"It was funny. I mean, you've been here a week, and if there's a broken chair or a guitar with a busted string, you pick it. The guys have a pool about when you're going to break your glasses in P.E."

I'd wanted to fight harder with her. I'd wanted to blame her for a week's worth of misery, but the fact was, I had chosen that guitar because it was blue, and I didn't check the strings. The gum did look pretty old, but I'd blamed them anyway, and I'd sat in that chair because it was far away from everyone.

"Everyone says you're a snob," said Gabby.

"I am not a snob. I'm a bitch."

I'd chewed the inside of my cheek for a second, because awkward girls weren't supposed to risk saying things like that to cool girls. After a second, she laughed, and I did too.

"Come sit with us at lunch," she'd said. "I think my brother has a crush on you, so... gross. Okay?"

She'd folded me into the in crowd from that lunch on, like a complementary voice in a symphony, just adding me as if I was naturally in the same rhythm and key, and my entrance simply hadn't been arranged for the first few measures.

"You calm?" I asked Gabby in the dressing room as she poked at something nonexistent on her face. She had to be. Since my night with Jonathan when he'd promised to call Arnie Sanderson, she'd been blissed out. The call had been totally unnecessary, but any light at the end of her tunnel was a positive.

"No, I am not calm." She giggled. "Look!" She held her hands out. They were shaking. Generally, one wouldn't want that in a pianist, but in Gabby's case, as soon as she sat down, her fingers and body would quiet, and she'd be completely on top of it. "I got everyone from school in. I called in every favor. And the whole gang from Thelonius? All here. Darren, too."

"He bring his new girl?"

"I have no idea. Do you feel strong on Cheek to Cheek?" We'd worked on a rendition that sounded as though Gershwin had been talking about more than a little facial contact. All the songs were shaking out that way, and it brought them in.

"We're good on Cheek to Cheek."

"It's happening, Mon. Really happening."

"This is a long process." I took out my makeup bag and smeared back on what Jonathan had kissed off. "We're not signing any contracts in the morning. We don't even have a disc or anything."

"You said not to worry about that."

"I didn't worry about it until Jonathan introduced me to Eddie Walker as if I didn't know who he was, and if he'd asked me for a disc, I wouldn't have had one."

I watched her in the mirror and saw her eyes go blank. She was doing a calculation in her head, and she took a second to come up with the answer.

"Penn," she said.

"Yes, they went to University of Pennsylvania together, but do you know what sport they played?"

When Gabby didn't know something, she didn't pretend she did, so her answer came quickly. "No."

"Baseball."

She pushed her mascara stick into the tube slowly, staring at it. I could almost see her filing the information and cross-referencing it with every other piece of Hollywood intelligence in her head.

"Thanks for doing this," she said. "I know you didn't want to do a restaurant gig, but I feel really good about it, and I couldn't do it without you."

"Well, I was wrong. I should have said yes right off. I mean, the thing about performing is you have to perform, otherwise you're all talk, right?" I said.

"That's exactly what I'm saying. If we get WDE behind us, we can maybe start doing your songs."

I shrugged. My songs were rage-filled punk diatribes and wouldn't translate into the loungey thing I was doing with Gabby. If we landed an agent as a piano-driven lounge act, I had no idea what I would do with him. I couldn't go from eXene to Sade on a dime. As a keyboardist, Gabby could play anything at any time, but I would be in a world of shit at the first hint of success working at Frontage. I had zero songs ready.

"I didn't tell you something about meeting Eddie today," I said, trying to sound flip.

"He cute?"

"Yes. And he'd heard about us."

"He was trying to get into your pants."

"No, he didn't know it was me singing here when he mentioned it. I mean, he did, but he could have just said something polite like, oh, how nice. But he didn't. He was all, Oh, that's you?"

"What did he say, exactly?"

"He'd heard someone was bringing down the house at Frontage."

"Someone?"

I got defensive. She'd gotten me through high school. I'd never abandon her. "He didn't phrase it like it was just one person. Could have been a swing ensemble from the way he said it."

Gabby tossed her sticks and tubes back in her little bag. "I'd better get out there," she said. "I have to warm them up."

We hugged like sisters, and I went back to making my face presentable.

When I told Jonathan he was lucky to have sisters, I'd meant it. I hated being an only child. I hated when my mother looked at me as if I'd somehow disappointed her by being her first and last, as if it was my fault they found cancer during the C-section. I hated being the only kid in the house. I hated being responsible for every success and failure of my parents' children. The attention was great, except when I wanted to die from it.

If anything happens to the only child, there's no backup. If she's a drug addict, all the kids are drug addicts. If she dies in a car accident, suddenly the family is dissolved.

In one way, I never felt right around people, and in another, I craved their company. I needed them too much. So I had tons of acquaintances, maybe four hundred people in a loose music-scene around Echo Park and Silver Lake. I could fill a club when I needed to, but outside the guys who wanted to screw me, I inspired no closeness in anyone besides Darren and Gabby, who were orphans and needed me as much as I needed them.

CHAPTER 5

I poked my head out into the restaurant. Darren was at the bar with a huddled group. I recognized them: Theo, Mark, Ursula, Mollie, and Raven. Darren was Mister Popularity. He could bust out an inside joke with anyone he met on the east side. He had an ear for language and a way of listening that gave him a vocal "in" with whoever was in earshot.

I didn't see a girl I didn't recognize, so he either came without her or I knew her. I deliberately didn't look at the table by the warm speaker. I didn't want to see if they'd shown or if it was a table full of assistants getting drunk on the company dime. I didn't want to see an empty table with a big "reserved" card on it. I didn't want to see anything at all; I only needed to feel.

I'd been drawing off the energy from my night with Jonathan for two weeks, and after that afternoon at the Loft Club, I felt renewed and concerned. I couldn't let myself depend on him getting me all hot and bothered so I could sing to the throb between my legs. I had no idea how much longer he'd drag me around by the panties, but it surely wouldn't be long enough to make a career.

Rhee stood by the door at the opposite side of the room, hair up, a big smile her default setting. A black woman in her forties, she didn't look a day over thirty. She winked when she saw me and tilted her head to the table by the warm speaker, which I couldn't see from where I stood.

It was go time, as my dad would say.

The management always put fifteen minutes at the beginning of the schedule for the talent to walk around doing a meet and greet. My disdain for that type of gig had evaporated when I realized what shrewd businesspeople ran the operation. My job wasn't to fade into the background as I'd originally thought, but to make the diners feel as though they'd walked into a place where they were known, and special, and wanted. The goal was repeat business, and though new customers were encouraged, the management found people who came back regularly were better tippers, better customers, and better friends than a constant stream of trend followers.

Gabby was already improvising something on the piano in the center of the dining room. Her eyes were closed. She wouldn't even know it was time to start until I put my hand on her shoulder in twelve minutes. Darren was in the middle of an earnest discussion with Theo and Mark, and I broke in to greet them.

"You guys," I said to Darren, Theo, and Mark as a group, "please look like I'm cheering you up when I sing, okay? You're talking like you're at a funeral."

Theo, who had Maori tattoos crawling up his neck despite being a skinny Scottish dude, pointed an unlit cigarette at me. "You tell him to get his sorry ass over to Boing Boing Studios. He's a man without a band. It's a crime."

Darren rolled his eyes, and I put my hand on his arm, speaking for him. "He told you he wants to mature as an artist before selling his ass to the man, right? He told you he wants to develop his process before he starts playing for other people's glory?"

"Oy," Theo said. "My ears hurt with this."

Mark cut in. With his narrow-lapel jacket and horn-rimmed black glasses, he couldn't have been more Theo's opposite. "You need to get in your ten thousand hours, buddy. That's the rule. You can't master an art in under ten thousand hours. Documented. You can't develop a process in a vacuum. Bank on that."

Darren looked at me with his big blue eyes. Poor guy. He and Gabby had enough to live on from their inheritance, but they couldn't do much more than live. The cash flow they enjoyed seemed to keep them from doing the things they needed to do in order to grow.

"Darren, try it," I said. "Be a studio musician for fifteen minutes. You're making a big deal over nothing."

Over Darren's shoulder, I saw a face I recognized, and though I took a second to put a name to her face, she knew me right away and waved, smiling.

"Thank you," Theo said. "Nicely done, lassie."

But my mind was on the woman in the green dress. "I have to go," I said, making my way to her.

Before I got half a step away, Darren grabbed my arm and whispered in my ear, "Behind you, at a deuce up front. Kevin."

"Fuck."

"Bad idea," he said.

"Can you get rid of him?"

"Nope." He smiled at me, our faces close enough to kiss. I'd left Darren for Kevin almost two years before, and though he forgave me, he'd never forgotten.

"Fuck. What do I do?"

"You go and act like this is your room."

Right. This was my room. Kevin was the interloper. I stood up straighter and continued toward the woman in the green dress: Jonathan's sister.

"Theresa," I said, "hi. I'm so glad you came."

She kissed each of my cheeks. "I had to, of course, since I was the one who told Gene about you."

"Oh, it was you," I said. "Thanks again, then. I had no idea you worked at WDE."

"I run the accounting department. Not glamorous, but it keeps me busy. This is my sister, Deirdre."

Deirdre stood close to six feet tall, and she wore jeans and an Army surplus jacket. Her auburn curls stuck out everywhere, and her eyes were as big and green as the emerald isle itself. They were also glazed over, with lids hanging at half mast. She was drunk, and dinner hadn't even been served yet.

"Hi," I said. "Nice to meet you."

She looked at me, then made a point of looking away. I was being ignored, and somehow it was deeply personal. I turned back to Theresa with a big fat smile. "I hope you enjoy the entertainment tonight."

Deirdre made a huffing noise, and Theresa and I looked at each other for a second. She seemed as embarrassed as I was as she said, "I'm sure I will. Come by the table after."

I thanked her and left. I looked at Rhee. She spoke with a customer, nodding and serious, her dark skin a flawless velvet despite her knitted brows. If she wasn't on me, I had a minute. Scanning the room, I saw Kevin sitting with his buddy Jack. Kevin waved me over with one hand and pushed Jack's shoulder with the other. Jack gave me a quick wave and vacated the seat. Apparently, I was supposed to sit there. I glanced to Rhee again. She held up five fingers. Five minutes left. Perfect. I slid into Jack's empty chair. Kevin didn't get up or pull the chair out for me. He never did.

"Nice to see you," I said.

"You changed your number." He gave me the sorry eyes. They used to put me in a state of panic that I'd done something to hurt him. His huge brown eyes, big as saucers, hung under eyebrows that arched down at the ends. He had the textbook cartoon sad face. His hair had that greasy hipster look, a perfect complement to the ever-short beard that broadcast he was above such trivial concerns as looking nice in company. I used to think that made him smarter, more intellectual, more spiritual, but really, he'd just hit a lucky triple in the looks department and made it to home plate on a force play.

"I'm sorry," I said. "You know where I live." I smiled because I wanted Rhee to see me engaging a new person, not looking like an alley cat about to defend a fishbone.

"That's stalking," he explained. "The fact that you didn't want to talk to me was enough of a message."

"Yeah, well. We're grown-ups, and that was a year and a half ago. So, I have four and a half minutes. It is nice to see you." I plastered my friendliest smile across my face as I delivered the last line, and he bought it. He took a sip of his beer and relaxed.

"I heard about you singing here. Everyone's talking about it. 'This girl at Frontage will make you cry.' As soon as I heard it, I thought it was you. My canary." I think I blushed a little. No. I know I blushed a little. With all his degradation of my music toward the end, I'd forgotten his pet name for me. The memory of the time he did honor my talents went straight to my heart.

"And once I thought about you..." He stopped himself and reached into his pocket. "I thought, man, I'd like for her to see what I'm doing too. Thought we could hook up again. Artistically. You know? As creators in this mad city."

He handed me a brochure. The Los Angeles Modern Museum had a Solar Eclipse show every time there was a full eclipse somewhere in the world. It was a group show of the moment's hottest visual and conceptual artists, and an invitation to show could open doors to new artists, reinvigorate the careers of established artists, and solidify stars in the historical lexicon.

Kevin's name sat in the middle of the list.

"Congratulations," I said. "Tomorrow night, huh? Have you hung it already?"

"Did it today. It looks amazing. This is my best work yet. I have one last invite, and well..." He made his deep artist face, where he looked away and made a pained expression before he blanked it off his face. "You contributed to my work. You were my muse. I want you to be there."

Either he had a new expression or he really meant it, because his face was nothing if not completely sincere.

"I'll try to come. I'm happy for you."

He smiled, and I remembered why I'd loved him. Not for the serious crap, but the smiles that lit up his face and my heart at the same time.

I caught sight of Rhee out of the corner of my eye and stood up.

"I'll put you on the list," he said as I walked away.

I walked to the piano and touched Gabby's shoulder. She opened her eyes.

I gave the flyer one last look before slipping it onto my music stand. Jonathan's ex-wife, Jessica Carnes, was at the top of the list. I folded it over.

Gabby started Stormy Weather. The room quieted, though I could still hear the occasional fork or clinking glass. I had to close my eyes against the spotlight. I sang it the way we'd rehearsed, of course, with the sexual longing intact, but something was missing.

Jonathan's ministrations that afternoon had done their work on my body, but my mind was on Kevin, and everything he said to me and didn't, every expectation I couldn't meet, every time I'd failed him with my own ambitions. My disappointment at the inadequacy of his love came in a flood.

I had nothing to do but use it because I started Someone to Watch Over Me. I growled it from my diaphragm. I used the breakup I'd caused, cutting me off from friends I depended on because I was the aggressor. I wasn't allowed hurt. I wasn't allowed to grieve. Without Gabby and Darren, I had had no one to love me during that time. No guarantees. No sisters to protect me from bad decisions or whatever predatory lover followed. No Deirdre to defend me. No one would shelter me or worry about me. When I found that emotional place, I roared the last notes of the song, getting rid of all the accumulated junk feeding the angry girl in my heart.

Then I felt clean. I went through the rest of the songs the way we'd planned, with the dynamics and inflections coming from the right place. We culminated with Moon River, our gentle send-off from the emotional roller-coaster of the set.

I breathed. And they applauded. I was getting used to that. I didn't get filled-up like a balloon anymore, probably because they weren't my songs. What they applauded over their dinners was my craft, not my songwriting, and that artistic distance made all the difference.

I nodded, glancing behind me. Kevin's table was empty. Typical. I thanked everyone, and just like every time before, I slipped into the dressing room. Gabby came in right behind me.

"What happened to you?" she demanded.

"What?"

"I thought you were falling apart at Stormy Weather."

Ah. I remembered. Gabby the perfectionist. "I pulled it out, I think."

"Every. Song. Counts."

"Thanks. No pressure, right?"

"This was not the night to find your footing, Mon." She pointed at me, accusing me of ruining the set.

"Hey, you know what? Lay off. And you might consider pulling your weight at the meet and greet. The Gabby I knew in high school didn't hide behind a piano."

I didn't wait for a reaction. I just walked out. I'd been underhanded and cruel. The Gabby I knew in high school wasn't coming back, not after the depression and suicide attempt. That Gabby hadn't shown up for years, and bringing her up was unfair. I was fighting with some core, self-fulfilling loneliness that made me push people away.

The room was crowded, with the bar area customers bleeding into the dining area. The servers had trouble navigating the people and tables and mislaid chairs. I made it to the table by the warm speakers and found it full of men in perfect suits with colorful ties and women in button-down shirts and spiked heels. Agent-wear. Theresa had her back to me, and Deirdre, with her dismissive glare, was nowhere to be found. The eleven of them were having so many heated conversations in groups of two and three that I was going to pass the table and pretend I hadn't been on my way over.

"Monica Faulkner!" I heard my name and almost had a heart attack. Eugene Testarossa, who I'd been a creep to a couple of weeks before at the rooftop bar of the Stock, called out to me.

"Hi," I said, waiting for him to recognize me. From his expression, he either didn't remember me or didn't care.

"Nice set."

"Thanks."

"I'm Eugene. I'm a recording talent agent at WDE. You've heard of us?"

"Yes, of course." I was spinning smiles into gold, trying to keep from hugging a guy who, without his job and connections, wouldn't have gotten more than a courteous rejection.

"I'd like to sit and talk with you about something. Not a big deal. We're headed out to Snag. Can you come?"

A dream invitation. But no. I wasn't talking business over drinks. And if it wasn't business, I didn't want to be trapped at a douchebag bar on the west side.

"I have plans, I'm sorry."

He handed me a bright red card I knew had the WDE logo on it. "Call me then, and we'll set something up."

"Thanks. We hoped you'd come tonight."

"We? You've got representation already?"

"No, me and Gabby." I indicated her at the bar, next to Darren.

"Oh, the piano player? I thought she came with the club. Huh. Well. You don't gotta bring her if you don't want." My face must have been dragging on the floor, because he stood up straighter and held his hands out. "But no problem. Yeah, sure. Both of you. A set. We can talk."

"Great."

"Okay, you call tomorrow," he pointed at me, then put a phone to his ear. I smiled, but I knew more douchebag representation was in my future.

I started walking backward out into the aisle. "Will do," I said, nearly crashing into Iris, the waitress who'd been there long enough to be considered furniture. With one last wave, I went to the bar as fast as I could which, after the kind words and handshakes with everyone between Eugene Testarossa and Gabby, took about seven minutes.

"What happened?" Gabby was all over me. "What did he say?"

I showed her the card. She hugged me as if I'd just told her it was a healthy baby.

"Nice work." Darren held up his beer.

"Don't all huddle around the card, guys. Act cool, okay? It's not a big deal," I said.

"Ah, lassie," Theo said, "there's nothing coolish about you." He took my chin in his thumb and forefinger and shook my face. I playfully slapped his hand away.

"Let's go out," Darren said. "We can take every word you two said and give it major surgery."

Oh no. That wouldn't be good at all. I'd have to tell Gabby she was an optional part of the set or make something up I'd get busted for later. If she found out I'd had to rescue her before she'd even met Testarossa, she would spiral into Shitsville, and I didn't want Darren and me following her around again. Our recent freedom had been delicious.

"I made other plans," I said, glancing from face to face, landing on Gabby's last.

"Uh oh," Darren said. "Kevin's back."

"It's not Kevin," I said.

Gabby's eyes narrowed. "Cancel them."

"I don't want to. Tomorrow, you and I can call WDE. Testarossa's assistant will pick up. We'll make the appointment during lunchtime so he takes us out. Until then, you guys go out and have a good time. Come on. Give me a hug."

She did. Thank God, because I didn't know how much more convincing language I had in me.

CHAPTER 6

I texted Jonathan as soon as I got outside.

-Are you up?-

-I'm on Asia time. Wide awake.-

-Me too-

-So, why aren't you here?-

-Coming-

-!-

-j/k-

I'd been debating seeing Jonathan when a late night with the crew was the standard procedure. Testarossa had handed me the perfect incentive, but I'd almost wished he hadn't. I'd rather tell them I was ditching them to get laid than that Gabby's dream agent wanted to rep her as an optional attachment, or not at all.

I wouldn't abandon her.

I couldn't. I didn't know how.

She wasn't just my first lover's sister. They'd both become my family. We'd been through stuff together.

CHAPTER 7

I remembered where Jonathan lived, up by the historic fig trees. I had no idea how many cars he owned, but the little Fiat in the drive didn't look like his style at all. At ten p.m., he shouldn't have had any guests, but he stood on the porch with his arms crossed, talking to a blonde a few years older than me. She wore a printed, ankle-length dress and a loose jacket. He saw me pull in and waved. The blonde kept talking. I didn't know if I should get out or hide until she left.

That was ridiculous. I had a right to be there. I gathered my things and got out of the car. As if on cue, the woman turned and stepped off the porch, tapping something into her phone. As we passed each other, she glanced at me, but she got the phone to her ear in time to avoid greeting me.

"That was awkward," I said as I stepped onto the porch.

"Not really," Jonathan replied. "Or, I mean to say, not yet." He wore a sweatshirt and jeans, but not old, grey things. He wore designer clothes that were new at the edges and fit as they should, bringing out the beauty of his body without showing an inch of skin.

He looked behind me at the Fiat as it pulled out.

"Your assistant?" I asked.

"One of them." When the Fiat got into the street, he clicked a button on his remote box, and the gate slid shut. He leaned on the door jamb. "How did your gig go?"

"Fantastic. We're about to land a very good agent." I suddenly felt exposed, standing out on the porch again in a sleeveless, button-down shirt dress and heels.

"Oh, really." He put the remote on a table by the door.

"Really."

My dress had a fabric belt on sideseam loops. He pulled the bow loose and yanked the belt off. "Can you unbutton that thing and tell me the rest?"

"Is there some superstition about me entering your house with my clothes on?"

"I prefer you without them. And I like fresh air. Come on, I want to hear about your career." He wrapped the belt around his hand, which was muscular and square with a little hair on top.

I slipped my top button through the hole. "You want me to undress or tell you about the agent?"

"Yes to both. Tell me how it went."

I slipped the next button through, exposing the space between my br**sts. "I almost screwed up the entire thing. I wasn't in the right frame of mind for the first song."

"My fault?"

"No. Actually..." I didn't want to bring up his sisters or my ex-boyfriend. Not with me getting down to my belly, and him watching the buttons' progress. "The agent wanted to go out tonight and talk about things." I finished the last button and stood in front of him.

"You could have gone." He stepped out of the doorway, reaching for the split in the dress. When he touched my throat, I lifted my chin. "We didn't have definite plans."

"He wants to ditch Gabby. I can see it. I'm not ready to tell her, and if we went out with him, she'd know."

He ran his hand down my body, only touching what the open dress revealed. "You think you can protect her from getting ditched?" He slipped his hand into the front of my panties. He stopped before he hit my growing wetness, but the electricity of his touch under my clothes made me gasp.

"Probably not for long." I stepped toward him. He pulled the dress off me. I unhooked my bra and let it drop to the floor.

Again, I stood almost naked before him. He unwrapped my belt from his hand, put it around my neck, and used it to pull me toward him. Our tongues and lips met. He let go of the belt, leaving it draped over my shoulders, and moved his hands under my panties, onto my bare ass. He grabbed it, pulling me to him, grinding me against his erection. I slipped my hands down his shirt, and he pinned them behind my back.

"I have a call with Seoul in seven minutes," he whispered in my ear.

"You couldn't make yourself come in seven minutes."

"That a challenge?"

"You tell me."

We kissed again, and he let my wrists go to hitch my legs up around his waist. He pushed me against the doorjamb, moving our hips together in a rhythm.

"Actually," he said, "I don't think I can get you upstairs in seven minutes."

"Don't sell yourself short."

He smiled, his face close to mine, where I could see every crease in his skin, every freckle, every thorn of stubble. His scent was everywhere around me. I wanted to fall into him. As if hearing my thoughts, he pulled away from the doorway, carrying me with my legs still around his waist. He shut the door behind us as he carried me to the stairs, kissing me. I wound my fingers in his hair. He bumped into a chair, then a bannister. We fell onto the soft wool carpet of the stairs, him on top of my nearly naked body, our hands everywhere, our hips joined in a fabric-sheathed tease.

His phone rang.

"Oh, no," I said.

"There wasn't going to be a good time."

"Don't answer it."

He looked right at me as he slipped the phone out of his pocket, smiling as if he knew he was tormenting me and felt nothing but sweet delight. He answered the thing, right there on the stairs, after putting his finger to his lips.

He said something I'd never be able to repeat, his Korean was so fast. His face hovered so close to mine I tasted his breath as he had a conversation I couldn't understand. The corners of the stairs bit my back, and the pressure of his hips on mine hurt, sending shocks of pleasure up my spine.

He put the phone to his chest and lifted himself off me. "I'm on hold. Get upstairs."

We ran up the stairs and into the room we'd been in two weeks before, laughing like teenagers. He landed on top of me on the bed, still fully clothed against my naked skin. He kissed me with his phone to his ear, putting his free hand on my breast, groaning into my mouth when I ran my hands under his shirt.

"Hey, Tom," he said into the phone. He put his finger to my lips and got off me, leaving me spread out like a bear-skin rug. I sat up.

"Yes," he said, his eyes on me. "I heard. Janice told me half an hour ago." I considered getting up and making myself a sandwich or something. I closed my legs. Who knew how long he would be? From his tone, it sounded urgent, but that could mean an hour or five minutes. If I left, I could still catch the guys for a drink, and I could glaze over the thing with Testarossa if Gabby was tipsy enough.

Jonathan put his hand on my shoulder and pushed me back down. He grinned and spoke into the phone. "They're insane. The Seoul Hilton is two miles away. If the North Koreans want a target, they already have one." He put his knee between my legs and parted them. I gasped, and he put his finger to his lips. Part of me thought he was being rude, disrespectful, and deserving of a desertion, but part of me found the third person in the room exciting, yet safe.

I reached for his belt, and he let me feel his erection through his clothes, but no more. "I am not taking five stories off it," he said. "I'm taking exactly zero stories off it. This whole Pyongyang alarm is a scam. Tandy Burton from the Hilton paid them off to give me a hard time." He tucked the phone between his shoulder and ear and used both hands to spread my legs wider, bending them at the knees. He nodded at something Tom said. Tom couldn't see us, but he was there. Jonathan lay beside me and slipped his fingers under the crotch of my underpants, sliding his finger along the length of my wetness. I bit my lip so the man in Korea wouldn't hear me.

"No, don't do that." He ran his thumb along my clit. "You'll have to back it up, and I can't." I gasped. I'd entered the room on fire, and his touch was charged with electricity, just hard enough on my bump before he put two fingers inside me. I was wet and ready, and after the past weeks of longing, and an afternoon with my legs spread over the arms of a chair, I was already close to coming. He would give me my orgasm. He had to. We had all night. Except for Tom, who could be a real wrench in my works.

"What you need to do," he said, eyes on me, fingers inside me, thumb rubbing my clit under the fabric, skin to wet skin, "is get a council of Koreans. Natives. Have them work up numbers, odds, and projections. See what they come up with on a North Korean attack."

His thumb circled me. I wanted to moan but couldn't, or I'd be heard. I just spread my legs wider, hitching my hips forward and into his fingers. Tom babbled. It sounded like gobbledygook. Jonathan said, "yes, yes," periodically as he spoke to Tom, but he looked at my face as he fingered me. With his phone tucked at his shoulder, he grabbed my nipple with his other hand and turned it absently as if he was fiddling with a pen on his desk, except the "pen" was connected to my sexual center.

My back arched. My breathing got short. I mouthed to him, Let me come.

He tilted his head as if he didn't understand me.

I mouthed again, Please let me come.

He took his hand off my nipple and put it behind his ear, mouthing, I can't hear you.

"No," he said into the phone, "we're paying them. Tom, listen. The hotel is not a target, okay? Seoul is a major city. Everything's a target." He rolled his eyes as if Tom was just some annoying employee, and he and I were watching TV on the couch. Oh, funny guy.

His fingers left my hole and ran up to my clit and back. Once, then twice. I mouthed, Please let me come please let me come....

He made the I can't hear you sign, and I got the game, but I was about to explode into his hand hours after I'd given him control of my orgasms. I couldn't show so much weakness so early.

I rolled off the bed, letting his hand slip out of me, and ran out of the room.

I stood in the hall, back against the wall, and tried not to make a sound, but I started laughing. I couldn't help it. I crouched, balled my fists up in front of my mouth, and just laughed.

I saw Jonathan in the doorway, phone to his ear, fist in the same position in front of his mouth as he tried not to crack up in the middle of a business call.

"Okay." He cleared his throat. "Tom, I have to go." The last word came out in the squeak. Tom, however, wouldn't shut up. "I get it," Jonathan said.

I got myself together, but I knew I could burst into audible laughter any second. I went back into the bedroom and hooked my hand in his waistband before I kneeled in front of him.

"Okay, that's fine," he said. "Just let me know if you hear anything else." I unbuckled his belt and got his dick out of his pants. He leaned back against the wall. "Yes, and keep your ear to the ground on the other thing."

I gave him a taste of his own medicine, licking the underside of his dick with the flat of my tongue from base to tip, then throating him.

"It's an expression, Tom. It means listen hard." He put his fingers in my hair and pulled my head into him. "Yes, okay. Really, it's late here. Let me know tomorrow." He hung up and threw the phone on the chair. "You," he said, looking down at me, "are very naughty."

I couldn't respond. I had a dick in my mouth. When I pulled back, leaving it slick with my spit, he bent down and caught me under the arms. I laughed as he threw me on the bed, and I tried to get away until he crawled over me.

"No, you don't." He grabbed my arms. We laughed together as I tried to wiggle away, but he flipped me over onto my stomach and pinned my wrists behind my back.

"You shoulda let me come while the coming was good," I said.

"Oh, you're going to come." He slapped my ass, and the sting made me catch my breath.

"You didn't just ..." I said, knowing he did and wanting him to do it again.

He did. One hand held my wrists behind my back and the other thwacked my ass as if I was a wicked, naughty child. I made some noise, like a breathy cry, that might have sounded something like "yes."

I felt him bend down and whisper, "Have you ever been tied up, Monica?"

"No."

"Why not?"

"Never came up."

I waited for him to ask, maybe a formal request for permission, but he just bent backward while holding my wrists. I felt the pressure on the bed change, and I knew he wasn't asking for permission or anything else.

He let go of my wrists and laid his body over mine, slipping his forearms under my face. I saw him holding the belt of my dress. It had fallen on the floor at some point, and he was making sure I saw it.

He kissed the back of my neck as he said, "I understand words like no and stop. Outside of those, your body is my playground."

"Yes, sir."

"You're like a prodigy at this."

Before I could answer, he pulled me up to my knees. I felt him behind me, still clothed, as he stroked me from my neck to my crotch and back up again. He ran his hands from my shoulders down my arms and placed my hands on the wooden headboard. The railings and runner across the top were roughhewn. He looped the belt around my wrists, binding them together, then around the railing. It was a good knot, firm and tight.

I wasn't frightened. Nervous. I was nervous in the best way possible as he got off the bed and stood there in his jeans and sweatshirt, staring at me. Me, on my knees with my wrists tied to his headboard, hair in my face, ass out; him with his arms folded, checking out his work.

"Well?" I said.

He smirked a dangerous smirk. I felt the tingle of liquid dripping down my leg.

He pulled his shirt off, and when his face was covered and I only saw his body, another shiver went through me. His tight torso, with its patches of light hair, was a feast for the eyes, and when he got his shirt over his head, messing up his hair, he smiled as if he knew I was admiring him.

He took his time getting the rest of his clothes off. The condom went on, and he put his knee on the bed, tilting the mattress, and put his arms around my waist. One hand landed on my breast and the other between my legs. He found where I was wettest and rubbed gently, then harder. I rotated my hips, my tethered hands a fulcrum I rocked against, his dick waiting against my ass.

"Jonathan." My voice was husky. Breaths without a voice. I didn't know what I was trying to say. Just his name, as if that would tell him what I wanted. As if that would connect us to my pleasure. As if him binding my hands wasn't enough for me to feel possessed, owned, protected.

He stopped rubbing my clit, pulled my ass up, and put the head of his c**k at my pu**y. I felt as if it would be sucked inside me by the sheer force of my desire. But no, he let it hover there, just touching the skin. I pushed back, but my tied hands held me. He kept himself just out of my body's reach.

"Go," I said with a squeak of desperation.

I thought I'd have to beg him to f**k me, but I didn't. He slid in easy and sweet, pulling my ass up. The slow slide was good, the wet inches rubbing inside me and pushing against my hole. He moved so my wrists felts trapped and burned, the feeling of being held still almost stronger than the feeling of his stomach hitting my ass. He was doing everything right. He was f**king the hell out of me. But something was missing. He was holding back.

"Jonathan," I said.

"Monica."

"Hurt me."

"What?"

"Do it so it hurts. Break me apart. Make it hurt so I scream. I want everything. All of it."

He paused and slid his hands down my back. "Say it again."

"Hurt me, Jonathan. Hurt me. Please."

After a long exhale that sounded like a decision being made, he started moving faster, but that wasn't the half of it. He gripped my ass, a hand in each cheek, and spread me apart until I thought he'd rip me. When he pummeled me then, he was in my pu**y so deep I felt the head of his c**k hitting the end of me. But he didn't ease up. His fingers dug into my skin. My ass became dough in his hands. My wrists kept me steady against him. I wanted to scream, but I couldn't, or he'd stop. I didn't want him to stop because the pain was exquisite, focusing me on his pleasure as it peaked my own.

He took a hand off one cheek and grabbed my hair. I moaned so loud it came out as a bark. He pulled my ass up again, his fingers digging into my skin, as he f**ked the shit out of me. I was damp all over from sweat and juice.

"Say my name," he gasped.

"Jonathan."

"Again."

"Jonathan, Jonathan, oh God, Jonathan."

He came as if he'd hurled himself off a cliff, with a long grunt and a longer groan. He pumped at me from behind, still groaning, going on forever. Nothing had ever given me more satisfaction than hearing him come so hard.

He stopped and fell on top of me, his chest to my back, his dick falling away from me. We breathed together for a minute, our bodies still in tune.

"Are you okay?" he asked, brushing the hair away from my face.

"Never better."

"Give me a minute. You'll be even better."

He kissed my neck, then between my shoulder blades, down my back, then to my ass cheeks, which hurt. I groaned and arched my back.

"Stay still," he said. I dropped down. "Very still."

"Okay."

The skin of my slit was sore and bruised from his fingers. The sting felt wonderful as he licked the insides of my thighs, then my soaking pu**y, which throbbed with the hurt and pleasure of him. His tongue went up and down my snatch, landing on my clit, teasing the tip with tiny, imperceptible motions. Then he drew his lips around it and kissed, ending in a light sucking.

"Oh, Jonathan..."

"Don't move."

"Please let me come when I'm ready. Please don't make me wait more."

"Only if you stay still. Move, and I take you out for coffee."

"Yes."

He spread me apart, which hurt until he slipped his tongue inside me, then drew it out, along the slit, which was so sore, and over my clit, slowly. Then back, into my hole and down until he sucked on my clit one last time. I went rigid, crying out with everything I had. My back wanted to arch, but I couldn't let it. My hips wanted to thrust, but my mind overrode the impulse. I became a vessel for my pu**y and my clenching ass and the pressure on my wrists. My body's stillness drew out my orgasm, because I couldn't surrender to it until the final moment when I lost all sense to his touch and tongue, screaming his name at the top of my lungs. He sucked gently on my clit until I was a shuddering mess, way past the point of agony.

CHAPTER 8

Kevin had been the f**k of my life. That didn't mean much as he'd been one of two. Darren had been serviceable, but we were young and inexperienced and in love, so we had no idea how boring it was.

Kevin had seemed like a white hot ball of fire. He was all hands and lips. He masturbated in front of me, and I tried not to giggle because I thought hot people would be very serious. He told me I was pent up and repressed in a way that made me want to get unrepressed, but I didn't know how. I tried to get wilder by wearing lingerie and groaning louder. I sucked his dick more. I danced for him. All that seemed wonderful at the time, like really being grown up and sexual. But he didn't know how to take my repression, wring it out, and throw it out the window. He didn't know how to f**k it out of me or quietly tell me to get undressed in the night air while he watched in such a way that wouldn't make me laugh. I couldn't have given Kevin my orgasms, because he didn't want them. I could never have asked him to hurt me, because he would have.

I watched the sun come up through Jonathan's window, felt his breath on my neck, and thought don't fall in love don't fall in love don't fall in love. I didn't look at him while he slept. I didn't stroke the top of his hand where it rested on my belly. I didn't think about him. Nothing. Not his scent or the sound of his voice. Not his sharp wit or his easy smile. My job there was to enjoy him, and sense sooner rather than later when it was time to move on. That was the only way I would get out intact.

I heard steps in the hall, and some loose, non-English muttering between a man and woman, which alarmed me. But then I heard a broom on the hardwood. The staff. They probably lived in a house out back and were like furniture to him.

My bag was on the floor. The second and last time we'd f**ked, I went downstairs for it because he ran out of condoms. I'd rooted in the pockets and found a little latex sack a month from its expiration date.

I had to grab that, and my clothes, which were probably still on the porch. That would be tricky. It was broad daylight, and I couldn't leave the room naked with the cleaning staff around. Or maybe I could. Who knew how people with money lived?

I closed my eyes and tried to sleep again, but Jonathan's phone buzzed. When I looked at him, his eyes were open.

"You gonna get that?" I asked.

"No."

"Your cleaning staff's been knocking around."

The phone stopped buzzing. Jonathan stretched as if two hours of sleep had left him refreshed. "I have to go get your clothes. You don't want to flash Maria, or she'll start sprinkling holy water all over the place. Makes a mess."

He kissed me and swung his legs over the side of the bed. I sat up, aching everywhere. I was so sore I could barely sit straight. Jonathan looked down at something and didn't move.

"What?" I said.

"I don't want you to think I'm prying or that I was looking in your things."

"Okay, I won't think that."

He picked my bag up off the floor. It was open, and Kevin's flyer for the Solar Eclipse show stuck out. I showed him the name list. I knew the only name he would see was Jessica's, so I pointed out Kevin's.

"Kevin Wainwright," he said. "The guy with the dick."

"He came to Frontage last night."

"And invited you to a show for tonight? Late notice, don't you think?"

I shrugged. "It's Kevin. He thinks courtesy is for non-creatives."

"Like me."

"You're plenty creative." I slapped his arm with the brochure. "With your body."

"You going?" he asked.

"I don't know. You?"

He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. "I have to. It's unbecoming if I don't. The divorce looks anything but amicable, and people are watching."

"What kind of people?"

"She got custody of most of our friends. I do business with some of them. Others have just been in the same circles too long."

"Which sister you taking?"

"Deirdre, I think. Are you going to pretend you don't know me?" His phone buzzed again.

I slid off the bed. "We'll see if I even go."

I went into the bathroom, a huge white room with a separate shower and tub. Every corner was clean, as if little gremlins lived under the sink and scrubbed the place while he flattened women on the bed.

I had no idea if I was going to L.A. Mod. It was a black tie thing, and I didn't have anything to wear. And there was the Kevin issue. Jonathan would be there with Deirdre, who had given me dagger eyes just the night before. If I were being honest with myself, I would admit I was just making excuses. I didn't want to be in Jonathan and Kevin's line of sight at the same time. I couldn't stand any unmanageable drama just as my career was rousing itself.

I heard Jonathan through the door, mumbling. Not a business call. Then it went quiet. I peeked into the bedroom. He was gone, but my dress was laid out on the chair. I put it on and fished my underwear and shoes out from under the bed.

I went downstairs. Though I'd been to Jonathan's before, I hadn't paid attention to what he had on the walls.

One couldn't go through music school without an immersion in all the arts, and Kevin had continued my education with his passion for all things visual. So once I was fully clothed and paying attention, I recognized a Kandinsky in Jonathan's living room. I saw the Holbein over the mantle and the Mondrian studies in geometry in the corner. I didn't linger though, because I heard him in the kitchen. I didn't want him to think I was prying.

I followed his voice to the kitchen, realizing he wasn't speaking English, Spanish, or Korean. A middle-aged, dark-skinned woman with Asian features and wearing a cleaning smock smiled at me.

"Do you drink coffee?" Jonathan asked when I walked in.

"Not really." I leaned on the counter. "I like it with milk, and dairy's not good for my voice. So, let me guess. The lady you're talking to is Philippino?"

"Good call."

"I do live in Los Angeles." I smirked. "You speak, what is it called?"

"It's called Tagalog, and yes-"

"You live in Los Angeles."

He smiled. "Ally Mira washed your dress."

"That was very kind."

"She is. So, seriously, are you going to this thing tonight?"

"Kevin dragged me to a thousand art shows when we were together, and I'm just not into another one."

"That was Teresa on the phone," he said. "She says you met Deirdre last night?"

"Briefly. Very tall. Big curly red hair."

"She got alcohol poisoning."

"That's terrible."

"That's Deirdre. Theresa was watching her, and she didn't know Deirdre had a flask. So Theresa's counting drinks and Deirdre's off to the bathroom twelve times. Do the math on that." He came toward me. "They have her on a B vitamin IV drip, and she's already cursing the nurses." He put his thumb on my cheek, and I raised my face to kiss him. "You sure you're not going?" he said. "I can give you a lift."

"That would be like us going together."

"Would that make you uncomfortable?"

"No." I put my hands on his chest to caress him through his T-shirt. "I think it might make you uncomfortable."

He wrapped his arms around my waist. "Tell me more about me."

"You take your sisters out, and you meet your women in private. You said you and your wife, sorry, ex-wife, still hang around the same circles. You don't want her to see you with an actual woman. And don't make a crack about your sisters being women."

He looked up for a second, and I got a full view of the muscles and veins in his neck. I was right, or at least close.

"I can go alone," he said, looking at me. "I'm a big boy. But I don't want to. So if you're going, this non-creative wants to go with you, courtesy be damned."

The offer was compelling. I hadn't planned on going because I didn't want to stand in a corner and watch Kevin work the room. I didn't want to make small talk with his friends, and I didn't want to get the death-eye from whatever little hipster groupie was chasing him. Jonathan would be a nice buffer.

"Fine," I said. "I'll let your handsome ass drag me to a black tie thing at L.A. Mod. But you'll owe me."

"What exactly will I owe you?"

"You pick." I stepped away. The call Gabby and I had to make had started worrying the back of my mind. "Whatever it's worth to you. If it makes me scream and yell your name, even better." I kissed him quickly. "I have to go."

I walked toward the doorway, but I didn't get past it before I heard him say, "What are you wearing?"

I stopped and turned. "Why?"

"Because you're a beautiful woman, and what you wear is important."

"If I'm going to embarrass you, I can just stay home."

He stepped forward and grabbed me around the waist. "Jessica makes art because she has so much money she's bored and because she has the sharpest eye I've ever known. If she's going to see me with you, she's not going to see you wearing Target."

I looked him in the eyes. "Really, Jonathan? You never seemed like the catty type."

"I also want to see you in something better. I'm sorry. Come on. Go to Barney's and talk to Lorraine. She'll fix you up and bill me."

"Now I'm the one who's really uncomfortable."

"Please? Just go. And if you spend less than three thousand dollars, I'm spanking you and sending you back to Wilshire Boulevard."

"I'll come in just under three large then. And not because I have any intention of returning to that side of Wilshire."

CHAPTER 9

I stood under the shower head with my hands on the wall, letting the water scald my back. My head drooped, and my hair fell in front of me. I couldn't move without aching, and when I opened my eyes, I saw the insides of my thighs through the steam.

At first I'd thought they were dirty. When I touched them and felt a sharp pain, I knew they weren't dirty. They were bruised.

I got out of the shower and looked in the mirror. My ass, the area just below it, and between my legs were black and blue. It hurt to move. My pu**y was so sore, it had hurt to clean myself. I heard a soft tap at the door, and Gabby asked, "Mon? Is that you?"

"Yeah. You need to pee?"

"Yeah." She started to open the door. Gabby and I saw each other naked and stood in the same room to pee all the time, but I couldn't let her see me that way. I looked as if a shark had tried to bite me in half. I grabbed the door handle and pulled it closed. "Are you okay?" she asked.

"I'm fine, I just...." I had no excuse. "Give me a minute."

I wiggled into a tee and jeans I pulled from the hamper, cringing from torn muscle and broken blood vessels. I snapped the door open. Judging from her clean clothes and brushed hair, she'd been up a while.

"Where did you go last night?" she asked.

"I saw Jonathan." I brushed my wet hair while she peed.

"Oh, really. Well? How was it?"

"He knows how to f**k, that's for sure."

"Better than Kevin?"

"It's the difference between a man and a boy." I slid my toothbrush out of the cup and got to the point. "I figure we should call WDE at about ten-thirty. Those guys don't get in until ten, and I want to give him a chance to get his jacket off and bang his secretary, but I want to catch him before he goes into a meeting."

"I'm nervous. Are you nervous?"

"Yeah. Actually, I am." I lathered up my toothbrush, and Gabby leaned toward the mirror, picking some nonexistent crud from the corner of her eye. "But you know how it is," I continued. "You get all nervous for a call, and you make it and they're not available. Then they call you back when you're going eighty on the 101."

"Since when can you go eighty on the 101? Give me a break." She held up a tube of aloe moisturizer I got from the farmer's market. "Can I try this?"

"Go ahead," I said, brushing my teeth. After I spit, I said, "I want to be clear we come as a set. You and me. Okay?"

"Why?" She seemed unfazed by my suggestion.

"Suppose he can't get a keyboardist for some band, and then you're off touring, and what am I supposed to do?" I pulled my hair into strands so I could braid it.

"We should give ourselves a name." Gabby pushed me onto the toilet. I winced, but she wasn't looking. God, sitting was going to be torture today, and maybe tomorrow.

Gabby had braid mojo. Our first year of Colburn, we made ninety percent of our friends because she could braid like a magician. She picked up the strands I'd started. I turned my head so she wouldn't see me grimace at the pain in my behind.

"I really liked Spoken Not Stirred," I said. "But Vinny reps them."

"That wasn't the last cool name we have in us," Gabby said.

"I guess it depends on what he wants out of us. Am I recording my own stuff? But how could he want that? He doesn't even know if I can write a freaking song." I gestured with my hands and saw the bruising around my wrists. Fuck. I slipped them between my legs, wishing I'd worn long sleeves.

"You can, Mon. Your songs are amazing."

I let her ministrations tickle my scalp. "What I'm saying is, if it's my stuff, then that's one name, but we'd need a whole band. If it's just you and me, that's a totally different sound. Which is fine, but even then, are we writing new material? Or are we doing Irving Berlin?"

"He might not even know what he wants." She concentrated on the strands, looping one around the other, tugging and pulling, straightening and separating the lengths with a black comb.

"He knows," I said. "Those sharks don't start swimming around unless they've smelled blood. Some label is looking for a specific something he thinks we can do. Otherwise he wouldn't have come out. Trust me."

She pulled my hair off my neck. "Whoa, Monica."

"What?"

"Hickey City back here."

I stood and looked in the mirror. Gabby held up a handheld mirror so I could see the trail of bruises at the back of my neck.

"Fuck," I said. "Can you braid it to cover it?" I sat on the toilet again and Gabby undid her work. My ass, my wrists, and now my back. If it hadn't felt so good, it would have been assault.

"Sure, but what's the diff?" Gabby asked. "It's a phone call."

"I'm going to the Eclipse opening at L.A. Mod tonight."

"Fancy. Did Jonathan invite you?" Gabby moved my hair around in a way that soothed me, and I wanted to purr like a kitten.

"No, Kevin did. But Jonathan is taking me."

"Kevin?"

"This is such a long story."

"Are you wearing your little black mini with the bow on the shoulder?"

God, no. Even in my mind, that thing looked cheap and worn. Jonathan had been right, despite my hurt feelings. I had a closet full of black and nothing nice to wear to a black tie function.

"How about this? It's almost nine. You go take your meds. Come back in here and braid while I tell you everything about last night without the dirty parts. Then, at ten-thirty, we make a call on the speakerphone in the kitchen."

"Deal."

CHAPTER 10

Barney's New York was on the best part of Wilshire, close to Rodeo Drive and near all the big agencies. WDE was half a block away, in its own slick black phallus of a building.

Jonathan had given my name to an apparently very difficult-to-get personal shopper. She called me, and we made an appointment.

A valet drove my shitty Honda behind a Bugatti and a Jaguar and treated me like a princess when, as Lorraine instructed, I asked for the elevator that went to the fifth floor. I was handed off to a guy in a burgundy jacket who led me right down the hall, then right again, and pressed the button for me as if I was too good to lift my arm.

The elevator doors opened into a room rich in wildflowers and tapestries. The white leather couches were empty, but the antique desk was manned by a woman about my age with smooth skin and a ready smile.

"Good afternoon, Miss Faulkner," she said.

"Monica's fine."

"My name's Shonda. Lorraine will be right with you. Would you like some coffee? Or we have herbal tea?"

"If you have a green or a white tea, hot and plain? I'd love that."

"Great." Shonda seemed genuinely pleased to get me tea. She didn't have the same face I wore when I wanted to seem genuinely pleased to get someone their drinks, but I really wasn't. Or maybe that was exactly what I looked like.

I didn't sit but stood at the window, staring at the WDE building. Our call with Eugene Testarossa had been as quick as a hot f**k. Our meeting was in four days at twelve-thirty. High lunch. Location TBA. That meant we were important to him. He wanted to be seen with us. One day, I'd walk into that big black building from the parking lot and take the elevator up as if I belonged there. I'd be a moneymaker, a golden ticket, their canary.

"Ms. Faulkner?"

I turned to see Lorraine, a sixty-ish woman a few inches shorter than me with pixie cut white hair and not a stitch more makeup than was appropriate.

"Hi," I said.

"So nice to meet you." She held her hand out, and I shook it.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I want to be honest. I don't know exactly how to do this. I mean, usually, I'd just go shopping, so, if you could kinda guide me through?"

"Of course," she said, folding her hands in front of her. "You're looking for something for the Eclipse show?"

"Yes."

"Follow me." She smiled slyly and winked at me. "This will be fun. I promise."

We walked into a room with mirrors and a white carpet. My tea waited for me on a little marble table. Lorraine closed the door behind us.

"I set up some possibilities for you," said Lorraine, pointing to a rack of garments on hangers. Four mannequins wore other dresses. All of the clothes were black eveningwear. "You probably won't need any alterations. I pulled from size six per Mister Drazen's recommendation."

"He knew my size?"

"He said you were perfect. I had to draw conclusions from there."

I didn't want to know how many women he'd sent up to Lorraine. It wasn't a productive line of thought, and I had a bunch of clothes to look through. I usually loved shopping, but that was nerve-wracking. I felt like a Dodger's fan at Wrigley Field.

"If you sit," Lorraine said, indicating a chair, "I'll show you what I have."

I sat slowly when her back was turned. I didn't want her to see the pain in my face. She pulled things from the rack, one at a time, and laid them out. I rejected most as too dowdy or too slutty, which made her laugh. I didn't know exactly what I wanted, which didn't help. As she got to the last frock on the rack, and I knew from the length it wouldn't work, I imagined myself walking into the L.A. Mod. Who would I see? How did I want to present myself? I'd be with Jonathan, but who would see me besides him?

She didn't seem impatient or put out at all when I rejected the last thing and said, "I think I decided something."

"Oh, good."

"I want to look like an artist."

She looked at me for a second, hands folded in front of her again, and winked when she said, "I know just the thing."

She left and came back in a second flat. The dress was black, naturally, and soft to the touch, yet stiff enough to hold a shape. The skirt hit at the knee, with a raw edge and strips of fabric dropping from below the hem, like a deconstructed fringe. The bodice was plain, but the shoulder straps crisscrossed each other along the back and front, making an asymmetrical web of lines across the shoulders.

"It's gorgeous."

"Try it on."

I went into the dressing room. The dress felt like magic on my skin. The difference between a Target dress and a designer dress brought to me by a personal shopper wasn't the way it made me look, though I looked like the best version of myself. It was the way I felt inside it. I felt like a queen.

Until I got out of the dressing room, turned around, and saw the bruises on the back of my neck.

"Crap." My face went hot red.

Lorraine waved the concern away. "We have something for that down at the makeup counter. I'll get it for you. Don't you worry. I've seen much worse. And I've seen wealthy brats who wanted something that showed those marks off." She shook her head. I smiled at her. She made me feel comfortable, which I guessed was her job, but it was a gift. If she wasn't there, I'd be very, very ashamed.

"I love this dress," I said.

"You look lovely," she said. "Do you have shoes?"

I hadn't even thought of that. "I guess not."

"And something nice to wear underneath?"

"Oh, I don't need anything like that."

Lorraine looked at me in the mirror. "It's not about what you need, dear. And it's not for you."

"I guess I should spend a little something on him then?"

"Exactly."

CHAPTER 11

After shopping the fifth floor at Barney's, my room looked messy and dim. My mirror made my body squiggle. The walls were cracked, and the floor was scratched down to the raw wood. Even through that, the dress was perfect on me. The bracelets I'd bought to cover my bruised wrists clinked and clanked when I spun hard enough to make the skirt wave. I'd tried to protest that the red soles of the shoes didn't go with the black dress, but Lorraine insisted they were fine, and since she'd rejected so many things on my behalf before that, I felt pretty sure she wouldn't bullshit me.

The bill came, and though I wasn't responsible for paying it, I had to sign off on what I was taking out of the store. Lorraine had slid it across Shonda's little desk with a smile. I checked the items and then the price. It came to two thousand, nine hundred, ninety-nine dollars.

"I know I spent more than this," I'd said. "I saw the price on the shoes."

"Well, you caught me," she'd said. "You're not supposed to see the price tags. So if you don't tell anyone you saw it..." She paused and smiled to let me know it really wasn't that big a deal. "I'll tell you. Mister Drazen asked that the bill say this number no matter what. He said you'd get the joke."

"I get it all right." I'd signed, trying not to smile too wide. But as I looked at myself in my bedroom mirror, I smiled again.

Gabby had done my hair to cover the bite marks, tsking the whole time and making me giggle. I'd told her what I could about the night before, leaving out the parts that made my thighs black and blue. She did a church lady voice that made me laugh so hard I thought I would break a rib. We were in the bathroom playing with my makeup bag when the doorbell rang.

"God," I said, "this is ridiculous. I feel like I'm going to prom."

"You didn't go to prom." Gabby ran some hand cream over her fingers. "You and Darren stayed in the limo making out."

"And you and Bennet Provist? In Elysian Park?" I popped tubes and pencils into my little makeup bag.

"Yeah. Excellent prom."

"Mon!" Darren shouted from the living room. "You have a gentleman caller!" Oh God, was Darren going to embarrass me? I ran out to do damage control.

Jonathan was by the doorway, looking too big for the space, wearing a tuxedo cut for him and no one else. He and Darren were smiling.

"Yes, sir," said Jonathan, "the dance is chaperoned."

"I want her home by eleven."

I stepped into the living room before the joke got old, and Jonathan saw me in my new black dress. He liked it. He pressed his lips together to suppress a smile that would have mortified me in front of Darren and Gabby.

"You clean up nice," I said.

"Obviously you were intending to clean up in that old thing as well."

I snapped my bag shut. "Good thing the Salvation Army was open late."

He held out his hand, and we laced our fingers together.

"You met Darren, I guess?"

"Yes. He mentioned his shotgun."

"This is Gabby."

"Nice to meet you," Jonathan said.

"Hi."

"Okay, great," I said. "Let's go." I pulled him out the door. I saw Lil standing outside the Bentley, which looked damn near vertical parked on my hill.

Darren stood in the door and wagged his finger. "Remember what we talked about. Not a minute later, young man."

Jonathan walked backward a step and waved to Darren. "Eleven tomorrow morning, yes, sir."

"Hi, Lil," I said. "How did you enjoy my hill?"

"Quite a ride," she said. "I want to try it in the Jag."

"Be careful."

"I was born careful, miss." She opened the door for us. I slid in, and Jonathan got in right after and sat facing me. Behind him, the partition between us and Lil was shut. We sat quietly for ten seconds. My eyes must have eaten him alive as much as his undressed me. By the time the car started rolling, we were on each other, lips searching, tongues twisting, hands testing how far they could get before we risked wrinkles and stains.

He put his hands up my skirt, and when he felt the garter, he whispered oh into my ear. But I cringed because he'd gone up high enough to touch the bruises. He pulled back and said, "Let me see."

I pulled the skirt to the top of the stockings.

"Monica, are you shy all of a sudden?"

"Don't freak out."

"I guarantee you I'll freak out." His tone told me he didn't mean "freak out" in the same way I did.

I pulled the skirt up to reveal the black silk garters, and though the fronts of my legs were fine, he could definitely see the damaged insides.

"I did this?"

"We did it. I shouldn't have worn garters, but they were so pretty."

"Turn around."

I turned to face the back window, my knees on the seat cushion, my hands on the back of the seat, steadying me. He touched me when he pulled my skirt up, his fingers barely grazing my skin. He didn't hurt me, but the anticipation of pain made me flinch anyway. He kissed where I hurt, lips soft and yielding. "I'm sorry," he said as he kissed the backs of my thighs.

"Don't be. It was worth it." He pulled my dress down and gently guided me back to sitting. I took his hands. "I just got a little bruised, but I was never scared."

"I feel terrible." His elbows rested on his knees, a posture I remembered from the morning I saw him talking to his ex-wife on the back patio. His eyes searched mine, looking for any hidden anger.

"Okay, stop it. Really. I've never had sex like that in my life. The bruises will heal. My brain chemistry is what's totally f**ked."

"That's a high compliment. I should say thank you first."

"You're welcome."

He held his hands over my thighs. "I'm afraid to touch them."

"Do it."

"I'm going to San Francisco for a few days. By the time I get back, these should be healed enough I won't have to worry about hurting you."

"I remember asking for it."

"God," he whispered, "so do I."

He put his hands on my neck and kissed me all the way to the museum.

CHAPTER 12

We walked hand in hand to the L.A. Mod from the parking lot, taking an extra turn around the block. His dry palm against mine, the tracks of his thumb drawing circles on the base of my wrist, and the sound of his voice seemed to have a direct line to the heat in my crotch, which pulsed to its own beat after the make out session in the car.

The museum had been built on one of the busiest streets in the city, set back to leave room for a granite courtyard flanked by steps on either side that led to a patio a flight up. The gathering began in the courtyard. Jonathan introduced me to thirty people, none of whom stuck in my mind. Gabby would have had a field day drawing connections between everyone, but all I saw were the expensive dresses and cufflinks. I saw why Jonathan had insisted I go to Barney's. I would have stuck out like a sore thumb in my cotton shirtdress.

"When you sent me to Barney's, you were saving me from embarrassment," I whispered after another introduction. I held Jonathan's hand, leaning into him as if he was a string bass.

"I just wanted you to fit in."

I squeezed his hand and looked over the crowd, my eyes scanning the staircases.

"Why are you nervous?" he asked. "I'll introduce you to anyone you want."

"I'm not nervous."

"Yes, you are."

"Kevin." I looked right at Jonathan when I said it. I was a little ashamed to have my eyes peeled for my ex-boyfriend while I was with my current lover, but I had no illusions about my future with either man. "I'm looking out for Kevin. I'm sorry. I don't mean to be rude. I just suddenly want to avoid him."

"Monica, when you're with me, you don't need to be nervous about seeing Kevin or anyone else." He led me up the stone stairs.

"I'm not nervous."

"You better keep the truth on those lips."

I shook my head and looked away. I saw her at the top of the stairs: Jessica Carnes. She didn't photograph well. She looked gorgeous on film, but in person, she was exquisite. She wore a long white dress over her straight, slim figure and low heels on small feet. She saw us, or rather Jonathan, and excused herself from the couple she was speaking to.

Jonathan squeezed my hand. I looked in his direction and spoke close to him, keeping my lips as still as possible. "And this is who makes you nervous."

"I hate this," he said.

"We can lean on each other. Then you can take me home and bruise the rest of me."

"The things that come out of your mouth."

"They please you?"

"Yes." He looked at me and took one long blink before facing his ex-wife. "Jess, how are you? Congratulations!" His smile was so wide I thought his face would snap. It wasn't a happy smile. They kissed each other's cheeks, his hand on her bare shoulder.

"Thanks," she said. "I'm glad you could come." She made a quarter-turn so she faced me completely, her sky-blue eyes twinkling with icy delight. "We haven't met." She held her hand out.

Jonathan spoke before I could get out a word. "This is Monica."

I shook her hand, and to my surprise, it was warm. "It's nice to meet you," she said. "Very, very nice to see you here."

"Thank you," I said. As I tried to pull back my hand, Jessica put her left hand over our clasped hands for a second, then let go.

"Where's Erik?" Jonathan asked.

Her expression didn't change. Not a hair nor muscle moved. "He didn't come."

"Ah, too bad. Well, we're about to sign in. We'll see you in there?"

"Sure."

Another half turn and she was speaking to someone else. Jonathan put his arm around my shoulders and guided me away.

"Who's Erik?" I asked.

"The man she left me for."

I shook my head. "You people are too f**king mature for me."

He chuckled as if he had so much to say, but he didn't know how.

CHAPTER 13

The galleries were designed to change. The vast space was chopped up by permanent-looking temporary partitions that still left enough room for huge sculptures. The lighting was flat, warm, and consistent, flattering the people in it. The space was so big, I stopped looking for Kevin and looked at the work.

Lynn Francis was still doing huge, photorealistic canvases of branded stuffed animals. Star Klein put out a bucket of meat encased in Plexiglas. Borofsky was still counting from one to a billion in ball point pen. Elaine Slomoff knitted pullovers with the names of the war dead. Jessica Carnes exhibited three sculptures thirty feet high that could only be accommodated by removing pieces of the modular ceiling and making the sky visible above them. The bottoms were shaped like Popsicle sticks and the tops, which reached into the night sky, were living trees. She'd cut them to look like a bomb pop, a fudgesicle, and one of the double flavor jobbies that had two sticks you broke in half and shared with your sister if you had one.

"Any insight?" I asked Jonathan, standing next to him under the leafy fudgesicle.

"She glorifies nature against popular culture. It's what she does. She's cut the trunks, so these are designed to die, like everything."

I turned to face him, feeling ornery and out of my depth. "I think its bullshit on a stick."

"The ability to talk about modern art is the sign of an educated mind." His voice was smug, yet inviting. He wanted a comeback.

I faced him but stood to the side and laced my fingers in his, speaking quietly into his ear. "Jeff Koons's grandiosity, plus Damien Hirst's embellishment of the mundane, divided by Coosje van Bruggen's extremity of the unremarkable ... equals bullshit. The presence of the stick is unimpeachable."

We regarded each other for a second. "Suitably erudite," he said. "And you pronounced van Bruggen's name right. What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?" He stroked the inside of my forearm, leaving trails of tingling nerve endings in their wake. I wanted to kiss him, but I was a stranger there, and I had no idea who I'd upset.

"I can throw a guy out at second from home plate," I said. "Arm like a rifle, as long as the pitcher gets out of the way."

Our noses sat next to each other, and my lips felt the heat of his. I smelled his sagey cologne and fennel toothpaste.

"Monica?" I knew that voice. It had uttered my name in the dark of night, with moonlight coming through the window, and had screamed it in the bright light of day with heat coming off the asphalt. My name had been on those lips between laughs and tears and rage and humility.

I turned my face away from Jonathan's. "Kevin."

"I'm sorry, I, uh ... didn't mean to interrupt, but I didn't know if I'd catch you again tonight." He was in a brown suit for a black tie event, with a lavender tie and a blue striped shirt. It should have been a mess, but he looked gorgeous, like he was in the world of the reception but not of it. The scarf in his pocket was folded into a peeking triangle, and his pants fit him as though they'd been custom made. He'd apparently been shopping for the event as well, and unless he had a rich girlfriend, the business of being Kevin Wainwright had been brisk.

"Hi, Kevin. This is Jonathan."

Kevin held out his hand. "Drazen?"

"That's me."

Of course Kevin knew Jonathan, at least by name and face. He made it his business to know anyone who could afford original art.

Kevin turned back to me. "Did you see my piece yet?"

"No, where is it?" Of course he was worried about himself. Of course he thought nothing of interrupting an intimate moment to ask me if I'd seen his piece yet.

"No rush," he said. "It's around that corner. I just wanted to see you first. I want to say..." He glanced at Jonathan, then back at me. "I hope you like it. Excuse me." He fell back into the crowd.

"That was awkward," I said.

"Looks like we'd better go see if it's bullshit on a stick." Jonathan held his arm out, and we turned around the next corner.

"Kevin Wainwright puts his bullshit in a box."

Kevin was known for installations. Two dimensions could not contain him or his big stinking ideas. His first set up was in a ten by ten storefront he rented in the worst part of downtown. When his parents moved to a one-bedroom apartment in the center of Seattle, he got shipped a basement full of every toy, game, and fetish object from his childhood. But to him, it wasn't crap. To him, it was media. He spent a month in that storefront hanging, pinning, pasting, and strapping things to the walls; setting up tables for mise-en-scenes with army men and action figures; deconstructed board games and decks of cards, mixing up the pieces to make new things. I hadn't known him then. I shared his bed after he was already an agented comet streaking across the art-world's night sky. I had heard of his downtown storefront, which had been titled Arcade Idaho and had spawned a hundred imitators but not one other success story.

Kevin was a shrewd businessman as well. Installations left nothing for the artist to sell. His art wasn't a painting a rich person could put in their living room or a sculpture for their yard. He sold the preparatory sketches and worked closely with a little hipster bookbinding outfit on Santa Monica Boulevard to create limited edition booklets containing silver halide prints of the installation, along with his wordy, over-modified prose describing what it all meant.

I knew his exhibit would be crap. I knew it would be manufactured meaning, and exasperating, and it would remind me of all his drama. But when I turned the corner and saw the doorway to the installation, I got a little nervous. Metal signs hung outside. CAUTION. HARDHAT AREA. NO TRESPASSING. The signs were typical Kevin overstatement, but the sign at the top concerned me.

FAULKNER COAL MINE

"Isn't that your last name?" Jonathan asked.

"Yeah."

"You sure you want to go in?"

"No."

But I pressed forward anyway.

From just outside, I heard a canary singing, a lone bird at top volume. The doorway was little more than five feet high. I bent a little to get in, and Jonathan bent a lot.

The room was dark, with spotlights to point where he wanted you to look. At first, I hadn't adjusted to what I was seeing. He'd scribbled a lot of words, floor to ceiling, on two facing walls and the other two facing walls had eight and a half by eleven copy paper pinned to them. Piles of objects were on the floor with papers on music stands, which I couldn't read because people stood in front of them.

Then, like a gunshot, the canary turned into the honking of a disconnected number. Everyone flinched, and some people got angry at the intrusive noise. Except me. I knew what the noise was about. I knew what the canary was about, and I knew, for damn sure, what that installation was about.

The phone noise drove out the people standing in front of one pile of about nine small objects. A black chalk line had been drawn around them. A music stand stood in front. The stand had a piece of paper clipped to it, and engraved on the paper:

1 (one) 13.5 oz bottle Purell shampoo. 50% empty. Current value - $2.39

1 (one) 13.5 oz bottle Purell conditioner, dry hair formula. Unopened. Current value - $4.79

5 (five) Tampax brand tampons, regular. Current value - $1.34

1 (one) Recyclable toothbrush, soft bristles. Used. Current value - $0

1 (one) 16oz bottle Kiehl's Creme de Corps moisturizer. 75% empty. Current value - $12.50

I remembered a conversation over that tube. He'd questioned me about that and everything else, because he assumed I was too incompetent to manage my skin.

"How much do you spend on this stuff?" Kevin had asked, putting a blob of Kiehl's into his palm.

"This bottle will last me a year if you don't take that much."

Then he'd rubbed it on my thighs, and we did it on the bathroom floor. The bottle was 75% empty because that wasn't the last time.

I felt Jonathan behind me. "What is it?" he asked, just as the canary came back on.

"This is the stuff I left at his place."

Someone moved to my right, and I saw a pile of clothes. The pockets of my jeans and the T-shirt I slept in were folded neatly under a pair of simple cotton underpants. I didn't read the little menu. I knew what those jeans were worth. Any normal person who wasn't terrified of getting sucked back into their ex-boyfriend's life would have gone back for them.

To my left, a pile of hair accessories: a brush and a scrunchy. And a disk of birth control pills. Open. Half-used.

"Are you sure you're taking these right?" he'd said one month when I was a day late.

"It's easy enough."

"Not if you're knocked up."

The lights changed and illuminated the walls, making the little piles of my things disappear in the darkness. The scribbles became legible, and more than my things on display, more than the exact value of what I'd left behind, those words, written as one long, run-on sentence, brought months of sidelined emotion to the back of my throat.

I didn't say she was more important why do you have to make everything about you she needs me she tried to kill herself, Kevin, what the f**k do you think is going on in your life that's more important right now how can you tell me I can't practice how can you try to silence me again I've put everything on hold for you I can't do this I can't take care of everyone I can't be there for everyone I need to go I need to go I need to go I need to go.

"Bullshit in a box?" Jonathan asked from a safe distance, as if he knew coming closer would be inappropriate.

"These are the last things I said to him."

I walked to the other side of the room. More scrawled words on the wall.

I'm not telling you not to work I'm telling you to stay with me when I'm with those guys they make me feel inadequate and stupid and you're the only one I trust you're the only one I know who doesn't make me feel small without you I'm not a man you don't understand I need you I need you I need you I need you I need you.

I walked out as fast as the low-hanging entrance would let me.

CHAPTER 14

Having been inside the relationship described in the Faulkner Coal Mine, I knew how brave Kevin was to create and display it. We had been impeccable together. We looked good. We never fought in public. No one heard a word from him or me that anything between us was less than perfect. He dragged his confidence around like a skin he seemed to own. That installation fearlessly let his friends and admirers know that not only was our relationship imperfect, but he himself lacked confidence and swagger.

But that was Kevin. Mister one hundred percent. When he'd loved me, it was with all of his heart and soul. I never worried about his commitment or his fidelity. I never found a leak in his passion. I was his everything, and as suffocating as that was, I never wondered where I stood. That in itself was liberating.

But now all our friends would know our last straw. Tuesdays had been his poker night. All the guys would sit in Jack's loft smoking cigars and talking about didactics in postmodernism, or definitions of folk art from the twentieth century's cultural diaspora. The girlfriends would sit in the kitchen talking about sex and drinking wine. It was like the fifties.

Gabby and I had finally put together a band because playing music made her feel better. That burned his ass. Because ever since Gabby had tried to kill herself, I got less available. Harry got us free studio time on Tuesday nights, for rehearsals. Perfect. He could go play poker so I could rehearse. But he threw a fit. He needed my support. He needed me there. Why was I abandoning him for Gabby? And you know what? I felt bad. My first reaction was that he was right. Because that was the whole relationship. His needs, and they were plenty.

In the sculpture garden, behind a little pagoda, was a spot the lights didn't reach. I knew about it because I'd given Kevin a blowjob back there the night he helped his mentor hang his retrospective.

I was headed there when Jonathan grabbed my arm on the patio. "Monica?"

I took his hand and pulled him along with me until I caught a glimpse of Jessica. She smiled at us. I was trying not to burst out crying, so I nodded and let Jonathan do all the smiling.

He let go of my hand.

I glanced back. He and Jessica were talking. He half-faced her, one foot still pointing in my direction, like he wasn't committed to either one of us. I had no time for that. I didn't need him anyway. I ran down the stairs.

I was halfway to the courtyard when I heard his shoes tapping behind me. "Monica, wait up."

I slowed, and he took my hand again without another word.

When we got to the ground floor, I turned into the sculpture garden. It was empty, mostly, so I slowed down. I wasn't breathing well. That was how I cried: breathing badly. Then fat tears would come. I was a ladylike bawler, more or less, which was why I let Jonathan put his arm around me and slow me down. If I was a messy blubberer, I would have run away and gotten the bus home. He sat me on a quiet bench, slowly, as if remembering the damage he'd done to me.

"Are you all right?" he asked.

I put my finger to his lips, then I put my arms around him and rested my head on his shoulder. "I'm so sorry about all this."

"It's okay."

"Tonight was supposed to be your drama."

"I prefer it to be yours, to be honest."

I picked my head up. "That was why he invited me so late. He wasn't sure if he wanted me to come. And that was why it was a single space on the list and not me plus one."

"But you tricked him." He took a hankie out of his pocket and handed it to me. It was thick, possibly silk, and monogrammed.

"God, I feel like such a bitch leaving the way I did. What kind of person just leaves all their stuff and-" I took a hard breath, and the fat tears came every time I blinked. I dabbed my eyes with the hankie.

"Someone who's scared," Jonathan said. "Come on, he made that thing from his perspective. You didn't expect it to be fair, did you?"

I shrugged and dabbed, trying to get control of myself and not lose too much makeup. I sniffed hard.

"I just walked out on him," I said. "I had no closure. I know the way I did it was the only way, because I could be strong once and leave, but he had a way of making me forgive him. We would have been the couple that was always half broken up, and I knew I couldn't be strong another hundred times."

I dabbed the insides of my eyes with the hankie, but I didn't want to get mascara on it, so the wet blobs stayed on the outside of my eyes. Jonathan stroked the back of my neck and waited patiently.

"I don't know what this will make you think of me," I said.

"That any man who's with you better pay attention, or they'll find you gone."

A short exhale of a laugh shot out of me. I shook my head. If I wanted more from Jonathan than a casual f**k, my chances of getting there had just shrunk to nil. Who would want to be with such a psychopath?

"See, I was keeping you on a need to know basis," I said. "And now you know too much about me. I'm going to have to kill you. Sorry."

I looked up from the hankie. He was gazing at my mouth as if it was the most interesting body part he'd ever seen. He touched my lower lip with his thumb and brought it down to my chin.

"I know you're trying to be guarded, but you're too real for that." He brushed my lips with his fingertips, and I kissed them. "I think that piece up there wasn't bullshit. I think it's the most unkind thing I've ever seen. And to sell off the pieces to a stranger is a dirty trick."

I looked back down at my lap, where my hands sat. My wrists were covered in bangly bracelets to hide the bruises. I felt beat up.

"Thanks for listening," I said. "This can't be attractive."

"If you have never seen beauty in a moment of suffering, you have never seen beauty at all."

"Who said that?"

"Some German poet. Now, blow your nose. The sniffling's making me crazy."

I held up the hankie. "I can't. It's too nice." I sniffed again.

"Are you serious?" He snapped the hankie from me and draped it over his palm. He put it over my nose. It had his dry, foggy smell. "Blow," he said.

I looked at him over the silk fabric, and he looked back at me, tilting his head as if waiting impatiently for me to blow my nose into his hankie-covered palm. The corners of his mouth curled ever so slightly. He was trying not to laugh.

"Come on now," he said, squeezing my nose.

I couldn't hold it in. I burst out laughing.

He laughed too, even as he said, "Blow already."

"I can't when I'm laughing."

"Stop laughing then." He was a poor salesman for not laughing, of course, as he was mid-crackup.

I took the hankie back and turned away from him. I blew my nose right into that really nice, embroidered accessory, folded it, and blew again before turning back to him. He leaned back on the bench, his arm around the top of it. Streetlamps reflected blue on his cheeks and the tips of his hair. His finger brushed my bare shoulder.

"Do you want this back?" I said, trying not to laugh all over again.

"Keep it."

CHAPTER 15

I waited in the back seat as Jonathan spoke to Lil outside. I wanted to see him naked again. I wanted his c**k and his lips. I wanted his hands on my hurting parts. But I couldn't stop thinking about Kevin. After I'd left him, I thought he'd forgotten about me. I sometimes thought he might have been hurt, but I took only gleeful satisfaction in that thought. He had always been the strong and confident one, and I was the doormat.

Jonathan slid in across from me, and Lil slammed the door after him.

"You going to tell me to spread my legs?" I asked.

"I'll get to it."

He didn't. He just looked at me. My knees were pressed together. My ni**les were hardened from the fierce air conditioning, and my hands lay folded on my lap. Once he was done with my body, he looked at my face.

The car moved, and the view of the parking lot turned into L.A. at night.

"I want to do things to you," Jonathan said, "but you're not in any physical condition for that right now."

"I'm not made of sugar." I tried to keep the disappointment out of my voice and feared I'd failed.

"Indeed." He touched my collarbone and drew his finger down, under my dress, pulling it down below my breast. The knit of the straps strained and held as he extracted my nipple. "Shift forward again." I pushed my hips to the edge of the seat, flinching with pain. He pulled the other side of my dress down and, getting off his seat, kissed the nipple he took out. I groaned and held his head to me. He sucked it hard, then bit on it, and I gasped.

"I want to tie you to the bed in a hundred positions and f**k you everywhere, but I want those bruises to heal first. I want a clean ass to bruise again."

"I shouldn't ask this."

"Then don't." He brushed his finger against my nipple.

"I need to know if you're like this with everyone. All the women."

He looked in my eyes for a second, silent, then cast his gaze downward. I didn't know what I wanted him to say, but the curiosity burned me from the inside out.

His fingertips touched my lips, and I opened my mouth for him. "Make these wet," he said. "You're going to need it." He slid two fingers in.

I put my tongue against them, and I felt them rub my tongue and slide down my throat. He pulled them out, then shoved them in again. I sucked hard, trying to get my saliva going.

"Come on, Monica, you can do better." He slid his fingers in and out of my mouth, hovering just at my lips then pushing them back in. My sore snatch pounded with heat. I wanted him, despite the pain, or because of it.

His fingers were in my mouth up to his hand. My lips curved around them, and I was sucking. He used his fingers to pull my head up until I faced the ceiling, and his fingers f**ked my mouth from above.

"Pull your skirt up. Gently." I heard the smirk in his voice as he pulled his fingers out then back. I shifted my skirt around my waist.

"Ah, this is gorgeous." With his free hand, he stroked under the garter at the tops of my legs where the pain wasn't so bad. "Now spread these beautiful legs."

A war raged in my pu**y between the pain of soreness and bruising, and the intense fire of need. When I opened my legs, I groaned into his fingers, because I got warmer when exposed to him.

"More, Monica. Don't be shy." I moved them out a little more, but my muscles burned. With his free hand, he yanked my legs apart. I gasped with pain and pleasure. He pulled his soaking fingers out of my mouth, and with his left thumb pressed under my chin, he kept me facing the ceiling.

"You don't want a relationship," he said. "But you keep asking about other women." He put his fingers under the crotch of my underwear and stroked my clit. "Why is that?"

"I can't say." I didn't know how I made words instead of just sounds. The pressure between my legs was so distracting.

"Yes, you do."

"Ah, that's so good, Jonathan."

He put his two fingers in my pu**y. They burned all the way in, and I thrust my hips forward. His thumb rubbed my clit, and I went with his rhythm. His left thumb stayed under my chin almost painfully, keeping me from moving freely.

"Yesterday," he said, "you mentioned something about rumors, and you asked how many women I brought to the club, and now, another question. Do you want to f**k or not?"

God, had I been so childish? "I want to f**k."

"So what's your intention? Why do you keep asking?"

"Curiosity."

He took his fingers out and moved my panties back in place. I thought ok, now he's going to tease my snatch all night, and let's face it, I'm going to love it. But he did something that surprised me. I couldn't see it because he held my chin up, but it felt as if he flicked my clit the way he might flick a crumb off the table, with his thumb and middle finger. His thumbnail hit my engorged clit like a pebble tossed on a water balloon. I felt it as exquisite pain followed by sharp pleasure. I made a vowel sound in my throat, still looking at the ceiling.

"Tell me, Monica. Why so interested?" He flicked me again.

"Oh, Jonathan...." I moaned. Flick. I started to squirm.

"Tell me what's on your mind."

It was gorgeous torture. I had no idea when the flicks were coming, and they were sharp, excruciating, and beautiful. I'd never, ever be able to come even if he did it twenty thousand times.

"If I tell you," I said, "you tell me everything."

He flicked me twice in quick succession. I cried out. "No deals," he said.

"Don't make me scream," I said. "Lil will hear."

"Then talk," he said, flicking me again.

"Fuck you."

"Talk, baby," he said softly, as if cajoling me.

I breathed heavily, feeling the light pressure of his hand on my throat. I could have stopped him. My wrists weren't bound. I could have pulled his arm away. Honestly, I wanted to tell him. "I want you."

"And?" He rubbed my snatch over the now wet fabric of my underwear. It soothed the heat but not the arousal.

"I want you all to myself. I want to know what they didn't do so I can do it. So I can keep you longer."

"Ah." He took his thumb away from under my chin. My legs were still spread, and his knees prevented me from closing them. I looked at him, feeling ashamed. I was sure he'd drop me like a foul ball, right there in the back of his Bentley in a designer dress and new garter. "Three times is my limit. We're one f**k to our expiration date," he said.

"I hope it's a monster because I'm going to miss it."

He smiled at me, then pushed himself back. He closed my legs, and I pulled my skirt down, smoothing it against my thighs, pensive.

"I'll tell you what," he said. "I can't promise you anything long-term. I can't get past my marriage. But I like you more than I care to, and I'm not interested in anyone else right now." He pressed my hands in his and looked at them, then back at me. "Let's do it. As long as you understand where I can't go. Jess talked me through a lot of shit. She rescued me in ways you can't even fathom."

Asking him to explain would have been aggressively intimate enough to break whatever we had. Whatever indefinable thing that was, short-term monogamous relationship, friendly f**kery, exclusive fling, it was not what he had had with Jessica. Our connection didn't have the bandwidth to sustain the pain buried far enough in our past to cause the grind of our present. His past belonged to her, even though she'd cut the line, taking it with her, tugging at him, leaving no one else for him to give it to.

"I get it," I said, "and I'm okay with that."

"Not for long. That's what I'm afraid of."

I stared at him for a second, then down at our hands. "I didn't get into this car wanting anything more from you."

"Yes, you did. You just don't tell yourself the truth all the time." He put a finger on my chin. "You're a goddess, Monica. Never be afraid to ask for what you want."

Our faces were a breath away. I kissed him gently, minutes passing while the city zipped by outside the windows. I heard my phone bloop, and I ignored it. His dinged, and he ignored it. Our devices were like a chorus of bells in the wrong church. I felt the car drop from the nose to the back, as if it were falling off a cliff.

I looked out the window as we stopped. "You drove me home?"

"You're black and blue in just about all the places I want to f**k, and if you come back with me, I'm f**king them."

"The things that come out of your mouth," I said.

"Do they please you?"

"No, actually."

"Come on, Monica. I'll be gone for a few days. When I get back, we can pick up where we left off."

"You're leaving me like this for days? I feel like I'm carrying a baseball between my legs."

"No touching either. That orgasm's mine, and I'm trusting you to hold it for me."

I put my face to his, kissing his cheek, his nose, his lips. "It weighs ten pounds. Just release me."

"I'm going to release you when I get back," he said into my ear. "Repeatedly." He reached back and knocked on the window between us and the driver.

"You have a serious cruelty streak."

He smiled at me as though he knew good goddamn well what his streak was made of. Lil opened the door, and we stepped out. He kissed me by my porch steps, and my phone blooped again. From my porch, I watched the Bentley dip down the hill as if it was a feather thrown from a tall building. Inside the house, I heard the piano getting the attention I wished I was getting.

CHAPTER 16

Gabby was up. No one else could play like that. She didn't stop when I came in, but she nodded to me.

"It's eleven at night," I shouted over the music.

"So?"

"Can you play something a little less bombastic so the neighbors don't call the cops again?"

She stopped playing entirely. "Why are you home? Did you guys have a fight or something?"

"No. Where's Darren?" I dropped my bag and kicked off my shoes, draping myself across the couch. Even lying still on the couch made me think about sex, adding to the throbbing between my legs. Damn Jonathan.

"Fucker's on another date." She tinkled a fun little tune on the keys. I'd never seen her like that before, with so few words and a tone of such pent up anger. I wished I could have my old high school friend back. She was fun. The person I'd spent the last two years watching had a new personality every few weeks.

"So? We set you free. You should be happy."

"I am. I'm meeting Theo for a midnight show at Sphere."

"Scottish Theo of the tattoos? He's all right." As excited and approving as I tried to sound about her new fling, she seemed disinclined to take the bait. She'd always been that way, which I'd liked about her, but over the past two years, the trait had become less charming and more alarming.

"So," she said, "Darren has a mystery lady. You have mister bazillionaire."

"I don't have anyone. It's completely casual."

She ignored me and my half truth. I was falling for Jonathan, and she knew it better than anyone. She turned to the piano again and played something sweet and sexual that made me want to run to the bathroom and finger myself to orgasm just so I could sleep.

My phone blooped, and I finally looked at it. The number wasn't in my contacts, but I recognized it anyway.

-see me-

Scrolling revealed five more of the same.

-see me-

-see me-

-see me-

-see me-

-see me-

"How did Kevin get my number?" I asked.

"Darren. I told him not to."

"God. Fuck him. Is that a man thing? We're all too butch to admit something would be a problem?"

I held the phone out for Gabby so she could see the six texts. "You should see him," she said. "He met us after our show. I think he's over you."

"And these texts prove it." I held up the phone for her to see, then I texted him back.

-leave me alone-

"I'm going to bed," I said. "Did you take your meds?"

"Yep."

I stood behind her for a second. I didn't believe her, and I didn't know if I should say something or not.

I trudged to the bathroom and took out her bottle of Marplan. She'd just gotten a refill that past Monday. There were a lot of pills, and a month ago, I would have counted them. I would have checked Darren's text with the last number he counted and counted the number of hours since to see if she'd taken two per day. Then I would have texted Darren the results, and all would be well with the world.

But I knew I wouldn't count all those pills. Darren hadn't texted me a pill count in a day and a half, and I was tired, and horny, and my phone blooped again.

I put the top on the bottle and put it away. I brushed my teeth and went to bed, taking my phone under the covers.

-let me explain, pls. I needed to make that piece. I'm not trying to get you back I know you're happy with someone else-

Happy. Sure. Kevin had only known the Monica who was never casual about sex. He'd only known the fully-committed me. I was suddenly miserable with Jonathan. Two f**ks and a few illicit fingerings, and what would it ever be? A few more f**ks and some more denied orgasms. In the end, we'd move on. He didn't have space in his heart for me. He'd made that clear. I'd never felt so empty in my life.

-good night Kevin-

Another text came in.

-Thank you for tonight. I'll call you during the week to check on that baseball-

-You're welcome.-

-Speaking of...They're playing the Mets the day after I get back-

I had snappy comebacks ready, but they turned to ice. Every bit of attention he gave me made me sad because it was fleeting and meaningless. I didn't have the will or the energy to play his game.

-Ok good night-

Bloop.

-see me-

I shut the phone and closed my eyes. The baseball between my legs shrunk into an olive, and I fell asleep.

CHAPTER 17

Impossible as it seemed, I was more sore the next morning. Gabby was already up when I trudged into the kitchen. She stared into the corner with a mug of coffee in her hands. If someone had put a gun to my head and asked, I'd have said her coffee was cold.

"Gabby?"

"Should we practice a new set for our meeting?"

"At WDE? No. It's a meeting, not an audition. Are you feeling okay?"

"Yeah." She looked at me as if I'd woken her from a nap. "We have rehearsal in an hour. Let me shower first."

We'd moved the rehearsal venue from the studio, which cost money but was necessary with a band of four people, to the living room, which was free and was fine for two people. We were as diligent about our appointments as we would have been if we were meeting at a studio.

I boiled water for tea as I heard the shower go on. The slap of metal on metal from the gate outside was barely audible over the noise. It was way too early for the mail. I got to the front door just in time to see a green Jaguar going up the hill and a bulky figure in the front. Lil, for sure. I got out onto the porch quickly enough to see the backseat was empty. When I turned to go back inside, I saw a little navy box with a silver ribbon. I scooped it up and ran into my room, clicking the door shut behind me.

I sat on my bed and undid the ribbon, revealing the silver HW on the top of the box. A little envelope had been attached to the bottom, and when the ribbon slipped away, the envelope dropped into my lap. I opened it.

Dear Monica-

Please take this as a token of my appreciation.

-Jonathan

I slid the box open, then the box inside that. It held a three quarter inch long bar, silver or platinum, with a circular diamond set in the bottom.

A navel ring. A real one to replace the fake ring I'd gotten from the piercing place on Melrose. I held it up to the morning light, and I was again distracted by how shabby and cheap everything in my room looked, the mess of laundry in the corner, the old frames on my pictures, the smudges on my mirror.

I peeled my shirt off and replaced my crappy navel ring with that gorgeous thing. As I looked at myself in the mirror, loving it, I wondered what it was for. I read the note again. Appreciation for what? Me, generally? Or something else? The card was too small to write more, but I wasn't sure what to make of those nine words.

The shower went off. I held my concerns. I had to shower, dress, drink my tea, and show up in the living room ready to go. I couldn't be burdened by my worries about what Jonathan meant to me and what I did-or didn't-mean to him.

CHAPTER 18

If my unease came through during rehearsal, Gabby didn't say anything, but I could tell it was an off day. I'd texted Jonathan a thank you for the gift, hoping my uneasiness didn't come through. He didn't respond, and I was sure he was on a plane. I didn't want to hear from him right away anyway. I was too busy worrying. Nothing had changed. He'd given me everything I'd asked of him.

"How was your night last night?" asked Debbie. "I heard you went to L.A. Mod?"

Debbie, Robert, and I stood at the service bar. It was the slowest part of my shift, toward the end. All of my candles had been lit for the next shift. All of my chairs had been put into place, paper napkins twisted, and trays wiped. The sun got about its business of setting orange over the Los Angeles skyline, a sight I took for granted during the early shift.

"It was good. My ex-boyfriend did a whole piece on me, basically eviscerating me as a heartless bitch in front of everyone. Not sure what I'm going to do about that."

"Is that legal?" Robert asked.

"Only if I'm a heartless bitch. But I figure if it's not bad for my career, I should just close my eyes and pretend it didn't happen." Robert drifted off to make drinks.

"And how was the company?" Debbie smirked, a little wink flicking the bottom of her low-hanging bangs.

"Fine."

"He took you out in public. That's good. For both of you."

I shook my head and rearranged the lemon and lime trays. "I don't know."

Debbie didn't even hear the last word I said. She was up like a shot and already approaching a woman who'd just walked in by herself. She was tallish and blonde, and her skin glowed with health.

It was Jessica Carnes.

Debbie did her thing, smiling and double kissing, spinning conversation out of nothing. I was frozen in place. I didn't want to serve her drinks. Nothing in the world could make me serve that woman drinks for tips. Nothing except needing my job.

Debbie indicated the bar to her. I loved Debbie with a bursting heart right then, because Robert served the bar. I was the only waitress for the next twenty minutes. If Jessica sat at a table, I'd have to serve her.

Another woman came in behind Jessica, and more kisses were doled out. She had wavy brown hair and a face shiny with plastic surgery. A buffer? Or a team?

"I'm going to be sick," I said to Robert.

"Bathroom's that way."

Debbie led them to a table and handed them the drink menus. When she walked back toward the service bar, her face betrayed nothing.

"I tried," she said when she was in earshot. "You'll have to do it."

"I can't. I met her last night."

"That's probably why she's here." Debbie took my hand and squeezed it, her grip cool and firm. She looked me in the eye, unflinching. "Be a woman of grace."

I swallowed hard, glancing at Jessica. She and her plastic surgery buddy spoke closely. The couch they sat on left their arms exposed, and I saw Jessica had a slim nylon cast on her right wrist.

"Fine." I put my notepad in my pocket and strode over there as if I owned the place.

Jessica and Plastic watched me approach, two beige ovals with eyes seemingly in sync as they looked me up and down, much like Jonathan had when he first met me. I put a little lift in my step and smiled with closed lips.

"Hi," I said, "I'm Monica. Can I get you anything?"

They just stared until Plastic broke the silence. "You are just as cute as a button, aren't you?"

I smiled, showing my teeth, wishing for the pressure of Debbie's hand on mine. "Thank you."

"We met," Jessica said, "last night."

"Yes," I said, "that's right. I wasn't a hundred percent sure, so I didn't want to say anything. It's nice to see you again."

"Of course. Same here."

The awkward moment was broken by a phone ringing. Plastic reached for hers. "I have to take this." She smiled to me. "Grab me a mojito, would you, dear? Easy on the sugar." She pressed the phone to her ear and headed to the hallway.

"Can I get you something?" I asked Jessica.

"Yes, I'll have the same." She shifted in her seat. I was about to escape when she said, "You really had me scared last night."

"Why is that?"

"I thought you were an eighth sister."

Her gaze held me, and I felt just walking away would be rude. Debbie had told me to be a woman of grace, and I didn't know a better way to do that than to show I was interested in her. "What happened to your arm? You didn't have that last night."

"Hairline fracture. I spent half the night in the ER. I'm actually wiped out."

"Oh, wow. How did that happen?"

Jessica pursed her lips and looked away, then back to me. The movement was so smooth and quick, I almost missed it. "You know how it is," she said. "Jonathan can be a little rough."

My mouth went dry. I couldn't even swallow. I think I shook a little because I felt my knees knock once. I had to get away. I had to be somewhere else.

"Sure," I choked out. "Of course. I'll get those drinks."

I made it to the service bar. Debbie's eyes widened. "What happened? You're white as a sheet."

"I have fifteen minutes left in my shift."

"What did she say?"

"I'm not repeating it. I have to go home."

Debbie took both my shaking hands in hers, slipping the notepad away. "You finish your shift. And you smile. Another table just came in. Take care of them, but do not linger. Do you understand?"

Her face broached no arguments. My nod was so slight and forced, I was surprised she even saw it.

"Robert," she barked, "make two mojitos, no sugar." She looked back at me. "Let them ask for the sugar. Make them wait. Take care of your other tables. Smile. Maddy's here to relieve you, but you have to finish your shift. Grace, Monica."

Robert put two drinks on my tray.

"Yes," I whispered.

"Go."

When I went to their table to drop the drinks, Jessica and Plastic were deep in conversation. I made a nice face for them, and though Plastic opened her mouth to say something to me, I turned away before she'd engaged her vocal cords, giving me the opportunity to service my other table.

Twelve and a half minutes later, I came back to the service bar with a drink order and handed it to Robert. Maddy was made up, bright-eyed, and ready to go. I briefed her on the tables.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"Fantastic. Where's Debbie?"

She shrugged. I didn't care. I went into the back without looking behind me to see if Jessica saw me leave.

I got to the break room and turned my phone on. I had to turn it off when I was on the floor, but now I would give that motherfucker a piece of my mind. He couldn't even keep it in his pants for me for how long? How many hours? They must have arranged to meet while I was busy running down the stairs. He'd promised fidelity and dumped me home with a lame excuse about not wanting to hurt me. What a joke. He went and got himself laid.

By his ex-wife.

Who he loved and would always love.

Because she talked him through a tough time.

'Til death do us part.

I had no idea what I would say to Jonathan, but something had to be said. If he wanted her, then fine, but why play with my clit while demanding I ask him for whatever I wanted? Why push me to tell him I wanted to be his only one, for however long, if he would turn the car around and f**k his ex-wife so hard he fractured her wrist?

I stared at my screen. He'd sent me two messages a few hours before.

-I'm glad you like it-

-I still owe you a spanking from Barney's-

And another one just three minutes previous.

-Can you call me?-

Darren:

-Have you seen Gabs?-

I replied: -Try Theo-

There were another two messages, sent rapid fire an hour before. They were from an emotional f**kup, but one who had been open, sincere, and vulnerable with me. Someone who never, in the two years he had me, ever cheated on me. He'd never even looked at another woman. Never gave me a reason to doubt his devotion.

-last time I'm asking-

I'd forgotten what a persistent pain in the ass Kevin was. I replied because it wouldn't be his last text, no matter what he said. I'd opened the door a crack, and he was intent on barging in.

-What-

I waited for his answer. I didn't feel a hum between my legs at the thought of him, nor did he make me grin with anticipation. I didn't want him as a boyfriend, lover, or f**k-not that he would find the latter two acceptable. I wanted to just talk to him, to see the devotion and fidelity I'd slaughtered so heartlessly. I didn't want him back. I wanted to surgically remove the viable parts, label them, and put them in a case so I would recognize them if I saw them again.

-see me-

I answered it.

-Where?-

