CHAPTER 1.

MONICA

Dr. Thorensen had put up his Christmas lights on December first, two weeks ago, decorating his wood detailing and redwood fence with tiny multicolored dots. No fat inflatable snowmen. No Santas. No elves, just classy little spots hanging around the edges of his property like a joyful little f**king aura.

I rang the bell again. The house was the biggest on my incline of a block. The door itself was four feet wide, deep mahogany, set in with a lead glass window.

It was too early in the morning to ring Dr. Thorensen's bell. He was a single guy in his mid-thirties, and it was Tuesday morning. He should be at his office, or the hospital. Maybe nuzzling one of the women I saw come around periodically. But I was losing my shit. I couldn't wait another minute, and I'd noticed he kept odd hours.

I saw him through the glass in a polo and jeans, carrying a coffee cup. When the door opened, he looked grave.

"Monica," he said. "Am I blocking your driveway?" Then he looked at me. I must have been a sight. "Are you okay?"

"Not really?"

"What happened?"

Suddenly, I felt silly, as if I'd become a story he'd tell his friends. I'd become the annoying girl next door. He'd told me once that he didn't put an MD license plate on his car or hang out a shingle because he wanted to avoid random advice-seekers and neighbors with a sniffle. I'd laughed with him at the story of the Montessori mother two doors down who wanted him to look at her son's scraped knee. This was why I'd avoided ringing his bell for five long, lonely, friendless days.

But he was a cardiologist, and when Santa brought me a gift, I figured I shouldn't try to cram it back up the chimney.

One long sentence poured out. "I didn't want to bother you, I mean it's not like he can't afford the best doctors in the world, but I'm afraid to tell them what I think or I'll look crazy so I was wondering if you had privileges at Sequoia?"

"I do."

He paused for a second, and I feared he'd say something like, "sorry, I'm not working right now. I deserve to be at home in peace as much as the next person, and the fact that I spent a quarter million dollars on school doesn't make me public property." But he stepped aside and said, "Come in."

I'd never been inside his house, and though I'd always been curious, when I finally did see it, my curiosity was dulled. I'd been blind to details for a week, my brain had somehow narrowed out what it thought important to three things. Breathing. Worrying about Jonathan. Desire to kill Jessica. But when I passed the living room, the flashing lights caught my eye. Three huge flatscreen TVs were up, with a leather chair set to see all of them. I recognized the steampunk settings and the particular burnished brass and wood finishes from a party I'd attended before Jonathan. In another life.

"You play City of Dis?" I asked. The online multiplayer game was highly competitive, complex to a fault, and if you had the brain power to keep up with it, more addicting than crack.

"Yeah." He seemed a little embarrassed. "Need to wind down sometimes, you know."

"I know this guy who wears Depends when he plays so he doesn't have to get up to go to the bathroom."

"I'm potty trained, even in character. Coffee?" he asked as I followed him to the marble and glass kitchen.

"No, thanks. I'm more of a tea person."

"So," he refreshed his cup. "If it's not the driveway, and you're asking about Sequoia, must be a medical call?"

"I'm so sorry to bother you."

"You're fine. Sit." He pulled out a tall chair by the marble kitchen bar.

I sat, feet wrapped around the legs, a coiled tension in my hips.

"You did the place nice," I said. "It's probably the best house on the block."

"It's an investment." He put a pot of water on the stove. "Coulda got something in Beverly Hills or Palisades for twice the price and half the aggravation, but where's the fun in that?"

"It's quieter and cleaner?"

"No potential, though. Nowhere to go but down. This neighborhood's going to be Beverly Hills in ten years. And I get to live next to people like you. Interesting people. It's all lawyers over there." He glanced at me quickly, as if checking on me. "So, what brings you?"

"You're a cardiologist. I'm sorry but-"

"Stop apologizing."

"My...I guess you'd call him a boyfriend? He's at Sequoia."

"A patient, I assume."

"They say he has a heart problem. That he damaged his valves when he was younger and he..."

Was I betraying a confidence? There had been so much talk of his suicide attempt that it seemed like old news already, but the talk had been within the confines of his family and doctors.

Dr. Thorensen waited, leaning on the counter, cup warming his hands.

"He took too much Adderall once when he was a teenager."

"This is Jonathan Drazen?"

I felt a tingle of shock, like an adrenaline rush, that he knew, and that he mentioned his name right there in the kitchen, as if Jonathan's condition and how he came to be so sick, was public knowledge.

He must have seen it on my face. He put his cup down and opened a chrome canister on the counter. It was full of teabags.

"That explains the car."

Was I just being sensitive? Because it sounded like he thought I couldn't possibly have bought a Jaguar without f**king someone. I didn't have time to decide if I was mad, because Dr. Thorensen continued as if he knew he'd implied something that could twist my knickers in a knot and wanted me to forget it.

"We have a weekly meeting on the high risk cardiology patients," he said. "Just to check diagnoses and make sure we're on the same page about treatment. I've seen him." He held up a hand as if the reassure me. "I'm not his doctor or anything. Dr. Emerson is with him. He's highly qualified."

"And you agreed a sixteen year-old overdose gave him a heart attack? That makes no sense."

"Adderall is basically legalized speed," he continued. "Taking a fistful will damage your valves, and the slightest blockage will give you a heart attack. No question. It's a miracle he made it this far."

He handed me my cup. I didn't want it, but found my hands clasping it anyway.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

He raised an eyebrow, but said nothing in his own defense.

"I don't mean to question you," I said. "I'm sorry. I didn't go to medical school. But before it happened, we were at a party, and he was gone a long time. I think..." I felt so stupid even saying it. I'd only told Margie my theory, and she'd dismissed it. "I think he was poisoned."

I stared into my teacup.

"That's a pretty broad accusation." He said it softly and kindly, but under it all was a hint of condescension, as if what he really wanted to say was that I was crazy.

"He has enemies," I said.

"Yes."

"His ex-wife was mad at him."

"Okay."

"He was fine just before."

"No, he wasn't."

"I was there, you weren't. I'm sorry, but he was fine."

He put his cup down, and I felt the weight of my intrusion. He was playing a video game at eight in the morning, getting a moment's peace from a high pressure job, and here I was dragging his work into his kitchen. And he didn't believe me. I wanted him to believe me, even as I was feeling crazier and crazier.

"There was nothing on his tox screen. I sat with his attending for two hours looking at EKGs. He had a massive coronary event. There's a pretty good chance he'd been having small heart attacks in the days previous. His valves are shot."

He stopped his sentence as if catching himself. He'd been talking about a man's heart like it was a carburetor.

"I should go."

"He has a very good prognosis."

"Thanks for the tea." I put it on the counter.

"Monica, listen-"

"Dr. Thorensen-"

"I'm Brad."

"Brad, it's been a rough five days. He's got seven sisters and a mother and they...most of them...act like I'm no one to him. I'm on his list, so I'm told everything, but I'm surrounded by strangers. And seeing him like that, with the IV and the tubes and just waiting to get cut open. Everyone's worried and no one wants to listen."

"I understand the desire to blame someone, but he wasn't poisoned. I promise you."

He was right, of course. There had been no evidence of poisoning, and Jessica had been in my sights, or in the bathroom most of the time, but I was looking for a ten second interval where she could have...What? Fed him something? Slyly injected him? Did I think I was living in an Agatha Christie novel where conceptual artists moonlit as chemists?

"Yeah," I said. "I guess."

"Tell you what. This is fun. Why don't you play City of Dis with me for a little while? I'm in the eighth circle. I'll build you a character from my profile. You're not getting an opportunity to play at that level anywhere else. All your problems go away." He snapped his fingers. "Magic. Come on."

"I can't."

"An hour."

"I haven't done laundry in two weeks and I have to go to work."

He put his cup down. "Rain check?"

"Yes, and thank you, Brad." His short name sounded, at once, overly familiar and coldly detached in my mouth.

"Any time."

He walked me out and I went home to wrestle with the laundry. Maybe I'd hang out a Christmas light myself.

There was a letter taped to my screen door. No envelope, just an open sheet.

NOTICE OF PUBLIC AUCTION

The rest was legal bullshit, but I scanned the page for the handwritten parts. My address. Thirty days. Non-payment.

"Shit."

I looked at my house as if there might be an answer there, but it was just a dark wooden box with a crumbling foundation. I still hadn't gotten the papers signed to fix it, but if the permits had been opened, my mother had gotten the notice in the mail. So she knew something was going down. Now, this, which must have been the result of my failure to send her a check two months running.

I had to call her.

I didn't want to call her.

I stared at my phone. The number was right there. I'd missed the rent twice before. Once when Kevin and I broke up, and once when Gabby had tried to commit suicide. Both times, I'd just sent two month's rent in an envelope with a thank you note. So when Gabby died and I was short, I just figured I'd make it up. And I could have, except I was in Vancouver December first and forgot and then I stopped working when Jonathan collapsed into my arms, so honestly, even if I'd had the cash in there, I was too preoccupied to manage any practical aspect of my life.

That's what I get for living in her house. Really. How long could I mooch off someone I wasn't speaking to anyway? How old was I?

I hit her number while I unlocked my front door. It was easier to do difficult things if I multitasked through them.

My house was exactly the same every time I went into it to shower or grab something, as if it was a museum of my life. Nothing moved. The blanket on the couch was rumpled in the shape of an opening rose. The curtains draped over the back of the chair like perfectly-trimmed bangs. The dishes in the rack were filed and waiting for archiving in the cabinets.

The phone stopped ringing and there was a click. Mom's voice still had the slight Brazilian accent that had been carefully chipped away, but never smoothed off completely. My heart skipped a beat, an adrenaline rush in preparation for the confrontation.

It was a message.

"Hi, Mom. I got a notice the bank is auctioning off the house? Should we talk about it?"

God that was stupid. I hung up. Shoulda paid the f**king rent. Shoulda called her to let her know I was in a pinch. Shoulda had Darren move in. One more stupid shit thing in a long line of other stupid shit things. I folded the notice and wedged into the corner of my notebook. Fuck the Christmas lights.

CHAPTER 2.

MONICA

I was nearly out of gas, and I had five dollars in my pocket, one maxed out credit card and a bank account dangerously close to scraped clean. I could get to work and make some cash, but without that eighth of a tank, I'd be taking the bus to the hospital for the duration and paying the fare with change found between couch cushions.

I didn't dare tell Jonathan things had gotten that bad. I went to him every night with sunshine in my voice and rainbows in my pocket.

But when I wasn't at Sequoia, I let the panic come. Slamming my locker closed, I painted on a customer service smile for no one in particular.

"Monica?" Andrea came up behind me, her hair dyed blue that week. It was always something new with her, and I seemed to have missed this change, because the color was already fading back to green.

"Hey, how are you? Love the color."

"What are you doing here?"

"It's my shift."

She rolled her eyes and twisted her mouth around. "Uhm, we're kinda in the habit of swapping you out. So, I'm working."

"No," I heard the squeak in my voice. "I need the cash." God, I hated sounding like that. I hated whining about money.

She shrugged and walked out to the floor. I went to Debbie's office.

"Come in," she said after I knocked. She was alone, behind her desk, shuffling through God-only-knows. She looked up as if she was pleased to see me, standing and putting her arms out for a hug. "Monica. How are you?"

"I'm fine. I came to work, but Andrea says she's got my shift?"

"You've missed five shifts, Monica. And you were out the week before. I need to run the floor."

"I need my shift."

She put her hand under my chin. "You're in no condition to work. You lost weight. You have circles. A little lipstick?"

"Please."

"What's happening? Sit. Tell me."

I lowered myself in the leather chair. Debbie sat on the arm of the one next to it. The nightly mist that descended on Los Angeles dotted the window. It was the wettest year in history. The bar would be slow, tips scarce, tourists who had nowhere else to go and regulars who came out of habit. The Hollywood hitters would be in clubs Downtown or Silver Lake venues.

"They're trying to stabilize him so they can do a valve graft," I said. She looked at me blankly, as if she was waiting to understand what I'd just said. "He damaged his heart when he was sixteen-" I stopped abruptly. I knew Debbie and Jonathan had been close, but I couldn't be sure he'd told her about the fistful of drugs he'd taken. He hadn't known he was broken. He'd been fine, until the stress of the past weeks broke him.

"Here," Debbie said, handing me a tissue. "Go ahead."

"They have to replace parts of his heart." I felt strongly that I didn't know what I was talking about, because I didn't. "He hasn't been stable enough for the surgery." I pressed the tissue to my eyes. It came back with blobs of mascara. Now I really couldn't work the floor. "I go in every night and talk to him, but I need to work tonight."

"No, you need to go in to him."

"I need the money. I'm sorry. I know it seems gross."

"He can't give you money?" She seemed shocked at the idea, as if he wouldn't, which wasn't the case. Money would sully the sunshine and rainbows.

"I don't want him to worry."

"What about his family?"

"Outside of Margie, they all tolerate my existence. Which is fine. But I'm not asking."

"He hasn't given you something you can sell?"

Had he? The title for the Jag, which was my only transportation, had been in the glove compartment when Lil drove it to me. The platinum lariat that symbolized our bond twisted around itself on my dresser, binding sea and sky between it. The diamond navel bar was where he'd put it when he committed to me.

"No," I said. "I have nothing to sell."

Debbie got up and walked behind her desk. Bending at the waist, she opened a drawer and pulled out her wallet.

"I don't usually do this," she said.

"Don't. I'll manage."

She took a pile of bills out and folded them once, coming around the desk.

"We can cover your shifts another couple of days before we have to put you on personal leave. That's unpaid." She picked up my hand and slapped the bills into it. "Figure it out."

I squeezed the money. I couldn't refuse it, and taking it meant I could see Jonathan.

"You're very nice to me," I said.

"Jonathan helped a friend of mine through a rough time. You make him happy. So helping you, is helping him. Now go. I have work to do."

CHAPTER 3.

MONICA

One hundred fifty seven dollars in smallish bills. God bless Debbie, I loved her. I put gas in the car, first thing. Then I bought a container of cubed cantaloupe at Ralph's for dinner. I parked three blocks away so I wouldn't have to pay for the lot, and walked. Night was falling and it was getting cold. I was bundled in a scarf and light coat, having forgotten a hat in my rush to get to work.

Sequoia was huge. Half the babies in LA were born there, and everyone else managed to die there. The charge nurse in the cardiac unit knew me by sight, and nodded at me and my cantaloupe.

"Hi," I said when I walked into the room of bland pinks, beiges, hard edges and the smell of sickness and alcohol. I'd gotten him a little light-up Christmas tree for the table by the bed, and every night he made sure it was on.

"I thought you were working tonight," Jonathan said. He was sitting up, reading by a single lamp. I'd seen him in that bed every might for the past week and a half, and he'd gotten better and better. I couldn't believe they wouldn't let him just walk out with a pat on the head.

"It's raining. Debbie didn't need me." I sat on the edge of the bed taking his hand in mine while trying not to disturb the IV in it. Machines beeped and hummed. The stylus scratched on paper, tracing the lines of his heartbeat. "How are you feeling?"

"Like I want to punch someone. You?"

"The contracts are signed. Margie was a hero, seriously. I couldn't have done it without her. I'm finalized to record tomorrow. I'm singing Collared with full production value."

He took the cantaloupe container from me. "They getting the LA Phil in?"

"I know you're joking," I said, compulsively putting my hands out to help him open the container. But in the past couple of days he hadn't needed me, so I pulled them back. "But yeah. Fifteen pieces. String-heavy. Like, real. Then, next week we're doing Craven. I laid down some scratch on a few others and they're going to pick two more for an EP."

He plucked out a piece of melon and held it up. I leaned forward and opened my mouth. He brushed the juice on my bottom lip before letting it touch my tongue. "Orchestras cost a lot of money," he said. "They must believe in you."

I took the cantaloupe gently into my mouth and closed my lips around it, catching his fingers, sucking them on the way out.

"We'll see."

"Is this what you brought for dinner?"

"I ate stuff at home," I lied. If he knew my fridge was empty and I didn't want to spend Debbie's money getting takeout, he'd worry. Or he'd lose his shit all over the hospital room. He'd already had a code blue over his mother trying to shut me out.

"You're supposed to have dinner with me," he said, feeding me melon. He wasn't mad or scolding. He missed me during the day when his family was here and I hung around in the shadows. That was the deal. I didn't have to be front and center with his sisters and mother, but I came to him at night, alone.

"What did the doctors say? Will you be out for Christmas?" I changed the subject, deflecting away from dinner, which would lead to talk of my financial distress. "I have no idea what to get you, by the way."

He paused, picking through the fruit, eyes cast down.

"Well?" I asked.

"Not yet," he answered, holding up cantaloupe. I took it, but I sensed he was hiding something. I chewed slowly. As if sensing my recalcitrance, he said, "I'm strong enough, but the arrhythmia's still there."

"It was gone yesterday!"

He shrugged. "Eat. I want that body ready for me when I get the hell out of here."

That was Jonathan. Focused on getting the hell out of what he perceived as a prison.

"This body's always ready for you," I said, parting my lips for his fingers. He pulled the fruit back an inch, and I followed, then he let it touch my tongue, then pulled it back. We played the cat and mouse game with the melon until he popped it in his mouth and grabbed me by the back of the head, kissing me. Our tongues tasted of cold fruit. I kissed him as if I'd almost lost him, pushing myself into him as if he was a delicate creature, living only by the grace of God and modern medicine. His tongue wove around mine as if he was as healthy as ever. As if an elevated heart rate wouldn't kill him, or at the very least, send nurses running in with paddles and carts of beige machines. He could deny what was happening all he wanted. He was getting stronger, but if his doctors were to be believed, every day without that graft brought him closer to another heart failure.

"Goddess," he whispered. "I have to have you."

"No f**king way." We'd tried two nights previous, and the word disaster would be used if we were underplaying the results. I'd gotten an earful from Nurse Irene on the matter, and had cried for hours from the stress and the scolding.

He pushed his finger under my waistband. I could feel the tubes from the IV on my skin. "Undo these," he said.

"No."

"Open your jeans and pull them down." He spoke as if I hadn't just refused him, and the command send waves of lust below my waist. "I swear to God I won't get my heart rate up."

"I'm scared," I said.

"I'm not. Come on. Trust me."

His face was inches from mine, his hand on my cheek, stroking my lower lip. Every night I curled up next to him and slept for a few hours before I was asked to get in my chair. Every night I wanted him, and every night I worried. He'd gone from distraught, to annoyed, to depressed, to this. A feeling that he'd lost control. He was using me to feel like he had it for a minute. I just didn't know if I could trust him to take care of himself.

I unbuttoned my pants. He sighed and put the container on the table, his eyes still locked on mine as I straightened my hips, put a knee on the bed and pulled my pants down.

"Straddle me," he said. I was restricted by the waistband, but got a leg out and wiggled around the instruments and tubes to get myself on either side of him. I made no move to shift the sheets away or touch him. I only did what I was told.

"The door's ajar," I said.

"The curtain's closed." He whispered, feeling my ass. "You're wearing this cotton shit again," he said, his left hand, the one without the IV, stroking my lower back and finding its way under my panties.

"It feels silly to waste to good stuff when you won't see it."

"You miss the point." He pulled me forward. "Put your hands behind me." I placed them on the wall behind him. With his left hand, he reached between my legs, caressing me over the fabric of my underpants. "The idea is that during the day, I'm present where no one can see. You dress for the world, but under that, you dress for me. I own your softest places, and what touches them, is mine."

"How can I think about that when you're sick?"

"I need you to. It's the only thing that gets me through the day. Knowing I own you even from here. Can you do something for me tomorrow?"

"Anything."

"At three o'clock, when you're in the studio. Exactly three. Put your fingers on your lips and think of me."

"Yes. I can do that."

He brushed his thumbnail over the crotch of my panties. My clit throbbed at his touch, and I gasped.

"Remember the office?" he whispered. "On the desk?"

"How could I forget? You were cruel."

He stroked the nails of four fingers over the cotton he so hated. It was damp already.

"I wanted you so badly," he whispered.

"You could have had me."

"Anyone else, I would have just f**ked. Not you." He brushed one finger under my panties, stroking my opening. "You were so wet. So responsive. A quickie on a desk would have been such a waste."

His finger ran circles around my wettest part, and again, his thumb touched my clit gently. When I thrust forward, he pulled it back.

"You were a bastard." I spoke through gasps as his fingers teased me. "You could have let me come and f**ked me later."

He pushed two fingers in me. I closed my eyes and groaned.

"Look at me," he said. I put my nose to his and tried to keep my eyes open. "I wanted you before my trip. I needed you motivated. I had to have you."

"Have me," I gasped as he put only the lightest pressure on his thumb while rotating his fingers in my hole.

"You were fantastic that first night. Unforgettable."

Pulling his fingers out, he slipped them up my cleft, stroking my clit slowly, barely moving, every millimeter of movement a shot of sensation from my cunt out to my knees and waist.

"Oh, God."

His right hand went to the back of my head. I knew he had his IV in that hand, but I wasn't going to think about that. I only thought about the excruciatingly unhurried motion of his fingers. "Do you want to come, Monica?"

"Please let me come. I want to."

He grabbed my hair. "I don't believe you."

"Please. Jonathan, please. Don't let me walk away like this. Let me come for you." My begging could not have been more sincere. The pleasure and tension between my legs was so intense, so heavy, it was almost painful.

"No." He slowly dragged his fingers over my clit, then lodged them back in me and pulled them out, rolling around the outside, then pushed them back in again, all the while keeping my head still by holding a handful of my hair in his fist.

"Please," I whispered.

"Why should I?"

"You love me."

"I do." But he didn't say anything more.

"And I love you."

"So?"

"I miss your body. I want to come for you. Please."

He pulled the tips of his fingers over my clit. It was just enough to take me to the next level, where I couldn't speak as the pleasure soaked my body, yet it wasn't a full release.

"When you sing tomorrow, you wear something that reminds you of me."

"Yes." I would have promised him the World Series, but this, I meant. Under my clothes, he owned me. "Please."

Rubbing my clit in earnest, he held my face close to his. "Who do you belong to?" Like a glass of water on a hot day, my cunt drank him, getting what it had craved, every inch of wet skin receiving the touch it wanted like the answer to a prayer.

"You. I am yours. Oh. I'm-"

"Come, darling."

I bit back a cry as the orgasm ripped through me like a fire hose had been turned on, thrusting my hips forward, sending bullets of pleasure through my nervous system, squeezing the air from my lungs, shutting out every sense, but the sensation of his fingers between my legs, his breath on my face, his eyes on mine.

He slowed, but kept his hand on my stroking me down until I felt like I could think again.

"Again, goddess. And quietly."

He pushed in me, gathering juices, then put his fingers to my clit again. The waters rose like a flash flood.

"Fuck," I groaned, clenching, thrusting, a grunt stopped in my throat as I came for him again. My eyes closed involuntarily as I released, the fireworks between my legs taking up every sensory input.

A machine beeped. We froze. It double-beeped once, twice, then stopped. He patted my ass, and I knew what that meant.

I scurried off him and pulled my pants up, getting them buttoned just as Irene Kzowlicz, RN opened the door.

"Mister Drazen," she said in her thick Hungarian accent. "You are okay?"

"We're fine."

"I didn't know if I should be getting the crash cart again." She joked, shuffling in on her clunky padded shoes, hands like risen dough pulling Jonathan to a sitting position so she could mess with his pillows. Her grey hair was cut short, and her lower lip seemed to extend a good seven inches from her face.

"For two beeps?" Jonathan said. "I'm going to start thinking you want me to live."

"When I started to nurse, we had rules. No girlfriends in the room alone, with door closed. Now patients can make request. And request is like law, so I have machines beeping twice all night."

"I don't think it'll beep again," I said meekly.

She went to the computer and tapped away at it with two lightning fast fingers. "You ready for tomorrow, Mister Drazen?"

"Like any other day in paradise, Irene."

She took his blood pressure and I sat by and held his other hand. "What's tomorrow?" I whispered.

"Wednesday," he whispered back.

Irene snapped the belt off his arm. "Okay," she said, tapping his IV bags. "You're fine." She looked at me over her plastic trifocals. "You be a good girl."

"Yes, Ma'am."

She scuttled out.

"I love how it was my fault," I said.

Jonathan shrugged and held his left hand out. His left side was the side without IVs or tubes, and it was the side I'd slept on since the third night of his stay. I slipped onto the mattress next to him. I couldn't move much on my slice of bed, but I didn't want to. He turned the light out and I rested my head on his shoulder.

"I'm selling my house," he said.

"Why?"

"I bought it with Jessica. It's not relevant any more."

"I have some nice memories of that house."

Curled up against him, I could feel his smile in the dark. "Me too," he said, voice heavy with those same memories. "We'll make new ones somewhere else."

"Where were you thinking?"

"I don't know. Where would you like to go?"

The machines whispered dreams of a future I'd given little thought to, blinking lights of hope and trepidation.

"I live in Echo Park. If you stayed close, I'd like that."

"I'll stay in the basin. More or less. Not the west side. Too many people I know. And it's far from you." He turned his head, pressing his lips to my hair.

I didn't think he could get up and walk me down the hall without collapsing, but he still managed to make me feel protected. That hospital room, that bed, his body next to mine, had become my world in the previous week. I came at night and when he turned the light off, he was my beautiful, healthy Jonathan again, and I his goddess. The troubles of the day melted away. In that dark room, with only the light pollution of Los Angeles coming in through the windows, he told me about a losing game he'd pitched at Penn, walking in home a run in the ninth. He told me about the out of control years before his suicide attempt, he and his friends drifting their cars on rainy nights in the Valley, breaking onto schooners on the piers of Seal Beach; and Westonwood, where he got into a fistfight over a French fry his first night and, over the course of the next months, learned to maintain the tight control over himself he exhibited to that very day.

I exchanged stories of my father, who couldn't play a note, but who made sure I had everything I needed to make music; his gardening, his lust for life, and my mother.

"Why don't you talk to her?" he'd asked.

"She doesn't approve of me, and I won't change into something I'm not to please her."

"You live in her house. You could say hello."

"It was by default. I was already there when she called Kevin a seducer and a slimeball. I just kept paying the rent and she kept cashing the checks."

"It's unlike you to be so passive."

Every word expressed in that bed was said and heard without judgment, an unspoken rule that I'd been able to obey without trouble, until Jonathan implied I should see my mother. He'd felt me stiffen, and tightened his arm around me.

"It's true," he'd said. Back then, a few days before, his voice had been weak and breathy. He'd had oxygen tubes in his nose, and talking was difficult.

He sounded so much better now. Almost like his old self. Soon, they'd give him the surgery he needed, and he'd walk out with a healthy heart. I could go back to work. He'd f**k me blind as often as I let him. All this would be over.

CHAPTER 4.

MONICA

Another nurse came at the 2am shift change to kick me out. She took Jonathan's blood pressure and tapped on the computer. This happened every night, as if he didn't need a full night's rest. I slid off the bed, kissed him goodbye and left.

My studio time started at 11am, and I wanted to be fresh. I tried to pick up another hour of sleep, but succeeded in two things. Worrying about Jonathan's arrhythmia, which would postpone his graft yet again, and thinking of new ways to add percussion to Collared, which needed some kind of thump with the stringed hum.

So freshness was a fail, but punctuality didn't have to be. I decided to conserve the gas in the car by getting ready early and taking the bus to the studio. This would have been considered a major faux pas, unheard of, even shocking by most of my friends. One simply didn't take the bus.

But it was a straight shot across Sunset, and I found looking out the window while someone else drove meditative enough to make it worth my while, and it wasn't rush hour, so I wouldn't be late. I didn't need to bring anything but my vocal chords and my viola, so I didn't need to lug instruments in the trunk. Just me, and my thoughts, and Los Angeles lumbering by my window.

I was imagining Jonathan naked, and tapping my thumb to a song without words, the tempo an expression of his curves and edges, the notes colored by the flavors of his skin, the dynamics became his voice when he commanded me for his pleasure. My mind curled into itself, conjuring a song from his body as the bus lurched and heaved to its own time, drawing me to a state of melancholy contentment.

The phone rang. I considered letting it vibrate my hip until it went to voice mail, but it kept ringing, and the protective coil around my song shattered, leaving me with the music, but not the mood. Might as well answer.

It was Margie. Up until the day before, I didn't know if she was calling about my contract with Carnival, or Jonathan. I spoke to her more than I spoke to myself.

"Hi," I said.

"Where are you?"

"Santa Monica and Canon."

"I'm sorry." Her voice was taut. "Did you guys discuss you not coming or something?"

"No?" I sat upright. "What's going on?"

"He's in surgery today and I thought you might want to be here when he got out. Unless something changed with you two."

"No!"

Fuck. I rang the bell to get off at the next stop. If I picked up a connection, I could make it in an hour.

"What was that?" Margie asked. "Are you on the bus?"

I anticipated a full-on shitstorm. In my haste to get off the bus, I dropped the viola case and it popped open next to the driver, who yelled at me, leaving me to scramble to get it together before it got stepped on, while the phone was pressed between my jaw and shoulder. I didn't have a free hand to pick it up, so I had to listen to Margie have a fit over my location and circumstance, which irritated me enough to shoot back at her. "Parking is fifteen dollars and it's permit parking on the street over there at this hour and I don't need to blow gas money when the bus is fine."

The bus dumped me in front of the Beverly Hills Police station. I headed across Santa Monica, scuttling to make the light.

"Wait," Margie said, and I immediately regretted blowing off steam at her. "Did you know about the graft or not?"

"I was on my way to the studio, but I can make it there in an hour if I get the Rapid at Beverly."

"Stay where you are. Lil is coming for you."

CHAPTER 5.

MONICA

I sat in the back of the Bentley, wanting to absolutely die. The idea of being in the studio when Jonathan got out of surgery was unacceptable, yet the thought of not showing up to sing for any sickness besides my own seemed ridiculous. This was going to cost Carnival a fortune. Everyone would have to be paid. An orchestra full of people. Assistants. Session guys. Whatever executive felt like showing up to see Miss Taking-The-Bus cut her debut EP. I was a complete career f**kup. Who would set up another session for this bullshit?

Margie met me in the hallway as soon as I got out of the elevator.

"They just wheeled him into the OR and he didn't ask for you which tells me he knew you weren't coming." She walked me down the empty corridor.

"I told him I was laying something down for Carnival Records this afternoon. If he told me his graft was today, he knew I'd cancel."

"Is it important? The studio thing?"

"Not as important as being here."

"Spare us the emotional comparisons." Her impatience must have been a sign of how tightly wound she was. Her words were clipped and her intent unmistakable. I felt compelled to give her any answer she asked for. She must have been a magician in a courtroom.

"It's going to make my career," I said. "But not today."

"First of all, you don't ask my brother ever again about his condition. He's a notorious liar of convenience."

"No shit."

"Secondly," she stopped and stood in front of me. "How broke are you?"

"I'm fine."

"You two are so sweet together. Really. He lies so you go to the studio, and you omit your destitution so he won't worry about you. It breaks my f**king heart to see this level of well-meaning duplicity."

We stared at each other for what seemed like a minute and a half. She had that Drazen thing where she looked perfectly put together even though I knew that between her family and her work she was getting eaten alive. Her hair sat up in a copper bun, her skin was luminescent and her lavender business suit looked like it should still be in the dry cleaning bag.

"How broke?" Margie asked.

I took a deep breath. I didn't want to tell her. It was shameful, but I couldn't avoid it any longer.

"I haven't had a roommate in months. I haven't worked since before I left for Vancouver. I bought clothes I shouldn't have. I fixed a car I didn't need to. Here I am."

"Is he not taking care of you?"

"I'm not his whore." I said it in a sotto whisper, but it seemed to amplify and echo against the hard walls and floor. Margie took me by the bicep and pulled me into an empty room. I followed because I didn't want to make a scene, but by the time she closed the door, I was livid.

"Is bossiness a Drazen thing?" I said.

She held her finger up. "Don't you posture with me. No one who ever saw you together would call you his whore. So stop it. How much do you need?"

I held my hands up. Taking gifts from Jonathan was one thing, having his sister write me a check was viscerally offensive.

"I'll figure it out."

"How?" she asked. "What's your plan to stay with him and go to work at the same time?"

I didn't have one, except closing my eyes and hoping I'd wake up at the end of it with a healthy Jonathan and an undamaged career. The signs did not appear to be in my favor. As a matter of fact, I was pretty sure I'd wind up unemployed, ten pounds lighter, and evicted by my own mother. In addition, my EP wouldn't get cut and I'd have a reputation as a flake.

"I'm going to be there for him," I said. "If it makes me broke and ruins my career, that's the deal. And I'm not taking a dime from you or anyone else. If you have a problem with that, you can take it up with him when he comes around."

"You're a real pain in the ass."

"Can I have a roll call?" I leaned on the foot of the empty bed.

"Theresa's calling but she can't come in. Deirdre's in chapel. Leanne is here but running off to some Asia backwater in three minutes. Fiona's in and out with her entourage. Sheila's ripping paper. Carrie's still not coming."

"And your mother?"

"Fully medicated. I spoke to her."

I nodded. Margie and her mother had a sisterly relationship from what I could see, considering the elder Drazen was only fifteen and a half years older. "I spoke to her" meant Margie had reprimanded her own mother over her treatment of me, which included stone cold silences, saccharine kindness and blatant disregard when she was tired.

"Will she ever say more than two words to me?"

"She and Deirdre love Jessica. That's not going to change."

"I don't expect it to."

"Good. There's something else." She glanced to the door as if making sure it was still closed. "Jonathan hasn't spoken to our father in fifteen years. He's here. You might not see him, he and Mom are on the outs, but he's in the building. If he meets you, whatever he tells you, grain of salt, okay?"

"I don't know what he'd have to lie to me about."

"He'd say something just to see how you react. My brother thinks it's evil. I think it's just a shitty hobby."

"Can we go?" I collected my things and stood up straight, ready for the door.

"I'm not done. About the money."

"You're done."

CHAPTER 6.

JONATHAN

When I first felt like I was dying, I stood in a doorway at the LA Mod for half an hour, trying to get control of the tightness in my chest. I focused on my breathing, sat down, tried to think about anything else, but it kept getting worse, and I kept sitting there, thinking I had to get to Monica before my father did, and I really started panicking.

It all tumbled down from there, to that ridiculously long hospital stay, to getting wheeled into an operating room for surgery at 32. When I woke up, I had the feeling something had gone terribly wrong.

I swam to consciousness feeling like I was being choked. I panicked the same panic I felt in that doorway. I couldn't control anything, my sensations, my body, my thoughts. I couldn't see clearly. I couldn't move my arms. I was bound like a prisoner. My voice was dead. My face itched. Was I warned it would feel like this?

Or was I dead and in the hell of everything I've ever done to every woman I've tied down and f**ked? I thought of Dante, his hells being the excess of our desires, and in the deepest circles, the pain of our victims. Here I was. Fuck. I was terrified, and for eternity, I didn't think I could stand it. This blackness. The crippling paralysis. No control. Utter submission to emptiness. And my throat. I was breathing, but the pressure on my throat was enormous. I'd never choked a sex partner, because I never believed I'd be able to control the results. How could my hell include this? I never believed life was fair, but was God this unjust?

"Jonathan."

A voice. Female. I recognized it as Sheila's. She always had a way about her, like she gave birth to the world and loved it to maturity, even when her words cut deep and rage twisted her mouth.

I realized I could open my eyes if I chose to. The whisper and beep of machines broke the silence of my anxiety.

Okay. Not hell. Not dead. But the choking feeling was real, and I started to panic again.

Sheila's face blocked out the light. "You're intubated. The machine is breathing for you. Keep still. It's okay."

I chose to believe her. And I waited. It was five minutes to three. I couldn't speak to ask her to unbind my wrists, so I stared at the clock for five minutes, and when the hands met, I closed my eyes and imagined I could lift my arm and touch my lips.

CHAPTER 7.

MONICA

Three pm came unexpectedly. I figured it would, since I was supposed to be in the studio, so I'd set my phone alarm to remind me. It dinged in my ear as I listened to Eddie launch into a diatribe. I closed my eyes, shut out Eddie's aggravation, and touched my lips, thinking of nothing but Jonathan. The warmth in my chest and the smile on my face didn't last.

"Are you f**king with me?" his voice was tight enough to shatter my reverie.

"He's your friend too. It's not like you can pretend to think I'm lying." I was in the third floor stairwell, avoiding the mob scene in the waiting room. It was nice that Jonathan had so many family members care about him, it was also so overwhelming I took a phone call on the emergency stairs.

"We got the contract signed in a week," he said.

"I know."

The fourth floor door smacked open and Leanne Drazen tore down the stairs. Theresa's Irish twin, she was two years and ten months older than Jonathan, but she looked and acted like she was in her mid twenties. A tote bag flew behind her, and her red cowboy boots clopped down the steps. She was otherwise tattered and slovenly, strawberry blonde hair falling out of a ponytail and her bag open.

"That's f**king unheard of," Eddie said. "And we had to send twenty-two people home. Do you know what we paid to get them in there on two day's notice?"

"No."

Leanne grabbed the bannister and swung around, inertia and centripetal force taking her to the top of the next set of stairs. She grabbed my shoulders and said, "he's out!"

I put my hand over the receiver.

"A f**king lot," Eddie said into my ear.

"How does he look?" I whispered to Leanne.

She put her thumb up and smiled, then took off down the stairs with a wave. Sweet girl. Too bad she was never around.

"I have to be here, Ed," I said as I bounded up to the fourth floor.

"I'm not saying I don't understand. I was at the show. I saw it. What I'm saying is, I don't know if I can herd these cats again."

"Tell me what hoop I have to jump through to get a reschedule and I'll jump it." I strode through the waiting room, past two sisters and a mother. Margie indicated a room at the end and I went in. Sheila was with him, the most vulnerable-seeming of the bunch. With wild wheaten hair and four children born close together, she was the one most visibly upset about her brother.

"When can you do it?"

Margie yanked me into a recovery room that looked like all the others. Jonathan was there, lying on his back arms on top of the blankets and tubes everywhere.

"Next week. I think he's going to be better."

"I need a guarantee."

I touched his arm, and he opened his eyes. When he saw me, he winked.

"Guaranteed," I said and hung up the phone.

"Well?" I said to Sheila, "It went okay?"

"Yeah. They just pulled a tube out of his throat and unstrapped him."

Jonathan picked his hand up and flicked his fingers to Sheila. The international sign for shoo. She started to object but Margie grabbed her arm. "Come on. The kids need you."

"Onna has them."

Margie pulled her out, but Eileen, Jonathan's mother strode in.

"Ma," Margie said. "You were just here." But Eileen ignored her.

"Jon," she said, standing over him. "How are you feeling?"

"Tired."

"Should we go?" She put her hand on my arm, as if I was going out with her.

"Yes. I mean, let me talk to Monica for a minute."

She smiled, the biggest, fakest thing I have ever seen in my life. "Of course."

"Oh, ma?"

"Yes?"

"Spot for Christmas Eve." He pointed to me. "Okay? Don't forget."

"Of course," Eileen said, then looked to me. "You're free?"

"You bet," I put on my customer service smile. Once she was out I sat next to him. I didn't say anything, but somehow he intuited what I was thinking.

"That's just how she is."

He looked as pale as death, and his body was flat under the sheets as if he could have just sunk into them. And his face. His face looked slack, inactive. His eyes were unfocused and the lids didn't want to stay open. This wasn't Jonathan. This was some other, powerless man who didn't yank my head back by the hair as he pounded me from behind, or f**k me in such a slow and controlled way I felt every inch of my orgasm. This wasn't the man whose name I'd cried into the night; the man to whom I entrusted control, to whose dominance I submitted. This was another man entirely, and I loved him.

I took his hand.

"You look like shit," I said.

"You look like an angel." His voice crunched like gravel under a tire.

"I should tie your elbows behind your back with a belt and spank you until you scream. To get your voice back. Works every time."

A smile curled the side of his mouth.

"A week," he croaked so low I had to put my ear to his mouth to hear him. "I'm going to do unspeakable things to your body."

"Really?" I kept my face to his and my voice low. "Like what?"

I realized I'd asked too much of him when he licked his lips, paused, and said, "Secret."

He'd love to tell me, I knew that, but between having his chest cracked open and the tube down his throat, it probably hurt to speak.

"I know already," I said. He raised an eyebrow. "I can read your mind."

"Not this. It's filthy."

I reached over until my body bridged his and touched his ear with my lips. "The great and powerful Madame Monica will predict the future with utmost certainty. Are you ready to hear your destiny, young man?" I looked into his eyes so closely I could see the blue flecks.

"What's this gonna cost me?"

"Everything."

"Worth it."

We are in your house. The living room. I'm naked from the waist up, and you're in jeans and a polo shirt. You're looking at me like you want to eat me alive, but you're not. Yet. You're waiting. You're thinking. You're constructing the next minutes of my life like a movie director blocks a scene.

You tell me to take my pants off, and I do. You watch. You like my body. The way my br**sts hang when I bend over to release my feet. My ass when I bend at the waist.

When I step out of my jeans fully, you step toward me in your bare feet. I look nervous. You tell me to stop my hands from twitching, and when I cast my eyes down and say 'yes, sir' you can feel the power surge in you, that everything's under control. Everything's going to be all right, unless it's not. What you have planned can go terribly wrong. The worry bothers you.

You ask me my safeword, and I tell you to shut up and f**k me.

'Oh Goddess,' you say. Then you take the hair at the back of my neck and pull until I'm looking at the ceiling. My lips part, and I sigh.

'Say it. Or you can put those jeans back on and go home.'

I mouth the word tangerine, but don't use my voice.

You look down at me and you say, 'say it.'

I whisper it so softly you can barely hear it.

You spin me around and shove me into the kitchen. I start to turn back to you but you bend me over the butcher block. You are sharp and violent, and when you see me cringe, your dick gets hard. You want to see me scream. You need it.

You.

Need.

It.

Your dick is out, a throbbing piece of meat aimed between my legs. There's wetness emanating from me. It would slide in so easy. You'd be sucked into my cunt so fast and you'd forget everything.

'Say it or you go home.' You feel me quiver under you. You think you might just have me put my jeans on and leave. That would be the right punishment for making you uneasy. You slap my ass, and I yelp as if I didn't expect it. Your hand stings, and you're poised to do it again, when I speak up.

'Tangerine.'

The word is barely out of my mouth and you're f**king me, pressing my cheek to the butcher block. Thrust after thrust...you know you're pushing the countertop against the sensitive part of my hip. I'm yours to hurt, and you know it. The things on the counter rattle as you f**k me. Salt and pepper grinders. A canister of utensils. Fancy bottles of condiments. You pull my ass cheeks apart with your free hand so you can go deeper, gripping hard enough to bruise, watching how your fingers indent my skin. My feet come off the floor, you're pounding me so hard. I gasp and grunt.

You take a bottle of olive oil and smack it against the edge of the counter, breaking the neck. I'm startled, but you push my head down hard. The glass is everywhere. Oil splashes on the floor.

You run your hand down my back as you f**k me. The broken bottle is in your other hand. Slowly, you pour it on my back. You rub it all over me, then pour more, until a river of it falls into the crack of my ass, and you feel it on your cock. You pull it out, then slide it in again. Hard. Once. Twice. Olive oil coats us. You slap my butt again and again. I cry out in pleasure, your name on my lips.

Then without breaking your rhythm, you jam your c**k in my ass.

I scream.

You're halfway in and you feel two things at once. You are incredibly aroused. Aroused enough to lose control. One second more. But there's also the worry that in losing control you'll hurt me.

You ask me how I am.

I say through my teeth, 'Is that all you got, Drazen?'

My face is red. My fingers are clutching the edge of the butcher block. You put the bottle down and take my jaw in your hand, turning it until I'm facing you, and you bend until you're so close you can smell green tea on my breath.

Then you push the rest of the way into me, the skin of your dick sliding against the olive oil, stretching me without friction as a barrier.

I grunt. You know it hurts, you see it in my eyes. But you don't stop. You whisper words of encouragement, pulling out, then slamming into me. We're mouth to mouth as I whimper and you f**k my ass. Sliding in and out with the olive oil. Balls deep. I'm tight. You're getting squeezed. I'm getting ripped apart.

But my whimpering is turning into gasps and moans. I'm looking at you now with something besides agony. You go faster, pounding. Pushing deeper with every stroke.

You pull me up, until we're both standing. You slide your hand across my br**sts and down my stomach. There's oil everywhere. Your fingers go between my legs. They find my clit right away. Soaking. It's hard to the touch. When you circle it, you slow your thrusts. You slip it over, reaching for my hole. Then drag four fingers over my clit. You do this over and over, until I beg.

'Let me come. Please.'

You want me to come while you're in my ass. You want me to want it after it hurts me. That's the victory, to have us both love my pain.

I'm whispering 'please' repeatedly, like a chant. Your fingers move in the same circles. You have me at the edge. You own me. 'Please, please, please, please.'

You say, 'Come."

I thrust my hips into you, burying you in me. There's a moment of nothing, then you feel my orgasm on your dick, pulsing around you. Gripping you. Milking your c**k until the fullness in you is too much to bear, and you have to let it go. You slam into me and come. You lose control, forgetting your hand is gripping my cunt. You bite my shoulder, and I scream for the second time. You lose yourself. You forget everything.

CHAPTER 8.

JONATHAN

I feel her.

We speak. I want to possess her, but I can't find the strength to move my arms. I smell her canned peaches scent and hear the warm caramel of her voice. I answer her in short sentences, because I feel like I gulped a handful of driveway and forgot how to swallow.

She taps my arm as she describes what I'm going to do to her. I think, even in my state, I get hard, because it's an epic f**k from her sweet mouth. I don't even know if she notices it, but with that tapping finger, she's keeping a rhythm as she tells the story, and I strain to listen as unconsciousness tries to invade again. I hear her words, but what I feel when she talks about me hurting her, is the connection created when her pain turns to pleasure, and she is under me, a piece of the world I control completely, for a moment in time.

"You're good at this," I said. "I'm taking mental notes."

"When did the doctor say you could enslave me again?"

"As soon as I was up to it."

"I predict, day after tomorrow."

"You're selling me short."

"I'll be at your service tomorrow, if you want. But you're in here for five days, and you need to be alone tonight."

I grumbled deep in my throat. She was right, of course. The drugs hadn't even worn off. I had no idea how I was going to feel about sex once the pain kicked in, all I knew was, I wanted to be inside her.

"Go sleep in your bed tonight, then."

"If I'm up at 3am, I'll think of you." She stood straight and got her bag. "Actually, if I'm awake any time, I'll think of you."

She leaned down to kiss me, and I touched her lips.

CHAPTER 9.

MONICA

On my way out, a song hit me. I ran into the cafeteria to write it down. I texted Lil and asked her to meet me out front in fifteen minutes and got myself tea.

I'd been in that f**king hospital forever. What looked sparkling clean in every corner the first day, looked dingy, dirty, and worthless on day four. I could spot the black scratches on the pink cafeteria tabletops instantly and the little dust bombs sticking to the legs of the chairs. I hated the tea. It was too hot, the Styrofoam on my tongue made the liquid acerbic, and Jonathan was sick. I hated the greasy eggs and potatoes. Hated the stink of vinegar that seemed to be on everything. I hated being kicked out of Jonathan's room because there were too many people in it.

But on the day of the surgery, the cafeteria sparkled again. The Christmas lights were the most cheerful shades, the tinsel and garland festive and joyous, and the fake tree in the corner, with toys for sick kids under it, made my heart swell with pride for human generosity.

My god, what do you get a man like Jonathan for Christmas?

I got into the chair I always sat in and took out my little notebook and clicky pencil. Everything about this had sucked, but I was writing. A lot. I didn't even know if half of them were songs, or opera, or part of something so much bigger, but I couldn't stop the verses or the tapping of my foot as I laid them down. In the days I'd been at the hospital, waiting for the hours I could see Jonathan, my tea usually went cold before I gulped it down.

I moved the Notice of Public Auction to the front of my notebook, so it wouldn't be in my way, and began writing. Another Styrofoam cup appeared at my side when I was still neck deep in a song about an imaginary ass-fuck that was disguised as a poem about something else entirely. I looked up at a man, six foot four, sixties in a movie-star kind of way. He smiled at me.

"We meet again."

"I'm sorry?"

He held out his hand, and I knew that even though I didn't know him, I did.

"My daughter told me my son's girlfriend was often down here. I thought it might be you."

J. Declan. Shit. Jonathan wouldn't like me here. And just when I was getting used to that hateful table.

I shook his hand briefly, then stood. "Yeah. I was just going."

He sat down. "Looks like you were in the middle of something. Can you just ignore me? There are no other seats."

I looked around. Every other table was full. I was a single person taking up a four-seater. In the middle of writing, I hadn't even noticed.

"I'll make room for the rest of the family."

He laughed to himself. A silent chuckle. No more than a breath.

"What?"

"If my boy is the sun, I'm Pluto. Smallest. Farthest. Still in orbit, however. Have you seen him?"

"Yes."

"How does he seem?"

"The same."

"And his mood?"

"Hard to tell through the wisecracks."

He nodded, looking into the cafeteria. Kids screamed. Mothers yelled. A mop slapped against the edge of a yellow bucket. To our right, a man wept while a much younger woman comforted him. I glanced at Declan. He looked far away, and I felt sorry for him.

"You should talk to him," I said as I stood up. I hadn't seen the outside world in too many hours, and Lil would be outside in a red zone in four minutes.

"I should." He said in such a way as to imply that he would if it were an option. I wanted to say more, but I remembered what Jonathan had told me, and what Margie had said about his shitty hobbies, so I excused myself and went home to try and manage my life.

CHAPTER 10.

MONICA

It was night by the time the Bentley made its way slowly down my hill. I'd called Debbie from the back to let her know Jonathan was okay, and told her if any shifts opened up I'd fill in. Then left a message with Darren, who had offered me the moon and stars, the food in his kitchen, the gas in his car and the surface area of his shoulder, should I need it. But unless I asked for something specific, or called during an unpredictable sliver of time, he was unavailable. I had no idea what he was doing, but when I did catch him long enough to ask after him, his "fines" and "greats" seemed sincere. So I left him alone.

"What time you going in tomorrow, Miss?" asked Lil as she opened the back door for me.

"I'm hoping for an afternoon shift," I said. "Can I call you?"

"I expect you to." She stepped aside as I got out. "I mean it. I don't mean to be disrespectful, but it's my job to drive. I don't want to hear about you taking the bus again."

She slammed the door.

"I'm a poor girl. It's not a big deal to take the bus."

"To me it is. No more." She wagged her finger once and walked around to her side. When she opened her door, she waved, dismissing me.

I fingered the extra bus token in my pocket and went through my gate and ascended my porch steps. There was no notice on the door this time, which reminded me that I hadn't heard from Mom. I checked my phone. Nope. Nothing.

"Hey, Monica." It was Dr. Thorensen calling over the fence.

"Hi."

"You all right?" He blooped his car. The lights flashed.

"Sure."

"Because you're standing on your porch staring at your phone. Is your boyfriend all right? Did the surgery go okay?"

"Yeah."

He didn't move, just looked at me for a second under my shitty porch light, which would be auctioned off with the rest of my house. Except my stuff. The bank couldn't auction what was mine. I'd take the light bulbs, the furniture, the fixtures and anything that could be unscrewed, unbolted or pulled off.

"Dad's tangerine tree." I said it out loud. I didn't mean to do that.

"Excuse me?" Dr. Thorensen asked. He hadn't gone away.

"Nothing. Just thinking out loud." I snapped my keys out of their little pocket.

"Have you eaten?"

I didn't expect an actual question, so I answered honestly. "No."

"I have some pad thai from last night. It reheats like a solid brick and I don't want to suffer alone."

I wanted to slip in during the dead after hours and fall asleep next to Jonathan again, but if there was one night I should let him rest, that was probably it. A twisting disappointment pinched my chest when I realized I wouldn't go see him, and I'd have to sleep alone in my stupid shit bed.

But though I could be lonely, and depressed and worried, and though I could be broke and uncharacteristically irresponsible, I didn't have to be hungry.

"How are you reheating it?" I asked.

"I put the cardboard box in the microwave. It ain't open heart surgery."

"You have to heat it covered with a little water." I put my keys back in my bag, glad to be of use to someone. "A glass container is best. Let me show you."

CHAPTER 11.

MONICA

"Magic" was too mild a word for City of Dis as Dr. Brad Thorensen played it. Extreme might be better. Intense. Powerful.

The idea was, you are in hell. Not just a block character of pixels. Not some person you made up from die rolls and categories, but...you.

Meaning, you create a character based on yourself. Plenty of people created characters whole cloth, but the point of the thing was to create your own personal self and send it through hell. You struggle to exit each circle, but you know the next one will be worse, that the stakes will be higher, and your missions harder. This being the case, when you stop, you have found your sin. Your flaw. You have discovered the thing about yourself that will send you to into the inferno.

It started with a fifteen minute questionnaire. That's how long it took. Except it should have been a two hour questionnaire. It should have required thought and rumination, deeply personal questions had to be answered so quickly there wasn't a second to think twice.

Dr. Thorensen taught me how to use the controllers, then went to reheat the pad thai as I instructed.

Then it started. The basics, gender, age, education, family structure, came slowly. Then it started. Multiple choice. Choose the closest answer. Rapid fire.

-do you cook your own dinner how long does it take you to eat it how long do you chat with friends after dinner do you have a mirror in your room do you wear makeup every day is your nose big are you fat do you have enough money how much does a pound of feathers weigh where was your car made price of the most expensive bag you ever bought if you found a wallet what would you do someone hits your car on the freeway what do you do how often do you shop do you reconcile your checkbook does your thumb hurt right now how many cups of coffee or tea do you drink a day how many moving violations have you gotten what color is the red hat when was your last felony arrest did your parents spank you are you worthless what is your political affiliation do you believe in legal abortion are you on birth control how many sexual partners have you had this month how much is too much are you hungry right now do you own a firearm are people are generally bad or generally good what time do you eat dinner what time do you go to bed do you dream-

::-PLEASE BE PATIENT WHILE WE CREATE YOUR AVATAR-::

"It'll take a few minutes," Dr. Thorensen said.

"I need a nap after that."

"You walked in here looking like you needed a nap."

He put down two plates of moist, hot delicious pad thai that had been reheated to perfection. I felt a mentally overwhelming need to eat it. I sat at the kitchen bar and placed the napkin over my knee. When was the last time I'd eaten a hot meal? Days ago? I was taking these noodles slow. I was going to make love to each one like it was the first time.

"I'll try not to be offended," I said. He offered chopsticks and a fork. I could use chopsticks fine, but my hands had started shaking, so I took the fork.

"In my line of work, I see a lot of people who don't take care of themselves when a loved one is sick."

He said it in a doctor voice, as if it was a professional opinion, and thus something that could not cause offense. I wondered what it would be like to date a doctor and deal with that voice all the time. Did he use it when he wanted to tell a woman she needed to pay attention to his feelings, or she shouldn't rehearse on Tuesday nights? Was he a professional when complaining about the in-laws?

"Yeah, well," I said, spooling a single noodle onto my fork, "he's going to be out soon, and then I'm going to be fat and happy."

"I peeked in on his surgery. Everything seemed to be going fine. He's young. You guys are going to be tooling around in your new Jaguar in no time."

I think I turned a little red. "I just want to get back to work. One, they feed us. Nothing like a free lunch."

"He doesn't take care of you?"

I must have burned black, smoking holes in his face, because he pursed his lips shut and looked down at his plate as if he'd just stepped in my personal daisy patch.

"I will allow you to take that back," I said. "A show of gratitude for the thai."

He laughed, and it didn't sound professional. Thank god. "I'm sorry. I take it back. I shouldn't have assumed."

"Got that right, doctor."

"Brad."

"Fine."

A singsong bell rang from the stereo speakers. Naturally, an audio monolith had been connected to the system to make City of Dis a three dimensional aural experience.

"Your avatar's ready," Brad said. "I'm dying of curiosity."

I swallowed the last noodle and bean sprout, and went to find out who the game thought I was.

CHAPTER 12.

MONICA

I pulled a last-minute brunch shift, which was such a relief I think I giggled all the way through it. I'd played City of Dis with Brad until midnight, so I was tired, which made my punchier. The game was all-encompassing. He'd started me on the eighth circle, where he was, and we could cycle around to see if I'd get caught in the trap of my own invisible sins. We solved puzzles, interacted with hellions, eaten virtual food and imbibed radioactive-colored drinks that made the screens blurry and shaky. The game was alternately frightening, sweet, intense, dramatic and funny. I actually forgot about Jonathan for seconds at a time.

The call from Debbie in the morning was like the clouds opening up to heavenly light. I texted Margie that I wouldn't be in to see Jonathan until after my shift. She responded right away.

-He looks better. Already demanding your presence. I told him to hold his horses.-

-Do NOT tell him I need the money you'll give him another heart attack-

At break time, I rummaged through my bag for my phone and found my mother had called me back. Funny how I'd decided to forget all about that. Not funny ha-ha funny, but funny you-are-a-pussy funny. I had ten minutes left of break, which meant there was a time limit to how long this pain could last.

I stood in front of my locker and dialed my mother's number. Eight minutes of break left.

"Hello?" Amazing how her voice could sound so familiar and so strange at the same time.

"Hi, Mom. It's me. I've been calling."

"Are you all right?"

She broadcast panic, and the rawness of her emotion sent a welling in my chest and brought moisture to my eyes. I hadn't shed a tear of stress or worry over Jonathan because I wanted to be strong. I didn't want to show weakness in front of his family. They were all so freaking stoic. But with my mother's tone of voice telling me that Hi, Mom. It's me, was enough to panic her, I almost lost my shit.

And I remembered my Mom then. The things that put me over the edge. The drama. The constant, overwhelming emotional storms. It was one such storm that had led her to fling names at Kevin and me, sending me out the door permanently, with my viola forgotten in his trunk.

"I'm fine. I'm sorry I missed the rent twice."

Silence.

"Mom?"

Sigh.

"I got an auction notice on the door."

"Oh, I've been meaning to call you." I heard the rustle of sheets on the other side of the line. I looked at my watch. It was noon and to all indications, she was still in bed. Fuck. "It wasn't just that. There were other things. I talked to the bank. They don't care about your problems. All they care about is money."

"They're banks, Mom." I rubbed my eyes. "How long has it been since you paid the mortgage?"

"Oh, I don't know. I should ask how you are."

"It's complicated. I have only a minute left. What should I do about the auction? Should I move?"

"If you want."

"Ok, then. I'd better get going."

"Can you come up some time? I'd like to see you."

I cringed. I didn't want to see her. In one sense, I knew something bad was going on out there, and whether I'd spoken to her in years or not, I was obligated to at least figure out why she wasn't paying the mortgage. But another responsibility was the last thing I needed.

"Sure." I tried to remove the dread from my voice.

"I'm free most days. Today, even."

"I'll let you know."

In typical Los Angeles fashion, I left the call without making any definitive plans.

CHAPTER 13.

MONICA

"I hate you seeing me like this." Jonathan's voice had a little less gravel, but he sounded as if the effort involved in speaking was unbearable.

"Then you shouldn't let me in here." I wasn't allowed to sit on the edge of the bed, so I sat in the chair next to him and put my elbows on the railing.

"I need you. Deal with it."

"Ok, well, I'm not going anywhere."

"You look thinner."

"These are my skinny pants. You like them?" I was sitting. He couldn't even see my pants.

"I can see your cheekbones."

I touched his face, letting my thumb stroke the stubble on his chin, brushing his lip, dry yet yielding under my touch. Was it wrong to want him even there? In that horrible place with him cut open? Was it wrong to want his arms around me when he could barely lift them? I wasn't feeling lustful, but greedy, ravenous, ardent.

He took my hand away and held it. Obviously, he wasn't that weak.

"Let me ask you a question," I said. "If I was in a hospital bed for a week waiting for open heart surgery, how much would you eat? How well would you sleep? I'm not complaining, I'm just saying, don't try and deflect away from what you need by making yourself worry about me. I'm fine."

"When I can get up-"

"You can give me the spanking I so richly deserve. Until then, I'll be the one doing all the legwork around here."

"Tell me about it."

"Oh, I will."

There's a chair in your bedroom.

It has red leather cushions on the seat, back and arms. It looks antique and probably is, now that I'm thinking of it. You tied my ankles to the place where the arms met the seat. You tied me gently, stroking between my thighs, kissing my legs, but in the end, I'm naked and spread eagled, tied to your antique chair. Though your hands were gentle, the binds are tight. I can't move.

Then you tied my hands above my head, looping the leather straps around the sconce above me. You kiss my br**sts until my ni**les are so hard they're the size of dimes. You make sure I feel safe and loved. You don't want me to be scared. I'm not scared. I'm so turned on I'm pretty sure I'd come if you breathed on me.

Then you undress. You do it slowly. Not sexy and camp. But methodical. You put your things away, spend a minute in the bathroom. You don't let me speak. You threaten to gag me if I make another joke. You need control over me. This is how you feel safe.

So I wait. My cunt is getting wetter every second. I feel it dripping down the crack of my ass. Then you're naked, and magnificent. Jonathan, darling you are utterly spectacular. But you don't want to hear that.

You look at me. Your eyes eat me alive. I feel you between my legs, even though you're half a room away. If I could draw you closer with my desire, you'd be on me. I'm hungry for you.

You step toward me and put your hands on the back of the chair, leaning over it. My arms stretch above me. You put the tip of your tongue inside my elbow, then draw your tongue down, until your lips touch my breast. You circle my nipple with your tongue, caressing it with your lips. It's so hard. Pointing up like it wants to be millimeters closer to you. You kiss, making it wet, then release. I feel the cold air on it. It's so sensitive, and you glance up at me like you know it. You suck it again, and release it to the cold.

Then you warm it with your mouth, and you bite.

I arch my back. I thrust my hips into you. I moan your name.

'Behave,' you say, pushing my chin up so I can only see the ceiling. 'Don't move.'

You roll the wet nipple under your fingers, then move to the other and do the same. Suck, release. Suck, release. Suck, bite.

I am on fire.

You kiss my belly, my legs, and I feel your fingers inside my thigh. You're brushing them toward my cunt. It quivers. Then you flick my clit like it's a crumb on your pant leg. You do it hard, and I bite my lip. It stings. Then it fills up with pleasure.

You do it again and again, while kissing inside my thighs. I'm trying not to wiggle, but everything in my body wants to arch toward you. You hurt me with your fingers, then stroke. I burn with the pain, but it only makes the pleasure more unbearable. It's not enough to make me come.

I want to beg, but you told me not to speak.

I'd take you anyway you'd give yourself. I'd have you in my mouth, my ass. I'd crawl on the floor to have you, and to be honest, you're barely even touching me, but you have complete control over me. Just with your fingertips.

And when you draw your tongue over my cunt, my toes, my eyes, my fingernails feel it.

Then you do that thing.

With a flick of your wrist, you undo the knots at my ankles. You stand up and tell me to get my clothes on. We're going out.

"You are f**king with me," he said.

"Turnabout's fair play."

He smiled, then caught his lips between his teeth. "It hurts when I laugh."

"I wasn't joking."

He put his hand on my cheek, brushing the skin. Even sick as he was, the feel of his body on mine was electric.

"Can you stay?"

"I have something to tell you."

"You love me."

"My God, Jonathan. I'm crazy with loving you."

"Feeling's mutual. Now, what were you going to tell me?"

"I need to go see my mother. In Castaic. I'll be back late, but I'll come right here." I wrinkled my nose to let him know it wasn't a vacation away from him or his hospital room.

"Lil can drive you."

"You bought me a car."

"Let me take care of you. You can rest in the back. Put your feet on the seats."

I turned and put my lips to his palm. "Go to sleep, darling."

"It's a long drive."

I kissed his mouth. His lips were dry, but responsive, and his face scratched mine. He put his hands on the sides of my face and pulled me close.

"You trying to shut me up?" he said.

"Yes."

"I hate being like this."

"You can boss me around when you're better."

I put my head on the mattress next to him and he stroked my hair. I watched the clouds move across the sky, humming a tune that may or may not have been Collared. When I knew he was sleeping, I slipped away.

CHAPTER 14.

MONICA

I took a white-knuckled drive up the five freeway, past all signs of civilization, past subdivision after subdivision, up a bifurcated mountain and back down it, the bestfuckingthingever drinking gas like a frat boy at a kegger. Everything was dead, flat, dry. Then it hit. Castaic. Burned dry. All the garage doors faced the street like mouths stretched into a closed grimace, and front yards that had not been flattened by concrete were neglected and brown or tamed and green, with sad blowup snowmen and fat, jolly Santas placed wherever they landed, scorched by the sun, smiling in the unforgiving landscape. Even the mountains ringing the town looked compacted under the weight of the sky.

Or maybe that was just me.

Big girl pants.

Maria Souza-Faulkner had two settings. Park, which meant she was passive, sweet and slept seventeen hours a day, and Fourth Gear, which meant she was in full on rage with an eye to wiping the world of sin. Kevin had suggested she was bipolar. I'd laughed, not because he was so wrong, but because she'd never do something as sensible as see a doctor to figure out why she was crazy. Dad had loved her through all of it, when he was around, so obviously, there was no need to fix what was functioning just fine.

The house, a one story beige box with a two car garage and a front door set back twenty feet behind it, had fallen out of repair. Dad wouldn't have allowed it, and spent his time in the states painting, plastering and gardening. The young citrus he'd planted had a few leaves on the twiggy branches and the front lawn looked like an infield. I didn't know how long she'd been stuck in park, but judging from the look of the place, it had been at least through the beginning of the summer.

My mother answered the door in a long polyester thing that fell over her curves in a way that was modest, but sexual at the same time. Like me, she had a body that was hard to hide, and unlike me, she kept trying. She was a Brazilian beauty my dad had met on some unholy peacetime mission. Five eleven. Early fifties. Darker skin than I'd been given, but the same dark eyes and hair. Catholic as only a South American girl can be. And that was the rub. She believed in the infallibility of the Pope and the virginity of Mary long after anyone else with a brain had moved on.

"Hi, ma."

She hugged me warmly, and after a second, I hugged her back, but she held on longer than I thought she would. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad. We'd just forgive each other. She moved out of the way and I stepped inside.

She saw the car. My immediate reaction was to make excuses for it. It was borrowed. I was returning it. I didn't ask for it. Then I decided to shut up. I didn't come to fight and I didn't come to lie.

She closed the door without saying anything.

The house was hermetically sealed against the desert heat and dust, and the artificially cooled air was stale and thin. Everything was beige. Dad had hated beige, but my mother insisted, and when she insisted, she got what she wanted.

Well, everything permanent was beige. It seemed like whatever had been moved in was a color, and a bright one. African masks and Mexican blankets. A hand-carved teak partition blocked a window draped in Ikat fabric. Stacks of travel books stood in front of the stuffed bookcases. It looked like my mother had gotten the shit stamped out of her passport.

"You came," she said.

"Yeah." The couch had a pillow on one end with a case that matched the bed sheet balled up at the end of it. She was sleeping on it, probably regularly.

"I don't think we can save the house," she said.

I had a speech prepared, so I spit it out. "I didn't come because of the house. It's not that I can't move or get an apartment or whatever. I just find it hard to believe you'd let the place go. I got worried about you."

"Oh, Monya," she said, calling me by my grandmother's name. "All this way for nothing." She put her hand on the doorknob.

This was her. She'd kick me out and waste away rather than admit there was a problem. And though she seemed healthy, if older, I could tell sunshine and butterflies weren't the order of the day.

"Come on, Mom. I'm here. Make me some tea."

Her hand slipped from the knob. She glanced out the window as she turned, to the white Jaguar in the street, as if she didn't trust it and didn't like it. As she walked me to the kitchen, I saw more third world knicknakery, and clean, beige rectangles spotting the walls. It wasn't until she indicated my seat that I realized what those rectangles represented. They were where the pictures of Dad had been.

And as she put a copper pot on the stove and got out a mug with I LOST MY HEART IN BELIZE scripted across it, it all became clear. The tchotchke. The missing pictures of Dad. The depression. The multiple mortgages.

"Still waitressing?" she asked.

"Yep. You still doing the books for the church?"

"What's his name?" she asked, not answering my question. "You didn't buy that car on a waitresses salary."

"I don't make a salary. I make tips." I paused. What kind of answer was that? That was the answer of a woman ashamed of who she was, and I'd given that up. "His name is Jonathan. I hope we're not going to argue about it."

"As long as it's not that other guy. I didn't like him."

"Does yours have a name?"

She didn't answer, just dicked with some floral canisters that may or may not have been full of expired tea.

"Mom, is there anyone out here you can talk to? The priest? Someone in the choir?"

"It's not that easy."

"Is it the rector that dumped you?"

"For the love of all that is holy, Monya. That is-"

"A totally reasonable assumption. Except for the obvious world travel that's happening. You're sleeping until afternoon so I know you're not working for him. You can't talk to anyone, and all your friends are there."

"I don't want to."

The teapot whistled.

"I'll be gone in a few hours. So you might as well tell me."

She put the mug of hot liquid in front of me and left the room. I started to follow, but saw her open a door in the china cabinet and crouch down, rummaging through old dishes and cookbooks, until she came up with a brown paper expanding file.

I sat back down, and she slapped it in front of me.

"This is what you came for. All my paperwork. Take it. No, I don't want to lose the house. I love that house as much as you do. If I didn't love it, I would have sold it and kicked you to the street for being an indolent, disrespectful bitch two years ago."

"Don't hold back, ma. Tell me how you really feel."

She didn't say anything else, but she didn't laugh and forgive me either. That was it. That was what she'd wanted to say. And it wasn't as bad as I'd feared. I didn't get crushed under the weight of her disapproval.

But she was right. Despite my initial protestations, I wanted to save the house. I slid the folder to me.

"I'm sorry about whatever his name is," I said. "It looks like you guys had a good time together."

"I don't want to talk about it."

"Okay."

I unspooled the string from the felt disk and flipped open the envelope.

I don't know anything about finance. Numbers only interested me insofar as they related to sound vibrations, but once I spread the papers across the table and stacked them into a narrative I could get my head around, one thing was abundantly clear.

My mother had blown about three quarters of a million dollars travelling the globe.

The house I lived in had been purchased for 95K in the mid nineties, and paid in full twenty years later with my dad's life insurance. But Echo Park had been in the nascent stages of a renaissance when my parents had bought it, and since then, more and more people like Dr. Thorensen had moved in next to artists, Hispanic families and gang members.

According to a bank located in Colorado, my little house on a hill was worth six hundred and fifty thousand dollars. I knew this, because my mother had cashed out every dime, and then some, piggy backing mortgages and loans. She'd attempted to squeeze almost another hundred grand in equity out of the thing when I'd had those permits opened. As if there were going to be actual improvements.

She'd bailed on her job in February. She'd been at that church since I was in high school, and had a salary good enough to make all her obligations, if barely, but without that job, it all tumbled on her. I imagined the gentleman in question was the cause of her slide.

"You're a goddamn genius, ma."

"Watch your mouth."

"You know you'll never pay this back?"

"They won't miss it. It's a bank."

"It's about four banks. Mom, Christ-"

"Mouth."

"I can't even get my head around what to do." I collected the papers. I wanted to slam and bang them to illustrate my annoyance, but they only made shuffling sounds. "Can you just tell me what happened? Because you didn't raise me to do stuff like this."

She put her fists on her hips. "Like what?"

"Stealing. This is stealing."

"Not if I let them have that house."

"It's not worth seven hundred thousand dollars."

"The appraisers said it was, so it is. That's what things are worth. What experts say they're worth. People like us, we're nothing. Our opinions don't mean anything. And you agree. In your heart you know it. You think the house isn't worth anything because you love it and if you love it, it's garbage right? Well, how much would you pay for it? Huh? How much for your father's trees? How much for the porch your father and I sat on after you were in bed?"

"Mom-"

"How much for the kitchen where I cooked for you? How much for the side door you snuck into after curfew as if I didn't know? Or the bathroom where I miscarried two babies? How much is it worth, Monya? Even that cracked foundation your father promised to fix a hundred times before he shipped himself across the world. That house was where I waited for him. Where he wasn't when I found out I had cancer? How much would a stranger pay for those years? If my life there wasn't worth seven hundred thousand dollars, what was my life worth?"

I couldn't take it any more. Her face was red and strained. Her voice had his a crescendo, and I had been a neglectful, indolent bitch. I bolted up from the chair and put my arms around her and let her cry.

"It's okay, ma. We'll fix it."

"I can't. I tried everything."

"I have friends who are lawyers. I can-"

I could have them look at the paperwork, maybe explain the situation. But I stopped myself. Jonathan was going to offer to buy the house, no doubt, and I didn't want him to. I didn't want to go down a road where he started bailing out my family, then my friends. I didn't want him to trade Jessica's financial distress for mine. I could soothe my mother for the moment, but in the end, we'd have to let the house go. I'd tell Jonathan I was ok with it. Make it out like it wasn't a big deal.

A call came in. Still holding my mother, I slipped the phone out of my pocket. Margie. I missed it by a second and put it back in my pocket while it went to voicemail.

"Let me see what I can do," I said. She sniffed and stood up straight.

"There's nothing to do. I'm sorry you have to move."

"I'll live." I waved it off, but I knew I wasn't convincing. So I changed the subject. "I should have come around sooner."

"Yes. You should have."

"I'm sorry."

A text blooped. My mother and I looked at each other expectantly.

"This the man with the car?" The tone did not bode well for an intelligent conversation. If I had just learned to stop calling myself a whore, my mother hadn't. She was in a depressive phase but that could change on a dime.

"No it's his sister, probably."

I looked. It was a text from Margie, as I expected.

-Where the f**k are you?-

The next one came immediately after.

-He's bleeding into his chest. Bad suture ripped tissue-

It took me sixty seconds to say goodbye to my mother, promise her I'd do my best for her, scoop up the papers, and get in the car.

CHAPTER 15.

MONICA

I texted Margie that I'd be there in two hours. It was getting dark already, and I'd hit Los Angeles right around rush hour, which would literally double the time it would take me to get to Sequoia. The hospital was inside a knot of traffic arteries that made it hard to move toward or away from during peak hours. Either poor planning for the sake of the ambulances and women in labor, but if you wanted a central, urban hospital accessible from the five points of LA, it was prime real estate.

And Jonathan was in the middle of the best cardiac unit in the country, if the internet was to be believed. Whatever happened, I was sure it would be rectified in no time at all. I worried that he might face unpleasantness, and that I wouldn't be there for him. But he'd be fine. I was sure, positive as a matter of fact, that it wasn't a big deal.

I finally got into the waiting room at 7pm, and was redirected to intensive care. I didn't shake, nor did I panic, because in ten years, this was going to be funny.

But when I got to intensive care, it didn't look like anyone was laughing. Fiona blew past me without greeting. Deirdre smiled at me, but she wasn't like the rest of them. She couldn't hide her concern. Sheila, who always came off motherly and kind was talking to Margie like she wanted to bite her head off. Doing my own roll call, I counted off. Carrie not coming. Leanne in Asia. Theresa hadn't been around in days. Eileen stood by Margie, twisting her diamond ring around her finger with her thumb. Her pumps had been traded for sneakers days ago, when her medication had been upped. She waved to me, but didn't call me over.

Margie's presence made me bold. I walked forward.

"This is unacceptable," Sheila spoke in clipped vowels and hard consonants, he finger pointed at Margie's throat. "And you treat it like another day in the park. This hospital f**ked up. They as good as killed him."

I gasped, and the three of them paused, glanced, ignored.

"Thanks for the drama," Margie said to Sheila. "It's exactly what we need."

"You need to start a filing a malpractice suit immediately."

"Like hell."

"You're losing your guts."

"I want us focusing on Jonathan. Not legal battles. Let them do an inquiry-

"And start the cover-up."

"This is not TV-"

"I'll hire my own counsel."

"Exactly what he needs."

"You-"

"I agree with Margie," I said. Six light eyes turned to face me and I got my first ever case of stage fright. "It's going to take years to sue. A week isn't going to make a difference."

Sheila turned her head, but didn't commit the rest of her body to face me. She's been kind to me from the minute I met her, but I had the feeling that was about to change.

"Who are you?" she spit out.

She knew goddamn well who I was. Nobody.

I walked away and wasn't followed. Good. Fucking Drazens, all of them. Except the one.

I didn't know the nurses in the ICU, so I went to the desk and put a harmless look on my face.

"Hi," I said to the dark-skinned woman with an armful of charts. "I'm looking for Jonathan Drazen's room?"

"He's down in x-ray. Come back in an hour."

I had two choices. Go back and try and find out what I needed from the Family Drazen, or wait in the cafeteria until Jonathan came back. I knew Margie would tell me everything once she shook Sheila, and Sheila herself might even calm down enough to be nice to me. But there was no reason I had to stand there and be abused while I waited.

As I walked into the cafeteria, I saw Daddy Drazen sitting with a long-haired man in sandals, who had his two year-old daughter on his knee. The man was talking fast with his head down. Declan leaned into hear, and put his hand on the man's shoulder. He didn't quite seem like a sociopath, which didn't mean much of anything. I wasn't an expert on either Declan or abnormal psychology.

I got in line for a cup of tea. A song percolated in my head. I went to get my notebook, but dig as I might, it wasn't in my bag. I must have left it home. Damn it. I took out a Sharpie and got ready to write it on my arm.

"Monica?"

I heard my name as I spaced out to the music in my head, trying to get words and rhythm to match.

"Dr. Thorensen. I mean, Brad. Hi." He had a white lab coat over his suit, with a nametag clipped to the lapel. "I've never seen you at work before."

"What are you doing down here?"

"Getting something to eat. I just got in."

He took me by the elbow and sat me down at an empty table. We sat knee to knee on the same side of it.

"What?" I said.

"I just had to open a transplant assessment of Mr. Drazen."

I don't know what I must have looked like. Maybe blank, because a sort of vacuity took hold of me, where I expected more information to be poured into my brain. Or maybe I looked puzzled.

"I don't understand. It was a bad suture. I know Sheila's pissed but...."

But I'd assumed she was flying off the handle. But I'd thought he got x-rays all the time. But I thought it was a complication, not ruination. But I was hanging on to my optimism because I missed it.

He glanced around, then back to me.

"Say it," I said. "I don't want to hear it from anyone else."

"It was a suture inside his heart. The tearing's very bad. He's bleeding faster than they can pump it out. If they go in and patch him up...well. They can't. There's no room. And the tear has moved into his left ventricle."

"Are you going to fix it?" I panicked. It was the panic of someone whose anxiety was a show, because I knew everything was going to be okay. For sure, there was an easy fix for all this, and Jonathan and I would laugh about how silly I was to worry so much. I couldn't wait for that laughter. I told the story in my head over an imaginary Thanksgiving dinner, describing the goosebumps on my arms, the dry feeling in my mouth, the sudden breathlessness in my lungs. I'd wax dramatic about holding back tears, and Jonathan would laugh that laugh from deep in his chest, and tears would stream down his own face.

"I don't know," Brad said.

"What do you mean you don't know?"

"We're still doing the assessment. I have a lot of forms to fill out. I have to talk to the rest of the cardiac team. It's tricky."

"What's f**king tricky, Brad? You're either fixing it or you're filling out f**king paperwork."

"Take it easy."

"I'm not taking it easy. I will burn your f**king house down if you don't tell me right now why you ass**les can't fix it immediately."

He took my wrists and held me to a sitting position. I knew he wouldn't have done that unless he knew me, and the privilege of whatever information I'd already gotten was courtesy of a few hours of City of Dis.

"There's a good chance, and I don't know for sure, because I need to review everything with the committee, but I'm pretty sure he'll need a transplant."

"Okay," I said. I breathed, which I'd forgotten to do. That was a thing. It was a course of action. "Then give him one."

"We need a heart, and his blood type? AB negative? It's rare. He needs to get on the list. Monica, I hope I'm wrong. If the surgical team believe they can go back in and fix it, then this whole conversation is moot."

His eyes, deep blue and a little bloodshot, as if he'd been up too many hours, did not waver from mine. He had the confidence of a man who had held a human heart in his hands and made it beat again. A man who had made life and death happen, and for whom Jonathan was just another patient, another puzzle to solve, another career challenge.

I slipped my hands down until I could hold his hands. I squeezed them and closed my eyes.

"I want you to understand something," I said. "That man. He's not some boyfriend in a line of them. He is my alpha and omega. He is the sky over me. Without him, I'm lost. There's no one else, no one whose soul balances mine the way his does. I waited my life for him, and when he came I didn't recognize him. Not until very recently. If I lose him I swear, as God is my witness, I will be alone. No man can match him."

When I opened my eyes, Brad was looking at our clasped hands, head down.

"I didn't know," he said.

"I only live next door."

He looked back up to me. "I'll do my best, Monica. I can't promise anything. If he needs a new heart, I want you to be ready for a rough time. He doesn't have forever to bleed into himself, and healthy hearts don't come all that often. You need to sleep and eat and live your life while you wait."

I smirked. "My life is with him, Brad. That's how I live it. The rest is unnecessary complication." I felt like Jonathan was there with me, having quoted him.

We sat like that for a few seconds, where I tried to transmit my seriousness. It felt good to just sit with someone and be, even if it couldn't last.

His cellphone beeped. He didn't even look at it but let go of my hands.

"That's my office. I have to go."

"Will you let me know?"

"You'll know, Monica. You'll know." He stood. "Just the sleeping and eating. Do those. Okay?"

My tea was cold. My granola bar looked more and more like a slab of pressed shit.

"After I see him. Then I'll go home and go to bed."

He looked at his watch. "Come with me. Hurry."

He waved and walked off, hand feeling into his pocket for his phone before he'd even turned around completely. I scuttled behind.

Examination rooms inside offices inside suites inside wards, around corners and up secret stairs, I followed Brad to x-ray. He spoke to a lady in a pink smock while texting, and Pink Smock gave him the name of yet another space I never would have found on my own, and in that space was a gurney. On it was Jonathan.

I assumed Brad said good-bye, because by the time I was standing over my lover, Brad was gone.

Jonathan was either sleeping or unconscious, pale as death, an altar to IV tower gods. I took his hand, pressing my palm to his. He did not respond. It was just warm enough, which was the only way I knew he wasn't lost. I stayed there until Pink Smock and an orderly came to push him away. I went with them, just to make sure he was okay.

CHAPTER 16.

MONICA

I slept in a random waiting room, despite promising Brad I'd go home. I got up aching everywhere and sat in the cafeteria, writing a song on a napkin. Something moved on the table. I snapped out of it. My notebook, with the NOPA inside was being slid toward me. Declan stood over the table.

"I thought you might want this," he said. "You left it here the other day."

"Thanks." I stuffed it in my bag. "You're like a regular here, these days. Piece of furniture."

"Like fiberglass and cheap chrome?"

"The Drazen sense of humor is genetic, apparently."

"Not so apparent." He sat down. "I haven't heard my boy crack a joke in twenty years."

"He's funny." My voice cracked. I put my head down. I couldn't look at him, because I was about to say 'he was funny.' My eyes were stinging and my face got red. I didn't want this man made of fiberglass and chrome to see me cry over his prodigal son.

"Margaret told me," he said.

I sniffed and tried to get my shit together. "Why aren't you ever upstairs with them?" I clutched my tea, letting it heat up my icy hands.

"This is as close as I'm allowed. They don't want me there. My wife, at least. We sleep on opposite sides of the house. Decades of neglect will do that."

"I'm sure it was purely benign." My raw emotional mood made my feelings hard to hide, and in that unguarded moment, my voice dripped with inappropriately rude sarcasm. I wasn't being a woman of grace.

But he seemed to take it in stride. "I had a very, shall we say, intense mid-life crisis."

"You shared a mistress with your son. Pretty intense."

"Is that what he told you? Interesting. I guess he could have seen it that way. She was a very manipulative girl, but yes, I did plenty I was pleased with at the time, and now...well now I need a golf cart to get to my wife's bedroom and my son won't see me." He massaged his coffee. "Would he be upset if he knew you were at a table with me?"

"Yeah." I suddenly felt guilty for being there. Jonathan would not like it. Not one bit. If he was going to get well, he needed to know that I was safe, and I was sure he didn't think of me as safe around his father. I put the granola bar in my bag.

"I should go upstairs. It was nice talking to you."

"Yes, it was."

CHAPTER 17.

JONATHAN

I'd already tried to take the f**king little tubes out of my f**king nose. The room lit up like Griffith Park at Christmas and it was Jingle Bells all over again. In my life, I'd be okay if I never get defibrillated again. Odds were not in my favor.

I had a hard time staying awake for long. Exhaustion from lack of oxygen and a body worn out working for nothing, pumping blood that went down a tube, sucking up more blood from a bag. There was medicine too. Bags of it, going into my hand. And a bag of blood that kept getting replaced like a pot of coffee.

I remember one of them saying was that I was a lucky man. I had no idea what he was talking about, but I thought it didn't have a damn thing to do with my health. He was blond. Nordic looking, and I asked him what he meant, but he just went on with another battery of questions that seemed like every other battery of questions every other white lab coat had asked either me, or the person next to them. If I had a dime for every doctor that walked in and talked about me like I wasn't there, I could buy and sell myself. The non-entity of me. The skin bag of pain and discomfort. I didn't feel like I owned my own body any more. I felt like a piece of meat being kept alive until some day when something happened. Some miracle. Or some news.

"I'm not here to make you upset," I felt lucid when Margie said that, my brain snapping to attention at the thought that there was something I should, but shouldn't be, upset about.

"Oh, good. You're here to tap dance."

"I love that you have the energy to joke, but not give a shit about your condition."

"I give a shit." The effort it took to speak was monumental, but contact with someone wearing real clothes and not wielding a needle was too welcome to not answer in full. "Guy just came and told me I'm in a world of trouble. There's just nothing I can do about it."

"They called us into a meeting. This must be what it's about. What did they say?"

"Let them do their jobs. I can't..." I drifted off. I couldn't repeat what the guy with the silver hair had said. Dr. Emerson. Like the poet.

As if understanding she put her hand on my shoulder.

"There's something I took care of while you were down," she said. "It's going to create drama."

"Okay."

"Okay, you have no problem with it?"

"Okay, tell me what it is."

"Monica's broke. She hasn't been going to work because she's been hanging around Sequoia Hospital like she works here."

"Fuck." My life spinning out of control was bad enough, but I was taking Monica with me.

"I'm giving her money and saying it's from you. You're going to back me up."

"Yes."

"Good."

"Margie?" I raised my hand a little and she took it, coming closer to me so she could hear.

"What?"

"You're my new favorite. Thank you."

"I'm keeping tabs on every dime, because you're going to get better, you little f**k. I don't know how, but this isn't how it ends. Do you understand me? It's not ending like this."

CHAPTER 18.

MONICA

The closer I got to Jonathan's family, the more I understood where he came from. His ability to laugh through anger and tears, the happy face he put on over his worries, the Oscar-worthy show of confidence, came from his mother. The deft manipulations of people and situations, the sadism, the raw hunger, the social charm, came from his father. The passion and protectiveness were learned through his sisters.

Margie had handed me five thousand dollars in an envelope and told me if I didn't take it she was going to tell Jonathan and it would upset him enough to give him another heart attack. She was exaggerating and being cartoonish, but I got the point. He'd arranged the money, and refusing it would cause him stress.

"I told you not to tell him," I'd said, holding on to a shred of pride even as I clutched the envelope.

"I ignored you. Tough."

"I hate this."

"Take it up with God."

"Well, thank you," I said. "I don't want you to think I don't appreciate it."

I needed the money. Badly. After spending a morning on the phone, I found I had long odds of saving the house. I could rescue my mother's finances by arranging a short sale, but I'd still have to move, and one of the banks was adamant about the current resident vacating the premises. I could have waited for an eviction, and then fought it, but I had too many balls in the air as it was. I needed to find a place to live, a place to store my stuff. I needed to rent a truck, pay a security deposit and first month's rent. Five thousand would just about cut it.

And now I had other business to attend to. Accepting five grand in cash from my lover's sister was something I never thought I'd do. Today would be a day of firsts.

I dialed Eddie's cell phone. He picked up. Oh, the privilege of being me. Six months ago he wouldn't have returned a voice mail from me, much less taken a call on the second ring.

"What's happening, Princess?" he answered through a wave of ambient noise. I didn't like the new nickname. It was too close in concept to "flake."

"I can't do a session," I said. "Jonathan, he's...it's bad. I need to be here."

"How bad?" The ambient noise disappeared as if he'd closed a window.

"Something went wrong. He's bleeding. He needs a transplant. Maybe. Probably?"

"What?"

"If you have a heart lying around in the next few days..."

"Days?"

My head was screwed up. I was a monster. I'd thought Eddie cared that I was cancelling my recording session, but Jonathan was his friend, and he was dying, why the hell would he care about my f**king EP?

"You should come and see him," I said.

"Fuck."

"Are you all right? I'm sorry, I've been dealing with this for days. I should have broken it to you better."

He didn't answer right away. I thought I'd lost the connection, then he finally spoke up. "When I banged up my dad's Maz, he took me all over LA to get it fixed. We got it home before my parents got back from Maui. By like, minutes. He drove like such a dick."

I sniffed, "Don't eulogize yet, please."

I had the sudden, physical need to see Jonathan immediately, to stop wasting time in a cold stairway when I could be taking up space with him.

I pushed through the stair doors into the hall.

"Sorry, I..." Eddie caught himself. "Tell him he's an ass**le for me. All right?"

"Sure thing."

The elevator dinged, and I blocked traffic by standing there, looking at my phone, wondering why I didn't give a shit about a blown opportunity.

"Monica," came a voice in the crowd. I turned to the source.

"Jessica."

"I'd like to speak with you."

"Sure."

We stepped away, into a corner by a six foot tall potted plant that looked too fake to be real, or too real to be fake.

"What?" I said.

She raised her eyebrows. "You've got no business being sharp with me."

"Thanks for letting me know my business."

"I didn't come here to fight with you. I came to see him."

"Why? To upset him? I'm sick of this. I've never seen anyone crush a man so hard then try to get him back like it was her job. For Chrissakes, I wish he'd just give you your money so you'd leave him the f**k alone."

"He did," she said, her face darkening like a desert under rare clouds. "This is a long term hospitalization. The trust will move to irrevocable in a week. He'll be here."

It hit me then, her motivation in being there. It was sick. Unbelievably venal.

"Unless he's dead, right?" I said through my teeth. "If he dies while the trust is revocable, you lose."

I started to walk away, but she grabbed my elbow hard.

I looked at the place where her fingers dented the fabric of my shirt, then at her.

"You listen to me," she said through her teeth. "I loved him. Make no mistake. He wasn't for me, but I loved him. That doesn't go away."

"He. Is. Mine."

"Under the circumstances, he's everyone's. He needs all of us. We can have this fight now or after he's dead. Would that suit you?"

Something seethed in me. Something hot and black and angry.

Before Los Angeles was a place, it had a tar pit. Three times in prehistory, an animal got stuck in it, and a predator came to eat the animal. The predator, even as he ate his prey, got stuck. Carrion came to feast on the weakened bodies, and all were stuck. Multiply, as more, driven by instinct and hunger, fell into the trap. Masses of mammals, winged creatures, crustaceans came to feast as the black goo pulled them down to their death in a years-long chain of seething, building, predatory hunger. Ripping throats, blood-covered-fur, a routine orgy of violence and death, multiplied by an order of fear, melted into the tar, adding to the organic mass of boiling, black pitch.

On LaBrea Ave, there's a park, and in the park, the tar pits bubble underground, leaving puddles of sticky black goop in the grass. They come up where they want, and everything sinks into them.

So when Jessica suggested Jonathan would die, I wanted to claw her eyes out. Pull her hair at the roots. Like I'd put a lawn of sweet words over an aquifer of tar-sticky rage, and her presence triggered a bubbling geyser of anger. But let's face it, I wasn't angry at Jessica, and I wasn't angry that she had the gall to bring death into the conversation like a threat. I was angry at death itself. Angry that it dared to black the light from the window. That it should come between Jonathan and I, when we'd overcome so much. What did it want? What was I supposed to do? And life? How dare it bring him to me just to take him away.

The elevator doors opened with a ding, but Jessica and I continued to stare at each other as if guns were drawn.

"It's nice you kids are getting along." Margie's voice cut through the stare.

Jessica let go of my arm, and when she did, I realized something.

I didn't like her. I didn't trust her. But I couldn't pretend it was her I was angry at her.

As if shunned, Jessica ran into the elevator at the last second.

"Cute, you two," Margie said. "Almost like you could stand being in the same room together."

"She's just going to upset Jonathan."

"No she's not. He refused to see her. She's a little pissed off."

Margie headed down the hall, her gait quick and sure.

"You look pretty pissed yourself." I chased after her.

"I got big news from the Department of Bad Shit. They can't get in to fix the suture. It's a transplant or nothing."

CHAPTER 19.

MONICA

He was lucid. I knew because he smiled when he saw me.

"Goddess."

"Sir."

"I'm very upset with you."

"I'll skip the spanking joke."

"You need to ask for what you need."

He was talking about the money.

"Thank you," I said. "But I couldn't ask."

"I can't read your mind."

"Can we have this discussion when you're better?"

"Did anyone explain the odds of that to you yet? Because-"

"Stop it."

I held up both hands, and he took one. He was going to start talking. He was going to start telling me what I already knew from Margie and Brad and any doctor I happened upon in the halls. But I didn't want to hear it. I especially didn't want it from him, because he was going to be Mr. Control and hearing it from him, in that measured, if shredded voice, I was going to either scream or run out.

"Tell me what's happening with you," he whispered. "I hear about me all day."

"Eddie asked about you."

"Tell him he's a douchebag for me."

"I will."

"Did he get you a new date to record?"

"Not yet. Christmas is coming so it's dead."

My face was close to his. Close enough to own my attention, shutting out the scritch of the stylus and the hissing of the oxygen tubes. Close enough for him to look at me long and deep to see the contents of my heart.

"Don't lie, Goddess."

"Carnival has to wait. A four song session will take all day. If something happens I need to be here."

A machine beeped.

He pressed his lips in his teeth. It was an expression he'd used when he was healthy, and it made me want to beg him to take me.

"I need you to do your work," he said.

"Jonathan, I won't do it right if I'm worrying about you."

I felt his hand on my waist, a light touch through my shirt. It slid up to my rib cage, the memory of everything we'd been together, when his hands were forceful and cruel, responsive to desires I didn't even know I had. He fingered the black Bordelle bra I'd worn at his command.

"You've come so far," he said. "You're not the same woman I met. You have control. You can take it all and channel it into the work. If I promise you that, would you believe me?"

"I can't."

"You don't know your own power. Please. Go sing. Sheila will watch me."

"I'll think about it."

He nodded as much has he could, and I pressed my lips to his. I kissed him like I kissed him every time since he fell into my arms, like it might be the last.

CHAPTER 20.

MONICA

I'd gone home to shower and rest. I shouldn't have. The Drazens had a suite at the hotel across the street and I should have eaten humble pie and just gone there. But I couldn't ask Sheila for the key, and I didn't have a change of clothes or the extravagance to buy new. Fucking pride, and now I was stuck in traffic ten blocks from the goddamn hospital. Another hour lost.

Sitting in traffic in thebestfuckingthingever was far better than sitting in traffic in the Honda. And it beat the bus by a mile. But traffic was traffic, and sitting still in a Jaguar while helicopters beat the air overhead was infuriating. Having grown up in Echo Park before it was a real estate investment opportunity waiting to happen meant I was familiar with this type of police action. A perimeter was being sealed off so every car could be checked. Usually, it was a cop killing that created this kind of chaos. Or a gang assassination. Maybe a child abduction. I ticked off the list then closed the windows and sang a couple of the songs I'd prepared for the EP, belting it out in the shitty acoustics of the car.

I flipped the news on. Music was just messing up the rhythm in my head, which I needed. Talk talk talk, and I half listened to the clipped chat of a mob shooting outside the golf course. No child abduction, but a typical drive-by. I felt like I knew the details without even hearing them, and I internally restated my belief that penalties should be harsher for crimes committed during rush hour. This was going to be awhile. I sang to the leather dash, letting the news drift away.

Yea, though he stands in the fear of the dark

I shall walk at his right hand

I have drawn rod and cudgel

In his defense

I shall lead him to the gate

And if he seeks his end

My heart shall keep him safe

I can walk

Without it

I can work

Without it

I can sing

Half a woman

Surely goodness and mercy

Prevail in a city of sin

As barter for a life

Beats for beats

Breaths for breath

Trade a heart for what's mine

I can breathe

Without it

I can see

Without it

I can sing

Half a woman

I was leaning my forehead on the steering wheel when I finished. I couldn't get the rest of the song out. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't see through my tears. This sucked. He didn't have long, I could see it in the doctor's faces when they spoke with a sense of urgency, like their own careers were on the line if he died. The inconvenience of it would be epic for them.

Meanwhile, I'd die with him.

The phone rang. Fuck it. It wasn't like I was moving. I picked up Margie's call.

"Hello?" I didn't realize how snotty and blubbery I sounded until the last vowel came out in a froggy croak.

"Are you okay?"

"The love of my life is dying, so, no."

"Well, I called with a little something. Guy just came in with half a brain and a working heart. We're fighting our way up the list and they're checking for a match. But he's the same blood type."

"Oh, God. Really?" My face exploded in prickly happiness and tears sprung into my eyes.

"Top secret, ok? This is not public knowledge, but I know people who know. Don't get your hopes up. The family's going to be an obstacle. Donor cards don't mean anything without a living will, and they've got more hope than Jonathan has time."

"Is it evil to hope he dies?"

"Yes. You and I both."

"See you in hell," I said, with a little less cry my voice.

"I'll buy the handbasket."

The traffic broke suddenly, and I was waved through blockade on Beverly and Rossmore.

CHAPTER 21.

MONICA

"I sold the house. Thank God, Monya. Cash. At market price."

My mother had called just as I stepped into the elevator with nine other people. I was just about to tell her I hadn't made any headway, nor had I found an opportune time to ask for Margie's help on the house thing, when she blurted out her news like a kid blowing the date of a surprise party.

"That's great, Ma." I whispered so I wouldn't annoy the three people in scrubs who pressed up against me. "Did they say when they were moving in?" I was happy for her. I really was. But the bank was going to have to put all my stuff in a Dumpster. I couldn't leave Jonathan long enough to move out.

"That's the good news! They're okay with the tenant. Okay with your rent and everything. You have to make your checks out to an investment company. ODRSN Partners. The address is One four three, North-"

"Can I get it later? I'm in an elevator. I'll call you back."

We hung up, and I molted a few layers of anxiety. I must have bounced into Jonathan's room, because he smiled when he saw me, the oxygen tubes gone from his nose. The sun shone through the window, and yes he had that auto-squeeze thing on his arm, and yes he was in that god damn hospital bed and his heart was ripped up, but he was in a half sitting position and he was as glad to see me as I was glad to see him.

"I don't have to move!" I announced, kissing him.

"Good?"

"Oh, God you missed the whole thing!" I blabbered. "My Mom put the house into foreclosure and I thought I was going to have to move out really fast, which, hello I have twenty years worth of stuff in that house, so but some investor came and bought it."

"Ah, who beat me out?"

"No, uh. Crap, she told me." I wrestled with the granola bar, until he took it from me and got it open in one move, with a bad heart and IVs sticking out of him. "It's such a load off. I can't even tell you."

He broke off a piece of the bar and held it up. "Was it Ganten Investments?"

I took the piece in my mouth. "No, it was a bunch of letters, like DRM, but five letters and not that. I made it into a word in my head but I can't think of it."

"Doesn't matter, I guess."

"You have to move faster next time, if you want property in Echo Park." I took another chunk of granola bar from his fingers. "Oh my God, this thing tastes so bad." I felt light as a feather, waving my hands at him to indicate I wanted another piece. "It's like, stinky."

"Stinky?"

"With a touch of dredgy." And then I remembered, as I chewed, the rhythm of the words and the taste of the stale barley malt brought it to me. "ODRSN. That was it. It sounded like odorous. ODRSN Partners."

He was looking down at the bar, breaking another smelly piece, when he froze.

"Did you say ODRSN?"

"Yep."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, why? Is that the competition or something?"

He put the bar on the side table, then closed his eyes and took a deep breath. It wasn't very deep at all. He breathed like he didn't have room for air in his lungs.

I took his hands in mine. "Jonathan. Should I call someone?"

He shook his head, but I didn't believe him, I believed the machines, which were silent. But for how long? He was struggling, if not with his breath or his heart, with his mind.

"I need you to marry me," he said.

"What?"

"Marry me."

"Are you insane?"

"If anything happens to me, I want to make sure you're taken care of."

"I refuse to believe you're going to die. My God, we've been together a few months, maybe."

"These are extenuating circumstances. I could leave you swinging in the wind."

"No," I shook my head like I was trying to get a fly out of my hair. "This is crazy. This is not how I want it. I don't want you to get better then regret it. And it's not your job to make sure I'm financially stable. What's come over you?"

Midway through my little speech, stuff started beeping and lighting up. And by the time I was done, I was being pushed out with both hands by a woman in a blue facemask and gloves. I landed in the hall, back against the wall, trying to stay out of the way.

"What happened?" Eileen asked, standing close to Theresa as if her daughter held her up.

"I don't know," I said. "We were talking about something."

He asked me to marry him and I said no.

I put my hands over my mouth when I realized what had happened, and ran down the hall without looking back. Even when I passed the cafeteria on the way out, and saw Declan in his usual spot talking to Jessica, I didn't stop. I just kept on running.

CHAPTER 22.

JONATHAN

That went poorly.

I hadn't intended to ask for her hand until she said the name of my father's investment shell. He'd bought her house to save her when I couldn't, or wouldn't. Whichever. I simply didn't and the reason I didn't was I didn't know she was in that kind of trouble. I could only know and see what she brought to me, and if she chose to protect me, I was impotent to protect her. I was stuck I inside four walls with things sticking out of me, tied to a bed as much as I'd tied her.

By the time the smoke cleared, she was gone, and I couldn't explain. I didn't want to talk on the phone. Couldn't, actually. My body betrayed me with exhaustion, long breaths, and lost consciousness. I needed to be in her visual field, to see what I was too tired to intuit, to let her experience the long spaces between sentences that would seem like anger or petulant silence on the phone, but were me trying to breathe around my goddamn damaged heart.

I loved her. I wanted her. There was no one else. She felt right in ways no other woman ever had. Of course I was going to marry her, one day, when I was out of this shitbox, untied from this bed. After more dinners and late nights. After more boundary leaping and fighting. More touching, kissing, laughing.

Just not now.

Except that it had to be now. I felt myself failing. The dips into unconsciousness came with less warning. The effort to exist was such a task, I couldn't imagine actually living. Was I scared? Fuck, yes I was terrified, and the only thing that kept it at bay was the thought that I could make her life better than it had been, that I could save her from her chronic penury, keep her from the manipulations of men like my father. If I could die knowing I'd saved her, maybe I would have served my purpose. It wasn't like the money had anywhere useful to go, anyway.

Theresa sat in the chair Monica usually occupied, leaning forward, fingers knit together. I wanted to explain all of it to her, but I didn't have the wherewithal to do it right, to explain my fear, my need to know Monica was all right, to keep a slice of control. I gave her the shortest version I had.

"I don't blame her for saying no," she said. "You need to get better first."

"What if I don't get better?"

"She'll be a widow."

At twenty-five. And when was her birthday? She'd told me she was a Cancer, but if she told me the exact date, I couldn't call it up in my memory. I realized we'd never even celebrated a birthday together. Neither mine nor hers. I wanted to get her something extravagant six months early, to make up for the time we'd never have. And Christmas, of course.

"What's today?" I asked Theresa.

"The twentieth."

"Merry Christmas."

"What do you want under the tree? Besides a 'yes?'"

"I want her," I whispered. "I asked for the wrong reasons. But I want her."

She put her elbows on the bed and her hand on my shoulder. "Do it for the right reasons. Don't do it because it's convenient now. Don't do it because you're scared. Marry her because you love her, and your life wouldn't add up without her. Can you do that? Can you promise me you're not forcing it? It would break my heart to see you do this because you wanted to give yourself a reason to live."

I rarely saw Theresa so impassioned. She was more like Jessica than any of my sisters in her refinement and grace. She seemed broken down that day, slightly shattered, holding herself together with chicken wire.

"What's wrong, Tee?"

"I don't think love should be taken for granted, and I don't think you should keep on a path of least resistance."

"This is hardly-"

"Can you say, honestly, that if you were healthy you'd marry her?"

"Yes. But we'd have a proper engagement." I thought about all Jessica and I had together and I wanted to give it to Monica, but couldn't. A party, a ring, a wedding. I wanted to see her smiling as she came down the aisle, toward me, that last time before we folded into each other's lives forever.

Theresa pressed something into my palm. It was hard and scratchy and oddly shaped.

"Give it back when you can buy her her own."

I lifted my hand, it was her engagement ring, a two carat sapphire cut that was totally Theresa, and utterly wrong for Monica.

"Daniel won't be happy," I said.

"He'll tell himself he cares. But we cancel each other out. We add up to nothing. Trust me when I say, I'd rather break up for the right reasons than get married for the wrong ones."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I can't explain why I feel okay about it, but I do."

I held the ring in my fist as if I was afraid to lose it. "Thank you."

"I'll try and come back, but you might not see me for awhile." She kissed my forehead and left, I fell asleep with the ring in my hand.

CHAPTER 23.

MONICA

Jonathan was out of his room. More tests, more prep. More shit piled on top of shit. A hundred thousand checklists to make sure he was worthy of whatever heart came in. Of course it came to me when my mother texted me the address to send the rent check. I quick internet search revealed J. Declan Drazen owned ODRSN Partners.

Anger and gratitude swirled together like a marble cake.

Dr. Thorensen was in his office looking at four computer screens.

"Monica. Come in." He stood. "Close the door."

"Thanks. I got your text, but I was driving."

"Sit."

He stood in front of a little counter with a sink and poured water into a pot, leaving his screens unattended.

"You're playing City of Dis aren't you? Where do you find the time?"

"This job doesn't afford the time for a dazzling social life so, video games it is. And I have UNOS up on a screen right here." As if responding to what must have been a baffled look, he continued. "The transplant list."

"Ah. I heard someone came in..." I didn't know if I should continue. This was surely privileged information, yet once I started talking I could hardly stop. "He's brain dead is what I heard. I don't mean to be creepy, but-"

"I think that's going to be a no-go."

"You telling me more or Jonathan getting the heart?"

"Yes."

I looked into my lap. Margie's text had given me enough hope to get in the door, and when it dropped out of me, there was nothing to replace it. We were back where we were this morning, only I was one day closer to the end.

"How are you holding up?" Brad asked.

I shrugged. "I guess I'm all right."

"You're never home."

"Doctor, my presence at home is hardly under your purview."

"I'm not asking as a doctor. I'm asking as your friend. How are you doing?"

"Fine. I feel like I'm waiting for him to either die or be saved, so the regular events of my life aren't so interesting right now."

He leaned back in his chair, eyes glowing in the screen's light. "I've lived next door to you for a couple of years."

"Three, I think."

"I wish I'd gone to your door with something besides the leaves falling on the car, or the new fence. I should have known you better, sooner."

His hands were folded over his tie, and his feet pushed his office chair back until the corners of his white lab coat dragged on the floor. Besides the hands, it was an exposed position, and even if he didn't intend consciously to send the message he did, I understood the meaning in his heart.

"I'm too upset to give you a thoughtful response. I'm sorry."

"I understand. If you want to go up, he should be back any minute, I think. Irene's at the desk. Check with her if he's ok to see. I'm watching this screen."

I stood up and touched the doorknob. "I'd give him my own heart if I could."

He sat up straight and put his hand on the mouse. "I hear that all the time." He glanced up at me, his expression sucking the sarcasm out of the comment. He was just stating the fact. This was hard, and people loved one another.

CHAPTER 24.

MONICA

Police milled around the hallways, radios squawking, belts laden with black leather geometry, swaying hips from the weight of the instrumentation. I leaned on the nurse's desk, peering to see Irene's Russian newspaper.

"Hi," I said. "What are all the cops about?"

"Security." She waved her meaty hand and shook her head. "You feel safe? I feel safe. Like in middle of street."

"I'm going in." I stepped away.

"No, you don't." She picked up the phone and hit one of the buttons on the bottom of the keypad. "Wait."

The person on the other side must have answered, because she muttered something in Russian, listened, then hung up. "Come with me."

She shuffled from behind the desk, and went toward Jonathan's room. I didn't know why I needed her to guide me. My world revolved around that room, and going to and from it. The door was closed. She knocked. A deep, powerful voice that couldn't have been Jonathan's at that point, made some sort of affirmative noise. Irene opened the door.

There was one lamp on, a warm one that I hadn't seen before. And the room smelled nice, like the salty sea and clear water. I located the squat blue candle lit on the windowsill that must have been the source of the scent. A huge, bald man stood by the doorway, one of the regular orderlies who didn't talk much. His nametag said Gregory. Irene and he babbled something and he babbled back in the same language, and he stepped out of the way.

Jonathan sat on the edge of the bed. I hadn't seen him actually sit up since the Collector's Board show, and I must have gasped a little. He wore a jacket over his hospital gown, and pants and shoes. Tubes stuck out of his sleeves and the effort it took for him to sit up was visible once I got over the initial shock.

"Jonathan," I said. "I-"

"You sit," the Gregory interrupted, pointing in front of Jonathan, to an antique, early modern chair I recognized from Jonathan's bedroom. I'd described that chair and its place under a sconce one night, back when I thought I'd have him back.

I glanced from Gregory to Irene, and then to Jonathan, who waited patiently.

I sat.

"What's this about?"

No one answered. Gregory and Irene got on either side of Jonathan, facing me.

"You ready, Mister Drazen?" Irene asked.

"For a long time, now."

They did something that made me draw my breath in and clutch the arms of the chair. The two put their hands under Jonathan's arms and slid him off the bed and lowered him to the floor.

"What-?"

When they let him go, I was too stunned to finish the sentence. He kneeled before me. I heard his labored breathing, the rattle of the IV pole, and glanced up at Irene and Gregory.

"What are you doing? This is crazy."

I was ignored. Gregory said something to Jonathan in Russian and he answered in kind, with a wave of his hand that indicated, "I got it."

Jonathan, with great effort, pulled a knee up, until he was on just one, then glanced up at me. "I'm going to lean on you a little," he said.

"Sure?"

He put a forearm on my knee, and reached into his jacket pocket, pulling out a small black box.

"Oh, Jonathan..."

He opened the box and handed it to me. It had a ridiculously huge square cut diamond.

"Thank Theresa if you see her. I'll get you one that suits you when we're up to it," he said.

"You don't have to do this."

"Shh. Behave, would you? For once?"

I pressed my lips together to keep from laughing. One side of his mouth curled in a smile, and then he laughed gingerly. I wanted to kiss him deeply, and for a long time, breathing him into me, but I knew he didn't have the breath to spare. I settled for a fraction of the kiss I wanted, leaning down and brushing my lips against his, the softest parts of our faces melting together for a brief second, half a gasp, a tease of desire.

"Goddess," he said, his breath on my mouth. "Have me, please. I was wrong. You're not the sea under my sky. You are the sun I revolve around, the stars that mark me, the moon rising through me. I'm lost without you. And if you won't have me, I'll break, I swear to God. I know it's selfish, and I'm sorry. Let me serve you. Have me as yours. Let me live under you."

I held his face, running my fingers over the stubble on them, jaw in the heel of my hand. I could feel him leaning into me, weak, as if this had taken everything out of him.

What could I say to this? What could I say to being loved enough for this monumental an effort? Did I ever, in my wildest imaginings, think I deserved this level of devotion after I'd rejected him the first time?

After I'd left him, cursed him, denied him? After lying to him, drugging him, disobeying him, using him, could I justify letting him make this mistake, even if it was the last mistake he made? I was ambitious, venal, antagonistic, impoverished, and arrogant. I was unworthy, by a mile, and overcome at the circumstance that would lead such a man to beg to be bound to such a woman.

So, I said the only thing I could.

"Yes."

CHAPTER 25.

JONATHAN

Her hair fell across our fists, which were balled up together around a found box holding my sister's ring. My hands shook as I removed it. My rib cage ached like it was stretched by an ever-expanding balloon inside it. With the tube out my chest, it was filling with blood, drop by drop. I was sure the feeling of expansion was air, or my imagination, but the fear of it made it hard to get the garish thing on her finger. The size was right, but the stone was wrong. All wrong. I wanted something else for her, something more original, a ring that could only belong to a goddess.

"I won't disappoint you," I said.

"I'm not worried about you being the disappointment."

Irene's voice cut in. "I declare you engaged. Time to go." She put her hand on my shoulder.

"I want to tell you what you do to me the night I agree to marry you," Monica whispered.

"They have to put me back in. I don't want you to see it."

"Jonathan, please-"

"Time to go," Irene said more firmly.

"Go," I said to my fiancee. "Please. Come back in an hour. Then you can tell me about our wedding night."

Her head tilted a little and her eyes widened. Yes, it was quick, but wasn't that the point? She kissed me a second too long because we ended with me grimacing. She must have known it wasn't about her, because she got up and walked out with out looking back. Good woman.

I submitted myself completely to Irene and Gregory, who had broken a hundred rules or more to give me five minutes to ask properly for Monica's hand. The rules were good. They were there for a reason, which was, I couldn't handle five minutes kneeling. I felt like I'd just run a marathon that ended in a dark alley, where I'd been beaten with baseball bats and cut into small pieces with a serrated knife. Or something that made me too weak, too pained, too outside myself to manage my own body.

They got me out of my clothes, reinserting, realigning, and recalibrating the devices attached to me. They accepted my gratitude for as long as I had the wherewithal to express it, which was an eternity, but probably about five minutes in the rest of the world. Then I fell off the cliff of consciousness for awhile. Might have been the drugs, or my body giving out like it did a few times a day. Even then, I didn't have the energy to fully feel angry, though there was a cord of that in my spine. Mostly, I felt fear. I was responsible for her now, and though the unknown was bad enough to face alone, in the dark, unprepared, I felt as though I had something to live for tomorrow.

CHAPTER 26.

MONICA

I crouched on the stairwell. It was late. Jonathan couldn't see me that next hour after he'd given me the ring, or the one after that. Sheila had come and gone, her lips pressed together in a line of rage. Eileen called to see if I was there, and if I was, was he lucid enough to see anyone. This was f**ked, but I figured, if Jonathan had wanted his family involved they would have been involved.

I called Darren.

"Do you have something blue?"

"Technically, yes." He stepped out of the studio to finish the sentence, and I could hear the rain and traffic in the street behind him.

"Something pretty and blue?"

"Okay, what the f**k?"

"I'm getting married, and I have this ring that's borrowed and this belt is like a hundred years old."

"What the hell...?"

"Can you just bring me something blue, please?"

He started a sentence, but didn't finish it. Took a breath, started to say something else, and stopped himself.

"Darren?"

"Jesus. I didn't...I don't know what to say. I haven't been there for you, have I?"

"Be here for me tonight. Something reasonably attractive. And blue. And new, if possible. I'm stretching the definition with what I have here."

CHAPTER 27.

MONICA

Darren arrived just as Irene was telling me to do something with my hair, then come in. He handed me a CVS bag with four blue hair clips.

"Thank you," I said. He grabbed me and hugged me. It was the only real hug I'd gotten all week, warm and perfect, without expectation or promise. I chose a little rhinestone hairpin the color of the autumn sky and let Darren put it in.

"You're the maid of honor and the best man."

"I'm not making a toast."

"He won't have the energy. He barely had it in him to ask me to marry him in the first place."

We walked down the hall.

"I wish you'd told me...asked me for something," he said.

"You never pick up. I feel like I'm bothering you."

He shrugged, and we turned into Jonathan's room. It was lit only by the reading lamp over his bed. I felt Darren stiffen. Jonathan was halfway sitting, but bedridden and pale, connected to machines and IV bags of medicine and blood. The last time they'd seen each other, Jonathan was hale and Darren was threatening to send out wedding invitations if there was another breakup.

"Hi," Darren said.

Jonathan held his hand up in greeting.

"You look like f**king hell, man."

"Darren!" I cried.

"And I can still get a knockout wife."

"Tough to be you."

People came in behind me. I didn't see them, I only saw Jonathan. I kissed his lips for the last time as his lover, and turned around. Irene and Gregory were at the foot of the bed, and in the chair I usually occupied, a short woman in horn-rimmed glasses and clerical collar. She was a few years older than me, and had a mop of curly hair held in place with a hip vintage clip. Darren stood behind her.

"Hi," she said brightly.

"Hi," Jonathan and I chanted. I straightened and stood on the opposite side of the bed from her, holding his hand. It was cold.

"My name is Sona, and let me tell you, this is not the kind of call I usually get when I do the hospital chaplaincy. I had to dig around for the right prayer book. But, happy occasions are worth the trouble. So, what do we have? Both Catholic, I hear?"

"Kind of," I said.

"And I hear the groom has a big family? They aren't here?"

"I'll tell them tomorrow," Jonathan said. My sigh of relief must have been audible, because he squeezed my hand.

"Sona," I said, "Jonathan isn't up for anything long and involved, if that's okay. I don't mean to be disrespectful."

"Nope!" She smiled with big, white teeth. "You have rings?"

"Crap." I didn't. I glanced at Darren. He shrugged, holding his palms up.

"Can we make do with something?" she asked. "People do like the rings."

"Yes!" I said. "I have it." I rummaged through my bag and came up with my bunch of keys. Car. House. Front gate. Locker at work. I clicked through them.

"Clever goddess," he said. "I owe your fingers some jewelry."

My eyes hurt again, because the odds of him repaying that debt got smaller with each day. I focused on loosing as many keys as possible into the bottom of my bag.

"Let's do some paperwork while Monica does that, okay?" Sona smiled again, extracting a little clipboard. She asked our full names, dates of birth, addresses, and had us sign on the dotted lines while I untwisted as many silver rings as I could. Darren showed his ID and cracked a joke about being licensed to witness weddings. By the time she was done, I'd released two smallish keyrings. I adjusted one for Jonathan's hand, and found another for myself. I pressed it into his palm.

"Okay," said Sona, standing, all enthusiasm and light, as if this wasn't the most depressing situation, ever. "Groom goes first. You ready?"

"Yes," he said, and pulled me toward him.

"Can you repeat after me?" she asked.

"I got this." He was talking to Sona, but looking at me, big, tired, green eyes. Serious, committed. I hoped to God he lived even if it meant he lived to regret it.

"I, Jonathan Drazen, take you Monica Faulkner, to be my lawfully wedded wife." He paused. I didn't know if he was weak, or doubtful.

"You sure you want to do this?" I asked. "You can back out. I'll still love you."

"Shh," he said. "Behave." He smirked at me and took a deep breath. "Left hand, Goddess."

I held it out for him and he continued as he slipped the keyring on my finger. "To have and to hold, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health to love cherish honor and worship all the days of my life."

"Excellent!" Sona said. "Monica? You want to do it the same? Or do you want to repeat after me?"

I didn't want to repeat anything. I wanted to take my guts and spill them onto the sheets. I wanted to take my heart out and put it into his chest. If there was ever a time to hold anything back, it wasn't then.

"Jonathan Drazen," I said, squeezing his hand. "You're a manipulative bastard, a brazen liar, and a sadist. You've brought me to my knees. You've dominated me. You've told me who I am and then challenged me to be it. If you made me strong enough to stand up to the world, let me stand by you. If you completed the woman I am, let me be that woman in your honor. Every part in my body is dedicated to you. Every note I sing. Every breath in my lungs. My pleasure and pain. Take me. Let me serve you. Let me be yours."

He put my hand to his cheek. I was going to have to kiss him before I was told, though it seemed like it took Sona forever. When I looked from Jonathan to her, she was holding her phone.

"Sorry," she said, pocketing it, her good mood gone. "Gotta go do a last rites." She cleared her throat and held her hand up. "You have declared your consent before the Church. May the Lord in his goodness strengthen your consent and fill you both with his blessings. What God has joined, let no one tear asunder. I now pronounce you husband and wife."

Irene and Gregory clapped a little, but I didn't pay attention to how wan they sounded, because I was kissing my husband.

CHAPTER 28.

MONICA

Sona and the staff had cleared out. Darren hugged and congratulated me, fist-bumped Jonathan, promising him a wild night of beer-slinging and bar-hopping in Silver Lake. He kissed me on the cheek and left, promising he'd call.

Irene had warned me clearly, while ignoring Jonathan, that there was to be nothing going on behind the closed door that might bring a heart rate up. But, just in case I didn't know, he was being monitored from the nurse's station. So no quote, funny business, unquote.

We laughed when the door closed. I wanted to lie on top of him, press my thighs to his, and tuck my head into the crook of his neck, but that was impossible. I leaned over, sitting in the adjacent chair, and kissed his cheek.

"Do you regret it?" I said.

"I feel relieved."

"I'm glad."

"I wish I could give you a wedding night. Throw you over my shoulder, dress and all, and carry you over the threshold. We wouldn't even make it up the stairs."

I made a satisfied purr. "I can just imagine it. Who's house?

"Our house."

"Is there a porch?"

"More than one, and I'll have you on all of them, regularly. Breakfast in the back. Lunch on the side, and after dinner, we'll drink wine on the front porch and I'll make love to you in the night air."

"Can I still call you sir?"

"I expect no less."

"Thank you, sir." I kissed his hand, letting my lips linger on his skin.

"And here we are," he said, "married, and we never even talked about children."

"Can we pretend we had them?"

"Four," he said with a slight smile.

"Don't be greedy."

"Three. Can we settle on three?"

I should have agreed to ten children, because there were going to be exactly none. There was going to be no house, no porches, no family.

"Can I admit something to you, my beautiful wife?"

"Yes."

"I'm scared."

I squeezed his hand and laid my head next to him. That was when the machine's beeping was replaced with a high, constant whine.

CHAPTER 29.

MONICA

I stood in the hall, staring at his door.

They'd just done CPR. Changed the tube. Pumped more drugs into him. Assured me there wasn't a spare heart with his blood type anywhere but Paulie Patalano's chest.

What the hell were we made of? Sausage casings and prime cuts to be wrapped up and swapped out as needed. I felt ill. The twisting in my gut told me to run into the bathroom and bend over the toilet. But nothing came, because I hadn't eaten in Lord knew how long. When I returned, panicking , he was alive, stable and unconscious.

All the wrong things seemed definite and secure. I knew he loved me. I knew he was right in my life. But the very life that fit mine so perfectly, was going to end. Soon. Tomorrow. The next day. Didn't matter. Too soon. And the house of our love would crumble under a cracked foundation.

I found myself outside Dr. Thorensen's office. He'd have answers, or at least different questions.

"You're here," I said.

He was in the dark again, shades drawn, screens flashing. "Come in. Wanna play?"

"I can't believe you get away with this."

"I'm waiting to hear about something."

"Jonathan?"

"Sit."

"Is there a heart somewhere?"

He sighed. "I'm getting him put on the emergency list. I'm pretty sure it'll go through in an hour, but I don't want to leave until I see it. Come on. Sit. Your avatar's on the cloud. We can start you from the beginning."

I hesitated. He patted the seat of the couch behind him. "Come."

"Fine."

I sat, kicking off my shoes and tucking my feet under me. He rolled his chair back until the back of it pressed against the couch, where it was already indented from hours of play.

"You ready? There you are. I made you look like you."

"Jesus, I don't look like that." My avatar was ravishing.

"Yeah, you do. Okay, so we start out in the wood. Forest all over, and we're lost. We have to solve this puzzle before our guide comes, hold on there! Get them!"

We shot down a leopard, a lion, and a wolf. We avoided shooting a blind guy. As a reward he set us a puzzle to solve. We had that sorted out in no time, and I saw something I recognized.

ABANDON ALL HOPE, YE WHO ENTER HERE

"Such a cheerful game, Brad. Don't you have something with bunnies?"

"You can come over and play that next week."

There won't be a next week, Dr. Thorensen...

I had no time to make that into a joke. We had to navigate a parade, and a flag, right, left, left, right and still get to our destination, a boat on a black river.

"Tell me something," I said. "What are the odds of him getting a heart in time?"

"Can't say. Hit left, left. Nice."

"Do I duck the guy in the Pope hat?"

"God, yes."

"Can't or won't?"

"Can't or won't what? Just don't let him touch you."

"Can't or won't say about the heart. Fuck."

"Oh! Nice move. Both. His blood type's rare, so a good heart is hard enough but...okay, see that opening right there? Hit your blue button and the joystick at the same time."

"Is there any way to speed it up? The heart thing? Shit! Wait..."

"You got it...no. Only what I'm doing. Pushing him up the list." His shoulders slumped. "We're in. River Acheron. Good job. You earned the coins so give one to the guy in the hood."

I clicked my buttons. "He won't take it."

"That's weird." He took the controller from me.

"What about the mafia guy? The brain dead one. If he died, would Jonathan get his heart?"

Brad was focused on the controls. "I can't promise anything. Crap. I heard this happens sometimes."

"What?"

"You're stuck in the vestibule. That's your sin. Wow. I guess we can make you a new avatar."

"My sin?" I asked. "Which one?"

He threw the controller down and kicked his feet up on the couch. "The vestibule is where you go when you don't take sides on an issue. Like when you could have taken action, but didn't. Or, look. I'm not going to pretend to be a philosopher. But you were probably just feeling passive when you answered the questions. Wanna do it again?"

I thought for a second. Did I want to sit in Brad's tiny office until sunrise, waiting for Jonathan to get bumped up a list, or did I want to make a decision, one way or the other, about helping him?

"I'm going to brush my teeth and find an empty waiting room couch."

"Suit yourself."

"When you know something, can you tell me?"

"I will. You tell me if you need anything, okay?"

"Sure, and thanks."

I was pretty sure he didn't really know what I was thanking him for.

CHAPTER 30.

MONICA

He was still sleeping when I got back. I sat in the chair by his bed and looked at his hand in the light of the moon and the little light-up Christmas tree on his nightstand. The fingers were set in a relaxed curl, veins and light hair, the keyring wedding band half falling off. I knew those hands. They were strong. They were his instruments. I couldn't see past his elbows, but I knew the rest of him. I read it like a book. The velvet of his skin. His scent when his cologne's worn off. The warmth of his touch, its perfect pressure on me. The tones and cadences of his voice, rising and falling; clipped to command, breathy to soothe, chopped fine to laugh. I put my palm on his cheek, in my mind, and his eyes close for a second before he turns his head and kisses my hand, my wrist, the inside of my forearm, stubble scratching, lips awakening, tongue taunting, fingers closed on my wrist like a vise. I feel bound, secure, safe, my tingling body is an exploding cage of sin.

He is before me, dressed in his business clothes, and I am naked. We are in the hotel room where he spanked me the first time, the night I tried to hide my navel from him, and he gave me my voice back. He'd told me to be naked, and this is how I imagine it would have gone if I had been obedient.

He tells me to put my hands behind my back, then kicks my legs open. He tells me that he won't f**k me until he hears my voice, and I whisper my doubts that it will work. He smirks in that way he does, and runs his fingertips across my shoulder, then down my chest to my nipple, which he strokes until it's hard, bending it down, then circling it.

He switches the light on and turns me toward the windows.

It's night, we're on a high floor and Los Angeles is covered in a blanket of lights. I can see myself, naked, reflected in the windows, a ghost over the city.

"Put your hands on the glass," he says. I do. The basin is spread before me, a checkerboard of pinpricks, exactly as Mondrian had envisioned, squares of light, blinking signs of life to a haze in the distance. Above it all, my body, leaning into the window, stretched across miles of Los Angeles, bent at the waist as if I was about to f**k it.

"Anything that sounds like 'no' or 'stop' is effective. But you have to say it."

He draws his palm across my ass in a hard slap. At that point, he hadn't spanked me yet, so my surprise overwhelmed the arousal. I was immediately angry and defensive.

"You have to use your voice. Do you understand?"

He puts his left hand on my rib cage, fingertips brushing my breast, and slapped me again.

I am not surprised the second time, nor am I angry. The raw tingle is arousing enough, as is the stroke and grab that follow. But what really arouses me is letting him do it. I submitted to it, making myself beneath him, under his command and control. I want it. I want every sting, every brush of his fingers against my sensitive skin. He slaps the back of my thighs and I gasp.

"Monica, was that you?" he asks. I see him in the window, just behind me, his dark suit nearly invisible against the night city. I want him to take me, use me, f**k me like a whore.

He reaches between my legs and jams two fingers in my cunt. My knees nearly buckle under the weight of my arousal.

"You're wet."

"Yes," I whisper.

"You want me to f**k you?" He slaps my ass again, hard.

"Yes, please," I reply in breaths.

"Say it."

I can't. I can't engage my vocal cords. I can't make sounds. My voice kills people, I am convinced of it.

He takes his belt off and loops it once.

"You don't know the power you have," he says, and then whacks me with the belt. God, it hurts. I am more aware of the presence and place of my cunt. I can feel it hanging between the raw singe of my ass cheeks. It's heavy, bloated, engorged with desire. He hits me again, lower, the leather kissing my wet opening.

"Say it."

"Please f**k me."

"With your voice."

Whack.

The sting is definite, lingering, burning as if I'd sat on a hot stove.

"You don't know the power you have," he hits me repeatedly on the word power, until my ass is on fire and my clit is so engorged the belt touches it when it snaps, and I scream.

"Monica, was that you?" He's breathless himself.

I can't make the noise again until he drops the belt and slaps my cunt twice, hard and fast, and the sting, then the rush of pleasure pulled one long vowel sound from my throat.

"There it is. That beautiful voice."

Behind me, he takes his c**k out and places it at my opening.

"Say it."

"Fuck me. Fuck me please." The air from my lungs vibrates my vocal cords, and I can hear myself cry out as he rams into me. His hips touch my raw behind, making me feel every thrust as pleasure and pain, filling the spectrum of sensations, every thought, every cell, every warp of my soul feeling him move inside me.

He pulls me up. My hands leave the cold glass, and I stand again, draped over the city, Jonathan f**king me from behind. I see him in the window, and he knows what I'm looking at, my giant self over the basin, and he whispers in my ear.

"You're not the same woman I met. You have control." I realize I'm hearing him say it the way he said it to me the yesterday, when he was trying to convince me to cut that EP. That same weak, enervated voice that I'd infused with muscle in my mind. I had stolen it and pasted it into the scene like a collage.

His fingers slip between my legs. I am sopping for him, my clit a hard knob under his touch, and I watch my own face in the window as I open my mouth the yell with pleasure as he whispers in my ear.

"You don't know your own power."

I put my head by his shoulder and fell asleep for a few hours.

CHAPTER 31.

MONICA

I went to the cafeteria aching from sleeping like a pretzel. I felt like the ghoul of Sequoia whenever I walked in there, until I saw Declan. He was the ghoul, of course. I was an amateur.

He sat with a young woman who was twisting her long dark hair in the fingertips, making a single, lacquered curl at the end. They spoke earnestly, emotionally, much as he and Jessica had spoken the other day. Or, to be more accurate, she was talking, and he was nodding in the way a therapist might nod. He understood. He heard every word. He had answers posed as questions, but nothing would stick. He'd go home and forget it.

I sat at my usual table. I could have gone up to Jonathan, but I had business in the cafeteria, and I was perfectly willing to sit and work on a song until that business came to me.

Take these rolling hills

Shorn grass and dewy mornings

Dump a street on them

Shove a house, then ten times ten

Take this starry night

Clean air and sparkling skies

Spray paint it with poison

Send up bleating sirens

I'm gonna rise through

My jawbone on your throat

Gonna get black tarred again

My heels dug in

Feasting under the surface

Death on life, me on you

Claws dig, teeth cut

Locked in a forever f**k

I was considering changing the last verse to a chorus when I felt someone above me, and knew who it was without looking up.

"Mister Drazen," I said.

"Miss Faulkner, or should I call you by your new name?"

"How did you know my last name?" I leaned away from my notebook, closing it so he wouldn't see my anger spit up on the page.

"I could start with you next to my son at the Eclipse show. The journalists had you figured out at publication. Or my daughter, Theresa still speaks to me, sometimes. She told me about you. May I sit?"

"Sure. Could have been the notice you pulled out of my notebook?"

"Shouldn't leave it lying around if you don't want people to see it."

"You bought my mother's house."

"Both of them. I didn't actually want property in Castaic but-"

"You almost sent Jonathan over the edge."

He folded his lips between his teeth, a move so like my lover's I had a quick vision of what Jonathan would look like if he was ever allowed to age. "That wasn't my intention."

"Maybe." I paused, dunking my tea repeatedly, this had no effect at all, but it gave me something to do with my hands. "What do you do down here all the time? You're a fourth generation billionaire, for Chrissakes. Can't you pay someone to wait around here for you?"

He laughed. I didn't know what it was with the Drazen men. Every time I mentioned their money they thought it was hilarious. He twisted to the side and put his back to the wall, stretching his feet out, a gesture for a younger man. A man who wanted to take up a lot of room.

"It's always amazing to me," he said, "not what people do for money or revenge, but what they do for love. That woman I was just talking to?"

"Yeah."

"Her husband just got beaten near to death in a parking lot two blocks away. They wanted his car, but he worked for it, and he wouldn't give it up. She said, the only way they got the keys away from him, was when they threatened to rape her."

"That's awful."

"It wasn't even that nice a car," he mumbled, flicking a crumb off the table.

"But why's she down here talking to you?"

"That's the interesting thing. See, he was in surgery, getting his internal bleeding sewn up, but it was so bad, and it was taking too long. Two doctors came out to talk to her every hour." He held up two fingers to make his point. "They said, we're working on it. He's stable. Then after four hours, three doctors come out." He held up three fingers that time, as if this illustrated more strongly. "And she knows from when her father had cancer, three doctors coming out after surgery? Bad news. If one doctor is attacked by a violent family member, the other is there to hold him down, and the third is to call security. So she saw three and ran down here before they spoke to her."

"And like a shepherd with a lost lamb, you found her."

"If my son won't see me, at least I can do some good down here."

"Like buying my mother's house."

"You're getting the idea."

I didn't trust him, not one bit. I didn't believe he stayed in the cafeteria to be in the sphere of his estranged child. I didn't believe Jonathan had misconstrued a lifetime of manipulation and bad deeds. It wasn't the facts before me that drove my mistrust, it was simply that I had to pick someone to believe, and I chose my husband.

Yet, if I was going to do what needed to be done, I was going to have to trust him just enough to keep his word.

"He's dying, Declan. That suture tears a little more each day. He bleeds into himself. A couple of days is all he's got. Tell me you're down here to do some good, and we can talk about something."

He shifted in his seat until he faced me, elbows on the table.

"Go on."

"I'm a distraught wife. I might just suggest things I shouldn't."

"Grain of salt taken. And congratulations, by the way."

I ignored his glance at the borrowed ring and the spiral that could lead down. "There's a heart with the right blood type in this hospital," I said. "It's connected to a dead f**king brain. I want it."

"The Italian. Patalano, I believe? Paulie Patalano?"

"He filled out a donor card, but there's no living will. His family's keeping him alive with machines and prayer. It's time for the machines to give the prayers a chance to work."

"And?"

He wasn't going to give me anything. If he intuited what I was asking, he wasn't going to step up and verbalize it. I was going to have to do all the heavy lifting.

"And I think that if someone could arrange an opening in security, that heart could be available real soon."

He studied me, as if seeing me for the first time. The depth of it made me uncomfortable, as if fingers rooted around my insides, knocking around corners and dark places. I stayed still. Let the f**ker try and figure me out. I didn't have all that many corners, and at that point, I didn't care what he turned up.

"Who would go through the opening?" he asked, an eyebrow lifted.

"Me." I said it without question or lilt in my voice.

"I admit, I thought he cared about you because you were beautiful," Declan said. "But I was wrong. You're loyal to the point of martyrdom."

"I'm tired of praying for miracles."

"You might need a miracle after the deed is done."

"I'll take my chances with him alive."

He smirked, and I saw Jonathan's face again, in his one-sided grin.

"You think because Patalano's brain dead already you can get off. If you play the distressed woman, of course. And who would doubt you? As his wife, you have more to gain from him dying than living. And with the Drazen machine behind you? How could any judge even send it to a jury, much less convict?"

Murder. It was the word he'd avoided.

"I'm sure it won't be that easy." Despite the conversation, I was struck by a thought I couldn't get out of my head. I hadn't even wanted to date Jonathan, and there I was, ready to commit murder for him. "For you, maybe. You're Teflon."

"More well-seasoned cast iron," he joked. "But what's in it for me?"

"There's nothing I can offer you but Jonathan's life."

He nodded then, with a slight twitch of his hand, indicated the entirety of the cafeteria, and with that twitch, he told me that Jonathan's life, simply spared wasn't enough. He would still be relegated to the cafeteria at Sequoia Hospital.

"I'm no martyr," he said. "My relationship with some of my family is painful. I don't want any of them leaving this world a stranger."

"I don't know if there's anything I can say that will change his mind."

"Let me know when you figure it out."

That was it. That was the deal I was offered. Get Declan in to see Jonathan, give him a heart attack that'll kill him for sure. Don't get Declan in, and watch Jonathan die while some brainless mobster down the hall kept a heart alive for someone else.

CHAPTER 32.

MONICA

I stood outside Jonathan's door, listening to the symphony of instruments that kept him alive. I hated them. They intruded, bullying me into remembering my place when he and I were alone together.

He faced away from the door, the tendons of his neck and the line of his jaw pale in the morning light. He turned when I tiptoed in, and held his hand out for me. I kissed it, then his lips.

"Goddess." His voice was shredded, his breath was audible. I'd die myself if I had to watch him deteriorate like this.

"How do you feel?"

"With you here?" He touched my cheek, his fingertips electric on my face, even in his condition. "Like f**king, but probably a bad idea."

"I have a headache anyway."

"How does it feel to be Mrs. Drazen?"

"You didn't need to marry me to protect me from your father."

"He destroys everything of mine he's ever touched. And look, he's already stepped in to get control of you."

This was going to be hard. How could I bring up seeing Declan now? He'd be convinced his father was a puppetmaster pulling my strings.

"I married you for the right reasons. Not out of desperation."

"Desperation's all I have. There's something unfinished in my life, and it's us. I needed you to be bound to me, in front of heaven and earth. I'm glad we did it."

"I'm afraid I gave you permission to die."

"I don't need your permission."

He seemed so collected when he said that, as if he was totally okay with leaving me, and marrying me was just him tidying up his affairs. I felt a spark of rage, and clenched my teeth. But as his thumb stroked my jaw, the anger melted into irritation, then mild annoyance, and into a liquid place that had been the base coat of my anger all day. The rush of sadness that came felt physical in its force, washing over me, pulling me into an undertow of grief. He was dead already. He knew it. A simple fact that I hadn't come to terms with, holding out this ridiculous hope for a sickening accident. A dead man stroked my cheek, and the awakening between my legs from that touch was a ghastly perversion. I wanted a corpse. He looked ready for a coffin, peaceful at last, hands crossed over his chest, left ring finger bulging and swollen around his keyring band.

I broke like an egg, splatting yolk and clear albumin, eyes falling apart under the weight of my tears, my nose clogged, lungs kicking air in hitched gulps. He touched my tears, but couldn't do anything else. He could barely lift his own head. I turned my wet, ugly, twisted face onto his palm and let him feel my sobbing contortions.

"Goddess, please," he said.

But I was past the point of reason. "I'd kill for you, Jonathan. If I could-"

"Shh. That's enough."

I couldn't finish speaking anyway, by breathing was so charged with sobs. I swallowed a pint of gunk that had collected in my throat and squeezed my eyes shut until I stopped crying long enough to get a sentence out.

"If I can, I will," I said. "You mark my words."

"Okay. Just, hush."

"I'm going to suggest something. I don't want you to have a heart attack over it." I snapped up tissues and wiped my face. My eyes felt swollen and pained.

"Funny girl."

"Your father has been in the cafeteria for a week to be near you."

"Fuck, Monica. No. What did he say to you?"

I put my hands on either side of him and leaned over his face, blocking the light from the window.

"I'll make a deal with the devil to save you."

"Don't. Whatever it is, don't do it."

"I'm giving you a reason to live."

He swallowed hard and stared past me, at the ceiling.

"You are my reason to live. Fuck." His lips moved in a litany of f**ks that had no sound. They were made of breath and panic. I glanced at the machines, they seemed okay, not that I knew what that meant. They weren't beeping or honking, the stylus that kept track of his heartbeat was making the same scritchy noise it always did.

"It's okay," I said, but was it? I had no guarantee I wasn't being f**ked with royally. I had no idea who I was dealing with. Declan seemed to be a different person to everyone who spoke about him. Who was he to me? And would I find out the hard way?

"I'm stuck here," he said. "I can't do anything but trust you, can I?"

"No. You can't. I love you, you have to know that."

"I know it. But your decision-making..."

"I decided to wait you out when you left me. I decided to ask you for exclusivity. I decided to let you kiss me on Mulholland Drive. I could go on."

"Maybe later," he said weakly.

"Will you do it for me, though? See your father?"

I put everything into the question, and that was a mistake. He shouldn't see any emotion from me with regard to Declan. I should have played blithe or irritated. But I'd played it honest and I didn't realize my error until the machines started whining and Jonathan's eyes closed.

CHAPTER 33.

JONATHAN

Fiona had gotten kicked in the chest once, at the riding academy, as she was making a token attempt to learn to check a hoof for splits. The thoroughbred had just gotten annoyed, and Fiona, who never listened to a damn thing anyone said, had been sitting in the wrong spot. She went flying. Two broken ribs and a bruised ego later, she quit riding.

I'd probably never see Fiona again to tell her getting defibrillated repeatedly felt the same as getting kicked in the chest by a horse looked.

Monica stood in the corner, wringing her hands like she wanted to break a bone. She was terrified. I must have gone into arrest at some point in our conversation. I forgot what I'd said.

"How are you feeling Mister Drazen?" asked the doctor, a young guy I'd seen pass through a couple of times. He looked at his chart and barked orders immediately after the question. The number of people in the room had doubled in the minute I was unconscious.

"Like a newlywed."

"Congratulations." He listened to my heart, eyes on an instrument panel. "You've taken quite a beating. I don't know how many more times we can do this."

"What's the world record? I want to break it."

"Stop trying to be funny," Monica said from her corner.

"Joking in this situation is common, Miss," the doctor said as he scribbled something on the chart, speaking medicalese to the nurse before and after his statement.

"What situation is that?"

My wife was about to verbally cross-check the doctor, I saw it in the fact that she wouldn't look at me. She only had laser-hot eyes for the guy in the scrubs. As if he could feel her seething, he stopped mumbling nonsense to the nurse and turned to her.

"He needs a heart, Miss."

"Or what?"

I could see the thrust of this conversation a mile away, even feeling like a bag of shit, with the hiss of oxygen tubes drowning out much of what was being said. If the doctor mentioned, implied, or thought about my death, she was going to go ballistic and get escorted out. I didn't want her to have to negotiate reentry. Every minute without her was a minute wasted.

"Goddess?"

She didn't answer.

"Monica," I tried to put dominance in my voice, and I know I came up short, but as if hearing the intention and not the result, she turned toward me. "Go get my father for me, would you?"

CHAPTER 34.

MONICA

Any shadow of a feeling resembling doubt left my mind when those machines went crazy. I was in empty panic when they all rushed in, and when they put this paddles on this chest and he convulsed, well, the empty panic turned to something else. Something like, when you feel pressure in your bladder, you go to the bathroom. You may stop and do other things, but your ultimate goal, at some point is to release that pressure. Everything else is either a distraction, or a means to an end.

When I walked out of Jonathan's room to get his father, I had absolutely nothing on my mind but making sure some motherfucker put a new heart in him. I did not ever want to see that again. I never, ever wanted to get used to it. If I went to jail for killing someone who was already pretty much dead, f**k it. I could be cool with that.

Declan paced the lobby, phone pressed to his ear. Even as exhausted as he must have been, he looked clean, energetic and calm. This must be a Drazen thing. Only Leanne in her general slovenliness and Sheila in her constant backbitten rage ever seemed a tick to the left of perfect. And Theresa, who looked buffed and polished when I'd met her before, had looked like she'd run a marathon in pumps when she came to the hospital. Maybe they were all human after all.

Except, Declan of course, who had been described as less than human, yet somehow had shown me only a vulnerable face. He saw me and held up a finger for me to wait. I didn't have time for him. I scribbled -Room 7719 NOW- in one of the last blank pages in my notebook, tore it out, and slapped it in his hand. I walked away before he had a chance to answer. I had to assume he'd go up. I didn't have time to baby him, and I certainly didn't want a verbal cat and mouse.

I took the stairs to the fourth floor and strode to Dr. Thorensen's office. He was going to assure me Jonathan was at the top of that list and I wanted an update on Paulie Patalano's health. A cleaning cart stood outside the open door. He wasn't there, but his screens were flashing and blazing with some twisted circle in the City of Dis, frozen in time, characters halted mid-action, a puzzle half-done. On the smallest screen, off to the right, a blinking text box with nothing in it, and above it, a list.

I couldn't help myself. I looked. Each item on the list was the word PATIENT followed by a long string of letters and numbers. A location. A gender. A blood type. A colored box. Red. Orange. Yellow. It was all red at the top of the list, and the number two patient was in Los Angeles, California. He had AB negative blood. Jonathan. A f**king alphabet soup string with a red box at the end. My lover. My husband. Patient KJE873KP7988. M. LA, CA. AB-. Code red.

"Excuse me?"

A short lady in soft shoes and maintenance gear stood in the doorway. Her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail and her hands were covered in yellow plastic gloves.

I didn't belong there.

"Sorry," I said. "I was just leaving."

I walked past her before she could ask me what new horror I'd seen.

CHAPTER 35.

MONICA

He was home. What a nerve. Sitting in his house on a hill with his manicured garden of native plants and his refinished wood porch. He'd been sorry he hadn't gotten close to me sooner, well, let's just see how he felt about meeting me at all.

"Monica," he said when he opened the door in sweatpants and t-shirt. I'd banged on the doors with both fists, not caring if I woke him from a dead sleep or mid-video.

"Is he going to die?" I demanded.

"Can you come in?"

"No. Tell me. Is he getting a heart or not?"

"I have no way of knowing that."

"Why is he second on the list?"

He held up his hands as if he was fending off an attack. "What are you talking about?"

"I went to your office and saw the list and he's second. Which means he gets the second heart that comes."

"First of all-"

"Yes I'm sorry I went into your office I was looking for you but, to be honest? Not sorry."

He stiffened like he'd been hit been frozen in place. "It's Sunday. You can call my Doheny office after 9am to make an appointment, but I'm booked until January."

He didn't exactly slam the door, but he closed it, and I looked through the leaded glass side windows to see him go out to the backyard. I stood still for a second, maybe ten, before I walked over to my house.

Not my house. Not my mother's house. Not the bank's house. J. Declan Drazen's house.

It looked like I was going to have to move anyway. If I lost Jonathan, and that looked more likely with every passing hour, I couldn't stay here. He'd married me so I'd have the means to avoid his father. The foolish manipulations of a sick man.

I passed the car and walked up to my porch. I didn't go in the house, though I could have used a shower and the love of a toothbrush, but walked the floorboards where we'd stood as he put his pu**y-soaked fingers in my mouth, and sat on the swing where he'd left me to protect me from ruination. Looking out into the street, I thought only of what I had to do next. Jonathan was talking to Declan right now, a stressful situation I'd put him in, and then Declan would create an opening for me to murder Paulie Patalano. But what was the use if he was second on the list? If they were shipping that bloody muscle mass to someone else, what was the possibility I was committing murder to save the wrong man?

I could have implored Brad to do something, anything, pull a string or ten, but I'd invaded his privacy. Should have known better.

My own heart started pounding as I wondered which of my f**kups was going to kill Jonathan. I played with the rings on my finger, both heavy with commitment to my course and my love.

A curtain moved in Brad's house. He could see me, I knew that much. I also knew I didn't want to be seen. I was thinking evil things. I might as well have been naked, in ready position on the porch.

Yes, I was thinking, evil, desperate thoughts and I knew they were all over my face. If Paulie's heart went to someone else, at least I'd move Jonathan to the top.

I got in my car just as Brad opened his front door, taking off before he could catch me.

CHAPTER 36.

JONATHAN

I felt him come into the room. Even through the doctors and nurses, running around, poking, squeezing, barking orders at one another, his presence was a needle at the base of my spine.

"Son," he said.

"What do you want?"

I didn't look over. My scenery was the ceiling. If I lived, I was going to start a fund to put art on hospital ceilings for patients who were too f**ked up to turn their head. No one should die looking at crusty paint and vinyl venting.

"I wanted to talk to you. To, ah, how do I say it?"

"Before I die. You want to live in peace."

"Am I that selfish?"

I swallowed. I felt myself slipping into the shattered state of semi-consciousness that so often overtook me. Getting married had required more energy than my body could reserve. The last thing I should be doing was speaking to my father. I guessed, if I got one act to complete as Monica's husband, it should be to make her happy. I wished she'd picked something easier. Like swallowing an elephant.

The room quieted, and a nurse whose voice I recognized as a woman named Lettie said, "We're monitoring you closely, Mister Drazen. Is there anything you need?"

"No."

"We'll be in and out," she said, patting my shoulder before leaving me alone with my father for the first time in ten years.

"Mom's going to be here soon."

"That was what I wanted to bring up."

"Do it quick."

He sat in Monica's chair, and I didn't have the energy to tell him to get the f**k up.

"I know what you and Carrie think of me. I know you think I'm a monster. Maybe, I don't know. Maybe I am. I've always known I was different, but I want you to consider this. I've never done anything in a rage of emotion. I've never been ruled by what I don't understand. I've never deceived myself into thinking my actions were anything but self-serving. However, I do want things. I do need things."

I reacted. It was half laugh, half groan, but I was so focused on staying together I thought nothing showed on my face. But everything must have been there. Disdain. Disbelief. Disgust.

"You don't believe me."

"Oh, I believe you."

"In my life, I know I've done everything I could to keep this family together. Nothing is as important to me. And when I see it breaking, it...troubles me."

Even Dad had a safe place, apparently. I knew I smiled at the thought, but I felt out of myself.

"And me here reminds you of how you f**ked it all up?" I asked.

"Not exactly."

Lettie bustled in, checked my tubes. "You have visitors," she said. "Do you want to see them?"

"Five minutes."

She took her time, tapping into a computer, taking notes. When a man came in, doctor or nurse, I couldn't tell, they spoke briefly in medicalese, the one language I didn't know, and left soon after.

"You're close to the end, you know," Dad said.

"See you in hell." I was being obstructive, because it was easy.

"You're making this hard for me."

"Just tell me what you want."

I heard him shift in his seat, flashed movement from the corner of my eye. "I want your mother. She's entrenched in her position. She can't forget the past. I need what's left of this family to work before...well, before."

"Your philandering isn't her fault."

"I need you to talk to her. She won't ignore your request."

I wanted something from him, something big, but I had nothing to threaten him with, nothing to ensure he'd keep his promises. What was I supposed to do? Plead? I was already flat on my back.

"Stay away from my wife."

"I don't know what you mean?"

"Sell that house. Hello and good-bye. That's it." I couldn't go into longer explanations of all the things I didn't want him to do. Touch her. Tell her jokes. Communicate with her unsupervised. Entangle her business. Go to her second wedding. Breathe her air. Exist on her planet.

"Promise it," I said, feeling the futility of my demand. What was I going to do? Hold my pinkie out for a good twist or make him swear on a stack of Bibles? What was the devil's promise worth without a blood guarantee?

"You'll speak to your mother?"

"Yes."

"If you convince her, you have a deal."

"If not?"

"Then, not. I'm sorry. My promise is contingent on the actions of a third party."

"I despise you."

"What if I told you I loved you?"

"You don't have the capacity."

I may have said that, or something else, but the space around me fell into a dream with disembodied voices and floating lights, with a touch of pain, just to keep me from sleep.

CHAPTER 37.

MONICA

I waited in the cafeteria, alone. I wrote a little, some verses about murder that could probably be used against me in a court of law, with the judge unmoved toward leniency by the fact that they were atrocious, puerile, on-the-nose.

Whatever was going on, it was taking too long. I went up to Jonathan's floor and found Deirdre staring at a magazine that couldn't have been of interest to her, and Sheila pacing like she wanted to carve a ditch in the floor. His mother stood, as usual, next to the chair closest to the hall leading to his room, which was by the elevator. So, she caught me first, and I thought of something I hadn't before. She was my mother in-law. I wasn't calling her Mom. No way.

"Hi, Eileen."

She smiled a smile so fake I could have bought it at Nordstrom's on the sale rack. "Monica. I hear congratulations are in order." She indicated my left hand with its borrowed engagement ring and jury-rigged wedding band.

"Thanks. How is he?"

Her face darkened. "They're constantly in there..." Her eyes got wet. The coldness of her expression when I entered had hidden the fact that she was breaking apart. She cleared her throat and straightened her neck. "A heart will come. I know it. I can feel it."

"I can too."

Her hand slipped into mine and I squeezed it. All our bullshit fell away for a second. This was her son. We loved the same person. She wouldn't be easy to deal with, but we were bound by him, whether we liked it or not. Then she smiled a couture smile, and even kind of warmish, as if something happened between us that had meaning to her. I promised myself to never again forget that her goal was to protect him. That was worth something.

I gave her hand a squeeze and sat next to Deirdre.

"Hi."

"Hi," she replied. "You got married last night."

"Yeah."

She nodded.

"I would have married him anyway, you know."

"I do." She flipped through her magazine.

"I think you're mother's pissed about it."

"There wasn't a pre-nup. Jonathan doesn't believe in them. Neither do I."

"Ah, I hadn't thought about that."

She shrugged, still mindlessly going through the magazine. "Neither does God."

I'd never engaged Deirdre for such a non-antagonistic string of sentences, but that was all I was getting from her. She settled on an article and for all intents and purposes, read it. I cupped my tea and gave the television my attention. It was set too low to hear, but the talking head with the perfect hair had a floating box next to him, and in it, Paulie Patalano, mob boss, philanthropist, murderer, drinking wine with his wife in a picture captured in happier days. The ticker described him as brain dead, as if I needed the reminder, and placed him in an unknown location. The picture flipped to three mug shots. I didn't recognize but one face. The brown eyed man who had come in with Theresa. Even in the mug shot he was handsome, angry, with a knowing grin that frightened me.

My newly-minted mother in-law didn't see the television, as her gaze stayed in the middle distance. Sheila was on the phone threatening someone, and Deirdre was into her magazine. Declan was either seeing Jonathan, or making arrangements for me to kill someone. I'd need to be ready. It was time for me to see Paulie Patalano in his undisclosed location.

I excused myself and took the elevator to the second floor. I scoped out the stairwell, wondering if I should take it next time, then more complications presented themselves. First being, how would I find him? How would I do it once I got there? How could I be sure Declan's job was done?

Who did I think I was?

In pacing, and beating the hell out of myself, I rounded a few corners, trying to look for something I'd never defined, only finding ignorance and a lack of expertise in the simple skill of murder. I had a scattered entry plan and a slight hope I'd only get caught when it was too late to do anything but harvest Patalano's organs. After that, just confess and let Jonathan's family talk him into annulling my marriage. But he'd be alive. I could deal with the rest if he lived.

The squawk of a police radio made me look up before I crashed into the uniformed cop. He was in his thirties, and seemed to take up more space than humanly possible. A female counterpart stood nearby.

"Staff only," he said, blocking my way to the narrow hall.

"Uh, okay?" I peered past him. The hall looked like every other one, except for the lack of flitting staff and the presence of three old Italian women in black. This was the hall.

I made note of the location and walked away.

I knew Brad had said he'd be in his Doheny office, but I checked anyway. He was just my neighbor, and he meant nothing to me, but I'd stepped on him in a way guaranteed to offend him. I didn't want to leave things like that.

He was there, on his way out the door, clipboard in hand. He slowed when he saw me, which I took as a good sign.

"I know you're busy." I said. "I just wanted to apologize."

He kept walking. "I want to explain how serious what you did is, but I have a meeting."

"I know. I have reasons, but not excuses."

He pulled me to the side, out of the hall traffic. "I only have a second. I don't want to make you feel better, because I'm still pissed off. But first of all, the list doesn't work the way you think. Geography is important. The state of the patient. The gender. It's not like a line for coffee. But second, you're not getting away with it. When this is over, you're sitting with me and I'm explaining to you the ten ways you f**ked up." He was taller than me, and used to being in charge. He had the arrogance of a cardiologist, and the authority of a man not called by his first name. But when he looked at me, I knew he wasn't half as pissed as his words let on.

"All right."

"Over dinner." He must have seen me turn to ice. "Platonic. If you knew me better, this wouldn't have happened. That's all I want."

"I guess I owe you."

"You do." He walked away. Had he just asked me out? Yes and no. Jonathan wouldn't be thrilled, but Brad didn't expect Jonathan to be around, did he?

CHAPTER 38.

MONICA

I had to see him once again before I did this thing and they dragged me away. Just put my fingers on his lips before I faced what I had to face. I wasn't going to tell him what I was doing, because he'd be an accessory if he didn't stop me, and suicidal if he did. I was going to stand with him clean, as his mate, if even for an hour.

I got out of the elevator on Jonathan's floor, and made a right instead of a left, to check the placement of the stairwell closest to Patalano's room. I stopped at the turn as if a brick wall was in my way.

Margie and Will Santon stood in a corner, too close for friendship, too far for intimacy, hands up, Margie pointing and accusing, Will's in supplication. Their words were inaudible, but their faces shouted rage, hurt, and frustration. I'd have to check the placement of the stairs on the little map by the elevator, because I wasn't just strolling past them. I turned and walked away.

I got two steps before I felt a hand on my arm. Margie slowed me down. She looked drawn and upset, and though I didn't know her that well, I was sure she didn't want me to ask her what was going on with Will.

"I was just-" I started to explain exactly nothing, and was grateful for her interruption.

"Forget it."

"Where have you been?"

"This family's a full-time f**king job. Congratulations, by the way. Well done. One less pre-nup to argue over."

"It didn't even occur to me."

"Him either, I'm sure. But I want to tell you, if he doesn't make it through tonight, I have your back. I'll do what my brother wanted."

"He's not dead yet."

She grabbed me by the shoulders and put her eyes square with mine, as if she wanted to tell me something; something critical and painful, but instead she threw her arms around me and held me so tightly I thought my ribs would break.

"I envy you," she said. "You know that?"

"If something goes bad," I said into her ear, "like if I do something wrong, would you represent me? No matter what?"

She pushed me away, holding me by the shoulders. "What are you talking about?"

"Stuff. Life. Say yes."

"Fine." I caught Will out of the corner of my eye, and her gaze flicked to him, then back to me. "Go see him. I'll be there in a minute."

CHAPTER 39.

MONICA

There were doctors and nurses everywhere. Clean white sheets and sage scrubs. Trays of uneaten food and plastic detritus in soothing, meaningless colors. The lights pinpoint and dull as if this would help him sleep with the human traffic in the room.

The doctor wasn't much older than I was, but I knew her from the way she asked questions instead of answered them.

"Hi," I said.

"You're the wife?"

The title still hit me like a bag of flour.

"Yeah. I'd like, I don't know. Time. A little."

"You got it."

She hustled everyone out, and it was just me and him. He looked like someone had painted him white. If I thought it was hard to see him after his disastrous operation, well, this was worse. This was where it came down to me accepting that this was what it was, or me living in a f**king illusion.

"Good evening, sir," I said.

"Get over here." His voice was no better than a whisper breaking through a stone wall. There was effort in it, as if he carried me uphill. I put my elbows on either side of his head and touched my nose to his.

"Jonathan, I..."

"You look beautiful."

"You made me so happy. I wanted to tell you that."

"I played with you in the beginning. And I wasted too much time lying to you."

"That's over now."

"Actually..."

He paused, and I knew why.

"You're kidding," said.

"The night of the Eclipse show, when I went to Jessica's..."

"La la la I don't hear you."

"There was more than kissing."

I let my neck release the weight of my head, dropping it until my forehead was on his shoulder. "Go ahead," I said.

"Second base."

From his reaction, the way he stroked my arm and nuzzled my hair, he must have thought my shaking shoulders and hitched breaths were signs that I was crying. But when I picked my head back up and he saw that I was laughing, he smiled.

"So it's okay?" he asked.

"Yes, it's okay. Is there anything else? I mean, seriously. Something that matters?"

"No. But my brain's not working very well. So something might come up later."

I put my cheek to his, because he spoke about later as if it was going to happen. He felt cold against me already.

"You never told me about our wedding night," he said. "I carry you into our house over my shoulder."

I bite my lip. He doesn't want sad. He wants to have a life in his mind. I could give that to him.

"I'm laughing, because Lil can see us, and the whole caveman thing is hilarious. I know you have something planned, but I have no idea what. The house is on a hill in Beechwood Canyon. Can we do Beechwood Canyon?"

"For the sake of this conversation."

"It's a modernist masterpiece in the hills, with walls of windows looking over the city. You close the door behind us, and carry me through the dark house, out to the backyard. It's lit with tea lights and the pool has lights in it. Everything shimmers like it's under water. You get me to my feet, and say, 'Take your hair down.'"

I raise my arms to pull a hundred pins and braids out of my hair. My arms are out of the way, and you use the opening to kiss my cheek, my neck. Your hands follow, landing on my collarbone. You drag your thumb across it, and down. You find the zipper to my wedding dress on the side, and pull it. I'm still not done with my hair. I admit I'm going super slow, but it's starting to fall out of its arrangement. You pull the dress down until it pools at my feet. Your hands find the edges of my underwear. It's all straps and rings. My hair falls totally. You step back and look at me. I feel beautiful. You've made me feel like that all day, looking at me like that in your black tux. I say, 'What do you want, sir?' And you say-"

"I say this," he interrupts, even with his rasp of a voice, I stop. "I say, 'tomorrow I'm going to destroy you. I'm going to mark your body and ruin your mind. By noon, you won't know whether to laugh or cry. But tonight? Tonight, I will revere you. I will build an altar of myself. I will frame you in stars.'"

"God, you make me crazy when you talk like that."

"There's a blanket on the grass. I lead you to it. You lie down."

"The night is clear. The stars are out."

"My lips on your body trace the story of my love."

My eyelashes fluttered on his cheek. "I try to touch you, but you won't let me. God, you're still in that tuxedo."

"I took it off."

"When?"

"When I say, Goddess."

I sighed, going with him. He was naked. "You're perfect. Shaped for me."

He swallowed thickly. "I kiss your ankles. Pull your legs apart. I draw a map to your sex with my tongue. I feel overtaken. In my guts, I need to yank you, pound you with my dick, make you scream and beg. But I hold back. Kiss behind your knees. I control myself for you."

"I want you, you're all I can think about."

"I'm losing steam."

His eyes filling my visions, red rims and pale skin, soaked in exhaustion, he needed me to create this for him, for us. I took a deep breath and kissed his cheek, letting my lips linger on him. "Your lips inside my thighs. Your tongue finding its way to me. You kiss my clit. You finger my ni**les. You're touching me just enough to drive me crazy. Your mouth works between my legs. Sucking and twitching. I arch my back. I'm so close when you stop. And you know it too. You pull me to you. We kiss. I taste my pu**y on you."

"Wait."

"What?"

"I turn you around. We're both on our knees. Your back is against me. I push you up, spread you. I put my dick in you and you push down."

"You're so hard. And I'm so wet. And it's so easy isn't it? Wasn't it always so easy for you to put your c**k in me? Like you were meant to be there."

"I pull your head back, until you're looking at the sky. Hold your face up. My hand is on your throat."

"Your other hand slips between my legs. You touch where we're joined."

"I look at the stars with you."

"I move with you. I'm safe under the sky. I feel you everywhere on me. I'm filled with you. I tell you I'm coming."

"I say, 'yes.'"

We stayed silent for a minute, deeply joined, as if he were inside me, expanding together, into each other, fully unified, merged, consciousness where our bodies should have been.

"I love you," I whispered.

"Please stay with me."

I didn't answer for a long time, I just kept my face buried in his neck and listened to his breathing. At some point, I was going to have to leave and meet with Declan. If not to get the whens and wherefores, then to kick his ass for not holding up his end of the deal, but how could I?

"Your family's going to want to see you," I said.

"You ever want sisters?" he asked.

"Always."

"You're welcome."

I laughed. He smiled. "They're outside. I'm going to take care of some business and come back, okay?"

"Stay."

I kissed his cheek. It felt warmer than it did before our pretend wedding night, and I lingered there.

"I'll be back."

"Stay."

"I can't. I promise-"

"Stay."

I backed up and let his hand slip from mine.

CHAPTER 40.

MONICA

When I walked out, I must have been a sight. The bright lights of the hall hurt my eyes, and my hair was a rat's nest pressed in the shape of Jonathan's fingers.

Eileen approached. "How is he?"

I didn't say anything. There were doctors to report facts to her, all I could say was something like, "he can barely tell me how he's going to f**k me, because he's dying," and that wouldn't be helpful, least of all me. Eileen passed me, then Sheila, then Margie and Deirdre. Leanne in Asia. Carrie far away. Theresa in some kind of trouble. Fiona, entourage-free for once, scuttled down the hall and blew past me.

Declan drew up the rear and whispered in my ear. "Fifteen minutes to a fire drill on the second floor. They don't move brain dead patients for drills. He'll be alone. Staff's been arranged. Cops are a wild card. Good luck." He winked at me with real elan, as if this was just delicious, and as much as I'd doubted Jonathan's fear and hatred of his father, in that moment, I knew it wasn't completely unfounded.

CHAPTER 41.

MONICA

I had fifteen minutes.

I felt very far away, my body a borrowed suit, my mind a blunt instrument, my soul in a room full of family, curled up next to a dying man. Fifteen minutes. This was time to kill. I couldn't sit still. I went to the vending machines and stared at cheerful paper packets of synthetics, crisp under the unappetizing blue light. A refrigerator-sized box of cola containers, eleven buttons, all yielding the same drink, I felt like an alien standing in front of something new and unknown. People about to commit murder in movies seemed so sharp and aware in ways that were useful. They could kick and punch with lightning reflexes. This wasn't like that at all. This was more like walking under water.

Ten minutes.

More than anything, I wanted to rest. The thought of finding a waiting room and falling asleep on a couch seemed very appealing. I'd sleep through my opportunity, and none of it would be my fault. Jonathan would die tomorrow or the next day, but I'd be okay. I'd go to work on Tuesday, and just go on like I had before. Except for never touching him again, or hearing his voice, or kneeling before him like the slave I was, all the other chunks of my life would be the same.

Ultimately, I was being selfish. I wanted him to live for my sake. Because knowing he was there soothed me. Because I didn't truly believe I had any control over myself or my life if he wasn't there. Because without him, things were wrong.

The wrongness was my perception. The world would be fine without him. Really. He wasn't Mother Theresa.

Five minutes.

Are you talking yourself out of this?

Calm, yet somehow panicked, like a wheel moving so fast it appeared to be still, I went up the stairs. I knew where I had to go, physically, but mentally, I felt as if I'd painted the floor from door to corner in blood.

I pushed open the door with my fist and walked into the second floor. It was after 2am. Skeleton crew. No visitors. I made eye contact with the cop reading the paper, because any less would make me out to be suspicious before I did this thing. And this thing needed doing.

Three minutes.

I went to the bathroom. The mirrors were streaked with cheap cleaning fluid, and my face looked poorly-wiped, tired, too f**king thin by a lot. I didn't look strong enough to do this. I looked like a wax doll.

One minute.

No. I couldn't do it. I was going to have to just deal with life without him and everything we could have been to each other. I was going to have to let him die. I couldn't rescue him. I wasn't strong enough, and it wasn't the consequences that would break me, but the act itself. I didn't have the spine for brutality. I was a child in over her head. A spineless coward, and an exhausted, hungry, stupid child.

A light flashed, and a squeal cut the air.

I was going to stay in the bathroom and watch myself fail in the mirror, and when they came to evacuate me for the drill, I'd run out with the crowd in a nice, orderly, single file line.

I wasn't going to do it.

CHAPTER 42.

MONICA

People in movies, apparently, manage to obtain reflexes in moments of stress, and the rest of us dream that this will happen to us; that when we're at the edge of the cliff we can jump to safety, or to rescue, magically stronger and faster then we'd been an hour earlier. We're entertained by the idea that we could be that capable when it's necessary, and our daily incompetence is simply that we're not challenged enough.

That never happens, of course, because you know, life doesn't happen on the edges of cliffs. It happens in bathrooms and hallways. It happens when a fire alarm goes off and all the avoidance slips away like a silk nightgown. For me, it happened by the second whoop of the siren, when everything clicked together.

Go time.

This was my purpose. Every choice I'd made had led me here. If I denied it, I'd be the walking dead.

Humanity scurrying, shouting, parts of a machine spinning and thrusting, patients wheeled down the hall, a nurse demanding I go left, me doing it, then flipping back as soon as she turned away. A security guard shouted to me. I gave him the thumbs up and continued, grabbed some coat slung over a chair as if I'd turned to retrieve my things, and again, I turned another corner when his attention shifted.

There would be cameras, and they'd see me. I didn't waste my time trying to dodge them. I was going to get caught and I was going to take my lumps. Shame. Prison. A destroyed career.

Patalano's hallway was clear. Declan must have taken care of this. A fire drill was a diversion so obvious, the police would have planned for it and even the stupidest mobster would have dismissed it, yet, they were gone.

I walked into his room.

It was dark, and he was alone, lying on his back. Everything was exactly what I expected, like I was walking into a familiar place. The whoosh and hum of the machines was drowned out by the siren. They were bigger than the ones in Jonathan's room, with more dials and gauges. Patalano's face was hidden by tubes going down his throat, and a bandage on his head. His neck was kept stable by a plastic apparatus, and the eyes taped shut.

I waved my hand in front of it. Nothing happened. I don't know what I was checking for, or what about this mattered. He was brain dead. His body was a life system for a functioning heart muscle. End of story. I tore myself away from him and focused on the machines. There had to be a switch or a plug. Right?

There were switches and plugs everywhere, and nowhere. All the wires ran behind a two ton apparatus and disappeared.

Fuck. Why did I think this was going to be simple?

I flipped any switch I could get my hand on, and though the thing whined, there was no way to tell if what I was doing was having the necessary effect.

"That does absolutely nothing," came a voice from behind me. I recognized it immediately in its shocking cold efficiency. Jessica.

"Get out," I said.

In two steps she was at the machines, flipping everything back to the way it was. "You don't move a girl in a vegetative state and care for her for ten years without learning something."

"Get out!" I shouted.

"Listen," she shouted back. Our voices were covered by the fire alarm, but for how much longer? "Find his catheter."

I froze for a second, battling everything I believed about Jessica, and what I saw in front of me. She was trying to help me. Was it love? Or was she saving the goose and the golden eggs?

Did it matter?

I found the tube coming from the center of the bed and ending in a sealed bag under it. She saw me look at it.

"Put a kink in it. It'll back up and he'll die of septic shock in an hour."

A few drops of yellow liquid flowed through the tube. Jessica put her hand on my arm. She wasn't going to do it.

It was all me.

He loved me because he thought I was good. Would he love me if I ruined myself for him?

The fire alarm stopped. The silence was overwhelming. I could hear the forced breaths, and if I listened closely, the fluid running through the catheter and the beating of a superfluous heart.

"Do it," Jessica whispered.

Do it, and risk my own life. Do it, recognizing that Jonathan hadn't done it to Rachel, because he must have believed something bigger, deeper, more spiritual lived in our bodies. Do it, and lose Jonathan, even if he lived.

With a bend in my knee, and a twist in my wrist, I kinked that thing, and the fluid running through it stopped.

"Run," Jessica said, and was gone.

I became aware of voices, the squeak of gurneys, the rustle of human activity. I backed out of the room, watching that tube fill up.

In my ignorance, I hadn't silenced my phone, so when the bloop of a message came in, I jumped to turn the thing off. When I did, I saw it was from Brad.

-We have a heart. Coming from Ojai. One hour.-

Like a kid diving for the pinata candy, I went for that kinked catheter, and smoothed it until the liquid flowed. I ran out like I was coming back from a fire drill, slapped open the stairwell door, which was packed with people coming back from the drill, and backed into a corner, breathing in gasps like my soul had been saved at a minute's notice.

I waved away anyone who looked concerned. I just needed a moment to collect myself. Breathe. That was the scariest thing I had ever done.

"Ma'am?"

Two police officers, the woman and man I'd seen outside Patalano's hall.

"Yes?" I answered.

"Can you come with us?" the lady cop asked." My heart sank. They'd come for me, despite the unkinking of the catheter, I'd tried it. Attempted murder. Someone had seen me and pointed me out. When they unraveled everything, they'd see my prints all over the place. The video. My seemingly meaningless appearance in the hall the previous night. Of course.

I was finished.

CHAPTER 43.

JONATHAN

I heard a fire alarm, but apparently, it was on a lower floor. Nothing to panic about. My family laughed with relief, even my father, who I believed didn't actually understand levity. I stayed still and silent because I didn't have the wherewithal to do anything else. A room crowded with people who loved me, and I never felt so alone. I wanted Monica to come back. I felt childish wanting her so badly, but I felt scraped down to a nub, without habit or discipline, no expectations or social cues. Just the core wants and revulsions, unfiltered by a personality built up by half a lifetime's worth of experiences.

I was scared to die.

My body was uncomfortable.

I wanted Monica.

Past those three overwhelming sensations, I had only sensory inputs and petty feelings. Even the slight excitement that followed the end of the faraway fire drill didn't move me. Some happy news amongst my family, like an unlikely Dodger win or an upcoming wedding. People scurried in sage green and pink, shouting orders. My mother came to me, smiling and kissed my cheek, stroking it until Dr. Emerson, the silver-haired one who came in and out of my room seventeen times a day, pulled her away. Her face was replaced with his.

"We have a heart. It's a match. We're prepping you for surgery."

They handled my body like a jacket they were mending, and I felt humiliated and shut down, but hopeful.

"Monica." I choked the word out to a nurse I didn't recognize. She looked up and past me, to someone I couldn't see. There was a conversation I couldn't make out, then she said to me in a voice designed for clarity.

"We'll let her know."

"Where is she?"

"We don't know. Just keep still now."

She lifted my head and strung something around my neck. This was happening too fast. I'd already let Monica walk out of the room. I'd let it happen because I was weak and now I'd lost control of the situation entirely. That couldn't happen. They couldn't wheel me away and cut me open again without me seeing her. They'd done it last time, and look what happened (yes, make him believe she is his good luck charm)

"No!" I swung my arm, and it must have been truly pathetic, because they just strapped it down, easily, as if I was made of bone and rag.

I said her name to myself, over and over, but she didn't appear.

CHAPTER 44.

MONICA

I tried not to fidget, even after they took my phone.

I was raised to think cops believed fidgeting meant lying. I wasn't lying, much. I wasn't with the mob or associated with any kind of underground business, which is what they kept implying. I didn't know anyone they asked about. I was just me. One of the thousands of tall, skinny, struggling artists in this intestinal tract of a city.

"I wanted to look at him," I said. The guy cop tip-tapped into a laptop, and the lady cop leaned her elbows on the table. The break room stank of stale coffee, non-dairy creamer and sugar glaze.

"Why?" she asked.

"Because my husband's up on four waiting for a heart transplant, and this guy's brain dead, with this nice heart, and I just wanted to say a prayer that he died. I know that makes me a bad person."

I left it there. That was about as much lying as I thought I could get away with. I could have told the truth, but to what end? They weren't looking for someone who'd screwed with his catheter, their questions told me they were looking for a true assassin.

"That your ring?"

I held my hand out. "The diamond is his sister's."

"The other one's unusual."

"Quickie marriage to a dying man who I'd really like to see."

"Wait outside, please." They let me to a row of chairs they'd set up for people they were questioning. A stocky guy with black hair went in next. Fuck, how long could this take? I couldn't stop fidgeting. After twenty minutes, I looked at the clock.

Ten minutes to 3am. Did the morning count?

I waited for ten minutes, hands still, suddenly not feeling fidgety at all. When the second and minute hands hit the twelve, I closed my eyes and put my fingertips to my lips. I don't know how long I held them there, but they pressed my skin until the lady cop came out and handed me my phone and ID.

"You can go."

I ran like hell.

CHAPTER 45.

JONATHAN

It was bright. The people around me had voices that spoke like robots to each other and in fake kindness to me. They narrated what they were doing, but all I knew was, I was strapped to a gurney, staring at the ceiling, with no way to see what was happening around me.

"Okay," said a man somewhere behind me. "I'm Doctor Chen? How are we doing today?"

"Ask yourself half the answer."

"Right. Okay. I'm going to put this mask over your face. You need to just breathe and count backwards from ten."

"Wait."

He bent over to look at me. Asian guy. Mid thirties. Cap. Hissing gas mask in his gloved hand.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"Uhm..." He seemed put-upon by the question. "Three."

"Exactly three?"

"One minute til." He started to lower the mask again.

"Wait."

I looked around the room as far as my position would let me. Five people stood around me in the light blue uniform of doctors and nurses, hands up with the palms facing toward their shoulders. More scuttled in the background.

"Unstrap me," I said. "One hand." I didn't think it was loud enough over the ambient noise of the room. Dr. Chen, cleared his throat, and exchanged some silent communication with the other doctors.

"Mister Drazen-" he began.

"Please."

"You shouldn't be moving, now-"

"Please!" The plea came louder than I thought I was capable of.

Dead silence followed. The clock ticked, and though I couldn't hear or see it, I was aware of it in the beating of my f**ked up heart. I had, maybe thirty-five seconds.

"Mister Drazen," said Dr. Emerson. "You need to calm down."

"I'll calm down. Just do it. Please. Half a minute."

I couldn't see his face past the mask, but his eyes stilled, and he glanced at an instrument before turning back to me. "No flailing."

"No. No flailing."

He nodded to someone, and I felt movement at my left wrist. I didn't realize how tense I was until they let it go. Overwhelming gratitude flooded me, and a helix of fear unwound from my torso, though my limbs. When it reached my fingertips I slowly raised my hand.

"Can you tell me when it's exactly three?" I asked Dr. Chen.

He looked at the wall clock, and I noticed the rest of them standing, in silence, all looking in the same direction.

Chen counted down. "In four, three, two..."

I put my fingertips to my lips.

CHAPTER 46.

MONICA

I couldn't sit in that room any more. I was used to dealing with pain and worry by myself. I wasn't accustomed to group stress. When Dad died, Mom withdrew, aunts and uncles took off and I basically dealt with it myself. Having these sisters, who were mine only by dint of a forced union, wasn't the dream come true I'd imagined. They had personalities, and needs I didn't know how to meet, and I didn't know how to ask them for what I needed, because what I needed was to be alone.

So I quietly withdrew. Declan wasn't in the cafeteria any more, but upstairs with the women, sitting by his wife, not touching her. They spoke sweetly to one another, which all things considered, was an improvement.

I felt hopeful. They did nine of these a year. That was good. It was a lot, apparently. He was going to walk out of this hospital and we'd figure out what to do. I walked into the back parking lot, just seeking an open space under the sky, with a spring in my step, a little dreamy, hoping he'd want to stay married and move into the same house with me. The heart would last ten years, but maybe we could squeeze in another two, and maybe another one would come and buy us twenty years together. It seemed like forever. I saw Jessica's Mercedes, then her, lowering the trunk. She saw me and waved, but went for the driver's side door, the wave was all I was getting. I got to her just as she was pulling out.

"Hey!" I tapped on the window.

She lowered it. "Yes?"

"Thanks." That felt ridiculous, thanking her for telling me how to kill someone. "For helping." Still ridiculous. "I got a call on the way out and I put the tube back the way it was."

She just looked at me like I was nuts. "He have a heart or not?"

"He's in surgery. Do you want to stay? I mean, not for me, Lord knows. The family? They kinda consider you one of them."

"No, but thank you."

The window crawled up, and I stepped back as she pulled out.

I heard the squawk of police radios behind me, shocking me out of my reverie. Close. Coming for me. I turned around and found three uniformed cops running toward me, laden at the waist, fists on holsters.

I put my hands up.

A black and white came for me, sirens on. I put my palms on my head and got on my knees. Okay, they knew. I'd tried to kill Paulie Patalano. Fuck. Okay. Okayokayokay. Just submit. Just shut up and let them take you in and call Margie and let her work on it.

Right.

The car stopped, and the three cops blew past me, practically knocking me over. I cringed. There was yelling. Get out of the car.

I wasn't in a car.

Obviously.

I slowly took my hands off my head and opened my eyes.

One cop had his gun trained on the driver's seat of Jessica's Mercedes. Another opened the door. More stood behind car doors. One cop stood over me, the woman who had guarded Paulie Patalano's hallway.

"Not today, girlie," she said.

"I was just-"

"Save it. Nothing to see here." She shooed me.

I got up and backed away slowly, then quickly, walking fast, head down, navigating a newly-formed crowd when I ran into a man who grabbed my biceps. It was Will Santon.

"What was that about?" he asked. "You kneeling."

I didn't want to tell him. I wanted what I almost did in that room to disappear forever.

"I grew up in the ghetto. That's what you do when the cops run after you." He seemed to accept this, and released my arms. "But it was Jessica," I said, shaking my head in disbelief. "What could she have done? My God." Maybe they thought she'd been the one who twisted the catheter then fixed it. Maybe she was going to take an attempted murder rap for me. It made no sense, and I had to consider for a moment, would I let her?

"We've been working on this for weeks." He whispered it and smiled. "Once we stopped having to follow you around."

"It wasn't her," I whispered back.

"Yes it was," he said with satisfaction all over his face. "She killed Rachel Demarest."

"But...?"

"Swapped out her antibiotics. Trust me. We've been chasing her for weeks."

I watched as Jessica had her hands cuffed behind her.

CHAPTER 47.

MONICA

More waiting.

I felt like I'd spent the past weeks doing nothing but waiting.

The cafeteria was quiet, for once. I stared at my tea, trying to absorb Jessica's arrest. That had been Jonathan's plan. it had been what my curiosity had kept him from executing. It seemed so petty now. I looked at my watch, checked my texts for word from Margie, and took out my notebook.

I opened it to the last page, the only one left blank. Much of what I had in there wasn't even suitable to be put to music. I had drawings and staff notes, compositions for multiple instruments with no idea if there was even a possibility of matching words.

"Monica," Brad sat down across from me with a prepackaged yogurt cup and toast wrapped in plastic.

"Brad." I folded my notebook closed. "Thank you for that text. It was...it saved my life."

"I'm sure you're exaggerating." He unwrapped his toast. "You're off the hook for dinner, you know. But I hope we can still be friends?"

"Of course. And you still need to yell at me for what I did."

"I'll give you an earful." He bit the toast, wrinkled his nose and went for the yogurt. "What are you doing here?"

"Margie said she'd text me when he got out." I looked at my phone, checking to make sure it was on for the hundredth time.

"How long has it been?"

"Six hours, give or take."

He stirred his yogurt slowly. "That's long."

I took a second to absorb what he said, then snapped up my phone and texted Margie.

-any word?-

"If she forgot to text me I'm going to beat her senseless," I said more to myself than Brad.

A text shot back immediately.

-Dr came out an hour ago. Issues with the aortic valve. Bad-

"Fuck."

I didn't say good-bye to Brad.

CHAPTER 48.

MONICA

That f**king waiting room, same as every other I'd seen when they wheeled him from unit to unit. As I exited the elevator I realized what a home they had become, with their greyed colors and worn seats. And I knew that no matter what happened, it would likely be the last day I spent in a waiting room, worrying about Jonathan.

They were all there, like a red-haired baseball team. Even Fiona had stopped blowing by long enough to hold her mother's hand. They looked at me, eyes shaded from green to blue and back, and I stood by Margie's seat.

"Sorry I didn't text you," she said. "I have other things."

"Don't worry about it. Did you hear about Jessica?"

"Yeah." She waved it away as if she couldn't care less. Her mouth was tight and she looked drawn and panicked. I never thought I'd see Margie this flustered.

Next to her, Deirdre stood.

They all stood, and looked at a set of swinging doors. Through the window, I saw an older doctor with silver hair take his cap off and pull his mask down. He turned to another doctor, a woman, and opened the swinging doors.

Another followed. An Asian man, snapping his gloves off.

Three of them. One. Two. Three.

They came to us, and the older doctor put his hand on the woman's shoulder in a gesture of what? Condolences? Professional commiseration? And when the Asian guy cleared his throat? What was that? Gathering strength?

Hope dropped out of me an flowed down an emotional drain, leaving a black despair in its wake.

Shit.

Three doctors. If one took a blow, the other held the family member, one sister, down, and the third called security.

Wasn't that how it was?

I glanced at Declan, and he must have seen the panic on my face, because he smiled. And then I became that sister.

CHAPTER 49.

CHAPTER 50.

---TWO YEARS LATER---

CHAPTER 51.

MONICA

The crowd wasn't for me tonight. There was a relief in that. No pressure. I fluffed my dress and tucked my hair into place, fixing the web of pins and curls. The lights on either side of the mirror washed my face out, but I noticed it was rounder, healthier, happier than even that morning.

The dressing room at the Wiltern Theater wasn't the cleanest I'd been in the previous months, hardly the most glamorous. The table was new, but had the same half-eaten fast food crap that I'd known musicians to eat my whole life. The couch was worn but not ripped, the mirror was clean, the counter had been wiped and replaced some time in the last decade, but I wasn't there for a dressing room.

Darren blew in, sweating and panting.

"What the f**k?" I shouted. "You're in the middle of a show!"

"We're between sets. I had to make sure you were here." He grabbed a fingertip pinch's worth of French fries and stuffed them in his mouth.

"I'm here. I'll be out to do your encore with you then I'm outtie."

"Is that what you're wearing?" He pointed to my wedding dress, a sleeveless silk/satin that hugged me on top, and went wild on the bottom, folding in on itself in twenty yards of lace and shine.

"It's dramatic. Everyone knows I got married today. When I get up on that stage-"

"They'll think you're nuts for doing a song between your reception and your honeymoon."

"I am. And I love you. It'll be a show that lives in infamy. Get out."

"You're husband's roaming around the halls looking for you."

"Get out!"

He grabbed his burger and kissed my cheek before slipping out. The door didn't click closed completely, and I rolled my eyes. Boys, even the sweet, bisexual ones were careless.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes.

My name is Monica. I stand almost six feet tall. I walk like an ocean wave and I sing like a storm. My voice is a force of it's own, and I let it loose like a hurricane. I am safe. I own what I make. I am a creator. I am an artist.

(My name is Monica. My life is complete and as it should be. Everything I experience, I own. It is mine to keep or give away or use as I see fit. Nothing is outside my purview. This all goes into the music. I am powerless to stop myself from being myself. I am a lion. I am the sea. I am a star in the sky. I am an artist.)

I felt movement behind me, and knew from the scent it was my husband. He put his hands on my neck, where every nerve ending in my body was now located, following his touch as he stroked me, like the little magnet shavings under plastic I'd played with as a kid. When the pen moved, the shavings moved, and I arched my neck to feel more of him.

He kissed me at the base of my neck. His lips were full and soft, more than lips; they were the physical manifestation of every taste of longing, every tingle of desire, every scorch of ambition.

"We said we weren't going to do this until we were out of the country."

"Do what, Goddess?" I groaned in response, opening my eyes to watch him caress my neck and shoulder with his mouth. "No one knew where you were until I asked for Monica Faulkner."

"You have to give the name change a little time." It was a lame excuse. The fact was, I'd been too busy touring, recording, and taking interviews to do simple tasks, like changing my name as I'd promised. I could have done it any time, and he knew it. We were married in the eyes of the law, but to us and the world, today was the day. Now came the name change. Now we called each other husband and wife in public.

"Take your hair down," he said.

I smirked. "I don't think we have time."

"I won't wait."

He'd left that operating room a different person. You don't just walk away from a heart transplant and continue as before. He was confused about who he was, vulnerable, testy, physically weak, and overly cautious. He was also sexually vanilla, which I tried to accept. I didn't think it would last, but with each passing day, I feared my kinky Jonathan would never return. I stood by him, helping him manage his recovery. We agreed our marriage wasn't genuine because of the circumstances surrounding it, but we never suggested our love was anything but real. He bought a house in the Hollywood Hills, and we moved into it. Two years, we said. If we could be together two years, we'd get married for real.

I inhaled deeply and put my hands in my hair, lifting my arms out of the way. He slowly unzipped the back of my dress, touching my spine as he went.

Six months after the transplant, Jonathan roared back like a lion. As if overnight, he became more aggressive, more demanding, more kinky, more dominant than he'd ever been. A year later, he got me an engagement ring of my own, a round canary diamond. He'd gotten on one knee all over again, and I realized the reason he'd been so much more sexually ferocious was because he was happy.

I unpinned my hair, leaving in the one, pencil-thin braid I'd demanded, and as it fell over my back, my dress slipped off.

"You are magnificent," he said, twisting my hair in his finger. We faced the mirror, him in a blue shirt and tie he'd changed into after the reception, and I, bare-breasted up top, and in white lace garter down below. "All day, I wanted you."

"I am yours."

"Apparently not, Ms. Faulkner." He loosened his tie. "Hands behind your back." He must have seen me glance at the clock. "I have control of the time. Just do what I asked."

"Yes, sir." I cast my eyes down, submitting completely, and put my hands behind my back. Already a rush of fluid surged between my legs. I was going to sing at Darren's encore, and help his career, but damn if I had to be late, I was going to be late. Jonathan wasn't half as busy as me. He'd sold a bunch of assets, more than I could count, and started the Drazen Foundation for Arts Education. It took up about as much time out of his week as a typical DMV job. My co-chair duties took up a few minutes in the morning, usually tied to the bed.

My husband clamped my arms together, hard enough to make me gasp, and wrapped his tie around the elbows.

"Look at yourself," he said, pulling my hair back until my head faced forward. Tying my arms at the elbows had the effect of jutting my tits forward. The ni**les were tight and erect. The garter had tiny blue bows at the suspenders, my "something blue" for the occasion. "What you see, is mine. Do we understand each other?"

"Yes, sir."

"I don't think you do." He held me at the bicep and said, "Step out."

I stepped out of my wedding gown and he led me to the couch, placing me so my head was over the arm, my arms draped below, and my lower back was on the seat. He opened my legs and unsnapped the crotch of the garter, then he stood back and observed his handiwork.

I'd really thought he was dead. When those three doctors came out, I wasn't ready for them to say everything was fine. After what I'd been through, bottling it all up to keep enough control to kill Paulie Patalano, I lost it. They really had needed a third doctor to call security. And Declan thought he'd played the funniest joke on me. Shitty hobby, as Margie said. When I explained it to Jonathan, he cut his father out all over again, but the transplant had put Declan back in the good graces of the rest of the family.

With my pu**y on display, tits sticking out and my head facing the ceiling, I saw Jonathan in my peripheral vision, picking up a cup of fast food-approved carbonated beverage. He peeled the plastic top off, straw and all, and peeked inside.

"Jesus f**king Christ," he said. "What's the world coming to?" He shook the cup. I heard the contents swish around. Crushed ice. Bane of my husband's existence.

He put it down and picked something off my makeup table. Then he came to the couch, pants open, dick out, kneeling between my legs with a tube of lipstick jammed between his teeth like a cigar. He pulled it out, leaving the cap in his jaw. He spit it to the floor like a watermelon seed.

"I'm going to write something down so you remember it, Goddess. Because I know you're busy being a superstar, and you forget."

He put the stage-red lipstick to my left breast and dragged it across, then between them, then moved it over the right.

He was writing on me.

Carefully, he wrote on my rib cage, wearing the lipstick down to nothing. When he was done, he checked his handiwork. I glanced as far as I could to the mirror and saw what was written on me.

MRS. DRAZEN

Jonathan crouched over me, smiling, then put a hand on the arm of the couch, leaning over me. "Got it?"

"Yes, sir," I whispered, tilting my hips so that his erection touched my wetness. He moved slightly until the head of his dick touched my opening just enough for me to ache for it.

"Those crowds out there, they don't own you. I do. I marked you with my name. This is who you are now." He moved so his dick rubbed my clit ever so slightly. I jerked to feel more of him.

"No no," he said. "Don't make me pull up the extension cords and tie you down tighter. I'm not done explaining." He put his face to my cheek, and ran his open mouth along my jaw. "The name is your bond to me. It's your collar."

"I'm sorry, I-"

"Shh. Tell me who you are."

"Mrs. Drazen."

His c**k pushed into me, sliding in with no resistance, every surface of my body a firing bed of sensation. All the way, until his body slammed against my clit, moved, and pulled out.

"Who are you?"

"Your wife."

He went in again, harder. Then again, grunting with the effort. He f**ked the breath right out of me, then stopped.

"What's your name?"

"Oh, Jonathan."

"Nope. That's my name."

"Mrs. Drazen."

He slammed into me. "I don't think you believe it."

"My name is-"

He f**ked me for real then, putting a hand on either side of my head and taking my cunt repeatedly. He pressed his face to mine, rocking. I was close, so close he could sense it, and as was his way, he slowed down, dangling me over an ocean.

And I let him, because he owned me.

"Look at me."

I did. His hips stroked me, stretching me, the friction between us a white heat. I was so close. I could feel the undertow of my orgasm on my legs. I wanted to get pulled under, I wanted to drown in it, but he was holding me back, a life vest I didn't want.

"What's your name?"

I gasped a few times, lost in the sensation between my legs. "I forget."

"Perfect."

He moved once, twice, three times, and I exploded, sucked down by the undertow, pulled out to the neverending sea, clenching against him like my body wanted to break him and fit the whole of him inside me.

"Ah, Monica." He came right after, growling my name, then grunting as he never had before the surgery, before he came back stronger and better. I loved seeing him in those moments, overcome with is own pleasure, his connection to me complete and unbreakable.

"I love you," I said.

"And I, you."

"Can you untie me?"

He reached around me and loosened the knot. "First you decide to work on our wedding night, and now you nag me to untie you."

"You're a horrible brute," I said, feigning offense. "I'm staying at my mother's."

He leaned up, and I stood. My new name was smudged on the bottom. Jonathan helped me back into my dress. My hair was a wreck and my makeup was worn off.

"Shit," I grumbled.

"You look beautiful."

"You have lipstick all over your shirt."

He looked down at himself. "I look like I've been shot."

"By the cheerleading squad."

He laughed. "It's dark on the plane, and I'm going to me naked and f**king most of the way to Paris anyway."

"Really? What if I have a headache?"

"I'll f**k it right out of you." He buttoned his jacket, covering the lipstick stain.

There was a knock at the door. It was my assistant, Ned, a huge guy there more for my protection than assistance. "Ms. Faulkner?"

I pressed my lips between my teeth.

"Who?" asked Jonathan. "No one by that name any more, Ned."

"Monica?" Ned called. "Listen, you're on, whoever you are. Three minutes."

"Coming!"

I straightened myself, rubbed mascara from under my eyes and fingerbrushed the bird's nest on my head as Jonathan watched. It was hopeless. I looked like someone just f**ked the shit out of me.

"I brought this for you," he said.

He pulled a long chain from his jacket pocket. My lariat. I hadn't worn it because it didn't make sense for a wedding, but as it stretched across his hands, drooping between them, the encrusted berries on either side swinging and sparkling in blue and green, I wanted it around my neck.

"Thank you." I looked at the ceiling, exposing my throat, and he reached up, looping it around me not once, but twice, and when I looked to him, he pulled the jewels, snapping it tight around my neck.

"You ready?" he asked.

"Yes," I replied. I kissed him, as if for the first time, his lips the symbol of vulnerability in safety, pain and pleasure, passion and contentment, until Ned banged on the door again and called me by my first name.

Jonathan and I smiled to each other as he opened the door. We walked through the cinderblock-lined hallways of the back stages, Ned in the lead, another security guy in back. Strangers who didn't expect me, techies and runners, roadies and Darren's klatch of fans, all stopped and stared for a second. I smiled at them, because they'd made me who I was, and held my husband's hand behind me.

Darren stood out there with his band, sweating in the spotlights, his sticks twirling in his fingers. It was hot, and I felt the lipstick inside the bodice of my gown, reminding me of my name. I went out when called to sing with them, each breath, each note, each word, no matter the song, about one thing only.

Jonathan.

Jonathan.

Jonathan.

THE END

