Prologue

Opal watched, happy that Tony had stood up and stopped the fiasco. What she didn't expect was her brother's instant reaction. Richard got up from his seat, walked over to his friend and slammed his fist in Tony's face. She screamed as blood came out of his nose. He didn't defend himself.

"Have you been touching my f**king sister?" Richard snarled. The whole church erupted.

She took a quick glance around at everyone staring. Her parents rushed to her brother.

"Could you stop making a scene and take this conversation somewhere private?" her mother said.

Biting her lip, Opal went with them into the private chambers of the priest.

Charles stood behind her, and she felt his presence, which made her shiver with revulsion. Why had she allowed herself to be convinced marrying him would be a good idea?

Her life would be so much easier if she could stick up for herself and not worry about the thoughts of other people.

Richard looked like he was going to kill someone. Tony used his shirt to clean the blood off his face. She hoped his nose wasn't broken.

"What the f**k is going on?" Richard asked.

"Nothing."

"Everything." They both spoke at the same time. Opal blushed as Tony glared at her. "Could I speak with your sister alone?"

"No."

"I've just taken a punch in the face. The least you can do is give me a few minutes alone with Opal."

After a few seconds, Richard left, taking her parents and Charles with him.

The moment the door shut she turned to Tony. "I'm really sorry."

"Don't be, Opal. We haven't got much time. The safest solution is you marrying me," he said.

His words took her by surprise. She didn't want to marry him, and, from the look on his face, he didn't want to marry her either.

"I don't want to marry you," she said.

"Tough luck, sweetheart. Do you really think your parents and Charles are going to let you walk out of here scot-free? If I don't make a claim to you right now, by the end of the day you'll be married to that f**ker." Tony looked livid. Tears sprang to her eyes as the predicament she was in became apparent. Her parents wanted the marriage to take place to solidify their own future in the business industry. She didn't know a lot about the business. Her training had consisted of learning to keep her mouth shut and look as pretty as possible. The diet she'd been forced on to fit into the wedding dress had been awful. Another aspect of control in her life.

"I don't know what to do."

"Don't cry. Now, I'll marry you and get you away from him, but that's it. Do you hear me? You're too young, and when you're ready you can divorce me."

"What happens in between?"

"We live our lives the way we want. I've been a single man for some time, Opal. I don't want to stop being the man I am because of you."

"I understand."

They called her family in, and Tony took over with the discussions. She kept her tears at bay. Their argument washed over her and made her feel less than a foot tall. Every person in the room treated her like a child in their own way. She didn't know how to break free from it.

"I'm not leaving here without a wife," Charles said. The first real sign of possession.

"You're not having what's mine. You have been spoon fed, pretty boy, and I bet you've never fought your own battles," Tony said.

She ignored everything.

****

A few hours later, Tony sat in his friend's office talking about his upcoming wedding. Wayne sat in the corner keeping his thoughts to himself. Tony felt trapped and thankful for being the one to come to her rescue. Opal had grown up into a beautiful young woman. At twenty she was so young, he wouldn't dream of touching her. Ironic considering he was about to marry her.

Why had he stood up in church? His feelings have never gone anything past friendly care for the younger woman. What had happened from the time at the bottom of the church garden to seeing her being taken by another man?

For years he'd known she had a crush on him. Nothing embarrassing. At least not to him. She would sit and talk with him when they were younger, her blushes appeasing his ego. Opal was the girl, or woman, he always felt would be there forever. Seeing her at the front of the church had immediately struck a chord inside him. The moment she married that f**king jerk-off, all of her smiles and sweet kisses would be for her husband. Never would he walk into a room and be the first person in her world.

He couldn't handle it, and what confused him the most was - why did he care?

She was twenty years old. Seventeen years younger than he.

"If you don't marry my sister, you could ruin her reputation. The very fact you stood up in church and disputed it makes people wonder what went on between you," Richard said cutting into his own confused thoughts.

"I'm going to marry her. I promised her."

"Good. I want to know, and as my friend you better not f**king lie to me, have you touched or done anything with my sister?"

"No. For God's sake, Richard. This is me you're talking to."

"And you don't have the smoothest of reputations when it comes to women," Richard said. "She's a lot younger than you and in no way ready for your type of shit."

"Younger than me. That's a bit like calling the kettle black. Scarlet is a f**king baby, and you still took the time to f**k it."

"Don't you dare..."

"Clearly something is going on here, and you two arguing about your women isn't going to get the job done. I, for one, want to go home to my wife and children. Instead our families are parked outside that door waiting for some arrangement," Wayne said. "I don't know what's going on, and I don't care. Tony has said he would marry her, and we're supposed to be here to work out the details."

"Where's Opal? She deserves to hear us working out her life," Tony said.

"She's already been through enough. We'll figure everything out."

The next hour they came up with the prenuptial agreement. Tony knew from the way it read that it gave Opal an out whenever she needed. If at any time she wanted to leave, Tony would make sure she was settled. They called her in, and he watched as she twirled her hands in her lap.

She nodded and agreed, signing the form. Tony signed his bit and watched her leave.

Three weeks later they were married. The ceremony was held in a registry office. He didn't take her on a honeymoon and spent as little time as possible with her.

Chapter One

Two years later

Opal Shaw stared down at her wedding ring.

No, Opal Hunt. She was a married woman.

She couldn't believe she'd been married two years ago on this day. Biting her lip, she glanced around the room. Lily had her children with Wayne and Scarlet her children with Richard, while Opal sat in her brother's house with a wedding ring and nothing else. She'd been married two years and didn't know much about her husband other than the crap she read in the glossy magazines. He escorted her to events but never took the time to talk with her. He accomplished only the social graces that her brother Richard had required in an agreement for her and Tony to be married.

After the wedding, which had been in a registry office with her brother and his wife as witnesses, her parents had kicked her out. The scandal was so far-reaching that they couldn't bear to look at their only daughter. The wedding night she'd dreamed about had been a disaster. She didn't want to ask Lily and Scarlet about their wedding nights in case they asked her about hers.

"So, I wanted to tell you guys the news first," Lily said. Opal stared at the beautiful dark-haired woman. Wayne and her brother had gone to talk business. The three women were alone with the children.

Tony hadn't turned up yet. Probably another long night partying and doing nothing else but shagging the next model or something. She kept up to date with all of his conquests. He showed no interest in being with her. She didn't blame him. The moment she left her parental home the weight had come back on. The diets they had kept her on had ended, and she ate what she liked when she liked.

"Wayne and I are going to have another baby."

Opal smiled and congratulated Lily. Scarlet did the same, and she was already pregnant with Richard's third child herself.

Would Opal be cursed to never have news of her own? What had she done in the last two years of being married to Tony? She spent most of her days cleaning the house he'd placed her in.

"I take it you've told them our good news?" Wayne asked as he entered the living room, carrying a tray of drinks.

"Yes. You know I can't keep everything to myself for long." The couple shared a smile. Opal yearned for what the two couples had. Richard walked over to Scarlet, kissed her on the lips and stroked her bulging belly.

"Have I missed the party?" Tony asked as he walked into the room.

Her brother scowled at him, but then turned and shook his friend's hand.

"Sorry, I'm late." Tony didn't acknowledge her. Glancing at his finger she saw he still didn't have a wedding ring. She twirled the modest diamond on her own finger.

Was it time to call it quits?

"Excuse me," she said. Without looking at anyone she got up and left the room. Running up the stairs, she found the bathroom. She closed the door, going straight to the sink.

Dampening her wrists she splashed her face and neck. Her heart pounded. Tony always had the ability to disarm her. Out of the two men her brother came home with, Tony had been the one to make her head spin with crazy ideas. How quickly her ideals had changed. Her wedding night came to mind. His words and the way he'd spoken, scaring her. Brushing the memory off, she took some deep breaths before she felt in control.

She opened the bathroom door and hit a hard masculine chest. Staring up she looked up into his eyes. The dark brown, almost black, eyes stared back at her. She fisted her hands at her side and turned to look away. When they were alone she struggled to find the right words to say to him. It was like they got married, and everything changed. She became another person for him.

"What's up, petal?" he asked. His voice went through her and made her lower body tighten. The warmth spread up until she knew a red blush would be staining her cheeks.

"I-I-I'm fine." This was another thing. Why had she developed a stutter?

"I haven't seen you for a while or heard from you. How have you been?" When they'd first gotten married he'd demanded a call from her every week to check in and make sure she was fine. As the months moved on, she simply stopped calling. Or more to the point, as soon as the glossy magazines had the latest kiss and tell story about him, she'd stopped calling.

"What do you want to know?" she asked.

"To make sure you're okay."

"I'm fine." Talking to him without looking at him helped for her to speak.

His hand cupped her face, tilted her head back and forced her to look at him. Without her realising it he'd been budging her further into the bathroom. She gasped as the door closed.

They were alone together.

"I want to know why you stopped calling me."

"You started to look busy."

"Your lips are so full," he said. Opal frowned as he stared down at her lips. His thumb running along her bottom lip. "You look so beautiful."

His words hurt. He called her beautiful when he dated models and really pretty thin women.

"Don't say stuff like that," she said, pulling out of his touch. "I'm not pretty."

"Who says you're not pretty?"

"I don't need someone to tell me. I've got a mirror, and I have to look in it every day. Besides, I could never compete with the women you date."

She made to walk past him, but he caught her arm, the grip tight but not painful. Biting her lip she forced herself to turn and face him. At thirty-nine, he was still a good-looking man. His hair did have a few greys, but they didn't make him look old, more of a mature man. A small number of wrinkles were near his eyes and along his forehead. If only he could look like an ogre then maybe she'd be able to leave him.

****

Tony held her arm and felt the electricity shoot up from his arm from the small touch. He wasn't near bare skin. She wore a red cardigan over her shirt. He'd noticed she covered up her body whenever she got a chance to. Staring at her now, he saw the maturity in her. The two years had developed her significantly. She held that submissive pose he loved to see, and then she turned and stared him in the eye. He knew she trembled from his touch.

Staying away from her was becoming more difficult with every passing day. He didn't want to be away from her. The calls she use to make had been the highlight of his week. The calls had stopped, and so to had her beautiful smiles. He'd f**ked everything up on their wedding night.

She was so young, sweet and innocent, and he was harsh to the world. His life hadn't been sunshine and roses. Part of him was f**ked up, and letting Opal near him could expose her to the worst side of him. The side that needed to control. To be in charge. He hated himself, but most of his life he'd kept it hidden from everyone close to him. The whispers that accompanied him were only supplied by gossiping women.

Admitting he wanted Opal would be the worst thing he could ever do.

"I say you're pretty, and that is all that matters," he said.

"Could you please let go of my arm?" she asked.

Didn't she know what she did to him? He hated himself for the way he craved her attention and her touch.

"I don't want to let you go. You're too young."

"I'm not a child, Tony."

With her admission hanging in the air, Tony lost it. Without thinking he pushed her up against the nearest wall. He heard her gasp and slammed his lips down on hers, acting on pure instinct rather than allowing himself time to think about what he was doing. She resisted him for the first few moments and then succumbed to the power of his kiss.

He didn't let up, even as her hands pulled at the hair on the base of his neck. He wanted more, to feel her giving everything to him.

For two years he'd dreamt about her kisses and wondered what it would be like to have her as his own. But for two years he'd fought the burning desire within him. Opal was Richard's younger sister. Being the bastard he was he wasn't willing to fight anymore. He wanted her, and he intended to have her by any means possible.

"You're on fire for me," he said. He cupped her ass and lifted her. She wrapped her legs around him, and he settled his c**k against the apex of her thighs. He felt the heat through the denim of her jeans. Tony knew if he touched her cunt she'd be soaking wet.

There was so much passion inside her bursting to break free.

"Give me everything."

"I can't."

"Yes, you can," he told her.

Moving one hand away from her ass, he travelled up her body, past her rounded stomach to cup one of her heavy tits in his hand.

Pulling away, he stared into her beautiful eyes. Her blonde hair fell all around her. He loved her hair, and he knew it was her natural colour. Never had she dyed it like some girls did. Her pale skin flushed with arousal. Her eyes were wide as she stared back at him.

This is how he had dreamed about her. Aroused and open for him.

"You look beautiful to me." He touched her na**d breast under her shirt and bra, the nipple small and tight as he grazed it with his fingers. She moaned and arched closer to his touch. The weight of her felt perfect in his arms.

He could hold her forever.

Suddenly, as it all started, Opal pulled away stopping it as abruptly. Withdrawing from him, she placed a hand on top of his over her breast.

"Stop," she said.

Her words rolled over him, and he wanted to shake his head and demand for them to continue. Instead, he pulled his hand away.

"Let me down." He placed her on the floor. "You told me this would never happen between us."

Tony knew what he'd said to her.

"Things change."

"You said you'd never touch me. I don't want you to do something you'll regret, and I won't be a replacement for one of your women."

With her words hanging in the air, she left the room. He watched her go, not even trying to stop her.

He stared at his reflection in the mirror and wondered why he'd even started something he knew he couldn't finish. Shaking his head, he followed her down in time to see her leave. She didn't look at him, but he knew his friends and their wives had taken note of the change within her.

Why couldn't he leave her alone? Every time he promised himself he wouldn't touch her, it would change the moment he saw her.

He congratulated Lily and Wayne before leaving. Once he got in his car he pulled out the small box in his pocket. He'd known today had been two years since they'd gotten married. To celebrate the event he'd spent the time looking for an engagement ring in the hope of giving it to her.

Staring down at the small ring he felt like a complete fool.

Chapter Two

Opal went home to the house Tony had bought for her. He'd promised to protect her and keep her safe but to never love her. She let herself in the back door and put the kettle on. When she'd first moved in, he had wanted to put a housekeeper and gardener in. She'd refused. She liked the thought of being on her own and trying to find some independence when most of her life had been about what her parents wanted.

Her lips tingled from his kisses. She got a cup ready with some milk, sugar and a tea bag, then buttered herself some bread for a sandwich and went and sat at the table.

Why did he keep changing his mind? Her mind was confused with his mood changes.

She bit into her sandwich but tasted nothing. She'd been married for two years, and what did she have to show for it? Nothing. Every time she thought the same thing she kept coming back with the same answer.

Being alone wasn't everything she thought it would be. At times likes this her wedding night came back to plague her thoughts. Unlike earlier where she shut the memory off, this time she allowed it to come.

****

After the small ceremony where they'd signed their names and pictures were taken, Tony took her to a hotel. Top of the range where he had a penthouse suite held for him.

He didn't carry her over the threshold. They walked inside, and Tony took his jacket and shirt off.

"Go and get yourself comfortable. Have a bath, and relax."

Opal nodded her head and left to go and wash. She ran a bath and worked her way out of the simple gown she wore. The dress was nothing like her wedding gown. There hadn't been much time. Richard had rushed everything from the pre-nup to the wedding.

She lay in the water and rested her pounding head.

How would her wedding night play out? She'd read many stories, but nothing would ever be close to the real thing.

When she began to wrinkle like a prune, she got out and went through to her bedroom. Tony stood in the bedroom, and she yelped, wrapping the towel around her body to try to retain as much modesty as possible.

"Don't worry. You're safe with me. I don't have any clothes for you, here. I'll order some tomorrow, or you can fetch them from your parents' house. I've got a shirt for you to sleep in." He handed her an old looking shirt. "It was one of mine."

"Will you be sleeping in the bed?" she asked.

"No."

"I don't understand."

"Opal, this is not going to be a conventional marriage. I did this to help you. I don't want a wife."

"But you said divorce."

"You're my best friend's little sister, Opal. You're too young, and to be honest I don't want to have to deal with the problem of your virginity."

The words stung, but she understood what he meant. He left her, and the tears had fallen. She'd somehow pushed him into this marriage, and he didn't want to have sex with her.

Her wedding night passed with her alone.

****

The wedding night had been awful. The look of disgust on his face would stay with her forever. She took a bite of her sandwich and was shocked as tears fell from her eyes. For two years she'd lived in a world where she felt nothing. Moving out of her chair she went and picked up the latest magazine with Tony in it. A model on the front page looked tall, thin and beautiful.

Was it time for her to call it quits?

****

Tony sat outside the house he'd bought her. The kitchen light was on, and he saw the outline of her through the window.

The kiss they'd shared still tingled on his lips. The taste of her was glorious to him. Two years he'd thought about many things. His friendship with Richard. The fear he had about his past.

Tony came across as the happy-go-lucky kind of man, but inside he was anything but. His two friends only knew parts of his unhappy childhood. On the outside everyone thought he lived a really good life. Two devoted parents who gave him everything. When the doors closed and dad came home, his life turned into a different story. His dad made millions by day, being the gentleman he wanted people to see. When he got home, the gentleman turned into a monster.

His mother had been afraid and too scared to leave. She had taken the beatings and tried to protect him. Tony couldn't bear to see his mother broken, and after a time he had taken as much as he could before his father would then turn back to his wife.

The good thing about Mr. Hunt was he didn't go for the face. No one would believe his mother or him if he went anywhere.

As he grew the punishments had lessened until one day, Tony left. His mother refused to leave.

Staring at the picture of Opal he feared something of his dad remained inside him and would come out if he let down his guard. What if being a monster was inside him? Did she even know the precautions he took when it came to her?

For two years he'd had to fight his demons and come to the reality of why he married her. Opal had been part of his life for as long as he could remember. Since she was a kid, he'd grown up protecting her as much as he could. With the seventeen-year age gap, he'd never thought about her in any other way as a child.

When had his mind broken down the barrier? He looked at her, and he didn't see a child. He saw a beautiful young woman, who shouldn't be tarred by him.

Putting his car into gear he drove to his city apartment. Parking the car he went through the motions until he opened and closed his door. He went straight for his liquor cabinet and poured himself a shot of his strongest whisky. Her scent clung to his clothes. The unique floral scent he'd always associated with her surrounded him.

He took the whiskey with him as he moved into his office. Tony laughed as he thought about the life he lived and his two friends. They all had offices at home. None of them were far away from work at some point.

His relationship with his own parents had turned into him running his dad's business. He fired up the computer and opened the mail his housekeeper had graciously put on his desk. Some of Opal's bills needed paying, and his mother's health insurance had to be updated. The last letter contained the monthly updates his security team provided for him on his wife's whereabouts with pictures.

She didn't know he kept an eye on her. He imagined if she ever found out she'd pitch a fit. This was his way of trying to give her the independence she craved but also making sure he knew when something was going wrong in her life.

Once the wedding had taken place a switch had gone off inside his head, and he couldn't stop himself from the possessive way he felt towards her. He fired up the computer and opened his email.

The file of her monthly activities he'd read later. An invitation to attend a charity ball was in his inbox sent by a business associate. Frowning, he read through the details. The charity event would take place on Friday night in one of the more expensive hotels.

He knew Wayne and Richard would be in attendance. Lifting the phone he dialled the number for Opal.

She picked up on the third ring. "Hello?"

"Opal, it's me."

"What do you want?" she asked.

"A charity ball next Friday. I want you to come with me." It had been some time since he'd asked her to attend an event with him. The only other times had been right after they were married.

"What time and everything?"

"How about I pick you up on Monday to have lunch and discuss it then?" He made arrangements to meet her at an Italian restaurant. When the call completed, he phoned his security and gave them an update on his plans for Monday. They would make sure Opal got to him safely.

Chapter Three

The weekend went by in a blur. She planted some flowers in her small garden and read a book in between wondering what Tony wanted to talk to her about. Usually, he made the arrangements, sent the dress over to her and then picked her up at the appropriate time. When Monday lunch-time came, she caught a taxi to the restaurant.

As soon as she entered the maitre d' escorted her to a table in the back. Tony hadn't arrived, but he'd left instructions for her. She sat down, picked up the menu. Most of the dishes were spelt in Italian which she'd never taken the time to learn.

Tony walked in fifteen minutes later. Her heart hammered in her chest. Whenever he was around she felt like a school girl with her first crush. Technically speaking, Tony was the first man she'd had a crush on.

He didn't wait to be taken to his seat. He walked straight over to her, signalled a waiter and picked up a menu.

"Hello," he said.

"Hi."

She'd never known it to be so awkward between them. They usually conversed easily, the banter coming naturally. They'd gotten married, and now everything was different. How did she approach him?

"Do you want some wine, Petal?" he asked, using the nickname he used to call her.

"No, thank you. Water for me."

"You know, I never understand these menus. I want a good meal. Are you hungry?"

She nodded her head. She was starving. Ever since he'd mentioned going out to a restaurant she'd been so nervous that trying to keep food down was the hardest thing.

"So, you don't like wine. What else don't you like?" he asked, gazing at her over the menu.

Opal didn't know what he meant. She said the first thing that came to her mind. "Peas. I don't like peas. Or celery."

He threw his head back and started laughing, attracting the attention of several of the diners. "You amaze me some days, Petal."

"I'm glad I entertain you." She twirled her thumbs.

"We don't have to be like this," he said.

"Be like what?"

"Awkward around each other. You're my wife, Opal. You don't need to be skittish around me."

She heard everything he said with a heavy heart. On her wedding day he'd told her to not expect anything from him. He leaned over the table and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. She stared at him. His action made her tighten all over her body with his touch, the brush of his finger against her cheek, moving over to her ear.

"I can't stop thinking about that kiss. Your lips were made for kissing." Tony ran his thumb over her lips before pulling away.

Opal licked her lips wondering if she would be able to taste him on her tongue.

"You drive me crazy when you do that. I see your tongue, and I imagine so many things." He'd never been like this with her. She could only imagine that this was his way of seducing her. The touches and the way he spoke. She knew she was way out of her league.

"What things do you imagine?" The whole restaurant faded away to her, Tony being the only man who existed to her. When she looked at any other person from the opposite sex she didn't react the way she did with Tony. Except with him, her heart didn't pound in her chest or make her ache all over to simply be near. She was a married woman who cared deeply for a husband she barely knew.

"Do you really want to know?" he asked. He took hold of her hand, caressing her knuckles.

"Yes."

"I see you na**d on my bed, begging me to come to you. Have you ever been with a man, Opal?"

She shook her head.

"I'm a f**king monster for the things I want to do to you."

"What kind of things?" Her body was humming for him to tell her. She wanted to know if he wanted what she wanted.

He opened his lips to say something. A loud crash interrupted the moment. Their attention was diverted by the sound, the moment lost. When Tony looked back at her, he was back in control.

She pulled her hand away and stared at the menu. Her pulse pounded in her throat, and she was sure her panties were soaking wet. Arousal. She'd read about it many times. Never had she thought to be so deeply affected by it. At twenty-two years old her only experience with sex was the stuff she'd read in dirty books. She wondered if Tony had seen the kind of stuff she'd been reading.

"I think pasta will be our safest bet."

The moment was truly lost.

****

Tony moved on his spot to try to ease his aching cock. Fucking hell, every time he got close to her his body responded with his dick getting hard. When had he stopped thinking of her as Richard's younger sister and as the woman she truly was? He wished he could look at her and see the pig-tails and the dungarees she use to wear.

No matter how many times he looked, Opal didn't change. Her figure was that of a woman. She was a little chunkier than most women in their circles. He'd known about her weight issues from Richard. She had larger h*ps with a small waist. When he looked at her, he saw his hands on her hips, guiding himself inside her body. Tony closed his eyes to try to rid the image of her from his mind. Her tits were huge, and he knew they'd spill out of his hands with the weight. Her legs were short, and he hadn't seen anything above the knee. She kept every part of her covered. He wanted to see what she had underneath. Her blonde hair pulled him in every time. The length made him think about holding her in his fist.

He'd dated and f**ked skinny women. Opal wasn't thin. She was all woman, and he wanted her with a desperation that shocked him.

Her gaze kept slipping to his hands. Glancing down at hers, he saw the small diamond wedding ring he'd given her. At the time she'd thought it was a trinket he'd picked up on the way to the church. He made her believe he hadn't spent the time picking something out. In truth, he'd spent close to six hours shopping for the right ring to go on her finger. A big jewel would look vulgar. Opal didn't need garish. She needed something with class, stylish but also a band of ownership. With that ring on her finger, he announced to the world she was his.

The waiter came, and Tony ordered two pasta dishes. He was more for Chinese food than Italian.

Tony stared at her. She glanced around the room rather than look at him.

"How have you been?" he asked.

"Fine." He didn't want this. To be estranged from her. He wanted to get to know her and to prove to her that he did want her. What he'd said on her wedding night had been the biggest f**king mistake of his life. At the time he'd been afraid. There was a seventeen year age gap between them.

"How are you?" she asked.

"Don't, Opal. What are we doing?"

"I don't know what you mean."

"We use to be better than this. I don't know why we've decided to change who we are."

"I was thinking about starting work," she said.

Tony stopped. Frozen solid. "Why?"

"I don't like being alone anymore. I'm trapped in that house, which I know is beautiful, but I'd like to get out a little more. Maybe learn how to drive or at least do something. I'm being driven insane every day."

He sat back in his chair. "I don't want you working."

"I don't think it's your place to tell me what I can and can't do."

"You're my wife."

"For how much longer?" she asked.

Tony turned his gaze away from her. The one thing he had done well in all of their two years of marriage was to provide for her. Make sure she had no worries. Allow her to find her independence.

"Are you saying you want to divorce me?"

"No."

"Then what are you trying to say?"

"We don't have to get a divorce. We haven't had sex or anything. A simple annulment would be fine."

The blood pounded in his head.

"Then you'd be free to go and do whatever you want."

"I don't want to be free," he told her.

"You're not making this easy for me."

"What's to make it easy? I don't want a divorce, and I'll f**k you before I allow you to go for an annulment." Tony heard her gasp, and he cursed. Shit. He was losing control of his monster. The need to be in control. To claim what was his. This is what he feared most when he was around her - the lack of control to the point he could scare her away. Turning back to her, he saw the blush spreading up into her cheeks.

"I'm sorry."

"I was trying to help you. You don't wear a wedding ring, and you helped me back then. I'd hate to keep you in a marriage you didn't want to be part of."

"I don't wear a ring because you didn't give me one."

Out of everything that happened that day, he refused to buy his own wedding band.

"Oh. I didn't know I had to get you one."

"Speaking of wedding bands. Our engagement wasn't a conventional one, but I felt you deserved to have a ring to show off to your girlfriends." He pulled the small blue box out of his pocket and handed it to her.

He noted the trembling in her hands and hated himself for being the one responsible for putting it there.

"It's beautiful," she said as soon as she opened it. "I know this is going to sound corny, but would you put it on my finger?"

Tony nodded. He took the box back and pulled out the small band. Her fingers were so delicate. Taking off her wedding ring, he placed the engagement ring on first, followed by the main one.

He kissed her fingers, grateful she was his.

"You didn't have to get me this. I know our marriage isn't a conventional one."

It soon will be.

Sitting up in his chair, he glanced around the room. Where had that thought come from?

The waiter brought their food. He enjoyed watching her eat.

"I don't want you to get a job," he said.

"What am I expected to do with my day?"

"Whatever you want. You're my wife, and like I said, I don't want you working."

"Can we at least talk about it?" she asked.

"We're talking about it now. The answer is no."

He saw the clenching of her jaw and couldn't help but laugh. "You really want to skin me alive, don't you?"

"I think you're being unfair."

"Think what you want to, baby. Eat up because then we're going shopping."

"Shopping?"

Tony signalled the waiter to fill their glasses. "Yes. I've got a charity ball this Friday to go to, and you're coming with me."

"I can pick out my own clothes."

"I know, but this time I want to be there with you."

Actually, he hadn't planned to take her shopping. Sitting with her had made him open his eyes. He wanted to spend more time with her. He didn't want the moment to end.

When she went to the ladies' room, he phoned his assistant and told him to cancel all of his afternoon meetings.

Looking at her empty plate a deep sense of happiness overcame him. Opal wasn't like any of the women he'd known in his life. She ate food and was kind. He wanted to be with her.

You'll ruin her. What you want will destroy every part of who she is.

She walked out, and he ignored the warning within him. Opal brought out the good in him.

Chapter Four

She spent the rest of the day with Tony. He took her from one shop to the other for her to try on clothes. Not once did he look at another woman, even though they stumbled over each other to impress the man splashing his cash. The shopping experience was the best she'd ever been on. Usually her mother would bring clothes home, and she'd be forced to go on a diet until she fit into the small garments.

Once or twice the women made a comment about not having her size available. Tony smiled and said he'd find someone who wanted his custom. One store tried to make out she was his sister. That had been the funniest moment of her life. He'd kindly informed them to shut down his account with them as he didn't take kindly to his wife being described as his sister.

Finally, they stopped at a more select store. She had felt like a fat whale when the women circled and assessed her. In the new store it was completely different. They escorted him to the dressing rooms where they had a private room for each customer. There were mirrors all around the room with a sofa in the middle.

"Don't you have to wait outside or something?" she asked.

"No, darling. We're married, and I get the opportunity to watch you get dressed."

"None of the other stores let you in the room," she said.

"That's because I pay for the best. The other stores were a lot less than desired."

The woman walked in with her arms laden with clothes. "I've brought several evening gowns. I don't have your size, Mrs. Hunt, but I'm sure we can find you something more than suitable."

Opal was thankful most of her body was covered when she tried different gowns on. Tony left part way through to answer a phone call. The lady didn't change in her attitude.

"Thank you," Opal said.

"What for, honey?"

"We've been to a lot of stores today, and you're the first one that's been nice to me." Opal smiled at the woman.

"Don't worry about it. We're the best at what we do."

Her gown was in place, a modest black evening gown that moulded to every lump and bump.

"You look stunning."

"Don't you think I look fat?" she asked the woman.

"Honey, you have curves, not fat. Curves. Some women would die for the body you've got."

Tony walked into the room. She watched him stop and stare at her.

"What do you think?" she asked him.

"That's the dress for the event. I'm feeling in a spending mood. Would you please find my wife some undergarments and more sociable clothing?"

The lady nodded her head and left.

Ignoring his presence, Opal turned back to the mirror, pulling her tummy in and trying to make her body look good.

Tony placed his hands on her hips. "What are you doing?"

"I feel fat in this," she said.

Her nerves picked up as his hands ran all over her body. He stared at her h*ps and went down to where the dress ended at her knee, up and round. Her ass was squeezed before he moved up and rested his hands just beneath her br**sts.

He stared at her reflection in the mirror. "I don't think you look anything other than magnificent."

She was falling. The way he spoke and looked at her she could imagine she was beautiful. Even with all of her weight. Someone knocked at the door interrupting the moment.

Tony answered and took the clothes out of the woman's hands. "I can take it from here," he said.

The door was closed and locked. They were alone. In private.

He placed the clothes on the chair, searching through them until he found something red. "Opal, I want you to do something for me."

"What do you want me to do?"

"I want you to model these." He lifted a red lace bra with matching French lace knickers.

A blush stained her cheeks. "Will you turn around?"

"No. I want to watch you get changed into them."

She shook her head. "I can't do that. We can't do that."

"We're married," he said.

In her heart she was shouting and punching the air for joy. In her head she knew otherwise.

"No. You still won't try them on?"

She shook her head.

"How about I let you look for work."

"That's blackmail," she said when she processed what he'd said.

"From what I hear it's effective." She frowned. "Never mind. If you try these on for me, I'll let you look for work."

"You can't stop me looking if I try those on or not."

"Do you really want to see the power I have over stopping you from looking? I could make your life a little difficult," he said.

"Why?"

"Because I want something, and I'll do anything until you give it to me."

"But you said you didn't want me in that way."

"I've changed my mind. Take the underwear and try them on, Opal."

Something had changed in him. His eyes were darker, and the way he walked was filled with a purpose. This wasn't the happy-go-lucky Tony she knew. This was a predator intent on getting what he wanted.

He passed her the underwear. She took them and watched as he went and sat down. Red wasn't her colour. She tried to avoid the colour because of her lighter skin tone. What did she do?

Taking a breath, she placed them on the stool. The dress had a zipper in the back, and no matter what she did, she couldn't unzip the dress on her own.

"Could you help me?" she asked.

"Come here." His voice sent a thrill of excitement through her.

She moved to where he sat. Tony stood and eased the zipper down. She felt his hand touch her back. The heat of him spread through her body.

"Thank you."

But she didn't pull away. He held her, his other hand circling her waist. She heard him inhale as his lips brushed her neck. "You smell so good."

"I need to go and get changed," she said.

"I know. I like having you in my arms. It's where you're supposed to be."

He let her go, and she walked back up. There was no way she could work around putting the underwear on without looking like a complete clown. She would have to remove everything.

Was she ready for him to see her body?

****

Tony put his hand on his knees, his palms sweaty. The touch of her silken skin almost undid him. He closed his eyes to gain his control for a second, and when he opened them, Opal was removing her dress.

She'd turned to the side, and he smiled. No way would she be able to cover up that glorious body. He wanted to see her naked. To see her in beautiful clothing and to show her how gorgeous he thought she was.

If he didn't get some relief soon he would burst at the seams. With her gaze away from him, he touched his stiff cock, biting the inside of his mouth to contain the moan which threatened to escape.

The dress fell to the floor. She wore a simple pair of cotton panties and unappealing bras. He didn't want to see this. Opal deserved lace and silk. He'd be the one and only man to give it to her.

In this early stage, he let keep as much of her body covered as possible. She removed her bra. He didn't see the proper size of her or how her ni**les looked. She changed her underwear in quick time. Nothing in her movement was meant to tease or tantalise.

In that moment he hated the decision he'd made on his wedding night. Nothing could keep him away from her. He wanted her with desperation.

Not Richard or himself could keep him from claiming what was his.

"Turn around," he said.

Slowly, Opal turned to face him. Running a hand down his face, he got up out of his seat and walked over to her. She stared at him. Her eyes glazed, and he was sure it was with arousal.

"I want you to wear these for me on Friday," he told her.

"But I'm wearing a black dress."

"I don't care. Wear these for me, or there will be hell to pay." With his final warning spoken, he slammed his lips down on hers.

One taste was all he needed. Her body started out stiff against him. Taking hold of her hair, he pulled, causing her head to tilt, and a gasp escaped her lips. He took full advantage of her vulnerability.

Plunging his tongue into her mouth, he tasted her. Her hands stayed by her side. Tony kept one hand locked in her hair while the other gripped her ass. He wanted so much more. Rubbing his c**k against her stomach, their moans mingled.

Only when she began to respond did he set her loose.

"Get dressed. I'll meet you outside."

Chapter Five

On the day of the charity ball, Lily and Scarlet visited Opal at home. They helped her with her hair and make-up.

"I can't wait for Tony to show you off to his friends," Lily said.

Opal smiled and didn't say anything. Her nerves had been fried ever since he'd left her after their shopping trip. He'd ordered plenty of clothes for her to enjoy. The problem she found with the clothes was every time she looked at them she thought about the way he'd made her dress for him. Did every man do that?

Scarlet put a hand to her back and moaned.

"Are you all right?" Opal asked, concerned for her sister-in-law.

"Fine. This baby is just making his presence known more than the others."

Lily left the room.

"Can I ask you something, Scarlet?" Opal asked. She didn't feel comfortable talking to Lily. The other woman was nice, but she preferred to speak with her sister. Well, not completely a sister, but a sister by marriage.

"Sure, darling."

"Can men be attracted to a woman who is a little heavier than his other dates?" Ever since he'd rubbed himself against her stomach, she'd been confused.

"I don't know what you mean."

"Well, what if a guy kisses you, and you know....rubs up against you and his erm....bit is hard, is that a good thing?" Her cheeks were hot, and she wished she'd kept her opinion to herself.

"Are you talking about Tony?"

"No. No. Don't worry about it. Just me and my curious mind, which I've been told will get me into trouble soon. Not like you and my brother."

She noticed her brother's wife held a frown and didn't say anything else. Lily walked back in with a glass of water. Opal wondered what could be wrong. As always, time was flying by, and she didn't get chance to ask. The two women left early, and she had time to put on her gown before the bell pinged to let her know Tony had arrived.

She opened the door with a smile on her face. Pausing, she stared at him. He looked extremely handsome in a black and white tuxedo.

"Wow. You look handsome," she said, then proceeded to blush at her childish words.

"Not nearly as beautiful as you." He held out his arm. She took it, grateful for his support. The heels she wore, which she'd been practising in ever since Tony had made her buy them, were dangerously high. He helped escort her to the limousine he'd brought with him.

"In you go. Frank will take us where we need to go." Tony got in beside her. The glass sheet was up between the driver and passengers.

"This is nice," she said.

"I love your hair." He leaned over and wound a lock around his finger. "So silky."

When they were together like this it was like they were in their own little world. Tony changed with her. As if he could be more of himself when the world was shut away.

"Scarlet and Lily helped me," she said.

"You look nice. Your hair reminds me of when I found you on the swing on your wedding day with that loser. The spiral locks are the same. All you're missing are the flowers."

The drive didn't last long before Frank was pulling up outside a really fancy looking house. "This is someone's house?" she asked.

"The event is being hosted by his wife. There will be media present, so try to act your part as my adoring wife."

The moment the doors opened, the flashing of the light bulbs started. Tony reverted back to his old self, laughing and smiling for the camera. She didn't get him. One moment he was really intense, while the next he was the happy-go-lucky man.

"Sir, your parents are here," she heard a man say into his ear. He froze up in front of her.

He took her hand to help her out of the limousine. An arm went around her waist.

The media went into a frenzy. She hated the attention of the media and tried to stay out of it as much as possible.

"Sir, with your wife present does this mean your relationship with Rita Brooke has come to an end?"

"Are you and Miss Shaw back together?"

Questions were bombarded at them. Opal recognised the name of the model he'd been having an affair with. The security team got them inside the main doors.

"Savages," Tony growled.

She stayed quiet. Ever since they'd been married, she'd attended a few parties with him but nothing else.

People stopped to greet him. Opal stayed behind him not wanting to get in the way. She wished she'd told him to go alone. Parties like this didn't suit her. Like her mother said, occasions where you had to prove your worth and beauty were not fit for a person like her.

"I don't think I should be here," she said.

He spun and glared at her. "You're supposed to be here. You're my wife."

At the present she sure did not feel like much of a wife.

When they entered the main hall where the charity event was taking place her tummy took a nose dive. Everyone in high society was there. The only consolation was when she saw a table with his friends in attendance.

The moment Richard saw her, he stood to greet her. As with proper protocol, she smiled and took the seat offered to her.

Tony sat down for all of two minutes before he got up and left. Business, he said. Opal sat staring at her lap, her hands shaking.

"How is he treating you?" Richard asked.

"What?"

"Tony. How is he treating you?"

"Fine." She needed to check her vocabulary. All she seemed to say was fine. "I'm going to get up and move around."

The two couples smiled at her. Feeling like a fifth wheel, she found some solace in an alcove hidden away from most of the room. From the viewpoint she could watch everything around her.

There was a point in her life where she'd been happy being who she was. What had changed from the happy go lucky sixteen-year-old to the incredibly depressed twenty-two-year-old?

Looking out over the dance floor she saw her answer. Her husband. What had started as a stupid high school crush had escalated into something deeper.

She watched as a woman approached him. Her arms wrapping around his neck. She saw the way the woman touched him. The brush of her hand along his arm. Familiarity was in each touch. Who the woman was she didn't know, and she couldn't put a name to the face. Unless the woman in question was Rita Brooke, the glorious super model of the month. The slender woman looked ready for everything, while Opal stood in her long black dress feeling like a sack of potatoes. Lily and Wayne sat together. She watched the couple with envy. He didn't leave her side. Any woman who approached did so with caution. Her brother sat with them, Scarlet staring down at her hands.

Had her brother and Scarlet argued?

At another table, she'd spotted her parents with Charles. What was it about that man they loved so much?

Tony danced with the woman who loved touching him. A waiter passed, and being twenty-two she took a glass of champagne even though she hated the stuff. The humiliation of being brought to an event and seeing her husband pawing at all the other women was too much for her.

Leaving the room, she made her way out onto the patio overlooking the expanse of garden. A water fountain was alight, and there were guests walking round. She sipped the liquid from her glass with a wince. She'd never developed a taste for the vinegar tasting stuff. Moving round, she found a secluded area where no one stood. The night looked clear. No one to disturb her thoughts.

Should she ask for a divorce? Annulment was out of the question. His words came back to haunt her.

"....I'll f**k you before you get an annulment."

Could she live the rest of her life like this? Waiting for the next best thing to happen? At twenty-two years old she still didn't know the touch of a man, and she'd been married for over two years.

"Penny for your thoughts?" a voice asked from right next to her.

She turned and stared up.

"Charles, you scared me," she said.

"I watched you leave the dance. It's a bit of a farce, this charity event. Money has been spent hosting the damn thing when they could have sent it directly to the charity."

Opal didn't bother to argue with him.

"You look amazing," he said.

"Thank you."

He made her nervous, and she didn't know why. Not only had she humiliated him by not going through with the wedding, she'd left him for an older man.

"How is married life treating you?" And there was the punishment.

"Don't, Charles," she said. Placing her empty glass on the hard surface she made to move away.

"No. Don't go." He reached out and caught her arm. "You left me for that man in there. He's probably screwing the first thing he sees."

"How can you say stuff like that?" She wanted to close her ears and not listen to a single thing anyone else had to say.

"I would have treated you well." He grabbed both of her arms and shook her. She clenched her teeth to stop herself from crying out.

"How could you have treated me well? I know about you and everything you were doing."

"What are you talking about?" His hands tightened on her.

"Let go of me. You're hurting me."

"Get your hands off my f**king wife, now," Tony snarled.

****

He'd watched her leave the main hall followed by that f**king loser. Once, Tony had saved her from being Charles's wife. What would happen if Tony didn't make it on time?

"We're just talking. We don't need you breathing down her neck every time," Charles said.

Tony had heard enough. Bringing her to the hall had been a mistake. He walked to her side, stood right behind her. "I said, get your hands off my wife, or I'll f**king break them." His temper rose with the warning he was delivering. If the guy didn't back up, he wouldn't be held responsible for what he did to him.

"I guess it runs in the family. Maybe you should warn Opal about your own past before you start dishing out threats. My dick may wander, but at least I keep my fists to myself." Charles let her go with a shove. Tony caught her, his hands covering the place where Charles let go.

Tony kept an eye on Charles until he disappeared round the corner. With her back to his chest, he couldn't see her face.

"Why did you leave the party?" he asked.

She tried to break his grip. He didn't let her. "I wanted some fresh air."

"Is that what you were doing with that jerk? Getting some fresh air?" he asked accusingly.

"What are you trying to say?" She went to turn toward him. He wouldn't let her, his grip firm on her arms.

"Maybe you're having doubts about not marrying him. Did you wish it was him touching you the other day?"

"Will you stop this? You had your hands full with whatever woman took your fancy in there. Charles and I were just talking. Nothing else. You brought me here and then left. I don't belong here, Tony. I never have."

He spun her around. "You're worth more than all those people put together. Your parents and mine."

"Who's that woman you liked touching so much?" she asked. He detected a note of jealousy in her voice.

"Why, little Petal, are you jealous?"

"What do I have to be jealous about? You don't touch me or come near me. It's not like we're really married, is it?" He detected the challenge in her voice. She didn't know it, but it awakened him.

"You don't think we're married?" Tony moved her until her back pressed against the outside brick wall. "Do you let any man touch you like this?" He cupped one of her br**sts in his hands, his finger grazing her hard ni**les.

She moaned, and he tweaked her nipple. "These tits are mine," he said. Taking hold of one of the straps, he pulled it down exposing her breast. In the darkness he couldn't see her properly. Did she have large or small ni**les? The weight of her br**sts felt good in his hand.

"What are you doing? Someone might see," she said. She tried to pull the strap up to cover her body from him.

"Do you think I'd let someone else see what's mine?" he said.

She let her hand fall to her side.

"You want me, don't you, Petal?" he asked.

"Don't make me answer that."

Licking his lips, he smiled. Opal was playing hard to get. She'd unleashed the animal in him, and now she'd have to pay the price. No one challenged him.

He pressed the palm of his hand against the apex of her thighs. When they'd been in Richard's house he'd touched her through her jeans. With her dress, she was more open to him. She couldn't hide what was his.

One hand at her cunt, he used his other to lift her dress from under his hold until he felt the fabric of the red, French lace knickers he'd told her to wear.

She gasped. "Tony, what are you doing?"

He loved hearing his name on her lips. "Claiming you." He slammed his lips down on hers, taking possession of her mouth while his fingers moved the fabric of her panties aside. In seconds he was touching her wet slit.

Pulling away from the kiss he stared down into her eyes. They were open wide in shock.

"You're touching me," she said with a gasp.

"You're f**king wet, Petal. Have you been holding out on me?" He wouldn't go inside her. The pleasure would be for his dick when he finally took her sweet virginity. He wanted it all. Everything she had to offer. The time of debating was over. Opal Hunt was his wife, and from this day forth he was going to f**king have her. He no longer cared that she was his best friend's sister. Opal was his, and that is the way it would remain.

"You want me, baby."

She moaned as he fingered her clit. The swollen little nub responded to every touch. Her body shook. Inserting a leg between her thighs, he used his other hand to take hold of hers. "I want you to touch me."

Pulling away from her hold, he unzipped his trousers and pulled his c**k out. In the darkness she wouldn't be able to see the length. He needed to have some form of relief by her hand, at least for a moment. If he didn't shoot his load he would combust from the building desire to have her.

His balls were tight, and he knew with a few strokes he'd come. He moved her hand to cup him. "I'll show you what to do," he said. With his free hand, he began to stroke her clit. With the other wrapped around her hand, he showed her what he wanted, guiding her hand over his cock.

The pleasure of her untutored hands had the power to destroy him. He touched her as she touched him.

"What's happening?" she asked.

"I'm going to make you come," he said. The noise of the party grew louder, but he didn't care. No way could he pull himself from the pleasure of her hand.

In moments she was fighting, her h*ps thrusting up to meet him, the grip on his c**k growing tighter with every passing moment. She cried out, and to contain her screams he kissed her, absorbing every cry and moan.

She cl**axed on his fingers. He touched as close to her entrance as he dared. No way would he take her up against the brick wall, even if he wanted to. He kept her hand on his shaft and pumped into her hand. In seconds he lost control, shooting his seed into her hand and onto her leg. He laid his head on her neck and took a second to catch his breath. "That was amazing," he said.

She didn't say anything, and he felt her instant withdrawal from him. He knew she wouldn't completely understand what had happened. Pulling away, he pulled a napkin from his pocket. He cleaned his hand and dick before putting himself away. Then he took her hand, washed his seed from her hand and leg. "Go to the bathroom when we go in." She nodded her head and made to move.

"Hey," he said. He took hold of her chin and kissed her on the lips. "This changes everything. Do you understand?"

She nodded her head and walked back. Tony gathered his bearings before he entered the hall.

Rita Brooke was turning into a thorn, a pain he couldn't get rid of. He'd slept with her up until the point he'd married Opal. For two years he hadn't touched another woman. In two years the only woman capable of firing the heat in his blood was Opal. He watched as she walked back out of the bathroom. Before anyone could approach her, he led her onto the dance floor.

The rest of the night passed by in a haze. Tony refused to let her out of his sight, even as his dad motioned to talk to him. Seeing his old man reminded him of the fear he still had. Wrapping Opal in his arms, he refused to believe he could hurt her. Just because he was the son of a bastard wife-beater didn't mean he would become one.

Chapter Six

The following week she went out for a walk to try to catch some fresh air. Tony hadn't been in touch, but from what she'd heard a new takeover bid was happening; and he needed to be there.

She thought about the way he had acted at the charity ball, about his possessive nature, which then led her to think about what they'd done up against the wall. Her insides clenched when she thought about his hands on her body.

Smiling, she passed a newspaper stand. Glancing over each paper and magazine her eyes were held by one in particular. Without much thought she paid the man and took the magazine. Across the road was a park. She took a seat on one of the secluded benches. On the front cover it had a huge spread of the charity ball with Tony being the main man of the event. As she turned the pages, her tummy dipped. She felt dizzy and sick. The centre fold was a comparison of her and Rita Brooke. One of the photographs was of Tony and Rita dancing. They looked like the true celebrity couple. The successful businessman and the model. On the opposite page was a picture of her dancing with Tony. She didn't look mature or worldly like Miss Brooke.

The caption read, "Which one would you choose?"

Biting her lip she read the article which contained most of their past. The humiliation at the church and the subsequent scandal that followed, even down to certain rumours she'd gotten pregnant to trap Tony.

In the morning sunlight, her engagement ring and wedding band glinted in the light. He said he wouldn't let her go. Did he have much of a choice? From the looks of the pictures in the magazine she hindered his career more than she helped it.

A couple of women passed, jogging. The tears fell as the enormity of her decision plagued her.

Getting up from her park, she dumped the magazine and her heart in the nearest trash bin. With nothing to do with her day than to twiddle her thumbs, she walked to Richard's office building.

The walk took over an hour, but she didn't mind. With Tony's latest demands she couldn't get a job, and she knew he'd find a way of stopping her.

Scarlet no longer worked for him, and so another woman made her sit out and wait. She heard him shouting down the phone seconds before he appeared in his doorway.

"I don't want that man on my phone again. Get me some coffee," he said and turned to go back in when he stopped and saw her. "Opal, what are you doing here?"

"I was told to wait."

He turned to glare at his secretary. "From now on you send her straight into my office, do you understand me?"

The woman nodded and left with her tail between her legs. Opal followed him into his office.

"What brings the pleasure of your visit?" he asked.

"I take it the new secretary isn't looking up?" she said instead.

"No. Practically useless. Scarlet would never keep you outside. She knows family come first."

"Maybe you could get her to work for you again?" she said.

"In her condition she needs to rest. Enough about me and my life. What about yours?"

She took the seat in front of his desk. "I wanted to ask you a question."

"Shoot."

"Well, it's not a question really. I was wondering if you knew a lawyer who would be willing to handle a divorce case."

"On what grounds?"

"Mutual misunderstanding. A separation of sorts."

"Opal, who's this divorce for?" Richard asked.

"For me....and Tony," she said.

"Does he know about your feelings? Haven't you tried to work something out?"

Opal glanced around the room. This is why she didn't want her brother handling the marriage. He asked too many questions, and she'd already caused a rift in their friendship.

"I don't need to talk about it. I think it's time I let Tony go his own way. We're not compatible or anything, and I don't want to bring him any further shame." The tears were so close to the surface.

"What I saw last Friday would question the way you think," he said.

"Last Friday we were playing happy couples for an event."

"I don't think that's what it is."

"Look, this is hard for me already, Richard. Could you please file the paperwork or whatever? I don't want to do this anymore. He'll be free to go and marry Rita Brooke or whomever he wanted. I'm not here to trap him."

Silence met her outburst. She looked up to find Richard staring at her. "Do you love him?"

"What?"

"In all the years I've known Tony or you've known him, I never saw anything between you. I thought at one time you had a crush, and then you got married to him. Do you love him, Opal?"

Two years ago she had been a happy-go-lucky twenty-year-old who'd been talked into doing what her parents wanted. All of her life she'd wanted to be able to make her own choices. In her world, she hadn't been allowed to. Every time she had to get permission from her parents.

"I don't want to answer that," she said. She knew in her heart she loved Tony. Always had and always would. Childish or stupid school-girl adoration wouldn't force a man to suddenly change his mind. Tony would never see her as anything other than Richard's little sister. She couldn't live constantly loving a man who would never love her back. Or staring at magazine articles wondering if he saw the same flaws as other people.

"I think you need to think about it. When a divorce proceeding starts and goes through, pulling it back is the hardest thing."

"I accept that."

"Do you really?"

There he went, talking to her like a child. It was time she gave him the blunt truth.

"Two years ago your friend Tony helped keep me from marrying a man I would never love. Our parents bought about that wedding to strengthen the Shaw name. Out of every person I knew Tony found me and helped me." She bit her lip and stared at her finger with the rings on. "I think it's time I give him his freedom back."

Opal stood and removed the rings. "When the papers get posted will you make sure he gets these? Tell him I said thank you."

Before Richard had time to convince her otherwise, she left the building. She walked all the way back to her house. On the mantel piece, the one and only wedding photo she had of her day lay framed. She picked up the picture and placed it on the fire.

****

Tony stared down at the glossy magazine and then up at his secretary. "Why are you giving me this? I don't read this shit," he said.

"I think there is something interesting you might like to see," she said, placing his coffee down on the desk beside him. When she disappeared, he took hold of the magazine. The main event was all about the charity ball last Friday with a large picture of him. Frowning, he opened the page and found what he was looking for. The centre fold disgusted him. Rita Brooke was becoming a thorn in his side. He just knew she had something to do with the horrid pictures. What he didn't understand was why they viewed Opal with such a negative opinion. He thought she looked dazzling.

Throwing the article away, he hoped Opal wouldn't see it. This type of trash would only serve to hinder his course. After the charity event, he'd hoped to continue with his promise. He no longer wanted a wife waiting in the wings. He wanted her to be his completely.

His secretary ran through. "Sir, Mr. Shaw is here to see you."

"Send him in."

The door opened, and all six feet of his best friend filled his door. Tony would be scared if he weren't the same height as Richard.

"What brings you to my neck of the woods?"

"I got an interesting visit the other day."

"Who from?"

"Opal."

That got his attention. "Is she all right?" He stood ready to leave if something bad had happened to her.

"Yes. She wanted me to give you these." Richard walked over and placed a file on his desk. Tony glanced down and knew immediately what it was.

"What the f**k is this?" Tony asked as he slammed it down on his desk.

"I'm sure you're clever enough to work out and see that they're divorce papers," he said.

"I know what they are. I want to know why you're giving them to me."

"Before I forget," Richard said. He went through his pockets and handed him two wedding rings. "She wanted me to say, thank you for helping her."

Tony stared down at both rings. In the space of a few minutes his whole world had fallen out of whack. He knew that stupid article had something to do with this shit.

"I think you know."

"Has Opal requested this?"

"I think it's time you left my sister alone. You've been married two years, and nothing has happened. Leave her out of this. You've done enough damage," Richard said.

"Does this have anything to do with Charles sniffing around?" Tony asked.

"How do you know about Charles?"

"Just because I'm not there doesn't mean I don't have means of taking care of what's mine."

"Opal is not yours. I'm taking care of my sister."

"If you were taking care of your sister, you'd keep that sick f**ker away from her. Didn't you get on her wedding day that she didn't want anything to do with him?"

"Like I said, it's time for you to leave her alone."

Tony stared down at the papers, the boiling rage coursing through him. He wasn't going to sign those papers. Opal was his woman, and he wasn't going to let her go.

"And I think it's time you left Opal alone. She may be your sister, but she's my f**king wife." Tony stepped closer getting in his friend's face. He'd accepted a punch from him two years ago, but he wasn't going to let him get away with it again. "Now tell me where my woman is, or so help me God, I will cause you more trouble than you ever imagined."

"If you want her so badly, why are you waiting?"

"Because two years ago I f**ked up on our friendship, and right now, I'm prepared to overlook it. But Opal loves you. I don't want that to come between us." Tony refused to back down until he got Richard's blessing.

"Go and get her."

Tony left his office and ran toward his car. He knew in his gut she was in trouble. The security he'd placed around her had informed him she hadn't returned to the house in several days. He knew her parents were trying to get her back with that bastard Charles. He wasn't having it. Opal was his, and it was time he was going to show the world he meant business.

Chapter Seven

She should have known her parents had another agenda when they invited her to dinner. No one changed their mind that quickly. When she got the call early in the morning, she'd been excited to have dinner with her family. Her mum had mentioned Richard and Scarlet making an appearance. What she'd found instead were malicious stares with Charles waiting for her.

In no time at all, he had her alone. His touches repulsed her. She wanted Tony to rescue her.

Don't be stupid. Richard has probably started the divorce proceedings, and your so-called husband won't want anything to do with you.

"Can't you see how right we are for each other?" Charles asked. He knelt down in front of her, his hands running from her knee, under her skirt. She stopped him from moving further up her knee.

"We weren't right for each other. I would have made you miserable, and you would have made miserable. Can't you see that? We're better this way," she said.

"And you make Tony Hunt happy?" Opal heard the taunt in his voice. The statement cut her deep. She watched as he walked over to her father's desk and picked up the magazine with the comparison between her and another woman. "This is making you happy? Seeing the woman you could never be?"

"I don't have to listen to this." She made to stand, but Charles placed a firm hand on her shoulder and pushed her back down. A cry escaped her as her ass hit the handle of the chair. She slipped down. A painful throb in her left ass cheek made her wince.

"You do have to listen. Do you think Tony is going to come and save you now?"

"Why do you want me, Charles? You had your own mistress at the time, and you didn't want anything to do with me. What's changed?" she asked.

"You were promised to me, Opal. You were supposed to be my wife." She didn't like the tone of his voice, the almost hysterical need she saw on his face. There was more to this than she'd ever thought.

"What's going on?" she asked. Charles hadn't looked upset on the day she'd announced she wouldn't be marrying him. What had changed in the last two years?

Opal stared at Charles as he circled her dad's study. She wished she'd ignored the invitation to have dinner with her parents. The moment she walked through the door she'd been unable to leave. She hated it. Her old groom was circling her as if she was some prey he wanted to take a bite from.

"You humiliated me, Opal. But I've been talking to Mr. and Mrs. Shaw, and we've decided it will be good for us to brush it all aside and start again."

"No. That's not going to happen. You tell me now why you suddenly want me?" She stood up and faced him. "Don't you f**king touch me," she said as he went to push her back down again.

"It was all right for you. You've got a rich husband to keep you," he said.

"You've got rich parents and an entire empire waiting for you. Why me?" she screamed.

"Because we thought it was a joke. We all thought Tony would dump you as soon as he could. Seeing you around with him, he's not going to drop you. My parents have disowned me until I bring you back as my wife," Charles said.

Opal would have laughed. Tony had practically dumped her the day after their marriage. If only his family knew. "What do you want me to do about it?"

"Unless you marry me, I've got to work from the ground up at my dad's company. I refuse to start that low. I've f**ked half the women on that floor, and most of them I've treated like shit because I'm better than them," he said.

She glanced at him then at the floor. "I don't want to marry you."

"What?"

"I don't want to marry you."

"You don't have a choice. You'll do as you're told. You're a woman, and no one listens to women anyway."

"Are you even hearing yourself? I'm married to Tony, and I wouldn't leave him for you." Coming to her parents' was a huge mistake. The moment she left she would never return. From this day forward she wouldn't depend on anyone but herself. She cut off her other thoughts about Tony. The only person she would want to be held by was the one man who didn't want anything to do with her.

"But the arrangements have already been made." His hands landed on her shoulder and pushed her back down into the chair.

She closed her eyes and prayed for herself to wake up at home in her own bed. When she opened her eyes, she wanted to scream and cry out. The unfairness of her predicament was killing her.

"You will be mine, Opal," Charles said as he leaned down, his face right next to hers.

There was some commotion outside. Shouting, slamming, and then the door to the study was thrown open. She turned, and never had she been so grateful to see Tony before. He stood in the doorway looking every inch of the menacing man he was.

"Step the f**k away from my wife," he growled.

Goosebumps erupted along her skin. The possessive way he stared at her and turned his anger on Charles. With Tony here, she would be safe. At least she would be safe from everyone that wasn't him.

"Excuse me, but this is a private conversation," Charles said. He didn't pull away from her body.

"There is no reason for you to be talking to my wife. Step the f**k back from her."

Charles stood. He ran his hands down his suit jacket. "Do you really want to fight for her, or do you use your fists to keep her in place?"

Opal jumped at the opportunity to be away from him. She got up and walked to Tony's side. His gaze remained fixed on Charles. Placing a hand on his shoulder, she got his attention.

"What?" he asked.

"Let's go. Coming here was a mistake," she said.

"Go and get in the car. I won't be a moment."

Opal stared at him. She knew what would happen if she left him. "He's not worth it."

"I said go and get in the car. Don't question me on this, Opal."

Why did men always tell her what to do? Shaking her head, she moved past him, through the door to the front door.

"If you step out of this house, don't even think about coming back," her mother called. Opal stopped with her hand over the door knob. This was her childhood home. A place she at once loved and hated with the same amount of passion.

Turning round she stared at her parents, the two people she'd hoped would come to love her for who she was. "This has never been my home. Only a prison." She opened the door with a sigh and walked out. No longer would she look back. Only moving forward.

****

Tony waited until he heard the front door close behind her. He had no desire to fight this bastard, but he would if he ever laid a finger on his woman again.

"You always chose the bad moments to interrupt. Can I get you a drink?" Charles asked.

"No," Tony said.

He watched as the other man filled a glass to the top and began to take huge gulps out of it. Seeing the way his father was on alcohol, he tried to keep himself under control. Whenever he wanted to lose control, he did so away from everyone. No way would his downfall into drinking affect anyone but himself.

"So how much will it take to give Opal up?" Charles asked him.

"She's not for sale." He wouldn't give his woman to this f**ker if he was down to his last dime.

"Everyone has a price. What's yours?"

"Opal. Is. Not. For. Sale," he said each word slowly.

"She will be mine. After all, you've got Rita Brooke. Surely she's more in your league than an innocent like Opal."

He'd had enough. Tony knocked the glass out of the guy's hand and slammed him up against the nearest wall. "You come near her, and I'll make sure you'll never father children again. I mean it." To add to his threat he threw a punch at his face and watched in satisfaction as Charles went down in a heap.

He didn't stay around to clean up the mess. Opal sat in the car waiting for him. He got into the driver's side, threw the car into gear and was out of there. Once they were on the road he slowed the car down.

"What did you do?" she asked.

"Don't talk," he said. His knuckles hurt. Looking at them he saw they were red and sore. Biting his lip, he let out a bunch of curses and slammed the steering wheel. He hated when his anger got the better of him.

Opal sat as far from him as possible. Tony saw the tense way she sat. Trying to stay hidden from his temper. As if she was afraid he would start on her.

"Don't be afraid of me," he said. "I would never hurt you."

She relaxed slowly. Thankful for small mercies, he drove straight to the hotel which housed one of his penthouse suites. He got the valet to park his car while he escorted Opal up to his room.

He closed the door and pulled her along to his sitting room. Pacing the room, he ran his fingers through his hair. Glancing at her, he saw her staring back at him. Her blonde hair was in disarray around her shoulders. She wore no make-up. The skirt looked crinkled as well.

"Did you let that f**ker touch you?" he asked. Seeing Charles near her had sent alarm bells ringing through his head. He didn't want any other man touching what was his.

"No. He was there, and I didn't know he would be. I thought my parents wanted me to have dinner with them," she said.

He saw the confusion on her face. He had never acted like this in front of her. It had been only recently that he'd started making demands from her.

"I don't want any other man touching you," he said.

"Why?"

"Do you really need me to answer that?" he asked.

"You've never shown an interest in me before. The kisses and whatever that was at the charity ball has been the only kind of attention. What's changed? Why don't you want any other man touching me?"

She had a valid argument. "Because you're mine, and I intend to keep what's mine."

She glanced at him and then looked around the room. "You keep saying that, and I don't know what you mean by it."

Tony stared at her across the room. She looked innocent and perfect. His control was breaking, and he knew it was only a matter of time before he'd lose the battle.

"I don't know what you want from me, Tony," she said. "First you tell me we're not going to have the proper kind of marriage other couples have, and I accept that. When I serve you divorce papers you come and manhandle me out of my home. Now I'm here, and you're telling me you want me to be your wife?"

He didn't offer her an answer. Taking the few steps forward he stood in front of her. "I want you," he said. "And what is killing me is you don't know how much I want you."

"You said...."

"I don't give a f**k what I said before. That was over two years ago. My God, I didn't want to be attracted to you, but I was."

He heard her gasp and ignored the sound. "Do you have any idea what it's like wanting your best friend's sister? Not only are you Richard's sister, Opal. You're f**king younger than me." Tony had never said anything to her about the attraction he felt. "I feel like a dirty old man. You're twenty-two years old. You should be out dating and screwing around with men your own age. Not married to me."

She stood frozen where he'd put her. Tony wanted to hear her screaming back at him. To hear how disgusted she was with him.

"But I can't do it. I can't let you leave me. I won't sign those divorce papers. You're the one thing I refuse to give up in this life."

Tears slid down her cheeks. He hated being the one responsible for putting them there.

"Don't cry," he said.

"What do I say?" she asked. He closed the distance between them. Tony wrapped her in his arms and breathed a sigh of relief. Her arms stayed by her side.

"Tell me you don't want the divorce. Give us a chance," he said.

"What about Rita Brooke?"

He hated that woman's name. Since their affair had ended all she did was plague him for something more. "She means nothing to me. The only woman I want is you. Please, Opal. Give me a chance to show you how good it can be for us."

Chapter Eight

Opal closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around him. Tony had come back for her. He was her own personal white knight. His words meant so much to her. She hadn't been fighting the demons he had. She didn't care that he was her brother's best friend. To her, Tony was the man she'd loved for most of her life.

Would he be happy with her? No answer came to her.

"Can you be happy with me?" she asked, her insecurities raising their ugly heads.

"I'm happiest whenever I'm with you. The only time I'm whole is when you're near," he said.

She bit her lip and stared up the length of his body. Gently, so she didn't make him disappear. She laid her palm on his chest. Opal felt his heart beat. Looking into his eyes, she saw raw, na**d need staring back at her.

"Is this a chance for our marriage to be real?" she asked.

He nodded his head.

"Not in name only?"

"I want you, Opal. I always have."

She nodded her head. She understood him. "If we do this, I want a proper marriage."

"Yes...."

She held her hand up. "I want us to go on our honeymoon. To spend some time together without Richard or anything else distracting us. Could you agree to that? Just me and you, alone?"

After the wedding she'd spent so long thinking about the honeymoon she would never have. This was her time to finally have what she wanted.

"I'll give you anything you want."

"Okay. I want us to go on a honeymoon. Straight away. Me and you."

"Consider it done."

****

Tony kept his word. The following day they were flying out to one of the island resorts he owned. A private helicopter had picked them up from the roof of his hotel. She'd called Richard and asked him to not interfere. It was her life, and she wanted to start living it without any outside influences.

When they landed, Tony took her by the hand and led her through to the main reception desk. A woman wearing a bikini greeted them. For the journey, Opal had picked a pair of jeans and a loose fitting shirt. The moment the doors of the helicopter opened, the heat had swamped her.

Minutes later they were driven to a private part of the resort.

"Where are we going? Aren't we staying at the main part of the resort?" she asked.

"This is our honeymoon. I should have given you one two years ago. This way we get to be alone the whole time and only venture out when we fancy it."

His arm lay across her shoulders. She relaxed against him. They pulled up to a beautiful looking beach house. Tony smiled at her and kissed her on the lips before helping her out of the car.

"You own this?" she asked as the man pulled their suitcases out of the trunk.

"Yes. One of my many dream purchases over the years." Tony let the man unload their stuff. He took her inside, showing her the layout.

She couldn't believe how beautiful it all was. The decoration was made to make every part of the house feel open and airy. They had glass doors, and when she opened them to step onto the veranda type patio she could see the ocean. She turned to see Tony leaning up against the doorframe.

"This is amazing," she said.

"And it's all ours."

The man who'd driven them made a noise to get their attention. Tony paid him a tip and let him out. She stood and looked out at the beautiful view. A lot had happened in the last twenty-four hours. Much of it she couldn't even describe.

From the scene with Charles to the admission from Tony, she was close to exploding with all of their conflicting emotions.

She jolted as his hands circled her waist. His chin rested against her neck. "So many thoughts going through your mind, Mrs. Hunt. Care to share any of them?"

"You seem to be changing before my very eyes. No one has ever called me Mrs. Hunt before," she said.

"Get used to the name. I rather like it when I hear it directed at you."

"Are you sure you're not going to regret this?" she asked.

"This is the happiest I've been in a long time. I think this is the best idea, getting away from the real world. It's just you and me. No one else."

They stood and watched the waves of the sea crash against the far rocks. She looked forward to spending some time outside, reading. Tony would still need to attend to some business. She looked forward to taking advantage of the sun.

"Come on, let's get everything settled." He took her hand and led her through the rest of the house. "Do you know how to cook?" he asked.

"Yes. The one thing I like doing for myself," she said.

"Good. Otherwise we'd have to go out to eat. I don't want to leave all that much." Tony showed her the kitchen, the sitting room. "We even have a pool through there. An indoor pool so you can swim anytime."

Her heart rate picked up speed as he led her upstairs.

The layout was different. There wasn't a full upstairs, but rather it was as if the house had been cut in half.

"This is the games room." He opened a door, and she saw a pool table with a few other bits and pieces she'd seen in the movies. She recognised the pool table. She'd placed Richard a few times. Not that she was any competition.

"This is the main bathroom." It looked like more of a full scale room on its own.

"And this is the bedroom." The final door was pushed open.

She walked inside and gasped. The room looked amazing. A large bed but along one wall was a dressing table and a chest of drawers.

"You only have one room?" she asked.

He walked closer until he stood in front of her. She took a step back. He smirked and moved closer as she continued to move backwards. Wanting to be with someone and then knowing you were going to be with him was completely different. She hadn't been with a man before whereas he'd probably shagged a lot of the female population.

"This is our honeymoon. I figured you'd want to share a bed. We're married, and this is our chance to explore it." He tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. "Don't worry. We don't have to do anything tonight. We'll relax. Eat and talk. I'll never pressure you to do something you don't want to do."

She felt reassured and smiled. They grabbed their cases and unpacked their clothes. Their conversation was short but nothing uncomfortable.

The time change meant it was close to nightfall. She put some meats in a sandwich and served it with some fruit. They sat outside allowing the night breeze to drift over them.

"I'm going to get a shower," she said.

Tony took the plate from her. She disappeared inside the bathroom.

Chapter Nine

While Opal showered, he took the time to get caught up with his business. Unfortunately, the only way he could give her the honeymoon she wanted was by being in contact with his main office at all times. He fired up the laptop and checked through his mails, giving her plenty of time to soak and relax. Making sure they had a one bedroom beach house had taken some working as most of the houses had been taken in the holiday rush. He owned the whole resort but still needed to book in advance.

Richard had warned him to tread carefully, reminding him of Opal's long-time crush. As if he needed warning. Tony had spent most of his time under the thrall of hero worship. When nothing of any importance showed up in his inbox, he closed the email down and unhooked his laptop.

After a quick glance around to make sure everything was still in order, he made his way up to the bedroom. The bathroom door lay open. Taking a deep breath, he opened the door to the room where they would share a bed as a married couple.

She sat in the middle of the bed, drying her hair. He smiled as she looked up. The nerves were clearly written on her face.

"There's plenty of hot water if you want a shower," she said. Tony had to fight to keep his eyes above her chest. She wore one of those silk nighties, with thin straps and a whole lot of lace. It was a pale pink shade that worked wonders for her. He thought about their shopping trip and how he'd gotten her to model the dark red underwear.

"Ouch." She ran a brush through her long hair. "I swear, one day, I'm going to get all this cut off."

"Don't you dare," he said. Tony took the brush and the towel from her. "Why don't you use one of those hair dryer thingies?"

"Because they are bad for your hair. Besides, I like brushing my hair, or at least I do when my conditioner does what it says for smooth and silky finish," she said. He heard the grumble in her tone.

Tony chuckled. "Let me try." He took the spot behind her, his legs on either side of her. Taking her by the waist he pulled her closer. He tried not to think about how good it felt with her body directly close to his. Or the way her skin looked so soft and flushed from the heat.

"You don't have to do this," she said.

"I want to. It will give me good practise one day." He used the towel and stared to dry her hair. Gently, not pulling. Her floral scent invaded his nostrils, and he smiled thinking about how perfectly the scent suited her.

"Why will you need practise?"

"I might have a daughter one day who'll want me to do her hair."

She tensed, and he knew he'd hit a nerve.

"Do you really think you'll have kids one day?" she asked. Tony smiled. He was hoping to have enough to fill at least seven bedrooms. Maybe more.

"We're going to have children someday, Opal."

He laid a kiss on her shoulder and finished drying her hair. It was surprising how happy he was to simply be with a woman. Opal wasn't just any kind of woman. She was his woman and would be so for the rest of her life.

When he was done, he picked up the brush, careful not to hurt her.

He heard her yawn. "I take it I'm good with the whole hair brushing thing?" he asked.

"Much better than I expected."

Tony spent a great deal of time on her hair until it was dry and silky smooth. "Maybe you should read the fine print on your conditioner. I'm going to jump in the shower." He kissed her again before leaving her to go and shower.

With her being closer, he took a long cold shower to try to get rid of his hard on. He didn't want her to be worried about him wanting to get his rocks off this early.

Twenty minutes later, he walked back into the bedroom. She sat reading a book.

"You're into erotic romance, I see."

She blushed, and he couldn't help but laugh. "You can't hide it from me. I pay the bills for all the books you read. Can't you get one of those e-reader things that everyone is raving about?"

He switched off the main light. He was purposefully trying to keep the topic light so he could make it into bed without her panicking.

"I thought about it. I guess I should give it a go and stop allowing trees to be cut down," she said.

Tony pulled back the cover. His got a glimpse of pale, creamy thigh. Ignoring the instant reaction in his body, he climbed into bed beside her. She leaned over and switched out the lamp.

"I've never slept in a bed with a man before," she said as she settled down.

He knew that already, but hearing the admission come from her lips moved him a little bit more.

"I only want to hold you," he said. They moved together. Tony wrapped one arm around her waist as the other snuck under her head. Her ass was against his groin. He pressed his legs against hers.

"This is nice," she whispered.

"Get used to it," he told her. A giggle sounded next to him. Tony smiled and laid a kiss on her head. "Go to sleep, Petal."

She relaxed against him. Within moments he heard the change in her breathing. Sighing he held her, his hand stroking small circles along her belly and up. He wished the light was on so he could get a good look at her.

Opal never really opened up with anyone. Having her in his arms meant the world to him. He counted off the seconds until sleep claimed him.

****

Someone was calling out in their sleep. The bed shook with each quiver. Opal opened her eyes and saw the time on the bed side clock. Two o'clock in the morning. Glancing round, she saw Tony lying curled up in a ball at the end of the bed.

"Please, please, don't hurt me," he said.

Opal rubbed the sleep from her eyes. Panicked, she leaned over to switch the outside light on.

His shouts were getting louder. Not knowing what to do, she reached out and touched him on the arm.

"Tony?" she said. He responded lightning quick. Before she could stop him, Tony had her on her back with his hand around her throat. He snarled and shouted.

"Tony," she screamed his name over and over again. The one fortunate point was the hold he had on her throat wasn't too tight. "Tony. It's me, Petal."

With a final scream, he woke up out of his dream. He looked horrified as soon as he saw his hand round her throat.

"Opal. Oh my God. Did I hurt you?"

"You didn't hurt me. What were you dreaming about?"

Tony withdrew. He sat up in bed, ran his fingers through his hair.

"I should leave you to sleep," he said.

"Don't leave me alone," she asked. She sat up and rubbed her throat. "What were you dreaming about?" she asked. "Come on. If I'm going to be your wife completely, you can't keep hiding stuff away from me."

"I don't want to talk about it."

She took hold of his hand, kissed his knuckles, turned the light off and snuggled down.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Getting some sleep. Hold me, Tony."

Opal rested her head against the pillow and waited. She didn't want to make Tony relive something that hurt him.

After awhile he began stroking her stomach. Usually, she'd be upset with him messing with a large part of her. But she liked the feel of his arms around her and wouldn't dream of making him stop.

"When I was growing up my dad use to hit me," he said. Opal froze as everything she'd learnt about the man she was married to hit her square in the face. Charles had made a reference to him being like his father. "No one would believe good old Mr. Hunt would even dream of hurting his wife and kid. Whenever he had a bad day at work with no one to take the blame, me and my mum would take the pounding he couldn't dish out to anyone else."

She remained silent. Tears blurred her vision as she looked out at her side of the bed. She'd seen his father. He seemed like a kind man, but then her parents didn't look the type to sell their daughter off to the highest bidder.

"At first it started with a couple of slaps here and there. My toys were lying around, so I got a slap to make sure I sorted my mess out. My mum cooked a bad dinner, so a slap to teach her to the follow the recipe."

He stopped, and she couldn't control the flow of tears. In her mind she saw a young boy cowering in a corner, terrified of when a parent came home.

"After a while he chose to use his belt. The leather ones with a metal buckle. When he couldn't control his aim he moved to his fists and then a few kicks. My mum wouldn't leave him. She thought his hits were a sign of love. He loved us so much he had to hurt us."

"But you got out?" she said.

"Don't cry for me, baby. As soon as I could, I was gone. My mum wouldn't go. She didn't see anything wrong in what was happening. I know Wayne and Richard had their faults with their parents, but they thought mine were amazing. I never had the heart to tell them how bad it was at home."

"They don't know?"

"No. You won't tell anyone else this?" he asked.

"Of course not."

"I'm surprised you'll still let me hold you," he said.

Opal turned to try to see him. "Why wouldn't I want you to hold me?"

"Because of what I'm capable of."

She sat up and turned the light back on.

"You're not capable of raising your fist to anyone. I know you wouldn't dream of hurting me. You've done nothing but protect me." She held his face between her hands. "I trust you, Tony." She kissed his lips before turning the light out and settling back down. The rest of the night he slept in peace.

Opal wondered why he'd never told any of his friends about the treatment he'd gotten as a child. She closed her eyes as sleep claimed her. The love she felt for Tony meant more to her than his fear about being like his father.

Chapter Ten

The first few days passed with them growing more comfortable together. They took long walks on the beach, shared meals and laughed at old television shows. Opal relished every little touch and kiss he gave her, but she wanted more. The longer he held back, the more she wanted him.

On their third night at the resort, she'd had enough. The honeymoon and sex were taking too long. She was twenty years old. A virgin and she wanted to give herself to Tony. To show him that it didn't matter about his parents. She still loved him regardless of what he'd been through.

He sent her upstairs to get ready for dinner. She'd put some chicken br**sts with peppers, garlic, onions and tomatoes in the oven to roast with a bit of olive oil and salt and pepper. He promised to keep an eye on it while she changed. She went into the bedroom, looking for the sexiest dress she could find. The only one she owned that didn't make her look like an escaped whale was a pastel green summer dress which ended at her knee and exposed most of her cle**age. Grabbing some make-up, a hairbrush and other items, she went to the bathroom.

The time it would take to have a bath could spoil the mood she intended to set. She quickly showered, wiping away all the day's sweat and grime. Once she'd done she got out and dried every inch of her body. She used some moisturiser to keep her skin soft. She chose simple, plain white underwear to go under her dress.

She put on the dress and some make-up. She brushed her hair and winced whenever she caught a knot.

Thirty minutes later, the food smelt heavenly, and she was ready to leave the bathroom. He sat on the sofa watching a football game. Placing a hand on her hip with one against the door she tried her best not to look like she was in seduction mood.

"What are you watching?" she asked.

She didn't dare look at him in case she crumpled and ruined the mood.

"A football game," he said.

"Enjoy. Dinner will be in two minutes. Do you want to eat here or at the table?"

"The table will be fine." She nodded her head, and she set the table to make sure she could be seated right next to him.

The chicken was cooked through and still juicy, along with all the vegetables. She served it up on two plates with a sprinkle of chopped parsley.

Tony was already sat at the table as she brought the food in.

"You're hungry, huh?" she asked.

"What are you up to?"

Ignoring his question, she placed his plate in front of him. "I don't have much for dessert, so eat up and enjoy."

She took a swig of her water and wished she'd tried some of the wine she'd seen in the fridge.

They ate in silence. Every once in a while, she'd stroke her foot along his leg, or touch his arm. The only seduction she'd ever heard about had been in the books she read. The women knew what they were doing, or at least the men ravished them before they had to make the first move.

Come on, Tony. I'm ready to explode over here. Give me something.

She jumped as his hand landed on her thigh. He didn't speak or even look at her as he worked his hand underneath her dress. She waited with bated breath, but after a few minutes passed he hadn't moved his hand past her knee. Biting her lip in disappointment she speared a piece of chicken and took a bite.

His hand moved up to mid-thigh making her drop her fork. The clatter as it hit the plate made her jump. In that time his hand went directly over her panties. She noticed he wasn't eating anymore, and his body was turned toward her.

"I know what you're trying to do," he said.

"What am I trying to do?"

"Seduce me, but it's not supposed to work like that, Opal."

He didn't move his hand, and his thumb moved slowly. She hoped he was doing it on purpose. From the simple movement she was ready to burst at the seams.

"I'm ready, Tony. I want you," she said.

"What I meant to say is, I'm the one supposed to seduce you, Petal. Not the other way round."

A little woman inside her head was jumping for joy. "I want you, Tony. Please."

"I shouldn't. I'm not right for you."

"You won't let any other man touch me. You want me to be your wife. How can I be with you when you won't even make love to me?" she asked.

"Because I want to f**k you, Opal."

"What?"

"I don't know if I have it in me to be gentle. For your first time you deserve to have the time spent making sure it's good. I've never made love to a woman before."

"Are you a virgin?" She wouldn't believe a man of his age could remain intact.

"No. I pick women who know the score. Who know when they come to my bed, they're going to be in for a hard f**king. I don't do nice."

Disappointment went through her like a train wreck. Her body was buzzing, and she desperately wanted Tony to give in and have his wicked way with her. Without giving herself time to think, she placed her hand on his shaft, her grip moving over the pulsing heat she felt through his clothes.

"I want us to try. Please, Tony. All I'm asking is for you to try."

She stood up. He moved with her. Their hands staying locked in place. She went on her tip toes and kissed him. "I love you."

****

Tony stared down into her eyes and knew he'd fallen for the rest of his life. She looked back at him with so much trust he knew how much she wanted him. Her hand on his c**k provided too much of a distraction for him. Unable to contain himself, he moved his hand and brushed the plates off the table. He lifted her onto the flat surface, opened her legs, sank his fingers into her hair and devoured her mouth. He took her little moans, pushing her down.

He pressed his c**k against her pu**y and growled in frustration. Rubbing against her wouldn't give him what he wanted.

"I've got to have you," he said, the fight leaving him. Opal had come to mean more to him than anything else. Strange, considering he hadn't even begun to realise the effect her presence had on him. From the time he'd been down to the church garden and witnessed her tears, he'd been gone. Opal tore him up in all kinds of weird ways. She made him angry, happy, and so damned jealous that it scared the shit out of him.

Easing off her, he knew he had to stop or he'd take her on the table. She was trusting him to be gentle, or to try and give her a good first time. If it was the only good thing he did, he would make sure she would remember the loss of her virginity with a smile on her face.

"I'm scared," she said. He helped her off the table and curled a lock of her hair behind her ear.

"Don't be." He took her hand and led her up the stairs through to their room. For the past three nights he'd had her in his arms. Tonight he would make her world come apart with pleasure.

The lighting was turned down. The bed suddenly looked large and dominating where it stood in the bedroom. Tony turned to her. She looked like a deer caught in the headlights. Never letting go of her hand, his other went to her waist and brought her close to him. Tony closed his eyes as her scent invaded him once more. The distinct floral scent he'd come to associate with her. In that moment he thought he'd gone to heaven. With Opal in his arms he felt he could take on the world.

"I don't know what to do."

"That's okay, baby. You've got me." Her trembling hands circled his waist. A smile broke across his lips as he began to dance with her. No music played. He let the beat of their bodies make their own rhythm. She laid her head on his chest. He opened his eyes to see the way she looked in one of the mirrors. Her blond hair fell down her back in a mass wave. The dress she wore went to her knee. The shade of green looked good on her.

"Do you want this, Opal?" he asked.

"Yes."

Taking a fist-full of her hair, he pulled to bring her gaze back to his. He didn't speak. Words were not necessary. Leaning down, he brushed her lips with his. Loving her mouth, her cheek and collarbone. Round he went to her back. She made to move, but he stopped her. Catching the zipper of her dress he pulled it down.

"Please, turn out the light," she asked. "I don't feel comfortable with the light on."

"Does this have something to do with your body issues?" Richard had told him about the cruelty of her peers. He'd never found a single problem with her body. In his personal opinion, he thought she looked stunning since putting on the weight. He knew her parents used to make her diet, and at the wedding he'd seen the effect on her body.

"Please just let me turn off the light." She made to move out of his arms.

"No," he said. With a hand around her waist, he moved her in front of the mirror. She turned her head away. "Look at yourself."

"I don't want to."

"Don't be childish." Tony got the desired response. She opened her eyes and glared at him. "Trust me," he said.

Biting her lip, he moved the straps of her dress down her shoulders, revealing creamy flesh. He knew she'd sunburn easily on a hot day.

A small tug, he pulled the bodice away from her tits and let the dress fall to her waist. Unlike the stomachs on most women he'd seen who had a large indent where their tummy should be, Opal had a nice rounded waist. He touched a hand to her stomach and watched as she sucked her belly in.

Slowly, he pulled the rest of her dress down past her h*ps until it fell to the floor around her ankles. She wore a white lace bra with a pair of matching panties.

"You don't wear thongs?" he asked.

"I don't like them."

"I'd rather you didn't wear anything and went bare for me."

Her legs were fuller, and there wasn't a large gap between. When he looked at her, he saw a full woman who could take his passions. She looked gorgeous to him.

Not bothering with the mirror, he turned her to face him. "I want you."

"You're just saying that because you're my husband."

He felt like he'd been punched in the gut. Taking her hand, he pressed it against his stiff cock.

"Does this feel like I'm only just saying it?" The animal inside him was threatening to break free. To take over and control the situation. "You make my c**k hard, and every time I see you, I want to f**k you."

She gasped. He loved hearing the sound.

Her hands squeezed along his thick shaft, and he moaned. Pulling the shirt over his head, he took her hand away from his groin. "If you keep exploring me like that, I'm going to explode."

"Please, Tony. I want you."

He picked her up in his arms and laid her on his bed. Lying down next to her, he kissed her on the lips. He pressed one of her hands onto his chest. Her head lay on one of his arms. With the other, he pushed it beneath her back searching for the clip to her bra.

With a small amount of manoeuvring he took the bra away from her body. Her tits spilled out. His mouth watered. Her ni**les weren't small like he imagined but big and beautiful. The bra must have been one which tightened everything up because she looked far bigger without it.

He cupped a mound. Her eyes closed as a moan escaped from her lips. Smiling, he bent down and captured the nipple between his teeth. He nibbled and sucked the tip. She screamed, the sound echoing off the walls of his room.

"Look at me," he said, his fingers replacing his lips. When she opened her eyes, he smiled down at her.

"I've never been with anyone else," she said.

"I know." He laid a kiss on her lips as his hand moved down her body. He rested on her hip, not being invasive. Tony wanted her first time to be memorable, and he didn't want to hurt her.

Her hands roamed his chest, moving up to his face where she held him in place.

Tony kissed her once more on the lips and moved down her body. He licked her ni**les, swirling his tongue around the tip before moving down. Taking hold of her panties, he pulled them off her hips, down her legs and threw them across the floor.

Tony stared at the apex of her thighs. His mouth watered. She was a natural blond. He'd known it, but seeing the evidence made his c**k harden to unbearable pains. His hands lay across her legs on top of her thighs. He opened her legs and stared down at her wet creamy slit.

She looked perfect to him. Licking his lips, he opened her pu**y lips. He saw the evidence of her arousal. Her swollen nub.

"Close your eyes for me, Petal." He waited until her eyes closed. Tony ran his tongue up her slit, circling her clit.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Relax, close your eyes, and enjoy," he said.

"I don't want to close my eyes. I want to watch you."

Tony smiled. "Then watch what I do to you."

He silenced her with his tongue flicking her clit. She cried out, her body shaking. Tony licked her cream away, enjoying her own unique taste and taking more. He wanted her screaming out as he licked away her cum. Pressing two fingers against her entrance, he didn't penetrate her body. He circled them around adding a small amount of pressure before moving away.

With her inexperience, it didn't take her long to let go. He concentrated on her clit, flicking his tongue over the one spot.

She screamed out, and he rode the wave with her, holding her body down as she took her pleasure. Only when she begged him to let up, did he stop. As she came down, he removed the rest of his clothes. Moving her up the bed, he opened her legs and settled between them.

"Look at me, Opal." She opened her eyes. He gazed down and knew she meant the world to him. He couldn't find the right words to express how he felt. Telling her he loved her didn't feel strong enough for the way he felt.

Taking hold of his cock, he pressed against her entrance. He knew she would feel some pain, and he felt like a total bastard for being the one who had to give her any kind of pain.

He stared into her eyes and pushed his h*ps forward tearing through her virgin barrier and making her his. In his heart, he knew, as he pierced that one part of her which kept her from him that she would be his for the rest of his life. No other man would be allowed to touch her. Opal was his, forever.

She cried out, her nails sinking into the flesh of his arm. Tears spilled from her eyes. He pulled out of his body and pushed back in.

"Stop, please," she begged.

Tony closed his eyes. The pleasure was so incredible, her cunt unbearably tight. For her, he would stop for her.

"Do you want me to pull out?" he asked.

"No. Just give me time. I don't want you to stop, but it hurts a little."

"I'll give you everything, Petal."

He cupped her breast, his fingers caressing the tight aroused nipple. Ripples from her pu**y wrapped around his cock. He bit down on the inside of his mouth to keep himself from pushing forward and ignoring her pleas.

"That feels nice," she said on a moan. Replacing his fingers with his lips, he sucked her nipple into his mouth. She cried out, and Tony stopped and let out a curse.

"You're too tight, Petal. I can't control myself. I need to get out." Tony made to pull out. Her hands on his ass stopped him. She pulled him deeper. "It's starting to feel nice," she said.

He was sweating and shaking from the control he tried to keep. She didn't have any idea how close he was to taking hold of her hands and f**king her hard and fast.

Instead of pulling out, he moved closer, making little rocking motions with his hips, getting her used to the length and width of his cock.

Reaching down between them, he fingered her clit. He wouldn't hold on much longer. The desire to spurt his seed inside her was getting stronger by the second. He felt like a dog marking his territory. For a split second he thought about letting his seed go inside her and making a baby. Then she wouldn't be able to leave him. She'd be carrying his child, and no way would she allow her child to grow up without a father.

He threw the thought away. No way could he force a child on Opal. When they wanted one together, then he would be more than happy to give her what she wanted.

"More," she said.

Tony picked up his pace. Pulling out and pushing back in, the action, slow so she didn't become uncomfortable.

"Tony, I won't break."

With a quick glance at her, he saw the need written on her face. She wanted this as much as he did.

Grabbing a pillow, he placed it under her butt. He put both of his hands on her h*ps and began to thrust inside her.

He pulled out and plunged back in. Her cream coated his dick, and every time he looked down he saw the evidence of her arousal shining all around his shaft. Tony lost himself inside her body. The pleasure of being inside her was more than he could have ever imagined. When he looked down at her and saw the love she had for him in her eyes, he almost came undone. He wanted so much to tell her he felt the same way, but he held himself back, afraid. Afraid in case she would come to realise how wrong they were for each other. In case she got up and left him. He would be safer to never tell her how he felt. To always keep himself locked up.

"I love you, Tony," she said.

Using his fingers, he brought her to another release seconds before he slammed inside her, his seed bursting out of his cock. At the last minute, he pulled out. If he got her pregnant, it would be at her say-so.

Fisting his shaft, he watched his white, creamy seed coat her stomach. Tony collapsed beside her, sated and happy.

Chapter Eleven

If the fates swooped down and took her, she would be more than happy to go with them. She'd never felt so relaxed and happy. Tony lay at her side, an arm across her waist. Her stomach was wet from his release. She didn't know why he'd pulled out at the last minute. Opal looked up at the ceiling.

I'm no longer a virgin.

She had given herself to her husband.

"Stay here," he said. Tony kissed her on the lips. Then he got out of the bed and left the room. She heard the door to the bathroom opening. He came back with a wash cloth.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I've never been with a virgin before, but I know about what needs to happen." He opened her legs. Opal looked down and saw a small smattering of blood.

Embarrassed, she tried to close her legs.

"Don't hide from me, Petal. I want to do this."

"You don't have to. I can go to the bathroom and take a quick shower."

"No. You gave me the gift of your virginity. I'm going to complete it the way I should have done on our wedding night," he said. He opened her legs, and he pressed the cool damp wash cloth against her sore flesh. The moment the cold hit her, she winced, becoming aware of the niggle of pain. "Are you all right?" he asked.

"Yes. I guess I shouldn't have told you I wouldn't break," she said.

He smiled. She let him clean her, rather liking the extra attention she was getting. "I love you," she said again.

She knew he wouldn't say it. Even after everything they'd shared, he wouldn't bring himself to say the words.

Could he love a girl like you?

Biting her lip, she lay back on the pillows as the insecurities she'd tried for so long to keep at bay began to make their presence known. She would never be a beauty like Rita Brooke.

He left again. While he went, she reached for a gown suddenly feeling exposed.

"Don't put it on," he said the moment he entered the room.

"Why?"

"I want to hold you."

Tony took the gown from her fingers and helped her back into bed.

She lay down. His hands wrapped round her waist as he dragged her across the bed. Staring into the darkness, she couldn't figure out why she felt so alone. She'd given herself to her husband, had felt closer to him than any other time in her life. Why did she feel ... so ... empty?

He kissed her neck. "Thank you for giving yourself to me," he said.

There was no point responding. She loved him and would give him anything. Losing her virginity to him had already been a foregone conclusion to her. She felt him fall asleep while she stared at nothing until the sun came up.

****

Tony woke to an empty bed and the sound of plates moving. The sun shone onto his body. He moaned when he saw the time was before seven in the morning.

Not bothering with clothes, he walked down the stairs. Opal was on her knees picking up the mess he'd made last night.

He took the time to admire her. She didn't know he was watching, and he was free to take in every delightful curve of her body. The gown with the light did nothing to hide her body. He sent a thank you to the women who'd made such an exquisite gown. She moved, and his gaze was held captive by the sway of her full ass.

Last night came to him, in a rush of blissful memories. The tightness of her cunt and the sweetness of her smile.

"Hello, beautiful," he said.

She froze and turned to him. "I didn't hear you get up."

"Well, you were being so quiet I thought I might join you."

"I'm sorry," she said. Her words stopped as he walked down the stairs. "Don't you want to wear some clothes?"

"Why?" He walked over to her, cupped her h*ps and bought her against his body. Her large tits pressed to his chest. "I'm in privacy with my wife. On our delayed honeymoon. I don't see the need for clothes." As he spoke he untied the sash of her robe. He pushed it off her shoulders and watched as it fell to the floor. "This is how I want to see you." He weighed her br**sts in his hands. "Naked, ready and waiting for me." Tony kissed a path from her lips down to her collarbone. He took a nipple between his lips and sucked.

Opal moaned. The sound was like heaven for him to hear first thing in the morning. "Are you sore?" he asked.

"No," she said.

"Good." He wouldn't make it up to the bedroom. Tony lifted her up against the nearest wall. "I need you now." Opal wrapped her legs around his waist as he took his throbbing c**k and pushed inside her body.

"You're still so tight," he growled. However, she was dripping wet, and he used her juice to lubricate his c**k and slide back inside her. Her hands held him, and he never wanted her to let go. He would be more than content to end his days with Opal in his arms. "That's it. Hold onto me."

He moved in and out of her, building up the pleasure. "Touch yourself."

Tony used one of his hands to grab her hand. He sucked her fingers, then pressed them to her clit. "I want to feel your cum around my dick."

Her eyes glazed over within minutes. Tony made sure to bump her hand against her clitoris to give her more stimulation. Usually he could go on for hours, pumping and grinding. With Opal he couldn't last two minutes. He held on as he felt her scream out. Her cunt tightened around him, and he felt the rush of her release over his shaft.

He pummelled inside her burying his face in her neck as his cl**ax burst out of him. This time he didn't think to pull away. He let the need to make her his wash over him.

"Will it always be like this?" she asked as he put her on the floor. His heart was pounding, and his arms ached from holding her up.

"I've never felt this way with another woman," he said.

"Really?"

Tony glanced up. He saw she didn't believe him, and he chuckled at the absurdity of her not believing him. "I swear, I've never felt like this with anyone."

"But you've been with other women."

"They're not you, Petal."

She smiled, and he felt his whole world turn on its axis.

"Why do you call me 'Petal'?" she asked.

Now he felt like a love-sick wimp. He ran his fingers through his hair. "Do you want to know?"

"I wouldn't have asked if I didn't."

"Because a petal is on every flower, and every flower reminds me of you. Everywhere I go, I'll never forget you," he said. To his own ears it sounded corny. The truth was he'd seen her wearing flowers in her hair, much like on that blasted wedding day, and for the first time in his life he'd seen something good and pure. Opal was his one salvation. The one whom he knew would never hurt another person.

"That's really sweet. I've been called many things but never something that reminded them of a flower."

He smiled. "Petals are beautiful, and the main reason people pick a flower is based on the beauty of the petals. You're beautiful to me. Always have been and always will be."

Chapter Twelve

The days wore on and turned into weeks. Opal had never been so happy before. Tony was attentive but not overbearing, which probably had something to do with the fact he had her to himself.

They made love at every opportunity. In bed, on the floor, on the pool table that made her blush every time she saw it. She couldn't get enough of being with him. When they got back home she would find him a ring, so she knew he wore her band of ownership. As their time progressed at the resort, he opened up about his past. The way he felt about his parents. What he wanted to achieve. He wanted children and to have a future. She wasn't ready for children. Opal wanted the time to enjoy being a wife before she became a mother.

The weeks went by, and Tony was spending more time on his laptop and the phone. She knew he needed to leave, but she didn't want their time to end. Being alone with him without women from his past or her brother and parents stepping in had really given them a shot.

She felt she could be a good wife to him and provide him with everything he needed. When she woke up on one Friday morning, she heard him shouting down the phone. She ignored what he was saying and went to the indoor pool.

She tested the water before walking in. If it was cold she'd go and read one of her many salacious books. She smiled as she recalled Tony reading one of the passages from her book and copying everything that was written on her body. Her reading material had come in handy for something. The water felt right, and she placed her towel on the side and slowly climbed in. At first she walked the width of the pool rather than the length, getting used walking through the water. After a time she lay back and floated on the surface, but the sound of Tony shouting invaded her peace.

Opal closed her eyes and swam from one end of the pool to another. Their time at the resort was coming to a close. She knew he needed to get back to work. Richard would love to make sure she survived the event intact.

She would like to stay in their own little world they'd created forever. Unfortunately, she missed Scarlet and would like to see how her nieces and nephews were doing. At least that was the excuse she gave herself. She'd rather quit the world and stay at the resort. While they were there Tony wouldn't leave her.

A shadow passed over her. She opened her eyes and saw Tony leaning over the side of the pool.

"Hello, Petal. I see you're wearing one of the costumes I bought you."

"Yes. I love it. Are you still working?" she asked.

"The plague of being a business man. I'm always working."

"Something sounded urgent," she said.

"Everything is urgent when you're away. People make mistakes, which is why I'm always needed at work."

Opal moved so she stood standing at the pool edge. "Now you're not," she said. She caught him by the shirt and pulled him into the pool with a giggle.

He laughed as he came up for air. "You little minx."

She screamed and swam away. He pulled his shirt over his head and threw it to the pool. "So we're playing that game?" Her hands went behind her back, and she unhooked her bra, letting it fall into the bottom of the pool.

With his attention on her, she did a quick jump, flashing him her br**sts before swimming away.

It didn't take long for him to catch her. Opal was in a fit of giggles as he pressed her against the side of the pool. "You're going to be the death of me," he said.

"You are older than me, so it makes sense for you not to keep up."

"When did you become a tease?"

"Right around the time my husband made me his."

He slammed his lips down on hers, the passion inside him igniting a flame. The only way for it to burn out was to let it burn brighter. She moaned, wrapped her hands around his neck, and kissed him back with the same amount of pent up lust.

She never knew how amazing it could be. His hands went to her bikini panties in the water. He pulled, and the fabric sank to the bottom. She tore at his trousers. Together they removed the few scraps of clothing on their bodies.

Tony lifted her and sank deep inside her in one smooth quick thrust. They didn't wait for each other. Both sought for their release.

Opal knew this would be the final time they were together. This was good-bye. But she refused to let it be the last. Tony was hers, and she would do everything to keep him. She loved him more than she ever thought possible.

They cried out together as the dam between them blew, as the world came back into focus. Their breathing heavy, Tony leaned down and whispered in her ear. "We've got to go back home."

Chapter Thirteen

They'd been home a grand total of a week, and already their life had changed. Something at work meant Tony spent most of his days and nights at work. When he got home he locked himself in the study. When they returned, he'd spent enough time to tell her she'd be living with him permanently. She tried not to think about the nights when he didn't come home. The press were having a field day at hinting about his getting back together with the model.

For the most part she ignored what they had to say. Nothing good ever came from listening to idle gossip. He still wouldn't listen to her reasons for getting a job. She was going crazy being cooped up in his apartment, which was nothing more than a fancy hotel room. She needed to get out and do something with her time.

One night, she heard him get home and head straight to his study. She got out of bed and went to the kitchen. Taking down a cup, she made him a drink. The idea sounded stupid to her. She needed to see him, to talk to him and assure herself he was okay.

She didn't knock on the door. Opening and closing the door quietly, she walked over to his desk. She placed the cup on the coaster and waited. He looked tired and worn. She wondered if he missed being with her.

"What do you want, Opal?" he asked. She watched as he began typing on his computer, a frown marring his face.

"I thought you'd like a cup of tea." The truth was she'd woken up alone in bed and didn't know what to do with her time. Most of her life she'd been instructed on her day to day life, and now she had to make her own decisions. Fighting the life of her parents was still as hard as if she was living with them. Opal placed the cup down at the desk and waited.

He stopped typing and stared at her. "What's wrong?"

"I don't know what to do."

Tony stared at her as if she'd grown three heads.

"I've never been a wife before. I don't know what to do." Admitting her faults made her take a deep breath. He knew about her weakness.

He took one quick glance at his computer, sighed and pushed it farther past his desk. "I've been neglecting you," he said.

"Just a little."

Tony pulled her in front of him, her ass leaning on the edge of the desk. He loosened the sash of her robe, exposing the sheer gown she'd worn for bed. "You look good enough to eat," he said. She watched as he rested his head on her stomach. The touch wasn't sexual, yet to her it felt intimate.

"Is work getting really bad?" she asked.

"I don't beg anyone for anything," he said.

"Huh?"

"This new take-over bid wants me to get on my knees and beg for his company. I refuse to beg for anything in this world. They either beg for me or at least come to me willingly," he said.

His hand began stroking the inside of her thigh. "Your brother came to see me today."

"Yes." How could she concentrate on a conversation when he was working havoc with her sense? "What did he say?"

"Asked about you. About us."

"What did you tell him?"

"That we're working things out."

She breathed a sigh of relief. Richard could be a little dominating sometimes. She felt sorry for Scarlet.

He reached under her nighty and stroked her pu**y. She gasped as he ran his fingers through her slit. The moment he'd started to touch her, she'd begun to get aroused. He only needed to be close by for her body to respond to his touch.

"I want you, Petal."

"Then have me."

She yelped as he placed her on the desk.

"I've missed you," he said as he pushed her gown up to her waist. She rarely wore underwear to bed, and she was bare for him to see. Opal leaned on her elbows watching him as he played with her pubic hair, opening her outer lips to reveal her slit.

"Tell me to lick your pu**y," he said.

Opal blushed. She'd never asked anything like that from him.

"Please, I want to hear you ask me. I need to hear you ask me."

Licking her lips, she glanced into his eyes. She saw his need reflected back at her. There was nothing he could ask that she wouldn't do. "Lick my pu**y, please."

The words felt good and liberating. As if she'd passed a huge hurdle in her life.

"Your wish is my command." He opened her wide and tongued her clit. She moaned as the sensation went through her whole body. He pierced her with his fingers as his tongue danced along her slit. Opal cried out, her hands gripping the edge of the desk for support. Her mind went blank to everything but the pleasure he created with his fingers, mouth and tongue.

She closed her eyes, flung her head back as the ecstasy thrilled through her. Her cries echoed off the walls, and Tony lapped her up. She heard the sounds as he drank her down.

"You taste so f**king sweet," he said.

As always he brought her down from the high slowly. Every point sensitive. Her br**sts ached, and her legs throbbed from the position. What had seemed like seconds to her had taken up so much time.

"I could do that to you all night." He stood, unbuttoning his jeans. They'd been together for a while, and she was shocked with the fact she hadn't seen his cock. Tony spent the time to explore her body, while his remained a mystery to her.

When he went to open her legs, she stopped him. A thought appeared in her mind.

"Wait, I want to kiss you like you do me," she said.

"What?"

"You touch and kiss my pu**y. I want to touch and kiss your cock."

He hissed, his eyes seeming to darken from her words. "You want to suck my dick?" The harsh words affected her body. She couldn't stop the way she responded to how he spoke.

"Yes. I want to suck your dick," she said. Opal pushed on his chest until he sat back in his chair. She'd never done anything so daring before. Slipping off the desk and onto her knees, she stared at his long, thick prick sticking up to attention.

His shaft fascinated her. She reached out her fingers to grasp him. He was smooth to the touch but hard at the same time. The difference in the strength and feel of him amazed her. She pulled back the foreskin and saw the tip of his cock, wet.

"What's this?" she asked.

"My cum."

"Like mine?"

He nodded his head. Smiling, she licked along the tip where the small slit was weeping. She moaned as his taste touched her tongue. He tasted salty. Nothing disgusting, but uniquely Tony.

"Fuck. That feels good."

She bobbed her head on the shaft relishing the moans and curses coming out of him. His hands held onto the handles of his chair. Several times she noted he went to touch her head, then stopped.

"Touch me," she said. "I won't break. I want you to enjoy what I'm doing to you the way I enjoy what you do to me."

His guttural moan delighted her. Tony grabbed a fistful of her hair and began to set a pace for her to suck him.

"Touch my balls."

Opal let go of one of his legs to cup the tight sack under his cock. He jerked in her mouth. She played with them, cupping them in her hand, testing the weight. The pace picked up as Tony grew closer to the limit. Saliva coated his c**k as he hit the back of her throat. She relaxed her mouth. Allowed him to have his way with her. His c**k pulsed and thickened at the back of her throat.

"Fuck. Baby, I'm going to come. If you don't want to swallow tap me to stop me."

She'd never tasted all of his cum. When she found her release, he accepted her without complaint. She wanted to give him this.

He cried out as his seed hit the back of her throat. Opal didn't have time to think about what to do. Her instincts took over. She swallowed down his spunk and moaned. He looked happy and relaxed. Inside she danced for joy. She'd given him something that no one could take away from her.

Once the pulses subsided, she lifted off his shaft, resting her head on his leg.

"Come on, Petal. Let's go to bed." Tony lifted her in his arms as he carried her to bed. He held her through the whole night. Opal enjoyed the feel of his arms around her. Nothing could change the way she felt about him. Nothing.

Chapter Fourteen

Tony couldn't believe how happy he was. Life with Opal was amazing. He knew it wouldn't be long until he told her he loved her. Smiling to himself he signed off on a few contracts. It never ceased to amaze him how his friends thought he was a happy-go-lucky kind of chap who did what he wanted, when in fact he was a businessman through and through.

"Sir, your father is here to see you," his secretary said over the intercom. He paused in signing his name. His father very rarely came to see him.

"Send him in." Whatever his old man had to say couldn't be good. Tony wanted to throw the bastard out. Seeing him would only highlight how unsuitable he was for Opal. Opal, his sweet loving wife. She gave him the world, and she didn't see it. She never saw how important she was to him.

Seconds later, his dad opened the door as he entered his office. Tony stayed seated. Greeting him would only make the bastard think he wanted him here.

The man in question looked like shit. The usually pristine Mr Hunt looked a mess. His suit was crinkled, and the hair which usually stayed a dark shade of brown was covered with greys.

"Hello, Son."

Tony stared at the man he'd come to despise. Why hadn't he gone to the police when he had the chance? For over eighteen years he had taken the beatings this man dished out. Why?

"What, no greeting for your old man?"

"You stopped being my old man a long time ago."

Tony's hands shook from the rage building inside him. The only thing keeping him in check was the picture of Opal on his desk. The one bright spark within his office. She smiled back at him. While he thought of that smile, he didn't see the satisfaction he would gain from wiping this man off the face of the earth.

"Please. Are you going to be a f**king pity party? I taught you how to be a man."

"Taught me how to be a man? You beat me to a bloody pulp, and I watched as you broke my mother," Tony said.

"Women need to learn their place. They either look the part or get the punishment until they do. Speaking of which, what are you going to do about Opal?"

His defences went up. "What?"

"I've seen your wife. She'd not exactly up to our standards. Too fat. The blonde hair gives her some points, but the weight has got to go. She's a Hunt now."

Was this the type of talk Opal had to live with? He liked her the way she was. When they made love, he put his hands on her h*ps or stomach, and he felt the woman in his hands.

"Don't you go near my wife."

His father chuckled. "Women need a firm hand."

"Opal is not your business, and I think it would be best if you get out of my office and don't come back."

"I'm your father."

"You're a wife beater, and if you touch my mum again, I'll f**king destroy you."

Tony waited as his father paled. "You don't need to be dishing threats out. Your mother left me. Filed for divorce. I'm a free man." His dad left the office, but the damage had already been done. The monster Tony kept so hard to keep down was itching to break free.

****

When Opal greeted her husband she knew something had changed. No smiles or kisses. The teasing had come to an end. The Tony she'd known the past few weeks had gone, and in his place stood a stranger.

"What's wrong?" she asked. He looked like a caged animal ready to pounce at any moment.

"You're not ready to know what's wrong with me, Opal," he said. Tony paced the room. She didn't know what to do. He'd come back from work in a foul mood. "I've had a bad day at work."

"Do you want me to help?" she asked.

"You don't know what you're asking for." Tony stopped and glared at her.

"Then tell me, and I'll see if I can do it," she said. Maybe he wanted a foot massage or a nice dinner cooked.

"I want to f**k and not care."

She stopped, not having expected the answer she got. "What?"

"You heard me. I want you on your knees with that sweet ass in the air. I want to sink my c**k so deep inside you and f**k you hard."

Her body tightened at the image. She licked her lips. "Then do it."

"What?"

"You heard me. If that's what you need, then do it."

He stared at her a few seconds as if she'd lost her mind. "Strip."

Opal worked the buttons on her blouse, then pulled it off her shoulders, followed by her bra and panties. When she looked up, Tony was already naked, and he stood watching her, one of his hands wanking his cock.

"You see what you do to me?" he said. She couldn't take her gaze away from the beauty of his erection. The way he got hard whenever she was around, delighted her. "Come here, and get on your knees with your ass in the air."

Opal did as he told her. She walked over to him and went down on her knees. Her head rested on her arm on the floor. She heard some movement and knew he'd gotten down on his knees as well.

"You look so open and ready for me. Are you wet, Petal?" He ran a finger down her slit. She let out a moan as he pressed a finger inside her cunt. "You're still so f**king tight. I'll never get tired of sinking my c**k inside your tight pu**y." He added a second finger. Suddenly, he brought his fingers between her ass cheeks. She yelped as he pressed a single digit against her ass.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes."

"Then relax and let me please you."

Taking a breath, she rested her head back on her hands. His hands landed hard on her ass. She jumped from the small bite of pain, but it was nothing to scare her.

"I want you, Opal."

"Then have me."

He applied some pressure on her forbidden hole. She bit her lip as she felt full. His finger slid in past her ass. Opal released the breath she hadn't known she was holding. "I'm not going to f**k you here, Petal."

She released a sigh of relief. The fullness from his finger alone was more than enough for her.

With his finger in her ass, she imagined he grabbed his c**k with his free hand as he began to rub his shaft along her slit. Rubbing the tip against her clit. Opal moaned as her pu**y and ass tightened.

"I'm going to f**k you, Petal." He pushed his c**k inside her and then slammed in the rest of the way. His finger pulled out of her ass as his hands took hold of her lips. Up until that point, Tony had been gentle. Now the way he used her body wasn't gentle. The hands on her h*ps were so tight she knew they'd leave bruises behind. Her body didn't have time to accommodate him, so after the first initial thrust it took her some time to get accustomed to his length inside her. At first she couldn't feel anything but the pain from his penetration. She bit her lip, and with time she was pushing back. Meeting him thrust for thrust. Tony was gone. He flipped her over, holding her ankles as he f**ked her harder and faster. She held on as his pounding took her over the edge. He was relentless in his pursuit. Each push and grind drove her further and further into the abyss.

Opal screamed as her third release swept through her. She didn't have time to catch her breath as he turned her to her side and pounded her.

He went on for ages, and Opal knew he was expelling his demons. Not that she could complain. He brought her to cl**ax a few more times before he collapsed in a heap on the floor.

Chapter Fifteen

The sun was shining down on them, and Opal opened her eyes, frowning. Her back hurt, and as she rolled over she saw she'd slept on the floor. Moaning in pain, she winced as her protesting muscles gave way.

"I'm a f**king animal," he said.

She glanced in the corner to see Tony already dressed. She stared down at her body. Bruises dotted her hips, stomach and legs. Her br**sts were tender, and her head hurt.

"What?" Last night had been intense, but she didn't regret what happened.

"I lose control, and this is what I do to you. I didn't even get you ready before I was f**king your cunt."

"Tony. I don't understand."

"You married a monster. The only thing I did last night was rape you. I should be hung and shot for what I did."

"Tony. You didn't rape me. I came to you willingly."

He walked over, took hold of her arm and marched her to the mirror. "Tony, don't." She cried as he held her in front of the mirror for her to see the damage he'd caused.

"Look at the bruises and your ... your legs."

There were a few spots of blood on her thighs. Opal stared into his eyes. He looked hysterical.

"Tony, this doesn't matter. I'm fine."

"You're fine. You're struggling to walk. This is why I never should have married you. I should have told you to marry that f**ker. You'd have been better off with him than with me."

"Don't say that. I love you. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else but with you."

"Shut up, Opal. I'm a monster, and if you stay with me this is only going to get worse. Fuck, Richard was right. I should have let you go."

Tears poured down her face as her throat burned. Her heart felt like it was being ripped in two. Tony stormed away. She stared one last time at her reflection. During their love-making she hadn't thought about what he'd think. This was a nightmare. She'd been there for him, and this was how he repaid her?

Taking hold of the robe, she wrapped it round her body. As she took a step, she realized Tony wasn't wrong; her body protested. She bit down on her teeth. Tony was grabbing his coat when she walked back into the sitting room.

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"Far away from you. You'll get your divorce, and you'll be free of me."

"I don't want to be free of you."

"Tough. Because I swear to God, Opal, I would rather see you happy with another man than be tied to a man who could rape you and enjoy it."

He stormed out of the house.

"You didn't f**king rape me," she screamed out at the empty room before slumping to the floor. She cried out for the man who hours ago had been all hers.

****

Tony felt the bile rising up in his throat. He grabbed his car and drove, breaking every speed limit he could find. The picture of Opal, bruised and in pain was driving him crazy. He'd been the one to cause that. When she'd come to him, he should have pushed her away. His hands tightened on the wheel as he raced his car. She deserved better.

After an hour spent driving, he stopped off at a liquor store and bought their strongest whiskey. He needed to get her out of his mind. The store owner frowned at him but gave him the alcohol. The only way he knew to drown his sorrows was at the bottom of every bottle he drank. The receptionist at the hotel he'd bought was baffled when she gave him a key card. Tony ignored her and went to the elevator. The moment he walked into his suite, he went straight to the drinks cabinet.

He didn't read the label. Every bottle he tipped back and emptied the contents into his mouth. The numbing didn't happen until he was on the second full bottle of scotch. Opening his wallet he took the picture out of Opal.

As always, he'd been a bastard, and she didn't deserve it.

The hours wore on until night fell. No one would know where he was other than the hotel. He wondered how his wife was doing.

Staring down at the emptiness of the bottle he suddenly felt the emptiness of his life. The only good part about him was Opal. His petal. His flower. The tears he kept inside fell from his eyes. He was silent in his grief.

He thought about the divorce papers landing on his desk. Opal out of his life would be the biggest mistake he ever made. Standing up, he stared into the mirror. When he looked at his reflection, he saw the wonder in Opal's eyes as he took her virginity. The way she laughed when he teased her.

Biting his lip, he saw the way she said the words "I love you". The one person who meant the world to him, besides his friends, was the one person he'd treated like shit.

Flipping open his phone, he called a boutique. Once the alcohol had worn off he'd go and beg her to forgive him. He would never manhandle her again. When the call finished even in his drunken haze he saw the mess. Forgetting about the clean up, he removed his clothes as he got into bed. He wanted Opal. Claiming her and shouting it to the rooftops was what she deserved. He smiled as he thought about her surprise when she got it tomorrow. Nothing could go wrong. He was Tony Hunt, and Tony Hunt was one hundred percent in love with his wife.

Chapter Sixteen

She was on the verge of calling a search party when the delivery came. The man on the doorstep wouldn't leave until she read the card.

I'm an ass**le, but I love you. Please, forgive me. T x

Opal smiled as she read the card with the white roses once again. Tony was turning out to be a true romantic, and she overlooked the ass**le part. She placed the flowers in a vase. He'd been working hard just recently. Spending more time at the office over some new take-over bid or something. She didn't know everything about his work, but it could explain the reason he had gone off the deep end the day before.

Changing out of her house clothes, she picked a floral pink dress with no underwear. He loved it when she did what he liked. She guessed most men enjoyed it. Taking the directions to where he was staying from the card he had sent, she called a cab.

The drive was a short one. She'd been up early for the delivery at seven. Rubbing her hands together, her heart rate increased as she saw the sign for the hotel he'd told her to go to. She thanked the driver, paying him a tip before she got out.

The man at the hotel desk smiled at her. She took the key card then went over to the elevator.

"Penthouse suite, please."

The bell pinged, and they were travelling up the lift. Opal smiled and brushed a lock of her hair out of the way. Tony had asked for her to leave it long.

"Are you sure you want to stop here, Miss?" the man asked.

"Yes. Thank you for your time." She tipped him and went through. She pressed the key card through the door. Opal knew in her heart she should be angry from his outburst the night before. How could she be mad at the man she'd been in love with half her life? What had started out as a school-girl crush had quickly developed into the all consuming love she felt for him now.

The door opened. She walked inside, closed the door. When she turned to view the room, she was shocked by what she found. Small liquor bottles covered every surface. The entire sitting area was a mess. He must have been upset from the way he'd treated her.

Licking her lips, she picked up the nearest bin and began filling it with the empty shot glasses. Some snacks had been thrown around. The files he'd once shown her about his possessive side were littered everywhere. These were the documents where updates were made on her whereabouts. He'd always been there in the background looking out for her.

Opal came to a stop when she saw his clothes leading out of the room. What made her heart stop were the other clothes mingled with his.

The last time she checked, Tony didn't have a thong fetish. Still in her coat, she moved closer to the room where the clothes ended.

She stood outside the white panel door, her heart practically beating out of her chest, the nerves making her hand shake. She reached out and pushed the door open. The quality of the hotel meant no noise was made from her opening the barrier.

Frozen still, she glanced at the bed and died on the spot.

Every loving word meant nothing when she saw who lay on the bed. Were the card and the flowers a sick joke?

Tony lay in the bed, and so, too, did Rita Brooke. The woman he'd been seeing before her. The model who was everything she was not. His arm lay on the woman's breast. His knee between her legs. They looked happy in sleep.

A cry broke from her lips. Tony moaned.

"Opal?"

He moved and looked at her, then at the woman at his side. "Opal, please." He got out of bed walking toward her. She couldn't do it. Her whole world crashed around her. The man she loved was in bed with another woman. He'd gone from her bed to another woman.

She turned and walked away.

His hand on her shoulder stopped her dead. "Opal, please."

"This is the monster you are, Tony? Going from one woman to another?" Opal turned, and before she could contain herself, she raised her hand, slapping him across the face. "You bastard." She pummelled his chest as his betrayal broke her.

What hurt more was he was allowing her to hurt him, which proved he had betrayed her.

"I love you. How could you do this to me? I love you." The tears turned into heart breaking sobs.

"I love you, too," he said. Any other day she would have loved to hear the words. They sounded hollow and meaningless to her now.

"This is more painful than anything you could have done to my body." She stormed out running from him. She didn't wait for the elevator she took the stairs. Tony followed. He'd pulled on a robe and was charging after her.

"Opal. Don't go."

She refused to listen. When she got to the bottom floor, her eyes blurred by the flow of her tears. People stared at her. She didn't care.

"Opal," he shouted, catching everyone's attention.

"I don't want to know," she said.

A taxi was waiting at the bottom. She opened the door but Tony stopped her from getting in. "Don't leave. It's not what it looks like."

"I don't care. I gave you everything, and you've given me nothing. You couldn't even tell me you loved me until seconds ago. It's over, Tony. No more hiding. You did me a favour, and now you're free."

"I don't want to be free. I love you."

"I don't believe you. I'll get Richard to start the divorce proceedings. You won't have to worry about your annulment."

****

Tony watched her get in the car and drive off. The pain he'd seen in her face had killed him inside. He noticed the odd stares, and he walked back to his suite. Rita stood in his shirt, with a smile and a bottle of champagne.

"Thank the Lord she's gone. How about we celebrate getting rid of fatty?" she said.

He saw red. The events of the night before were a little hazy, but he was sure he had gone to bed on his own. He would never break his vow to Opal. The love he felt for her wasn't something that could be broken by a quick f**k.

Walking to where she stood, he took the bottle from her hand and threw it against the wall. Using the force of his body, he pressed her against the wall, putting a hand around her throat. He didn't tighten his hold even though he wanted to.

"I hate violence against women. I would rather f**king kill myself before I hurt a woman, but the way I'm feeling right now, for you, I'd make an exception. What the f**k are you doing here?" he growled.

"Baby, you invited me."

His fist slammed against the wall. "Answer me. The person whom I love more than anything in this world is gone. Answer my question, or I will hurt you." Tony wouldn't have hurt her. But he knew how much she liked to manipulate a situation. He needed to show her the threat. The whole sorry tale was brought out.

Tony hung his head and ordered her out of his hotel room with a warning. By the end of the day, divorce papers had been served to him on the basis of adultery. Opal refused to speak to him. Richard wouldn't help him.

The one person he loved was gone.

Chapter Seventeen

Three months later

After the scene caused at the hotel, their scandal reached new heights. The divorce became a sticky mess as Tony refused to sign the papers. At every opportunity he'd tried to see her.

Opal moved on with her life. She sold the house he'd bought her and found a small apartment in the city. Nothing fancy but something she could afford. Next, she found a job as a receptionist for a small firm. She loved making her own choices, never having to wait for them to be checked through by an adult.

With her life moving forward, she rarely saw her brother and his family. The events would mean Tony was present, and even though she's asked for a divorce she couldn't bear the thought of seeing him. She still loved him, and that would never change.

The rumours about their separation had started to cool down. The paper had another knew scandal to expose.

Even with all the changes, her heart remained empty. She talked with Scarlet all the time. She was the only person Opal trusted with her feelings. Richard kept telling her to talk to his friend.

She couldn't do it. She knew what she'd seen. There was no way she could forgive him for that.

The phone was ringing, and it wouldn't stop or take a hint she didn't want to talk. Checking the time on the clock she saw it was close to two in the morning. The phone stopped, and seconds later, started back up again.

Growling in frustration, she threw the covers back and stormed down the hall.

"What? Don't you know people sleep at this hour?" she asked, running a hand over her face to try to clear the sleep.

"Opal?"

"Richard? What's wrong? Why are you calling me at this hour?" she asked. Her brother went quiet. "Richard? Answer me?"

"I need you to come down to the hospital," he said.

"Why? What's happened?" Her heart rate kicked up.

"It's Scarlet. They don't think she's going to make it." The very reason for her brother even existing was in the hospital.

"Please, get here. I know she'd want you to be here."

"I'll be there right away. Richard, what happened?" she asked.

"I can't talk right now. Please, just come down here. I need you." The phone went dead. Opal didn't take the time to change. She wore a pair of night pajamas and an old t-shirt. A cab was called. She stood outside waiting as soon as it pulled up. The drive took forever. Every second she began to think the worst. Scarlet meant everything to Richard. The woman meant everything to her. The one true friend she had in this world.

"Could you put your foot down or something?" she asked the driver.

"What's the problem?"

"My sister-in-law is in the hospital, and it sounds bad. Please, could you go a little faster?"

He sped up, and for that she was thankful. After a thirty minute drive, she paid him, jumped out of the taxi and ran to the maternity building. White lights flooded her vision. She walked to the main reception, and a nurse offered to take her to the wards she was looking for. Richard, Wayne, Lily and Tony sat in the waiting area of the third floor ward.

"Richard," she said, ignoring Tony as her brother got up. She wrapped her arms around her brother. "Where is she? What happened?"

Richard broke down, the tears streaming down his face. "She's had it difficult this pregnancy. Nothing has gone right. The baby has been underdeveloped, and she's been doing too much."

What he said explained the pinched looks between the couple. "What happened?"

"She went to get some water, but I'd forgotten to pick up one of the kids' toys on my way up to bed. Tripped over that blasted toy and fell down the stairs. I heard her scream." He looked haunted.

"I'm sure everything will be okay," she said.

"There was so much blood."

Opal's tummy dipped. She'd heard so many scary tales about women losing babies from falls.

"They won't let me see her," he said.

"That's because they're doing the best they can. Give them time to care for her, Richard."

"If anything happens to her, I'll never forgive myself."

"Nothing will happen to her," Opal said. The moment she said those words, she looked up to the sky and sent her prayers for mommy and baby to be all right. She took a seat as far away from Tony as she could.

The hours ticked by with no news. Lily and Wayne looked comfortable together. Hugging and kissing. Each concerned but basking in the love they had for each other.

Tony stopped and sat next to her.

She folded her arms and stared straight ahead.

"Opal. You're looking great."

Why did he want to make this harder than it had to be?

"I wanted to talk to you. You sold the house, and I've been trying to reach you. I thought at one stage you'd fallen off the planet."

Biting her lip, she counted in her head. Anything to stop his words from affecting her.

"I love you."

As she turned to say something, the doctor came out. Richard went with him. Tony went silent, and Opal wished she hadn't walked away.

****

Richard looked relieved as he walked out of the hospital room.

"They're going to keep her here for a few days for observation, and she is on strict bed rest. Other than that, everything seems okay."

Opal hugged him, pleased everything would work out fine. Tony kept trying to talk to her, but she refused to listen to a word of it. They could all see Scarlet for a minute. She waited as the men went first to give Richard support. Lily went next, and Richard escorted her in last.

Scarlet lay in a bed hooked up to some monitors. She looked awful, her face pale. "Hey, you," she said.

Opal went and hugged her sister-in-law. "You scared us all."

"I know. It's been a hectic couple of months," Scarlet said. "How are things with you and Tony?"

Opal frowned. "No different than the last time."

"When are you going to open your eyes and see that he loves you?"

Uncomfortable with the way the conversation was going, Opal smiled and wished her well.

"You know he fought your brother at every turn," Scarlet said as Opal was about to leave the room.

"What?"

"For the last two years, Richard has been trying to get Tony to leave you. To let you start a life of your own. He refused. Tony, in his own way, loves you. These past couple of weeks he's looked like death. I've seen him now, and he looks like he could climb Everest - and you're the one responsible for that."

"I don't think this is any of your business, Scarlet. You need to rest."

"Stop being so f**king stubborn. I should know. I was there with your brother. I wouldn't let him in, but look at me now. I'm happy, Opal. Happier than I've ever been in my whole life. You could have that with Tony."

Tears erupted in her eyes. She'd missed him more than anything else. Hearing these words was almost her undoing. "Get some rest," Opal said to the other woman. She walked out of the room, tears falling down her face. She looked up and saw Tony waiting. The others were there, but he was as well.

He stood. She ignored everyone and walked down the hall. She couldn't face him now. Not with what Scarlet had said.

"Opal, wait," he said.

She stopped but didn't turn around. The nurses paused in what they were doing to watch.

"Please, turn around and look at me."

Closing her eyes, she turned on the spot and stared across the small distance. The tears wouldn't stop as she looked at him. She stared at him, and a great ache exploded in her chest. Staring at him opened the flood of memories from her childhood all the way to the present day. She saw him smiling and looking at her. Everything she'd been blind to before was opening up in her mind.

"What do you want, Tony?" she asked.

"I want you."

A burning began in the back of her throat. "I didn't mean that. I meant what do you want from me?" She pointed at her chest.

"What you saw back at the apartment wasn't how it happened," he said, moving closer and ignoring her question. They were becoming a spectacle.

"I know what I saw, and you don't have to explain it to me."

"Yes, I do," he shouted. "You ran before you would even listen to my side of the story. We had a fight. You know which one, and I stormed out and left. I went to the nearest liquor store and bought as much booze as I could. When I got to the apartment, I started on what was there, then moved onto what I bought."

She wanted him to shut up and stop talking.

"As I drank my way down my second whiskey bottle I wanted to phone you. My dad came to see me at my office. I don't want to tell you everything, but that man makes me lose my mind. He came to me and talked to me for about ten minutes if that, and then I go home to you and treat you that way. How could you even look at me afterwards? Losing myself in alcohol wasn't the answer. I looked round at the mess I made and knew I'd made a mistake. I went to bed but knew when I woke in the morning I was coming to get you. I sent you the flowers and the card that night. I went to bed alone. Rita bribed the hotel manager, snuck in, and you know the rest. I wouldn't touch her even if she begged me."

"You don't have to tell me this," she said, a sob catching in her throat. "You told me plenty of times how unsuited we are."

"I never meant a word of it. Please, Opal, I'm begging you to come back to me," he said.

She took a look around at the hospital and shook her head. If she gave in now, what would happen when he broke her heart again? Her life was finally getting back on track. She had a job and a small apartment. Stuff she never imagined she could have.

Shaking her head, she went to turn around.

"Don't," he shouted.

If people weren't watching before they were now.

Opal stared in shock as Tony walked toward her, closing the distance between them. He collapsed onto his knees, tears streaming down his face. He took hold of her hand and begged for her to come back.

"I love you, Opal. More than anything you'll ever know."

"You don't have to do this," she said. The moment he had gone down on his knees she knew all of his declarations of love had been nothing but the truth. Nothing else mattered. It didn't matter about the people watching them or what the outside world thought. Tony Hunt was on his knees begging her to have him back. The man who claimed he would never beg anyone for anything was begging her.

"I have to do this. I have to make you see. I can't go another day without you. I love you, Petal. Always have and always will. You can't get rid of me, please."

His arms wrapped around her waist. She gasped as he kissed her stomach and her hips.

"Please, I'm begging you."

She tried to push his hands away.

"No. I'm not letting you go. I can't."

Opal fought with him until she went to her knees in front of him. She cupped his face in her hands. "No more na**d women in your hotel suite," she said.

"I only ever want you. I love you, Opal. You're my whole world. Please, say something."

Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes. "You've always had me."

Tony grinned, leaned down and kissed her. Cheers and applause erupted from the nurses and their friends.

"I'll never let you go. I love you so much."

"That's good because I won't ever go. I love you, Tony Hunt."

He wrapped his arms around her, and she went to him willingly. Life was too short to give everything up. Scarlet was safe, and Tony was hers.

Epilogue

Five years later

Opal lay in her husband's arms. They'd all decided to celebrate their anniversary by going for a picnic in the local park. Wayne and Lily had brought all four of their children and the bump that was their fifth. Scarlet and Richard brought Harry and the kids. Tony wrapped his arms around her. They had decided to wait for children, taking the time to be together. They both wanted children but had decided to wait. She knew the real reason was because Tony didn't want to share her with a baby. Kids demanded too much of an adult's time. After the way their marriage had started she could understand waiting.

"I would like to propose a toast, to my lovely sister and my crazy-ass friend. You've been married for seven years and still look as happy in love as always." Richard raised his glass.

She smiled as all gave a round of applause and knocked back the alcohol. Tony had an orange drink the same as she did, neither of them drinking alcohol.

"Happy anniversary, baby," he whispered against her ear. She giggled as he nibbled the lobe.

"Get a room. You're mauling my sister in front of my eyes."

"She's my wife."

"I love you," she said.

"I love you." He kissed her head. The five years together hadn't been easy. After the set-back, it had taken them time to get used to the fact neither of them was leaving. They loved each other and wanted to be together.

As with all things, time together had healed old wounds. The press had found a new couple to begin hassling, and she and Tony could simply enjoy their time together. She hated when one of his ex-girlfriends wanted money and would do a kiss and tell for the papers. He would explain everything and swear he loved her. She smiled. After a time, she didn't care. She loved hearing him say the words.

"Let us leave these lovely ladies for a moment," Wayne said.

Tony kissed her on the lips, and she watched him walk across the picnic field.

"What do you think they're going to do?" she asked the other two women.

"Probably talk about how amazing their women are. The crap we take from them. You know I still can't believe I married 'The Beast'," Lily said.

"Speak for yourself, I fell for the guy who talked me into a contract to sleep with me and then ended up married to the guy."

"This is too much information about my brother. I don't want to know."

"Come on, Opal. Spill you story. This is therapeutic."

"Okay, how about this? I can't believe I almost married a jerk when I've been in love with my brother's best friend all of my life. Not only did I end up marrying the man I love, but he started to love me back."

"Honey, you're too smitten with that man. You've got to keep him on his toes," Scarlet said.

They all laughed.

****

"You know they're talking about us?" Richard said.

"Let them. I love my wife and know she'll love me no matter what happens," Wayne said.

Tony smiled at his friends and stared back at his wife. She looked gorgeous with the sunlight streaming down on her, the glorious colour of her hair shining in the light. He glanced down at his wedding band and smiled. She'd finally given him a wedding ring. A token of her affection.

"Can you believe three guys like us managed to get three such amazing women?" Tony asked.

"I never thought married life could be so amazing," Richard said as he, too, looked back at his wife.

"Three men who women were most unlikely to full in love with, married and happy. I'll say we should have a toast." Wayne raised his glass, and the other two men followed suit. "To unlikely love."

"To unlikely love," Richard and Tony said together. They raised their glasses and drank deeply.

The End

