Prologue

The beginning

Paul Steer answered all the questions as David comforted their charge. Sixteen-year-old Anna Myers had no one in the world. Her parents had just wrapped their car around a tree, and there was no way they were coming back. A few hours ago, Paul had been called out of his sleep to come and collect the girl. Mr. and Mrs. Myers had seen fit to put him as her guardian with his brother.

Closing his eyes, he signed paperwork and gathered her stuff.

"People will be in touch to talk about her finances," the officer said.

"We don't need money. Anna will be looked after," he said and went out to the main corridor where she sat. David glanced up as he closed the door.

"How's she doing?" Paul asked.

"I've just found out my parents aren't coming back. How do you think I'm feeling?" Anna asked. Her attitude was back. Her eyes were red and tear-stained.

"Why weren't you in the car with them?" he asked.

"I stayed at home. I'm sixteen and can look after myself. They were going out, and I told them they should go. It's all my fault." The tears came in full force as she began to blame herself. Paul saw it and went down on his knee in front of her chair. He grabbed her chin in a forceful hold and made her look at him.

"You listen to me, Anna. You're not responsible for what happened to your parents, so don't let me hear any more of that crap coming out of your mouth. Do you understand?" he asked.

She nodded, and Paul gave his brother the signal to get her and follow him. The car was in the waiting lot. The night dark, and he was thankful no one else would be here to talk about her. CapeFalls could be a hard place for a young woman to deal with. He opened the car door for David to help her into the back. Paul got in the front and started the engine. Once they were secure he drove the short distance to their house. The Steer house had been in their family for many generations and was passed down to the oldest son. Paul didn't like the house being in his name only and had forced David to put his name on the deeds as well. What worked for his fathers and grandfathers wouldn't necessarily work for him.

The drive only lasted about twenty minutes, and Anna was fast asleep with her head resting in his brother's lap. Paul parked the car and helped David carry her into the house. She was a slight little thing.

They carried her up the flight of stairs to one of the made up rooms. Taking her shoes off her feet they placed her under the blankets. Once she was settled they walked down to the kitchen. After the night they'd had, a drink of strong beer would be the way to settle their nerves.

"We'll have to make all the arrangements for the funeral," David said.

"I've left a message with the funeral home. They'll be in touch tomorrow. In the meantime, Anna needs to continue with her schooling. Nothing should change." Paul took a long pull on his bottle of beer and searched for a snack. He'd put some Chinese food he'd brought in boxes from the supermarket in the oven earlier. Finding some prawn toasts he took the box out and began eating.

"Why did her parents think we can look after her? We're only nine years older than she. I mean, I'm twenty-five. I don't want to have children or look after one," Paul said.

"She's not a kid. We'll care for her."

****

Anna woke up the following morning. The sunshine glowed over her body where the curtains were partially open. She knew she was in the Steer house. Over the years she'd visited their house many times and hung out with David. He was the easier of the brothers to get along with. Even if he wanted her to leave so he could go out and party, he didn't push her away until she was ready to go.

When she went downstairs she found both men in the kitchen. David was flipping pancakes while Paul was reading the paper.

"How are you feeling today?" David asked.

"I'm okay. Just trying to think things through." She would miss her parents, and it wouldn't be the same without them. "What's going to happen with me?"

"What do you mean?" Paul asked as he looked up from his newspaper.

"I know I've not got any close relatives. What happens to me? I'm sixteen. Could I care for myself?"

"You're not going anywhere. Your parents fixed it up, and we'll take care of you until you reach your mature age," Paul said.

David put a plate full of pancakes in front of her. What was it with CapeFalls and pancakes? Every house she went to, they served up pancakes.

"I don't want to put you out," she told them. Picking up a fork she dove in. The syrup was too sweet for her tastes. After a few bites she put the fork down and pushed the plate away.

Her nerves were getting the better of her. She was seated in the kitchen with two of the handsomest men she'd ever seen. There was a nine year age gap, but who cared?

As the days passed, Anna grew more accustomed to being with the Steer brothers. Friends at school stared at her and would whisper as she passed. She chose to ignore them. Her family was laid to rest, and she was happy to visit them.

She became a part of the Steers' life, and she was the happiest she'd ever been.

Four years later

Paul glanced out of his office window to look at the gorgeous beauty near the swimming pool. Anna Myers lay reading a book as the sun baked her skin from its usual pallor to a golden colour. He knew the only pale parts remaining would be under her bikini. Shit, look at those luscious, full curves. He didn't know how long he stood watching her. Whenever she was near he couldn't stop staring. She'd grown from a gawky teenager into a beautiful, intelligent young woman. These days all he seemed to do was stand and watch. Out of the corner of his eye he saw David, his younger brother, approach their young companion. She'd lived with them for the past four years, and she'd turned twenty a few months ago. He knew he wouldn't be able to keep her close for much longer. Ever since she'd turned eighteen, he'd been fighting to keep her at home. Not only to care for her, though. The other reason was because he didn't know how he'd be able to live without her presence in his home. She was the one sparkle he looked forward to.

Paul didn't know when he had stopped seeing her as a person he had to look after to seeing her as a desirable woman. It was like a switch had been changed within the sensors of his brain. She'd come down one morning looking refreshed with a figure that any woman would be proud of. He had glanced at his brother and had seen the similar look of longing he knew was reflected in his own eyes. Loving her would be a huge mistake.

He pulled himself away from the vision of seeing his brother with the woman who was creating a constant ache within his heart as well as incessant stirring in his groin. How many times had he thought of approaching her? Of telling her about his changing devotion? Asking for her body and her love? Until he'd discovered the book that had severed any chance he had. The diary lay open for all to see on his desk, and Paul cursed the damn thing. The secret of their family line lay open and exposed for him to see. Not only did he have to deal with his own disgust at desiring a woman who was too young for him, but also seeing the truth of past wives' thoughts almost destroyed him.

All of his hopes, wishes and dreams shattered by the revelation of the most important diary of generations. He wondered if his own fathers knew about the private thoughts of past generations of women who'd been shared by the Steer men. Glancing down at the old-looking diary he fingered the pages, wishing he could ignore the thoughts and concerns of these women.

The Diary of Belonging to the Steer Men, a fitting title for the occupation of the women of their line. The first entry went back over one hundred years. It had been written by the youngest of the women, Fanny Steer, at the ripe age of eighteen.

"I'm nothing short of a trophy for their pleasure. No one knows what they demand behind closed doors. The line of love we'd been fed was nothing more than a means to get a woman in their lives. They need heirs, and I was too stupid to see what was before my own eyes. The Steer men were after nothing but the continuation of their male line, and I'm nothing but a mere vessel to acquire the final product..."

For most of his young life Paul had believed the women came to the Steer men willingly. His family line was a closed off secret within their family, but the small town of CapeFalls where they lived was always rife with suspicion and rumours. How strange it was for all the brothers to live in the same house with one woman. For all of CapeFalls' good points, their complete lack of accepting something different always hindered them. They didn't accept relationships easily. Paul thought about Laura and Dean Riley. The couple were still scorned by most of the town-folk, even though their love shined through wherever they went. The twenty year age gap meant nothing to the couple. Yet the whole town, including her family, scorned them. He wondered what would happen if he let his feelings for Anna become apparent. Would her friends and the folk shun her?

Most knew something happened with his family, but the Steers made sure no one found out. The Steer men of past generations picked one woman to love, honour and cherish for the rest of their lives. Paul and David had lived like this for all of their lives, growing up under the love and happiness of his three fathers and one mother. He would have known no differently but for this diary. This abomination told of another side. A revelation, the outcome for the woman. A side he'd never given much thought to before. It didn't paint the men in a colourful light. The diary was old and probably from a bitter union, but Paul couldn't help but read the book and think of Anna. She was so young, and he couldn't force such a life on her. Part of his brain couldn't accept any woman not enjoying the complete devotion of one or several men.

The other part wondered what would happen if one day Anna had a diary of her own and was writing words of hatred? He wouldn't be able to bear her accusing words.

Closing the horrid diary, Paul went in search of sustenance in the kitchen. He stopped as he saw Anna, the woman he and his brother wanted but could never have, bent over a work surface, her gorgeous plump ass covered by the skimpiest bikini he'd ever seen. She turned as soon as he entered, running up to him and circling her arms around his neck. Her greeting was enthusiastic and loving. For so long she'd been running up and hugging him. For the past two years he'd fought the growing stiffness in his groin. Her hot little body pressed against him almost had him on his knees begging for her attention.

Usually he'd embrace her. Lay a kiss on the forehead and that would be all. There would be no thoughts of acting on his erection. Now he knew he must back off. He must make her hate him. That diary had destroyed any thought of him being with her. David would fight and tell him to grow up. The writings of a bitter old woman weren't worth it. How did he know it wasn't a woman similar to Anna? David may be able to handle the thought of her growing up and hating them. Paul refused even to give it a try.

He should find someone from town to love her and marry her. Seeing her with a man of his choosing would be easier than accepting she loved someone else. Instead he settled for the easiest option. He settled for her hating him. Paul didn't know why; he just knew it would save him, David, and Anna so much heartache in the long run. He wasn't acting selfishly. This was for their own good.

"What's wrong?" she asked when he didn't respond. His heart broke. Hurting her was the only way.

"Don't you think you're a little old to be hugging older men?" His hands were on her arms, pushing her away. Paul walked to the fridge and pulled out a cool bottle of water, his c**k threatening to split his trousers in two. Just having her close put him in an aroused state. Long shirts were indeed a blessing when covering embarrassing reactions. Paul saw the hurt written on her face and put his back to her, not allowing her pain to affect him. If he saw her, he wouldn't be able to push her away. Anna and her tears threatened to destroy him. Never before had he been so affected by a woman's pain as he was when it came to Anna.

"You're not old, Paul. If you don't want me to hug you anymore, just say so," she said, her voice wobbling from his sting of rejection.

"No? But I'm a man with needs. If you're not prepared to see them through, stop f**king teasing me." He stormed out of the kitchen. Her eyes were bright with tears. Slamming his office door gave him little comfort. This was the only way. Closing his eyes, Paul walked back to the window and watched as Anna walked back out to the pool. David was waiting with a smile and open arms. Paul watched as she rejected his comfort and stayed as far away from his brother as possible. She gathered her towel and walked back inside. David glanced down to where her towel had lain. In his heart he knew David would fight his decision. He picked up the diary and placed it in his safe. Whenever it got too hard for him and his feelings for her, he would come and read the diary. No way would he let Anna suffer the same fate that Fanny had. He loved Anna too much. And so it began. At every opportunity he stung Anna, trying to get her away from them. To save her from the bitterness and heartache of belonging to the Steer brothers. They would bring her nothing but pain. The diary said so.

It finally came to a head three months later.

David refused to talk to him after the last big explosive fight with Anna. She stayed out at work or with friends most days of the week. When she was home, she stayed in her room and no longer shared meals with them. She made sure she was never in the way. Paul hated himself, but he kept reading the diary to help with his decision.

He got home late one Saturday night. The house seemed empty, and he went and got a beer out of the fridge.

Taking a huge gulp, he heard the unmistakable sound of a woman giggling and the reciprocated moan of a man. Intrigued, Paul went in search of the cause of the noise, wondering if David had brought them home a woman to share to take the edge off. It had been a good few years since they'd shared a woman. Paul couldn't get excited for anyone but Anna. Cutting off his own thoughts he went in search of a possible distraction.

The sitting room was dark, but the door remained partially open. Frowning, he opened the door slowly. If David didn't want him to join in the fun he'd leave and go to his room.

Once his eyes adjusted to the darkness, his anger rose to unbearable heights. Anna lay on the sofa, her shirt open, but with the modest bra covering her br**sts. A male hand was moving down her stomach, and she was so busy being tongue bathed by the loser she didn't even hear Paul enter.

Paul saw red, and he couldn't explain what went through his mind, but he flicked the light on and charged at the man about to take his woman. Paul pulled him up by the scruff of the neck. Everything else that happened went a little blurry, until David walked in. Anna was crying, and the loser sported a nice shiner, his eye not opening properly. Paul, in his anger, grabbed him and led him out, dumping his ass on the door step. The desire to kick his ass was strong.

"Get the f**k off my property. If you ever touch her I'll cut your dick off and feed it to my dogs," Paul growled. He shut the door by kicking it with his foot and charged back into the sitting room.

"What the hell is going on?" David asked as soon as he entered the room. Anna was rubbing the tears away from her cheeks, her hands shaking. David went to his knees and buttoned her blouse for her.

"He threw my date out. I've been going steady with Henry for the past few weeks. He's a gentleman," she said to David, accusing Paul in the process. Paul didn't care; he was a man possessed.

"A gentleman? He practically had his hands on your pu**y," Paul shouted.

She winced but stormed up to him, a finger poking his chest. "It wouldn't have got that far. He was rubbing my stomach, you f**king jerk."

"I'm a jerk. Why would you need your stomach rubbed? He was just looking for a chance to get into your knickers."

"You're going to force me to spell it out, aren't you? I've got women's troubles. Does that answer your f**king question?" Her cheeks were red, and Paul wondered if it was from embarrassment or anger.

"You didn't need him rubbing your stomach. You've got me and David. We supply you with water bottles and help you through that," Paul said.

"How? How can I ask you for anything when you've made it abundantly clear I can't come to you for anything unless I'm prepared to follow through with something?" she asked.

"What? What the f**k are you talking about?" David asked. Paul ignored him.

"I threw out the jerk who was mauling you on my sofa. You want to behave like a little tramp you do it outside my house." He hated himself for the vicious words. Paul knew he was in the wrong. Over the past few months he'd made it harder and harder for her to approach him for anything. He knew she wasn't a tramp, but he couldn't seem to stop himself.

"How dare you? I've never done anything like this in my life, and besides, what about your reputation with the ladies? You're not any better," she yelled back.

David remained quiet. Paul saw the underlying rage simmering beneath the surface. Once this argument was over it was possible they'd come to blows for the first time ever.

"At least I make sure my life remains as private as possible. Were you just going to let Mr. Fingers have his way? Fuck you on my sofa in my house. I won't have any of that. Not here, not now." The words were the final straw.

She raised her hand and slapped him round the face. "For the last time, I wasn't going to sleep with him. If you think that, fine. I won't be staying here. Consider me gone." Anna ran up stairs, and within two hours she was out of the door. Her bags were packed. Paul had an internal fight. He wanted to grab her and hold her. Apologise for being a dick and beg her to stay. The other part of him was screaming for her to leave and be free.

The moment the door closed, David punched him in the face. Paul took his punishment.

As the weeks went by Paul missed her terribly, and David threatened his life if anything happened to her. She got back in touch to apologise for her behaviour.

Dear Paul and David,

I'm sorry my behaviour was less than savoury. Paul was right. It wasn't my house, and I should never have invited back a boy. I apologise. I'm no longer in CapeFalls and went to college elsewhere. I'll send letters if you want to hear on my progress. If not, then that doesn't matter. I wish you a good life. I know taking me in had been a hard decision, but I'm grateful for everything you've given me.

Love, Anna xxx

David stormed away, and Paul felt like the utter bastard he was. She'd left an address to send back, and he explained his actions. Not telling her how he felt, but making sure she'd write as regularly as she could. He also told her that the Steer home would always be part of her home, and she was welcome anytime. He made sure she had plenty of money in her bank account and was well looked after. David and Paul sat and waited for the day she would come back home. The diary didn't offer any comfort. He read the pages over and over, and nothing helped him deal with his attitude. What he'd done was abhorrent. He'd sent the only woman he'd ever loved away out of fear. After all of his hard work Paul was a fool. He wanted Anna more than he wanted anything in his life, and he'd ruined it.

The days went by, and they turned into months. After the first year, her letters dwindled until nothing came through. Paul and David became strangers. Both were waiting for her to come back.

Chapter One

Three years later

Anna opened the door of the taxi and glanced up at the house she hadn't seen in over three years. It looked as beautiful as ever. The front door opened, and David walked out to greet her. In the past she would have run towards him and wrapped her arms around him. Since the scene with Paul she didn't think it was appropriate. As she thought about their argument with poor Henry being stuck in the middle, she wondered what would happen with their friendship.

Seeing the disgust on Paul's face had been more than she could bear.

"So you decided to come home?" David said. She smiled and nodded her head. His gaze moved up and down her body. He'd see the extra pounds she'd put on from eating too much chocolate ice cream. Her br**sts were larger from the extra weight, and her clothes she'd left behind wouldn't fit either. "Aren't you going to talk to me?"

"Hi, David." She left the taxi door open and made her way towards him. After a second of debating whether to give him a cuddle, the thought was taken out of her hands as he embraced her.

For a second she closed her eyes and simply enjoyed the feeling of being held. While she'd been away she hadn't found anyone to replace the comfort her Steer men could provide.

"It's so good to have you back," he said.

A lump formed in the back of her throat, and it took all of her willpower to keep her emotions in check.

"I've missed you, too." Anna turned back to the taxi and pulled her bag from the bag. She handed over the cost of the fare and asked him to open up the boot. David stood waiting for her. "Two bags?"

"I travel light."

There was a difference between them. The easy banter wasn't present, and the conversation seemed strained.

"Paul's missed you," he said.

"I doubt it."

"Don't, Anna. He's missed you, and it hasn't been the same the last few years. You didn't come back for your birthday or Christmas. We've missed those times."

She licked her lips and glanced at the floor. What more could she say? How could she have stuck around after that last argument?

"Times change. People moved on. Have you got a girlfriend?" she asked. If he did, she had the time to get back into the taxi and leave. She hadn't thought to ask if he did.

Waiting for an answer was the worst kind of torture.

"You know me better than that." He grabbed her bags, and they headed for the front of the door. Paul stood there watching them.

Anna couldn't move. The reason why she left stood in the doorway.

"Hello, Anna," Paul said.

His voice sent shivers through her body. How could he do that with words? Did he have a special kind of magic which he reserved for her and her alone?

"Hello, Paul."

Again with the awkwardness.

"Why don't we get inside? We can all catch up."

Anna started up the steps, and Paul moved out of the way to let her pass. "Do I still have the same room?" she asked.

"Yes. You don't have to do that. We can sort it out," Paul said.

"No. I want to put my things away. David, would you mind following me up?"

"Lead the way, princess."

She smiled and walked up the flight of stairs. Her heart thudded against her chest. No place had ever felt more like home than the Steer house, a decadent building with furniture dating back as long as a hundred years ago. She recalled David telling her the importance of heritage and how vital it was to keep the blood of your line flowing in your veins. After living in a city, the town of Cape Falls seemed really small and backward. In the past three years she'd seen so much. The support out there was nothing like the ridicule people found here. Just on the taxi ride through the town, she'd seen a difference. Not a single woman walked round in a mini-skirt.

Conscious of David behind her, she tried to get her thoughts in check. She opened the door and stared at her room. Nothing had changed. The furniture sat in the same place with her bed in line with the window. Her curtains were closed, and her en suite bathroom door was open.

"We kept it the same way you left it. Paul and I figured you might come back."

Tears welled in her eyes. She was touched that they'd cared enough to leave the stuff she'd left behind. "Thank you."

"Don't worry about it."

He brushed past her and placed the bags on her bed. "Do you want me to give you a hand unpacking?"

She shook her head. "I'd like a few minutes by myself. If that's all right?"

"Yeah. Take all the time in the world." He stopped next to her on the way out. "I meant what I said. I'm glad your home." David laid a kiss against her temple before he left.

Anna stared at the closed door of her bedroom. How she wished she could have leaned into his touch. Three years she'd starved herself.

Going to her bags, she pulled one up and began to unpack. In her drawers, she found the clothes she'd left behind. Shirts, jeans, dresses and skirts. One by one she pulled them out and placed each item against her body. Some would have to go. Pulling all of her old clothes out, she stacked them on the desk next to the far wall. She'd go through them next week and see what still fit her. The rest she'd bag up and take to a second hand clothing store. Someone else might find some use in her old clothes.

Turning round to go back to the bed, she knocked something off the corner of the desk. Frowning, Anna bent down and picked up the picture frame.

The picture was a photo of Paul, David and herself, taken on the day of her eighteenth birthday. She stood between the two brothers. Paul had one arm wrapped around her waist, and David had one across her shoulders. Taking the picture, she sat on the edge of her bed. They looked like a happy family. Who would have thought within two years, she'd have left?

A splash of water hit the glass, and Anna was shocked to find herself crying. The biggest mistake of her life had been running out of the house. She should have taken the time to think her actions over, not react at the first hint of trouble. Growling at her own stupidity, she put the framed photo by her bed and finished unpacking her stuff.

So much time had passed. Loving the Steer brothers seemed to cause her nothing but trouble. In the photo she'd been so happy. Her life had been perfect. In her own little ideal world she'd imagined being married to them. A fairy tale if she'd ever heard of one. No one married two men. The idea was scandalous.

Running fingers through her hair she went into her bathroom and started the shower. Travelling had left a nasty feel to her skin.

****

David found his brother in the kitchen pouring a drink.

"Where's our house guest?" he asked.

"Getting herself together. She might take some time." David sat at the counter and took the cup offered to him.

"How do you think she's feeling?" Paul asked.

"I don't know. She's quieter than usual. Still as beautiful as ever. There's something missing from her, though. The sparkle, maybe? I don't know." He took a drink of the scalding liquid and welcomed the burn as it went down his throat. David wanted to be able to feel anything after the encounter in her room.

"She'll come around."

"There's something different about her, Paul. I love her so damn much." When she'd left, David had confessed to his brother his growing feelings for the younger woman. At first he'd been confused. They'd known Anna from a young girl, but with time he'd grown to accept he couldn't control his feelings. Nine years wasn't a particularly long age gap.

"We can't do anything about it," his brother said.

Hanging his head, David waited for the sound of her approaching footsteps. Listening to his brother constantly telling him what he couldn't have was driving him crazy.

"Have all the people responded to the party invitations?" David asked instead.

"Yes. Everything is set up for tomorrow night."

"Wow, never thought I'd see the day the Steer house had most of the Cape Falls residents coming to play," David said.

In the past, the Steer family had tried to avoid any such entanglements.

"It's her twenty-third birthday. We couldn't be there for her twenty-first. We'll do it now."

"You don't have to on my account. I'd be just as happy to get a pizza and a movie. It would give us chance to catch up," Anna said as she walked into the room.

"Coffee is already made," Paul told her and pointed across the kitchen.

"Thanks."

David watched her ass swinging from side to side as she moved about the kitchen. The Anna in his kitchen was all woman, and his c**k was doing a dance of joy.

"We want to throw you a party," Paul said, interrupting David's little image of a semi-naked Anna.

"Okay. Don't put yourself out. I'm happy with us staying in and no one coming."

"The invitations have already gone out," David said.

"Did you invite Henry and Laura?"

"Your friends have all been invited," Paul said.

"Great."

Silence.

This was the awkwardness David didn't like. She could talk a thousand words a minute usually.

"I've got work to do." Paul grabbed his cup and left the room.

David watched his brother leave and saw the upset on her face. "He's been a bit testy. Don't take it personally."

"I guess he didn't want me to come back?" She shrugged a shoulder and gazed down into her cup.

"Hey. Never think shit like that. Paul loves you. When you left, he was even harder to be with. Anna, he's happy you're back."

He got up from his seat and walked over to her. Uncaring about the filled cup in her hand, he hugged her to him.

"Don't let him get to you. Paul wants you." David closed his eyes and inhaled her warm vanilla scent. She smelt so good.

"Thanks, David. I think I'm going to go to bed." He watched as she placed her cup in the sink and left the room. Two of the people he cared about were hurting. Cleaning away the mess he went in search of his brother. He found Paul in his office, a glass of some strong spirit in his hand.

"This is what stuff comes down to? You're going to hide here until she eventually leaves?" David asked.

"I'm not trying to do anything."

"Really? Because the way you're going, she's going to pack her shit and leave. I can't let her do that." David stared at his brother's back. So much pain vibrating between them. In the years that had passed, David realised he'd never forgiven his brother. A part of him had blamed the older man for forcing Anna to leave.

"I don't want her to leave," Paul said in a whisper.

"Then please. Be nice to her, and give her a reason to stay." David turned away, ready to leave. "I know you think I'm disgusting, but I love Anna. I missed her. This time around, I'm not letting her go." He gripped the door knob.

"What are you saying?"

"I don't care about our old traditions. If you want Anna, then fine, but if you don't, then I'm done. This isn't some crush or lust thing. I love her, and I intend to claim her as my woman."

David left, going to his room. Every word he'd said to his brother, he'd meant. He refused to deny his feelings any longer. They weren't a relation of any kind. They'd never kept her locked inside the house. Anna Myers was a free spirit and had been for as long as he'd known her.

The age gap meant nothing. Shit, Dean and Laura were fighting a twenty year age gap. No more waiting. Anna would be his woman if his brother wanted her or not.

****

Paul waited for his brother to leave before turning round. In one hand, he held the glass of a strong aged whisky, in the other, the last picture taken of Anna not long after she'd turned twenty. For weeks, she'd begged him to go to the cinema with her. So many other girls had guys to go with them. Anna wanted him to go. The movie had been crap. A really shit love story. She'd held his hand the entire time, refusing to let go.

The picture had been one of the last taken of her. A few weeks later, she'd been gone. On the desk lay that f**king diary. The piece of shit he'd based his whole assumptions on. Going through his family tree, he'd discovered some interesting facts about his family. Fanny Steer, the writer of that diary, had got one of the men drunk. She'd thought to trap them into marriage where she thought she could force them to love her.

She's succeeded in the marriage. The only problem had been the men didn't love her. After the first two heirs were born, they hadn't touched her.

All the information had been stored in the attic. A silly place to keep such personal journeys of affection. Through the generations, his grandfathers had decided everything must be shared.

Placing the picture on his desk, he slammed the book closed. He couldn't bring himself to burn it. The diary wasn't his, and by right, should be read by the woman chosen to be their wife.

Anna should be the one to decide what to do with the book. She was home, and he prayed with all of his heart he could see past the mistakes he'd made and work through everything with her.

His very existence depended on it.

Chapter Two

Anna's Dream

"Is this what you want?" Paul asked. Anna moaned. He held her br**sts in his hands. David knelt on the floor by her feet. How could she want anything but?

"Yes," she said.

"If you give us your body, we'll do whatever we want with it," he said.

Anna couldn't think. David was running his hand up and down her leg. He wouldn't touch her pu**y even though she'd begged him numerous times to take her.

"Is this what you want? To be our woman? To belong to the Steer men?" Paul asked again.

"Yes. I want you both. Please, just give me everything."

Paul took her nipple between his teeth, biting down on the red flesh. Anna watched as the action created a tidal wave of sensation in her clit. David, never to be outdone, spread open the lips of her pu**y. His tongue pressed to her clit, teasing the tiny nub.

"You're so tasty."

Their touch was too much.

"That's it. Come for us. We want to f**k you, Anna. To take that sweet hot pu**y," Paul growled against her breast. "Fucking hell. I want to f**k these tits."

Every illicit word made Anna beg for more. With Paul and David she always wanted more.

"Yes, f**k me, use me. Do whatever you want, but please don't stop."

Suddenly, they stopped touching her body. She whimpered. In the next moment her hands were tied above her head. She was still naked, but now they were in a darker room. Her men circled her. David held what looked like a paddle while Paul approached her with clips.

"You've been naughty. Haven't you, Anna?" Paul asked. His voice was firm and held a threat for her not to lie.

"Yes, sir." She loved it when her men were dominant.

"Do you know what your punishment is for being naughty?"

"No, sir."

"Then wait until we tell you." Paul stroked her hair, his hand going in one long line down her body and past her breast. "Such gorgeous tits."

"Thank you, sir."

"I didn't give you permission to speak."

Anna held her lips closed. She knew she was in big trouble. How could she not be when her pu**y was so wet with cream? A cry escaped her lips as Paul placed the clips on each of her ni**les. She whimpered from the small bite of pain shooting through her body. Her cl*t was on fire. It would be hours before they allowed her any kind of release.

"She's all yours, David." Paul moved away, and his brother came into sight. He was naked. His cock, long, hard, and thick, stood out. She wanted to lick and suck him. To do to him what she'd seen in so many movies.

He moved round her back, and his hands touched the globes of her ass. "Such a nice, smooth ass. So pale."

Whack!

Anna screamed as the paddle he held smacked on her ass, the sting jarring her whole body. The clips on her ni**les provided a pull. The bite and sting went all the way to her cunt.

"Count for me."

Whack.

"One."

Whack.

"Two...."

Anna jerked awake as David was about to land the third spanking. Her dreams were becoming more and more vivid with every passing day. She dreamt of being with David and Paul. Collapsing in a heap on the bed, she stared at the ceiling. Her heart was pounding. Her pu**y was soaking wet. Closing her eyes, she knew playing with herself would be useless.

Trying to ease the ache inside her didn't work. She found little to zero satisfaction. Twenty-three years old and her entire sexual experience had come in dreams.

Pitiful.

****

David's Dream

"Did you miss me, David?" Anna asked. He lay on a lounger by the pool in nothing but a pair of swimming trunks. Paul had once again warned him away from the love of his life. How could he stay away from her? He loved her more than anything in this world.

She stood before him in a pale blue bikini. Her long black hair surrounded her. He liked that she never got it cut.

"I always miss you. Why did you go?" he asked.

"Don't think about me leaving. I'm so glad to be back."

"Anna, what are you doing?" She removed the top part of her bikini. Her tits were bare for him to see.

"I want to be with you, David. I want to be with you and Paul. Being away from you hasn't been right. I'm sorry. Can you forgive me?" She went to her knees by his chair. Her hands were on either side of his legs. He shouldn't be thinking about how na**d she was.

Looking away, David stared at the pool. Why was he cursed to love a woman he couldn't have?

"There's nothing to forgive."

"Yes, there is. I ran, David. I ran because I was scared about my feelings for you both."

Her hand rubbed along his thick, swollen shaft. David moaned and watched as Paul came out to join them. He looked at Anna with love like he did. Love and heat. Both men lusted after the same woman, as it had been for generations with them.

"Look at her, David. There's nothing wrong with us wanting her. Anna loves us. She wants us. Let go. Let her love you," Paul said.

"Is this what you want?" he asked her. Never would he do anything unless she wanted to.

"David...."

David gasped awake. Glancing at his clock he saw it was only two in the morning. Reaching for the water, he took a large gulp. His c**k tented the blankets where it lay over his lap. The dream was poignant to him. He had the same dream over three years ago when he was going to ask Anna out. Paul had told him to leave her alone. His brother knew best, and at the time, he had given Anna space. In the time it took to give her space, Paul had pushed her over the edge, and she'd left.

Could it be possible to have a relationship with Anna? He wanted one. Loving her was part of him. Not something he had to learn. Lying down, he stared at the ceiling. Sleep was a long way off.

****

Paul's Dream

"I know your secret." Anna took the book out of his hands and threw it across the room.

"What's my secret?" he asked. She took his hands and placed them on her hips. She straddled his lap, her core pressing against his shaft.

"You're scared of wanting me." She leaned down and laid a kiss on his lips.

"Don't be ridiculous."

"You're scared of how much you want me. David loves me, and it scares you with how easily you can give me your heart. I can give you everything, Paul." He watched as she leaned back and removed her shirt. Her tits were na**d for him to look.

"Don't do this, Anna." Closing his eyes, Paul begged for the nightmare to stop. He'd wake up, and Anna would be someone else's woman. Who would want to belong to the Steer men?

"You're scared of me hating you."

With each word she spoke, Paul knew it was the truth.

"Paul, the oldest and most resilient brother, is afraid I'll give him my love and then take it away."

The dream changed. David stood behind Anna. "If you don't learn to love her, she'll disappear."

The dream flashed, and Paul sat na**d in a room. "You're a bastard. The pair of you. How could I ever believe I loved you? You did nothing but use me. Use me."

He watched as Anna flung items of clothing into a bag. She looked older, into her forties. She looked as if they'd broken her spirit. Her pale complexion was blotchy. She was too thin.

Paul didn't do anything but sit and wait. Words failed him. Suddenly, an older version of himself stood in front of him. "Open your heart. If you don't, you'll lose her. Do you want this? To see her leave? She's gone once because of you. What's to say she wouldn't do it again?"

Paul woke up. A cry echoed round the room. He was on the top floor, and he knew his brother and Anna wouldn't hear him. His cries would go unheard at the top of the house.

Getting up from his bed he went to the bathroom and splashed some water on his face. He knew what his dream meant. If he wasn't careful, he'd go on holding Anna at arms' length. He would only give her a part of him, and in return he'd destroy the vibrant young woman inside her. Staring at his reflection, he refused to be the man who caused her world to turn upside down.

Chapter Three

The following day, Anna awoke with a determination to get back on old footing with the brothers. Yes, time had passed since the last time she's seen, them but that was no excuse for her to behave like a spoiled child.

Flinging the covers off her body she climbed out of bed and headed for the bathroom. After using the toilet, she washed her face, brushed her teeth before walking back into the bedroom. The pile of clothes on the desk awaited her. Groaning, she glanced at the clock. It was only seven in the morning. She had plenty of time to try the clothes on and take them into town. Dropping her nightgown on the bed, she began working on the pile of clothes. Some of her old stuff she couldn't get past her knees, and other stuff like dresses and the odd shirt, fit better. She placed the items that still fit back in the drawer, and the others she placed on the bed.

She pulled on a pair of jeans, a shirt and some shoes, brushed her hair out and then gathered the items. She walked down stairs where she found Paul and David in the kitchen. Didn't they sit anywhere else in the house?

"Morning," she said. Her mind was racing as she wondered what they were thinking about. Her normal instinct was to sit down and wait for them to serve coffee, the way a guest would. But this was her house, and until they said otherwise, she'd go back to treating as if it still was her house.

"You've cheered up some," David said. "What's with the clothes?" She'd dumped them on the counter.

"Oh, those. I left them behind, and I tried them on this morning. Do you have a bag or something? I'm going to nip into town and give them to the second-hand store." She poured her coffee and turned to assess the two men.

The time away had been way to kind to each of them. Paul looked even more darkly dangerous, and David simply looked hot. His arms looked bigger than when she was last here.

"Do you think that's a good idea?"

What, getting wet over you?

"Huh?" They couldn't see what she was thinking, surely.

"Going into town. You've not been back long."

Anna laughed. "This is CapeFalls. Nothing ever happens here." She drank the last of her coffee, kissed David and then Paul on the cheek, then picked up her clothes and left.

She had lots to do, including getting ready for her party.

"Wait up, Anna," David shouted.

Turning, she saw him dangling car keys from a finger.

"Last time I checked, you didn't have a car," he said.

"I was going to walk, but seeing how you want to be all capable, I'll let you drive me." She placed the last clothing inside the bag and walked behind David to the car. "Isn't Paul coming?"

"He's making some last minute preparations for your party." Anna clapped her hands. He gave her a funny look.

"Sorry," she said. "I'm trying to get back to normal. This distance between us shouldn't be here." Her cheeks must be bright red from the blush she felt spreading up through her body.

"Don't worry about it. I'm glad to have you back." He opened the boot of the car, and she dumped the bag of clothes.

"Do you want to get some breakfast in town?" he asked.

"I'll see. Thank you," she said as he opened the door. Anna got in and buckled her seat belt. She glanced up at his office window and saw Paul staring out. Giving him a wave, she didn't to see if he waved back, and she settled down.

The sun was shining bright in the sky. "Has CapeFalls changed much?"

"From being judgmental and full of women who like to gossip and men who like to pretend they know everything? No, it's pretty much the same."

"So the same old town. Why doesn't it move forward?" she asked. When she'd been living here, the way the people acted had never bothered her. She'd grown up in CapeFalls, and she'd accepted their way of life. Leaving had made the town seem more old-fashioned.

"I don't know. I think they're happier not knowing what's going on in the world. Makes everything easier to keep in control."

Anna rolled the window down and let the fresh air run through her hair. "I've missed this." The town might be stilted in its growth, but the fresh air and mass of greenery was refreshing after a life of living in the city.

"Do you think you'll miss your old life?"

"You don't know what happened in my old life." She knew he was talking about college.

"Tell me about what you did." He turned a corner, and she saw the town coming into view.

"I studied. Literature, mostly. I found a passion for reading, which wasn't a big surprise."

"Why?"

"Well, everyone here knew my business and left me alone, apart from the gossip and whispers. In a city or my college, people want to know about you. When they found out my parents died, I became like a tortured soul they wanted to constantly talk to. If I had a book in my hand, they left me alone," she said.

"Sorry you had to go through that."

"Don't be. Even though it drove me crazy, it was nice to see other points of view. To be asked about it and get to tell them what happened. They didn't have a blow by blow from their dad or mum."

Anna fell silent and stared out of the window.

"What else did you get up to?"

"Nothing much. I did party some. My friends took me to a night club for my twentieth birthday. I get drunk and ended up throwing up round the back. A nice man who owned the club was kind enough to send me home."

David was entering the town. Anna glanced all around, surprised that nothing had changed.

"Would you drive around so I can see everything?" she asked.

"Sure."

"Here we are on the CapeFalls tour, hosted by David Steer." She burst out laughing as he deepened his voice. "On the left we have the diner. They still serve greasy burgers and fries. However, they added a caramel sauce to the desert menu. Very risky if you ask me."

Anna laughed at his sarcasm.

As they passed each shop, he added some dialogue. After ten minutes, Anna was laughing so hard she was begging him to stop. "And here we've got the library where the books are. I don't know if they're vetted anymore, but last time I checked there were only tame romances allowed to the female populace."

"The town wouldn't want us to learn how short-changed we are on the male species," she said. "Wow. Nothing has changed. I wonder how long I'll be saying wow for."

"Come on. Let's grab your clothes and get some breakfast. I want a greasy breakfast with bacon, eggs, sausages and all the works." He pulled up at a parking bay. Anna joined him at the boot as he unlocked it. She grabbed the bag and waited for him to lock up. They walked down the street together.

Several people stopped them on the way to the second-hand store.

"Looking forward to the party," one said.

"Great plan to celebrate your birthday and your return," another said.

After the sixth or seventh person stopped them Anna was getting tired of it. "Next time, don't bother throwing me a party."

"I'm actually thinking of agreeing with you. I don't know half of these people, and already they're annoying me." He opened the door to the second-hand shop.

"Well, well, well. Look what the cat dragged in. Little Anna Myers. Come here girl," Amy Grant said.

In no time she had Anna in a hug and was squeezing the life out of her.

"I need to breathe." Amy had been friends with Anna during high-school. They'd lost touch when Amy married the school nerd, not for any reason other than Amy was starting a family. And all the while Anna had been trying to get the Steer brothers to see her as a woman.

"Sorry. It's been so long since I've seen you. About five years."

"Yeah. How's....erm...." Shit. She couldn't remember the name of her husband.

"Steven?"

"Yes. Your husband?"

Silence met her answer.

"Steven is no longer in the picture. Would you like to look around, or are you dropping things off?" The change in the other woman was instantaneous.

"I'm dropping off. I didn't mean to upset you," Anna said.

"You didn't. It just made me realise how different our lives turn out." Amy took the clothes and put them in the back.

Anna didn't know what to do. She glanced at David and saw he was uncomfortable.

"Erm...Amy. I'm supposed to be having a party tonight...."

She didn't get chance to finish. "I know. I got an invite, but I can't leave the kids. I'm pleased to see your safe back home."

They left the shop as Amy started dealing with a customer. "What was that all about?"

"Don't. I'll tell you over breakfast." David took her hand and led her to the diner. Considering it was still early in the morning, the place was heaving with customers. David got both of them a seat in the back. People stopped her and wished her well as she passed. Anna didn't like the attention. She'd been happy to pass through most of her life being invisible. A waitress took their order, served coffee and left.

"Wow, the customer service has gone downhill since the last time I was here," she said.

David reached across the table and took her hand.

"I'm really glad you're back, Anna."

She smiled. Being with him while trying to forget about the past made her realise how much she wanted to be home.

"I'm happy to be back." She meant every single word.

****

His heart lifted. Seeing her smile meant everything to him. David held her hand, his thumb stroking her fingers. Touching her felt like a dream. The pleasure from simply being closer to her affected him far more than it ever had in the past.

What had changed in the last three years besides him getting older? Where Paul was nine years older than Anna, making Paul thirty-two, David was only twenty-nine. The age difference was smaller.

"What are you thinking?" she asked.

"Nothing. I don't want to get all sappy over you." He broke contact as the waitress came back with their order. They had both ordered a full breakfast. Anna, like old times, passed him over the extra helping of bacon and took one of his sausages. He enjoyed watching the easy way she dealt with him.

"Spill the beans. What have I missed?"

He'd forgotten about Amy working in the second-hand shop. The whole scenario had been one of the biggest scandals since the Dean and Laura.

"What do you want to know?" David hated gossiping, and Amy had her own demons to fight.

"David, do me a favour and answer the question." She cut her sausage in half and began eating. Anna sure knew how to eat. Watching the meat disappear between her luscious lips was actually making certain parts of his anatomy swell.

For f**k's sake, man. It's a sausage!

"There's nothing getting past you, is there?"

She shook her head. "I'm back, and I'd like to know what's going on." He took a swallow of his coffee and set his knife and fork down.

"This isn't my business, and I imagine at some point you and Amy will talk. About a year ago, Steven was arrested. Police were called to the house. He'd beaten Amy to within an inch of her life. Apparently, she'd been suffering at the hands of her husband for some time. The kids were unharmed, but they testified against their father in court."

"Oh my god. Poor Amy." Anna had put her knife and fork down and was staring past his shoulder.

"Yeah. The problem is half the people in CapeFalls think she's lying about the whole thing. She's had to deal with some horrible threats. I know the chief has had enough." David started eating.

"I really don't get this town at times."

"She was in the hospital for two weeks. Her folks took care of the little ones until she was fit to care for them herself. She keeps to herself."

They finished their meal in silence. David knew he'd landed something horrible in her lap.

Afterwards they drank their coffee, and once most of the people had left, David took her back to the car.

"Where do you want to go?" he asked.

"Can I go home? I think I want to get ready for the party tonight and relax." He nodded and helped her in the car before moving round and getting in himself.

David started up the engine and pulled away from the kerb.

"Are you all right?"

"Yeah. I'm just so shocked. Three years feels like nothing, and yet the town seems different somehow. As if in the last three years it's taken a more backwards approach to everything," Anna said.

"Makes you wonder what will happen when a titty bar is started up." He chuckled at his own joke.

"Or a BDSM club."

The car swerved as he glanced over the small distance between them.

"Fucking hell, David. Watch the road," she said.

"What do you know about BDSM clubs?" he asked. David couldn't believe what he'd just heard. How did Anna know about that kind of action?

"Come on, David. I went away to college, and people learn things. I haven't visited one. I've just heard rumours."

He waited for a car to pass before joining up on the road. His heart had picked up speed. Fucking hell. He'd heard and even been to a few clubs when he was travelling in his late teen and early twenties. Never had he imagined Anna knowing what the words stood for, let alone knowing clubs existed for an exclusive clientele.

"Out of curiosity, you're one of the Steer brothers, living in a rather strict town. How did you know what I meant?" she asked. He heard the teasing tone to her voice. The sound did nothing for his equilibrium.

"First, I wasn't always a good boy, and second, I'm twenty-nine years old, Anna. I've lived a little and know quite a few things that I'm sure would shock you," he said.

Stop f**king taunting her. She's not yours yet.

"That sounded like a promise more than a threat. What do you have planned for me?" she asked.

Where was the woman who was quiet and didn't speak her mind? The good girl who'd rather watch television than talk? Anna had changed, and David wasn't sure if he'd be able to live through all the revelations he was sure would come with time.

He and Paul were up shit creak without a f**king paddle.

****

Paul watched the car pull up. Anna was laughing as she got out of the car, and David was as well. He turned away from the scene and went back to answering his mails. They always had the summer off work and stayed close to home. Over the years the Steer name had built up, so their presence wasn't always needed.

The yearning inside him was growing. How could he leave Anna alone when his own brother had made his point about staking a claim? He knew it was only a matter of days until Anna either accepted them or declined them.

Could he live with her answer if it turned out to be the latter?

Chapter Four

"Are you going to be nice?" David asked his brother.

"I'm always nice," Paul said. He poured himself another generous glass of bourbon. Since hearing Anna and David laughing in the house, he knew he needed the courage the alcohol would give him. His brother drove him crazy with his endless questions. He, Paul Steer, could be a nice guy. Okay, he could be a nice guy when he chose. He was just choosing not to be nice. It had been three years since they'd last seen Anna, and she'd come back home yesterday. Her presence felt like a bullet to his gut. She was different from how he remembered. Her hair had grown out. The long ebony colour locks were down to her waist. She wore glasses, and where there was once a freedom with her emotions, now they were closed. When she'd arrived with a placid smile and the calmly voiced hello, instead of her full-on attack of hugs and kisses, Paul had known she's changed. Within an afternoon and night her entire attitude had changed. Yes, she laughed, but he knew there was still something missing. Anna was different, and he knew without a shadow of a doubt, she was scared of letting go.

He missed her carefree spirit, and he knew he was the one to blame for the lack of it. Over the past three years, she'd gained a little weight and had filled out. Her delicate vulnerability had evolved into a patient and full woman. David had tried to bring her out of her shell. The easy laughter was no longer reflected in her eyes. There was a reserve about her. They'd planned a party for her twenty-third birthday, even though she'd said she didn't want one last night. If he'd known sooner he would have cancelled everything. Spending time with her without the town present would have been more ideal. He sipped his glass of bourbon and tried to keep his mind and body in check. He needed the drink to help him past the wave of guilt at seeing her again.

"Yeah, right. Anna is home, and you've been like a beast in a cage." Could anyone blame him? The last time he'd seen Anna he'd treated her like shit, and it was not acceptable. Paul thought back to the cause of why Anna had begun to stay in their house. He couldn't recall - he didn't want to recall - whose clever idea it had been to have her stay in their house, but he could personally throttle him.

The problem was, Paul had been the one to suggest it. So, short of trying to strangle himself, he'd had to live with the decision. He could threaten all he liked, but to throttle himself was useless. At the age of sixteen, Anna's parents had died in a plane crash, leaving her alone in the world. Being the closest to family she had, Paul and David Steer had taken it upon themselves to care for the younger woman. To care and then fall in love with the younger woman, nine years their junior. Not a huge age difference, but enough to make Paul uncomfortable. They'd looked after her since she was sixteen, and yes, they hadn't felt any attraction toward her until she was over the legal age, but it didn't stop the unease or the stigma in his mind.

"It's her birthday." David began to argue.

"I know. We've got the house all set for a party." Paul gestured around the sitting room. Balloons, alcohol and streamers littered every surface. The place looked a mess.

"It's not every day a woman turns twenty-three."

"We should have done this to celebrate her twenty-first," Paul said.

"Yes, but someone sent her running far away from us and CapeFalls. Don't screw this up," David said.

Paul could have killed his brother with his arguments. No, it wasn't every day a young woman came home, looking more stunning than ever, highlighting how he could never have her. It was so ironic. His biggest secret was his absolute need for the younger woman. That diary and past generations had a lot to answer to.

Should he be selfish and just have her?

"She's special, Paul. Maybe one day you'll see that." David made a move to leave the room, but Paul turned on him.

"Special? There is nothing special about her. Not one thing. The only thing special about her is you want her badly. You want to take her and make her yours. There is nothing special in that." I want her. I want to own her. To love and care for her for the rest of my life. But of course he wouldn't say the words. With the last sentence hanging in the air, Paul spun back to his position of pouring himself another generous shot of bourbon while his younger brother cursed and left the room.

Paul's stomach was knotting, his heart aching. How could he tell his brother how much he wanted the younger woman? He was the older of the two and should be keeping a level head on the situation. But the diary made him push Anna away. He wanted Anna, not just as part of his life but as part of their life. A menage wasn't a common practice, but through the generations of Steers it had become common-place for one brother, the elder, to share his wife.

For some reason it was figured one woman would satisfy the whole group and in doing so cement the Steer name for future generations, enabling growth and prosperity, whether it were three men to one woman or simply one to one. David and himself had been the only sons born to their fathers and mother. Swallowing down the dark liquid he wondered what Anna would think if she knew he craved not only her body wrapped around his as he made her his over and over again, but in his blood he desired, wanted and needed to see her with his brother. To know if he died that she would be safe.

It was not the simplest of conditions to a relationship.

"Hi, will you marry me? Oh, by the way, you'll have to f**k my brother for me as well." That conversation would never be the ideal way to start up any relationship, let alone explain their situation to Anna. Paul didn't know how much she knew about their love lives, and he didn't want to risk losing her even if he never had her.

Shaking his head against the beginnings of a migraine he made his way out of the sitting room in search of the party which in a few hours should be in full swing.

At least he could try to find some willing female for a few hours.

****

Anna was looking at her reflection. The simple black dress highlighted her small waist and full hips. Her long black hair tumbled down her back in waves. She'd never dream of cutting the length. She could remember, not long after her parents died, sitting in the front room looking into the fire brushing her hair. Paul had come up behind her, and for the entire night, he'd brushed her hair until it shone. Whenever she ran her fingers through the length, it would always remind her of him. Another memory to plague her constant obsession with the Steer brothers. Such a shame considering Paul hated her.

Spending time with David in the morning into the afternoon had been a welcome distraction. As always, Paul stayed away and remained in his office.

Coming back after being away for three years had been scary. She'd stopped sending letters because she couldn't handle their responses anymore. David was always caring and considerate and wouldn't dream of hurting her. Paul was different. He wouldn't spare her feelings, and she believed one day she'd open a letter to find he was getting married. Or there was a special woman in his life. David and Paul had taken her in when her parents died, and how did she repay them? By falling in love with them. What kind of a person was she that she fell in love with not just one brother but two? Henry had been a welcome distraction. They'd both been in love with someone else. Someone they couldn't have and had decided to find some solace with each other. The only thing that had happened was she'd been the cause of his black eye. Henry had understood. The pain he'd been in wasn't right.

Anna couldn't recall what had happened to make the older man despise her other than getting older and trying to have a life. Since she'd turned eighteen, Paul no longer had any time for her at all, not even to brush her hair. David was there, but Paul had withdrawn from her.

Paul had no time for her to make polite conversation, but he had plenty of time to criticise her and barge in when her date was kissing her and making with the heavy.

There was no point thinking about the past. Three years ago, she'd run away and made a mistake. She wouldn't be running anymore.

Sighing, she ran her fingers through her hair, trying to give it some life. She wondered if the rumours surrounding the Steer men she had heard since the last time she'd been in CapeFalls were indeed true.

Henry had kept in touch when she left and stayed with a few friends while she studied at the local college. With her away the gossip had run rife about her leaving. He'd found out from several older women that the Steer men had a history of taking one woman. The oldest brother would marry her, but the brothers born would never leave the house. There was no proof if they shared the same woman. The rumours had continued, but there was never any way of proving it.

Is that why Paul had become angry with her and kept pushing her away? He wanted her. Did David want her as well? Since Henry had told her about the sharing, her mind had run rampant with all the thoughts of being sandwiched between two men as they took her body.

Her curiosity had gotten the better of her, and she'd gone looking to find out more about three people together in bed. What she'd found had made her crave more. Travelling back home had become a necessity. She wanted to be with Paul and David. For the longest time she'd been in love with both of them. Her feelings scared her, but she couldn't stop whom she loved.

Internet searches of menage relationships had opened her mind. She'd purchased books and watched sex tapes. Anything she could get her hands on.

The wetness from the stories she'd read had made her crave a relationship with two men. To have two men devoted to her pleasure.

Man. She'd read way too many erotica books and movies to send her spiralling.

Since Paul seemed determined to keep her at arms' length from any male with a willing cock, she'd ended up remaining a virgin. She'd had opportunities, but whenever she'd gotten close to giving herself to someone there had been a part of her that hadn't felt right. In her heart and mind she belonged to Paul and David. The only men she'd give herself to would be her men. The Steer men.

"Are you decent?" The masculine call came through the door. Anna smiled as she called for him to enter, and there was David, in the flesh. One of the two men she couldn't stop dreaming and fantasizing about. Would his c**k be as long as the men she'd seen in the videos? One of her room-mates had talked to her about what happened during a woman's first time. She wasn't scared. Her virginity was a matter that would be taken care of soon. Paul wouldn't push her away again. Anna Myers wanted to belong to the Steer brothers. This visit would either cement their bond, or she'd leave and never look back. One thing was clear in her mind. She wouldn't leave until she knew her answer.

Holding her hands out to her side, Anna gave him a little twirl. "What do you think?" Time hadn't changed the way David responded to her. He always made her feel wanted.

"You look amazing as always," he said stepping further into the room.

"Amazing? Is that it?" she asked disappointed, but she tried not to show it. When would a guy tell her she was sexy or beautiful?

"What more is there?"

Anna sighed and turned back to look at her reflection. "You know I'm not a child anymore?" She wouldn't beg for attention. It wasn't in her style.

David joined her, standing close to her back placing his hands on her shoulders. "I've never seen you as a child."

Anna couldn't concentrate as his thumbs moved along the angle of her neck. She almost leaned back and pressed her body against his much larger warmth. This is what it was always like. Wanting but refusing, scared to move past the age barrier. Yes, she understood they'd taken her in when she was sixteen, but she had her own mind and knew what she wanted. She wanted to be able to be part of their lives. In her heart she dreamed of being married to both men. Anna knew if she didn't react soon she would always remain in the closed off bracket.

What Paul had said all that time ago no longer mattered. She loved them both and could overlook his hurtful words.

Impulsively, Anna leaned back. David's body consumed her. His shoulders could be seen on either side of her. She watched in the full length mirror as his gaze moved down the line of her body and back up again. The first real sign of interest in her as a woman. She held it as a sparkle of hope it was.

With her palms down by her sides she brushed them on his thighs. He didn't move, but she heard him take a deep breath. The air he expelled ruffled the hair at the nape of her neck.

"What are you doing, Anna?" His voice took on a deep growl.

Tilting her head back Anna looked into his eyes. His beautiful green eyes, so beautiful and earthy they took her breath away. Bringing her other arm up, she looped it to the back of his head. With her free hand she held his arm where it circled round her waist. This was the first time they'd been this close.

Was that his c**k pressing against her ass?

"Aren't you going to kiss the birthday girl?" she asked. Her heart pounded in her chest. Her ni**les ached for him to reach up and cup them. It had been years since she'd held him. The past three years hadn't stopped the yearning to be near to him. His scent invaded her, turning her inside out. She wanted this man as much as she wanted his brother. Was she sick? Anna crossed her legs as the ache in her pu**y built. Could she grab his hands and place one on her breast and the other on her mound? Her body was alive, and she wanted to feel closer to him. To take all of her clothes off and beg him to make love to her.

A moan escaped between her lips, and at the moment she didn't care as he leaned down to give her a kiss. She noted the way his lips were closed and his eyes firm. She knew he would try for a peck on the lips or a brush. She didn't want a peck. Anna wanted it all.

His lips brushed hers. A brotherly or friend type kiss. As he moved away her hand tightened around his neck refusing to let him go. She turned slightly in his arms so her body was in a better position to receive his kiss. Closing her eyes she deepened the kiss, opening her lips and running her tongue over his lips.

He pulled away. A hand on her cheek. "Anna, don't do this."

"Please, please. David, kiss me like you want too. Just once," she begged.

"Anna, please. Don't make me start something we won't be able to finish."

Hope sprang inside her. David felt something. "Then don't stop, and let us continue until we finish."

She watched as he closed his eyes. "Don't say stuff you don't mean."

"I mean it. I want you David," she said.

For several moments he didn't respond, remaining frozen solid. Anna was determined to evoke some emotion whether it was disgust at her assumption or the passion she knew was just beneath the surface.

The time seemed to last for an eternity. It was the longest wait for anything in her life.

She was rewarded as his free hand captured the back of her head and thrust his tongue between her lips. His hand on her waist spun her around, moving her flush against him. Her aching br**sts full and round, her ni**les budding to unbearable points as they pushed, trying to come through the fabric of her gown. David placed one hand to the back of her head, his fingers sinking into the length of hair which he fisted. Anna cried out from the pain opening her mouth wider for his invasion. The one on her waist moved down to her butt. He squeezed her ass, and she heard a growl escape between his fiery kisses. Anna circled both of her arms around his neck, holding on as desire and lust took over. She felt her dress being pulled up past her butt, exposing her virginal white panties. David was gathering her dress in his hands. The thrill sent delightful shivers all around her body.

As abruptly as it began she was suddenly thrust away from him. The movement shocking her, she had to catch herself before she fell in a heap on the ground.

"What the hell am I doing?" he cursed himself He ran erratic fingers through his hair. Not talking to her or looking at her. He looked crazy with longing.

Anna found herself panting and as she stood, straightening her body. The molten heat sizzling between them was making her pu**y burn for this man.

"You want me," she said, her hand going to her throat, trying to still her pounding pulse. This reaction was more than she could have asked for. She knew he cared, but to feel the heat of passion was such a relief. Her life, her birthday was perking up with every passing second. Three years of not seeing each other lay between them.

He shot her a glare and started to pace. Anna didn't know what to do.

"What have I done wrong?" she asked him. Her desire, her love shouldn't end like this. It couldn't. Feeling the way he responded, being so close to having everything she ever wanted, Anna didn't know if she could live with second best.

"Is it because I left?" she asked. Leaving and giving up for the past three years had been her biggest mistake and the one she regretted with all of her heart.

David stopped and moved toward her. "It's not you." He cupped her cheeks in his hands. "I can't have you."

"Why not?" Anna didn't understand. She was offering him everything.

David didn't have time to answer.

"Because it's not as simple as one brother for one woman in our family, is it, brother?" David and Anna started as they both turned to see Paul enter her room. He shut the door behind him. It was a strange action considering there was no one around. Everyone else was preparing for the party. Anna hadn't wanted a party, but David had insisted on it as soon as he heard she would be returning home in time for it.

"Don't do this Paul," David begged his brother.

"Why not?" Paul said coming to stand near the two.

Anna watched the older brother, and she couldn't explain her reaction. Her body went on alert and for the first time she didn't see a man who hated her. She saw a man who was watching her. The predator stalking his prey. There was more to his eyes, and she was ready to see more.

"Hello Paul," she whispered. The previous night she hadn't gotten the chance to talk to him. David had stopped by to say hello, but Paul had been busy.

Without taking his eyes from his brother, Paul said, "Happy birthday, Anna. Your party has started downstairs. You obviously didn't hear the door."

Anna blushed as she thought about the reason. She didn't want to go downstairs. Staying with David and Paul and having her feeling put on the table for them to hear sounded like a better idea.

"I don't want to go," she said.

"Go. This party is for you. We'll join you in a minute."

She wanted to argue, but something in his expression warned her to do as she'd been told. Anna gave David one last lingering glance before she moved to the door.

She shut it behind her to give them privacy. Anna didn't move on straight away but stood leaning against the wall, wanting the support. Whenever they were near, she turned to jelly. No man should have that kind of power over a woman, let alone two men having the same effect with her.

Sighing as she heard the music begin to play. She made her way to her party with the intention and hope of what she could find later. Old high-school friends stood in little groups drinking beer and having a good time. How long had she been upstairs with David? Closing her eyes she tried to build up some enthusiasm. It had been three years since she'd met any of them, besides Henry. She saw him in the corner sipping from a bottle.

"Hello, stranger, and happy birthday," Henry said as she joined him.

"Hiya, Henry." She brushed his hand aside and hugged him. "I've missed you."

"Missed you, too." He sipped more beer and kept glancing around.

"Why do you look nervous?" she asked.

Henry laughed. "Remember what happened the last time I was here? I don't want to have to explain a shiner to my girlfriend."

"Point taken." She glanced around. Beer hadn't ever appealed to her. "Who's your girlfriend?"

"Tiffany Marshall."

Anna couldn't recall the name and left it at that. "You know they won't hit you."

"Maybe, maybe not. I don't want to take the chance."

She hid away next to Henry for the next half an hour, keeping her gaze on the room rather than on the stairwell.

"Anna, can I ask you something?"

"Anything."

"Have you come back to try and claim them?" One of the things she loved about Henry. He didn't beat around the bush.

"I need to know."

"What happens if they don't want you?"

"Then I leave, but at least I won't go through life wondering what might have been if I don't try."

"I'm rooting for you. They're fools if they don't see how wonderful you are."

She smiled at his kind words. David and Paul were completely different. Only time would tell if they'd give her a chance.

Chapter Five

As soon as the door closed the brothers stopped staring at each other, and Paul went and sat on Anna's bed, observing the younger man.

"We can't do that to Anna," David said as he turned away. Paul knew he was struggling to contain his raging desire as well as a serious hard-on. In truth, if he got a few minutes Paul wanted to go and relieve himself. He'd made every intention of coming to Anna's room to make up and to offer to escort her to the party. Since the night he'd shouted at her they hadn't properly made up. Instead he'd almost died on the spot. His brother had turned round and was pulling up her dress when Paul opened the door. He'd watched, holding himself back even though deep down he'd wanted to go in and join them. They looked hot together. David was the lighter of the two brothers with blonde hair and green eyes, while Paul had the darker hair and hard eyes. For many years he'd been told he was the darker and more serious of the brothers. That he had an intensity of darkness around him. Not the nicest of compliments. He wanted to be everything Anna needed. A shoulder for her to cry on and the lover she needed to give her pleasure.

"You feel it, too?" Paul asked his brother, even though deep down he already knew the answer. He needed to hear the words from David's lips before he could believe it.

"I feel the pull of her. I want her every time I see her. These past few years have been a nightmare without her near. I love her, Paul. I always have, and I feel sick because we knew and cared for her when she was so young. I mean, what would people think of us? This is CapeFalls. They won't even give Dean and Laura peace, and they've been together for a few years now."

Paul had spent a great deal of time considering the thoughts of the townspeople. The Steers had always been odd, but never before had any of the brothers considered making a woman nine years younger their wife. His mind had been plagued with that f**king diary he should never have read. Over the past three years he'd read the whole thing and realised it hadn't been many women's thoughts. Only one woman. One woman who'd been bitter as she wasn't the woman the Steer men wanted. Paul cursed his stupidity. He had behaved like some abominable monster after reading that trash.

Running a hand through his hair, Paul couldn't believe the shit he was thinking. He wanted to turn round and say f**k the people and what they thought, but then he thought about Anna. How small and fragile she was, even though she had the body of a woman. He couldn't bear to see her being treated as an outsider. She'd lost so much in her short life, and he couldn't imagine causing her any more loss.

"We'll figure something out," Paul said in reply to his brother.

"Do you really love her? You treat her like shit." Paul winced at the accusation. It was the blunt honest truth. No excuse would be good enough for the way he treated her. His heart and soul had bled more for treating her mean than it ever could have for loving her.

"I love her. I was just trying to protect her from this. From us."

"How can we have treated her like anything but royalty? Come on, Paul. How could you think we'd treat her any different?" David asked.

"I had my reasons-"

"They weren't bloody good ones. Anna left because of what you said. Because of what you did. Don't f**k this up because if she leaves again...."

"You'll what, David?"

"I'll follow her and make her mine. I'm not going to deal with your shit. I love Anna, and I will have her." David stormed out.

Paul watched him go. Paul's heart was heavy. What he and David wanted from a woman was too much to ask any of anyone, let alone Anna. He wouldn't force a life of menage on Anna. Not before she'd lived and experienced life for herself. But could he live with her finding love with another man?

****

A few hours later the party was in full swing. A few of their old friends and business associates, along with a bunch of Anna's old high school friends, were in attendance. Anna stood out from the crowd, and no matter what David tried to do to be distracted, his gaze would always find her in the room. He noted the amount of male appreciation she received and how she managed to dodge a few wavering hands and invitations to dance. She spent most of her time with Henry. Taking a long sip of his beer he glanced around and saw Paul watching her as well. There were times he hated his brother. Paul being the oldest caused so many problems. He didn't know why his older brother had changed toward Anna, but he sure as hell wouldn't accept it anymore. Anna was their woman, and if Paul didn't see it, then he'd take his part of the inheritance and do something no other Steer man had ever done. He'd have her for his own. Thinking about the past David recalled the number of times Paul had been a little overbearing with their charge.

The rules had changed overnight when Anna came to stay. Her parents had died in a car crash, and they'd been the only family willing to take her in. No more women were allowed in the house. Anna was given a curfew, and either he or Paul was to take her to school or pick her up.

"Hiya, handsome, want some company?" David looked at the approaching woman. Her tits and ass were on display, and a few years ago he'd have been f**king her in the garden before the night was out. His scowl had her scampering away. No woman would be good enough for a quick tumble. The one-nighters were over.

He couldn't help but think about how many times he'd used the very same look on Anna. She'd laughed at him, patted his chest and walked round him.

God, he loved her. He heard her laugh at one of the guy's jokes, and tingles shot through his body down to his dick. Cursing, he stood off to the side so no one would notice his tightened jeans. Her laugh was deep and dirty, making him think of other sinful ways to put her mouth to good use.

Shit, he needed to get out of here and quick.

Placing his empty bottle on the side, he moved for the exit near the doors.

"Where are you going?" Paul stopped him with a hand on his arm.

"Getting some air. Is that all right, dad?" He growled at his brother, not caring about the disrespect in his voice. Pulling his arm away, David stormed out of the room pushing a few men out of his way on his way into the night.

Once outside he could relax and calm down. His hand moved to his c**k pressing the firm shaft through the tight denim.

"Fuck, I want her so bad," he cursed the empty night air. The stars stared back at him, twinkling and beautiful. He usually admired their beauty, but this time he couldn't help but resent them as they appeared to be mocking him.

****

Anna watched David walk out of the room, her heart beating rapidly in her chest. Did he hate her for her response to him in the bedroom? Thinking about his arms wrapped around her and his mouth bruising hers made her pu**y wet with want. Anna forced her mind to stay on track. Getting aroused while talking to an ex-girlfriend wouldn't do.

She was pulled out of her thoughts as she watched Laura and Dean Riley enter the house. Laura had been a comforting support to her in the early stages of her parents' death. There were only a few years that separated them.

Laura went straight to her and hugged her. Dean hovered behind. "I'm so pleased you came back."

"Thanks. I am, too. I think." Anna hugged the other woman and closed her eyes. A deep sense of belonging overcame her.

"I can't stay long. Peter is caring for the little monster and begged us to not leave him alone for too long," Laura said. Anna laughed thinking about the man being trapped with a young toddler.

"I'm so pleased you came." Anna kissed Dean on the cheek and smiled. Paul moved behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders in the same way Dean had to Laura.

"Hello, Riley."

"Are you really going to get all possessive on me, Steer?"

Anna and Laura watched the interaction between the two men and giggled.

"Come on. Let them catch up while you and I talk." Laura took her hand and Anna led her to the quiet of the kitchen.

"Are you sure we should leave them together. They looked all mean at each other?" Anna asked.

"Leave them to it. Dean won't do anything. I asked him not to. So, how are you?"

"I'm fine."

Laura raised a brow, a little disbelieving.

"Okay, I'm nervous. I haven't been here for three years, and I sense a difference. Paul doesn't like me being left alone with men. David is fun still, but he holds himself back. It's all different from when I was younger," she said.

"Isn't that going to be the case? You're a woman now."

Anna smiled. "Yes. Can I tell you something, and you won't criticise me?"

"Do you even know who I am? I'm the slut who stole Dean Riley and seduced him. It doesn't matter that I married him and have his child. I wouldn't dream of being anything but supportive."

"I'm in love with David..."

Before she could finish Laura interrupted her. "Great. How does David feel?"

A blush stained her cheeks as she recalled being in his arms. The dominance of his lips on hers.

"It's not just David," Anna said and let her words sink in.

"Oh."

Anna licked her lips and glanced at the other woman. "Do you think worse of me?"

"No. I don't. Strange, isn't it? You'd think I'd be ranting and raving and calling you all sorts of names. Look, Anna, I'm a firm believer in going after what you want, providing it won't hurt anyone in the process. If you love David and Paul, then go for it. I'll still be your friend."

Anna was grateful. Having Laura around made her happy. It wasn't only Paul and David she'd missed; it was Laura as well.

They stayed in the kitchen and talked some before Dean found them.

"Sorry to bust up your reunion, but Peter is begging for us to get home. It would seem he can't handle a little toddler."

Anna smiled and went with them to show them out. Paul was nowhere to be seen. As the night wore on she didn't see much of Paul and David. Actually, she didn't even know if David had come in from the cold. Her friends hadn't changed in the three years since she'd last seen them. In fact she was surprised by how childish they were.

Paul walked past, and she couldn't stop the yearning inside. When would they have two minutes alone to be able to talk? The girls she was standing with stopped their conversation to admire his ass.

"I would love to try that guy out. I bet he is hung and knows how to use it," her friend Daisy said as Paul walked past. Daisy had a bit of a reputation when it came to men. Anna didn't like the way the other woman was eyeing up her man. "But from what I hear you take on both of the brothers."

Anne was shocked the second time that night as a deep spike of jealousy overcame her. Paul was hers. David and Paul were both hers, and none of the women, or girls pretending to be women, should be looking at her men. No way should they be assessing their bedding value. Even if Anna did agree with the assessment.

"Excuse me?" she asked, the possession clear in her tone.

All the other girls and a couple of the boys looked over at her. Henry had left the part a while ago. As soon as Paul and David had joined the party, he'd been gone. Anna didn't blame him. With the way they'd treated him last time she understood his need to leave.

"Come on, Anna, you must know these two boys are bad for a girl," Daisy said, as if that explained it.

"I live with these two men."

Maybe not for the last three years, but that didn't count.

The others in the group looked like they were trying to find an escape route.

"Yeah, and you should know some of their history by now. I mean the whole town knows about it. I bet you're one of their playthings if not the woman they're preparing to make their wife." Daisy sneered, her true colours finally coming through.

Putting her bottle of beer down, Anna, who was much shorter than Daisy, went toe to toe with the other girl. They may have been friends, but time had clearly changed the other girl; and Anna knew she was different. Bad-mouthing people wasn't acceptable. "What the hell are you trying to say?"

The room around them went silent.

"Oh come on, you know the Steer men share their women. It's been happening for generations. What, you think because times change their traditions don't change? You're just another Steer whore. My mum says you're nothing better than the gutter."

Anna went to retaliate. She got as far as raising her fist, but Paul intercepted holding her steady in his arms. She couldn't understand where her reaction had come from. Protecting her men had been her primary goal.

"Daisy? Tracy McAllister's daughter?" Paul asked the girl. Anna saw Daisy blush and retreat behind her shell.

"Yes," she mumbled. Anna wished she could feel sorry for her, but Daisy had shown her true colours; and Anna felt nothing but spite for her.

"Send my regards, and get out of my house, all of you, out." Anna stood in the protection of his arms as each of the guests made their way out of his house. Anna looked at the floor, saddened and mortified that her birthday had gone so disastrous. Daisy had once been a friend, and she was only saying the truth. Why had she responded like that? Because David and Paul were her men, and even if they didn't want her, she knew she wanted them.

A few people stopped to offer their apologies and shake hands, the few who obviously accepted their way of life.

After around ten minutes, Anna remained in his arms, her heavy breathing the only sound to be heard. Everyone was gone. Her birthday had lasted a few short hours.

"I'm sorry about that, angel," he whispered against her neck, his lips running along the smooth curve. Her stomach tightened, and her pu**y pulsed as the contact at her neck zoomed southwards. She didn't have a clue how the heat from his breath could affect the way she felt deep inside. The desire to cross her legs was strong.

"Is it true?" she asked. Henry had only hit the surface of what actually went on with the Steer family. Could it be possible David and Paul intended to share a woman for a wife?Steer was a family name, rich, wealthy and well-to-do. How could the Steer men share their women in a town like CapeFalls? She knew they helped with businesses and that the name Steer was a great name to have behind you. Thinking about David and Paul she wondered what they'd done to make money. They'd always paid for her, and she'd never gone without money. Why hadn't she ever asked? It amazed her how little she knew about the men who'd taken care of her and whom she'd fallen in love with over a short period of time.

She heard him take a deep breath to speak, and before he could say anything, she interrupted.

"Please don't lie to me. I've just lost a load of friends over this," she said. Anna still had her back pressed against him.

"They weren't your friends," he said.

Thinking about it, Henry had been her only true friend throughout the whole of her growing up.

"It doesn't matter. Tonight will be filled with gossip, so the least you can do is tell me the truth." Walking past people while they whispered had never bothered her. After her parents died, she'd lived with everything CapeFalls residents had to offer. The strange looks because she didn't have anyone in the world along with living with two sexy, hot men. The moment she'd turned eighteen the sexy dreams involving all three had started. How she managed to act as a friend while at night her pu**y wept for the pleasure they could offer astounded her.

She watched as Paul paused before answering. The pause confirmed her suspicions that he considered lying to her to begin with. Could the truth be as bad as she thought? The only way the truth could be bad was if the rumours were lies. How she wanted to be their woman.

Anna tensed, waiting for the answer.

"Yes, it's true," he said, truthfully and honestly.

Most girls, Anna was sure, would go running for the hills. At the very least they would be horrified at the thought of one woman sharing more than one man. Anna had seen their family tree and had noticed at one time four boys had been born. One woman and four men was a thing of dreams. She was happy with her two. For Anna, the fire inside her began to build. Thoughts of her, Paul and David together were so powerful she had to press a hand to her stomach to try and control her rioting thoughts. Being sandwiched between a large muscle bound dark haired Paul and, with the same muscles going on but with a lighter colouring, David. Either man at the front or back. She felt like all of her Christmases had been rolled into one.

"Do you and David have anyone in mind?" she asked.

Pick me. Pick me. Pick me.

"Anna, don't ask me that question." His hands moved down her shoulders and arms. His touch soothed the turmoil inside her.

"Do I know her?"

"Yes," she heard him whisper. Closing her eyes and sending a little prayer for her to be the woman they wanted, she turned in his arms. Paul stopped her and spun her back resting her against him. Didn't he want to see her face?

"Why can't I see you?" she asked.

"I don't want to screw this up, angel."

"How can you screw this up unless it's someone else you want?"

"Baby, you don't know what you're saying."

She must be some kind of slut. Being with two men shouldn't send a thrill through her body. Only sluts felt this way. Or at least the town would have every woman believing those horrible lies. All Anna knew for sure was that she wasn't repulsed by the thought of being shared by these two men. For the first time she would belong to someone, not just to one man but two. Anna gasped as Paul rested his hand on top of hers where it lay on her stomach.

"You hate me," she whispered staring straight ahead.

"No, I've never hated you Anna," he said as his thumb ran circles over her knuckles, running up her arm and back again.

Her heart lifted as the door opened, and David walked into the room. He glanced around at the empty space, and Anna watched as his eyes widened when he took in the two of them standing their embracing.

"Where is everyone?" he asked.

Paul stopped his movements on her arm, but he didn't move away.

"They left," he said.

Every sound seemed to be vibrating to her pu**y.

"So what happens now?" David asked, folding his arms over his huge chest.

Anna had one thought in mind.

Chapter Six

What a loaded question. Paul watched his brother as he observed him with Anna. Smiling, Paul went back to moving his hand along her arm, and David's eyes followed the movement. How many times had his brother wanted the pleasure of touching Anna and knowing he was with their woman.

If they took the next step, Anna wouldn't be able to leave them again. There was no way they could survive without her.

"Anna asked me if all the rumours about us Steer men were true," he said to the younger man.

David's eyes shot up to his brother. "Seems like I missed some serious shit while I was outside."

Anna nodded, leaning her head back against Paul's shoulder, her body finally relaxing in his hold.

"Tracy McAllister's daughter, Daisy, was shooting her mouth off." The name had the desired effect. David and Paul had been warned about Tracy by their fathers. Paul Senior, the eldest of all the brothers, had warned Paul of her spite and her determination to see the Steer name, or more importantly the Steer women, pushed through the mud. CapeFalls had many faults, but the lead was how easily they listened to gossip. His mother had guts and attitude of steel and had cut the other woman down whenever she tried to get into her path. Anna was different. She was younger than their mother had been when she'd been picked as his father's wife. Anna didn't deserve to be on the receiving end of an older woman's spite and jealousy that had nothing to do with her.

"Why does she hate you guys?" Anna spoke for the first time since David had entered the room, and Paul noticed the way the sly f**ker moved closer. His brother wanted in on the action.

"She doesn't hate us, but she hates our fathers. They all turned her down. Said they didn't want her. This was before they chose mum," Paul said. David was preoccupied with trying to get closer and have Anna in his arms.

"Tell me why?" she asked, and Paul knew she wasn't talking about Daisy or Tracy but why the men shared.

David looked over her shoulder at Paul with a raised eyebrow. He wasn't the oldest brother for nothing. While David got to enjoy the fruits of his hard work, Paul had to be the one with all the answers.

"It's not a fairy tale, Anna. The sharing in the Steer family started many generations ago. The Steer name has always been powerful, but most lines continue with the birth of a son. I know it's an old custom, but it's one that has stayed with us and is involved in the inheritance. It is one of the conditions that has been passed down. A male heir must inherit the Steer inheritance. Not ideal in this day and age I know, but still it's fool-proof." Paul stopped when David cupped her cheek looking into her beautiful eyes. Paul wished he could be looking in her eyes as he told her his family history, but in truth he didn't know if he could hold his desire in check long enough to explain.

"You okay, babe?" David asked her.

Anna nodded.

"Anyway, one time twins were born to the line. The rumour or the prediction spoke of the two men were so alike in everything it wouldn't shock anyone if they were to fall in love with the same woman. Well, they both fell in love with the same woman, and it would have torn our family name apart. Since both couldn't have her, no one could. Susan Hamilton her name was, to be precise. It's in our personal family tree and diaries. She not only loved one brother, she loved both and came to the twins with an ultimatum or a solution. She would share the two men, and they would be hers forever." David leaned down and kissed her luscious lips, causing Paul to stop his tale. Her hand moved from beneath Paul's to respond to his brother. Paul held her stomach, circling the quivering flesh.

"You taste good," David moaned diving in for more. Paul moved his hand down her belly resting at the top just above her pubic bone. So close to touching her intimately. He wanted the dress out of the way. To be free to explore her flesh.

"Finish the story, Paul," she said.

"The twins after much arguing, agreed. She would marry the oldest in a civil ceremony, but they would both be married to her; and on the wedding night, both men would be present and share her body." Paul waited as he heard her gasp.

"How could one have been older, they were twins?" she asked.

"One still needed to come before the other." David answered that one with a smile on his face.

"Right, but you said share her body? Wouldn't that be incest?"

Paul looked at David and whispered into her ear. "It wouldn't be incest. They would be sharing her body, not each other. I wouldn't dream of touching this ugly mug. The only touching would be to you."

Anna laughed, sighing, as she leaned more heavily against him.

"Are you wanting me in the same way as those two men?" she asked. His c**k pulsed to life. She must be considering it if she was asking the question. Paul could see the same reaction with David. The other man looked ready to lose it.

"It wasn't just with the twins. They had a brilliant and good relationship. Since then the Steer men have shared their women. With the twins it was like our genetic make-up had been altered because since then, all the men have shared the same woman. No matter what happened. She shared their love, life and passion, no matter the number," Paul said. He'd often wondered about that. Whether it was some sort of change or if for the first time their desire for sharing their women had in fact been opened up and now couldn't be closed off. The only woman who hadn't been happy was the one who kept the diary. One woman out of generations. All had lived in CapeFalls.

Sharing had become a natural instinct rather than a compromise on an ultimatum.

"What about babies?"

Paul watched as David moved down her body. He glanced over her shoulder and saw her ni**les budding against her dress. The exposed top part of her chest was flushed red. She leaned more heavily against him. Paul held her weight, and her legs were partially open already accepting a space for David to move closer. The lucky bastard would be seated snug against her pu**y.

"With all of us together and of the same blood, it wouldn't matter. He or she would be a Steer and that was all that mattered," Paul whispered.

She sighed, almost as if the answer comforted her.

"What does this mean, Anna?" David asked her taking a step back. Paul would have done the same, but he imagined her collapsing into a crumpled heat on the floor. It would be ungentlemanly to allow her to fall. Plus, he liked supporting her weight. Such a slight little thing.

"What do you mean, David?" she asked. Suddenly she moved away from her position and left Paul and David standing alone. The space between all three was a good thing. At least that is what Paul was trying to convince himself of. He tried to calm his nerves. They were so close to having what they wanted. He was scared of saying the wrong thing and sending her off to another man's arms.

"Where does this leave all of us? Do you want me and Paul?" David asked. Paul wanted to kill him. Anna might be responsive to their touch, but from a simple look at her he knew it wouldn't be long until she ran from them.

"David," Paul said.

"No. I want to know. Three years ago you were a dick and sent her away. I've had to live with the odd letter or a brief phone call to get me through. I'm not doing this half cocked. I want to know what this means. Do you want us the way we want you?" David asked.

Paul glanced at Anna. His brother was right. Now was the time to act. Not later. Because of his own issues he'd lost them three years. Their time was now.

"I'm with him, honey. Do you want us?" Paul asked.

Now that was the million-pound question.

Chapter Seven

Anna moved away from the two men hoping to clear her head and waiting for the reaction she'd imagined any other woman should feel.

Revulsion, where are you?

Shaking her head against her own insane voice she moved to the drink cabinet and poured herself a healthy shot of strong potent whisky. With her back to the men, she swallowed the small amount of liquid, enjoying the burn as it slid down her throat. In the space of about thirty minutes her whole dreams were coming true. For the past few years she wondered how she would be able to cope with her conflicting feelings with these two men. What was she going to do? How would she tell them? And now they were telling her that sharing one woman had been in their family for generations.

Her friends' departure didn't bother her. If they were true friends it wouldn't matter what she did with her love life. They would stick by her. If anything, this showed her friends from her enemies, and being with these two men would create the fine line with friendship. She knew and understood it. They were the catch of the town. Rich - even though the money didn't faze her, to some it would mean the best thing in the world. They were both hot, sexy, and every woman's wet dream. They were built, boy, were they built. They might sit behind desks all day, but they sure made up for it in the gym. She'd sat with popcorn and fizzy pop and watched the brothers work out before. There was something about watching rippling muscles, heavy with sweat through strenuous workouts.

She'd masturbated at the thoughts of these two men. At college she'd bought a book to help her learn more about her body. Masturbating had become a new-found pleasure. If Paul had desired her - and it seemed like he did when she'd been eighteen - the cursing and the change in attitude made sense. He wouldn't want to pressure her into a relationship with him. Even then he was protecting her from the outside world and from herself. If he'd shown any signs of wanting her in a more basic "I want to f**k you now" kind of way, she would have taken it no questions asked. After all, she might be a woman, but she still had needs.

This situation was easy to answer in her mind. She wanted to be with these men for more than just a quick lay. She wanted the forever, and she knew they were offering that. Once it started, this path of being together in a menage would be it. After losing her parents at the age of sixteen and never having anyone else in the world to own her, she really wanted to be part of a big family. To have lots of children to devote as much of her time to as possible.

"What would happen?" she asked.

She kept her eyes straight ahead, not looking at either man. Being near them messed with her head, and she needed to keep her distance.

"If you accepted being with us?" Paul asked her first with a question of his own.

"Yes," she said.

"Well, you'd marry me, but we'd have a second ring made for you and David, and within this house you'd be both of ours. No questions asked."

"What about at night? Who would I share a bed with?" Anna turned around then and took in the two men. They were so alike in characteristics but so different in looks. Paul was the taller of the two and darker, while David, even though he was taller than she, was slightly shorter than Paul and lighter in colouring. The good and the bad. Anna shivered wondering who would be a bad boy in the bedroom department.

"Whoever you wanted to at night. Me or David, both or on your own. It would be up to you," Paul said. Everything they'd spoken about was for her to make her own decisions. With her heart racing and her body on fire Anna moved toward the two men. She stood before Paul looking at him. She saw his desire and hesitation.

"Kiss me," she said.

He blinked, his eyes moving from her lips back to her eyes.

"Excuse me?" He was always so polite even when she wanted him to grab hold of her and kiss the living daylights out of her.

"Kiss me. David has kissed me. I want to feel your lips against mine," she said, honestly. Paul glanced at David, but Anna was having none of it. "No, Paul. I want you to kiss me and mean it."

Anna knew the challenge she was setting down, and she didn't care. She'd had enough of the cryptic. She wanted these two men, more than anything she'd ever wanted in her short life. Now was the moment to take what she wanted and to show them she could be their woman. Three years had been lost. She wasn't prepared to lose another second. Forgiving Paul wouldn't be a problem.

She loved the idea of being possessed by them, of belonging to two men. After the death of her parents she'd never felt safer and more protected than when she'd been with David and Paul. To have two men and to know there would never be another day where she'd be alone was amazing. While at college she'd lived alone. When the weather changed and thunder and lightening struck, she couldn't go to any bed but her own. Anna didn't want to be alone anymore. Her heart lay with these two men. Whether they were brothers or not she knew in her heart this is where she wanted to stay. With that thought in mind, it drove her to take his hands in hers to cup her cheeks. To move within the comfort of Paul's arms.

"Are you sure about this?" Paul asked her one final time as his thumb ran across her full bottom lip. Flicking her tongue out, she licked the tip of his thumb. Her eyes dilated as the taste of him erupted on her tongue.

"I've never been more sure of anything. Kiss me, Paul. Touch me," she begged.

He tilted her head back and swooped down taking her lips under his. The touch was not calm or gentle. It was a full onslaught of passion invading her mouth and her senses. Anna opened up to his kisses and his tongue as it thrust inside her mouth. Moaning as he took charge, holding her as his lust took over, she was nothing but a slave to his passion.

Their moans mingled in the air as Anna froze when a pair of hands moved her hair out of the way and lips grazed the column of her neck. Opening her eyes she stared at Paul, asking him the questions her lips couldn't form.

"This is what we want Anna, both of us, together," he said as his palm moved from her face down her clothing until his large hand was stroking her breast. Anna cried out. David bit down on her shoulder. The sensation echoed through her body like lightening going from her neck to her nipple, shooting through to her cl*t between her legs.

She moaned but didn't pull away. Her hand curved behind her holding David in place touching her while her fingers curled in Paul's shirt. She pulled him against her taking the kiss she craved.

Anna cried out when the strap of her dress was moved down past her shoulder along her arm until her left breast was exposed to their viewing pleasure and the warm air.

"You look so beautiful," Paul whispered moments before his lips went on the move. He went from her cheek down past her neck where he hovered above her budding breast.

"Now or never, Anna. Your choice." Paul gave her the option to retreat. How could she deny these men, her men, everything she'd only ever wanted herself? She loved these two who'd taken her in when her parents had died. They might care for her and never feel love for her, but she could love the two men and that would be enough.

"Now, please, suck my nipple," she said. David moved the other strap off her shoulder.

Paul placed his hands on her waist. His tongue circled the tight red bud, sucking the tip into his mouth. Without her two men holding her she would have sunk to the floor as her knees turned to jelly, and her nipple was the epicentre of all her pleasure. She was a burning mass of heat, a roller coaster ride of pure unadulterated bliss.

"Oh my God." She gasped as David teased her other nipple with his fingers. Everywhere on her body, their hands seemed to be wreaking havoc with her mind and body.

"You taste like vanilla," Paul told her when he came up, and the next moment hands were on her thighs pulling up her short dress. Anna held her breath. She waited to see what would happen next as a hand moved to her simple cotton panties covering her mound. With four hands on her she didn't know who was where. She gasped when a male finger traced the outline of her slit. She knew how wet she was. She could feel her juice wetting the fabric of her panties. Never before in her life had she been so turned on. They hadn't properly touched her, and she was close to cl**axing.

"You're already lovely and wet, sweet Anna," Paul said, nibbling her neck where her pulse was threatening to escape her throat. "Do you want us, Anna?"

She loved how he referred to both men. She wanted both men, and every time he talked about them together it made these feelings she had, easier to handle.

Nothing like thinking she was a whore or a slut in this moment and ruining the mood. She wouldn't be able to do this for any other man. This was David and Paul, and she'd loved them for the longest time.

"Yes, I've always wanted you," she admitted as the finger went from pressing against her to moving the panties out of the way. For the first time she had skin to skin contact on her pu**y. Not her own touch but the touch of the men she loved. She cried out. The invading finger made direct contact on her swollen unused clit.

"Easy, baby," David muttered at her ear. His hands holding her with her back pressed to the front of his body, his arousal was hard to ignore as it pulsed at the base of her back where his c**k lay.

"So hot and wet. She's burning my fingers, David." She heard the wonder in Paul's voice, and pride went through her as he enjoyed her body.

"Anna, honey, are you a virgin?" Paul asked her pulling her out of her arousal as the question permeated her brain.

"What?" she asked.

"Have you had a man before?"

Would he stop if she hadn't? No other man had appealed to her, not like these two. Should she lie? Anna couldn't bear the thought of them stopping. Her body was alight and all because of the magic they wielded.

She shook her head. "No, I've never had a man before," she told him honestly. She would go into this relationship with trust and absolute honesty.

Anna watched as Paul gazed at David and then back at her.

Was this the moment where they left her alone and unsatisfied? Kick her out of their home for good?

"Bedroom," Paul growled moving away to follow.

"What? Why?" Anna asked confused.

"I'm not taking you on your first time in the sitting room. Your first time should be in bed. My bed," he said.

Anna wasn't going to argue.

Chapter Eight

David carried the love of his life up the long flight of stairs. At times like these he cursed the large house and his family's wealth. Without the money they'd be in a simple house, and he wouldn't have to be impatient to get her to bed. He'd be in a bedroom already with a flat surface. Her arm held onto his neck as he carried her up the two flights of stairs. He kicked the door open at Paul's room. The master bedroom had housed so many generations of mothers and fathers that David felt a great wave of peace overcome him.

Anna was their woman. The one they could share and love for the rest of their lives. Placing her on the floor and only letting go when he was sure she was safe and could hold herself up. He began to remove the little amount of clothings she still had on, the small white panties and the dress resting on her full hips. He liked the weight she'd put on. No longer did she have the body of a young girl. The woman in his bed was pure woman. David couldn't wait to sink his c**k so deep inside her. To show her with his body how he intended to care for her for the rest of his life.

Her eyes widened. Paul and David joined her. As Paul entered he was kicking off his trousers. Following his brother, David removed his own clothes and joined Paul and Anna on the bed. Paul was on her left, and David lay across along her right side.

"You're so big," she said. David kissed the top of her head, knowing the little minx had looked down. Knowing he and Paul would be her first and only lovers was exciting and terrifying. David didn't know about Paul, but he'd never taken a woman's virginity. He'd heard a woman's first time could be painful. How could they give Anna pleasure when they had to cause her pain to begin with?

Seeing pain on Anna's face would be worse than death, especially knowing they would be the cause of her pain.

The only way to get through this first joining would be to take her really slow and introduce her to the art of lovemaking for the first time.

"You're so beautiful," David told her as he kissed her, his hand cupping a na**d breast. She moaned at his touch.

"You're both beautiful to me." She moaned again. His lips replaced his hand.

Her nails sank into the thick hair on his head.

"I'm going to touch you everywhere," David said. Paul would know what to do. His brother held both of her hands in one of his as David moved down her body. Kissing her lips and along her neck. Down her chest. A tight red nipple pointed toward the ceiling. His mouth watered, and he nipped the tip. Anna went wild beneath his hand.

"What are you doing to me?" she asked. Her eyes seemed not to know whether to open or close. David chuckled and attended to her other nipple before moving down her body, kissing every inch of skin he could find. At her belly, he nuzzled her flesh, loving the rounded curves. No bones protruded, and his c**k leaked more pr**cum. Her body was perfect. His hands spanned her waist as he moved her to the edge of the bed, pushing her down to sit on the edge.

"You're our woman," Paul said to her.

David's c**k responded to the words. It went from his heart to his dick. To be one of her men and to be loved by her would be the greatest gift he'd ever received.

David didn't know if Anna loved them, and he guessed in the morning and with time she'd either hate them or see them as friends. In his heart he craved her love as he knew Paul felt the same. Even if the older man had a strange way of showing it.

"Always."

Pressing a hand to her chest, lightly pushing her back on the bed. "Relax, trust us," David said. When she was fully laid on the bed, he opened her legs wide looking at her sweet slit.

He moaned as he saw how aroused she was at being with them. He ran his hands up the inside of her thighs, getting her accustomed to his touch and calming her tightened nerves. He waited until she slowly began to loosen up. Opening wide, her legs relaxed against him. Starting at her knee he kissed, lathered and sucked at her flesh, moving from one leg up before starting on the second leg and moving up. He saw Paul move on the bed and caress her br**sts and ni**les. David gave her attention down below. Only when she was shaking and quivering with need did David touch her sweet place at the apex of her thighs. His tongue pressed on her swollen clit, peeking out of its hood. Her womanly scent invaded his senses. He groaned, becoming instantly addicted to her sweet taste.

David still ran his hands up and down her legs as he tasted her. She screamed when he made a rhythm moving up and down her slit using her juice as lubricant. He teased her entrance with the brush of his tongue. The warm channel they would own all for themselves. Her legs shook. He rested them over his shoulders, teasing her with his lips and tongue, never penetrating but drawing out her release. Bringing her to the point of release before moving away and denying her. Using the pressure of his teeth, he grazed the swollen nub.

"Please, please," she begged over and over again. Paul sucked her ni**les, teasing the tips the same way David was teasing her womanhood.

"Let her come," Paul said, and David assaulted her clit, flicking, licking and sucking until she bulked off the bed. Paul kept her in one place, absorbing her screams by kissing the hell out of her. David licked her clean as she moaned and shuddered underneath him. He went to the bed and lay on the opposite side of Paul once he'd brought her down from her peak slowly. A nice rosy flush covered her skin giving her a radiant glow.

"Hey," she whispered. A shaking hand brushed his face.

"You taste beautiful," he said. His tongue licked his lips where her taste lingered.

Anna chuckled. "I bet you say that to all the girls."

Paul stopped his ministrations, and David saw the anger on his face.

"Never. We don't tell women false facts."

David couldn't have agreed more.

"But surely you've said the words before?" Anna said.

David took her face in his hands and kissed her on the lips, swiping his tongue inside her mouth. "No woman was meant to be ours. You're our woman, Anna, and that makes you special to us."

He distracted her with his kisses. Paul kissed down her body. Both men loving her the only way they could.

"I won't survive this night," she gasped.

David laughed, biting the side of her breast. "You'll survive and crave more." He promised her.

****

Anna didn't know which way was up or down. Paul and David were invading her senses with every touch. Hands, tongues were everywhere. No part of her body was left untouched.

She was their woman. Anna couldn't help but be giddy at the thought. It was not a confession of love, but belonging to them was just as good. A stamp of ownership.

"Mark me," she asked David where he was kissing her neck. She would wear his mark with pride.

David didn't question her, and his mouth sucked in her skin. Anna arched up while Paul ran a finger through her dripping slit.

"I want to f**k you, Anna," he said.

David came up for breath and looked in her eyes. "Are you ready for this? We can wait." Her heart melted at his concern.

"I want to. I'll always want you." She kissed David trying to reassure him of her intentions.

"I'm warning you now, Anna. I'm not wearing a condom. I want to feel you bare against my cock," Paul said. He stood at the end of the bed palming his stiff cock.

"What about pregnancy? I'm not on the pill. I'll get pregnant." Anna loved children and bearing their child would be amazing, but she couldn't do it alone. The thought of raising a child scared the hell out of her.

"Would that be a bad thing?" Paul asked.

Anna retreated from them, pulling out of their touch and lying at the top of the bed. She folded her arms over her exposed br**sts, stopping them from seeing her.

"Baby, what's the matter?" David approached, but she held him off with a hand in the air.

"I'm not some breeding machine or a one-night stand. I don't want to be used and flung aside for the next woman you want," Anna said.

Paul took the other side of her but stayed back giving her some room.

"You're our woman, Anna. We'd never leave you alone. When you're pregnant with our baby, we'll raise our son or daughter together as the family we are," Paul said.

Tears welled in her eyes as hope bloomed in her chest.

Now was the best time. "I love both of you," she whispered the words, but she knew they heard her. The frozen stillness of the room could hear a pin drop.

They were like statues. Naked and beautiful for her to see.

The silence seemed to go on forever until they fell on her. Each one trapped her against their body until she was sandwiched between two hard masculine chests.

They weren't screaming or running in the opposite direction, which must be a good thing.

"We love you, too, baby," the words were whispered in each ear. Paul on one side and David on the other. Anna couldn't believe her ears. She refused to believe something so wonderful could happen to her.

"Are you sure?" she asked. There was no way these two men could want and love her. Paul with his dark masculinity and almost fierce persona and David with his happy-go-lucky attitude but still with the essence of seriousness underneath.

"I've loved you my whole life, and that love has changed and developed over the years. Anna, you mean everything to me." David confessed his true feelings.

Without any problem she circled her arms round his neck and attacked his mouth with her hungry lips. For once in her life she didn't know what to say or what to do. She acted instead and poured all of her feelings into her kiss.

Saying what words couldn't say.

Paul took her hand and turned her on the bed until she faced him. "I know I've been a bastard to you, but I've wanted you since you turned eighteen. I know it was wrong, but I've loved you every day, and that is never going to stop." Paul brushed his lips against hers but didn't take over. She knew he had more to say, and she was going to listen. Her heart pounded in her chest, and her eyes danced with tears. But this was important to hear. "I'm sorry I treated you the way I did, but I felt if I didn't push you away I would get on my knees and beg you to be our woman; and I know this is hard to deal with. I've read the diaries of one of the Steer women, and their words spoke the fears and concerns of being a woman of many men. I wanted you to chose, to decide to be with us, but I've always loved you."

The tears were flowing, and Anna circled her hands around his neck and loved him. She was the luckiest woman in the world. Not just one but two men wanted her, loved and desired her.

"Make love to me," she whispered. "Everything else can wait, but both of you make love to me." Anna reached behind her and pulled David close.

They laid her down on the bed, David free to touch and help her through the next few minutes. Paul settled between her legs. Anna looked down and watched as he tunnelled his large c**k through her juice coating himself.

"Why are you doing that?" she asked.

"I'm making sure I'm well lubricated. I don't want to hurt you." He came over her and gazed into her eyes. Anna saw love reflecting back at her.

"Are you ready?"

Chapter Nine

Paul gazed into her eyes and saw love for him shining back. His heart constricted in his chest, for the love he had for this woman consumed him. He couldn't believe she was going to be their woman. He would have to pinch himself later to make sure he wasn't dreaming.

"Are you ready?" he asked, and her smile punched him in the gut. He would never deny her anything. She owned his heart and soul, and he would make sure for the rest of his life she was loved and protected and never went without anything.

"I've never been more ready for anything."

Paul positioned his shaft at her entrance and slowly eased into her tight chambers. He gritted his teeth and pleaded with David to help her. Anna lay tense beneath him, and it would hurt her more if she didn't relax.

David whispered sweet nothings into her ear, and Paul heard the words of love and longing and was pleased and grateful to the younger man when finally she slowly began to relax. With his hands on her h*ps Paul drove all the way inside her virgin pu**y, claiming her for their woman. The Steer brothers' woman.

She screamed, but David loved her mouth and stroked her ni**les teasing her back into arousal. Paul stayed still inside her pulsing walls. She became accustomed to his touch.

"Are you all right?" he asked after a moment.

Her eyes were dilated, and she looked at him with hunger in her eyes. "Please make love to me, Paul."

She turned to David and asked him the same question.

"I am loving you," said David.

"I may be innocent - well no more - but I know there are more ways to love a man, and I want to learn." Paul watched her hand cupping his brother's shaft, working the hard c**k in her hand.

"Really?" he asked.

She nodded. "I want to taste you the way you tasted me."

They would be connected as one. Paul waited while David got into position. The other man looked unsure, but when Anna smiled reassuringly at him he was like Paul. Putty in her hand.

Paul couldn't take his eyes away as her little tongue danced along his brother's cock. Watching her lips take him all the way to the back of her throat was driving Paul insane. Her h*ps moved against him voicing her complaint at being left alone. Chuckling, Paul took her legs and moved slowly inside her. Not fast or hard but slow loving movements. Her wetness surrounded him, and he could feel her greedy vessel squeezing him like a vise around his cock.

David sank his c**k between her lips as she moaned out loud, her h*ps moving with speed, begging her to take him deeper.

What the lady wanted, she would receive.

He drove into her, faster and harder.

Anna screamed around the c**k in her mouth. Paul was pushing all of himself inside her at the same time David took her mouth. This was what it was like to be owned, she thought. His unique taste exploded against her tongue as droplets of his pr**cum escaped his slit.

She moaned, enjoying the taste.

Within moments they became a mass of sensation as the build to a cl**ax began. Paul stroked her and f**ked her while David loved her mouth. They were connected, and Anna could feel the love she already felt for these two men growing with every passing second. Anna cried out when her cl**ax overtook her, screaming around each man as they growled in mutual satisfaction.

David pushed between her lips, and she got her first taste and sensation of his se**n which she swallowed as much of him as she could.

Paul collapsed to the side of her, but his seed was inside her body. Instead of being scared she had this wave of calm come over her, something she'd never experienced before in her life.

David pulled out and lay next to her panting.

The sounds in the room were filled by their heavy breathing. Anna released a sigh of contentment, never before understanding the perfect form of love making. She wanted to do it again, but at that moment she fell asleep between her two men.

****

David saw Anna was asleep, and he pecked her affectionately on the nose smiling when she moved to snuggle more firmly against him.

"She'll keep us on our toes," Paul said smiling down at the woman they loved.

"I had no idea she felt this way about us," David said to the other man.

"She's a special woman."

He'd always known she was. "She'll need to be protected from all the nasty gossip and back-lash that is now bound to occur."

Paul cursed after his brother spoke. "Tracy and her daughter are little vipers and always will be. Anna doesn't deserve any of it."

David wasn't going to argue, but for as many people who didn't mind the Steer ways, there were just as many men and women who despised how they got away with their polyandrous ways.

Polyandry. One simple word could put such a nasty connotation towards it.

"We'll deal with the townsfolk. They'll go crazy if they thought their funding would be cut," Paul said. David hated using blackmail and money to get their way, but the unfortunate thing about money was it did work. People didn't think they'd miss it when it was gone, but the moment it was, or funding was cut, they would suddenly be begging for the money they once mocked.

"All our dreams are coming true," Paul said.

David nodded in agreement. They were thirty and had believed they would never find a woman who would willingly love and have both of them in her bed. He played with a strand of Anna's hair.

"Tomorrow I want to show her something, and I want you to be there to read it as well," Paul said, stroking her stomach.

"Does this have anything to do with your treatment of our wife to be?"

"Some, but not all. She's so young, David, and I don't want her regretting any decision to stay with us. I love her so much."

"Yeah. She's going to keep us hard all right. I think we'll be in for a few surprises along the way," he said. Telling his brother about the BDSM stuff wasn't his place. He couldn't wait to see the look on his face when they told him.

David really believed that, and he looked down and Anna. Did she know the love they held for her? How much she belonged to them?

David yearned to make her part of their lives as soon and as quickly as possible.

He wondered what she would look like pregnant and swelling with their child. His hand moved from her hair to cup her face and stare at her. She truly was an amazingly beautiful woman. Paul had fallen asleep with his hand spanning her waist and his face pressed into the nape of neck. Tonight had been a revelation of large proportions. He hadn't anticipated the outcome of finally being in her bed.

"I'll love you for the rest of my life. I always have and always will." David laid a kiss on her lips and curved against her, holding her, joining both Paul and Anna in the land of dreams.

Chapter Ten

Anna woke early the next morning, stretching out the aches within her body. She moaned and encountered two very muscular and very warm male chests. She glanced up at the face of one man to see he was already awake, and she turned her head to see the other man was indeed awake.

"Hey, sleeping beauty. How are you feeling this morning?" Paul asked.

Anna made a blatant display of stretching and moaning but didn't tell them where her pains were the most. In truth her aches and the slight pain were nothing compared to her need to be f**ked. She recognised the feeling and welcomed the rush between her legs when a hand walked up the inside of her thigh until fingers were massaging her clit.

"That feels so good," she cried out. She knew she would have to stop them. She needed to use the ladies' room. It was the morning after all.

"Do you want more?" David whispered seconds before his lips engulfed a huge part of her breast. Hands on her tits and pu**y. A delightful way to wake up.

"This feels so damn good, but I've got to go to the bathroom. But once I come back we can take it back up where you left off?"

Their hands moved from her body, and each of her men helped her off the bed and to the bathroom. Their time, attention and devotion were highly addictive. The first thing she did when she entered the bathroom was giggle in the mirror. She looked well f**ked and happy. Two of the combinations she'd never felt before.

She went through her morning routine, taking about ten minutes. Then, with hair brushed and fresh mint flavoured breath, she opened the door. They stood on either end grooming themselves. Anna took a moment to just watch and drool and watch some more. They stood naked, and she could see they'd freshened up somewhere else. They glistened with water. She had the oddest urge to lick every drop of water from their bodies.

"I could get used to this," she said to draw their attention away and back to her.

They were at her side in an instant.

Each man greeted her with a kiss. She couldn't believe these two powerful men were all hers.

David and Paul touched her, and she touched them, hands and lips everywhere. In no time at all both men had her pressed up the wall. Paul was at her feet opening her legs wide, and he penetrated her with his tongue. David sucked and licked at her br**sts. Her hands were sunk in each mans hair urging them on. She opened her eyes in time to catch their reflection in the mirror opposite. The sight had her crashing into a shocking orgasm leaving her like jelly. She watched the scene in the mirror, turned on by the woman she saw and the love coming off the two men making her heart beat rapidly in her chest.

Paul stood and positioned himself between her legs. Anna yelped when he picked her easily bracing her against the wall and his chest. She watched his dick sink inside her body. Her head flung back with the explosion of pressure inside her. He was thick and hard, and he knew how to use it.

David stood close, taking one of her hands from around his brother's neck, and placing it over his erection, he guided her hand, showing her what he liked. The pressure and the speed of his strokes.

"Make me come, baby," he asked.

Paul pummelled hard and fast inside her, and she f**ked David. A trio of sensation. It was so bizarre as she wanted David to let go and cl**ax in her hand. She wanted to be the woman to bring him to an earth-shattering cl**ax with nothing but her hand.

The brothers worked her body together creating new heights of utter sensation. She exploded in a wave of heat as her pu**y tightened around the shaft impaling her causing Paul to ram inside her and growl in cl**ax. In her fist David thrust his hips, his c**k expanding in her hand, and she stroked him to completion.

Throughout the morning, they loved her like no other person had loved her before. Lavishing her with attention and their bodies and time. Each man taking turns, filling her head with wonderful dreams of the future. At around lunch time David went in search of some food, and Paul helped her into a robe, took her hand and asked for her time. She was An a wave of bliss but a little uncomfortable from working, both men having used her body for their pleasure as well as giving her pleasure; and her bones and muscles were starting to protest. Almost like he was attuned to her body, Paul picked her up and carried her to his study where he placed her gently on the sofa.

In a very secret agent style fashion he moved a picture from the wall that had hidden a locked safe. Intrigued Anna waited, wondering what he wanted her to see. Paul came back to her, and David walked in carrying a tray of food and tea.

Paul handed her a very old book. She looked at the cover and the title, running her hand over the precious literature.

"What's this?"

"This is a tale of one of the women who've been part of our family in the way David and I want to share you. This is why I pushed you away, and before we ask you anything. I want you to read that book."

Anna opened the book and noticed it was a diary immediately. She began to read each page one at a time. Some women had a wonderful written hand. She'd read several diaries over the years where the publishers had crafted their signature style perfectly. The woman who wrote this book showed the anger in her writing that was similar in her words. Anna struggled to make the words out. She sat for hours while the men went about their business. The diary was about one woman, Fanny, who displayed so many different emotions. The title would have deceived many women. This wasn't a tale about several of the Steer women. This was a tale about one woman's bitter experience.

She skipped some bits. She got the picture with the description of "rutting bastards using me at a moment's notice".

Anna had enough at around the hundredth page. She didn't need tales of women who had gone before. She didn't know the men of that time. She knew Paul and David, and she knew she loved them with all of her heart.

They sat, tense and waiting. Throwing the book on the sofa, she knelt at their feet taking each of their hands in one of hers.

"That book is the reason you were mean to me before I left?" she asked Paul.

He nodded.

"You should be ashamed of yourself. How dare you treat me like shit when reading something about a woman who's clearly bitter?"

"I'm sorry," he said and held her face in his hands. "I won't make the same mistake again."

She was disgusted with the waste of three years they could have had together. "I can't believe you did that. How could you base our relationship on one woman who clearly wasn't right?"

He hung his head. Anna wished she could feel sorry for him.

"Do you need this book for anything?" she asked.

"No."

"Good. I know the best way to get rid of trash like this." Anna left them, grabbed the book, and walked to the small fire burning in the hearth. Page by disgusting page of written word, she ripped them out of the book and tossed it into the fire.

"Anna, that was for you to read."

"I don't care, Paul. You held more stock in this than I did. I know what I want." Throwing the diary on top she turned back to face them. "And you owe me for wasting time. I think you should be punished by giving me pleasure," she said.

David burst out laughing, and Anna removed her clothing. The laughter stopped, and she stared at them, naked.

"What's so funny, Mister Steer?" she asked.

"Nothing."

"Good. Paul, come here." Anna didn't know where her confidence was coming from. Giving her virginity to the men she loved had been a good start.

The older brother stood and walked over to where she waited. As he closed in, he grew larger. She wanted them out of the clothes they wore. "Strip."

Paul stood over her, and she wasn't afraid. Three years and his bad attitude had been based on a book that wasn't even worth anything.

Oh, she was going to make him pay.

Forcing him to give her pleasure would be nice, but she rather liked the justice in withholding his release. David moved to a chair closer to see the action. Paul removed his clothes and stood before her naked.

She circled him, a hand moving around his middle as she did before stopping at his front.

"You've been very mean to me," she said with a pout.

"I'm sorry, but you can...." Anna stopped him with a finger to his lips. She rather liked being the temptress. Forbidding him to speak or say anything.

"I don't care about your reasons. I want you to think about the three years you've wasted when you could have been f**king me several times a day." Her pu**y grew slick with her arousal. The thought of being f**ked every day by David or Paul or both of them together was enough to bring her to her knees.

"That's a very nice thought," David said. She turned to look at him. His hand was wrapped around his c**k as he tunnelled it up and down.

She licked her lips and watched as he groaned from the action. Where had this temptress come?

It was like a side of her she hadn't known existed had been awakened. A sex monster stood in her place, and all she wanted was sex.

Leaning on her tip toes she pressed a kiss to his lips. "This is for us," she whispered for only him to hear.

She sank to her knees before him. A hiss escaped him.

"You're f**ked now, brother. She's got a sexy mouth," David said.

Smiling with pride, Anna gripped his shaft in her hand and felt the hard na**d heat of him. She ran her hand up and down, watching as the spurt of his liquid escaped the small slit at the head. Opening her lips she pressed the bulbous mushroom head into her mouth and slid it to the back of her throat, the glide leaving a trail of his seed along her tongue. She swallowed him down and licked around the length of his dick in her mouth.

Paul stared at her, and she felt his eyes all the way through to her soul. When his hands went to her hair, she swatted them away. No way would she be controlled when this was his punishment.

"Fuck, your mouth is good," Paul moaned.

Pulling all the way off, she replaced her lips with her hands, alternating between a fast and slow pace. When he gasped and grabbed the back of her head, shoving him further down her throat, Anna gagged and cupped his balls, threatening him to let go.

"Please, Anna. I need it," he begged.

"Then you'll think twice over treating me like shit over a musty old book." She slapped his hands and took him inside.

"Fuck. Anna, please. I've learnt my lesson."

Her head bobbed up and down, the saliva from her mouth coating his cock. Satisfied her torture was sufficient, she reached for his hands and placed them on the back of her head. He didn't need any second invitation. A fist full of her hair was pulled, and he shoved his c**k in her mouth.

"I'm going to come," he cried. Anna didn't ease up. She wanted to feel him splash the back of her throat. Every sense had been awakened since last night, and she wanted to experience every touch and taste.

One final pull on her hair and she felt the splash of his seed as he roared out his release. She swallowed him down. Her pu**y was on fire for some attention. When he released his hold she licked her lips and smiled. Paul collapsed on the nearest piece of furniture, a funny look in his eye.

"Are you happy with your punishment?" she asked, his taste still on her tongue.

He nodded his head.

One down. One to go. David sat in the chair, his gaze on her and her alone. "Are you going to punish me, too?"

"You didn't read that book. I know you didn't. Otherwise you'd have come and got me." She crawled on her hands and knees to him.

"I've been a good man," he said.

When she reached his legs, Anna stood before him.

"What would you like?" she asked.

"You're giving me the chance to pick what I want?"

"Yes."

He got up off his chair and pulled her against his body. "Get on your knees," he ordered.

Anna did as she was told, her arousal intensifying with every passing second. She didn't know how long she'd last. David moved behind her, his hand going between her thighs.

"Spread them wider. I want to see all this cream," he told her.

Opening her knees she positioned her body so she wouldn't fall over and spoil the moment.

"You're soaking wet. You loved sucking his cock, didn't you?"

She moaned, not replying vocally to his question.

Whack!

Anna yelped as his hand slapped her ass. The contact was unexpected, but it felt so good.

Whack.

He hit her ass, again and again. She wanted to tell him to stop, but it felt so good. Her ass stung, but it didn't hurt. The heat went straight to her pu**y.

"Yes. I love sucking his cock," she said.

"Good girl. I want a taste."

She felt his finger as it slid through her slit. One finger pressed inside her cunt. Biting her lip she tried not to push against him and sink his digit further inside her. He pulled away, and she heard him sucking the juice coating him.

Could the man become more sinful?

"You're ready for me."

A hand went to her hip as she imagined the other holding his c**k and guiding him to her entrance. He bumped her opening, the large tip lodging at the entrance of her pu**y. Both hands on her hips, she braced herself as with one smooth thrust, David seated himself inside her. The long length of his shaft hit the top of her cervix and made her gasp at the sensation of being filled.

"I want to feel you squeezing my cock. Come for me, Anna," he said. David leaned round and fingered her wet, swollen clit. Being filled up to the brim and having her cl*t tormented was a completely different sensation. Her knees burnt on the carpet. Her hands ached, but she loved the depth and control he exerted over her. There was no mistaking the person in control.

David had the power to give and deny her release.

He didn't pull out. Instead, he ground his hips, bumping deeper inside her, the full length hitting places she'd never known.

"You're so f**king tight," he growled.

Her men turned into animals, and she loved every second.

One of his hands held her hip as the other strummed her clit. Her cl**ax built inside her, startling her at the intensity as it crashed over her. She screamed, and unable to control her body's movements, she slammed back.

Both of his hands gripped her hips, and he f**ked her hard and fast. Each move was harder than before. He rammed inside, and she was powerless against the strength and force he used. Her pu**y tightened on him, and she wanted him to come.

He slammed inside her once more, and she felt his c**k pulse and the splash of his spunk as he cl**axed.

Unable to hold herself, her arms gave out, and she sank to the floor, her ass in the air. David didn't pull out straight away. He gave a gentle tap to her ass and pulled out. His arms surrounded her, and Paul joined them on the carpet.

"Thank you," they both whispered in each of her ears.

Anna didn't know what they were thanking her for. She was happy being with them.

Chapter Eleven

For the next week, Paul, David and Anna stayed together within the large house. None of them went into town, and no one stopped by. They knew the rumours would be in full swing. None of them cared. For once, all three were happy. Their time was spread among making love, f**king and watching movies on the big screen.

The three years she'd been away became insignificant in light of their time together. Paul laughed easily. When she was stood in the kitchen preparing dinner, he would join her. His touches were getting more frequent. A kiss on the lips or a squeeze of her butt. At first, after he'd taken her virginity, he had withdrawn into himself. Anna refused to let any of her men think their time together had been forced. Everything they had together was willing.

To prove to Paul she was more than willing, she had found him alone in his office. Locking the door, she'd gone to him in a leather coat and stiletto heels.

"Anna, what are you doing?" he asked.

Dropping the coat. Anna had climbed up on the desk. Naked and wet.

"I'm in need of some attention," she said.

After the afternoon she spent convincing him of her intentions, Paul had finally relented.

A week had passed since her birthday. Anna woke up surrounded by both of her men. It amazed her how Paul and David could touch her and never so much as graze past each other. They hadn't been wrong about her getting all the attention.

Turning to her left, Paul had his hand over her breast, his face toward her. He looked so peaceful in sleep. She'd kept them busy last night. All of her reading hadn't prepared her for the addiction she would feel toward sex. She couldn't get enough of it. Every touch and position was like a piece of candy to a spoilt child. She always wanted more. Turning her head the other way, David rested a hand over her stomach. Smiling, she saw his expression in sleep had grown serious.

Even as her life was becoming perfect, a small niggle of worry refused to leave her ever working brain. David and Paul had warned her against going into town alone. She refused to be forced to stay home.

Wriggling out from under their arms she went to the bathroom to do her morning duties and wash. While the brothers were asleep she had plans. Once she washed and changed into a pair of jeans and a shirt she left the bathroom.

With her gone between them, both men had turned away from the centre of the bed. Smiling, she wrote a quick note and left it on the stand where they could see it.

Leaving her men in bed, Anna ordered a taxi to take her to town. The journey was short, but she didn't mind. She had something she needed to do, and waiting for Paul and David wouldn't do.

People avoided her as she got out of the car. Ignoring their rudeness, she walked to the second-hand shop. The lights were on, and the door was closed. She tried the handle and found the door opened.

The bell tinkled.

"We're not open yet," Amy called out as she walked out of the back. "Oh. Hi, Anna."

Anna smiled and put her hands inside her pockets, her nerves eating at her.

"We're not open yet."

"I know. I wanted to come and see you," she said. Amy folded her arms. The movement rolled her sleeves up a little. A small round red burn was visible on her arm. "From the way you're being I guess the gossip has already done the rounds?" She stared at the burn. Looking at her old friend she couldn't believe how much had changed between them.

"You mean the gossip about you belonging to the Steer brothers? Not just one but two? Yes. That's done the rounds a lot since last week," Amy said.

Anna nodded. "So, from the way you say that, I guess I'm not invited inside your shop?" Anna turned to leave.

"What? You think I care what this town thinks? Honey, I was on the receiving end of that backlash not that long ago. Before me it was Laura. Haven't you seen a pattern yet?"

Anna spun back and looked at Amy. The other woman hadn't moved.

"I heard what happened?"

"Really?"

"No. I was told bits about what happened. I wanted to say sorry for not being here, Amy."

"Why? Before the shit happened with Steven we weren't friends. You lived your life, and I lived mine."

"That's what I'm talking about. We were friends at one time. I guess, I know my life is going to be different. Loving two men and living with them has just made an outcast of me. I figured you'd want a friend." She moved further into the room. "I'm not leaving anymore. CapeFalls is where I intend to stay, and I would very much like to be part of your life again."

A tear rolled down Amy's cheek. "You don't know how long I've wished someone would speak those words to me."

Anna wrapped her arms around the other woman. She'd found her friend and one who'd accept her relationship with Paul and David.

"I'm not going anywhere."

She stayed with Amy for the rest of the morning, only leaving when the shop became too busy and her presence was more of a hindrance than a help. The taxi was still waiting for her, and she got in, ignoring the whispers following her. It wouldn't be long until another scandal broke out, and the CapeFalls community could find someone else to talk about behind their back.

****

David rolled over and searched for Anna. He was hard and ready to sink his c**k into her. His hand hit a hard chest. Opening an eye he saw his brother rousing out of sleep.

"Ahh." He jumped out of bed and grabbed his shorts.

"What's your f**king problem?" Paul asked.

"You're my brother. Sorry, but, Paul, you're nothing but an ugly bastard to me. I wonder if Anna will elope with me." He stood and run his hand over his face trying to rub the sleep away.

"Don't even think about it," Paul said and got out of bed.

"Where is she?"

"Probably making breakfast."

David glanced at the clock. "No. She's not. It's eleven in the morning."

Paul jerked awake. David checked the bathroom and walked out to find a note on the side table.

"Gone to town. Don't worry. This is something I had to do. Love you, Anna. Kiss, kiss." He read the note out loud.

"Great. What happens if they target her and treat her badly? What are we supposed to do?" Paul growled.

"Calm down." David folded the note and left the room. The further he was away from his brother the better. When he got hold of Anna he was turning her ass red from leaving him in bed alone with his brother. Eww.

"You're telling me to calm down? Aren't you the least bit concerned about our woman alone with a shit town ahead of her?"

David put the kettle on and refused to dwell on the possibilities of everything that could happen to Anna.

"Answer me," Paul said.

Filling a cup with sugar, milk and coffee, David turned back to Paul. "She's a big girl. We've got to trust her. I love her, and I'm not going to ruin it by running after her when she clearly wants some time alone."

The kettle boiled, and he poured some into his cup. He sat down at the counter and nursed the brew while waiting for Anna to come back home.

"Where's mine?" Paul asked.

"In the kettle."

To a certain extent he understood the way Paul was feeling. However, Anna needed time and space. Being with two men could swamp most women. Paul paced the length of the kitchen, and David finished off three cups of coffee before they heard the sound of a car on the gravel. Both men charged for the front door.

They opened the door in time to see Anna paying the taxi and driving away.

"How worried have you guys been?" she asked walking up the stone steps.

"This one has been climbing the walls like a damn beast. I was calm and drank coffee. I missed you," David said and leaned down for a kiss.

"Um. I've never had a man climbing the walls for me. Did you miss me as well?" She turned to Paul.

Without a word spoke Paul grabbed her arms and pulled her against his body. David watched as his brother devoured her lips.

Minutes later Anna was in the front door with her back pressed against the wood. "You want me already?"

"We always want you."

David captured a hand and pinned it above her head. Paul tore the shirt from her body and unzipped her tight jeans. Inserting a hand into the denim he fingered her wet pu**y.

"Are you wet for us?" David asked.

"I'm always wet for you both."

David took one of her tits in his hand and bent down to circle the tip of her nipple. The red and swollen nub hardened against his tongue. Anna arched trying to get to both men. They had her trapped against the door.

"I think we need to punish her for leaving us this morning without waking us up," Paul said.

"Hold her release," David told him. Both men smiled at their victim.

"Evil bastards," she growled.

"Smart mouth. I think I know a better way of using it," David said.

"You know I love sucking cock."

Her words made his dick harden. He left her breast and cupped her cheek in his hand. "You're messing with the wrong man." He plunged down taking her lips under his own. She couldn't fight his possession. Paul had her jeans around her ankles.

"Move out of the way. I want to f**k her," said Paul. David pulled away but kept a hand on the one holding hers above her head.

Paul moved between her thighs, aligned his c**k and thrust inside her. Hard, deep and fast. David watched the reaction on her face, seeing the pleasure cross her face as his brother f**ked her. She bit her lip, and her tits bounced with every push. Releasing one of her hands David saw her reach down to her cunt and finger her tight little clit. He'd tasted her on his tongue and knew she'd be slick with her cum.

"Are you wet?" he asked.

"She's f**king tight and wet. The best pu**y I've f**ked," Paul said.

David couldn't agree more. She looked so f**king cute with the flush spreading all over her body. The need in her face. Her eyes begging for them not to stop.

Two hard thrusts later and Paul roared as his release overcame him. David couldn't take his eyes away. Anna closed her eyes, her legs tightening around Paul's waist. The hand he held squeezed, and he knew her cunt would be pulsing around Paul's cock. Her cum mixing with their seed. He wondered if they'd made her pregnant. They'd given her enough cum to try.

Paul helped her to her feet, and David unzipped his jeans, his c**k soaking with his own pr**cum. He was addicted to her lips wrapped around his shaft.

"You know what I want," he told her.

She went to her knees and held him over his hand. With his free one he put it on the top of her head and tilted her head to open her mouth.

David wanted to feed her his cock.

"Open for me."

Anna opened her lips, and he pressed his c**k inside her mouth. He hit the back of her throat and stared in amazement as her throat worked over the head to swallow him down. She worked his c**k like a lollipop, sucking and licking. Her moans vibrated all the way along his shaft. He moved his h*ps to help and groaned as her fingers played with his balls.

"Shit, Anna. I'm going to come if you keep doing that," he said.

She didn't let up and moved over his cock. He wouldn't last, and with a few more strokes his cries of pleasure echoed off the walls. David reached out and held onto the door for support. His knees were weak. Anna sat back on her heels smiling at him.

"You're wickedly sinful. How did you stay a virgin so long?" he asked.

"I was waiting for two very stubborn brothers to give me the time of day." She got up and kissed him on the lips. "Am I forgiven?"

Laughing, he glanced over at Paul. The other man looked smitten, and he knew she was going to get away with blue murder.

"I think you've satisfied us. As long as you tell us where you went?" he said.

"Great, but I really need some coffee."

She walked na**d into the kitchen, and like puppy dogs, David and Paul followed her.

A smile was on her lips. "I went to see Amy."

"What did she have to say?" Paul asked. David had told his brother about what happened with Amy.

"I asked if we could be friends, and before you ask, Amy was my friend in high school, and we lost touch when she married that loser. I can't believe he beat her. The bastard." She poured both brothers a cup of coffee, and they sat at the counter.

"Well one friend in the whole of CapeFalls population of about two thousand. That's not bad going," David said.

She laughed at his joke. "Don't forget Laura and Dean. We have our own undesirable group. Maybe we should form a band?"

They laughed and talked for several minutes until Paul spoke up. "Have you thought about what we're asking?"

Anna knew what he meant. She hadn't been able to stop thinking about anything else.

"Paul and David Steer." She cleared her voice. "Would you two gentlemen do the utmost honour of becoming my husbands?" Anna knew she'd shocked them. She didn't care. She loved these two men, and she was going to show them by being the first one to propose to them.

"Anna?"

"Anna?" They both spoke in unison, and she couldn't help but smile.

"I love you both and have for a long time. Please make me an honest woman for my two men and hopefully the bunch of children we're going to have."

Their answer didn't come in words but actions as they fell on her and showed her their answer, confirming that after today she would indeed belong to the Steer brothers.

Epilogue

A year had passed, and they were celebrating her birthday. Amy and her children had joined them by the pool. Paul and David had spent the entire afternoon splashing both children. Half way through, Dean and Laura had joined them, all of them laughing at the outcast party. Going into town had gotten easier. A new scandal had hit CapeFalls. A teacher and student had been caught in an affair.

The wedding ceremony had been a small affair. The priest married her to Paul, and in a small ceremony, Dean had read the words for her to be joined with David. For the first time, she was safe, loved and protected. She watched from the bedroom window as her men saw the last of the guests away.

The love she felt for Paul and David surprised her at times. There was a deep connection among all three. She heard the door go, and she turned as the door opened. Her heart stopped at the looks on their faces.

"What?" she asked.

"You look so beautiful. David and I have been waiting all day to give you a present ," Paul said.

"But you've both given me a present."

"This is something special," David said. As they approached her heart sped up. David began opening his shirt, and when she turned to Paul, he was unzipping his jeans. Her pu**y was soaking wet by the possibilities of what her men would do. Being with them meant everything to her. There was nothing she wouldn't do for both of them. She trusted them completely. Anna stood and waited for her men to do as they wanted. Whatever they had in mind would please her.

Paul reached her first. He pulled her into his arms. His scent engulfed her. The hard expanse of his chest pressed against her front, and she felt his c**k brush her stomach. "If at anytime you want us to stop then shout 'stop now'."

She nodded her head. "I love you," she whispered. He shivered, which brought a smile to her face. She loved the effect she had on her men. Something pulled on one of her hands where it lay around Paul's neck.

"There are more of us here wanting attention," David said.

"I've got plenty of love to share."

"Then give me a kiss."

Anna turned toward David. One hand rested on Paul's chest as her other went up to his head. She brought him down. "I've always got a kiss for you," she said before brushing her lips against his. David grabbed her head and pulled her closer, his hand fisting her hair, tilting her head back for him to plunge his tongue into her mouth.

Out of her two men, David was the more aggressive of the two. He broke contact with her lips, kissing a line up near her ear "No one can hear your moans and screams of pleasure but us," he said against her ear.

Paul lifted her dress from her body. She hadn't bothered with underwear. Her body was exposed for them to stare at. The cool air danced along her skin. "So f**king gorgeous," David said. Paul's hands cupped her br**sts

"Close your eyes, baby," David said.

She did as they asked. She wasn't frightened.

A pair of hands rubbed down her body. Then another joined. She didn't know who was who. She couldn't see. Her senses were all over the place from the pleasure of having two men paying her attention.

"We're going to f**k you hard, Anna. Your ass and cunt will be ours," Paul said.

"Yes. Please, yes."

A hard slap landed on her ass. Followed by another and another until her ass was on fire from the punishment. In her mind she knew it was David. He always loved giving her ass a good smack before and during sex. He seemed to have a fetish when it came to her butt. She didn't complain even as a yelp and a scream escaped her. Her cl*t pulsed, and she knew in the right light her cream would be glistening on the tops of her thighs. Her pu**y was so hot she felt she'd melt an ice cube within a second. Both men held her, and she got the distinct impression she was being moved around the room.

"Such gorgeous tits." It didn't matter who spoke. The pleasurable pain as Paul, it must be, sucked hard on her ni**les. The touch of his teeth made her legs turn to jelly. "I've got you. Open your eyes," David said. She looked down her body. Paul had his teeth on her ni**les, his tongue licking along the points.

"Please. More please."

"I think she wants a f**king, Paul."

A swat of his hand landed on her buttock. "I can't get enough of this ass. I can't wait to make it mine."

She wanted this. David and Paul always made her wet but never like this.

"I think we've teased her long enough. It's her birthday, and we should give the birthday girl her surprise. "

"Please, will one of you just f**k me?"

Something wet pressed against her anus. "Don't tense up. Relax. It's only my finger," David said. Anna turned to see, but she wasn't a flexible doll.

"I think we should get her more comfortable," Paul said. They helped her onto the centre of the bed. David lay at her back while Paul lay at her front. She knew who would be f**king her where.

Paul stared at her. She watched as he turned and heard the sound of a drawer opening. He handed David a condom. Frowning, she stared at both men. "We want you to be safe."

Her heart bloomed within her chest. Both men loved her. She knew how much they disliked the rubber between them.

Paul lifted one of her legs in his hands as David grabbed her hips. She was in the perfect position to be with the two men. The position would allow both men to penetrate her but not so deep as to hurt her.

She held on to Paul as David fingered her ass.

"I think I should be inside her first," Paul said.

"Yes. When I get inside her tight ass I won't be able to control myself."

Anna couldn't do anything but be placed where her men wanted her. Paul pressed his stiff shaft inside her dripping pu**y. She gripped him and let out a moan as he pushed all of his c**k inside her. His hands clenched into fists at his sides. "Still so f**king tight." Once he was seated at the hilt inside her he stared over her shoulder. "I'm in."

Very slowly David pressed the head of his c**k against her ass. "Don't tense up," he said against her ear.

The breath of his voice sent goose bumps along her flesh. She was so turned on there was no way she was going to tense up. He pressed his c**k against her tight entrance. There was a brief moment of pain as he pushed past the tight ring of muscles. His c**k was slick with the lubrication he'd been testing her with on his finger.

"I'm full," she said. Both men were deep inside her. The fit was tight but wasn't uncomfortable. Paul moved first, pulling out and then slowly dipping back in. As he moved in David did the same in her ass. She cried out from the double penetration.

They'd had sex at the same time but never with one in her pu**y and the other in her ass. The pleasure was so much more. She couldn't begin to describe it.

Each man held her and made love and f**ked her body in turn. They didn't hurt her. Everything was about enhancing her pleasure and making it more enjoyable.

Anna begged them to go faster, to f**k her hard and to make it sting and burn. David reached round and fingered her clit, bringing her to the peak with his fingers. Their bodies were shaking against her, and she knew they were fighting off their releases.

David flicked her clit, and she screamed as her men finally took her at her word. They f**ked her body. Nothing gentle. The last few thrusts were about the need to come rather than the pleasure. Anna loved it. She loved the way they lost control and the sounds they made as both men cl**axed.

When they screamed out release, they lay on the bed. Sweat covered their bodies. All panted for breath.

"So that's what it means to belong to the Steer brothers?" she said.

"Did you like it?" Paul asked, his hand cupping her breast as he kissed the red tip. She glanced around the bedroom.

"I want to have this for every birthday," she said.

"You can have us whenever you like. Right, David?"

David grunted, and Anna smiled.

Lying down, Anna chuckled. Her ni**les pulsed with the pain from Paul's teeth, and her ass was burning red. Never had she imagined her life would be so perfect.

The End

