Chapter One

Three years from His to Control

Peter Miller stared at the hard stone planted in the graveyard. The name, date, and relevant details were lost on him as he simply looked at the stone. All around him people lay buried beneath the earth where at one time they'd been in the prime of their life. What had happened to them all? When they were alive did they experience love? Was their love reciprocated?

He had all these questions about people he didn't know, and yet there were more pressing issues to deal with in his own life. Control, the exclusive BDSM club, was thriving even though the residents had tried to shut it down. He worked as a Dom there and had trained many subs in the last few years.

No matter how many women he trained there was still a void inside him. He was twenty-eight years old, and he'd achieved next to nothing in his life. For the past ten years he'd been in love with a woman who was married to another man. That same man had almost died, and instead of taking his shot, he'd not wanted to. His friendship with Laura was different. Something wasn't the same, and he didn't know what it was. Staring at the gravestone he saw the person who'd passed had once been a son, husband, and a brother. Peter was no such thing. His parents had disowned him for being friends with Laura and the rest of the Cape Falls outcasts.

The only things he'd achieved in the last few years were moving out of the small apartment and into a house near Control. The salary he was paid for working at the club kept him in a good lifestyle. Then he'd become a good Dom. He took care of his women and made sure they got everything he needed.

There's nothing for you here.

"This place is f**king morbid. Why do you always come here?" Edward Banner asked.

Edward was one of the men who worked at Control. He was close friends with the owner, William, and had travelled from England to live in Cape Falls. Peter still couldn't believe Edward had moved to Cape Falls. The town was a nightmare.

"I invited you because you needed to get out of the club. Be respectful or leave," Peter said, looking at the gravestone.

"Fine, I'd rather be here, in a cemetery, than dealing with Daisy and the twins. I remember a time when William wouldn't have kids, and now he's got two sets of twins running amok." Edward shook his head. "It's totally not right."

Peter laughed. In the last three years Daisy had become pregnant twice, and both times she'd given birth to twins. The first set was twin boys, which William had been happy about. The next two were girls, and their father had become over-protective overnight and they hadn't even gone to play school. Peter felt for the men who'd come in twenty years wanting to date William's twin girls.

"He doesn't let them near the club, Edward. What's your problem?" Peter loved children. Over the last three years he'd spent plenty of time with Laura's kids.

Thinking about Laura made pain spike through his heart but not in the usual, yearning, kind of way. Something was different, and he hated not knowing what it was.

"I don't want kids. I hate kids, but Daisy's kids are always around and I find myself wanting something I'd given up on a long time ago."

Peter glanced up at his friend. "You're not serious."

"You're not the only guy who tries to avoid the things that make you want something," Edward said.

Peter didn't like how accurate the older man was.

"I don't know what you're talking about." Peter turned away from the gravestone and started toward another one.

"I know a lot more than you think." Edward followed behind him. "You avoid any romantic attachment because you're still yearning for Laura, Dean's wife. I've heard everything. The locals of Cape Falls love to talk. Although, I'm not seeing the long lost yearning look on your face anymore. Maybe you've moved on?"

Spinning around Peter glared at him. "Then explain it to me if you're such an expert."

Edward rested his hands on his hips. "Dean Riley was diagnosed with testicular cancer three years ago. It was in the early stages, and they caught it. He gets regular check-ups and is now in the peak of health."

Peter felt the tears spring to his eyes at the remembered pain on Laura's face. Dean and Laura had been through a lot in the last three years.

"Dean gave you the chance to win his woman. He didn't know how severe the cancer was and wanted you to be the man to take his place, but you wouldn't do it. You were in love with a woman you could never have. Then out of the blue you got a chance, and you didn't take it at all."

"That has nothing to do with avoiding, Edward. You've just stated some facts."

"I've never seen you attempt to date other women. You keep women, even your subs, at a distance. No one can get close to you. Your friends are the only people you allow close to you, nothing else and no one else."

Peter shrugged. "What more is there to life? I can't have the woman I love, and I don't think it's fair letting another woman get close. It would be unfair of me to let another woman think they've got a chance with me."

Edward stared at him. "Do you even love Laura?"

"What?"

"You've been in love with her for ten years, and you've never really been close to her. Are you sure you're actually in love with her?" Edward asked.

"I'm not going to talk with you about this." Peter headed out of the cemetery with Edward following behind him. He'd walked the entire distance from the club to the cemetery near town.

"Why not? It's not like I'm on Dean's side. I imagine everyone knows you're in love but see Dean and Laura together, so they don't really care."

"And you're saying you care?" Peter asked, amazed. He kept walking, needing the fresh air to keep him sane.

"I'm your friend. Of course I care."

Peter stopped. "I appreciate your caring, I really do, but I can't handle this right now."

Edward reached out, touching his arm. "You can talk to me. When the time is right, you can talk to me no matter what."

Staring at his hand, Peter nodded. "Thanks."

"I better get back to the club. Take care, and I'll see you tonight."

It was Saturday night, and it was always busy on the weekends. "You certainly will be seeing me." Peter smiled and watched the other man walk away before heading into town. He passed several people who stared at him. Some whispered behind their palms.

He didn't care.

Like every other Saturday he went to the library, going straight to the back to grab a book off the shelves. He loved his peace and quiet, but at the library he got to see people while he was doing it. Grabbing a book from the shelf, he sat down and flipped open the page.

"You're here again?" Rose Slater asked.

He looked up to see the girl who stocked the shelves. Rose was a beautiful woman with blonde hair and blue eyes. He'd seen her around town and the library many times. She was nineteen and hadn't been allowed to go to college. Her family wouldn't let her leave Cape Falls.

Yes, Rose Slater was his only piece of heaven away from the club and all his troubles.

"I thought you'd be used to me by now?" he asked.

"I'm used to you. I just thought you'd have something more exciting to do on a Saturday." She smiled at him, and Peter couldn't help but be struck by how it lit up her whole face.

"No, nothing interesting." He smiled, thinking about his morning trip to the cemetery.

"Well, I'll see you at lunch." She turned to leave, and he took the time to admire the curves of her ass.

She's got her whole life ahead of her. Leave her alone.

Staring down at his book, Peter couldn't help but wish his life had been different. If he'd not fallen for Laura he might have had a chance to experience love with Rose.

****

Rose watched the clock ticking. She was counting down to the time when she got to sit with Peter outside of the library and have lunch. He was so handsome, and she knew a lot about him. She remembered him from when she was younger and shouldn't have developed a crush on him.

Letting out a sigh, she passed the doorway, carrying some books, and watched as he turned a page of the current book he was reading. In the last ten years Peter had changed. Gazing through the window she had seen how his boy-next-door good looks had advanced into the masculine strength of a confident man. He looked nothing like the boys whom she used to go to school with. There was a maturity in his depths where there was once a nonchalance about life. Peter had changed. His hair had darkened over the years and was no longer a sandy blond.

I shouldn't be thinking about his hair or his muscular body.

Licking her lips she dropped her gaze to the book in her hand. The title meant nothing to her. She placed the book on the shelf then went around the counter to serve a young girl. The mother glanced in Peter's direction and clucked her tongue.

She knew who he was and who his friends were. They were the social outcasts of their small town. Rose knew the only reason they put up with them was because of the Steer brothers and the fact Gabriel was an amazing sheriff.

Rose saw the mother clucking her tongue, but she noticed the hand the woman pressed to her breast. For as much as she despised Peter's presence, the woman was also affected by him. The town knew he was a Dom. He worked at Control, and his reputation for being a fair man with women had circulated.

The mother and daughter scurried out of the library leaving Rose alone with her thoughts and a few of the other staff. She continued to stock the shelves, all the time aware of the man in another room.

Her body hummed to life whenever he was around. She was drawn to him like a moth to a flame. If her family was to ever find out about her association with him they'd find some way to stop it. The best part of her day was his visits to the library. It was lame of her, but she really loved seeing him.

When he didn't visit her the days always went by slowly.

I'm going to get caught.

Dropping her gaze to the computer, she started checking the system and typing in the reserves that had been delivered. Her family shared the old-fashioned views of the town. She'd gotten good grades and should have gone to college. Her family didn't believe in college. They wouldn't help her get in, so she was stuck in Cape Falls working at the library. She loved books but wished there was something else to keep her going. What didn't help her situation was the fact she knew they were planning something. She feared it was a marriage to one of the men they'd picked out.

Putting the books on the shelf she glanced through the window and watched as Peter kept reading. How had he escaped everything?

There were times she felt like she was drowning in the open air. Her family pushed her all the time. They wanted her to be the perfect girl who would marry the man they chose. She didn't want to end up like that.

A couple of times she'd passed Control. The only thing her parents allowed her to do was walk. She took long walks and ended up looking at the front gates of Control, wondering if her future could be inside there.

Her thoughts were ridiculous. No one would want to help her. Shaking her head, she finished working and was shocked as the clock struck noon Peter was waiting for her. He stood by the front doors smiling.

Grabbing her bag, she walked toward him, and together they headed out onto the grassed area. It was open, and she knew it was only a matter of time before she got caught with him. For now, she loved spending time with him.

"Did your mother make your packed lunch?" Peter asked.

She watched him pull a salad out of his inner pocket. It was warm in the late October day, but Peter still wore a long jacket.

"Yeah, she always does. Who packed your lunch?" She pointed at the fish salad he started eating. Rose made her own lunch. She hated it when her mother interfered with her food. Also, she wasn't about to tell Peter that her mother had banned foods. The cupboards were locked, and all she was allowed was two meals a day.

Her parents were strict, and they hated her fuller figure. No matter how much she dieted or exercised there was no dropping the extra pounds. Banning food and putting chains on the cupboard was her parents' next radical move. She was scared of what would happen in six months when she didn't lose weight.

Shaking her head, she pushed the bad memories aside and smiled at Peter.

"Daisy made this for me today. She's determined to be a good mother, but that has extended into everything. Everyone at the club feels like they're being mothered."

Rose smiled. Daisy sounded nice.

"How is it at the club?" Rose asked.

"You're way too young to be told about a BDSM club, Rose. Maybe when you're older I'll consider it," he said, taking a bite of what looked like a grape.

"I'm nineteen. I'm grown up."

He stared at her for several seconds. "Have you lost your virginity yet? Been with a guy, multiple guys?"

Heat filled her cheeks, and Rose looked down at her spread sandwich. It was low fat spread, and the bread was granary. Everything was healthy, even if she did make it herself. She was only allowed two slices of bread a day. Her lunch consisted of an apple, banana, and two slices of bread.

Tears filled her eyes thinking about the extreme way she'd been living. She was nineteen and worked in a library but still felt extremely dependant on her family.

She shook her head. "No, I've never been with a guy or multiple guys."

Peter reached out and touched her chin. "I shouldn't have said those things. I'm sorry."

"No, it's all right. We're friends, right?" The simple touch of his fingers on her chin was doing crazy things to her insides.

"Of course we're friends. I love spending time with you, Rose." He looked like he wanted to say something else, but he didn't.

"I love spending time with you as well."

She took a small bite of her sandwich. Rose didn't know what she'd get for dinner tonight, and just recently her parents had been keeping a diary of everything she was eating and doing.

There were times she wished she could confide in someone about what was happening. She never wanted Peter to know about her parents, let alone her eating problems.

Chapter Two

Peter knew he shouldn't be encouraging her, but he couldn't stop himself. When he was around Rose, she made him feel alive. The feeling was entirely different from how he felt around Laura. For ten years he'd loved the same woman and watched her fall deeper and deeper in love with another man. Watching a woman he could never have had finally take its toll. He'd been eating lunch with Rose for the last six months. She was his pleasure zone. Whenever he was in the library and around her, he got the chance to forget all about Laura and his connection to her.

Glancing down at her sandwich, he'd also recognized her lunch getting smaller, much smaller. He didn't want to say anything as he got the feeling she was very self-conscious about her curves. Peter wasn't. The curvier the woman the better she was for him. He didn't like playing with very slender women. Some of the Doms only loved a slender woman, but he always opted for the fuller women. There was something about holding onto a woman's h*ps as you drove into her. Not only that, he loved to stroke their rounded tits and spank their full asses.

Shaking his head, Peter pulled himself out of his thoughts and concentrated on the woman in front of him. Rose was a submissive woman. He recognized it in her and had spotted it the first time he walked into the library. Her head would bow down until he spoke to her. She also waited for him to open doors. It could be part of her upbringing in Cape Falls, but he doubted it.

Since he'd started his training, he'd become adept at spotting a sub and knowing how to work with one. Many subs had left him more than satisfied. He'd taken great pride in becoming a Dom, and William made sure of it as well.

She's nineteen and has no business being in the club.

He would never be with a woman who was too young. Rose was only nineteen, and even though she clearly had a maturity about her, she was still young and she hadn't been with a man.

She needed to know what it was like to be with a man sexually before he'd consider touching her.

Yet the thought of another man revealing her curvy body to his viewing pleasure made him so mad.

"Would you like to try some of my salad?" he asked, offering some to her.

Her gaze drifted down to his plastic tub, but she shook her head. "No, thank you. I've got my lunch."

He didn't pry even though he wanted to.

"So, do you see yourself working in the library for the rest of your life?" he asked.

She gazed at him, her blue depths watering as she stared at him. "I doubt I'll be working here much longer."

"Why?"

Rose licked her lips looking past his shoulder. "My family are old-fashioned. I think they're trying to marry me off. They're plotting something, but I don't know what." The smile she gave him was empty.

"They have no idea you're talking to me, do they?" he asked.

She shook her head. "I never want to tell them because if I do then they'd take it away from me."

Peter hurt for her. He knew she was suffering, and there was nothing he could do to help. Her family were the ones in control. It was how Cape Falls worked. The parents made the decisions, and the children did as they were told. Their town had survived like this for many generations.

He, Laura, Anna, and Daisy had been the few people to make it out of Cape Falls with their own kind of family. They were a unit, and they always went into town together.

"I'm sorry."

"Why? You can't do anything about it. It's the way it is." She dropped her gaze to eat more of her sandwich.

Peter wished he could take her troubles away, but there was nothing he could do. He couldn't offer her anything. His love was for Laura and would always be for her. Loving Laura was something he was used to. Reaching out, he held Rose's hand, pulling her hand close to his chest. "I really wish there was something I could do to help you."

"There's nothing you can do. I'm sorry for bringing it up to you."

He shushed her, staring into her face. "We're friends, Rose. We talk to each other about our troubles."

Silence met his words, and they stayed still for several seconds.

"Rose, is that you?"

Peter turned to the noise to see a young man, a little older than Rose, approach them. He was with three other men, who were looking at Rose as if she was something to eat.

He didn't like their attention, and his hands fisted at his side.

"Shit." Peter heard her whisper.

"I'm guessing they're some of the people who you don't want to know?" Peter asked.

"They'll tell my parents and ruin everything." She pulled her hand away and started to eat her sandwich.

"I thought it was you. What are you doing?" The mystery man came to stand beside Rose. Peter stared at him, seeing the possessive glint written in his eyes. He wanted to know who the man was so he could put him in his place.

"Hi, Brad, I'm just eating lunch with Peter."

Brad, the mystery man now had a name, turned his attention. Peter saw the assessment because he was doing his own. What he saw in Brad was lacking. The man was cruel. Peter didn't know how he knew it, only that he did.

What he also didn't like was the way he knelt down beside Rose and started playing with a strand of her long hair. Her blonde hair was long enough to cover her full ass. She kept it in a ponytail, so the strands lifted up a little and rested above the curve of her ass.

"Peter Miller, right?" Brad asked, offering his hand.

"The very one, and you are?" Peter didn't take the offered hand and continued eating his lunch.

"I'm a friend of Rose's."

Rose was shaking. Peter wanted to make her shaking disappear.

"I've got to get back to work," Rose said.

When she made to pass him, Peter grabbed her hand. "Lunch was lovely, Rose. Thank you."

She glanced at the other men, nodded and turned away.

Peter returned his attention back to the men. They were all stood watching her leave. He got to his feet and pocketed his empty lunch box.

"You shouldn't be around her. What's the matter? Not enough sluts visiting your club that you've got to pry women out of town," Brad said.

Staring at the man, Peter knew Rose would be in trouble if Brad got near her. His gut was telling him to protect her.

He stepped up close to Brad and found he had to look down at the man. "Don't talk about the club like that."

Walking past them, he felt all four men follow him. Cutting through the path he saw it was secluded, and he sensed they'd make a move. None of them was a match for him no matter what they thought.

Peter spun around to face them, taking them by surprise.

"You shouldn't come near Rose again," Brad said.

"And you're going to stop me?" Peter folded his arms.

Brad's three friends held back.

"Yeah, I am." Brad lunged at him, and Peter grabbed the man, pushing him up against the hard brick wall.

"I don't know, and I don't really give a shit, who you are. Don't threaten me, and don't go telling Rose's parents. I may be a lot of things, Brad, but I know how to f**k you up and your friends." He leaned in close to the guy's ear. "And guess what? I've got friends, too."

He shoved the little prick back to his friends. "Back off."

Leaving the scene, Peter didn't feel better. He was worried about Rose. The town of Cape Falls may be having changes, but the people were still stuck in the past.

****

Rose saw Brad and his friends enter the library. They were not good men, but Brad came from a good, wealthy family and everyone put up with him. He scared her, as did the others in his group. Licking her lips, she grabbed the cart of books and made her way around the library putting more books on shelves. Her job was not exciting, and she knew Laura, Dean's wife, had once been in her position.

They were two women who were going to end up very differently. She made her way into one of the rooms and started putting books back into the medical section. After a few minutes she started to relax. She loved her lunch with Peter, even if he had broken her heart. He'd pretty much made it clear there was no chance for him and her to ever be together. It was incredibly stupid of her to think anything could change.

Peter was totally out of her league, and she'd never have a shot with him. She jumped at the sound of the door to the room closed and locked. Turning to face the door she saw Brad with his three friends. The blinds in the room were closed. No one could enter or see what was going on.

"What's the matter?" she asked. Her pulse jumped like crazy inside her chest. She'd heard many rumours about these four men. A lot of gossip surrounded them with no proof to back it up.

The three men stood separate from one another as Brad moved in closer. She watched him, terrified. Rose had noticed his gaze on her whenever she was in town. He made her skin crawl, and it took every ounce of willpower not to flinch away from him.

"Your parents don't know Peter visits here, do they?"

She glanced at him and then at the three men. Their arms were folded, and smirks were on their face. Her heart raced. Cape Falls was a shitty town, but the rumours about these men were the worst. She heard they preyed on women, raped them, but they always had an alibi. The women left Cape Falls or ended up in some accident. She hated it and hated them.

"No, he sits in a room and reads. There's nothing else to it. He has a right to visit the library as well."

Brad laughed. "He's f**king scum, Rose. You shouldn't allow him near you or to touch you."

He reached out to stroke her face, and she flinched away. Brad paused with his hand mid-air.

His friends laughed. She stayed still as Brad stroked her cheek. "I don't want you eating with him again. I'll be here from now on. You stay away from him."

"Why?" she asked.

Rose bit her lip as he grabbed both her arms and hauled her up close to his body.

"Because I'll tell your parents and then there will be nowhere for you to turn." Brad lowered his head, and Rose turned her face in time. His lips brushed against her cheek.

"Remember, I'll be around, Rose."

She didn't like the sound of his voice. He scared her so much.

Brad held her in his arms, and she kept her gaze on his chest not wanting to look into his eyes.

Please leave. Please leave. Please leave.

She repeated the words to stop herself from screaming them out. Soon they left the room. Rose watched them leave and took a deep breath. They were scary men, and she didn't want to have to be alone with them ever again.

After her shift at the library she made her way home. Her parents were not home yet, but it would only be a matter of time. She entered their home and went straight to the kitchen. Rose was starving, and she really needed to eat.

Glancing at the cupboards she saw them all locked and bolted. Turning to the fridge she looked inside. Her mother had marked where the milk was when she left, and everything was put in place. If she ate anything her parents would know. They were controlling everything. She left the kitchen and made her way toward the laundry closet. There was where she found the scales and the measuring tape, along with the notebook her mother kept at her father's insistence.

Every morning without fail she was forced to stand on the scales, and then she was measured around the waist, hips, arms and br**sts. Her father would check the numbers and decide what to do.

Growing up she'd never suffered with this. Her parents fed her without concern at all. They'd given her chocolate, sweets, and healthy meals. It was only recently her food ban had come into force, along with the regular checks on her weight and measurements.

Closing the door, she headed upstairs to her room. She wasn't allowed a lock, and her mother cleaned her room every day. There was no chance of privacy. Her mother believed privacy was overrated and she needed to do what her parents requested of her.

I'm nineteen and nothing but a prisoner.

She walked to her window and looked out over the horizon. Her bedroom had a clear view of the outskirts of town. Many times she'd wondered what it would be like to simply empty her bank account and leave without looking back. Once she left she'd be in charge of her future. There would be no more weighing scales or locked cupboards. She'd be free to do what she wanted when she wanted to do it.

Letting out a sigh, she rid her mind of the thoughts.

Her mother's words came back to her.

"You leave this house and this town and you'll never survive. You'll be at the mercy of some pimp who'll use you and your body. Can you hack having a new man between your thighs every minute?"

Over the years she'd grown terrified of leaving her parental home. She wouldn't last two minutes out in the real world.

****

Brad entered his parents' home with his friends following behind him. Both his parents were at work, and there was no one home, which was how he liked it. His family were not as rich as the Steer brothers, but they were close to it.

"Did you see the look on her face? She's terrified of you," Adam said.

He smirked, going into the games room and taking a seat. Thinking about Rose made his dick rock hard.

"Terrified she may be, but soon she'll be my woman and I can do whatever the f**k I want with her."

All three friends turned to him. They'd been with him growing up and knew what he was like.

"What are you saying?" Tyler asked, smirking.

"My dad put in a word with her dad. They're following strict instructions to put her through an eating regimen. She's been reduced to two meals a day and is weighed every morning."

Adam and Tyler smirked.

"I don't believe you. There's no way the Slaters would put their daughter through that," John said.

Shaking his head, Brad grabbed the notebook, which updated her progress. He threw it at John.

"I told you, she's going to be mine very soon."

John shook his head. "If you already like her then why are you putting her through this?"

Brad looked at his friend. They'd done a lot together. They always had each other's backs, and if one of them was to fall, they'd all fall. Their secrets were what bound them together. Brad wasn't going to jail for messing with a couple of sluts, and neither were any of his friends.

"The power. I'm in control, and Rose will know who's the boss. I don't want a wife who goes out to work. I want a wife who knows her place. Rose will know her place, and then we can all have a chance to play with her."

He noticed John didn't smile right away where Adam and Tyler did. In the next second John started smiling, putting Brad's mind at ease.

Brad had big plans for Rose. She was going to learn her place when it came to his friends. He looked forward to training her for his personal needs.

Chapter Three

Peter sat inside William's sitting room watching him hold one of his daughters. He heard Daisy laughing in the distance, and he stared at his friend and boss. The last thing he'd anticipated on a weekend was to be called in for a chat. William's chats were always personal and about problems.

Rubbing his head, Peter glanced at his watch. The last two days this week Rose hadn't eaten lunch with him. Brad had arrived just as they were leaving, taking her away from him. He despised the man. There was something about Brad that made Peter tense around him. The guy was bad news. He didn't like him one bit, and Rose was looking weak. Since he'd last seen her on Saturday, she'd seemed fine. It was Wednesday, and she was already looking pale and withdrawn. He hated it, and what he hated even more was the fact he couldn't bring himself to stop it.

His heart belonged to another woman. There was no chance for him to enter a relationship knowing Laura was the only one who owned his heart.

"You've not taken a sub, Peter," William said.

"We've discussed this before. I'm not ready to take a sub, and I'm not going to commit to a woman when I'm elsewhere," he said.

They argued about this regularly. Peter never took a permanent sub. He trained many and gave the women who wanted him some time. He never got too close to the women and always remained impassive.

William looked angered. "I'm worried about you. We're all worried about you."

"Edward told you about my cemetery trips?" Peter asked, knowing he was going to hurt the other man when he next saw him.

"Yeah, he did, and frankly I'm worried." William stood up, tapping his daughter's diaper covered bottom.

"I don't see why you're worried. I'm good at what I do."

"Dean Riley didn't die. He was more than happy to step aside and let you have Laura, and you refused. He didn't die, and he's still happily married to the woman you'd gladly take a bullet for."

There was a time when those words would have cut through him. Peter fisted his hands at his sides to try to find something to make him feel again.

"Do you think I visit the cemetery wishing Dean was there?" Peter asked, disgusted by William's assumption.

"Frankly, yeah I do."

Peter stood. "No, I don't visit the cemetery because I'm a sick f**k. I'm in love with Laura, and she's happy because Dean's alive. I visit the cemetery to think. I'm not wishing for anything, William, and to be honest, your suggestion is f**king insulting."

He stormed out of the room and crashed into Daisy. She fell on her ass.

"Shit, I'm sorry." He reached down helping her to her feet.

"No, it's okay. The kids keep me on my toes, and I refuse to hire a nanny. I'm going to be the best mom I can be."

Peter smiled at her. "You'll be fantastic."

He didn't give her chance to talk to him. William called out to him, but he ignored the shouts of his name. He left the gates of William's house and club and surprised himself by heading toward Dean's home. It had been a couple of month since he'd last seen the couple. They'd left Cape Falls to go on a vacation around Europe.

Driving up to their front door, he saw Laura near the side of the house hanging out washing. He took the time to admire her fuller curves. After a couple of kids, she'd gotten bigger in the h*ps and br**sts. Every time he looked at her, Peter was blown away by her beauty and her strength. Staring at her now, nothing happened. She was a beauty and he admired her, but nothing happened. There was no reaction to her presence at all.

Dean opened the front door, smiling at him.

Climbing out of the car he headed to the front door. "It has been a while since we've seen you," Dean said, holding his hand out for him to shake.

Peter shook his hand and headed inside.

He laughed as their kids jumped on him, demanding hugs and kisses before Laura entered the house, steering them away.

"I'm so pleased you stopped by," she said, hugging him.

Closing his eyes, he inhaled her scent before pulling away, feeling uncomfortable. It didn't feel right anymore. Peter frowned when his lower body didn't respond to her. Usually he had to be careful around her because his c**k always hardened.

Maybe he was tired.

"I'm here to see Dean and find out how he's getting on."

"Okay," Laura said, smiling. "I'll leave you two alone."

They entered Dean's study where all the magical stories happened.

"I didn't think you were going to stop by," Dean said, taking a seat.

"For a long time I wasn't going to. I just needed to get away from the club and from William." He took a seat opposite Dean and looked at the older man. Dean was nearing fifty whereas Peter and Laura were only twenty-eight years old. It was a big age gap, but the two were in love.

"I'm pleased you stopped by. There's something I wanted to ask you," Dean said, leaning forward.

"Are you all clear of the cancer? Do you get regular appointments and checks?" Peter asked, cutting Dean off.

"Yes on all counts. It's miraculous what's happened. When I was told I had cancer I was expecting the worst. I didn't want to leave Laura alone in the world."

Peter nodded. He wouldn't want to leave Laura alone, period. He wouldn't want to leave any woman alone at all, not if she belonged to him.

Silence fell on the room. "I'm pleased you survived," Peter said, thinking about William's words.

"I need to ask you something, and I don't want you to take offence, okay," Dean said.

Rubbing his hands together, Peter waited for Dean to speak.

"Why did you help me get better?" Dean asked.

Peter burst out laughing. "Is this a sick joke?"

"You've been in love with Laura for as long as I've known her. I knew, when I found out the news that no matter what happened, you'd be there to care for her. She would always have you." Dean leaned forward, staring at him. "You want Laura, I know you do, yet you could have had her and you made me fight the cancer. You've done everything in your power to make sure Laura is happy. Why? You could be in my place right now. I know if I was to go, Laura would get the chance to fall for you."

Peter shook his head, standing and pacing Dean's office. "Why is it so hard for everyone to believe I've been a good guy? Why does there have to be an ulterior motive?" Running fingers through his hair, Peter stopped and glared at the man before him. "I was never going to let you die just so I could have a chance with Laura. I love her, yes, and I'll do everything for her. But I would never be happy being second best, Dean. I could have made Laura love me, but you'd always be number one."

Staring around the room, Peter needed to get out of their house. He couldn't be here.

"I've got to go."

Storming out of the house, he got behind the wheel. Laura was standing in the doorway looking at him. He threw the car into reverse and headed into town. There was only one person he wanted to see, one person who didn't look at him like he was going to crack under the pressure, and that was Rose.

Finding the first available parking space, he climbed out of his car and headed into the library. When he didn't see her at the counter, he searched the library looking for her. He found her alone in the history section.

Walking into the room, he closed and locked the door. She turned to look at him. The fear in her eyes died down and was replaced with pleasure.

"Peter," she said.

He didn't give her chance to ask him anything. Closing the distance between them, he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close.

Rose gasped. Staring into her clear blue eyes, he slammed his lips down on hers. He was being selfish, but he couldn't stop himself.

Peter needed to feel her against him. The world was threatening to swallow him whole, and Rose was the only person who could ground him.

****

There was no chance Rose was going to break the kiss. Peter's arms surrounded her, trapping her against his hard body and the book shelves. Closing her eyes, she opened her mouth for his searching tongue. He deepened the kiss, exploring her mouth.

His grip tightened on her ass as he rubbed himself against her.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, moaning. No words were necessary as he kissed her.

After what felt like days but she knew it was only minutes, Peter broke the kiss.

"I'm not backing away. Brad can go and suck his own dick. You're eating lunch with me from now on, understand?" he asked.

Words failed her, and she nodded her head, agreeing with him.

"Good, I'll see you tomorrow."

And like that, Peter left the library. Lunch time was over, and now her thoughts were all over the place. What was she going to do?

Brad could ruin everything, and he'd not missed a lunch time yet. Pushing her troubled thoughts to the back of her mind, she finished her shift at the library and headed home.

She couldn't stop thinking about that kiss. Peter sure knew how to use his lips. Rose had never been kissed before in her life. Pressing fingers to her lips, she couldn't help but smile.

When she got home she was shocked to see her parents home. Entering the front door she found her mother waiting for her. "We're having guests tonight. You're to go get bathed and changed. I've set out an appropriate dress."

Her mother dismissed her.

Not seeing the sense in arguing with her, Rose walked upstairs to her bedroom. She saw a peach dress laid out on the bed, along with a pair of black pumps. Shaking her head, she climbed into the bath and washed herself. All the time, she couldn't stop thinking about Peter and his expert lips on hers. They were the only thoughts she wanted to have.

Once she was done in the bath, she dried her body and hair and started to get changed. She heard the door go, opening and closing.

Minutes passed, and her mother shouted up the stairs requesting her presence. Staring in the mirror, she saw the dress was a perfect fit. She hated it. Her stomach growled. She wasn't allowed breakfast anymore, and her lunch consisted of fruit. Brad didn't offer her anything more, and whenever he saw her lunch, he smirked.

Spending time with him and his crazy friends scared her. Her only consolation was the fact lunch was spent near other people.

Leaving her bedroom, she made her way downstairs to where her parents were waiting in the sitting room.

"There she is. Come on in, Rose," her father said.

She froze when she saw Brad with his parents. What were they doing here? Swallowing past the lump in her throat, she headed toward the only seat available. The room was silent as she took her seat. Brad smiled at her.

"Can I get a refill?" Brad asked.

"Certainly. Rose, get Brad a refill on his wine," her mother said.

Feeling sick to her stomach, Rose moved into the kitchen, grabbing the wine bottle. Brad still had his crazy smile as she refilled his glass. There was water for her. She poured out some wine and took her seat. Her thoughts returned to Peter and the kiss.

Soon they moved into the dining room. Rose blanked everything out. She'd learned from a young age to keep quiet at her parents' dinners.

Brad spooned food onto her plate, and no one questioned what he fed her. She noticed he didn't put much on her plate, and he didn't give her seconds. When she reached for more food, her mother shot her a glare, stopping her from eating.

Tears filled her eyes, but she glanced down at her lap. She sank her nails into the flesh of her thighs, to stop herself from calling out.

After Peter's kiss, this was turning into the worst night of her life.

"Rose, why don't you and Brad go up to your room?" her father asked.

She frowned. "Why would I do that?" No boy was allowed in her room.

"Do it, and don't argue."

Brad grabbed her arm, leading her out of the room. "You should learn to do as you're told," he said, escorting her upstairs.

Dread filled her, making her stomach turn. She'd not eaten enough, but with Brad leading her upstairs she was thankful.

He knew where her room was, which she didn't like.

Brad closed the door, taking a seat on her bed. "This is nice."

"Why are you here, Brad?" she asked. "Our parents are not friends. There's no reason for you to be here."

"Well, you see, that's where things are about to change." He got off the bed, moving toward her. She took a step back. Brad reached behind him pulling out a small black box. "Our parents already think it's a great idea. You're going to be my wife, Rose."

The wall stopped her from moving. His hand curved around her waist, halting her progress. Brad opened the box, but she couldn't bring herself to look at him.

"We can't get married. We don't know each other, and we've not dated or anything." Her pulse pounded as she saw her words were falling on deaf ears. Brad didn't care, and from the look of it, neither did her parents.

They'd already agreed to this. She was alone.

"You'll be my wife." He released his hold on her and grabbed her hand. There was no use fighting him. Brad was stronger than she was. He slid the ring on her finger.

Pain radiated in her chest. The ring was a perfect fit.

One of his hands banded around her waist as the other palm slammed beside her head, on the wall.

"And that f**king Peter Miller will keep his hands away from what is mine."

Her eyes widened as she looked at him. He couldn't have seen that kiss, could he?

"I saw the f**king kiss, Rose. You didn't fight him. I saw everything. He didn't close the f**king blinds." He leaned forward. "I suggest you kiss me the same way, or I tell your parents everything. They'll cut you off, and you'll be on the streets with nothing."

He kissed her lips, and Rose let him. She didn't fight him, but she didn't respond either.

Brad leaned away. "I suggest you kiss me, or I'll make sure your food is taken away from you and your parents let you move in with me. I know Adam, Tyler, and John want a piece of you. I always share what's mine with my friends."

She watched him, feeling sick. Rose needed to stop this. He turned to leave her room. For now, she needed to follow his rules. She needed to find a way out of this. Grabbing his arms, she wrapped her arms around Brad's neck and kissed him. Rose closed her eyes imagining it was Peter.

Rose vowed she would find a way to get out of this. She was never going to be at the mercy of Brad or his friends.

Chapter Four

Peter hadn't seen Rose at the library the following day or the day after that. He found out from one of the women working there that she'd handed in her notice. Seeing no reason to stick around the library, he no longer went back. Laura had left the library stopping his visits and now Rose. What was wrong with him that the women always seemed to leave him?

Stop feeling f**king morbid.

Leaving the library he saw Gabriel leaving his patrol car. He waved at the other man. Peter had a lot of respect for Gabriel. He'd taken on Amy and another man's kids and raised them as his own.

"Hello, Gabriel. We've not seen you or Amy at the club recently," Peter said, hugging him.

"We've been looking at moving out of Cape Falls. Amy doesn't like living here anymore. She wants to leave."

His words shocked Peter. "You're planning on leaving Cape Falls?"

"I'm looking at a position elsewhere. It's not healthy here to raise two kids. The town folk are not accepting of our ways. The Steer brothers are fighting with Anna to stay. We talked with Paul and David, and they're ready to leave Cape Falls altogether."

This was news to Peter.

"Wow, okay. I never thought anyone would leave the town. It's such a beautiful place," Peter said.

"It's a beautiful area, but the people bring it down. They're awful, and I agree with Amy. Our kids will be going to the same school as the locals, and we can't let that happen. So much has happened, and they're already being picked on. I can't let it happen." Gabriel appeared to have aged years in the last few months.

"I'm sorry to hear that," Peter said, meaning it.

"Speaking of trouble, do you know Rose Slater?" Gabriel asked.

"What about her?" Peter tensed thinking about the other woman.

"She keeps coming into the station and then turns around leaving it. I don't know what to do with her. It happens a couple of times a day," Gabriel said.

"I don't know what's going on," Peter said.

He knew where she lived, and he was going to find out.

"Okay, I'll come and see William soon. Don't let him know about my leaving."

Peter waited for Gabriel to leave before heading in the opposite direction. He was worried about Rose. Her quitting the library was not like her. She'd spoken to him about going to college and doing so many things. Why would she suddenly be frequenting the sheriff's office?

None of it made sense to him.

Crossing town, he headed toward her home. There were no cars in the driveway. He opened the gate, going down the garden path toward her house.

Before he could bail out he knocked on the door. After several minutes Rose opened the door. Her eyes went wide when she saw him. He saw she was shaking, and she looked past his shoulder.

"What's going on, Rose, and don't f**king lie to me," he asked, warning her.

"I don't know what you mean."

Frustration ate at him. Charging past her, Peter slammed the door. Rose looked sick. Her blonde hair was bound in a clip, and she folded her arms. He saw her shaking, and he also heard the sound of her stomach growling.

"What the hell is going on?" he asked. Peter cupped her cheek, and she stared at his chest.

Wanting answers, he charged down her house, and when he passed the kitchen he glanced inside.

"Peter, please, stop. You shouldn't be here," Rose said.

He stopped and looked at the kitchen. What he saw turned his stomach. Going inside, he tested the chains to make sure it wasn't a trick. They were locked solid.

Opening the fridge he saw the lines on the milk and the monitoring of the fridge.

"What the f**k is this?" he asked.

She lifted a hand to her face, wiping her eyes. He saw the glint of a diamond on her ring finger.

Grabbing her hand, he looked at the ring.

"Tell me what's going on now," he said.

Tears filled her eyes as she stared at him. "My Mom and Dad will be home soon."

"Then you better f**king explain fast." He let go of her hand. "How does a woman who wants to go to college and enjoys working at the library suddenly get engaged and quit her job?"

"You don't understand?"

"Why is that same woman being monitored on what she eats?"

Peter had heard about this sort of lifestyle before for a submissive. Some submissives allowed for this kind of lifestyle. Rose was not in a submissive relationship. She was in her parents' house.

Leaving the kitchen, he opened doors, cupboards and drawers looking for the scales, tape measure and notebook. He found them in the long cupboard. Flicking them open he got the answers as to why her lunch had been reduced.

"Tell me what the f**k is happening, or I'm phoning Gabriel to report abuse."

He grabbed his cell phone ready to do it.

"Don't. It's Brad and my family."

Peter stopped, looking at her. "Speak, Rose."

She looked behind her before speaking. "I'm engaged to Brad, the guy you saw at the library. He's the one who organised that." She pointed at the book in his hand. "If I don't marry him then my parents will kick me out. I don't have what it takes to survive on my own, Peter. I've got to do what they say."

"You look hungry, Rose. What are your meal times now, and what are you allowed?" he asked.

Her cheeks were red. He didn't give a shit about her embarrassment. This kind of control was not healthy, especially to a woman like Rose. They were starving her and could be doing long term damage.

"I'm allowed a slice of toast for breakfast, two pieces of fruit for lunch and some dinner. I also have to complete ten miles a day on the running machine. Brad doesn't want a fat bitch, and I'm to stick to a strict regimen and be a v-virgin on my wedding day." Tears were pouring down her face as she spoke.

His heart went out to her.

"Why didn't you come to me?" Peter asked. He would have done something to help her.

"Why would I come to you, Peter? You're in love with another woman. I've got no one else to turn to. I know this is my future."

Peter closed the distance, cupping her face. "This future will get you killed, Rose. Brad's the one in control, and what makes you think he's not going to stop this control or make it worse? He could make you go days without food." He stopped as his anger threatened to consume him. Rose was being abused, and from the look inside the book this had been her life for a good few months and he'd not seen it. "Do you love him?"

She shook her head. "He scares me, Peter. If I don't do as he says he's going to share me with his friends. I don't want to do that. I wouldn't survive that. I'll be good. I promised."

He shook his head. "No, that's not going to happen. Brad is bad news." Peter cupped her cheek, resting his head against hers.

"There's no stopping it."

"Yeah, there is."

"How?" Rose asked.

"You're coming with me." He stormed up the stairs, opening the doors until he found her room.

****

Rose had to stop him, but as she followed him up the stairs and entered her room, she couldn't form the words. She watched him throw her clothes into an overnight bag, pack up some of her books, and then he was done. Peter was saving her from her parents and from Brad. It was only a matter of time before something bad happened to her. She knew the rumours about Brad had to be true. The way he kept warning her about sharing her with his three friends scared her. Each time he mentioned it, he looked more and more aroused. There was no stopping him, and Brad was the one who held all the cards right now. He made sure she knew who was in control of her and the situation.

"You can't take me with you. If Brad finds out..." She couldn't finish her words.

"I'm counting on Brad finding out. I'm not afraid of that little prick." The violence in Peter's words shocked her. "No one should ever withhold food like that." He dropped her cases and stood near a wall. She couldn't tear her gaze away as he thumped the wall.

"Peter, don't. You'll hurt your hand."

"I don't give a f**k about my hand." Peter turned to her, his hands cupping her face. "No one should ever do what they've done to you. He was wrong, and your parents were wrong to follow those orders." He brushed her lips with his, and then they were walking down to the front door.

"Wait, I've got nowhere else to go. This is my only home, and I'm not cut out to be alone."

Her mother's past words stopped her in her tracks.

"You're staying with me," he said. "I would never let you go, Rose. You'll be safe with me. I promise."

He stopped to talk to her. She wanted to go with him, but her sudden fear held her back.

"Rose, if you stay here you're going to end up married to Brad. When that happens, your voice will no longer be heard in this town. You know that, right?" he asked.

Tears filled her eyes. She got the message loud and clear. Once she married Brad no one would care. This was her only opportunity to get away from that.

"Get me out of here."

Grabbing her hand, Peter led her out of her home, across town toward his car. Rose noticed several of the town locals stare at them. She dropped her head unable to meet their gaze. Peter didn't seem to care.

"Let the bastards look. What will it take to get these people out of the dark ages?"

She wished she knew what he was talking about. Rose had lived this way her whole life and didn't know any differently.

He helped her into the passenger side of the car. Once her case was in the backseat, Peter climbed in the front and pulled out of the parking lot.

"You shouldn't be alone for some time. I don't think Brad is going to take too kindly to this, and there's something about him I don't trust," he said.

She didn't argue. There was a cruelty to Brad, and she hated it. Being near the other man made her feel dirty.

"Thank you," she said. Staring down at her hands, Rose couldn't meet his stare. "I didn't know what else to do. Before I knew what was happening I was engaged. They'd already quit for me at the library. I didn't have a say in anything. I was alone."

He grabbed her hand, squeezing her tight. "You're not alone anymore. I'm here, and nothing is going to happen to you."

In no time at all he was pulling into his private drive. "This is it, my home."

Opening her door, she climbed out and went toward the back. Peter already had her case in hand. She waited for him to unlock the door, and they entered together.

He put her case down near the door. "I'll settle you in a room shortly. First, you need to eat." Peter took her hand once more, leading her to the kitchen. "I can't do you a large breakfast. We're going to start slow to bring your strength back, okay?"

She nodded. He left her to get a seat as he stared cracking eggs into a bowl.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"You've not eaten properly in some time. If I put too much food inside you quickly you'll get ill. We're going to settle on a two egged omelette and then build it up. I want you to eat small snacks and build your appetite back up," he said.

"You know your way around a kitchen pretty good." She smiled, trying to distract him from his obvious anger.

"I'm not angry at you, Rose. I'm angry at the town and your parents. They put you in real danger. You don't deserve to be in danger." He stopped whisking, leaning his hands on the counter. She noticed he was counting. "Parents should never do that to their kids."

"I think Brad's parents were paying mine. He wanted me to know how much control he had over the situation. I know it doesn't help, but it's what he wanted to me to know."

Peter shook his head. "He's a f**king coward and a loser. The boy pretends to be a man when all he's doing is living off his dad's money."

Rose remained silent.

"Anyway, let's get you fed."

She stayed silent while he cooked. At home her mother did all the cooking, and it was foreign for her to see a man in the kitchen.

He brought over a plate, placing it in front of her. "Eat up. I know you'll want more, but trust me on this."

When would he realise that he was the only person she trusted? She couldn't even bring herself to talk to the sheriff, and he was supposed to be there for people who needed him.

She took small bites, relishing the taste of the beautifully cooked omelette. Rose wanted more but ate only what he put in front of her. Peter showed her to one of the spare rooms after she finished her dinner.

"I want you to take a shower and then rest."

"It's a little early for sleep," she said.

"No, it's not. You need your sleep. I won't be leaving the house today. Do as I ask."

Rose nodded not wanting to push her luck. She was grateful to him for taking her away from the mess she'd created for herself.

Chapter Five

An hour later Peter checked on Rose to see if she was asleep. She was curled up in bed, wearing a teddy printed shirt. He moved close to the bed, reaching out to stroke the hair off her face. She was such a beautiful woman. It was hard to imagine anyone trying to hurt her.

Leaving her alone, he closed her door silently. Heading downstairs he made all the necessary calls. There was no way he was leaving her alone.

Gabriel arrived, and soon after the Steer brothers did. William and Edward arrived last. He hadn't bothered to call Dean.

"Is there a reason we're meeting this late?" Paul Steer asked.

"Do you know where Rose Slater is?" Gabriel asked, cutting through Paul's question.

"She's upstairs, sleeping."

The sheriff erupted. "Do you have any f**king clue how much trouble you're in? Her parents are screaming at a kidnapping case. You could be arrested, Peter, and charged with her kidnapping."

"They were starving her, Gabriel. She was trapped in her own home, afraid and being forced to eat the smallest amount of food. When I went to see her she was shaking with hunger. If you went to their house they'd hide it. I saw the chains on the cupboard. The bottle of milk was f**king marked so she couldn't even sneak anything." Peter stopped. His anger was getting the better of him. "I helped her. When she wakes up you can ask her yourself. I didn't kidnap her. I was saving her."

Edward put a hand on his shoulder.

"Peter didn't kidnap me," Rose said. She stood in the doorway with bed-matted blonde hair. He stared at her, struck by how beautiful she looked. Every time he saw her, Peter was always stopped by her kindness. She had the most intense blue eyes he'd ever seen.

"Rose?" Gabriel asked.

"My family were starving me. I don't want to go back there. I can't."

"Your parents are demanding your return," Gabriel said.

Peter watched her shake her head. "No, Brad is demanding my return. Not my parents. They don't give a shit about me. I'm not going back."

He saw the determination in her eyes.

"I'm nineteen. This should be my choice, no one else's." She tucked some of her hair behind her ear. Rose looked so young. The setting sun cast a glow over her. The night shirt she was wearing came to above her knees. Her large br**sts were pressed against the night shirt, showing hard erect ni**les.

Removing his jacket, Peter wrapped it around her shoulders covering her up. Edward cleared his throat turning away. The other men didn't show any signs of noticing. They all had their own women to deal with.

"I'll vouch for Rose. She can work behind the bar at Control to show her independence if that's what you need," William said.

Wrapping his arms around her waist, Peter pulled her close. She went lax under his touch. Closing his eyes, he allowed himself the pleasure her nearness let him have.

"I'll tell them you're safe and you haven't been kidnapped. Is there any chance you'll want to talk to them yourself?" Gabriel asked.

"No, I don't want to talk to them or have anything to do with them."

Gabriel asked her a few more questions. Peter caressed her stomach, trying his best to offer her the support she needed.

"Go on into the kitchen. I'll cook you something. I'm going to say bye to my friends."

Rose nodded, leaving him alone to deal with their wrath.

"I know, I know. I f**ked up," Peter said, staring at William.

"I don't think you f**ked up. None of us know how we're going to respond when we're pushed into such a situation. I can see Rose is a submissive, but she's young, Peter. I need you to understand that," William said.

Gabriel and William shook his hand on the way out of the door. Paul and David Steer had been quiet during the whole process. "Call us if you need us," Paul said.

"You're planning on moving away, aren't you?" Peter asked.

"We have no choice. The town refuses to change. It's getting worse, and I'm not about to raise a family in a town that won't get better," Paul answered, shaking his hand. "We'll be around some time yet."

Peter nodded seeing them all out until only Edward remained.

"Take care of her, mate. She looks like she's been hurt one time too many," Edward said.

"I will."

His friend glanced over his shoulder but then left. Frowning, Peter watched them all go.

Turning back into his home, he headed for the kitchen. Rose was sat down waiting.

"They're all your friends. The outcasts you talk about?" she asked.

"Yeah, your family have reported that you've been kidnapped."

She handed his jacket back to him. "I didn't think of putting anything on. I'm not used to men staring at me like that."

"You're a desirable woman, Rose. Men are going to want to look at you."

Rose shook her head. "I don't see that, but thank you for saying it anyway."

Taking her hand in his, Peter caught her chin in his other hand. "I'm not lying to you, Rose. I'm not trying to make you feel better. I'm telling you the truth. I mean what I say."

"I'm sorry. I'm not used to it."

He dropped her hands and removed his hand from her face, but he didn't leave. Peter couldn't move away from her.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"Stand up." Peter found himself ordering her without meaning to. He went to open his mouth to speak. The words he was looking for were held back.

She stood up. Her head tilted back looking up at him.

"Are you okay, Peter?"

He didn't feel okay. Staring down into her beautiful face all he wanted to do was lift her in his arms and carry her up to bed. "Did you want Brad touching you? Being with you?"

"No, I can't stand him. He makes my skin crawl."

Reaching out, he pushed some of her hair off her face, stroking her cheek with his knuckles.

"What about me?" he asked. "Did you like my kiss?"

She nodded. "Yes, I loved your kiss. I like it when you touch me."

He tilted her head back and leaned forward. "Do you want me to kiss you now?" he asked.

"Yes." Her voice was so soft like a whisper.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

****

Was this really happening? Rose watched his head move, and seconds later his mouth was on hers. At first the caress of his lips was light, and then something changed. His hands sank into her hair, fisting the strands. Her ni**les hardened, and her pu**y grew wet with need. She ached all over, and a fire was burning bright.

The kiss Peter had given her in the library had been the only thing to keep her stable throughout it all. She was weak where it came to him, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. He tilted her head back, exposing her neck, and he plunged his tongue inside her mouth.

She moaned, meeting his tongue with her own. Her heart pounded inside her chest so hard that she thought it was going to crash out of her chest.

He pressed her against the kitchen counter, holding her in place with his hands in her hair. Rose met his strokes and wished she knew what she was doing.

"Please," she said, moaning. Peter broke the contact to press kisses down her neck. He sucked on her exposed neck. The night shirt she wore was too big and had fallen down one arm.

"You're so f**king beautiful," he said.

She'd never thought herself as beautiful before. In Peter's arms, she felt it.

"Peter." His name came out as a groan. Nibbling her lip she gasped when he pushed her nightshirt down exposing one of her br**sts.

Refusing him was out of the question. She was so turned on, and she would do everything he asked.

"I shouldn't be doing this," he said.

"Please, don't stop." She lifted her hands up touching his arms. In all the time they'd known each other they'd never really been together intimately. She couldn't recall really touching him.

"This isn't right," he said. Peter still held her arms, and her breast was still exposed. His gaze went from her breast to her eyes then back again. She saw the fight he was having.

"This is so right. I'm not afraid with you, Peter. Please, I want you to be my first," she said.

The instant the words left her lips, Rose felt him withdraw from her. She cursed her own stupidity as he looked at her. He drew her nightshirt back up, gave her one last lingering kiss, and backed away.

He didn't say a word as he made her a sandwich. She ate in silence aware of his emotional and physical withdrawal.

"I need to go to the club for an hour. Will you be okay by yourself?" he asked.

She wanted to ask why. Less than a couple of hours ago he'd told her he wouldn't leave her.

"No problem."

He gave her a card with several numbers on. "Here is where you can reach us all. Don't answer the door to anyone. If something happens and you're scared, call me and I'll be here."

Peter hesitated, and all she wanted to do was go back to what they were doing. Instead, she picked up her sandwich and took a bite, not tasting anything. He left a few minutes later. Closing her eyes, she wished there was something she could do to have stopped him. Finished with her sandwich she started to clear away the dishes. She stood at the kitchen sink, washing the plates and putting away the stuff he'd taken from the fridge. Her heart ached for what she couldn't have.

The town loved to talk about the outcasts, and she'd heard a lot of rumours about him. She knew he was a Dom and what a Dom was. They'd also been a lot of talk about his feelings for Dean's wife. She'd seen Laura Riley around town, and Laura was a beautiful woman.

The sound of the back door unlocking made Rose pause in her tracks. It was like she'd imagined her into appearance. Laura Riley stood removing her coat. "Peter, I'm going to kick your ass if you don't come here."

Clearing her throat, Rose gained the other woman's attention. "I'm sorry, but he's not here."

Laura's gaze turned to her.

"What?"

"He's left to go to the club. You've just missed him." Rose turned the tap off. She saw why Peter loved the other woman. There was no way she could compete with Laura.

"I know I should have called, but he's been avoiding me." Laura moved forward, offering a hand. "I'm Laura Riley."

"Rose Slater." She shook her hand. Rose wished she could find fault with the other woman, but there was nothing there. Laura looked happy to see her. Her gaze went up and down Rose's body. Glancing down, Rose remembered she was in a nightshirt. "I'm sorry."

"No, don't be sorry. If you're why Peter's been avoiding me then I'm happy."

She shook her head. "I'm not the reason why."

"I don't understand," Laura said. "If you're not here because of Peter then why are you?"

Heat rose in her cheeks. Rose didn't know how to explain.

"He's helping me out of a tricky situation. Nothing is going on with me or with Peter. He doesn't see me that way."

She thought about his kiss and his instant withdrawal from her. This woman was why Peter didn't start anything with anyone else. He was totally in love with Laura Riley. Any hope she had at having a chance with Peter vanished. She saw the affection Laura had for Peter, and they'd been friends for a long time. There was no way for her to fight for a small piece of his heart.

"Well, how did you two meet?" Laura asked, keeping the subject on Peter but changing it slightly.

"We met at the library. I work there. I mean I used to work there."

Laura smiled. "I remember working in the library. He always sat in the historical section. It was always quiet."

Rose's heart broke. Rose had thought he sat there to get some quiet time away from the rest of the library but to also talk to her. He'd probably been in the library hoping to relive memories of his time with Laura.

"Yeah, I forgot about that." Rose smiled, wishing the pain would swallow her up. She'd been falling for a guy she had no chance with. The more she thought about it, the harder it was for her to handle.

"Come on, tell me some more," Laura said.

Not wanting to send her away, Rose sat down and talked with the older woman. She answered all her questions, and each time Laura said something, Rose felt her heart break a little more. She didn't even know if she'd be able to survive the rest of the night.

Chapter Six

Peter shouldn't have left her. He sat in one of the private booths watching as Edward worked over a sub's ass. The older man knew what he was doing with the leather-bound whip, and all Peter could do was admire his skill. His c**k wasn't rock hard for anything other than the little blonde back at his home.

He shouldn't have kissed her. Not only shouldn't he have kissed her but he also shouldn't have exposed her glorious full tit for him to see. Now he couldn't stop thinking about her tits and how they'd taste in his mouth. Downing down the shot of whisky, he relished the burn it made him feel.

The sounds of male and female moans filtered through the air. None of them would sound like Rose when she came. He'd been so close to spreading her out on the counter and feasting from her body. Instead, he'd backed away. Rose was a f**king virgin. He'd never taken a virgin before in all of his life. The subs that came to him had experience. They knew the score and didn't expect anything from him. Rose hadn't even been taken by a man, and he doubted she'd experienced an orgasm.

Edward sat back on the bench looking mighty smug.

"What the f**k are you smiling at?" Peter asked.

"Well, mate, I just saw a woman completely lose it, go into sub space, and I helped bring her down. I'll be taking her to bed tonight, to make sure she doesn't fall from her high. I'm all in good spirits. What are you doing here when you've got a pretty blonde waiting for you at home?" Edward asked, turning the questions on him.

"The blonde is not mine." Peter motioned to the waitress for a refill. Edward covered the glass, shaking his head.

"What are you doing?" Peter wasn't in the mood to be controlled.

"I'm saving you from making a mistake. Alcohol, even in an experienced Dom, can change our focus. You're not getting drunk on my watch." Edward held up the bottled watered and motioned for two.

"Nothing is going to happen between Rose and me," Peter said, grumbling. He never drank to numb the pain. There was a time he'd hoped something would numb it, but only hard work and determination kept Laura out of his thoughts. Even though, thinking over the last few months, he'd not been constantly plagued by Laura. She wasn't the first person he thought about, and ever since he'd met Rose, Laura had been the last thing on his mind, if she entered it at all.

"That girl is in love with you, Peter. I saw it in her eyes."

"You got hard for her," Peter said.

Edward shook his head. "She's a beautiful, full, ripe woman. A single man would be crazy not to get hard for her, but her eyes were on you, Peter. You're the only person she wanted."

Peter took the bottled water from the waitress and thanked her. She lingered a little, but he refused to give her anything in return. He didn't play with the waiting staff or any of the staff at William's club. Peter thought about Rose. How was he going to keep his distance if she was working at the club?

"You can't deny you don't have feelings for her," Edward said, drawing him back into a conversation.

"And why can't I?"

"If you didn't have feelings for her, Peter, you wouldn't have taken her away from her parents. You've got feelings for her. You're just trying to hide from them."

He hated the fact his friend was right. Edward shouldn't be right about shit like this.

Sipping down the cold water Peter wondered what he was going to do. He couldn't stand the thought of setting her up alone elsewhere. The last couple of days of not seeing her had driven him crazy. Rose had become part of his life. The library became his one piece of heaven because he was close to her. When that was taken away from him, he'd been lost.

"Rose is a virgin. She's never been with another man before."

Edward nodded. "I saw that. Innocence clings to women, and I can spot them miles away. Rose didn't have to open her mouth before I saw it. She doesn't see herself as desirable either. Coming downstairs in that shirt revealed so much about her, Peter. She needs a good Dom and a good man."

"She's too young to know what she wants."

"Yet you settled for being in love with Laura from a young age. You went after her in college, but I recall you saying you felt for her in high school, right? That would put you at eighteen," Edward said, arguing. "Besides, you don't need to tie her up and spank her to be a Dom. You can wait for all that. I know you don't crave it, Peter. You're an experienced Dom, but it's not something you need to keep yourself grounded. There is so much more to you than you realise."

Peter took a long pull on the bottle. He really wished it was whisky. "Have you ever been with a virgin?"

"Yes, I've had two virgins in my life."

Licking his lips, Peter felt embarrassed to be asking such questions. "How do you treat them?"

Edward chuckled. "You start out treating them like bone china. You make sure they know your desire, but you keep it locked away. Never frighten them and always show them how to take care of their bodies. Women have the right to know what to do with themselves more than anything."

Peter listened. He really wanted to make it work with Rose. He couldn't give her his heart, but he could give her a life with him.

"The first time will always be painful. There's nothing you can do to ease it. Ride the wave, listen to their bodies, and then let everything else come naturally." Edward grabbed his hand. "You're a natural, and you care for Rose. You don't need instructions on how to care for her."

Nodding, Peter threw down a bill and turned to leave. "Thank you for discussing this with me."

"Take care of her, Peter. She's a keeper."

Peter waved goodbye and headed back home.

****

Rose watched as Laura poured another cup of tea. There was a grace to the other woman that Rose knew she was lacking. Laura looked comfortable and confident in her own skin while Rose felt anything but.

She listened to Laura talk about her marriage and the children. The other woman sounded so happy.

"Did you ever love Peter?" Rose asked.

Laura paused, turning to stare at her.

"I'm sorry. That's rude."

"No, it's not rude at all. I know there's a lot of gossip around town. You've not lived with Peter long have you?" Laura asked, bringing over the two cups.

"This is my first night." Biting her lip Rose stared at the other woman wondering what she'd make of her words.

"Peter's and my relationship goes a long way back. We went to the same high school. We were not really good friends, and I tutored him in high school." Laura shook her head smiling. "College was when things started to change. It's crazy when I think back to that time. Dean hadn't long been in Cape Falls, and I'd already fallen for him. I found out later that Peter had fallen in love with me."

Rose waited as the woman paused in her story.

"I fell pregnant with Dean's baby. He'd left, and everything went to hell and back. Peter was always there. I never let it get far. I knew he was in love with me, but I made it clear that my love for Dean would always hold me back." Laura laughed. "He was going to raise my child as his own."

"Peter is a good guy." Rose agreed.

"He's the best. Peter wasn't always good. Growing up he was a bully and a jerk. When I see him now, I'm shocked by the transformation inside him. He's amazing and nothing like the guy I remember from our early years."

"His love for you hasn't changed," Rose said.

Laura sighed. "I can't speak for his feelings, Rose. I've never encouraged him. He's my best friend, and yes, he's the person I turn to." Laura licked her lips. "I thought Dean was cheating on me, but he'd gotten cancer. Peter was there for me and Dean. I don't know about his feelings anymore."

"That kind of love doesn't go away," Rose said, hurting inside.

"Or it changes without anyone realising it."

Rose frowned, not understanding the other woman.

"Peter is stubborn. You mean something to him, Rose."

She wasn't going to dispute Laura's words. There was no need to fight what Rose already knew. Peter was in love with Laura, and that was never going to change.

The sound of the front door opening made Rose pause. She still wore her nightshirt. Peter appeared in the doorway, stopping when he saw Laura. He was soaking wet, and she finally heard the rain falling outside. His eyes widened, and Rose saw his guard fall into place.

"Laura, what are you doing here?" Peter asked.

His gaze remained rooted on Laura's face. Rose knew she didn't stand a chance even if his gaze had looked more shocked than happy by Laura's appearance.

"She came to see you, and I've taken up too much of your time." Rose stood, leaving her cup on the table. "It was lovely to meet you, Laura." She smiled at the other woman and left them alone in the kitchen. Making her way upstairs, Rose left her door partially ajar.

Going to the window she sat down on the sofa in the corner in the room. She watched the rain falling in the dark night. It was still warm. Holding onto her knees she wondered what was happening downstairs. Tears filled her eyes and fell down her cheeks as another wave of pain consumed her. She couldn't handle the pain. Peter was in love with a woman who she had no chance of competing with.

Laura was a lucky woman to have two men who loved her. All Rose wanted was to have one man love her.

Wiping the tears from her cheeks, Rose stared out of the window wondering what she was going to do with her life.

Staying with Peter for any length of time was out of the question. She couldn't live with him, knowing he wanted another woman.

Rose watched the rain fall down the windows finding little comfort in the constant pitter-patter of the rain hitting the windows. Even if she didn't stay with Peter there was no chance she was going back home.

Brad was dangerous news. There was never any proof of what he did to women. What could she do?

Shaking the fears from her thoughts she allowed herself to relax. Peter wasn't going to kick her out of his home. She had a few weeks to get her bearings back.

****

Brad kicked over the television watching it smash. He'd been told by his father that Rose hadn't been kidnapped. She'd gone with Peter Miller willingly. The f**king bitch was supposed to be his woman. He'd planned everything. Rose was going to be his wife, and she was going to do everything she was told.

"You can have any woman you want, Brad. Rose is not worth this shit," Adam said.

Tyler was sat on the sofa waiting, and John stood near the door silent.

His plans had f**ked up because of that bastard. The tension inside him wouldn't ease. His wedding night was going to consist of sharing her with all three of his friends. They were all together in their plans. Adam, Tyler, and John wanted Rose. He'd seen the desire for her on their faces. She'd been the one of the girls they'd left alone. They'd watched her for many years. Her family was part of the old Cape Falls ways. She would follow in her mother's footsteps doing as she was told.

"I don't want any other woman. I want Rose. All the other women before her were just sluts," Brad said. They'd taken a lot of women in the last few years. Some of the women had tried to make out they'd forced them. All four of them had made sure the women didn't talk.

"I need another woman."

John jerked. "You said Stacey was the last time. We're not doing that again."

Brad shook his head. "She was going to be the last woman. Rose was going to be ours. Until I get her back, my plans have changed."

He headed toward the door.

"No, I can't do that again," John said. "I won't."

Grabbing his friend around the neck, Brad noticed John didn't look frightened at all.

"We're in this together no matter what happens. Remember, John, you never went to the cops before now. You're an accomplice even if you don't join in the fun."

He let go of his friend and headed out the door. Rose was going to pay, and until then, he'd find another weak woman afraid of him. The one guarantee in Cape Falls was there were always women who were not heard. The Steer brothers and the f**king outcasts had tried to change that. No one could change it now.

Chapter Seven

Peter waited for Rose to leave before turning his attention to Laura. He fisted his hands at his sides staring at the woman he'd been in love with for as long as he could remember. Her beauty had grown with age, and she looked more beautiful each day. Even as he thought this, his body didn't respond to her again.

There was no tightening as he looked at her. She smiled at him.

"Hi, Peter."

"What are you doing here? Is everything okay?" he asked, moving toward the kettle.

"Everything is great. Rose is a beautiful woman. I love her hair. She's got pretty hair."

"Are you here to talk about my woman's hair?" He poured himself a strong coffee.

"She's your woman?"

The question made his pause.

"Yes, Rose is my woman."

He turned back to Laura and waited.

"Rose doesn't know she is. She doesn't know what she is when it comes to you." Laura stood, going toward him. She put her cup on the counter, staring at him.

"Why are you here, Laura?" he asked.

"Rose thinks you're in love with me, Peter."

"That's not new. Everyone in Cape Falls knows I'm in love with you."

Laura cocked her head to the side, looking at him. "Do they?"

Sipping at the warm liquid he waited for her to continue.

"You're not in love with me, Peter."

He laughed. "You're going to tell me how I feel?"

"Okay, I've beaten around the bush because I don't want to hurt your feelings, but you're getting old. It's time you had a wakeup call. You're the only person in Cape Falls, in our little outcast circle, who thinks you're in love with me."

"This is going to be good," Peter said, ignoring her last words. Laura angry was actually quite comical.

"You're not in love with me, Peter. You haven't been in love with me for a long time."

He shook his head.

"You don't get hard for me. For a couple of years you tried to hide your erection whenever you touched me. I saw it and never mentioned it. For the last couple of years, even before Dean got his cancer, you didn't try to stop hugging me completely. You've been flaccid, Peter."

He listened to her explanation. Peter couldn't remember when he'd stopped responding to her, only that he had been unresponsive to her. Her body was amazing. He adored her curves, but in his mind he saw Rose's curves. At the thought of Rose his c**k started to stiffen.

Frowning, he cut the thoughts of Rose out of his mind and stared at Laura. His c**k started to go. What the hell was happening to him? He never wanted to analyse his lack of response to Laura. Loving her was the only thing he knew how to do.

"You're not interested in me. Your love for me has changed, Peter."

She stepped up close to him. Grabbing his hand, she pressed it against her breast.

"What the hell are you doing?" he asked, trying to pull out of her grasp.

"I'm proving something to you." In the next breath her lips were on his, and Peter did everything he could to fight her.

This is your chance. Kiss her.

Cupping her cheek, Peter tried to deepen the kiss, but every time he did, he couldn't help but feel sick to his stomach.

This wasn't right.

Dropping her hands, Laura stepped back.

He felt nothing. Peter wasn't disappointed or upset by his lack of response.

"Why did you do that? What is Dean going to think?" he asked, wiping his mouth.

Laura laughed. "Dean was the one who ordered me here. He felt it was time you realised the truth seeing as you were more than happy to stay blind to it."

"What truth?" Peter asked, feeling all wrong for kissing her.

"Your love for me is not like the love of a man for a woman. You see me as your friend or as your sister. Nothing else, Peter. In fact, I'm grossed out right now because I see you as my brother." Laura wiped her mouth, looking as grossed out as he felt.

"Why didn't you just tell me?" he asked, hating the truth blaring in his face.

"You weren't taking the hint. You're hiding behind your feelings for me, and it needs to stop."

Laura pointed up at the ceiling. "There's a woman upstairs who feels more for you. You should give her the time of day, Peter, before you lose every chance."

"Tell Dean's he's f**ked in the head for letting you do that."

She laughed. "I will, and I'll be telling him off for making me do it. I love you, Peter, and I want to see you happy."

"I love you, too."

And he did, but now that love was different. He recognised it and smiled. Peter felt free for the first time in the last ten years. He'd not been responding to her, and now the crushing pain had eased. His heart was free to love again. Peter was free to love Rose.

"I'm going to go. Go and get your woman, Peter, and don't drive her away. This is your chance to get your happy ending."

Laura left minutes later. He called Dean giving the guy a talking to and letting him know Laura was on her way home.

Locking up his home, Peter made his way upstairs. He found the guest room door open. Stepping inside he found Rose curled up on the sofa near the window.

"How is Laura?" Rose asked. The room was too dark, and he flicked the switch on.

"She's fine, and she's made me realise a lot of things." He moved closer, taking a seat next to her.

Her fingers were white from holding her legs. She appeared to be holding onto herself. Reaching out, he took one of her hands in his, but she shrugged him off.

Her cheeks were flushed, and he saw the hurt in her eyes. "You've been crying."

"No, I haven't." She wiped at her cheeks.

"You're lying." He reached out, wiping the tears from her eyes. When she didn't push him away, Peter pulled her onto his lap.

"Why did you kiss me when your heart belongs to another woman?" she asked, shocking him.

Closing his eyes, Peter tried to find the right words. "I'm not in love with Laura. I thought I was, but I'm not."

"How can you know?" she asked.

"I just know." He couldn't explain it to her.

"Why are you telling me this?"

He tilted her head back to see him. "Because I want to have something with you, and if I'm not mistaken I think you want to have something with me."

She stared up at him, silently without speaking.

"Answer me, please, Rose," he said.

****

Rose stared up into his eyes wondering how best to answer. How could he suddenly change his feelings about Laura? She didn't know what to trust. It was all so confusing.

"Tell me the truth," Peter said.

"Yes, I want to be with you."

"Then trust me. Laura is not an issue, and she hasn't been for a long time."

Licking her lips, she looked past his shoulder outside to where the rain was falling.

"Why did you stop earlier?" she asked, needing to know the truth.

"You've never been with a man, baby. I've never been with a virgin, and I didn't know how to handle that. I want to give you everything, and at that time I couldn't give you what you needed."

Her cheeks had to be flushed with her embarrassment. She'd never spoken to anyone about her virginity. Rose recalled Brad's demands of keeping her innocence, and she wanted rid of it.

"I want you, Peter. Only you."

"What about everything you've been through?" he asked, tucking hair behind her ear.

"I've not been through anything. My food was taken away from me. Brad didn't do anything to me. I've not been affected by it, and I don't want to spend time thinking about it." She tried to reassure him.

"We'll take everything slowly. I want you to get used to your freedom, Rose. I'll take you to Control tomorrow, and William will talk you through your work."

She nodded, nervous about going to somewhere different.

"You're moving to my room," Peter said, picking her up in his arms.

Rose squealed, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"I can walk."

"And I want to carry you. I like having you in my arms."

She held onto his neck as he carried her out of the room. He entered his room, which was next door.

His bed was large and dominated most of the room. Everything was moving fast, but Rose didn't care. She'd spent many months daydreaming about this one man, and now he was carrying her through to his bedroom.

"Nothing is going to happen tonight." Peter tucked her in bed. "I'm going to take a shower. You can fall asleep if you want. I'll be back soon."

She watched him walk into the en-suite bathroom, and she became aware of his wealth. Peter had been disowned by his family, but he'd worked his way back up in the world. She wondered if all his money came from the club. Pushing the thoughts aside, she pulled the blanket underneath her chin, watching the door.

Hearing the water running, she imagined him na**d in the shower. She'd never seen a man na**d before, and her curiosity was getting the better of her.

Stay in bed.

I want to see him.

Making one final decision, she shoved the blanket off her and padded toward the bathroom. The light was on, and she pushed the door open. The glass of the shower door showed his na**d body. His body was smeared because of the style of glass, and she couldn't make him out.

The shower shut off, and she knew she should turn away and get back into bed. She couldn't move. Rose felt rooted to the spot.

The shower stall opened, and Peter was climbing out. His body was hard, ripped, and made her mouth water. He had several tattoos on his chest and down his body. She saw a love heart painted black and several words she couldn't understand.

"Rose," he said.

She stared at him surprised. Rose wouldn't have pictured him with tattoos. Gazing down his body she saw his c**k thickening. Peter was getting hard before her very eyes. Licking her lips, she quickly returned her gaze to his.

He didn't reach for a towel. They were both stood frozen staring at each other.

"I've never seen a na**d man before," she said, blurting out the words.

His gaze moved down her body. "Take your nightshirt off."

The order left his lips, and Rose stared at him shocked.

"What?"

"You've seen me. I think it's fair I see you."

"No, I thought you said nothing was going to happen?" she asked, unsure. Her hands itched to do what he asked. Rose always felt the need to please him.

"Nothing is going to happen. We can get na**d without anything happening."

She stared into his eyes and lifted the nightshirt over her head. Rose felt her hair graze her bu**ocks as it fell around her. She wasn't wearing any panties with her nightshirt.

"You're so beautiful," Peter said.

"Why did you get tattoos?" she asked.

"I like the feel of the needle on my skin." He took a step toward her. She held her ground refusing to back away. "Do you like them?"

She kept her gaze locked on his. He stepped right up close to her. Licking her lips, Rose glanced down looking at each tattoo.

"They're beautiful."

"I love them. Touch them," he said.

Jerking her gaze back up to his, Rose couldn't be sure if she'd heard him correctly.

"You want me to touch you?"

In answer, he grabbed her hand and placed it on his chest. "I always want you to touch me, Rose. I've watched you putting books away, and I couldn't stop myself from imagining what it would be like to have your hands on my body."

Her hand was palm flat on his chest. She felt his heart beating rapidly in his chest.

"I never knew that," she said, looking at him.

He felt warm. His chest was damp from the shower. Peter's palms covered hers on his chest.

"Touch me, Rose."

His hand moved hers up to his neck. She felt his pulse pounding, and then he brought her hand down to his chest. First one nipple pressed against her palm and then the other. Biting her lip she followed the path of her hand, going down.

"I'm going to touch you now, okay?" he asked.

She nodded, not really listening to him. He reached out touching her face. She caressed his abs moving down to grip the hard length of his cock.

He groaned. "Be careful with that. Light touches are better than not."

Rose chuckled.

His hand moved down to cup her breast in his palm, and she couldn't remember how to breathe.

Chapter Eight

"Breathe, Rose," Peter said. His hand cupped her mound. Her hard nipple poked against his palm. His c**k hardened with renewed need. Rose's small fist tightened on him. "Loosen your grip, baby."

If she held him much tighter she threatened to cut off his circulation.

"Sorry, I don't know what I'm doing."

Peter smiled. "Don't worry. I'll teach you everything you need to know." Her blue eyes glittered up at him.

Her chest rose and fell with every indrawn breath she took.

"Do you like what I'm doing?" he asked.

"You're not doing anything."

He changed that, stroking her nipple with his finger. She gasped, staring down at where he touched her.

"It feels nice," she said. Rose looked up at him, closing her eyes.

Peter came back to her. He was more than happy to leave tonight with nothing happening between them. Licking his lips, Peter knew he only had so much control. This was not about dominance. He wanted Rose, badly.

Moving her backwards, Peter turned the light on as he pushed her to the bed. She went back, her hand holding her steady.

"What's going on?" she asked.

He stopped. "Do you want me?"

"Yes."

"If you want me to stop you'll say so."

Her gaze met his. "I will."

"Then lean back. Stop me if you get afraid. I'm going to show you how amazing two people can feel together." He knelt on the bed, following her up.

She kept looking at his c**k and then at his face.

"Open your legs."

Rose did as he asked, opening her thighs. Peter settled between them with his hands going either side of her head.

"Tell me what you're feeling right now?" he asked.

"I'm nervous."

"Why?"

"I've never done anything like this before. I don't know what's expected of me."

"Are you frightened of me?" he asked, needing to know the answer.

"I could never be frightened of you, Peter." Her hand rested on his cheek. She pulled away seconds later. Grabbing her hand in his, Peter pressed her palm against his cheek. Closing his eyes, he relished the sensation, moaning into her palm.

"I love it when you touch me." Peter wasn't lying. His body hummed with desire at the simple touch of her hands. Her voice made him hard. Everything about her made him rock hard.

"You're a Dom. How can you settle with me?" she asked.

He smiled. "I've always been a Dom, baby, but I don't need it. I do it because I enjoy it, but I can live without it." He'd happily live without it if it meant having Rose by his side. In the last few hours he'd been freed, and he was the person to have put himself in the trap. He did love Laura, but he wasn't in love with her. For the first time in his life he could be happy, truly happy without fear of not being whole.

Peter stared down into Rose's beautiful blue eyes, seeing her feelings written on her face. He truly believed he could be in love with her. She was so beautiful and kind. He loved spending time with her. He loved being around her. She made him a better person by existing.

"And having you is not settling. I can promise you that."

He leaned down, taking her lips under his. "Kiss me back," he said, breaking contact long enough to speak to her. She moaned, opening her mouth for him. Peter cupped her face, moving his hand down her body. She was so curvy that her body filled his hands perfectly.

Moving from her lips down, Peter kissed her neck then her collarbone. He kissed his way down to the tops of her br**sts. His mouth watered, and then he was sucking on her red-tipped buds.

Rose cried out, thrusting her h*ps against him. Pressing a palm to her stomach Peter held her steady.

"Stay still. I'll get there soon," he said.

She stilled under his touch, staring up at him. Going back to her na**d br**sts, Peter sucked on one red-tipped nipple before going to the next bud. He changed between each nipple, dividing his attention.

He pressed both of her br**sts together, licking the tips with his tongue. Rose moaned. She kept still as he sucked on her sweet little ni**les. Her tits were so large and her ni**les so small, but Peter found them addictive. She smelt like strawberries, really luscious and sweet.

"So perfect." He rubbed his thumbs against each tight bud. Caressing his hands down her sides, he kissed a path to her full rounded stomach. Even though she'd been withheld food, her curves were still in place. He kissed the bottom of her stomach just above her pubic hair.

Peter chanced a glance up at her before settling between her thighs. Her legs were wide open, and her feminine scent permeated the air. "Are you ready for me?" he asked.

"Yes."

"I'm going to lick your cl*t and bring you to orgasm, and then I'm going to f**k you, baby. I'll go gentle."

She nodded, staring down at him.

"Tell me no, and I'll stop." Only when he was satisfied she understood his words did he gaze down at her pu**y. Her pubic hair covered her outer lips. Peter opened her lips exposing her creamy slit. Rose was turned on, and her cl*t was glistening in the low light. Her scent grew stronger.

Her cl*t was red and swollen begging to be stroked. He watched her response as he pressed a thumb to her aching bud.

Rose screamed out, sitting up on the bed.

"It's okay, baby. I'm touching your clit," he said.

She lay back, and he noticed she was shaking a little from his caresses. He touched her lightly, trying to get her used to the small touches of his fingers. Peter watched her responses. Her ni**les tightened even more, and her stomach shook. Cream spilled from her body, encouraging his touches.

When she stopped jerking from the caress of his fingers Peter replaced them with his tongue. He licked in one long stripe over her creamy slit. Circling the nub, Peter teased her relentlessly. He felt her close to the edge, and he pulled away.

Pinching her ni**les between his thumb and finger he increased the pressure watching her writhe in pleasure.

"Feels so good," she said, squirming at his touches.

Peter drew everything out until he finally brought her to her first orgasm. Rose sat up on the bed, crying out, shaking and gripping his hair. He kept up his teases until her first orgasm began to ebb away.

Wiping her juices from his chin, he moved up the bed, wrapping an arm around her.

"Wow," she said, smiling.

"I take it you've never experienced an orgasm before?" he asked.

"No. That's my first."

Peter felt a huge sweep of possessive pleasure knowing he was going to be the first man to have her.

He'd be the only man to have her. There was no way he'd be able to share her with another man like William had Daisy.

"Get ready for many more firsts," Peter said, kissing her.

She pulled away licking her lips. "What's that taste?"

"It's your pu**y, baby. You've got such a nice taste. I'll be going down on you again." He stroked her cheek seeing her eyes glistening. "What's the matter, Rose?" he asked. "You can talk to me about anything."

****

Rose didn't know the right words. How did she communicate her thoughts? Her body was humming from the orgasm he'd given her, and he'd mentioned he was going to do it again to her. Was that going to be it? Would tonight be her one and only time with him?

The thought upset her. She didn't just want one night with Peter.

"I guess I was just wondering where we went from here. I mean, I don't know what the future holds, and we've not been together for long. We don't even know that much about each other."

He took her hand, resting it against his very hard, tattooed chest. Peter was warm to the touch. She licked her lips, wondering if he tasted as good as he looked.

She had to be going insane. There was no other explanation for her sudden need to lick him.

Get a grip, Rose.

"We know a lot about each other, Rose. Information and knowledge are overrated. I look forward to getting to know you as we explore this thing between us. Getting to know one another can be the fun part in everything."

His hand moved down her body, cupping her breast in his palm.

"Unless you don't want to be with me after tonight?" he asked.

"No, I want to be with you. What about Laura? I don't know how you can be in love with her for so long and then decide one night you're not."

She heard him sigh. His hands didn't leave her body. One palm moved down to cup her mound.

"For a long time I've been in love with Laura. I could never have her, and I've not even tried to fall for another woman. I've never given myself the chance to love someone else. Over time my feelings for Laura have changed. I still love her. She's my best friend, but she's not the woman I'm in love with."

A finger slipped between her folds, touching her clit.

"I think I could be falling for you," he said.

His honesty surprised her. She'd never expected it at all. Rose stared into his eyes wondering why he was putting himself out there.

"I think I'm falling for you as well," she said, wanting to put herself out there for him to catch.

Peter teased her clit, stroking her nub. They were moving fast, but that was the way she wanted it to be.

He brought her to another orgasm with his fingers. His touch ignited a new fire within her body. She didn't know she could feel so much pleasure.

"You should be wet enough for me now," he said. "Tell me now if you want me to stop."

"I don't want you to stop." She needed him to continue. There was no way she was leaving this bed a virgin. Peter was the only person she wanted to be with. He was the only man she ever thought about.

He settled between her thighs once again. Peter leaned over, going into the drawer beside the bed. "I'm going to get a condom. I doubt you're on birth control."

"I'm not allowed birth control," she said.

"We'll get you sorted in a few weeks. We can use condoms until then."

She watched as he tore open the condom wrapper open, exposing the latex. Her gaze didn't drift as he rolled the condom over his erect length.

She saw him grip his c**k in his hand seconds before she felt the tip of him rubbing against her pu**y.

Letting out a gasp she felt the tip of him enter her. Both of his arms went either side of her head.

"Are you ready for this, baby?"

"Yes."

"It will hurt. I'm not going to lie to you. Most women's first time hurts. I'll be careful, and you'll tell me if it hurts."

Peter didn't seem to be asking her a question, and she didn't respond to his comment. There was no need for her to.

She was laid out on the bed, exposed for him to do what he wanted.

He stared into her eyes, and Rose was caught in his gaze. She didn't want to look away from him. Rose trusted him completely.

Peter started to move. She didn't tense up. He slammed inside her in one smooth thrust. The pain took her by surprise. He'd warned her, but she'd not really believed it.

She cried out, sinking her nails into his arms.

"I'm sorry," he said, stroking her body.

He was so thick, and she felt stretched from his possession.

"You're so tight."

For several minutes neither of them moved, and only when Rose was ready did she nod for him to continue.

He pushed deep into her body and then out. Peter kept up a smooth pace taking her deeply. His lips were on hers, his hands brushing up and down her body with every thrust.

Rose held onto his arms meeting him with ever press of his hips. He was rock hard, and the pain his penetration initially created numbed against all the pleasure she was experiencing.

Her body became a vessel of his need, and she responded to his touch.

"This first time I'm not going to last," Peter said, through gritted teeth. "I want you to come again before I lose it."

She didn't think it was possible to have a third orgasm. Peter took her by surprise when he teased her body into submission. She let go, and her screams were captured by Peter's kisses.

He tensed above her. His c**k pulsed inside her letting her know he'd found his release as well.

Rose lay back and had never felt so happy before in her life. She'd given Peter her virginity, and she knew in her heart and soul, he'd cherish the gift she'd given him.

He collapsed on top of her. His weight squashed her onto the bed.

"I'll move when I get my bearings back."

Rose chuckled. "I don't mind." She ran her hands all over his back.

"I'm never usually insecure about my ability in the bedroom, but I need to know if it was good for you, Rose."

She smiled up at him. Did Peter have any idea how sweet he was?

"It was perfect. I wouldn't change a thing."

"Thank you." He brushed her lips with his and held her tight. For the first time in her life, Rose felt loved.

****

John couldn't stop vomiting. Brad, Adam, and Tyler had all left, but he couldn't bring himself to leave. The woman they'd picked was a mess. He stared down at her where she was curled up in a ball. Kelly Lighthouse was a sweet young woman who'd finished high school and was working at the nursery. He'd seen her around town plenty of times.

Why had the guys picked her?

He never hurt anyone.

But I did.

John had hurt the women his friends picked because he never reported them. The women left town or disappeared. He couldn't even keep track of them anymore. He was twenty-two years old and had been out of high school a long time.

Brad promised him the girls loved it and were only fighting it because it was in their nature. John couldn't believe that any more.

Bending down John found the strength to lift her in his arms. She was so small that he was surprised she was still breathing.

Taking a deep breath he took her out to his car. He couldn't leave her. Kelly deserved more than that. All the women he'd let pass deserved more than that. Their voices needed to be heard.

Placing her gently in the back of his car, John pulled out his cell phone. Before he typed in the number he leaned forward and threw up again. His stomach was empty, and there was nothing coming up. He was dry heaving.

He took a deep breath. If he didn't do this now, he'd never do it, and the women needed to be heard.

Punching in the number he waited for the sheriff's department to answer.

John didn't give the person chance to speak. "I need to report a gang rape."

Chapter Nine

Peter stared down into Rose's face. She looked so peaceful in sleep. Stroking her face, he untangled his limbs and made his way downstairs. The sun was shining, and the rain appeared to have been dried up because of it. He whistled, setting up his coffee machine, waiting for Rose to wake up.

He was in love with her. Peter felt it deep into his soul. Rose was a special woman, and he looked forward to spending a great deal of time with her. Laura had given him back his life. He'd never have thought for one moment he was over her at all. Loving Laura had been part of him for so long it was natural to feel certain things. His body never lied. He wasn't yearning for Laura anymore, and he'd be damned if he wasted another moment of his life.

Humming to himself, Peter was shocked to hear the sound of his door being knocked. He tightened the robe around his body, making his way toward the front door.

William, Edward, and Gabriel were standing there. Their faces were grim, and Peter was on alert.

"Why do I feel like this is not a social call?" he asked.

"Can we come in?" Gabriel asked.

Nodding his head, Peter moved aside for the three men to pass.

He ushered them into the dining room. They all sat around the table, and Peter poured them all a strong coffee.

"You guys are starting to freak me out. What's going on?" Peter asked, nervous.

"I got a call last night from John Turner, Brad's friend," Gabriel said.

Peter tensed at Brad's name.

"What's going on?" Peter asked. He was tired of their pointed looks.

"Kelly Lighthouse was gang-raped last night. John has named Brad, Tyler, and Adam as being the men. I'm waiting for the DNA results. The bastards didn't wear condoms. The Steer brothers have made sure they remain in custody. Kelly was lucid enough to name them. The girl fought." Gabriel stopped and looked away.

Peter didn't know what to say. Kelly was such a sweet young woman. She had her whole life ahead of her. He couldn't believe something so horrible could happen to her.

He'd known something bad was going on with Brad. Peter had no idea it could have been something so awful.

"What's happening?" Peter asked.

"John has admitted he didn't have anything to do with the rape or the previous victims. He's mentioned a couple of names of women, but he doesn't remember them all," Gabriel said.

"Is he trying to save his own skin?" Peter asked, disgusted.

"No, he wants to be charged as well. I don't know what's happened to him, but he's like a changed man. He won't accept a lawyer and refuses to change his statement. When I told him he could get off with a warning or even a shorter sentence, John shook his head." Gabriel stopped, gripping his coffee cup lightly. "John said he didn't come forward sooner, and he was just as bad as his friends. He should have come forward. I've announced an emergency meeting in the town hall."

"Why?"

William and Edward remained quiet.

"The Steer brothers agree with me, as do these two," Gabriel said, pointing at the other men. "It's time to open up the town's minds. They're that closed off that four of their boys thought they could get away with it. I'm about to open their eyes to the truth of their actions."

Rose cleared her throat capturing their attention. "I think that's a good idea."

Peter went to her. He saw the tears in her eyes. Wrapping his arms around her body he pulled her in close.

"I need to go and see Kelly. She shouldn't be alone now," Rose said.

"Of course. We'll visit her later today."

"I've organised for the town meeting to be at two. It would be great if you two could make it," Gabriel said, standing.

"How is Kelly?" Rose asked, stopping the other man with a hand to his chest.

"She's hurting. There are no words to describe what she's been through."

"How are her parents handling it?" Rose asked, not letting the other man move.

"Her mother had to be sedated, and her father is being watched. He knows what's happening, and he wants to be at the town hall when I show them what's happened. Things are going to change in Cape Falls. It has to." Gabriel nodded at them before leaving. Edward and William left.

So much had changed, and Peter didn't know what the hell was going on. A few years ago, the Steer brothers had gotten permission to exhume their three fathers to find out which brother was Daisy's father. Peter recalled the hurt in both Paul and David when they discovered their youngest father had been the one to stray from their mother. Daisy, at least, had gotten some closure from the pain. Her mother and the youngest Steer brother were her parents. Paul, David, and Daisy's relationship was always strained.

The door closing pulled him out of his thoughts.

"I feel like I've woken up in the Twilight Zone," Rose said.

He stroked her hair wishing he could take everything away that she'd just heard.

"Do you know Kelly well?" he asked.

She shook her head. "No. I've seen her around town, but I don't really know her. It seems so cruel. I feel like I should know her."

"Don't worry about it, baby. There's nothing we can do other than be there for her."

He tightened his grip around her, not wanting to let her go.

"I feel so awful."

"Why?" Peter asked.

He was doing a lot of asking just recently.

"Last night was the best night of my life, and I'm so happy. I don't think I should be happy."

Taking hold of her chin, Peter forced her to meet his gaze. "You should be happy. You've got nothing to be guilty about."

"How can you not think I'm partly to blame?" she asked.

He didn't understand the sudden change in her mood. "Where are all these thoughts coming from?" he asked.

"If you hadn't taken me yesterday Brad might not have gone searching for another person," Rose said.

His anger was instant as he looked at her.

"No, you're not to blame. John finally came forward, and from what I heard this was not the first time." He stroked her cheek trying his best to reassure her. "There's no guilt here for you."

She smiled. Tears filled her eyes, spilling down her cheeks. "I don't think my thoughts are ever going to change."

"They will. Come on, go and get dressed. We'll take a trip to the hospital and then on to the town hall. This is going to be a long day."

Peter watched her leave as he went to the laundry room, grabbing out some laundered clothes. He paused in getting dressed. If this didn't wake up the sleeping town of Cape Falls, he really didn't know what would.

****

Rose rubbed her hands together as the nurse led her down to Kelly's room. Peter stayed behind along with a few of the other visitors. Kelly didn't want anyone to visit without her permission. Rose was surprised by the turn-out in the hospital. There were plenty of locals from Cape Falls present.

Her palms were sweaty, and she wished there was something more she could be doing.

"She's right through there," the nurse said.

There was a sense of doom around everyone. Rose sensed the pain in the hospital staff. Swallowing past the lump in her throat, Rose rounded the door. She saw Kelly's mother first. The older woman was reading to her daughter. Tears were evident on the woman's face as she looked at the woman on the bed.

Rose cleared her throat looking toward the bed. Kelly's face was bruised from fighting. Her body was covered with a hospital gown, covering most of the damage.

"Rose is here, honey. I'm going to check on your father and give him an update."

Rose watched the older woman kiss Kelly before leaving her alone. There was only a year between the two. They weren't strangers, but they weren't close to each other. Rose felt like she had to be here for the other woman.

Kelly stared at her, not saying a word.

"How are you feeling?" Rose asked, then cursed. "I'm so sorry. That was insensitive."

"You could start by coming inside and sitting down. I'd feel less contagious if you were to do that," Kelly said, her voice sounding hard.

Rose moved into the room, taking a seat that Kelly's mother had been sat in a moment ago.

Kelly let out a breath.

Rose saw the tears in the other woman's face. Kelly was older than she was by a couple of years. Having only left school last year, Rose didn't know if she could handle what Kelly was going through.

"I don't know what to say to you," Rose said, admitting the truth.

"No one does. My Dad gets angry, and I can't even look at him. Everything has changed."

"Do you remember what happened?"

Kelly nodded. "Yeah, I remember. I know you were engaged to be married to him." The disgust in Kelly's voice couldn't be covered up.

"I'm not, Kelly. It was forced. Peter Miller got me out of that mess, and I actually think I'm sort of dating him." Rose smiled and then stared at her lap. She shouldn't be talking about her good news.

"Don't do that."

Glancing up, Rose wondered what to say. "Don't do what?"

"Don't feel bad for having a happy life. He, erm, he complained about you leaving him while he was doing it. I know you're not with him at all." Kelly sat up, wincing as she did. Rose reached out to help, but the other woman shook her away. "Don't help me. I can't stand for people to touch me. I can talk to you because I know he tried to hurt you. You're different, Rose."

Nodding, Rose took a seat again.

"I know I'm considered sweet, and when I heard you were waiting to see me I thought you'd try and talk me out of getting him convicted. You and your family are part of the old ways where we keep crap to ourselves."

Rose shook her head. "He needs to rot in jail for this. I'd never try to talk you into doing something you didn't want to do."

"Good. I may be sweet to everyone, Rose, but I'm not going to back down from this. What they did was wrong. I'm not backing down, and I'm not giving up. They did this with other girls. They were talking about it while they-" Kelly shook her head. "Cape Falls needs to change. They thought they could get away with it."

"They won't, Kelly. Your voice will be heard above theirs. Things are going to change."

Kelly nodded. "I need you to make sure today that my voice is heard in that meeting. I want them to know the town is the cause of this."

Rose listened to Kelly's instructions. Gabriel would see Kelly's message was put across.

"I heard that John helped you."

The tears fell harder and faster. "He didn't do anything, Rose. He has to suffer with the rest of them."

Rose stayed listening to Kelly for a long time. When her mother finally returned, she said her goodbyes and made her way out. Peter was waiting for her. He stood when he saw her, and she went straight into his arms.

"It's okay, baby."

"She's strong, Peter. This shouldn't have happened to her. Her voice needs to be heard. Cape Falls has got to change, and she picked me to make sure her pain gets across."

She noticed several of the locals were listening to her talk with Peter. They turned away when she gave them a pointed look.

"We've got to go. The meeting will start in a minute."

Peter helped her into his car, and the drive was taken mostly in silence. Rose couldn't find the right words to say to him.

Everyone was going to change in Cape Falls. She didn't know why it was going to be now, but she knew it was. Kelly had started a rollercoaster ride, and no one was going to settle until they got justice.

The town hall was heaving with activity. Peter parked the car, and Rose waited for him to open her door. He was always the perfect gentlemen. She looped her arm through his, and together they made their way to the front of the hall. Their seats were reserved. Dean and Laura were sat together.

Peter waved at the couple, and Rose smiled. They took their seats next to Daisy and William. The red-head was crying as she held onto her husband.

There were murmurs among the folks. No voices were raised.

Silence fell on the hall as Gabriel took his place on the stand. He stood on the podium looking out at the audience. His voice would carry far and wide, and the few people who didn't make it to the hall would know what he said.

"I've brought you hear today for an incident that occurred last night." Gabriel stopped, looking down at his notepad. He started laughing, lifting up the notebook. "I was going to use a bunch of statistics and crap. You're not going to listen to this shit, and seeing as this is our small town I think it's time you all f**king woke up."

Rose flinched at the anger.

"Last night, Brad, Tyler, and Adam-you all know their last names. You've seen them together a number of times. They took Kelly Lighthouse and proceeded to gang-rape her."

Rose listened to his words, flinching as he detailed what had happened to Kelly. He went into graphic detail about what happened to her.

Biting her lip, Rose stared up at the stage then all around her. Not a soul in the room was without a tear. This was the harsh reality of what happened.

"They didn't think Kelly would have a voice because of the way this f**king town works. It ends now. I was going to leave. I was going to take my wife and children and leave this place because you're all a waste of my time. No, that's not going to happen. This ends now, today. You will leave this room, and you will think about that young woman who has been violated. You will leave this town knowing that every single one of you had a part to play in her crime."

Gabriel stormed off the stage not giving anyone a chance to argue.

The crowd didn't erupt in argument. Slowly, the crowd disappeared leaving the few outcasts remaining.

"I can't believe it has taken something like this to get through to them," Paul Steer said.

Everyone agreed.

Rose glanced down at where her hand was locked with Peter's. Both of their hands were locked tight.

Chapter Ten

Peter took Rose home. He didn't want her waiting around any longer than she had to. After he'd spoken with Dean they'd left. She was silent as he pulled into the driveway. He cut the engine off and climbed out. Walking around the car he helped her out.

"I didn't see my parents. Do you think they even know what's going on?" Rose asked.

"I think they do."

He helped her into the house, taking her straight to the sitting room. Peter didn't see the use of tea or coffee. Pouring a scotch for both of them, he handed her a glass before taking a seat next to her.

"Do you really think Gabriel's speech will help?"

Shrugging his shoulders, Peter gave her his undivided attention.

"I think the town is in shock. Cape Falls has never had to live through something like this. Everything is always brushed aside as if it doesn't matter. I hope it changes things," Peter said.

"What was it like for you and Laura when you left?" Rose asked.

He watched her toe off her shoes and settle her feet underneath her body.

"They cut us off. Her family refused to talk to her, and she was pregnant with Dean's baby. I was the one who told Dean to walk away. I thought he was too old for her and he'd only make her miserable." Peter laughed, recalling their conversation. "I then searched him out and begged him to return. At least, I think I begged him."

"You had two opportunities to get Laura, and you didn't take either of them."

Peter smiled. "Laura was never supposed to be my girl. I see that now. I was supposed to wait."

"What were you supposed to wait for?" Rose asked.

He reached over, twirling a strand of her blonde hair between his fingers. "I was supposed to wait for a beautiful, blonde-haired, blue-eyed vixen who keeps me on my toes. You, Rose, I was supposed to wait for you."

Peter couldn't hold back any longer. Leaning down he brushed her lips with his. The first touch was like electric on his lips. He didn't want it to stop.

"You're a charmer," Rose said.

"Always." He leaned back, giving her enough breathing room. "Then the Steer brothers showed their love for Anna, and the town just went crazy. I think in the last few years it has gotten worse." He shook his head, thinking about all the things he'd witnessed in the last few years. "Amy with her abusive husband, the town took his side. I never understood that. After Laura, Anna, Amy, and even Daisy, I lost all interest in the town. I didn't want to be part of something that hit back at the victims."

Peter took her hand, holding her close.

"I grew apart from the town, and my friends opened my mind up to everything else."

"Do you feel that if you hadn't supported Laura, you'd be like them?" Rose asked, getting it right.

"I don't want to think about what I would have been. I know I wouldn't be the guy I am today, and for that, I'm thankful."

Her smile grew wide.

"What?" he asked.

"Don't freak out, okay?"

He frowned, wondering what she could say that would make him freak out.

"I think I'm a bit in love with you right now," she said.

Peter's world stopped. Her smile captured him, but her words made him feel like a superhero.

"I think I'm a bit in love with you, too," he said.

Her smile brightened. He didn't know how it was possible for her smile to get better, but it did.

She took another swig from her glass. "Peter Miller, will you do me a favour and turn this day into a better one?"

He took her glass from her, placing it on the counter. Peter took her hand in his, leading her upstairs without speaking a word.

She followed him without fighting. Opening his door, he flicked the light on in his bedroom. Peter wanted to be able to see her, and he wouldn't be able to do that without the added light.

Taking her in his arms, Peter pushed the jacket from her shoulders. She didn't fight him, grabbing his shirt and tugging it over his head.

Groaning, he wrapped her hair around his fist, slamming his lips down on hers.

Their moans mingled, and her nails scored the flesh of his abdomen. Breaking away from the kiss he stared down into her eyes.

"Take your jeans off," he said.

Her hands fumbled with the button of her jeans. She flicked it open and started to remove her jeans and pants.

"Slowly. I want to see your body revealed to me slowly," he said.

She followed his instructions, peeling the jeans from her body slowly. All the time he kept his grip firm in her hair.

"Unbutton your shirt," he said.

He saw her hands were shaking, but he didn't help her. Peter watched her remove the shirt slowly. Licking his lips, he flicked the strap of her bra off her shoulder.

"You're so beautiful. Every time I see you, you're more beautiful than the last."

"Charmer," she said. Her cheeks were flushed.

"It's the truth."

Reaching around her back, he flicked the clasp of her bra, years of experience making it easier for him.

"That's not fair. Even I can't do it that quickly," she said, pouting.

"Years of practice. I've got nine years on you, baby. I was a determined man even in my youth."

"You're still young."

He smiled. The years were catching up with him, but he knew he wasn't old yet.

"And I'll keep you on your toes, baby." Peter cupped her face, bringing her face up close to his.

"Is that a promise?"

"Yes, and I keep my promises." He touched her lips with his, consuming her with his kiss. She moaned, her hands going around his neck. He continued to grip her hair as he deepened the kiss. Her na**d body pressed against his. All that remained on him was his trousers.

"Remove my pants," he said, kissing down her neck.

She fell to her knees before him. Peter growled, looking down at her. Her hands fumbled with his jeans. After several attempts she finally got them down around his ankles. Peter watched her, charmed by her attempts. He'd taken her virginity, and yet she still had a lot to learn.

Her next actions caused him to stop. Her fingers wrapped around his hard erection, squeezing him tight.

Rose gazed up at him. "May I?" she asked.

Curious to see what she would do, Peter nodded.

****

Peter's gaze was on her, and Rose wanted to impress him. She'd not really seen much in the way of giving a guy pleasure, but from the look of the hard shaft it was self-explanatory.

Opening her lips, she took the tip of him inside. His taste erupted on her tongue, startling her. Pulling away, she looked down at his hard shaft wondering if she'd done something wrong.

When he didn't make a comment, she licked the tip of him again, slowly. A jewel of cum seeped out of the tip. He tasted salty. The taste wasn't entirely repulsive, and Rose wanted to please him.

"Tell me what to do?" she asked, cupping his hard shaft.

Peter took her hand in his, wrapped her fingers around the root of his shaft. He applied some pressure and then eased off. "Don't hold me too tight. I don't like to feel like I'm being tortured," he said.

She nodded, looking at how he'd gotten her fingers.

"Open your lips."

Rose did as he asked.

"Take the tip of me inside and continue down, sucking me into your mouth until you hit your hand."

She did as he instructed. He went to the back of her throat. Her hand stopped her from taking more of him than she needed to. Looking up at him, she saw his eyes were shut with his head facing down.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"You've never done this before, have you?"

"No."

"I'm finding it hard to control myself. Your mouth shouldn't feel so good. I feel like I'm going to explode any minute."

"Is that bad?"

"It is to me. I like to give my women plenty of pleasure before I come. This is your first time with a c**k in your mouth. I don't want to flood you with cum." He stroked her cheek.

"Are you in control now?" she asked, teasing the shaft.

"Barely."

She sat back on her knees. He'd not let go of her hair. Letting out a sigh, she gazed down at the floor.

"That's not helping either, Rose. You look like a true submissive," he said.

"What do you mean?" She quickly glanced up at him.

"If you opened your thighs more and tilted your head back down, you'd look like the perfect submissive."

Feeling a little wicked, Rose did what he said. She heard him gasp. Before she could say another word, Peter grabbed her in his arms and hauled her onto the bed. He finally let go of her hair as he crushed her against him.

"You're going to test me at every turn, aren't you?"

"I want to give you everything, Peter." She took his hands, laying a kiss to his palms.

"Everything?" he asked.

She nodded. The hungry look in his eyes made it hard for her to speak.

"I'm going to hold you to that, baby. For now, I need to be inside you."

He didn't move from the edge of the bed. Peter opened her thighs, and in the next breath he was inside her. Rose groaned as his hard c**k filled her.

"Fuck, I forgot the condom. I can't stop. Shit."

Peter pulled out of her only to slam back inside. Rose held on, loving the feel of his c**k pushing inside her. He stretched her inner walls, consuming her with a passion she didn't even know she possessed.

"Please, Peter."

"Fuck." He pulled out of her abruptly, going to the drawer where he kept the condoms. She was on fire. His hands were shaking as he placed the condom over his cock.

"I can't do this."

Moving to his side, Rose took the condom from his fingers and did her best. He talked her through putting the latex on. She was starting to understand why plenty of women went on the pill. The condoms were a bloody pain.

He didn't waste any time, lifting her off her feet. Peter was inside her before she'd hit the bed. They both groaned as he seated himself to the hilt inside her. "You feel so f**king tight."

"Which one is the real Peter?" she asked, moaning as he pulled out of her until only the tip of him remained and then slammed deep, taking her by surprise as the pleasure mixed with a little pain.

"Huh?"

"This crude speaking one." She cried out as his lips were on her br**sts. "Or the tame, kind one."

"They're both me, baby. You'll get both, and in time, if you want to, you'll get the Dom in me as well."

Peter moved her up the bed until she was laid amongst the pillows. When he was satisfied with her position, Peter gripped the poles of the head board behind her.

She watched his tattooed chest and muscles tighten as he pulled out of her body only to pound back inside. Rose gasped, reaching for the head board behind her. She gripped the hard wood for something to hold on to. There was nowhere else for her to go. She needed to hold on. Something had taken control of Peter, and he was showing her another side to him.

Rose wasn't scared. He excited her no matter what he did.

"So ... fuck ... ing ... beautiful ... and ... all ... mine." He spoke each word after each thrust of his hips.

The pleasure intensified. Peter was hitting a point inside her that combined with pleasure and pain. She didn't know whether to scream for him to get off or thrust up to meet him. The two points mingled together.

She liked the slight pain a little too much. Keeping hold of the head board, she gave herself to Peter. He f**ked her hard, taking what he wanted and in turn giving her so much pleasure.

He was relentless in his thrusts. Peter drew out her need until he pushed her over the edge twice. She never thought it was possible to have two orgasms, one right after the other. Peter made her body his own personal instrument.

When he was satisfied with her response to him, Peter finally growled out his release. She held him through the pleasure.

Peter had done what she'd asked and taken her away from the horrid memories of the day. Rose came down from her high, and it all came flooding back.

"We can't escape this, can we?" Rose asked.

"No."

His honesty hurt, but she was thankful for it. Still, there were times honesty was overrated.

Chapter Eleven

Peter left Rose in bed to grab some dinner. He checked out his fridge, finding nothing other than sandwich fillings. Shaking his head at his lack of organisation, he made a quick note for tomorrow. He'd run to the supermarket tomorrow with Rose. Grabbing some cheese, ham, and pickles from the leftovers, he made up several sandwiches and headed back up to bed.

He found Rose curled up on the window seat watching the rain.

"It's still warm," she said.

"It'll get cold soon. Winter will be here and snowfall, and you'll be wishing for the warmth," he said, promising her.

"I doubt that. I'm a winter girl. I love being curled up in front of a fire."

"I love Christmas. I never put a tree up here, and I've always visited Laura and the kids on Christmas."

She took a sandwich from the pile. Peter saw her hesitate at his words.

"I was thinking this year we could make our own traditions?" he asked.

"I'd like that." She nibbled at her sandwich. "Do you think William still wants a waitress at his club?"

"Yeah, he'll want you all right." Peter took a bite of his sandwich. "Business doesn't slow down because of what's happened. It's sad, but it's the harsh reality of life."

"I wonder what's going to happen to Cape Falls."

He shrugged. "I don't know. If it doesn't change, it's going to lose a lot of people. Everyone is growing tired. Staying rooted in the past is not ideal for everyone. It sucks."

Peter had been part of Cape Falls all of his life. He'd taken several trips out to the city to get a sense of how different they were. The cities moved around, constantly. There was no standing still in the city. Peter liked to take his time to enjoy life. Living in the city would never do it for him. He'd also visited a few other towns, getting a feel for how they were. Most of the towns he'd visited worked together. There were no outsiders in those towns.

He sat back on his sofa wondering what would have happened to him if he'd left when he was going to.

"Have you ever been out of Cape Falls?" he asked.

She shook her head. "Parents didn't ever want to leave."

"I think we should go away some time. There's another town not too far from here. Law Castle, it's called."

"It sounds like fun. You're not planning on dumping me there, are you?" she asked.

He chuckled. "Not on your life."

They sat on the sofa, in his room, eating the sandwiches he'd made. He watched her eating and enjoying the food he'd put out for her.

"You're a good cook," she said.

"Laura taught me."

There was a flash of hurt in her eyes, and Peter regretted the words. Putting the nearly empty plate onto the floor, he tugged Rose onto his lap. He was wearing a robe, and so was she. The robe didn't disguise her full, lush curves.

"I shouldn't be upset about it. I'm sorry," she said.

She didn't fight him as he got her to straddle his waist.

"Laura played a big part in my life. Yes, I started out being in love with her, and I'm not going to apologise for that, Rose. She taught me a lot of things."

"Like what? Help me to understand how she helped you become the man you are."

Settling his hands on her ass, Peter smiled, thinking over the last ten years with Laura in his life.

"She taught me how to pass tests without cheating, and because of that, I was able to work at Control. William has his own rigorous test for passing his standards in order to train and punish subs. Laura taught me how to sew. I couldn't put a button on my shirt, and I kept going to her to do it. I wasn't using excuses to see her. I needed to sew my button back on."

"I can sew buttons," Rose said, making him smile.

"Would you be offended if I asked you to do mine?"

She shook her head.

"Good, I may be able to do it to make a button look passable, but that's all I can do."

Rose chuckled, encouraging him to continue on.

He talked about learning to cook and to grow a few vegetables in the back of his garden, all because of Laura. "Laura taught me to be a better man, Rose. Without her I wouldn't be who I am today. There's no need to get jealous of her. I'm yours, and nothing is going to change that."

"You're mine?" she asked, pressing a palm to his robe covered chest.

"Yes, and you're mine."

"Laura's a good woman. She got you all to herself for a long time. I can't help but be jealous of that. She'll know you in ways I'll never understand." She toyed with the edge of his robe.

"Yet you'll know me in ways Laura will never know. What we've got going for us is special, Rose. I don't want to ruin that, ever."

"Me either."

"Then don't let the past come between us." He searched for the sash of her robe, pushing it off her shoulders.

"You've got a one-track mind."

"Only around you."

Peter laughed when she lifted a foiled packet from the pocket of her robe.

"You're a bad girl," he said.

"Last time you forgot. I didn't want you to forget this time. It's kind of important. We're not ready for a baby," she said, pressing the latex in his palm.

He went to talk, but her robe fell down to her waist cutting off all other thought processes and words.

Her large br**sts were topped with her small red-tipped ni**les. Taking the condom from her hand, he quickly removed his own robe. Peter rid Rose of the rest of her robe until she was as na**d as he was.

Gripping the length of his cock, he tore into the foil and rolled the fresh condom down his length. When the condom was on securely he turned his gaze back to Rose. Her gaze was on his latex covered cock.

"Come here, baby."

She crawled toward him. Her br**sts swayed with the movement. Once he had her seated on his cock, those tits were getting sucked.

****

Rose straddled his lap, watching as he eased the tip of his c**k through her slit. He pressed the tip down until the head was inside her pu**y.

Peter's hands went to her hips, and then he yanked her on his cock. Gripping his shoulders, Rose cried out as he seemed to go deeper than he'd ever done before.

He lifted her up in his arms and started to suck on her ni**les. She cried out. The pleasure pulsed between her thighs and gripped her stomach tight. His lips were wicked as they sucked on her.

"So f**king sexy. I love your tits, baby. I could suck on them all day long." To prove his point, Peter took first one nipple and then the other between his lips.

"Peter, that feels so good."

She whimpered as both his hands worked around to cup her ass. His c**k pulsed deep inside her. He gripped her ass in his tight hands.

"Tell me how you feel?" Peter asked, pulling away from her breast. He didn't move between her thighs.

"I love you sucking on my br**sts."

"What about this? Do you love me gripping your ass, too?" he asked. His grip tightened making her gasp out at the slight pain.

"Yes," she said, moaning as his grip seemed to tighten more.

With his hands on her ass, Peter lifted her off his c**k and then slammed deep inside her. She held onto his shoulders trying her best to keep hold of him. Biting her lip, Rose stared into his eyes seeing the pained expression on his face.

"Never letting you go," he said.

"I don't want you to let me go."

"Good, because you're mine. You're not having any other men, Rose. Only me."

She smiled, groaning as he thrust again, hitting a spot deep inside that made her pulse. Gasping, her nails sank into the flesh of his shoulders.

"No man, ever." Nibbling her lip, Rose tried to stop herself from admitting the truth. She'd told him earlier that she loved him, but she'd only said that she was thinking she loved him. "I love you, Peter."

He paused, staring into her eyes. "You don't think that you love me?"

Shaking her head, Rose rested her palm against his chest. "I've loved you for a long time."

Peter stroked her cheek, pushing the hair off her face. "For a long time I thought I was in love with the same woman, and it was only when I started to see you that I doubted my feelings." His hand caressed down her cheek to rest on her chest above her heart. "I love you, too, Rose. I'm not talking sweet words and romance. I can do the sweet and the romance, but the way I feel about you is anything but sweet."

Her heart pounded inside her chest, and it wasn't just from arousal.

"How do you feel about me?"

"There's this dark burning possession. I need to see you. The few days that I didn't get a chance to see you, I felt my world had collapsed. The kiss only started everything, Rose. We're meant to be together."

Tears filled her eyes at his tender words. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she pressed a kiss to his lips.

"Does that mean you love me?"

"Yes, you'll never really know how much I love you. Love is too subtle a word."

"For me, it's perfect." She tightened her pu**y around his cock, feeling and hearing him groan. "Now, f**k me."

Peter growled. "You vixen."

He lifted her off his c**k and brought her back down on his hard shaft.

Her br**sts bounced with each jerk of his hips.

"So tight, so perfect. My woman, my future," he said, pressing lips all over her body. His lips were on her br**sts, her face and down her chest.

She was consumed by his powerful thrusts.

"I'm close, baby. Finger that sweet slit for me. I need to feel your cunt tighten around me."

Rose loved it when he talked dirty. She slipped a finger between them and started to stroke her cl*t to match his thrusts.

She gasped, moaned, and she felt her pu**y tighten more around his cock.

"Come for me, baby. I need you to come."

Listening to his words, Rose glanced down, watching his hard dick disappear inside her body. The condom didn't do him any justice, but the sight alone made her ache. She kept up her strokes, close to orgasm already.

Peter never failed to turn her on.

"I'm going to teach you everything, show you everything. Your whole world is going to explode, and you're going to love every second."

He rode her harder. Even with her on top, Peter was the one in control.

"Your body is only going to know my cock, and when I get you on birth control, I'm going to f**k you without a condom. I want to see your cunt, wet and naked."

Those words were all it took. Rose came, crying out as Peter's thrusts got harder and more intense.

"Fuck, I'm going to come."

With the last thrust, Peter growled. His c**k kicked inside her, and she felt him pulse into the waiting condom. She collapsed on his chest. From this angle she wasn't going to get crushed by him.

Holding onto his body, she felt his heart hammering against her chest.

The only sound to be heard in the large room was their breathing.

He stroked her back, caressing his fingers down her spine and resting his hands on her ass.

"During sex people say shit they don't mean. Did you mean what you said?" Peter asked.

"About loving you?" Her mind was a little fuzzy. He'd taken her on a rollercoaster ride, and she needed time to regain her thoughts.

"Yes."

She smiled. "Are you feeling a little insecure?"

"You're younger than me, Rose. When I commit it will be for life."

"I come from Cape Falls. I marry for life." She stroked the edge of one of his tattoos.

"Cape Falls is going to change. You don't have to be stuck on that tradition-"

Rose pressed a finger to his lips. "Shut up. I love you, Peter, and I intend to spend the rest of my life proving it to you."

She dropped her lips onto his.

"I've woken up and gone to heaven."

Rolling her eyes, Rose giggled as he picked her up and carried her through to the bathroom. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"We're taking a shower together, and then we're going to bed." He didn't give her a chance to respond to his words.

Putting her on the floor, he pulled out of her body making her wince. The used condom was removed and thrown into the trashcan.

He took charge, carrying her into the shower. Rose felt loved by his affection. The day had been stressful, but ending with Peter in her arms would make any day worth it.

Peter, from his visits to the library, through to visiting her at her parents had saved her. Did he realise how much life he'd given her? Compared to how she'd been living, Peter had given her a chance to breathe. She felt like a woman, his woman. The thought alone of being consumed, owned and possessed, by Peter was enough to make her toes curl.

Chapter Twelve

The following morning, Peter made Rose breakfast, and then they were in his car, heading toward the local supermarket. The town appeared quiet. People were walking around, but there was no real activity. He saw the frowns on people's faces. Gabriel's words must have hit them all. Parking the car, he walked around to Rose's side of the car. He helped her out of the car, wrapped an arm around her waist, and escorted her through to the supermarket.

Peter couldn't recall a time in the last twenty-eight years when Cape Falls had been like this. The town's people were always talking or doing something. Usually, when he came to town, the people loved to talk behind their hands, whispering. No one was doing anything. The grim expressions communicated more than anything.

"Everyone is so quiet," Rose said, whispering.

"Let's hope Gabriel got through to them."

They entered the supermarket. Rose was pushing the trolley, and Peter held her h*ps as they walked together. He was doing his best to protect her from stares or gossip. He remembered a time when Laura had been in town, and their spiteful behaviour had been directed at her. Peter made sure to always be in the same place as she was. Dean had taken his place, which he was thankful for.

Tightening his grip on Rose's hips, they made their way to the vegetables and fruit.

No one said a word as they made their way around the shop. Everyone was in their own world.

"This is so weird."

"It's good though."

They were around the canned food section when one of the local women, Cassandra Marton, stopped them. She was in her early thirties and had married young. Peter knew she'd been one of the biggest gossipers. He made to pass around her, but Cassandra put a hand on the trolley stopping them.

"If you're going to say something hateful, I suggest you move the f**k on," Peter said. Years of having to put up with the town's abuse had finally gotten to him. Rose was special. She was different and pure. She shouldn't have to put up with negative crap at all. He would fight tooth and nail for her respect in this town. His respect, he didn't give a crap about; Rose's respect, however, he did.

Cassandra withdrew her hand. Several other customers had stopped to watch the scene.

"I'm not going to say anything," Cassandra said. The other woman looked down at her shoes. "I heard what happened, and I heard about you and Rose. I wanted to stop and say that you guys look lovely together." Cassandra paused. He saw her lick her lips, and her hands shook. Peter couldn't recall a time a woman was so nervous. "You've turned into a fine man, Peter Miller."

He was shocked when she held out her hand to shake. Peter stared at her hand wondering what the hell was going on.

"Is this some kind of trick?" he asked. He wouldn't put it past them. The more he thought about the crap he'd put up with, the more it made him wonder why he'd not left Cape Falls.

"No trick at all. I'm disgusted with myself that it has taken this incident to make me open my eyes. The sheriff's speech hit me hard. Things around here need to change. It won't happen overnight, but it will happen. I can't assure this is for everyone. This is for me. I'm showing you my friendship and support." Cassandra's eyes were bright with tears. "You will not get any trouble from me or my family. You're welcome, and so is the club, Control. I've removed my name from all the petitions. It will be nice to see some change around here."

Peter's heart pounded. He stared at her hand, which was shaking. This is what he'd been wanting for a long time. Slowly, he took her hand in his and shook it.

There were a few murmurs around the market.

"I look forward to seeing more of you two." Cassandra smiled and stepped around them. Rose glanced up at him.

"It's a start," he said.

They finished their shopping. A couple of the locals who'd stopped talking to him started to speak to him.

Safely in the space of his car, he drove out to Control. He typed in his security code, and they were allowed inside.

"What you're about to see is completely private. You don't talk about this place with anyone else," Peter said, pulling up into the first available parking space.

"I've got no friends. Can I still tell you?" she asked, teasing.

Shaking his head, Peter went around to her side and helped her out.

Opening the door, he heard the commotion in the main bar room. Daisy was standing with one of the babies on her hip. William's two boys were playing with a train set on the floor. This was not the BDSM part of the club, and William loved to have his children around him most of the time.

"Baby, it's good news," Daisy said.

"No, something is happening. This is not like the town at all. I've had three deliveries this morning, all without a hitch. Something is going on," William said.

"What's going on?" Peter asked, coming forward with Rose in his arms.

Daisy turned to them and smiled. "Peter, maybe you could talk some sense into him. He's being difficult. And who is this lovely young woman?" Daisy asked.

Bringing Rose forward he introduced her to Daisy.

"Is she special to you?" Daisy asked, looking from Rose to him. There was a hesitant smile on her lips.

"She's the woman I love."

Daisy cried out, giggling. "Yes, I knew it."

Before Peter knew it, Daisy had taken his woman and was introducing her to the children. Walking toward William, he waited for the other man to talk. "What's going on?"

William turned to look at him. "The petition on my club has been withdrawn, and I've received three of my deliveries. I've also been sent some compensation for my troubles opening up the club. I don't trust it."

Peter smiled. "The town is changing."

"No, a town doesn't change this fast." William was shaking his head.

Shrugging his shoulder, Peter glanced behind him. Rose had the other twin daughter on her lap. He watched for a few seconds as she played with the little boy.

"Cape Falls has never known an attack like this. Or if it has, the sheriff has never done what Gabriel did yesterday. You've got to trust it," Peter said.

If the town was reaching out then they all needed to let down their guard and trust it.

"What are you trying to say? Trust them?"

"Not trust them but give them the benefit of the doubt."

****

"Peter looks happy. I've never seen him so happy, not even when he was with Laura," Daisy said.

Rose looked up at the red-haired woman. Daisy was so pretty, and the happiness glowed out of her. "Peter's special. I love him with my whole heart," Rose said.

"From the way he keeps watching you I'd say he loves you with his as well."

Glancing up and toward Peter Rose saw that his gaze was on her. He didn't turn away from her either. Her arms were wrapped around the baby on her lap.

Smiling, she pulled her attention away from him to focus on Daisy, who said, "I've been hoping for him to find a woman for some time. It's nice to know that it's you."

"You're all good friends?" Rose asked.

Daisy shook her head. "We're more of a family. Peter's been a little withdrawn of late. I think realising he's not in love with Laura has been a huge help to him. He always had some excuse when we were all together. Dean loves to barbeque, as do the Steer brothers. He's not been present for any of them."

Rose listened, watching her man out of the corner of her eye.

"Well, I'm not going anywhere. In fact I'm supposed to be working here sometime soon."

"That's awesome," Daisy said. "William, Rose can start tonight, can't she?"

The other woman pulled the men out of their conversation.

"That's earned you ten, Daisy. Yes, she can start tonight," William said.

Frowning, Rose turned back to Daisy. "Punishment." She mouthed the word to her.

Still not understanding, Rose put the word aside and figured she'd ask Peter later.

When William was finished talking with Peter, he escorted her back to his office for her to fill out her application form. Peter stayed behind with Daisy.

"Usually, I have a period of time to see if I can trust you. Peter has vouched for you, so I'm going to trust him," William said.

She glanced up from her form. "I'll do everything I can to make him proud."

"Do you have any idea what goes on at this club?" He sat back thoughtful.

Rose stopped writing. She was putting Peter down as her emergency contact and his address as her new home.

"Not really."

"But you trust Peter?" William asked.

Putting the pen down, she stared at one of his friends. "When it comes to Peter I trust him completely. He would never steer me wrong."

"You trust him."

She nodded.

"This is a BDSM club. In the private rooms there are subs being punished and pleasured."

Rose swallowed past the lump. "Peter's my everything. You're not going to scare me away. I can handle what this club can do. I'm only a waitress, and I'll train hard."

"Okay then, finish filling out the form."

Nibbling her lip, she hesitated.

"What?" he asked.

"What did you mean earlier to Daisy? She said something about punishment. I don't understand."

"My wife is my business. She needs discipline and punishment. By shouting and interrupting she earned ten spanks on the ass. I haven't decided if I'll use the cane or my hand."

Heat filled Rose's cheeks. Her question was answered, and she went back to filling in her form.

Once she was finished, William took her around the bar, showing her where the beer and everything else was stored.

She saw Edward had arrived during her absence.

"We've got a new waitress?" he asked, coming closer. Peter took a seat at the bar as Daisy took her children out of the club and to her home.

William kissed her on the way past. Rose saw the love shining between the couple, even with the punishment hanging over their heads.

"Yeah, we have. Where have you been?" William asked, standing in front of Edward.

"I've been in Cape Falls. I went to the diner and got my first pancake breakfast without attitude. Did you know a sweet young woman by the name of Isabel served me?" There was a dreamy look on Edward's face.

"Isabel Benson finished high school six years ago. She couldn't afford to go to college as she supports her younger sister. Her parents abandoned them once Isabel was of age to support them. She's a nice woman," Rose said, remembering the woman she was talking about.

"Hum, she's the submissive sort," Edward said, popping a grape into his mouth.

Rose tuned out listening to William talk to her about the alcohol and the beverages available. By the time they were finished it was dark and she was ready to get home.

"I expect you here tomorrow night. Peter will bring you," William said.

Peter wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her outside to the waiting car.

"Do you think Edward has a thing for Isabel?" Rose asked, getting into the passenger side of the car.

"I'd say. She's the first person he's talked about since coming here three years ago. I've always wondered why he stayed." Peter settled behind the wheel.

"He's British, right?"

"Yeah. I imagine some of the ladies will love his accent and how he always says 'mate' and 'love'."

Rose chuckled. "This has been a really weird day."

"Well, you better get some rest tonight. Control is always busy, and it's your first day. Have you ever waitressed before?" Peter asked.

"No, I've carried books around. Tomorrow is going to be a long day."

"Tonight, you're mine. I've kept my hands off you while you've been working. It's not going to happen. Once I've fed you, I want you na**d and in my bed."

Rose moaned. Heat bloomed in her pu**y. "Take me home, Peter."

She glanced down as he caressed her thigh. Rose wished she hadn't worn jeans.

The drive home was slow. She sat at the counter watching as he made her dinner. By the time they made it up to his room, she was desperate for Peter to be inside her.

He didn't rush to get her naked. Peter took his time, peeling each layer off her. She felt so close to him as he thrust inside her body. Rose had never felt so connected to another person before in her life.

She would give everything of herself to him. All Peter had to do was ask.

Chapter Thirteen

The following night Peter did everything he could to keep his nerves in check. That morning he'd left Rose in bed to take a visit to town. There was a small jeweller near the barbers in town. It was only small, but he'd found what he was looking for. He'd been surprised by how welcoming the town was to his presence. There were none of the usual sneers he got.

"How do I look?" Rose asked. He glanced up from his coffee to see her in a pair of dark blue denim jeans and a dark red blouse. Her blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail. He glanced down to see her fidgeting, wringing her hands together.

Getting up from his seat, he placed his palm over her enclosed hands.

"Stop panicking."

"I don't know how to look. How does one dress for this? William didn't tell me, and I never asked." Her face was red, and he figured she'd been running around upstairs trying to find the right outfit.

Reaching up, he removed the band that bound her hair. "You don't need to be so professional. Your hair looks lovely like this."

Peter sank his fingers into her length, brushing out the strands. She sighed, leaning in close.

Tilting her head back he claimed her lips. Caressing her lips with his tongue, he sought entry into her mouth. She submitted to him instantly. Peter knew it was only matter of time before she gave herself to him, and he had the ring ready to take what he truly wanted from her. Letting out a moan Peter pulled away first.

"You have a just f**ked look. You'll fit right in."

She giggled. Her hands gripped the lapels of his jacket. "I don't want to go out tonight. I want to be here with you."

He chuckled. "When we get home tonight I'll make it up to you. I haven't been to the club properly in some time. I get an excuse to watch you and be there."

Rose sighed. "Will there be any women vying for your attention?"

"A few subs will try to gain my attention. Don't worry about them. I've got a plan that will let them all know who I belong to."

"You belong to me?"

"Just as you belong to me, baby."

In the few days since he'd taken her home, Rose had really flourished. He couldn't believe how much she'd changed. Peter loved watching her grow, and he certainly loved watching her eat. He'd never take her food away from her. If he ever saw her parents again he didn't know if he'd be able to keep his opinion to himself.

"I've got to get you to the club. You'll start your training. I'm usually behind the bar, but just recently William has been getting Daisy to do it. You might have her for company. Anna usually watches the kids while it happens. We've all gotten quite close over the last few years."

He felt her nod. "Daisy was telling me that you haven't been to many barbeques or dinners or anything."

Peter let out a sigh. "I hated the sympathy they've given me. Whenever Laura and Dean arrived they'd go quiet." He shook his head. "It's not going to happen anymore. I've got you."

She smiled up at him. "And I've got you."

The journey to the club was short. He took her in his car not wanting her to walk her first night. There were already several cars parked up outside the club. Peter knew it would only be a matter of time before the club became really popular. Not only was Control a BDSM club, but the main section was for anyone. People could come simply to party or dance.

Entering the main foyer he recognised several people from around Cape Falls. They all looked out of place but were trying their best to mingle.

Rose whistled by his side. "I never thought I'd see this," she said.

Peter shrugged. He ignored the locals and went straight to the bar. Edward was standing behind the bar serving up a beer.

"Who would have thought Cape Falls has a curious and wicked side," Edward said.

"Not me," Peter said, taking a seat.

William appeared and took Rose away.

"You nervous about tonight?" Edward asked, drawing him out of his nerves.

Peter stared at his friend. "She's going to do her shift here, and then I thought about taking her back to where the real action begins."

"Bringing her to the BDSM club is a risky move. What if she doesn't like it?"

Glancing at where Rose had gone, Peter turned his attention back to his best friend. "I've got to know how she handles it. First, I've got to see how she goes behind the bar."

Edward nodded. "Your booth is free. I'd enjoy it while you can."

Peter left the bar and headed toward his booth. Where he sat he got a clear sight of Rose as she came behind the bar. She was wearing an apron around her middle. He saw Edward teasing her. Rose kept blushing.

Peter chuckled when he saw her spill beer down her front, dropped a glass, and mixed tequila wrong.

"She's going to be a nightmare to train," William said, taking a seat.

"Get used to her. I'm not letting her go." Peter couldn't take his gaze away from her. She looked so adorable.

Edward was wiping his face from a fizzy bottle she'd opened.

He was surprised by the other man's patience.

"Are you sure about this?" William asked. "It has only been a couple of days. You've been in love with Laura for a long time. You're sure you're not confusing the two?"

Peter smiled. "I've had a wakeup call. Rose is the woman for me. I love Laura and that will never change, but my love is nothing more than the love of a brother to a sister. Trust me, William. I'm completely over it."

William nodded. "Then I've got everything ready for you later. The club will be closed, and the others will be here to witness it." He glanced back at Rose. "If your woman can survive the night."

****

Rose's feet hurt, and she smelled like stale beer. She stared down at her red top with dark brown stains all over it. Edward flopped down on the nearest bar stool. He was tired, and she was thankful he hadn't yelled at her.

"I suck at this," Rose said.

"Nah, well, yeah, you do suck. Practice will make perfect. I hope."

She couldn't help but chuckle at his frown. "I'll do my best."

The main bar was closed, and Rose saw Peter heading toward her. He was laughing.

"I hate to say this, honey, but your skills behind the bar need to be improved. Having said that, watching you was hilarious." Peter rounded the bar, wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close. "I love you."

"I love you, too." She circled her hands around his neck, pulling him close. "I stink."

"You look gorgeous." He fingered her shirt. "I was thinking about going back to the main part of the club. Will you come with me?"

Her heart raced. Staring up at Peter she saw the hope dancing in his eyes.

"I'd love to come with you."

Peter smiled. "Edward, will you go on through to make sure everything is ready."

"Sure."

They were left alone. Running her hand up his side, she smiled as she imagined him naked. Her pu**y heated, wanting him alone all to herself.

"How was your first day of work?" he asked.

"It wasn't like putting books on shelves." She scrunched up her nose. "I'll have to get better. I stink."

He stroked her cheek. "You'll always smell good to me." Peter dropped his head, brushing her lips with his.

She moaned as his tongue plunged deep inside her.

"I could f**k you right here," Peter said, resting his head on hers.

"Why don't you?"

He slapped her ass.

Rose yelped, enjoying the slight burn from his touch.

"You're a vixen. I've got something to show you."

He took her hand, leading her toward the back of the club. She followed him through a set of doors that opened up into a large room.

The lights were turned low, and her heart stopped when she saw the small collection of people. She recognised Laura with Dean and Gabriel with Amy. William, Daisy, and Edward were also present.

"The Steers got the short straw. They're babysitting the kids," Peter said, whispering against her ear.

"Why is everyone here?"

"They're here to witness something."

"Rose," Daisy said.

She turned as the other woman wrapped her arms around Rose. Glancing up at Peter, Rose smiled in return.

"What's everyone doing here?" Rose asked.

"They're all here for Peter's surprise."

The other woman left, leaving her and Peter some space.

"What's going on?" Rose turned to Peter wanting some answers.

He stroked her cheek. "I had no idea how to do this, and then I thought asking you all alone wouldn't make it special. I want you to remember this moment for years to come and for you to know that you mean the world to me."

She listened as everyone grew silent.

"I've not known you very long, but our time together has been the best part of my life. There is no one else I would want in this world other than you. Rose, I love you with my whole heart. My life with you would be complete."

Rose gasped as he went down on one knee.

"Rose, will you marry me?"

The room was deadly silent.

"I stink, Peter."

"And I still love you. I'm never going to stop loving you."

Laughing, Rose nodded. "Yes, yes, yes, a million times yes. I'll marry you."

Peter stood, lifting her up in his arms. She wrapped her legs around his waist. Cheers went up. Rose didn't listen to them. Her happiness was being in Peter's arms as he swung her around.

"How is this going to be the best proposal ever?" Edward asked.

When Peter put her on her feet she turned to see Edward smiling. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"You're covered with stains, and you stink," Edward said. "I know you do because I do."

Rose smiled. Peter's arms were around her stomach. The tips of his fingers caressed the underside of her breast.

"This was perfect." She would remember this moment for the rest of her life. There was no way she was going to forget her smelly clothes, aching feet, and the smile on Peter's face when she said yes.

"You don't even have a ring," Edward said.

"Fuck, I knew I forgot something." Peter grabbed the box out of his pocket. "Here you go, baby," he said. He slid a small diamond engagement ring on her finger. "There, now it's perfect," Peter said.

Rose lifted her hand in the air to look at the ring. "I didn't need a ring."

"Every woman deserves an engagement ring."

He tilted her head back, kissing her lips.

When Peter finally let her go, Rose was embraced by all his friends. Even though Gabriel was tense from the case, he embraced her and wished her congratulations. Rose didn't bring Kelly up. Laura looked so happy, and so did Dean. Peter was busy talking with William and Daisy, leaving her alone with the other happy couple.

"You have no idea how happy we are for Peter and for you," Laura said, hugging her.

"I didn't know Peter was going to propose." Rose kept playing with the ring on her finger. Laura looked at Dean with a smile.

"He let us know about his plans last night. You've made him whole, honey. I've never seen him so happy. You bring out the best in him."

Rose glowed from the compliment. "I hope we'll be present for some of the barbeques and stuff."

She saw the couple stare at her. Feeling embarrassed Rose stumbled over her words. "I-I mean, D-Daisy said that he's, erm, been somewhat absent. I was hoping to change that. That's all. I'm not expecting an invitation."

Cringing at her words, Rose looked down at the floor.

"We look forward to it. Peter has been missed, and it would be nice to get to know you," Dean said, shaking her hand.

She smiled.

Turning around she saw Peter on his own, looking at her. There was wickedness to his smile. She knew he was thinking about something naughty. Going to him, Rose wrapped her arms around his waist.

"Let's take you home. I want to f**k you so damned hard."

"Charming."

"I've got a whole life time to be crude and charming. You're my woman now." Peter dropped a kiss to her lips, and Rose felt like the luckiest woman in the world.

Chapter Fourteen

Three months later

In the last few months a lot had changed in Peter's life. He'd organised the fastest church wedding in the history of the record books, or at least to him he had. Rose had loved the fact he wanted to get married as quickly as possible. The day had been perfect, and he'd taken her away to England with Edward trailing behind them for a honeymoon. Their days hadn't been filled with sunshine and beaches, but they'd been stuck in bed in a five star hotel. He couldn't complain, and he knew Rose hadn't wanted to return home.

Edward had finished up some business and was now living in Cape Falls with no plans to return back home. Peter, on the other hand, intended to book the same hotel year after year. Time alone in a room without being disturbed suited him.

Last night Rose had also agreed to be his submissive. He was going to be the one to train her at Control under William's watchful gaze. Peter had asked the other man for support. He wanted Rose to enjoy that life together.

"Are you nervous?" Rose asked, glancing over her shoulder at him.

"It's a New Year dinner. I'll be fine, I promise." It was the first week in January, and the Steer brothers had invited them to their home in celebration of the New Year. They'd spent their first Christmas together. Rose had cooked a small Christmas dinner for the two of them. Together they'd decorated a tree and hung a few lights around the room.

"This is our first one as a couple," Rose said, wrapping her arms around his waist.

Caressing her face with the back of his knuckles, Peter brushed his lips against hers.

"So much has changed around Cape Falls. My love for you has not."

She smiled at him. Cape Falls was slowly dealing with what had happened to the young woman. Kelly had moved away from town. Gabriel kept in constant touch with the young woman. Peter had a lot of respect for Kelly. Her testimony had brought forward a couple more victims. They'd told their stories, and John had confirmed everything. Brad and his friends were going to spend a great deal of time in prison. John was also serving time, but he'd be released in a few years for good behaviour.

Gabriel had promised to do everything he could to keep Brad and the others behind bars. The town had also turned its back on the men. Cape Falls was changing in ways that shocked Peter. The people no longer looked down on the outcasts. They'd been allowed back into certain shops where they'd once been banned. The biggest surprise came at Control.

Peter couldn't believe how many people now visited the club. To most people it was a nightclub, but he and those who knew Control, got access to the other part of the club. Rose was also going to be part of that exclusive club. She'd promised herself to him, and now she'd promised to train as his sub. He didn't want a full-time submissive. Peter enjoyed dabbling, and now he had his own woman to dabble with.

They'd gotten over so many hurdles together. Rose's parents had tried to make contact with her. She saw them around town, and Peter had even been approached by them. He didn't appreciate their push for Rose to forgive them. They could rot for all he cared. Fortunately, Rose didn't want to forgive her parents. She wanted them to leave her alone. There were some things she couldn't forgive, and what they did to her, Rose couldn't get past.

He wouldn't judge her, and, in fact, he agreed with her. Peter wasn't the one they'd tried to starve because they'd been paid to by another family. No matter what she decided, Peter knew he'd always be on her side.

"I wish we were staying home. When we leave it means I can't have you when I want." He stroked a hand down to her breast.

Rose moaned, thrusting up to meet his touch. "It has been one month of me taking birth control, Peter. Go to this dinner with me, be good, and you can f**k me without a condom."

"Are you trying to top me?" he asked. His c**k tightened with her words. He'd wanted to f**k her without a condom for some time. In the last few months he'd encouraged her to enrol in a college course. He'd done a lot of research, and there were classes she could take online. Peter remembered her passion for education and wanted to show her his support. During the day she studied, and at night she worked at Control.

"I don't know what that is. Teach me what to do, and I'll know."

He chuckled at her teasing.

"Okay, you've won me over, but you've got to promise me that when I give the signal we leave."

"You always leave before dessert," she said, whining.

Peter laughed. "The only dessert I want to eat is you."

"I love chocolate."

Leaning forward, Peter nibbled on her neck. "I've got chocolate fudge cake in the fridge with your name on it."

"We'll leave before dessert," she said moaning.

Happy that he'd won their bargain, Peter grabbed her hand and headed out into the night. Cape Falls might be changing, but he had the love of Rose to keep him happy. For ten years he'd felt trapped and like he was drowning and stuck. Rose had picked him up out of his misery and shown him what true happiness and love were all about.

His trips to the cemetery had ceased. Seating Rose into the car, Peter glanced back at his house. He imagined it full with the sound of laughter.

All in good time.

Smiling, he climbed into the driver's side and headed toward the dinner. He was so looking forward to the dessert.

Epilogue

Edward was so angry, and he didn't have the first clue how to make the anger stop. Over the last few weeks he'd gotten to know the young waitress, Isabel Benson. Not once had he anticipated what he'd found out about her. Staring down at her, he felt ready to murder someone. She hadn't locked the door properly to the staff changing rooms, and he'd barged in to see her skirt around her waist with a blunt knife in her hand. What the f**k was she doing? Well, he knew what she was doing, but why?

"Please, don't tell anyone," she said.

Isabel was working the late shift at the diner. Closing his eyes, Edward felt sick to his stomach. Never in all his life had seen something so desperate. He couldn't believe he'd not noticed the signs blaring at him.

"Why?" he asked, hurting for the young girl.

Tears filled her eyes as she looked at him.

"It helps to numb everything else. I can't handle it anymore. Sophie is finishing high school in a few months, and she's going to be good enough to get into a good college. I can't afford it, and I've got to be the one to tell her. No one should have seen this. How did you get in?"

"You didn't lock the door properly. What would have happened if someone else found you?" he asked, getting angrier with every passing second.

"I usually lock the door. I can't believe I was so stupid."

She rubbed at the section of her thighs that weren't cut. Tears dropped from her eyes, and he couldn't hate her. He wanted to hate her, but he couldn't. He stared down at her thigh. Making a quick decision, he locked the door to the staff changing quarters. Grabbing a fresh cloth from the pile near the sink, he dampened it with cold water and came toward her.

Edward knew he should walk away from her. Isabel was dangerous if not handled carefully, but he was addicted to her. He came to the diner for a glimpse of her sweet smile and lush curves. She had too many issues. Not tiny issues but big issues that forced her to cut herself.

The problem was, she had no one. Everyone who was supposed to love her had walked out leaving her alone. He couldn't be like them. He wouldn't be like them. The only person she had was Sophie, her younger sister. Sophie could not deal with this. Edward didn't know if he could deal with the kind of care Isabel needed, but he knew he'd care for her. There was no way he could leave her alone.

Kneeling in front of her, he noticed the discoloured white panties. They'd clearly been washed one too many times.

Pressing the damp cloth to the cut at the top of her upper thigh, Edward glared at her.

"You've never had anyone take care of you, have you?" he asked.

"I don't need taking care of." Her lips wobbled.

He lifted up the blunt knife he'd taken from her grip seconds before. "Do you call this taking f**king care of yourself?"

Shaking his head, Edward stared down at the other scabbed over cuts. How long had she been harming herself?

Cut and run, she doesn't need you.

If this wasn't a cry for help, Edward didn't know what was.

"Please, don't tell anyone," she said. Her lips wobbled, and tears spilled out of her eyes.

Isabel Benson needed someone to be in charge. She needed an expert Dom to help her. He'd played with so many subs that he didn't have a clue how to look after a sub full-time. The woman in front of him needed him.

He couldn't walk away. From their few brief talks, Edward was already hooked and in too deep with this woman.

"I'm not telling, Isabel."

She let out a sigh of relief.

Grabbing her face, harshly, Edward forced her to look at him. "Don't think this is the f**king end of it, love. You've just earned yourself a keeper and a Dom."

"What?" she asked.

"You've got that right, missy. You're not going to be hurting yourself anymore. That stops tonight."

"You can't do this."

"Do you have any idea the kind of danger you're in? These could get infected, or worse you could slip and nick a major artery." Edward shook his head. "I'm not letting that happen. You're going to answer to me as your Master, Isabel. I'll be taking care of you from this day forward," he said.

"No, you can't do that." She tried to pull away from him.

"If you think of fighting me on this I'll make sure the right people know. Do you know what happens then?" he asked, looking her in the eye.

"No," she said, shaking her head.

"You'll be committed to a hospital where you'll be observed and treated. I should let them do this. You're twenty-four years old for f**k's sake." Edward shook his head. "Your sister, Sophie, will be alone again without anyone. You'll take the one stable thing out of her life, Isabel, and that one stable thing she has, is you."

Tears were streaming down her face. His heart broke for her, but Edward couldn't lie to her. This was the cold harsh truth.

"Help me," she said, whimpering.

Wrapping his arms around her, Edward held her tight. "I will, I promise."

He hoped to God he didn't lose her or himself in the process. For once in his life he was going to be looking after someone who wasn't himself.

Let me get this right.

The End

