Chapter One

"It has been too long since we got completely smashed on tequila," Heather Booth said to her three friends. They sat in a bar sipping down shots of their favourite spirit. It was Friday, and the place hummed with activity.

"I second that. There is nothing in this world that cannot be cured by alcohol," Ashley said, throwing back another shot.

"Third it," Amber said.

"I'm going to take your word for it. I'm happy with a Coke," Connie said.

Heather smiled, slapping her hands on the table. "Another round." She called for the barman to fill up their glasses. The week she had had at the office required the sweet oblivion alcoholic drink would provide. Her boss, Julian Goff, had worked her ass until it was numb from all the hard labour. She was his personal assistant, and he treated her like a slave. There was nothing he wouldn't ask for. He'd requested she buy his current girlfriend the goodbye gift that only a hot, wealthy man could afford.

Fucking bastard.

He went through women faster than she went through batteries for her vibrator. Pulling her head out of the clouds, Heather drank down her next shot then dragged all of her friends onto the dance floor. They laughed as the song changed to an upbeat pulse-pounding rhythm. She needed this, to lose herself in the dancing and the mind-numbing pleasure that drinking tequila while hanging out with her girlfriends gave her. Work was becoming too difficult. If Julian didn't change his attitude soon she would be handing in her resignation. There was no way she'd work for an overbearing ass**le who used women.

A couple of guys tried to work their way into the group. She and her friends pushed them away. Girl night was about them, so no dicks were allowed.

When the song ended, each of them wandered over to the bar. Heather rubbed the sweat from her brow while the others took their seats. The bartender handed them their drinks. She noticed his eyes strayed to Connie. Smiling, Heather lifted her eyebrow and watched him turn red then leave. Men. Did they really think girls didn't notice?

"Ladies, I'm going to call it a night," Ashley said, after swigging down another shot. "I've still got to work tomorrow, and as much as I'd love to get blasted with you guys, I need this job."

Heather hugged her close. "Can we take this back to my place? I'll order Chinese for us?"

Connie agreed to stay with her, but Amber had to leave as well.

Heather paid their tab then followed Connie outside. Both of them declined a cab and began walking in the direction of Heather's home.

"Do you remember a time when Friday night meant drinking, dancing, and spending the weekend together?" Heather asked.

"Ashley and Amber both said they'd see us tomorrow. We're older now. We have responsibilities and all that," Connie said.

"It's crap. I remember a time I would have turned 'round to Julian Goff and told him to go f**k himself. He has to get his own bullshit for his f**k of the moment."

"Tequila has really loosened your tongue."

"Not just tequila but the whole lot of shit I have to go through. He may be hot, and the money may be great, but I'm tired of the stress. I'm twenty-five years old. The last boyfriend I had thought I was in love with my boss." Heather walked 'round a lamp post to avoid bumping into it. She must have drunk more than she thought.

"You always said your boss was hot, Heather. Besides, your last boyfriend was an idiot. He didn't deserve you."

"Thanks, Connie." She wrapped her arm around her friend's shoulders. They walked to the Chinese take-away where Heather ordered enough food for the weekend. Together, they made it to her home. The food ended up in the fridge as Connie held Heather's hair off her face while she threw up everything into the toilet.

"You're a good friend," Heather said.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think I know why the others declined coming back here with you. They knew you'd end up drunk out of your face." Connie helped her into the shower. The cold water blasted over her.

"Fuck, Connie. That's cold."

"You need to be sober."

For the next twenty minutes, Heather allowed her friend to wash her then put her to bed. In the morning she'd make it up to Connie, but for now she was feeling down in the dumps over her situation at work. The more she thought about quitting, the harder it was to think about. She wanted to quit. Watching all the model-thin and beautiful women on Julian's arm had become too difficult. She knew why her boyfriend dumped her. The feelings she harboured for her boss scared her.

"I don't want to be sober. I want to be drunk. It is easier when I'm drunk."

"Whatever, come on. Get in." Connie pulled the blankets back. Heather tucked the blankets under her chin. She heard movement 'round the house then the sound of her friend joining her in bed.

"We'll talk about your boss and everything tomorrow. Good night, Heather."

"Night, Connie."

Ever since they were kids, Heather, Connie, Ashley, and Amber had been the best of friends. Unlike most friends who grew apart as they aged or went to college, they hadn't. All of them had gone to the same college even though they took different courses. Their friendship remained thick even as their parents tried to pull them apart. They never went a week without seeing each other. Her three friends were her true family. She had an older brother, Elijah, whom she rarely spoke to. He was usually off doing his own thing.

They had made a pact to be best friends forever. They wore the necklaces and had stuck to the pact during thick and thin. Heather loved them. She closed her eyes thinking about Julian. He was a big problem, and her feelings for him were an even bigger problem.

On Monday morning she needed to figure out a plan to get over him. Being love-sick for a man who'd never look at her twice was downright depressing.

****

Julian watched Heather with her three friends up to the point of leaving. He was there with Krissy, his current girlfriend of the moment. She bored him with her constant pouting. A couple of his business associates kept looking toward the dance floor. He knew they were looking at his personal assistant. She should have been seated with him for the informal meeting, but he'd not asked her to attend. Instead, he'd sent her on her merry way while he tried to broker a deal without all the formality of meetings in boardrooms.

"Isn't that your assistant?" Bill asked.

"Yes." Julian clenched his teeth together. When the four women left he felt so relieved. Krissy's perfume was giving him a headache. Her hand stroking his thigh made him want to vomit. Heather was driving him crazy. He knew hiring her over three years ago had been a mistake. She'd not long finished college, and he'd spotted her in the enemy's den, which happened to be a rival firm. He'd swooped in and offered her a job.

Her presence in his life had been refreshing. He also found he liked watching the sway of her h*ps along with the shape of her ass as she walked away from his desk. Her perfume always turned him on first thing in the morning when she handed him the mail. Work became a constant enjoyment. Except something had changed in the last few months. She'd become terse. Her time with him had become strained. She looked like she wanted to be as far away from him as possible.

Downing the dregs of his whiskey, he excused himself from the table. Krissy wanted to dance while he wanted to find out what the problem was with his personal assistant. Her long brown locks had been pulled out of the tight bun she recently favoured. Watching her and trying to conduct business had been difficult. He shook the glass at the bartender for a refill. Glancing back at the table he saw one of the men feeling Krissy up. Julian couldn't help but chuckle. Their relationship was coming to an end. Her constant whining and demands were starting to gnaw at him

"Here you go, mate," the bar-man said as he handed him his drink.

"Thanks." Julian pulled a note of his wallet for him. He waited for his change. "Did you know those women who were standing by the bar?" he asked. Julian had no idea why he asked, but he wanted to find out more about the woman who'd been working for him for some time.

"In case you haven't seen, this place is crawling with crowds of women."

"Four women together. All of them beautiful and with fuller figures that make them stand out in a crowd. Three of them wore business suits while the other wore jeans?"

Why don't you shut up, Julian?

"You mean Connie and her crowd?"

"I don't know."

"Yeah, Connie, Ashley, Amber and Heather. They come in here most Friday nights and Sunday mornings. They like to have lunch. I know them well."

"And you are?" Julian asked.

"I'm Wade Sear. I own this place."

Julian reached over and shook the man's hand. "It's a great place you've got here. Any clues on what the women were talking about?" Julian waited. He needed to know what was going on with Heather.

"I don't know, man. They were talking about work or something. Usually, we'd talk for a while, but they know on Fridays I can't help them. It is too busy."

"Okay. Thanks for the drink. Here, this is my card. Give me a call if you ever want to think of expansion." He handed his card over, took his drink, then made his way over to the table. Krissy looked ready to bolt with the guy sitting to her left. By the end of the night he knew she'd be free and on her way. The piece of jewellery he'd gotten Heather to buy lay in his jacket pocket.

On Monday he hoped to have a clearer understanding of what was wrong with Heather. He didn't like not knowing. His controlling ways made him want to be in charge of everything. He liked the fact she did as he told her without question. Running his fingers through his hair, he waited for the best time to call his driver so he could drop Krissy off at her apartment.

Heather dominated most of his thoughts. She always had since the moment he met her. Usually his tastes in women were for the thin, model type-who were more interested in spending his money than talking to him. Heather Booth was different with her lush curves. She looked sexy as hell with the knee-length skirts and crisp white blouse she wore. Her tits were large, and the bras she wore only emphasised her size. He knew if he was to get his hands on her, he would never want to let go.

That was his problem. He didn't do commitment. Short, enjoyable flings with no emotion were what he was after. Heather looked like the type of woman who wanted forever. He couldn't offer her what she wanted. When he'd given her the job as his personal assistant, he'd done so with the intention of seducing her, then letting her go into the big, wide world. After she worked for him for several months he knew he never wanted to let her go. She was an invaluable work colleague, hard-working, and loyal to boot. Seducing her would have been wrong. He liked her way too much.

"I want to go, baby," Krissy said trying to reach for his crotch.

Julian said his goodbyes then called his driver to pick them up. He was prepared for the anger she'd show. He was a wealthy man. Most of his girlfriends hated being dumped, but when they began to think they had a hold over him, they were gone within a week. All except Heather. She'd been the female employee he'd had the longest.

"I can't wait to get you home. There is so much I want to do to you." Her words didn't turn him on. He knew she was panicking. His wallet would be gone, and she'd be left stranded with nothing to support her.

His driver came 'round. Julian gave the guy directions to her apartment. All he needed to do was stick it out until they pulled up outside her apartment.

When he saw they were only five minutes from her place, he took the jewellery from his pocket.

"I think it's time to call it quits, Krissy." He handed her the box.

"What is this?" she asked.

"You know what it is, and you've been preparing for it. I saw the way Bill was looking at you. I think you should go for it."

"So, you f**k me then pass me onto your friend while you go and pursue another woman?" Her voice rose.

"You knew this is what happens. We agreed when we were ready to move on we would. I don't do commitment, Krissy. Take what you got, and enjoy it." The car came to a stop.

"You're a self-centred, heartless bastard. I hate you, Julian Goff." He noticed she kept the jewellery as she stormed out of the car.

"Are you okay, boss?" Cage said.

"Yes. Take me back to my place now."

He sat back, relieved for her to be out of his life. Some of the women he dated were happy with his goodbye gift and a friendly kiss, but some acted like Krissy. Shrugging his shoulders he waited for his apartment where his warm bed lay. At forty years old he was growing tired of a life filled with nothing but work. He loved working, but he didn't want to die too young without enjoying his life.

Heather Booth.

Julian pushed her to the back of his mind. He'd deal with her on Monday. She was the only part of his life he didn't want to complicate.

Chapter Two

Heather rolled over with a groan. Her head ached from the tequila she'd drunk the night before. The sun was glaring in from her window. She wanted to throw her pillow at the light. How dare it look so damn cheery?

Pulling the blanket over her head, she groaned as the littlest movement made her head feel like it was exploding.

"Juice?" Connie said.

Heather peeked over the edge of the blanket to see one of her friends holding out a glass of juice and two aspirin tablets. Nodding her head gently, she sat up with a moan. "I promised you I'd make it up to you."

"I've known you my whole life, Heather. I knew you wouldn't be in any fit state to cook me breakfast." Connie sat on the edge of the bed in a pair of her pajamas. They all had something of each other's at their apartments. Stopping by and having a sleepover always happened at some point. Keeping a closet full of each other's clothing was the simplest solution.

The tablets were down with a huge swig of cool juice. "I needed that. Why did I drink so much?"

"I have no idea. You're not happy at work?"

Before Heather had a chance to answer her doorbell sounded.

"That's the reinforcements." Connie rubbed her head making Heather groan. She sipped at the juice, scared to even look at her hair. Then she remembered Connie showering her and putting her to bed.

Several minutes later, Ashley and Amber jumped on the bed with bags.

"I thought you had to work," she said.

"We did. It's two in the afternoon. You look like crap," Amber said.

The scent of baking invaded her senses. "You brought breakfast?"

"You didn't give us much of a choice. You're the best cook, and it doesn't look like you'll be able to hold a frying pan let alone make croissants." Ashley handed her a white box.

Heather pushed her hair out of her face. She knew it would be matted, but she didn't care. Leaving the house wasn't required until Monday.

"Wait, it's two o'clock? As in, I slept past breakfast and lunch?" she asked her friends. Connie walked in chuckling with a mug of what smelt like coffee in her hands.

"Yes, you were snoring, and I didn't want to wake you. You looked so cute. Plus, you were snoring really loudly."

Heather threw a pillow at Connie but laughed. Her headache began to ease, the juice and tablets doing their job.

"This is what I needed. Thank you." Heather pulled out a buttery croissant taking a huge bite. She moaned as the explosion of flavour invaded her senses.

The other kicked off their shoes and ate their own pastries. They were all bigger girls, their figures being one of the things that drew them together. When they shopped they were a similar size and could swap and change clothes without embarrassment.

"Are you going to tell us what the tequila episode was about?" Amber asked.

Heather moaned as Julian entered her head. She hated the fact he was invading her time with her girlfriends.

Her three friends looked at one another, then at her. "Guy trouble," they all said in unison.

Heather reached over for a clip and tied her head on top of her head. "It's not guy trouble. I've just realised falling for a guy you can never have sucks. Do you have any idea what it's like to be in love with a guy who gets you to pick out trinkets for his current model girlfriend?" She rubbed her hand over her face.

"Julian? Seriously, you've still got the hots for your boss?" Ashley asked.

The heat bloomed in Heather's cheeks. She nodded her head unable to voice the words. "I haven't stopped."

"Wait? You're in love with him? I knew you were hot for him, but love? Come on, Heather. You're not that stupid," Ashley said while the other two stared at her.

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Heather asked. There was no way she'd defend her boss against her best friends.

"He's a horn dog. There is no way any woman could be happy with him. He uses women, Heather. Don't allow yourself to be lost to him."

Heather stared at Ashley shocked by the vehemence on her face. "Do you guys think the same?"

Connie looked down, but Amber nodded her head. "You would be unhappy. Look at what happened last night. You haven't drunk like that in years. No guy is worth this." Amber pointed at her face and body.

Frowning, Heather climbed out of bed then walked to the bathroom. The shower the night before hadn't been great. Connie followed behind her. Heather looked a mess. Her mascara had run down her face, the smears showing where someone had tried to wipe it away. She looked awful and felt much worse.

"I tried to clean you up as much as possible. You're heavy when you're not helping," Connie said.

"You shouldn't have had to clean me up. I never wanted this to happen. I'm sorry."

Her friend wrapped her arms around her. "We love you, Heather. We don't like to see you hurting."

"I don't know how to stop feeling this way. I've tried, and it gets worse. Yes, I had the hots for him, and now I know I love him. What do you think I should do?" she asked.

Amber and Ashley stood in the doorway. They looked sad for her, and she hated that.

"Please, I don't want your sympathy. I can't cope with that right now." Heather grabbed her toothbrush, put some paste on, and began brushing her teeth.

They stayed with her as she washed her face, brushed her hair and generally freshened up. Within minutes she felt a million times better. Together they walked back into her room, took the pastry boxes then moved into her sitting room. Connie came back with a tray filled with mugs of coffee.

"You're a goddess," Heather said, taking a mug of the steaming brew and inhaling the musky caffeinated scent.

They sat in her sitting room sipping their drinks. None spoke for some time, but then Ashley squealed. "I have an idea."

Her ideas were not always brilliant, but they all listened. "Why don't you seduce him?"

"Seduce my boss? Seriously? That is your brilliant plan?"

"What's wrong with it? It's perfect," Ashley said.

"No, it's not." Heather sipped her coffee waiting for the hum it would give her.

"Actually, it would be perfect," Connie said.

"Excuse me?"

"It is a fantastic idea. You don't want to remain in the same job for the rest of your life, and if you seduce him at least you'll know if it is love or just infatuation. You can leave with your head held high and with more knowledge," Connie said.

Heather shook her head. "That plan is completely flawed on so many levels."

"Why is it?" Ashley asked.

"I have to number them? One, if I seduce him and it goes bad I have a bad reputation along with no job or references. Two, what if he's a lousy lay, and three, what if he turned out to be everything I ever hoped for, and he crushes my heart forever?" She put her mug down.

"That could be a problem," Ashley said. "You've never been in love before. How do you know you are now?"

"I don't."

They all gave her a condescending look.

"Okay, when I'm around him I feel different." She knew her face would look like a strawberry in a matter of seconds. They sat waiting for her to continue.

"I'll bite. Different how?" Amber asked.

"I don't know. He'll touch my hand, and before I know it my heart will beat faster. When I'm around him I like hearing the sound of his voice. He's intelligent and smart. When he's not being a dick, he can be very funny. I don't know exactly how I feel. I only know that I do." She rubbed her chest remembering his touch.

"You really do have it bad. I think we need to go shopping for some sexy underwear and more revealing clothes and plan. We're still going to lunch at Wade's tomorrow?" Ashley asked.

They all nodded. It had become a tradition for them to eat at Wade's. He owned a diner on the other side of the bar. It was tasty food, and they all knew he had an eye for Connie even if her friend didn't know it.

"Let's get started. I've got a bank full of money, my bills have been paid, and I want to spend," Amber said.

Heather laughed then went to get changed. Her girlfriends always cheered her up. She grabbed a sweater and tracksuit bottoms. When she was trying on clothes she liked the comfort of something loose.

****

At lunchtime the following day each of them was reading through the menu as Wade tried to make small talk with Connie. Ashley, Amber, and Heather giggled behind their menus pretending to read even as they all listened.

"So how do you like the club, Connie?" Wade asked.

"It's nice."

"And the beer?"

She winced at the question. They all know Connie didn't drink.

"I don't drink, but I think Heather liked it." All eyes turned to her.

Heather lowered the menu enough for her eyes to peep over the top. "It was great."

He nodded then went back to his note pad. Connie sipped at her water glancing down at the menu. Heather kicked his leg then pointed at her friend.

"Are you coming again?" he asked.

Heather shook her head. There was only so much they could help him with. His stumbling was losing ground. They'd known him for the last four years, ever since they'd been old enough to get into the club.

"Probably. We're all up to a drink, but I think you need to cut her off. She can't handle her liquor." Connie smirked then went back to her menu.

"Will you be doing a karaoke night, Wade?" Amber asked.

"I'm not sure."

"Well I know Connie loves to sing, and a karaoke would be wonderful."

Heather saw him change his attitude. He would do anything to gain Connie's attention.

"Sure. I can organise a night if you want."

Heather nodded her agreement. Even Connie gave him a dazzling smile.

Each of them ordered their food then watched him walk away before giggling.

"Will you guys stop?" Connie asked turning beet red.

"He's got it bad, hon. You need to either nip it in the bud or take hold and enjoy the ride," Amber said.

"He's being nice to me. Wade doesn't have any interest in me. I've seen the type of woman he likes. I'll never be that type." Connie sipped her drink.

None of them forced the issue. Their friendship survived because of their ability to hold back.

Heather excused herself from the table to go to the bar. Wade was on the phone, but she waited for him to finish. He nodded at her then put the phone down.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"Do you have a thing for Connie?" Heather wanted to make sure she wasn't mistaking niceness for an interest.

He glanced back at the table. She looked behind her. Connie was walking toward the ladies' room. Heather noticed her ass was swaying to her own beat. Glancing back at Wade she saw his eyes were on her friend's ass. She clicked her fingers in front of his face.

"Not cool looking at my friend's ass that way."

"But you just asked-"

"Exactly, I asked. I didn't give you permission to gaze f**k her."

"Sorry," he said.

"You should be." She paused to run her hands along the bar. "You need to make your move before another guy snaps her up. She's hot, Wade. Don't be scared, but put yourself out there."

He stared past her shoulder as Connie walked back to her seat. She waited until he nodded his head then went back to her friends.

They were giggling as she took her seat. Amber sobered up first. "Let's talk about how you're going to get Mr. Boss's attention."

"Oh, I think you should hand in your notice and wear the shortest skirt possible," Ashley said.

For the next hour over lunch and drinks her friends organised her wardrobe for the following week.

Heather absorbed all of their ideas. Some of them sounded cheeky, and she couldn't wait to implement them. Monday morning couldn't come fast enough for her.

She turned down the alcoholic drink and spent the afternoon sipping coffee instead. Because they had work the following day, they left each other and walked their separate ways home.

When she got to the gate for her home she was surprised to find her older brother, Elijah, sitting on her doorstep.

"What the hell are you doing here?" she asked. Heather loved her brother, but she didn't like him very much.

"I wanted to come and see you. I've missed you, sis."

She saw the suitcase next to him. Raising an eyebrow she waited for him to talk.

"I'm moving here. I need a place to crash until then." He didn't ask or look like he was prepared to beg.

"Why don't you stay with the parents?" she asked.

"Seriously? You can't put up your big brother for a few weeks?"

"Weeks?"

Shaking her head at the situation she opened the front door. If she had to put her brother up for a few weeks then she would need reinforcements. Her friends could stay over with her at some point.

Chapter Three

On Monday morning Julian was waiting for Heather to arrive at eight-thirty. His office door was wide open so he'd catch her the moment she walked in. After seeing her at Wade's club he'd wanted to talk to her. He wanted to make sure that the efficient PA he'd become accustomed to still existed. Since Friday night watching her dance Julian hadn't been able to get her out of his mind. The sensuous sway of her h*ps and the bounce of her tits were driving him to distraction. For the past three nights he'd dreamt about nothing but seducing his personal assistant. The image of her bent over his desk with her ass in the air made him wish the dream had been reality. She would look amazing over his desk waiting for him to f**k her.

Rubbing a hand down his face he picked up his phone and began trying to work out his frustration in making more money. At nine on the dot his gaze went outside his office door. A woman was bent over Heather's desk. Her legs were shapely and well defined. Her ass was full with a generous amount of flesh going on. His c**k pulsed in his pants, the thick length growing as he imagined stripping away the skirt and plunging into her wet warmth. Would her pu**y be waxed or have a smattering of pubic hair? He didn't know the answer to the question, but he wanted to find out.

The attraction was instantaneous and intense. He'd never felt anything like this for any other woman. He hadn't seen her face yet. When he'd gotten into work that morning his thoughts had been on Heather and talking to her about her time spent after work. He couldn't have his fellow business associates seeing his reliable personal assistant as anything other than reliable and trustworthy. Heather could wait while he got to the bottom of the woman leaning over her desk. That ass was too good to deny.

Julian looked 'round to get a good look at the woman when she stood and walked into his office. Heather Booth had been the woman leaning over her desk. He leaned back as she walked into his office. Her h*ps swayed as if they had a tune of their own.

She wore a skirt that fell above her knee and went in at the waist emphasising her large h*ps and modest waist. Her tits were outlined as the blouse curved into the waist but flared out for her bust. Her dark brown hair was curled around her body with some draped over her br**sts and the other around. He'd never known how long her hair was until that moment. Julian imagined wrapping the length around his hand as he f**ked her from behind.

"Julian? Julian? Julian?" Julian saw her hand waving in front of his face. She leaned over the desk. Without thinking his gaze went to the open few buttons on her blouse. He saw the swell of her br**sts and the lace of her bra. Licking his lips Julian suddenly had the desire to separate the space between them and taste the flesh of her breast. Would it taste as creamy as she looked?

"Are you seriously ogling me?"

"Ogling?"

"The panting tongue I could have let slide, but you're blatantly ignoring me and you're looking at my chest. That is just plain rude, Mr. Goff."

"You called me Julian a second ago," he said. She had made a point of not calling him by his given name.

"A second ago you weren't ogling me like I was a piece of candy. What's the matter? You've wasted all of your energy on the women in your life, and now you're now going to start on me?" she asked.

He didn't know what to say to her. Her words sounded angered. She'd never lost her temper with him before.

"I wasn't ogling you. I was thinking. I apologise if you think otherwise." He locked his fingers fighting with himself to not look at her ass.

"Good. Here are the notes you need to start today. I'll get you your morning coffee in a second. How did the gift giving go?" she asked.

He took the note from her, their fingers brushing. Her skin was so soft. Julian struggled to keep his mind focussed. So much about the woman in front of him was invading his mind.

"What?"

"The gift you asked me to pick up on Friday? Did your woman like it?"

"Yes. The gift was fine."

"Perfect." She turned and left. His gaze followed her ass as she walked out of the door then out of his sight. Leaning back in his chair he adjusted his shaft in his pants, as they had grown too tight. His erection was hard, making him ache to take himself to the nearest bathroom and relieve the pain. He hadn't done anything like that since he was a boy. What the hell was wrong with him?

Several minutes later she walked back in carrying a mug of coffee. The scent was his usual Italian blend of coffee. He liked his black with two sugars. Milk or cream ruined the taste of the coffee. He made a point of buying the best for himself and his employees. Happy employees were the best workers. Good coffee could guarantee it to a point.

"Here is your coffee." She rounded the desk putting his coffee down on his usual coaster. The side of her body brushed his arm, her citrus scent invading his nostrils. The lemon made his mouth water. Would she taste as good as lemons but with a tang of the woman underneath?

Fisting his hands he tried with all his might not to reach out. Without thinking he rubbed an invisible speck of dust off her ass. She jerked rounding on him.

"You had some fluff on you." He held his hands up in surrender.

"Okay. I'll start writing up these letters. Call me if you need me. You have an eleven o'clock appointment. Shall I show him in or make him wait?"

Julian consulted his file then informed her to allow the client to come straight in. Nodding her head she left his office, closing the door as she did so.

"I'm in trouble," he said to himself. The reaction to his personal assistant was not good. How was he going to keep his hands off her?

Putting his head in his hands he cursed his situation. He'd forgotten to talk to her about Friday. Once he did, she'd stop looking so tempting.

****

Heather checked the ladies' room then dialled her friends. They were all waiting for her call. It was lunch time, and Julian didn't like her leaving the building in case he needed her. Her friends lunched together while she was controlled by her boss.

Amber answered and then put it to speaker phone for them all to hear.

"We're here, Heather. Give us the low down," Ashley said.

"This is a complete bust. This thong is so uncomfortable. I have to concentrate not to pull it out from between my ass cheeks. Whoever invented it clearly didn't think straight. I'm going for the full lace panties next. This is too uncomfortable." She pushed the thong down her legs then sat on the toilet.

"Take it off and throw it in the trash. There is nothing like going bare," Amber said.

"I can't do that," Heather said.

"Why not?" She didn't know who was talking.

"Because I'm at work."

They all began chuckling over the phone.

"So, what's happened?"

"He kept staring at me, but I don't think he's interested in me. All of his women are stick thin. I'm never going to be thin. Hold on." She put the phone down then pulled her thong back up. No one else had entered. She went to the sink, washed her hands then retrieved her phone.

"I'm here," Heather said. She jumped onto the counter.

"He's been drooling over you?"

"I think so. His eyes went from my ass to my chest. I've never seen him look lost for words." She looked at her nails as she talked. His gaze had made her wet. She wanted more than his gaze on her body.

"I bet he wants you. Find an excuse to hand your notice in. You'll find out if he wants you or not. He'll fight to keep you."

"I don't think I can do this. It's unfair. He's never shown anything other than respect for me." Heather hated forcing another person's hand.

"Do you want to find out if you'd ever have a chance with him or not?"

"Yes." She'd given up wondering who was speaking. All of her friends cared about her.

"Do this and you can leave with your head held high. Jobs are hard to come by, but you're more than qualified to get another."

Heather moaned. "Speaking of jobs, guess who I've got in my house as a bloody guest?"

"Who?"

"Elijah."

"Your brother?" She knew that was Amber's voice.

"Yeah. He was waiting for me when I got home last night. He's moving here and needs a place to crash. I couldn't believe it. I'm going to want him gone ASAP. I think a few girly nights will send him packing. Are you all in?"

They all murmured their agreement. She checked her watch. "I've got to go, guys. I'll see you soon."

"Call us with regular updates."

Heather agreed then shut her phone. She jumped off landing perfectly on her feet. Out of sight of the other employees she moved her thong into place before walking out.

Julian stood at his doorway as she returned.

"Where have you been?" he asked. His tone was filled with annoyance.

"I went to the ladies' room. Is that a problem?" She folded her arms under her br**sts. His gaze dropped to her chest.

"Get into my office. We need to talk." He was ordering her around. Annoyed with her response to his interest she followed him inside, shutting the door behind her.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"Take a seat." He leaned against his desk, his arms folded. She saw the muscles in the top part of his arms. The muscles he had always surprised her. He spent a great deal of time behind his desk, yet he was all muscles and gave the presence of a strong, powerful man.

Licking her lips she rubbed her hands down her skirt. They were sweating, and she put it down to the attention directed at her from the man in front of her.

"I need to talk to you about Friday night."

Friday night? How did he know I was drunk?

"What about Friday?" she asked, her gaze going back to his. His blue eyes held her captive. She couldn't help but think of the ocean when she stared into his cerulean eyes.

"I know you were no longer on work time and you're free to do your own thing, but you have to remember you're a member of my staff."

"I understand. What does that have to do with Friday?"

"I saw you at the club. You were dancing with your friends."

Fuck, he saw me.

"I still don't see what the problem is." She frowned wondering what she'd done.

"I need you to consider your actions at all times. One of my business associates recognised you. Your dancing and lack of attention could affect me. I'm asking you that next time you consider how you dance and what you're doing." He nodded his head smiling at her.

Hell no. He did not just told me to be a stick in the mud because his uptight business buddies wouldn't approve.

"I wasn't doing anything wrong, Mr. Goff. What I do on my time is my business." She stood up from her chair. The difference in their height didn't help her. At least she wasn't sitting down to him standing up.

"I understand, Heather, but I'm asking you to consider-"

"Do you have any idea how you've insulted me just now?" she asked, cutting him off from talking.

"You're taking it out of hand," he said.

"No, you're taking it out of hand." She poked his chest, her temper rising at what he'd insinuated. "I was dancing with my friends after work. You were being particularly picky that day, and nothing that I did was good enough. I went out with my friends. I didn't cause any problems, and yet you're acting as if I was humping every man on stage."

He caught her hand pulling her close to his chest. "Every man was drooling over your ass. You were causing a scene."

"No one was doing anything. I'm single, and if I want to grab the attention of all the men there, then I bloody well will." She fumed at him. His anger was clear on his face.

"No, you won't."

They were so close, their anger making them breathe heavily.

"Yes, I can. You can't stop me. You're my boss. Nothing else. If I want men checking out my ass then I'll let them." She pushed at his chest to try to pull away. He wouldn't let her move. His grip tightened around her stopping her from moving.

"If you're so desperate for male attention, you can have mine." Before Heather had time to process what was happening, his lips slammed down on hers.

Chapter Four

Julian didn't know what he was doing. One minute they were fighting, and then in the next he needed to know what she tasted like. His control slipped at the thought of other men touching her. She was his. He'd never felt so out of control over a woman before in his life. Her fists tightened in the length of his jacket as he caught a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. She gasped, giving him the perfect opportunity to claim her as his. He plunged into her mouth, tasting the coffee and the cinnamon bagel he'd seen her eating at lunch.

He wanted more from her. Releasing her hand he wrapped his arm around her waist pulling her in closer. Her curves were soft against his hardness, the roundness of her tummy rubbing against his semi-hard cock. He wanted her. There was no denying his need for her. Julian turned pushing her back against his desk. He wasn't thinking. All he could do was react. Heather had gotten under his skin. He needed to claim every inch of her and wipe the thought of other men from her mind.

Lifting her onto his desk, he spread her legs wide to make room for him. He pushed the skirt up her thighs revealing her pale flesh. Gripping her thighs he felt the weight of them. She was bigger than the women he usually liked. However, he couldn't seem to control himself around her. What had changed from Friday to Monday?

You're single, and you've always wanted Heather. You just liked having her around you more.

He shut off the thought and pushed it to the back of his mind.

"We shouldn't be doing this," she said but made no move to fight him as he began to unbutton her blouse.

"Shut up." He captured her lips once again to stop her from thinking. She whimpered then sank her fingers into his hair. Pushing the fabric of her blouse out of the way, he broke the kiss to look at her tits.

Her lace bra covered her. He saw the red tips of her hard ni**les. Julian unbuttoned the clasp of her bra pushing each side out of the way.

Her heavy br**sts popped out. He cupped one in his hand feeling the weight and teasing the bud with his thumb. She let out a cry of pleasure. Her ni**les were sensitive at the lightest of his touches.

Julian kissed along her jaw until he went down to capture one red nipple between his teeth. She gasped. The sound was heaven to his ears.

Heather pulled his head away then tore at his pants. She was all thumbs and uncoordinated. He pushed her hands out of the way. In seconds his belt was undone and his pants down to his knees. He pushed her skirt to her waist appreciating the small piece of fabric that covered her cunt from his view, then tore the final obstruction from her body.

From the light shining through his office window he saw she was wet and ready. Taking hold of his c**k he placed himself at her entrance then sank inside her, slowly. Her tight pu**y gripped him. Her feminine scent surrounded him as he plunged all the way in then pulled out. His c**k was covered with her cum.

The sounds escaping from her moved him forward. He grabbed her h*ps and slammed inside her. Several items on his desk were thrown to the floor in his desire to feel her wrapped around him. Julian pulled her to the edge of his desk. His hands were on her h*ps as he f**ked her hard and fast. She held onto the edge, her tits bouncing with every thrust.

"Play with yourself. I want to feel you come," he said. His cl**ax was so close, and he didn't want to lose control before she did. Her fingers stroked her clit. Julian watched as he slowed the tempo down. "Let me taste you."

She pressed the tips of her fingers to his lips. He sucked her fingers inside his mouth. Her taste glided along his tongue. She was sweet and musky.

He let her go, and she teased her clit. The flutters of her cunt increased letting him know she was close to cl**axing.

Driving inside her, he turned and angled his h*ps so he was hitting her g-spot. Heather came apart under him. Moments later his own release overcame him, and he spurted his release inside her tight channel.

The sex had been hurried and quick. He liked to spend a great deal of time over his women. He loved watching them come apart with his touch.

Their heavy breathing was the only sound that could be heard. They hadn't locked his office door, and at any moment someone could have interrupted him. At the time he didn't care. Reaching over her, he grabbed several tissues. She didn't say a word as he pulled out of her body or as he wiped the se**n from her pu**y. They'd just had sex without a condom. He didn't want to begin to think about the ramifications of the moment. All his life he'd ridiculed and looked down on people who'd made the mistake of forgetting a layer of protection. Two minutes of fighting with Heather and he'd done the same.

He pulled his pants up and redid his belt.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Fine."

"I know it's a little late to ask, but are you on the pill?"

"Why?" She moved off his desk, wincing as she did.

"Did I hurt you?" he asked. His hands were shaking. The lack of control took him completely off guard.

"No. It doesn't matter." She picked up the remains of her thong, the blush on her cheeks deepening when she held them up to the light.

"I'll replace them."

"It doesn't matter. Why do you want to know if I'm on the pill?" she asked.

"I forgot protection. I want you to know that I'm clean. Are you clean?"

She stared at him. "Seriously? You're asking me if I've got any f**king diseases after we screwed on your desk? What the hell am I thinking?"

He watched as she ran her fingers through her hair. She looked in distress over what had happened. Usually women were all over him when he gave them his attention. Heather seemed more withdrawn from him than ever before.

"I just wanted to make sure you were clean."

"Oh, I'm not on the same social scale as you so I must sleep around? I can't believe this." She fisted the scraps of her thong in her hand, buttoned her blouse then stormed to the door. "Consider this my month's notice." She opened the door then slammed it shut.

Julian had no idea what to do. He'd just broken one of his most sacred rules, which was not to sleep with an employee. He knew when he'd hired Heather he'd only want her for a short while. That had changed when their working relationship had gone so well. Now, he'd f**ked everything up.

He needed to talk to her.

****

"Of all the stupid f**king things you could do, Heather. Why didn't you put a stop to it? No wonder he thinks you've got something contagious if you open your legs that fast for him. You probably look like some desperate slut who'd do anything for a cock." She kept muttering to herself to try to figure out what had just happened. One moment they were arguing, and in the next they were going at it like a pair of rabbits who'd been put on the endangered list.

She grabbed her purse and jacket. There was no way she'd continue working with what had just happened. Pushing the hair off her face she scowled when she scented her own juice on her fingers.

Julian came out of his office and walked over to her. The office was filling up as she gathered her stuff. She ignored him. The whole interaction had taken twenty minutes tops. She couldn't believe in twenty minutes she'd managed to orgasm and feel humiliated in the next instant.

"Leave me alone," she said. She didn't want the whole office to know what had happened. It was bad enough she felt the evidence between her thighs. He was the biggest man she'd ever been with, and she f**king ached now. She needed a hot bath with salts and some tender loving care. Elijah could leave. She wanted the house to herself.

"Where are you going?" Julian asked.

"Home. I need to get away from here, and you can't let me leave after what just happened?" She turned to leave. Julian followed her. All the times she'd wanted him to follow before, but this was not one of them.

Typical, he follows on the day when I least bloody want him to.

The elevator was clear. He stood by her side as they rode down. "We need to talk about this," he said.

She stared straight ahead. "There is nothing to talk about. I'm not on the pill. I'll go and get one of those morning-after ones. I'm clean. The last guy I slept with was a pig, and I always use condoms. You're the first one I haven't." Heather bit her lip to stop herself from crying. The risks she'd put herself through were ridiculous. She could be pregnant if she didn't go and get that pill.

"I don't want you to quit."

"That's not your decision. I can't work with you after this." The elevator pinged open.

"We need to talk." He grabbed her elbow to stop her from escaping.

"Not now. I need to go. I don't know what happened." She tried to pull out of his hold, but he wouldn't let her go.

"May I talk to you at your home?" he asked.

Julian being inside her home was the last thing she needed. She shook her head. "I'll be at work tomorrow. I can't handle this right now. I'm sorry. I've got to go."

She pulled out of his hold. This time he let her go. Heather walked out of the building feeling like she was on another planet. Her entire day had been f**ked up because he'd started kissing her, and she couldn't find the willpower to say no to him. Pushing her fingers through her hair, she moved through the throng of people on the street. Living in a city made it easy to get lost. Her phone began to ring. She grabbed it out of her purse and answered without looking who it was.

"Hello," she said.

"Heather? Are you okay? You don't sound great." It was Amber on the other line.

"I'm just great. I mean, how good is a woman supposed to feel after they just f**ked their boss in his office?" Saying the words out loud did nothing to help her in any way. Tears filled her eyes as she thought about what had happened. She was in love with Julian Goff and had been since the moment he offered her the job.

"I'm such a f**king idiot," she said.

"Listen to me, babe. Go home, and I'm getting off work. I'll come to you, and we'll talk about this. Okay?"

Heather wanted to turn her down. Being with her friends wasn't on her list. She wanted to go home, kick her brother out, then sit and cry for the rest of the night. Preferably cry over a tub of velvety chocolate ice-cream.

"All right. I'm on my way home."

"I'll call the others and let them know it is a code three emergency." Heather closed the phone when Amber was done. She didn't want to have to deal with everything right now, but her friends were her best option.

She walked all the way home hoping it would clear her head.

Elijah was sat in her sitting room reading through some paperwork when she walked on.

"You're back early," he said.

"So. Have you found a job or an apartment yet?" she asked. Her mood deteriorated the longer she had time to think about what happened.

"Someone is in a mood." She dropped her purse near the door and went straight to the kitchen.

"Do you have a job or apartment yet?" She pulled down a cup for herself ignoring her brother as he leaned against the counter. Heather made herself a cup of tea.

"I've got a job. I'm still looking at the apartment problem."

"Good. I want you gone soon." She stirred the tea bag with the hot water.

A tear escaped, and she rubbed it out of the way hoping he hadn't seen it.

"I know we've never been close, Heather, but I hoped you'd be able to talk to me about anything," he said. The relationship she had with her friends was stronger than the one she had with her own brother. She began to laugh.

"I couldn't come to you if my life counted on it, Elijah. Find an apartment, and leave me the hell alone." She went to her room leaving him behind.

When her door clicked shut she let the tears fall. Her relationship with her brother had been strained at a young age when her parents chose him for everything. He'd been the rebel but the one people gravitated towards while she'd been the fat, useless one. Her parents loved her. She knew Elijah loved her. The pain was hard to deal with.

She used to wish her relationship with her parents and brother had been better like the ones shown in the movies. Instead, her real family was the three friends she'd made since being a child.

Chapter Five

Amber stopped off home to change before going to the supermarket then on to Heather's place. She didn't like the fact Elijah was back. He always made Heather tense. When she called Connie and Ashley for support she'd been shocked to find they were both working nights and wouldn't be there to help.

She purchased two large tubs of chocolate ice-cream then made her way over to her friend's. For several minutes she stayed in her car debating on cancelling her friend. Shaking her head, she grabbed her bag then made her way to the door. It was still early in the day. Moments later her nightmare opened the door. His hair was tied round the back. She liked the fact he kept the length of his hair long.

Biting her lip she fought with the desire to stare at the ground. This was the outside world. She didn't need to do as she was told here.

"I'm here for Heather."

"I know."

"Can I get past so I can help her?" she asked.

"You know the proper way to address me," he said.

Amber stared past his shoulder wondering where Heather was. Could she hear the conversation she was having with her brother?

"I don't have to do that here," she said. Her heart was racing.

"No. Then I guess you don't want to come past." His arms were folded over his chest. From the way he stood and the look in his eye she knew he wouldn't budge until she gave him what he wanted. This is how it had always been with them since the moment she turned eighteen. The incidents with Elijah had been the only thing she'd kept a secret from her best friends. They didn't need to know about them. She didn't want anyone to know about their situation. Running her fingers through her hair she glanced beyond his shoulder for her own peace of mind.

"May I please come past, Sir?" By that simple word alone her pu**y moistened. Elijah always had the power to make her wet by his actions.

He reached out stroking her hair. He'd asked her to keep it long, and because she wanted to please him, she had kept it long.

"I love your hair."

"What the hell are you doing?" Heather asked. Amber pulled away glaring at him, then pushed past him. The action of him touching her hair gave her consent to pass.

"How are you doing, honey?" Ashley gave Heather a hug making sure Elijah couldn't see her face.

"I'm going to take a bath. Are you okay with him until I'm done?"

Amber nodded then watched her friend walk up the stairs. She turned on the only man in the room. "She is to never find out about us," she said.

"You keep secrets? I thought you guys talked about everything."

She walked past him, grabbed her bag and went to the kitchen. He always kept his distance from her when her friends were around. That time when she was eighteen and the last few times she'd seen him, Elijah hadn't said anything about moving closer.

Her sexual experiences were all with him.

"You shouldn't be ashamed," he said. His arms wrapped around her waist as he whispered against her ear. She closed her eyes pretending they were elsewhere. Her desires scared her. Elijah had been the only man who understood her.

"No, they don't need to know. This is part of who I am, but maybe I'll grow out of it someday." She was twenty-five and couldn't reach an orgasm without that edge of pain. What was wrong with her?

"I should put you over my knee and spank your ass until it's red. There is nothing wrong with you. You're perfect." He nibbled her neck. She let him for several moments. His attention always made her feel special.

"I've got to help Heather. She's been through so much."

"I'm not leaving. I'm here to stay."

Amber nodded her head knowing she couldn't fight him. She didn't want to fight him. He pulled away. She felt the loss of his touch. Heather came down the stairs wearing her favourite teddy bear pajamas. With two spoons and a huge carton of ice-cream, Amber was ready to comfort her friend.

****

Julian couldn't leave work without making sure everything was settled. Watching Heather walk away had been one of his hardest decisions ever. He wanted to follow her. What had happened between them confused him. One moment they were arguing about her actions Friday, and then the next she was poking him. After that he only remembered the intense pleasure as he sank into her tight pu**y. His c**k twitched as he sat behind his desk.

Concentrating on work was difficult to do with his c**k getting hard at the littlest thought of a dark-haired beauty.

He couldn't lose Heather. Not as his personal assistant and not as his woman either. When had he started to think about her as his woman?

By the time five o'clock came he was out of the door and on his way to Wade's bar. He needed to know where she lived, and he had a feeling either the owner or her girlfriends would know. Julian knew it would be easier to check her file, but he didn't want to draw any more attention to her. He knew how the office staff worked. Making her the talk of the cafeteria wasn't the solution.

Julian drove to the bar and parked in the back. It was gone five, and the after work crowd were gathered ready to have a drink. Winter was almost upon them, and Julian buttoned up his jacket to guard against the chill in the air. He walked into the club. He liked the contemporary look of the place, which offered immediate ease to anyone who entered. Wade was behind the bar on the telephone as he approached. The owner gave him a smile before calling off.

"Can I help you?" Wade asked.

"You know Heather Booth and her friends?"

"Yes."

"Do you know them well?" Julian's questions were causing some frowning from the other man.

"What is this about?" Wade moved a box of beer from the counter to behind him.

"I need to talk to Heather. She works for me. I was wondering if you knew where she lived or knew when her friends would be in. I need to talk to them." He waited for Wade to answer.

"Look behind you. You'll see one of them right now."

Julian turned. The girl with the blonde hair stood behind him.

"You want to see Heather after what you did to her?" she asked.

"I didn't do anything. She ran out before we had chance to talk." He stared at her remembering her from the Friday before.

"I'm Connie." The woman brushed past him and paid Wade. The other guy handed her a white packet.

"Here you go, Connie. A proper bacon, lettuce, and tomato just the way you like it," Wade said.

"No one makes a BLT the way you do." Connie turned back to him. "You want to make it up with Heather?"

"I need to talk to her. I want to make it right."

"Are you going to break her heart?" she asked.

"That is not my intention."

That is what you do. You break women's hearts with disappointment. Should you leave Heather alone? She can do better than you.

You want her.

Take her.

"I'll give you her address only because I know how she feels about you." Connie put her sandwich down, took a piece of paper, and wrote Heather's address. "Here, go and visit her. But be warned, if you hurt her I will come and gut you. This is not a friendly warning. I took a cookery course and know how to gut fish. You'll be one." She grabbed her sandwich, waved at Wade and left him.

"Those girls are tight, man. They will hurt you if you hurt one of their pack." Wade gave him a warning. "How long have you known them?" Julian asked.

"They don't remember me, but I was friends with Heather's brother. Not great friends, but I know the girls from when they were younger. I'll tread carefully."

Julian nodded, looked at the address, then walked out of the bar. He needed to talk to her. He liked the fact she had friends to care for her.

The address on the piece of paper took him near the edge of the city. It was a busy street if he recalled. He found directions then started the car. It was busy for a Monday after work. The traffic slowed him down to the point when he parked outside her house it was dark. The lights were on and the curtains drawn. He got out, noticing the neighbourhood was nice. His house had a long drive and had several acres of land separating him from his neighbours.

He knocked on her door. This was the first time he'd been to a woman's door before. Most of them were usually staying with him for some kind of function. He never had to call on a woman.

A man with long hair tied round the back answered the door. He wore a pair of blue worn jeans and a plain white shirt. "Can I help you?" he asked.

"I'm looking for Heather. I was told I could find her here."

"What do you want with Heather?"

Julian didn't like the man on sight. If she had a boyfriend then why had she let him go so far? A woman with red hair came round the corner. Julian recognised her from the club on Friday.

"You're Julian Goff."

"Yes."

"Connie called to let me know you'd be stopping by." She turned to the man. "He's here to see your sister. Let him in."

"What's going on? Why are you all crowding around the door?" Heather came into view wearing the cutest pair of teddy bear pajamas he'd ever seen. "What are you doing here?"

"You left before we had a chance to talk. We need to talk."

"Do you want him in?" the brother asked her.

Heather kept staring at him. She nodded her head after some time had passed. "We need to talk."

"Excellent. You can talk to my sister while Amber and I go and get dinner. I'm starved. Do you like pizza, mate?" The brother handed Amber a coat then pushed past him.

"It looks like I've been organized. Are you okay being alone with him?" Amber asked Heather.

His woman nodded her head. He closed the door behind him and faced her.

"You didn't have to come to my home. I would have seen you in work tomorrow."

"I doubt that, Heather. We both know you'd find some reason not to work the month's resignation." He walked further into her room. She went down the short hallway to the kitchen. He followed her.

"I wouldn't have filed a lawsuit or anything. I was with you all the way."

"I know." She wasn't the type of woman to involve the law. "Do you have a job to go to?"

She shook her head.

"In this type of market you think it is sensible to quit your current job without another one lined up?"

"I'll find something. After what happened I think working together is wrong." She stirred some coffee into a cup then handed it to him.

"You mean after we f**ked on my desk."

She dropped the cup spilling hot coffee all over her kitchen. "Why did you have to do that?" She shoved his chest out of the way and began cleaning up the mess. Julian helped her mop up. When she dumped the towels in the sink he went to her putting a hand on either side of the counter, trapping her in.

"We f**ked, Heather. There is no getting away from it."

"And I messed up everything," she whispered. Her hair was pulled up into a clip exposing her neck. There had been so many times he'd wanted to kiss the delicate flesh. He gave in to temptation and tasted her.

She moaned as he nibbled the back of her neck, her body shaking as he teased her with his kisses.

"Can I let you in on a little secret?" he asked.

"What?"

"I want to f**k you a lot more."

"What?" She spun round. Her body was flush against his. He wrapped a hand around the back of her neck while the other covered her waist.

"I want to tear the clothes from your body, spread your pretty white thighs, and f**k you hard. I want to take you over and over again."

Her tongue peeked out as she licked her lips. Julian groaned as his c**k tightened unbearably in his pants. He wanted to feel her sweet lips wrapped around the length of his shaft.

"Do you feel that?" he asked. Julian pressed his c**k against her rounded belly. The tip was wet from his pr**cum. The arousal shocked him by its speed.

Her moans were driving him crazy. How had he not seen the passion inside her? She wanted him. He saw it, recognised it. Now he wanted her all to himself. The change was instantaneous inside him. He let go of her hair to unbutton her teddy bear top.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I need to be inside you."

She covered his hands with her own. "No."

"You want me, Heather. Don't try to deny the attraction between us." He stopped only because she'd asked him to.

"You've just finished with another woman. I'm not going to be a quick f**k, Julian. I couldn't live with myself." She pulled away going to the other end of the kitchen. She looked so damn sexy.

"There is no other woman in my life, Heather."

"At the moment."

"I'm not going to pretend to be a saint. I love women, but I never cheat on them." It was the one thing he refused to do. Cheating on a woman was disrespectful and rude.

"Love women? You use them. Why should I put myself through that kind of heartache?" she asked.

Julian glanced around her kitchen. Her question was valid. He could not give her a happily ever after. All he was able to give her was a good time along with a healthy pay-check at the end.

Chapter Six

The man she loved was in her kitchen sporting a huge erection for her, and here she stood, ready to turn him down. The heartache he would cause her wasn't worth the pain she knew he'd give her. Knowing all of the negatives she couldn't help the warmth between her legs or the yearning to feel him close.

"Your pu**y is wet for me."

She loved his dirty talk far more than she should. In fact, she should be slapping him 'round the face and forcing him out of her house. Instead, her pu**y was dripping with cum. The desire to tear her pajamas from her body and spread out on the kitchen floor was strong.

"This is not fair," she said.

"You want me, Heather. I'm here. Yours for the taking." He moved closer invading her space once again. She didn't know how he stopped her from thinking. When he was near her ability to process thoughts diminished.

"Only for a short time, Julian. I don't want to be a quick f**k."

"Then we don't be a quick f**k. We can be something else," he said. He caught her face between his much larger hands.

"What do you mean?"

"I don't want to lose you. I want to explore this."

"What? Fuck-buddies?"

"No. I want you to be mine for as long as it takes."

She frowned, not understanding what he wanted. "I don't get it. What were all those other women to you?"

"A distraction."

"You want to date me?"

"Yes, I'll date you on your terms." He kissed her lips ever so gently. "I don't want to lose whatever this is."

"You've never had to come to a woman's house before?"

Julian shook his head. Heather didn't know what to think. On the one hand it has been what she'd dreamed about since the moment she met him. On the other, how could she give herself to a man who couldn't commit to her?

"What if it doesn't work?"

"You're free to work out your notice, and I'll guarantee you another job elsewhere." He rubbed his thumb along her lip. "Please, Heather. Consider what I'm offering you."

"That's the thing. I don't know exactly what you're offering me." She held his hand in hers. "You were arguing about me dancing on Friday. Then we were shouting, and then we were ha**ng s*x on your desk. I've been working for you for over two years now, and in all of that time you haven't treated me in any way other than as an employee. What has changed your tune?"

"Do you really think there has been nothing going on between us?"

She nodded her head. What else could she say? Her time with him was spent doing work or getting his laundry or buying gifts for his ungrateful girlfriend. How could she believe he had had a change of heart?

"No other woman in my life has spent so much time with me, Heather."

"I'm your personal assistant. It's required of me."

"To a certain extent, yes, but not all the time. There have been meetings abroad and dinners I've taken you to purely because I didn't want you to leave my side," he said.

Her mouth opened in shock. She didn't know how to close it. There had been many dinners and trips over the past couple of years where he'd demanded her presence rather than requested it.

"What about your women? There have been many items of jewellery I've gotten for you over the years. At least six. What were they if you don't cheat on women, Julian?" Her hands were on her h*ps as she argued her side. There was no way she'd give up everything because he asked her to. The love she felt for him was strong but not strong enough to throw herself at him.

"We work well together. I've never had a more efficient and hard working PA before. Your skills in the work-place meant a great deal to me. There were many times I wanted to change it, Heather. Last Friday being a very good example."

"What about last Friday?" she asked. The episode with her dancing kept cropping up.

"I couldn't stand the thought of another man touching you. All I wanted to do was pull you off the floor and make you mine."

The possessiveness he displayed shocked her. Julian always seemed so put together as a man. He was in control and the leader. She began to see a whole other side of him.

"I was just dancing."

"You were shaking your ass for someone other than me." He cupped her butt making her squeal as he gave her a light slap.

"I've been going out dancing with my friends all the time I've been working for you."

"There is a difference between that time and now."

"What?" she asked. His masculine scent threatened to drive her insane with longing. He smelt so damn good. His scent was a combination of male sweat and expensive perfume. She giggled when she thought of Julian wearing perfume. The word sounded so feminine when compared to the very masculine man in front of her.

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing. You were saying?"

"When you were out dancing before I didn't know about it. Now I do, and I don't like it," he said.

"But I like dancing."

"Then I'll take you."

"Are you a possessive kind of ass**le? Because if you are we can end this now."

You want him, possessive crap and all.

"Only when it comes to you. I've never felt this way about another person."

The sound of the door going interrupted them.

"I need an answer. Do you want to date me?"

Yes!

"What about work? People will talk, and I don't want that kind of stigma attached to my name. I work hard for the position I'm in. I don't want my work to look less because of me dating the boss."

"Then it will be between us. You'll be sleeping with the boss."

Heather didn't know what to say. She was saved from saying anything when Elijah and Amber walked into the kitchen.

"Are you staying for pizza?" Elijah asked.

"Sure, if I'm allowed to stay." Julian turned back to her. Her body was humming with sexual awareness. She'd just agreed to have an affair with the boss. Ignoring her own warnings she nodded her head. Heather gazed down at her attire. There was no point changing. She took a seat at the table as Amber grabbed plates and glasses. She handed a soda to her then a plate. Julian and Elijah dug in without any plates, their conversation turning to football. Amber sat next to her nibbling on the crust of a pizza.

"What's going on?" she whispered.

Heather glared at her and shook her head. She'd talk to her when the man in question was well out of ear-shot.

No matter how many times she tried not to think about it she would be having an affair with the boss. Julian wanted her. It was like she'd fallen asleep and not woken up. How many dreams had she dreamt over the years that featured something like this? Lots. When they were finished Amber escorted Julian into the sitting room until she was finished washing up. Elijah helped him clear the dishes.

"I like Julian. He seems nice," he said.

"Good for you." She placed the final cup away on the counter.

"Is this how it is going to be between us?" he asked.

Closing her eyes, Heather gained her composure before turning back to him. "What do you expect?" She hated the way he always got what he wanted. Throughout their life together everything always appeared to be handed to him on a silver plate. He was smart, and people gravitated towards him like a moth to a flame. Their parents were always speaking highly of him, while she was left feeling like an insecure, fat, little sister. It was petty of her to be feeling this; she knew and understood that, but she couldn't help the way she felt. Elijah was not her favourite person.

"I don't know why you hate me so much, Heather. I never wanted it to be like this for us."

"I'm twenty-five years old. Your time for caring about our problems has long passed. I suggest you find yourself another place to stay and soon. You're outstaying your welcome." Heather hated herself for saying it, but she couldn't bring herself to let him in.

She joined Amber and Julian.

"I'm going to leave you for the night. See me out?" Julian asked. Her hands were shaking from the small confrontation with her brother. She nodded her head then went out into the hall.

"I'll see you tomorrow at work."

"Yes."

He cupped her cheek. "This will work for us."

She nodded her head. He didn't kiss her but left her wanting him to. She leaned against the door. Amber waited for her in the sitting room. Elijah was nowhere to be seen.

"We've got the house all to ourselves. Spill." Amber handed her a carton of chocolate ice-cream as well as a spoon.

Heather explained everything that had happened, not leaving anything out. By the time she was finished half a carton was gone, and Heather felt like she'd made the wrong decision.

"So to simplify things, Julian began arguing with you, you bit back, and ended up ha**ng s*x on his desk." Heather nodded. "Then you left before you had a chance to talk. He came here offering you an affair with him?"

"Yes. It will be between us. No one will know but him and me. It should work." Heather knew she sounded desperate.

"Even though you're not the type of woman to settle for an affair and he has a reputation of only ever screwing women then dumping them."

"With a piece of jewellery," Heather said.

"Heather! You're missing the point. How will you feel when it is all over, and you have a piece of jewellery to keep you company? I know you. You'll feel like crap."

Heather knew what her friend was saying was the truth. A relationship with Julian was set to fail, but she couldn't walk away. The feelings he evoked within her were too strong to deny.

"I know there is no future with this. Julian has made it perfectly clear it will be an affair and nothing more. He's never been with a woman long. I'm just going to enjoy it while it lasts." She licked the spoon taking every drop of chocolate ice-cream into her mouth. "I don't want to regret not doing this. I know I'm asking for trouble. Who isn't with a proposition like that?"

"I love you, Heather. We all do. We wouldn't want to see you get hurt."

"I know. But I want to do this, even though part of me is screaming for me not to."

"We'll be here when you need us."

****

Julian drove home feeling much better about his future. He knew Heather was different from all the other women he dated. She wasn't cold or calculating in any way. His money never came up in any conversation. If anything she rarely talked about anything but work with him. He knew very little about her, barring the fact she had three friends and a brother. Over the next few weeks he would talk with her, get to know the woman who'd intrigued him more than any other.

The moment he was inside his home he pulled off his tie and loosened his shirt. He dimmed the lights and opened himself a bottle of beer before sitting in front of the television. There was nothing on. Throwing the remote away he got up, putting his now empty bottle in the recycling bin.

He made his way towards his room then on to his en-suite bathroom. His clothes were discarded onto the floor as he turned on the shower. Heather entered his head. If she hadn't stopped him he would have taken her there in her kitchen. He wouldn't have cared if they got caught. He wanted her, and that was all that mattered to him.

"Act now, ask questions later" was his motto.

His c**k lengthened as he thought about her. Even in her teddy bear pajamas she'd looked sexy as hell to him. Pushing her to the back of his mind he washed his hair, then soaped his body. He didn't expect the attraction between them to last, but he would be straight with her and honest. The moment he finished in the shower he stepped out wrapping a towel around his hips. Julian brushed his teeth, then used another towel to dry his hair before making his way into his room.

He threw the used towels into the basket. Pulling back the cover he got into bed turning out the light. He leaned back staring at the ceiling of his bedroom as he thought about Heather. Her full curves and generosity would be a pleasure to harness in the bedroom. He imagined her being very giving. Her passionate nature would be amazing for him to be on the receiving end.

The image of her curves spread open for him to enjoy made his c**k thicken. He'd been inside her tight, creamy cunt, and he wanted in again. Her heat surrounded him like a warm hand. Julian moaned reaching between his thighs to grip his cock. The thick length felt hot against his palm. He closed his eyes picturing Heather using her hand instead. She would be hesitant at first. Julian imagined her little tongue peeking out as she concentrated on bringing him pleasure.

He pulled back his foreskin using his pr**cum to lubricate the tip. There wasn't enough, so he pulled a tube of lube he kept in his drawer. Julian squirted a small amount of the clear gel onto his palm before applying it to his cock. He gasped as the cool gel was smeared on his cock.

His eyes closed after he lubricated his cock. The pleasure from imagining Heather was enough to get him going. Fisting his shaft with his hand he let his imagination wander. He pictured her on her knees before him, her luscious mouth open to take his cock. The picture changed to her being on her hands and knees waiting for him to f**k her. No matter what he imagined there was nothing compared to the reality of their quick screw on his desk. The way her tits had bounced as he slammed inside her made his gasp. The tip of his c**k pulsed as a wave of pleasure tightened his balls. His cum was close to erupting out of the slit at the tip. Biting his lip, he remembered the tight heat as her pu**y held him in its depths.

The image of his slick c**k disappearing inside her wet slit set him off. With a deep guttural growl he erupted. He fisted his c**k in a quick beat, and his cum shot up his belly. Julian rode the wave of pleasure, Heather at the forefront of his mind.

Only when the pleasure began to recede did he pull away. He lay back on the sheets, sweaty and spent. His heart raced from masturbating, but his need for a f**k left him wanting more.

His sudden obsession with his personal assistant made him uncomfortable. Women were his distraction in the world. They were not designed for him to become distracted about. Shaking his head in disgust, he went to the towels in the basket and used one to wipe the evidence of his weakness away.

After he cleaned himself up, he took another shower then went back to bed. In the morning Heather would be all his. He'd f**k her out of his system, and like all the women before her, she'd join the pile of women he'd used.

A jolt in his heart made him pause in his thinking. Julian rubbed at the pain in his chest wondering what the cause could be. He had no feelings for Heather and refused to believe anything other than a good time could come from their time together. When work came Heather would be his, and this obsession would run its course.

Julian was sure of it.

Chapter Seven

Her palms were sweaty, and her skirt felt too tight. She refused to believe the tub of ice-cream she'd consumed last night could affect her shape so quickly. Her weight was a never-ending pain in the ass. All she needed to do was look in the same direction as a fudgy chocolate cake, and her h*ps doubled in size. If she chose to eat the cake then her h*ps would triple. Her weight was unfair to her.

Three other people rode the elevator with her, a thin woman and two men. She felt she should have taken the stairs. Heather stood in the corner of the elevator wishing she'd gotten to work earlier. Of all the days for her to be late to work, why did it have to be this one? She'd set her alarm but forgotten to increase the volume. What good was an alarm when it was on f**king mute?

Shaking her head she glanced down at her watch to see she was an hour late. She'd agreed to have an affair with her boss, who happened to be the man she loved, and she was late. Staying up until two in the morning chatting with her friend had been a big mistake. She knew Amber was looking out for her, but she wanted to be with Julian, even if she didn't like the way she was going about it.

The elevator pinged for the second time. The three occupants walked out leaving Heather alone with her troubled thoughts. She wasn't the type of woman to sleep around at all. What Julian was offering her was crap. There was no way to look at what he offered as anything but crap. No love, no promises, just a lot of sex without any chance of commitment.

She tapped her foot waiting for the elevator to ping for her own floor. Julian would make her work over at the end of her shift. When she'd phoned reception to let them know she knew the sound of sympathy when she heard it. The women on the front had given her the sympathy look the moment she walked in. Her future looked bleak.

The elevator pinged, and then the door slid open. She smiled at several colleagues as she made her way to the desk. Julian was waiting at the entrance to his office. He stared at her while she put her bag and jacket away.

"Get the coffee, and then close the door when you come in," he said before she got the chance to argue with him. Nodding her head at the vacant spot, she ran to the office rest room. She made his coffee the way he liked it, then all but ran back to his office.

She closed the door then went to the desk placing his coffee down next to him.

"You're late," he said, his voice harsh as he spoke.

"I know. I slept through my alarm. Then Elijah took the keys, and I couldn't get out of my own home until he came back. It was a nightmare. I'm sorry." She bit her lip as he stared at her. He had the same blank expression on his face like the ones she'd seen him use in the boardroom. She felt sorry for the men on the receiving end of that intense gaze.

"This is the first time you've been late?"

"Yes, I don't make a habit of it. You know that."

He nodded his head. "Come here."

She hesitated for a second. Why did he want her to get closer? Then finding her nerves annoying she went straight to him. He stood up, swamping her with his size and presence. She gasped as he cupped her face, tilting her head back to gaze into her eyes.

"You're so jumpy."

"It is not every day a woman agrees to sleep with her boss." Her body was melting under his touch. She craved his touch more than she did her next chocolate bar. This was her problem. She knew he was a "love 'em and leave 'em" kind of guy, and yet she was still panting for him. What was wrong with her? Was she a glutton for pain? There was only one possible way this could end, with her in pain.

"You'd be surprised at how many women do," he said.

"Really? This is an everyday occurrence?" She shook her head, not believing a word he said. He still held her face between his hands. She liked his hands on her body. They were larger than hers. For the first time she felt small compared to a man. She hated it when she felt like a flump. No matter what others said, she would always be conscious of her weight.

"I think it happens more than you give it credit for." He stroked her cheek. She closed her eyes, enjoying his gentleness. "Think about it. Two people, a man and a woman, working closely together for days, weeks, and months. An attraction is bound to happen with all that time together."

"So you think that is what this is between us? Time spent together has grown into an attraction?" she asked. If he said yes she'd find life so unfair. Her attraction towards him had been building since she first met him.

"We'll soon find out."

"How?" His thumb stroked along her bottom lip. With his hands on her, Heather struggled to concentrate on anything other than his closeness. One tiny step would have her body pressed against his. She was scared to make that next step. The desk where they'd had sex was next to her thigh. She felt the heat of the evidence against her hip as strongly as she felt the attraction towards the man in front of her.

"We'll see how long this lasts."

"But how would that help?"

"Because if it doesn't fizzle out then we know it is more than time keeping us together. Now, I'm going to kiss you."

He pressed his lips to hers. The touch of their lips was gentle to start. A moan escaped her as he cupped the back of her neck, the pressure of his hands making her gasp. Her lips parted, and he took full advantage by sliding his tongue inside.

All too soon the kiss went from gentle to fire. His hand tightened on her waist pulling her closer. She felt the length of his c**k against her stomach. No words formed on her lips as he turned her, then pressed her onto his desk once again. Her ni**les were unbearably tight against her lace bra. The fabric felt itchy next to her skin. She wanted her clothes off and his lips in place of them.

Heather knew if she didn't stop then she would end up being f**ked on his desk again.

"No," she said, breaking away from his kiss.

"What's the matter? I want you. I need you." He trailed kisses from the corner of her mouth to her neck. She shivered as he bit the delicate flesh of her neck. The pleasure intensified. Liquid warmth flooded her pu**y, and her panties were soaking wet from her arousal. A cry left her lips as he tweaked a budded nipple between his fingers.

A knock sounded at his office. Julian covered her mouth with his palm. She stared, alarmed, at him. This wasn't supposed to happen. This is one of the reasons she didn't want to conduct an affair with him.

"Who is it?"

"It's Beth. I'm looking for Heather. She told me to see her this morning, but I can't find her."

Julian glared at her removing his palm enough for her to whisper. "She's got the reports you need on your new takeover bid."

"Heather is busy at the moment. She's taking some notes for me on a very important phone call. Leave the file on her desk. She'll find you when we're done."

"Yes, sir."

When the coast was clear Heather jumped up from his desk and put as much space between them as she could. Her heart was beating rapidly. The flutters of her pu**y made her aware of what could have happened but didn't. The disappointment, excitement, and all other emotions crammed into one to make her feel lost.

"We can't do this here," she said.

"Then you come home with me tonight."

"Why? Are you trying to screw with my head, Julian? Is that what this is about? To see how far you can push me until I snap?" She stopped. Her voice was rising, and she didn't want to grab any unwanted attention. "What exactly was that about? Grabbing me like that? Why can't we keep our hands off each other? We've done it the last few years."

"First, that is a lot of questions to answer. Most of them you already know the answer to. I'm not trying to ruin you in anyway, Heather. I've been waiting to kiss you since I arrived here at seven. I know you get in early, and I wanted to be here when you did."

Heather paused at his revelation. "You wanted to kiss me?"

"Yes. I wanted to start our day off to a good start. After I kissed you, I was going to invite you back to my place tonight."

She fell harder for him. The romance in what he'd said wasn't lost on her. He wanted to kiss her. How could a woman not melt for him after that confession? If she was made of nothing but water then she'd be a puddle at his feet.

Licking her lips she thought about her plans for the evening. "I can phone my friends and cancel." She knew that was against the girl code, and she hoped they'd understand.

"Don't forget to warn your brother. I don't want Elijah knocking down my door trying to get to you."

"I will." She wouldn't spill her guts about her lack of care when it came to her brother. She didn't see the need to tell him of her whereabouts.

"I think you should stay here and take some notes. When you leave you can look frazzled by all the work I've given you."

Heather nodded her head grateful for his consideration of her work reputation. He handed her a pad of paper and a pen.

"It is a good thing I saved some work for you," he said. She took the pad and pen from him.

"Thank you, Julian."

"What for?"

"For allowing me to keep my job and not expose me as some kind of slut." She blushed at him then sat down.

"I never thought I'd see that."

"What?"

"A woman blush. I've been around too many women with an agenda, and I feel it has left me cynical towards your sex. I'm also older than you. This could blow back in my face."

She groaned at the mention of age. "Don't bring up the age gap. There is nothing wrong with us. I'm twenty-five, and people won't care about the differences. They'll think I'm after you for your money or your position."

"Are you?" he asked with a hint of a smile on his face.

"Yes, I'm totally after you money. I couldn't live with myself without all those model clothes I can't get into. Have you seen the limit on the sizes in the women's shops you go to? My size doesn't cut it."

Shut up, Heather.

Now she'd just gone and told him her size.

Great, now he knows you've got an insecurity about your weight.

"I love your curves. I don't care about what the numbers are on the label. So my money is one thing you want me for. What else?" He was smiling at her. Her heart fluttered at his lack of concern with her size. So many men seemed to want women with a size zero figure, who ate a diet of celery and carrot sticks.

"I'm going to sue you for sexual harassment."

Julian burst out laughing causing her to giggle at the comment.

"You and I both know you could never go through with anything like that. You don't crave the attention like others do. You're happier being left alone," he said.

"How do you know that?" Dancing at a club was different from having your whole life spread out in a newspaper for the whole world to dissect and mock. She'd rather stick to dancing in Wade's club. That was as much attention as she wanted.

"I've watched you at business meetings. You don't like questions fired directly at you. You begin to fidget, and your cheeks turn red. It is really cute to see."

"Great. Me looking like a strawberry is cute?" She smiled though. He'd noticed her, and that had to account for something. Or was she clutching at straws?

Shaking her head she gazed down at the pad in front of her. "You better make me look busy. I don't want any work colleagues to doubt my ability."

"If they doubt your ability they can answer to me."

Heather smiled. She listened to him dictate several pieces of information he wanted her to copy up. Notes were taken, and then when enough time passed she left his office. He told her to leave the door open.

"I want to be able to see you at all times," he said.

She smiled as she sat at her desk. She knew there would be times she'd be working where he watched her.

By the time lunch came she delivered Julian his food, and then disappeared into the ladies' room to make the calls she had to make. As usual all her friends were together when she dialled one of their numbers.

"Heather, you've got to start getting out of work. Wade is a fantastic cook," Connie said.

"I know. Work commitments and all that." She looked under each stall to make sure she was alone.

"Do you ever think your crush on your boss could be down to the amount of time you spend together?" Amber asked.

Heather jerked. It was nearly the same as what Julian had said.

"I guess I'll soon find out," she said. "Speaking of which, I'm not going to be home tonight."

She heard the silence on the other end. The silence and the disapproval at her comment.

"You're going home with him?" Ashley asked.

"Yes, why is this such a shock to everyone?" Heather knew her friends didn't approve, which was stupid. They were the ones who had encouraged her to take this leap.

"We thought you'd see his attraction for you then fight it. He's not right for you, Heather. Look at all the times you've complained about his scumbag techniques." This was coming from Connie. "This will end in tears."

"And if it doesn't?" Heather found herself asking.

There was a round of frustrated sighing. "Can you hear yourself? You sound like a woman in one of those romantic films you love so much. Julian is never going to change. He will break your heart and leave you broken. You have to see this, Heather." Amber ranted over the phone.

It was strange. When her friends were disapproving, she knew who said what.

"I see it. I know this will end in heartbreak for me. I also know I won't be able to look at him afterwards. There is a lot I know will happen. But I also know that if I don't do this, then I'll regret. Put my feelings aside. Wouldn't you guys jump at the chance to be with the man you love?"

"At what price?" Connie asked.

"Any price. I have you guys to help me afterwards. It's asking a lot. I love you guys and would hate to cause any problems for you." She stared at her reflection wishing she knew all the answers.

"We'll all be here for you. I can't promise I won't kick his ass, but I'll make sure you're cared for," Ashley said.

"You better get in touch with Elijah. He'll be worried about you," Amber said.

Heather snorted. "I'll get in touch with him."

"Regardless of what you think of him, Elijah does love you. You'll need to get over whatever issues you're feeling."

"I will. Thanks, guys."

"Be safe," they all said.

She closed her phone. Her hands were shaking. It was the first real disagreement she'd ever had with her friends. She didn't like arguing with them. None of them had ever felt the need to fight. She flipped he phone open and dialled Elijah's number.

"Hello," he said on the first ring.

"It's me."

"Heather? Are you all right? I thought you got to work safely?" The concern in his voice startled her.

"I'm fine. I just wanted to tell you I won't be home tonight. I'm going on a date with someone, and I'll be gone all night."

"Tomorrow is a work day. Should you be spending time away at night? Do I know him?"

"You know him, and I know what I'm doing. I don't need you preaching to me as well."

"Who else has been preaching? Your friends?"

She rolled her eyes growing frustrated with all of their concern. "Elijah, I'm twenty-five, and I'm free to make my own choices."

"The last time I checked, Julian Goff was forty years old. He's a little old for you," Elijah said.

"How do you know it's Julian?"

"He's the only guy I know who has called on you. It was easy. You're not being sensible, Heather. He's your boss. You don't shit where you eat."

"That is a disgusting statement. I'm hanging up now." She flipped the phone closed, refusing to think about his accusations. She knew it all.

They're only worried about you.

They didn't need to be worried. She knew what she was doing.

Do you?

She washed her hands then went back to her desk. His door was closed, and she ignored the desire to go in. She took a sip of her cold coffee. Her hands had stopped shaking. She took the notes she'd made earlier and began working.

Chapter Eight

By the end of the day, Julian couldn't wait to get out of the office. He'd spent the whole day watching Heather working. When she got out of her chair to fetch his coffee he admired the sway of her h*ps and the generous swell of her ass as she moved. His c**k had refused to leave him be. He had spent most of the day harder than rock. Business meetings became difficult because of his distraction with Heather. The sooner he had her in his bed the better. He didn't like distractions.

He shut down his computer for the day. Most of his employees had left for the day. He didn't want Heather to get a bad reputation. Their attraction for each other shouldn't cause her any problems. He closed off the lights, grabbed his coat then went to her desk. She was putting her bag on her shoulder as he came out.

"Did you call your friends and brother?" he asked.

She nodded her head. He saw the tenseness in her shoulders.

"They didn't approve?"

"Nope. They think I'm going to end up hurt and heartbroken." She looked up to meet his eyes.

"What do you think?"

"If I don't do this then I'll regret it, and I'm using you as much as you're using me," she said.

"Why?"

She licked her lips. "If our attraction is based on our close working relationship then I have a right to know. If it's not, then I'll deal with it. I'm not a simpering woman, Julian. I can take care of myself."

He knew she was.

But who'll protect her from you? You know you're going to hurt her. Can you really let her fall into that trap?

Julian shook the doubts from his mind. He couldn't allow himself to think like that. She was a distraction he needed to be rid of.

"Are you ready to leave?"

"Yes."

Together they rode the elevator down to the main parking area. The parking area was deserted. His car was the only one that remained.

"You didn't bring your car?" he asked.

"No. It is another reason why I was late."

Julian opened the passenger door for her, helping her get in before shutting the door. He went round to his side then climbed in beside her. He started the car, then pulled out of his space and out of the building. Neither said anything as he drove around the busy city streets towards his house. He lived on the outskirts of town. He owned several houses and apartments all around the world. His apartment wouldn't be appropriate as his house gave them more privacy.

He saw the pale flesh of her knee exposed. Moving his hand off his own, he cupped her knee. She jumped but didn't push him away.

"We've known each other for some time, Heather. You don't need to be jumpy around me."

"I'll try to remember that."

The drive lasted about thirty minutes, and then he was pulling into his drive. The lights were off inside his house, the night air chilly as he parked the car. He got out and went to help Heather out.

She shivered at the cold. He moved towards his door, unlocked it, and escorted her inside.

"I'll put the heating on. You'll be warm within no time."

"I didn't pack anything," she said.

"What?"

"I didn't go home and pack some clothes."

"I'll drop you off at home while you change. I didn't want to risk you going home and being warned against me by your friends."

She nodded her head.

"Are you hungry? I know I am."

"Yes."

"Then follow me."

He took her through to his kitchen, switching on lights as he did.

"I think a BLT is in order."

"You know what a BLT is?" she asked.

"Take a seat, little lady. I heard your friend order it. I knew I needed one as well, and I get to show off my cooking skills." He rolled his sleeves up his arms, then grabbed what he needed from the fridge. The grill was turned on to high with the bacon sizzling underneath as he began slicing tomatoes.

"I'm impressed already."

"Why?"

"I figured you'd have a person to make your tea and cook you dinner. A housekeeper or butler or something."

"I love my privacy too much. I have a couple of cleaners come in twice a week, but other than that, this place is all mine." He cut the bread off the loaf then began to assemble the BLT.

He felt her eyes on him, and he liked it. The attention she gave him made him crave more. What would she do if he took off his shirt? He smiled. There would be time for seduction later.

"Here you go. One BLT and a cold beer." He gave her a plate and a bottle.

"Thank you."

Julian took the seat next to her and took a bite out of his sandwich. It was perfect.

"Wow, you can cook well."

"What about you? Do you have kitchen skills?"

"Yes, I'm the best of my friends, so they come to me for food. We also go to Wade's regularly."

"I like his place. He's got style."

She nodded in agreement taking a bite out of her food. He watched her eat, appreciating her appreciation of food. If he'd cooked a BLT for his other women they'd have given him such a talking to. They'd complain about their size and how he didn't have a clue what a woman had to do or sacrifice to be a size zero.

"This is brilliant. It has been too long since I had one of these. I can't wait to see what else you can cook."

He chuckled. She stood with him as he cleaned away their dishes. "Would you like a tour of the house?" he asked.

"I'd love a tour."

Julian grabbed another two beers from the fridge, then took her arm as he led her 'round the house. He showed her his office and library. She asked about the pictures on his walls.

"They're my family. I couldn't part with them," he said.

"Where are your family?" she asked.

"Around. We don't talk much. These are family photos from a different time." He looked at a picture of his sister. She was married with three children. She was younger than he. His younger brother was also married.

"Did you always have money?" she asked.

"Yes, we've just got more now than before. I'm the oldest, and they don't appreciate my lifestyle," he said.

"Why?"

"My sister and brother are both younger than I am, and they're both married with children. They want me to settle down. They're tired of seeing my playboy ways." He smiled thinking about the last argument he had with his father and the topic of responsibility. It was his responsibility as the oldest son to marry and have children. He needed to have an heir to pass on the family business.

"What do you want?" she asked.

"Huh?"

"You've told me what your family expect, and I guess what the world wants from you, but what do you want?"

No one had ever asked him that. He stood looking at his family pictures wondering what he wanted.

"I don't have a clue," he said, honestly.

"Then maybe you need to know what you want before trying to do what everyone else is wanting from you."

He glanced up at the latest pictures his sister had sent. Did he even want a family?

"Come on, I'll show you the rest of the house." He took her up to the bedrooms. She smiled when he showed her the master bedroom.

"Is this the end of the tour?" she asked.

"Not a chance. There is another place I want us to go." He took her hand leading her down the stairs and towards the back of the house.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked.

"I'm taking you here." Julian switched on a light. She stared at a beautiful indoor swimming pool. Green potted plants decorated the far corners, and sun lounges lay by the side of the pool. The room looked similar to the type of displays you'd see in glossy magazines advertising getaways for spas.

"Wow, this is yours?" She pulled away from him to walk around the area of the pool.

"This is one of the facilities I had rebuilt when I took on the house."

"Took on?"

"The house has been part of my family for generations, but my family didn't like it. They felt it came with too much baggage and left it to go to ruin," he said.

"So you took it on and brought it back to being liveable?"

"Pretty much. I had help from a designer and architect who helped me with the layout and plans. Most of this was my idea. I like this room. Actually, I love this room. It's a place I can come and feel away from the world."

"Your own personal vacation spot."

"Yes."

"I get it. There are times you want to leave the whole world behind but not have the holiday plans to go with it. You've built something special in this room."

Julian watched her walk round his safe haven. He'd never allowed another woman to come to this house. They wanted to be in the city close enough to shop. Heather wasn't like them. He found her a refreshing change.

"Would you like to go for a swim?" he asked as she came back round to him.

"I didn't bring a costume."

"You don't need one. Everything is secure. No one can see in. You'll be safe with me." Julian began unbuttoning his shirt to show her what he meant.

"You're getting naked." She glanced at the pool then at him. "You want us to go swimming naked."

"Heather, baby, we f**ked on my desk. Getting na**d together in a pool is nothing." He removed his shirt, smiling when he saw her gaze go to his chest before moving back up again.

"This isn't fair. I've got marks where my bra has been, and I'm dirty from a day at work."

"So." Julian moved closer to her. "I want to go for a swim, and I want you naked. I should warn you, Heather, I always get what I want." He pulled her blouse out of her skirt and began loosening the buttons. With each button undone he saw more and more of her delicious flesh. She wore a cream lace bra.

"If you're getting me na**d then you're going naked, too." Heather took command of his clothes. His belt was yanked and the zipper tugged as she pulled his pants down. They fought with the remains of their clothes until both of them stood na**d before each other. Her tits heaved with each of her indrawn breaths. Her tummy quivered. His c**k thickened at the sight of her. She was all curves with nothing false about her. The budding of her ni**les were natural including the size and weight. There was no cosmetic surgery on her.

"What do you want to do now?" she asked.

He caught her against him with a hand under her knee while the other supported her back.

Heather yelped. "Put me down. I'm too big. You're going to drop me." She clawed at his neck while he walked to the edge of the pool. Julian couldn't help but laugh. She was bigger than the women he was used to, but he liked the feel of her in his arms.

"We're going for a swim." Her eyes widened as he grinned down at her.

"Don't do it, Julian. Put me doooo...." She didn't get to finish as he threw her into the pool diving in after her.

She broke the surface gasping for breath.

"Why did you do that?" she asked.

"I thought it would be fun." He swam next to her, catching her h*ps with his hands. "You look gorgeous naked, and I got to see your tits bounce as I dropped you in the water."

"Is that all you can think about? Tits, bouncing?" she asked. There was anger in her voice.

Julian caught her hand pressing it to his growing length. "I'm a guy who appreciates a woman's physique. Sue me."

"Maybe I will."

"Are you wet for me?" he asked. She backed away from him up against the side of the pool.

"How would I know? We're in a pool, genius." She spread her arms. He liked her openness. He knew she felt covered by the water even as he saw all of her body clearly.

Closing the last little bit of distance between them, Julian placed his hands on either side of her head. "There is a difference in the feel of water and cum," he said. Her ni**les were hard. He pressed his body against hers, his c**k resting against the curve of her tummy. "Do you want me to show you?"

****

He was weaving a spell over her. That could be the only way to explain what was happening to her. The closer he got the stronger the pull inside her to be his became. His c**k felt hard where it lay near her belly. His body was flush against hers, the hardness of her body a contrast to her. She knew she was a softer woman, full with way too many curves.

Her pu**y was wet. She knew it because of the tingles she was getting between her thighs. The smallest touch would set her off. Heather was here to explore her desires with the man who owned her heart. Julian might not know her feelings, but she wouldn't waste another moment without knowing what being with him really felt like.

"Show me," she said. She wrapped her arms around his neck refusing to get away.

"I'm always happy to oblige a woman." One of his hands disappeared beneath the water. In the next second she felt his hands on her pu**y. His fingers opened her slit. A moan broke through her lips as he grazed her swollen clit. She'd wanted him since the morning when he had gotten her all hot and horny.

"You're wet."

"Your fault." She slipped a hand down to grab his cock. "You're hard for me, too, boss man."

"I like that. I'm your boss, so you'd better do as I tell you."

Her heart sped up, and her pu**y wept from his words. She liked the thought of doing what he said. She liked it too damn much.

"So, in order for me to please my boss, what do I have to do?" she asked. Heather moved her hand from the base of his c**k to the tip. She couldn't tell if he was leaking pr**cum. She fisted the length feeling him swell further in her hand.

"By following my rules." He slammed his lips down on hers, taking her in a mind-blowing kiss. She moaned but submitted to the assault on her lips. He pressed his tongue against her, demanding access. She opened for him, tilting her head back as he plunged inside.

"You taste so f**king sweet," he said with a groan to his voice.

"What rules?"

"You do exactly as I say." He grabbed her h*ps lifting her up out of the water onto the side of the pool. He followed her up.

Julian laid her down next to the edge of the pool. He gazed down at her body.

"Open your legs," he said.

She did what he said without question.

"That is one of my rules. When I tell you to do something, you do it."

"Kinky," she said with a smile.

"The truth."

"You just like getting your own way. That's not a rule."

"True, but you opened your legs."

She cried out as he pressed a finger inside her pu**y.

"When you come I want to hear you scream my name. That is a rule." His thumb touched her cl*t setting a fire between her thighs.

"Yes, I'll do it." She moaned as he flicked her cl*t adding a second finger into her core.

Julian sucked on her nipple. His teeth biting down making her groan as the pain went straight to her clit. She melted under the pain and pleasure of what he was doing. There was no distinction between the two. They were combined together making her burn harder than ever before.

"Do you like that, baby?" he asked.

Heather nodded her head unable to form words. He was wreaking havoc with her body, and she didn't care. All she wanted was for him to continue.

He nibbled and kissed the way down her body. She leaned up watching him settle between her thighs.

"You have such a pretty pu**y, Heather. I need to taste you." He kept his fingers inside her cunt while his tongue replaced his thumb.

She lay back down as his tongue felt hot against her clit. Her pants and the sounds of him licking her pu**y were all that she could hear. His fingers left her pu**y opening her thighs wider. He placed her legs over his shoulder as he feasted between her thighs.

His tongue glided down to the entrance of her pu**y. He f**ked her with his tongue, two strokes before moving up to flick her clit. She moaned. He grabbed her ass rubbing her against his tongue. She cried out. With each stroke of his tongue the closer she was building to her release. She pushed up on his tongue. His fingers went to the entrance of her cunt as his other hand went near her anus. She gasped trying to pull away from his hand.

"Trust me, baby. Relax. That is rule three. Always trust me," he mumbled against her pu**y lips.

Heather hesitated a few times before relaxing against him. He pressed against the tight ring of her muscles but didn't penetrate her. Her cl**ax started to climb once more. Her attention on what his tongue was doing to her clit.

She felt on edge. Her tummy was in knots. He pressed a third finger inside her pu**y, sawing the digits inside her.

His teeth bit down on her cl*t with enough pressure to cause pain but oh so much pleasure. She came apart with a scream. Her body was thrown into an earth-shattering orgasm.

He f**ked her with his fingers as she pressed up to meet him with every thrust. Her body shuddered as the climb of her release began to subside.

She lay on the floor next to the pool completely sated. Julian moved up, and she looked at his cock. He was still hard.

Heather lay back with a contented smile on her lips.

"You taste amazing," he said. He kissed her lips, making her taste her own essence.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome."

He lay next to her. She stared at the ceiling wondering if she could do what she wanted. Staring at him she gazed to where his c**k stood straight up and proud.

Heather leaned up, turning towards him.

"Where are you going?" he asked.

"My turn."

Chapter Nine

Julian lay back as Heather straddled his hips, her pu**y over the length of his cock. He felt the wetness of her release coat his cock. She grinned down at him. The intent on her face was clear. She kissed him, biting his lower lip.

"I'm all yours, baby," he said.

"Then lie back and enjoy, baby."

He smiled, watching and feeling her work her way down his body. She stopped at his ni**les, lathering them with her tongue and nibbling the tips. He moaned enjoying the way her hair, wet from the pool water, slid along his body. With each touch of her lips and glide of her hair, he knew she was getting closer to his cock. The anticipation of feeling her lips wrapped around his shaft was killing him.

The sounds coming from her were addictive. She was down to his stomach, her tongue curving round his muscles in a smooth action. He watched as she moved between his legs. Her lips were inches away from the tip of his cock. His foreskin eased back exposing the slit of his cock. A jewel of pr**cum leaked out of the top. Her tongue licked the pr**cum from his slit. He groaned from the pleasure of her touch. Her hands stayed on his legs. Only her lips and tongue were on his shaft. She toyed with the tip, first with her tongue then with her mouth. She teased the vein up and down his shaft.

"Touch me, Heather. Put your f**king hands on my dick." He let out a growl as her hands wrapped around his length pumping from root to tip. She sucked him inside the heat of her. When he hit the back of her throat she came up not taking anymore.

She sucked him in. Her cheeks went in from the suction of her mouth. He watched his length disappear into her mouth to slide out wet from her saliva. He pumped his h*ps trying to get deeper into her mouth, but she stopped him with both hands wrapped around his length.

His frustrating was growing with every time she denied him. It wasn't fair. He needed to be inside her. The torment was killing him.

She pulled up, his c**k falling out of her mouth with a "plop" sound.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

Her lips were swollen and her face flushed. Julian knew she was turned on from sucking his cock. "I need more. Please, suck my dick."

"Is that rule four?"

"Yes," he growled.

She giggled then took more of him to the back of her throat, but she didn't stop. Her muscles relaxed, and he felt her deep-throat him. The action made him moan as his balls tightened. She came up following with her hand then went back down, her fingers working the base of his c**k as she took him deep.

He wanted to watch every action. The pleasure was too intense. He lay down as his release built. His balls tightened. Julian cupped her head. His hands fisted in her hair. His c**k thickened, and the first wave of cum shot into her mouth. Julian heard her moans, and he tried to pull away to stop himself spilling in her mouth. She sucked him in. He looked down at her watching her throat swallowing his seed, his cum sliding down her throat. He moaned, the pleasure more than anything he'd ever felt.

When he was flaccid and spent she let him go. She wiped her mouth staring up at him.

He opened his arms for her to lie down next to him. She went to him without arguing. He was spent for the time being. His c**k was satisfied from the pleasure of her mouth. She snuggled by his side, their hands interlocking on his chest.

"That was amazing," he said.

"You're welcome."

Julian smiled, content for the first time with his life.

"It is so peaceful here," she said.

"I know. I'm glad I shared it with you."

She snorted. "I bet you say that to all the women."

"No, just you." He turned to her. He wanted her to know that she was different. Julian didn't see her in the same light as he did the other women. "You're different, Heather. You shouldn't ever forget how special you are."

"I'm sleeping with my boss," she said, her gaze going past his shoulder to the water of the pool. He let go of her hand, capturing her face and forcing her to look at him.

"No, you're not." He kissed her lips. For the first time he didn't care about her going down on him or about the taste of his se**n on her lips. "You're sleeping with Julian the man. I'm not your boss in these moments, and I'm not Julian Goff the businessman."

"You're just Julian," she said.

"Yes."

"Then I'm only Heather."

He nodded his head. "Hello, Heather. Nice to meet you. I'm Julian."

She laughed. "Nice to meet you, Julian."

He kissed her, his c**k stirring to life when she pressed against the length of his body.

"However, you still have to do as you're told," he said.

"You're the boss in the bedroom."

"And the boardroom."

She smiled, which brightened up her face.

Julian stood leading her out of the pool and up to his bedroom. She held his hand while he took the lead. He dimmed the light in his room, pulling her close. Her body moulded to his like she was always supposed to be near him.

"I'm going to love every inch of your body," he said, laying a kiss to her shoulder.

"That is a lot of inches for you to learn."

He slapped her ass making her yelp in pain.

"What was that for?"

"I don't like you being negative about your body."

"It has been my body for the past twenty-five years, and I can say what I like," she said.

Julian rubbed her ass, soothing out the burn. "From this day forward your body is mine, and I want you to worship it the way I want you to."

She pulled back, looking at him. "I don't know if I can do that."

"Consider it one of my rules. You do what I want you to do, and you'll be rewarded with so much pleasure."

"And if I don't?"

"Then there are more spanks to come for you, baby."

Heather nodded her head, her arms wrapping around his neck. "I'm all yours," she whispered against his ear. He held her close, his c**k rock hard at her nearness. Her br**sts rubbed against his chest.

Julian moved her backwards, each step taking her closer to the edge of the bed. He got to the edge, then pushed her back until she lay down.

He followed her onto the centre of the bed. His sheets outlined her pale beauty perfectly. She licked her lips, the action showing her nerves. He stroked her ankles, skimming her flesh up to her knee then back down again.

His eyes never left hers. With each movement of his fingers, he went farther up her thighs until he touched her mound.

Her slit was creamy from her release, and her cl*t peeked out of its hood as he began to play with her pu**y.

"I'm addicted to your pu**y," he said.

"Lucky me."

He chuckled then leaned over to grab his condom from the dresser by the side of his bed. Julian gave her the foil packet. "Put it on me."

"Yes, sir," she said.

She tore open the packet, and she held the tip of the latex and slowly rolled it over his aching erection. He wanted to f**k her bare but knew he couldn't. The time on his desk had been a risk he wasn't willing to take again. He pushed her down on the bed, kissing her lips.

"I'm going to f**k you."

Her eyes dilated, and she gasped. He reached between them, grabbing his c**k in his fist to align it to her entrance. The latex obstructed some of the sensations, but he felt the heat of her cunt swallowing him up.

Julian captured her hands by the side of her head. He stared into her eyes, then with the thrust of his h*ps seated himself deep inside her body. She moaned thrusting up to meet him.

"Can you feel me inside you?" he asked.

"Yes."

He kissed her lips holding himself seated to the hilt inside her. She whimpered, kissing him back. He wished he didn't have to wear the condom. Without the condom he'd feel every ripple and pulse of her pu**y as she orgasmed.

Ever so slowly, to make the sensations last, he pulled out of her. Julian wouldn't break eye contact. He wanted to watch her come apart as he f**ked her.

Julian eased back in feeling her pu**y pull him inside her. She moaned, her fingers tightening around his hands.

"I'm deep inside you," he said.

"I can feel you."

Most of his times with women were spent in a big, long lovemaking session where he gave them pleasure, and then their separation would be quick. He didn't like to spend the time on the after-care of sex. He released one of her hands to run his own down the length of her body. He cupped her hip then down her thigh, feeling the strength inside her body. There were no bones for him to feel. He wasn't afraid of breaking her body.

She held him close without fear. Julian sat inside her, and for the first time in his life he felt at home. He felt free.

He lifted her thigh over his hip and plunged inside her in a quick, deep thrust. A groan escaped him. He rested his head in the crook of her neck as he slammed inside her. She met him with each thrust.

One of their hands connected while the other held each other close.

****

He was so big inside her. Heather had never felt anything like him. The heat, length, and width made her beg for more. His kisses set her on fire where he touched. The pleasure from his hands made her burn harder. There was no part of her left untouched. He swamped her with his size and presence.

He cupped her face, pushing her hair out of the way. She moaned, pushing up to meet him with each thrust of his cock.

"Your turn," he said.

Julian rolled them over until she lay on top of him. From the angle of her sitting on his length, he felt deeper still. She was full to the brim of Julian Goff's hard cock. Heather pushed her damp hair out of the way. He cupped her hips. The flesh of her belly made her self-conscious.

"Don't change who you are. You're amazing," he said. She tried to suck her tummy in but failed when he pushed his c**k deep inside her.

She cried out, her hands resting on his chest.

"That's it, baby. Ride me. I want to see you lose control."

"I like you on top," she said with a moan.

"Too bad. I'm the boss and in control." He reached round behind her slapping her ass. She yelped, glaring at him. Then Heather smiled at him and squeezed her pu**y.

He growled, his fingers sinking into the flesh of her h*ps as he pulled her down, grinding their pelvises together.

Heather threw her head back on a gasp.

"I love your tits. They're so full and bounce with every thrust of my cock." He pushed his h*ps up. She saw him staring at her chest, the bounce of her br**sts capturing his attention.

She rode his c**k feeling him slide in and out of her body.

"So f**king beautiful."

He touched her clit. She gasped, staring down at him.

"I want to see you lose control." He fingered her pu**y. "Lick my fingers." Julian pressed two fingers to her lips waiting for her to suck him into her mouth.

She licked his lips, moaning from the taste of her own cunt on his fingers. He pressed them to her slit, fingering her clit.

The smallest bit of pressure made her gasp, losing control of the rhythm she set up.

"That's it, baby. Let me feel you come."

She shook her head trying to hold back her release. Julian was too talented. With four strokes of his fingers she was coming apart on top of him, her cl**ax running through every vein and sensory receptor throughout her whole body.

Her screams echoed off the walls. She clawed at his chest trying to find anything to hold onto.

She was falling. Opening her eyes she saw Julian on top. He had both of her legs over his shoulders while he pounded inside her pu**y.

The grip on her h*ps would leave bruises, she was sure of it. The pleasure was more intense than anything she'd felt.

"I'm going to come," he said.

Heather gripped the rails at the top of the bed. She held on as he slammed inside her, pushing her to the limit. The pleasure bordered on pain from the press of his c**k against her cervix.

Julian thrust one final time inside her, the veins inside his neck popping out in clear view from the strain inside him. His c**k throbbed inside her.

His seed pulsed inside the condom he wore, and the grip on her h*ps tightened even further with his cl**ax.

Seconds later he collapsed on top of her. She held him close while the earth came into focus. He was heavy on top of her. She didn't want him to move. She liked the feel of his weight on her.

For so long she'd dreamt about and imagined what it would be like to be with him in this way. The reality was so much better than all of her fantasies combined.

He shifted his weight off her. She gazed up into his eyes. What should she say?

Words failed her. Instead, she smiled at him.

"I'm going to get rid of the condom and take a quick shower. I'll be back in a second." He cupped her cheek.

"Is it all right if I go downstairs and get my phone?" she asked.

"Why do you want your phone?"

"To let my friends know I got here safely and you haven't axe-murdered me in your home."

Julian chuckled. "No problem. Be back soon." He pulled out of her body making her wince. Before he left, he laid a kiss to her pu**y.

She smiled. Her cunt ached in the most delightful of ways. Heather watched him walk into the bathroom. She grabbed a robe then ran down the stairs to where her bag was by the front door.

Rummaging through her bag she saw seven missed calls, from all of her friends. She dialled Connie in the hope she'd be less judgmental.

"Thank God. Do you have any idea how worried we all were?" Connie asked. There was some commotion on the line, and then Ashley and Amber were complaining at her.

"I'm sorry, guys," she said, cutting into their rants. "We got here, and he gave me a tour of the house. It really is amazing."

"You could be dead right now. We always said we'd keep in touch when going to a guy's house. You didn't stick to our promise." Amber kept complaining.

"Look, I'm sorry. I made a mistake. I'm fine, and everything is fine. It's Julian Goff, and he's no axe murderer. I'm fine."

There was silence on the other end. She could almost see the glares shooting at the phone.

"Fine. Next time when you go home with a strange guy that we all haven't met and you're axe-murdered, don't come blaming me," Connie said.

"No problem."

"So, the friend arguing is complete. Tell us the gory details. Does he have a hairy back? Does he have a big cock?" Ashley asked.

More mutters and the sound of a slap came over the phone.

"I'm not giving you too many details. Let's just say he knows what to do with himself. He's forty years old, and he knows how to make a woman scream." She smiled remembering the way he worked her body.

There was a mirror by the drawer unit, and she gazed at her reflection. Her lips were swollen, and red marks covered her neck and chest. She opened the robe, exposing her body to the mirror. Her tits were red, the ni**les swollen. She was a woman who looked well f**ked.

"It was perfect," she said.

Julian appeared behind her, his arms covering hers where she held the front of the robe open. He removed the robe in one quick movement.

"That's better," he said.

"Is that him?" Ashley asked. Heather gave a hum of conformation and approval. "He sounds f**king hot."

He nibbled her neck cupping her br**sts in his hands. She closed her eyes enjoying the feel of him pulling her away from the mirror and leading her back upstairs.

"Can I have this?" he asked. He took the phone from her fingers. His other hand tweaked her ni**les between a finger and thumb. They were on the stairs on the way back up to his bedroom. "I know this is Heather's friends. I'm about to take her and f**k her silly. She'll call you in the morning, and she's perfectly safe with me." He pressed the phone to her ear. "Say goodnight."

"Goodnight."

"Wait, he's so f**king hot. You're a lucky woman." The phone cut out on whatever Ashley was going to say.

He lifted her in his arms. "I want you again, Heather."

She shivered but held on as he took her to his bedroom.

Heather had no idea what the future held. All she knew was being with Julian was the best thing to happen to her.

Chapter Ten

The following morning Julian woke her at six in the morning. Heather pushed him away not wanting to be disturbed from her glorious dream.

"It's time to get up, sleepy-head," he said.

She turned away shaking her head. "No, I don't."

"I don't mind walking into work with you in the same clothes you had on yesterday, but you promised me to not let them know you're sleeping with the boss." He pulled some hair off her shoulder, exposing her neck, and then began kissing the tender flesh. She melted under his touch, her body turning to jelly in a matter of seconds.

"As the boss you could always give me the day off and take a day yourself," she said.

"Business comes first, baby." He yanked the cover off her. The cold air hit her na**d skin making her gasp.

"This isn't fair."

He slapped her ass which caused her to yelp.

"Will you stop spanking my ass?" she asked, shooting a glare at him.

"It's such a spankable ass." Julian spanked her ass a second time. She jumped up out of bed, her ass stinging from his slaps. For the first time she wasn't feeling self-conscious about her weight.

"Well, I got you out of bed."

"Yeah, and I'm not in a good mood." She folded her arms under her br**sts, her entire body tense.

He walked up to her. She didn't like the way his eyes were on her. He looked like a predator about to pounce on his prey.

"I can change your mood."

"No, you can't. Strong coffee and more sleep can change my mood." She glanced away from him for a split second, and that was all it took for him to take her. He wrapped her up in his arms, swinging her around on the bed. Heather squealed, shocked, then giggled as he tickled her.

She fought him, trying to get away from his touch.

"Stop," she screamed.

Julian wouldn't let up. She decided to fight fire with fire. Heather turned on him, her hands going to his ticklish spots. They moved from the bed around the room, chasing each other. They were fighting and laughing for what felt like ages. He pushed her against the wall with her hands behind her head. She was trapped with her back next to the wall and Julian pressed against her front. His c**k thrust next to her belly. She felt the cum leaking out of the tip smear on her tummy.

"I want you again." He bit her nipple, his teeth sinking into the flesh making her gasp.

"Take me, Julian. Please." She begged him. Her pu**y was on fire. She needed him inside her.

He cupped her ass lifting her up in his arms. She'd never had sex against the wall. The men she'd been with hadn't the strength to lift her. Julian didn't appear to struggle at all. The strength inside his powerful arms made her pu**y weep. He was strong, sexy, and wanted her.

She watched as he aligned his c**k to her pu**y and then slammed inside her in one smooth thrust. They both groaned, the sounds echoing off the wall of his bedroom.

"So f**king tight." Julian pulled out only to f**k back inside her. His strokes were rough, hard and relentless. She clawed at his back trying to hold on. His c**k stroked every inch of her pu**y demanding to go deeper within her.

She bit her lip to try to contain her sob of pleasure. It was too much. It wasn't enough. His fingers dug into her ass while his teeth sank into the flesh at her neck. She knew his marks would be all over her body. Her h*ps were already bruised from his loving the night before. The finger marks would constantly remind her of the hardness inside Julian.

"I'm close," he growled against her neck. "I want to feel you come around my dick. I want to remember this for the rest of the day." His hands went to her hips. He moved back a step to change the angle of her hips. His c**k bumped her cervix. The pleasurable pain he created had her shooting towards orgasm. She was standing at the edge, and all she needed was a little to push to send her over the precipice.

She growled in frustration at being denied her release.

"Come for me," he demanded. He pumped his h*ps pushing his c**k further against the cervix. She felt the tip rubbing against her so deep she didn't know where he began and she ended.

"I can't. I need more." She moaned with frustration. The pleasure was too much. She needed him to send her over the edge or stop. Heather didn't want him to stop. She wanted to come, badly.

"Play with your clit."

"I can't."

"Please, Heather, baby. Play with yourself. Let me feel you come." She opened her eyes to stare at him.

Sliding her hand between them she grazed her swollen cl*t with her fingers. She was sensitive.

"That's it, baby. Play with your clit. Let me feel you come apart. That's a good girl." Sweat dripped off their bodies, the cool air forgotten with the need to f**k.

"You're close. I can feel each ripple of your cunt around me. I'm going to spunk inside you. I want to feel your cum around my cock. You're so wet and juicy. Come for me, baby." His words helped her take the next leap. She came apart in his arms, her fingers caught between her body and his. He plunged inside her repeatedly, the extra sensation of his c**k sending her orgasm into a new universe of sensation.

Her screams filled the air, followed by his growl of release. She felt the kick of his c**k inside her. His cum shot inside her. She'd never felt anything like it before. His cum filled her pu**y up.

They both came down.

Then she remembered they'd forgotten a condom for the second time. What should she say to him? She didn't want to spoil the moment.

"We need to get showered. You can wear some of my clothes," he said, kissing her shoulder.

She nodded her head, disappointed with how quickly he gained composure.

"Hey, I'm protecting your reputation at work. I would never want our relationship to get in the way," he said, cupping her face with his palm.

"How do you know what I'm thinking?"

"Your eyes. They're expressive, and I know exactly what you're thinking. I want to spend the rest of the day here with you, but I can't."

Heather smiled at him then followed behind him into the shower. His se**n dripped down the inside of her leg. She felt torn. Should she tell him she wasn't on the pill? He began to wash her body, and all thoughts of condoms, or lack of, left her mind.

****

Julian dropped her off at home. She wore one of his white shirts and running pants. They swamped her figure, but he couldn't help but admire her. She looked damned hot in anything she wore.

Before she left the car he requested she wear a thong with a skirt. She'd shot him a look of annoyance. He expected her to argue with him. Instead, she nodded her head then got out of the car.

He couldn't recall a time when Wednesday mornings were so much fun. The middle of the week was usually a bore to him. Heather kept everything fresh. He chuckled, thinking of the way she'd turned on him, tickling him back. It had been so long since someone fought him back. He liked it. Other women would have lain there pouting at him. Most of the women he dated were cold on the outside as well as on the inside.

Heather is different, and you're going to break her.

Julian shook off his negative thoughts determined to see the positive. He got to work before all of his non security employees. The security team working at the front desk gave him a nod of acknowledgement. He went straight up to his office.

Opening the blinds he allowed the morning sunshine to penetrate the office. He closed the blinds out to the office and left his door open for him to see Heather.

Firing up the computer, he answered the most important emails first. In no time at all, he was too involved in his work. He didn't see his employees arriving or Heather.

She came in with the scent of coffee with her. His cup was placed in front of him dragging him out of the emails. He caught her wrist before she got chance to escape. She wore a light designer scarf around her neck.

"Why are you wearing that?" he asked. She fingered the scarf.

"You weren't gentle." Heather looked out the door before untying the scarf. He saw one side of her neck had his love bite. Julian recalled sucking on her neck that morning but didn't think of the consequences. His c**k thickened with approval.

"I wonder if I could cover your body with my love bites," he said. Her ni**les hardened.

"This isn't fair, Julian. How can I concentrate?"

He checked to make sure they weren't being observed through the door. "Feel for yourself. How can I concentrate?" He placed her hand over his thick cock. "Are you wet for me?"

She nodded her head.

"Can I feel?"

"What?" He pulled her close so her back was to his desk and the door. Julian kept an eye on the door then pushed his hand under her skirt. Her ass cheeks were exposed. She'd worn the thong he asked. He smiled before moving the lace out of the way and sinking two fingers inside her hot cunt. She gripped him. A sigh escaped her as he pumped his fingers into her body.

"You're lovely and wet."

"Julian, this isn't fair."

"Come to me at lunchtime when everyone leaves." He instructed her then removed his hand from under her skirt. His fingers glistened from her cum. Julian sucked them into his mouth. He moaned from her musky taste. "At lunchtime when everyone leaves."

She left him. Her face was flushed, her h*ps swaying with each step. He smiled. Heather was turning into a more pleasant distraction than he could ever have imagined.

For the rest of the morning he spent a great deal of time gazing at the clock. The hands wouldn't move fast enough for him. Her voice kept reaching him inside his office. His c**k didn't go down. He left to go to his personal bathroom in his office.

He locked the door and stared at his mirror. His personal bathroom was the one part he'd demanded inside the design of his office. Julian opened a drawer where he kept many useful things. He grabbed the tube of lube then went back to his desk. Another hour and Heather would be all his.

The lube went into his top drawer. He lifted the phone and finished off some business. With himself distracted the time went by quickly. Heather appeared at his door.

"Come in and lock the door," he said.

"I thought we weren't going to do anything in the office?" She closed then locked the door.

"Come here. We're not doing anything while others are in the office. Most of them have left for lunch. The building shuts down for an hour, and I've got you all to myself."

She walked round the desk to him. He pushed his chair back giving her room.

"Sit on my desk."

"You're giving a lot of demands."

"I'm the boss, and you're on my time. I'm in charge."

"When will I get to be in charge?" she asked.

"Not when I'm in charge." He lifted her onto his desk. "First I want to see that pu**y I've been thinking about all morning."

Her skirt went to her waist, and then he opened her legs. He pushed her thong to the end of her pu**y and gazed at her juicy slit. She was wet, her cl*t swollen and her cunt begging for his cock. Her scent permeated the air.

"Look at that pretty pu**y. You're so wet. I'm hungry, Heather. I need to have a taste." He leaned in and swiped his tongue from her entrance up to her clit.

She whimpered. He took her legs in his hand and rested them on his thighs. Julian tasted her musky cum, her taste gliding down his tongue as he licked her clit. She was addictive to his obsessive personality.

"You're so damn tasty." He pressed three fingers into her tight cunt watching as she expanded around him. His c**k kicked inside his pants letting him know how much he wanted to sink into her.

"That's it, baby, feel me inside you. Do you want my cock?" he asked.

"I want your cock." She broke off on a moan.

Julian licked her pu**y one final time then stood up. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his length. Desire along with lust was urging him on. He lifted her off his desk then turned her so her tummy was pressed over the desk. Julian arranged her skirt up around her waist. Her pale ass was exposed for him, the thin piece of her thong visible between her ass cheeks. He moved the thong out of the way, and the puckered hole of her ass was visible to him. For several seconds he admired her ass and knew he'd claim that hole for himself.

Taking hold of his length, he ran the tip of his dick against her cl*t then down to her cunt. He pushed the head inside her feeling her wet heat surround him.

He held her h*ps then pressed all of his length into her cunt. She moaned.

"No one can hear us." Julian covered her mouth with one of his hands. "But you're going to have to keep your voice down."

She nodded her head. When he was satisfied he released her mouth. He pulled out of her body seeing his c**k glide out of her body. Julian registered he wasn't wearing a condom, but he couldn't bring himself to pull out of her heat to wear a condom. He knew he was being a complete bastard, but the feel of her snug heat felt so good. Julian knew he could become addicted to her cunt wrapped around his cock. The condom would take so much away from the sensation of the moment.

He sank inside her watching his c**k disappear into her body. He wished there was a mirror so he could watch her tits.

Her puckered ass called to him. Julian reached into the desk for the lube he'd gotten from his bathroom.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Preparing you, baby."

Opening the tube with his teeth he squirted a good dollop onto his fingers. He placed the tube on the chair behind him.

He slammed inside her twice then placed his lubricated fingers to her anus. She tensed, but he pushed his c**k inside her making her moan. The sound broke off by her own hand.

"Trust me, baby." He eased one finger inside her tight ass**le. "You've never had a man inside this tight little ass. I'm going to f**k this ass soon. You're going to take my cock."

The first finger went to the knuckle, and then he began working in a second finger. She tightened around him. After a few minutes she took a breath and let him inside.

"That's right. I'm f**king your cunt and your ass."

She cried out as he pounded her pu**y and kept up the rhythm of his fingers inside her ass. Julian knew she'd be passionate. He couldn't wait to explore everything with her. His balls tightened, and he knew she was close. Her pu**y and ass were tightening around him.

"That's it. Come for me, baby."

Heather gasped then buried her head against her arm as her cries echoed around his office. The sound was so low that only he could hear it. Her release milked his cock. Julian closed his eyes giving himself over to the pleasure of his orgasm. She orgasmed and sucked his cum inside her tight cunt.

When it was over he pulled out of her. His cum leaked out of her pu**y, the creamy strands coating the top part of her thigh.

"Come on." He led her to his bathroom. Julian kneeled before her and cleaned his release from her. Once she was thoroughly cleaned he replaced the thong, then wiped himself.

When they were both clean, they walked back into the office. Julian caught her hand, spun her round to face him. She gasped as he circled his hands around her body.

"Thank you," he said. He kissed her deeply making sure she knew he appreciated what she'd done.

She wrapped her arms around him.

"You're going to wear me out."

"We'll have some fun along the way."

They ate lunch together while going talking about business and mundane things.

"Have you ever gone away?" he asked.

"What?" She took a bite of her sandwich looking adorable with her after-fuck glow.

"You know. Taken a vacation? Spent some time abroad?"

"I've been away, but I've never gone far from home. We went to the beach. I've never left the country besides for work." She shrugged her shoulders.

"Is your passport still in date?"

"Yep."

"Are you planning something?" she asked. Her suspicion was obviously on full alert. Julian smiled but didn't answer.

Chapter Eleven

For the next few weeks Heather divided her time between work and spending time with Julian. He took every moment away from her. The strain on her relationship with her friends was starting to show. Elijah refused to leave her house until he knew she was safe. He didn't trust Julian. Her friends didn't approve of him. They didn't like the time he took. Heather felt torn. She knew putting Julian first wasn't good. Their time together would be so short though. She knew it would only be a matter of time before he got rid of her.

After placing her bag and coat down next to her desk she checked her phone to see what her text had been. "Are you spending time with him again? Connie."

Heather smiled. Connie refused to go to text talk. She spelt everything out. "Yes, I'm sorry. I love you."

The phone didn't go off again. She put it back in her bag feeling awful. If it was the other way around she'd be happy for her friends. Shrugging her shoulders she went to the coffee machine to make Julian his morning cup. Two women were standing chatting as she entered. Heather couldn't recall their names. She smiled at them then ignored them.

"I'm telling you the boss is seeing someone. Whoever she is, is good for him."

Heather felt better. Julian had been in a better mood since their affair.

"Hey, Heather. Do you know the woman screwing the boss?" one of the women asked.

"Don't have a clue. I'm thankful she's keeping him on a tight leash. He could be a pain in the butt." She poured the coffee into the cup raising it to them. "I better get this to the boss."

She left them pondering. Heather entered his office, and Julian put the phone down. He had a smile on his face.

"Here is your coffee, and people are talking," she said.

"Who are talking?"

"The women want to know who is keeping that smile on your face. They're impressed. Maybe the woman should ask for a raise?" She put his coffee down on his desk.

"You can get a raise every time."

"I'm happy with everything, Julian. I don't need or want anything else."

He stared at her a few seconds before nodding his head. "Good. What do you have planned this weekend?" he asked.

She thought about her friends but pushed them to the back of her mind. "Nothing, why?"

"Because I've booked us a weekend stay at one of the island resorts. Think palm trees, peace and quiet, with just you and me. It will be fun," he said.

"What?"

"I want you to go away with me. I've booked a little resort for us to stay. We'll have sea, sand, and lots of sex to keep us company."

"But it's the winter," Heather said, glancing out of his office window. "Well, it's the fall, but why would you want to leave?"

He caught her hand. She stared out at the door to make sure no one saw them. "Aren't you fed up with this crap? Every time I touch you, you check to see who's watching. I want you all to myself for several days away from your friends and everything."

She knew what he meant. The stress of keeping from getting caught was exhausting. She wanted to go with him.

"Yes, I'll go with you."

"We'll leave Friday afternoon and come back Sunday. Be packed and ready."

"That's tomorrow."

"I know. Time flies when you're having fun." He kissed her knuckles then went back to work.

Heather left him to do her own work. She phoned her friends around lunch time. They didn't encourage or say anything else. She sensed their withdrawal.

She licked her lips and finished her work. The day was filled with phone calls and messages along with so much more. She didn't have the time to think about everything that was happening. When it was time to leave for the day she said goodbye to Julian. It was the first time since their affair began that she was going home for the night.

"I'll pick your suitcases up tomorrow morning and store them in my car," he said.

"Okay. See you tomorrow."

"We'll have fun, Heather. I promise."

She nodded her head. What else could she say?

Closing his door she made her way out of the building and walked the distance to her house. The lights were on letting her know Elijah was already home. She let herself in.

Heather walked into her sitting room to see Elijah and her three friends sharing a pizza and talking. Their conversation ceased the moment she walked in.

"Are you staying or going again?" Elijah asked.

It had been a long time since she had seen her friends. Staring at them now made tears spring to her eyes.

"I'm staying for tonight. I've got a suitcase to pack. He's taking me away this weekend."

The disappointment was clear on all of their faces.

"Please, don't judge."

"Look at yourself, Heather. You're not around anymore. He's changing you, and it's changing us," Ashley said.

"You said yourself, he doesn't treat a woman great," Amber said.

"I know this, okay." Heather gazed at Connie. "Do you want to say your piece as well? You might as well."

Connie shook her head. "I can see the pain you're in. I guess it's hard on you. I can see it."

Heather licked her lips, the tears spilling down her cheeks. "I know I'm breaking the guy code or whatever. I don't like the fact we're not seeing much of each other. What do you want me to do?" She opened her arms in frustration.

"You could tell him to leave you the f**k alone. You're giving him everything on a god-damn plate, Heather. Have you ever thought he's using you until his next model turns up?" Ashley asked.

She knew what her friends were saying was the truth. "I'm tired. I know I've not been the best friend. Please, let me do this. This is the first time in my whole life where I want a man and he wants me." She ran her fingers through her hair. "I'm not stupid. I know this isn't going to last. Please, let me do something that makes me happy."

"Does being a sex toy make you happy?" Elijah asked.

Heather turned on him. With his silence she'd forgotten he was there. "Excuse me?"

"It's clear you like being used. Julian is a player. He'll move on, and you'll be left stranded."

"I know you're my brother, but I suggest you shut your f**king trap or get the hell out of my house." She folded her arms over her chest. "I don't give a shit how important you are or what you do. Leave my life alone." She walked away ignoring them. Tomorrow she'd be going away with Julian, and she wouldn't think about the strain she was creating on her relationship with her friends.

****

On the drive home Julian missed Heather. She'd spent the better part of the last couple of weeks with him. He knew he should start looking for her replacement, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. In fact the thought of having another woman felt like a betrayal. They were good together. She made him laugh. The pleasure he gained from being inside her as well as talking with her couldn't be replaced. She was more than a woman who gave him sex.

He drove to his house on the outskirts of the city instead of his apartment for the night. When he got out of the car he noticed Elijah standing by his door waiting for him. His hair was tied at the back, and he wore a heavy jacket.

Julian got out of the car and locked it. "What's the matter?" he asked.

"I came to see you."

"Why?" Julian felt his guard go up. When the brother of the woman he was sleeping with showed up, he knew there was going to be trouble.

"You know she loves you, right?"

"Excuse me?" Julian's heart raced. The thought of Heather caring for him made him feel great, but the thought of her loving him filled him with dread.

"I know the relationship between Heather and me isn't the best, but I want to make one thing clear. She's my sister, and if you break her heart, I'll break you," Elijah said.

The other man closed the distance between them. Julian stared at Heather's brother and knew he was being serious. He liked that. Elijah would make sure she was safe.

"Heather knows the score. You won't do anything to be apart from her. You love her too much." Julian glanced behind him at his house.

"I mean it, Julian. I'll do anything for her. Doing time isn't a problem to me. She's my sister. Don't play with her."

"She knows the score, Elijah. She's a big girl. Let her live her life."

Elijah nodded his head. "Enjoy your weekend together, but remember what I said."

Julian watched the other man walk away. There had been no fear. Julian respected the man who cared for his family. He walked to his door and let himself inside. Her scent was everywhere.

Julian went to the kitchen to grab a beer. He didn't want to think about what had happened with her brother. When family got involved he cut and run. He wasn't ready to leave Heather.

Love.

He couldn't be in love with Heather. Love was such a fickle emotion. Julian grabbed food out of the refrigerator and fixed himself a sandwich. The thought of anything more left him feeling sick.

Heather was the loving type. He saw it inside her every time he was with her. The love on her face. The more he thought about it, the easier it was to recognise. Shaking his head, he put everything away, then went and sat in his study.

What was he going to do? He either let her go-and he hated that-or he steered her along until he was bored. Each option left him feeling disgusted with himself. Heather deserved better.

She's the one. Trust yourself.

Julian shook his head. He'd promised himself he'd never marry. Heather had once asked him what he wanted from his life. The truth was he didn't have the first clue what he wanted. He had everything.

And yet you're still empty inside. Everything looks pretty damn lonely.

He was going to spend the weekend with her and then make up his mind. Stringing her along wasn't his intention. When they were forced to spend more time together with no chance of getting away he'd have an idea of how long the affair would last.

Julian liked his plan. Most of the women he'd dated hadn't lasted long enough after he'd taken them away. Heather had joined him on business trips, but they were a lot different from socially going together as a couple.

He'd booked a place where no press or work associate would find them. All the angles were covered.

Chapter Twelve

Heather gazed out at the setting sun. Work had been hard knowing she'd spend the rest of the weekend uninterrupted with Julian. He'd collected her suitcases, storing them in the boot of his car. For the whole day he refused to give her any clues as to where they were going.

They left the building separately, and he picked her up at a cafe down the street. From there he'd driven them to the airport only for them to get off and go on a boat. A man had then taken the boat to a deserted island. It was a holiday resort for the extremely wealthy. Only Julian had booked the whole island for the weekend for himself.

"How rich are you?" she asked.

"Rich enough to have you all by myself." He wrapped his arms around her waist. "I've got you all to myself, Heather. For the whole weekend your ass is mine."

She knew he'd become fascinated with her ass. A smile tugged at her lips at the promise the weekend would bring.

"Well, Mr. Goff. You've got your sex slave here. What are you going to do with her?"

"Take off your clothes." He nibbled her ear. She spun in his arms, wrapping them around his neck.

"Why?"

"I don't want to waste a moment of our time together, Heather. While we're here you'll do as the boss says, and the boss says take off your clothes."

She shivered from his authoritative tone. There was something about a man who took charge. Julian oozed everything she loved in a man.

Heather pulled away from him and then began to unbutton her blouse.

"I'm not going to lie to you, baby. I'm going to f**k you hard this weekend. That cunt and ass are mine."

She'd come to terms with anal sex. When she had time alone she'd read several books and watched clips online. She was intrigued.

"Come and get it," she said, throwing down the challenge.

Julian grabbed her blouse and tore it in two. Buttons sprayed everywhere. She laughed, pulling at his own shirt. They tore at their clothes. Heather was desperate to feel him against her body. One night away from him had felt like too damn long to her. She needed him closer, their na**d flesh touching.

She cupped his face going on her toes to kiss him. They both moaned as their lips touched. Julian captured her close pulling her back. She knew where he was going. There were no stairs. He was leading her down to his bedroom.

A trail of clothes followed them. She yanked at his belt. He ripped her skirt off her body. Their lips bit and kissed each part of their body. The door to the bedroom was slammed open, and they were naked.

He sank his fingers into her hair while his other hand gripped her ass cheek. She moaned sucking his lip into her mouth.

"I want you so f**king bad. What have you done to me?" he asked. Their breaths were coming in pants.

"I've done nothing. I feel it, too." She sank to her knees in front of him. Heather pumped the flesh of his cock. She covered the head with her mouth, sucking the pr**cum then bobbing her head as she took more of him in her mouth.

"Your mouth is so f**king hot."

She noticed he liked using the F-word when he was around her. His lack of control was addictive. He grabbed her hair in his fist, forcing her to take more of his c**k inside her mouth. She moaned, loving his control over her.

"That's it, baby. Suck my cock. Take it deep." He pushed deeper inside her.

Heather cupped his bollocks in her hands licking his cock. She wanted him to explode.

He pulled her away, lifting her up. She followed him up. The pressure he'd placed on her hair was nothing compared to the pressure she wanted between her thighs.

They fell to the bed together. He reached for a condom, ripping the foil packet with his teeth, then sliding the latex over his length. In the next instant he was inside her, his length pressing deep against her cervix. She cried out, and the sound vibrated between them.

"Watch me f**k you." Julian pulled the pillows beneath her hips, propping her up so she would be able to watch.

Heather watched his c**k sink inside her pu**y. The condom covered with her copious amounts of cum. She was so turned on by what she was seeing. He grabbed her hands slamming his c**k inside her. They gripped each other, f**king their bodies together.

"Fuck, look at your juicy pu**y take me in. You want this, don't you? You love f**king the boss."

"Yes," she screamed.

There were no words for her to describe what was happening to her body.

"I'm not going to last." He gave a growl, letting go of her hands to finger her clit. She felt on the brink of orgasm constantly around him. There was no way for her to stop this feeling. She wanted him that badly.

Julian licked her cum off his finger then went back for more.

"Come for me, baby. Let me hear it. You know how I love to hear you yell my name." He used two fingers on her delicate clit, his touch relentless against her. "I love f**king you. You're all mine." He slammed inside her with each word.

Heather loved it when he talked dirty to her.

"Julian!" She yelled his name as she came apart. He f**ked her harder until his c**k pulsed inside her. The condom filled with his sperm. She didn't know why he used the condom. He spent most of his time forgetting them with her.

He collapsed on top of her, taking her farther up the bed.

"I could f**k you forever. There is nowhere else I'd rather be," he said. She rubbed his damp hair off his head.

"I'm here 'til you've had enough." She stroked his hair. His breath was on her ni**les. He got up on his arms staring down at her.

"Do you love me?" he asked.

She bit her lip. "Don't make me answer that," she said after a few silent minutes. Heather stared past his shoulder unable to think about the hurt inside her chest. She didn't want their time to be ruined by her admission.

"I can't promise you anything, Heather. I told you that."

"I know. I didn't say I loved you, Julian. Don't be egotistical," she said. Her fingers were crossed by her side. She wasn't lying really.

He stared at her for a little while longer. "As long as you know the score."

"You're against commitment and prefer to sow your wild oats until you fall down dead, old and alone. I get it, Julian. I'm good for however long your dick gets hard for me. Now will you get off me so I can shower? I've got grime, work sweat, and everything else." She shoved at his chest. Julian moved off her giving her space to move. He caught her wrist not letting her get out of the way.

"I've got you all weekend, Heather. We'll share the shower."

"Come on then." She tugged him off the bed. Her nakedness no longer bothered her.

He got up to stand next to her, his hand going to her cheek for her to look at him. "The last thing I want is to hurt you. I care for you, Heather."

"I know. Sometimes caring isn't enough, but for now it's more than I want."

They took a shower together, then made love before falling asleep in each other's arms. Heather lay curled up against his chest as he held her.

****

On Saturday Julian took her for a tour of the small island. They walked the beach without a care in the world. He was reeling from the shock of their situation. The women in his life never made him feel anything like the way Heather was doing. She made him want to be with her in the longer term. Each time he thought he was getting closer to moving on, the stronger his feelings grew.

Until Heather entered his life, he hadn't allowed a woman to sleep in his bed while he lay with her. Thursday night was the first time since they'd begun their affair that he'd slept alone. He didn't like it. Her warm heat kept him at peace during the cold nights.

The sun had set on their last night together. He stroked her hair where she lay on the bed.

"I never thought I'd enjoy summer during winter." She smiled.

"I wouldn't have come without you. I've enjoyed our time together," he said.

"It has been fun. Considering you're an old man you know how to keep up." She reached between his thighs to stroke his cock. Julian closed his eyes for a split second to enjoy her ministrations. He loved her hands on him. There was a lot about her that he loved. No, liked. He didn't love anyone. Care was as far as he was willing to admit. All other emotions were pointless.

Why?

He cut the thought off before it had chance to spoil his last night with Heather. She'd been teasing him all day about her ass, making sly comments. He knew she'd been watching scenes of anal sex. She hadn't deleted the links from his study computer at home. He liked the fact she was thinking about going further with him. The thought of her thinking about him while she watched the videos, turned him on.

She lay naked. Their last love-making session permeated the air. He stroked down her back to her ass, cupping the cheeks. She gave a moan. "You love my ass, don't you?"

"Who wouldn't?" He gave her left ass cheek a light tap. Her ass went a slightly pale shade of red, which quickly faded. Julian moved down the bed to attend as much attention to her ass as possible. "Open your legs."

Heather did as he asked. He loved how responsive she was with him. The bond between them was growing with every passing day.

"Are you going to f**k my ass?" she asked.

"Would you like me to f**k this ass?" He ran his fingers down her crack to her soaking wet pu**y.

"You've been talking about it for days now."

"That's not an answer, baby. Do you want me to f**k your ass?" He cupped her ass in his hands, spreading her cheeks wide.

She gave a guttural groan, her head buried in the sheets in front of her. He didn't do anything else other than touch her intimately.

"I'm not going to go any further, Heather. You've got to beg me for it."

"I can't," she said.

Julian leaned over to her ear. "Yes, you can. All you need to do is say, 'Julian, f**k my ass please'. And I'll make you scream as I f**k your hot little ass."

He waited several moments for her to ask. While he was waiting, he played with her body. She responded to his touch instantly.

"Julian, will you f**k my ass?" she asked.

"Yes." He nibbled at her neck, biting down. His c**k pulsed with renewed arousal. When she was shaking with pleasure, he reached for the drawer where he'd stored the lube he needed. She was dripping wet, but the lube would provide extra lubrication to help him through.

He rolled her over, her tits capturing his eye. Julian cupped her br**sts in his palms. His thumb and finger teasing the buds of her ni**les. She moaned, and her legs opening wider. He gazed down to see her juicy pu**y open for him.

Running his hands up and down her body, he leaned down and kissed her. "Thank you," he said.

"For what?"

"For trusting me." For her first time he wanted to stare into her eyes. He kissed her deeply on the lips. His tongue plunged inside her mouth as he caressed her whole body. He wanted her like jelly when he took her ass.

She gave him everything he asked. Her body lay relaxed beneath him. He knew she trusted him with her body and her ass. The fact she'd never allowed another man into such a delicate part of her body meant a lot to him. He ran his hands down to her slit.

He fingered her cl*t teasing her. In no time at all he had her whimpering and thrusting against him.

"Please, don't make me wait, Julian. I want you inside me."

"Tell me why?" he asked.

She sent him a frustrated glare. He chuckled but didn't budge from teasing her clit. Heather needed to open up more. He liked seeing her lose control. Julian knew she liked it when he lost control.

"Because I've spent all my spare time preparing for this. You've had your fingers up my ass, and I've watched it. I'm ready, Julian. Please, f**k my ass." She yelled the last bit at him.

He unscrewed the lid of the lube and smeared some on his fingers. "I've got to start by getting you well lubed up. I don't want to hurt you. Grab a pillow, and put it under your ass." Julian waited for her to follow his orders.

She put the pillow under her.

"Lift your legs up." She followed his instructions. "This will feel a little cold at first."

Heather gasped as he pressed his fingers to her anus. "That's it. Relax around me. Let me inside."

When he lubricated her ass, he grabbed a condom and quickly tore at the foil then rolled the condom over his cock. He took the tube of lube and smeared plenty over his latex-covered cock. There was more than he needed, but he wanted her to be comfortable. He wanted her to want him all the time.

"I'm going to go slow and easy, okay."

She nodded her head.

"Let me know if I'm going too hard."

"I will."

He pressed the head of his c**k to her tight anal entrance. "Don't tense up." He saw the struggle she had, but she tried to open for him. When he got past the tight ring of muscles he paused to give her time to grow accustomed to him. "Push out," he said.

Heather pushed out, and he pressed his length slowly inside her.

"Stop," she said, her hand raised for him to stop. "You're too big. Just give me a second."

Julian waited, stroking her thighs. The desire to push that last little bit was intense, but he held back.

"Okay, I'm ready. Go slowly," she said.

Ever so slowly he entered her ass**le. He took it slowly so he wouldn't hurt her. Julian never took his eyes away from her as he sank the last few inches inside her ass. She licked her lips. Her eyes glazed over from desire. His grip tightened on her legs as he pushed the last bit of his c**k inside. The action was hard and rough.

"It's okay. You've got me all, Heather. I'm inside you."

"You're inside my ass?"

"Yes. Thank you, baby." He couldn't form the words he felt inside of his heart. Heather was trusting him with one of the most precious parts of herself.

"It feels so good." Her ass tightened around him making him groan.

"Here comes the fun part." Julian began to ease out of her only to press back inside. He didn't leave her snug channel for long. His pace was slow to begin with, allowing her to become accustomed to his c**k in her ass.

Her hands gripped his legs pulling him deeper inside her body. He set the pace giving her more than the last stroke. She whimpered, moaned, and screamed while thrashing on the bed. He wouldn't give her anymore until she'd orgasmed.

"Touch yourself," he said.

Julian watched her fingers glide between her thighs. Her pretty little cl*t was swollen with her need to find release. He licked his own lips knowing what she tasted like.

"Finger your clit. I want to watch you come apart." She stared at him as with even strokes he tunnelled in and out of her hot little ass**le. The heat of her body gripped him. From the way her chest heaved and her eyes were glazed over he knew it was only a matter of time before she splintered apart.

Her ass tightened around him. He broke their gaze to stare at her cunt. She was about to hurtle over the edge. Her pu**y rippled in time to the build of her orgasm.

"That's it. Let me feel you."

She whimpered, then came apart. Her ass tightened around him to unbearable strength. Her cream leaked out of her pu**y sliding down the perineum to cover the base of his cock.

Before her orgasm finished, Julian f**ked her ass. His strokes were gentle but firm. He'd been holding back his own orgasm in order for her to feel him inside her ass as she cl**axed.

He knew he wouldn't last. There was no way he would ever be able to resist her.

Her moans echoed around his head, her sounds addictive to him. She wanted the man and nothing more.

He thrust inside her ass twice more, then growled as his c**k jerked washing the condom inside her ass with his spunk. Julian collapsed over her. His head was cushioned by her heavy br**sts. Everything about her was perfect to him. There was nothing he would change.

A part of him wished he could be the man she needed. Their time would have to come to an end soon. She was starting to mean too much to him, and he wouldn't allow himself to hurt her. The longer they were together the harder it would be to let her go.

Hurting her wasn't an option.

"That was amazing," she said. Her breath brushed against his hair.

"I know. Thank you."

He looked up into her eyes. The trust and the love her saw in them made his throat tighten. She deserved more than this. Their time together would only ruin that part of her that was so special.

"We've got to leave tomorrow," he said.

"I know. My boss wants me at work for Monday morning." She gave him a smile. There was hope inside her heart. How could he squash her hope? Hurting her now would kill him.

The threat from Elijah didn't faze him. He respected the man for caring for his sister. Julian cupped her cheek. Her soft skin called to him. Could he keep going like this without giving her commitment?

He knew it was hopeless, and yet, he refused to ruin what they had. The time would come when he'd have no choice.

That day wasn't today.

"And you know how much I love to spank your ass. If you're late I think that would be reasonable punishment enough."

She burst out laughing, the sound delightful to hear. There was a tenseness between them. He felt it and knew it was down to what had just happened. Until it could no longer last he would take advantage of their time together.

Chapter Thirteen

When they got back from their trip, everything went back to how it had been before they went away. Heather spent as much time with Julian as she could, their relationship growing stronger with each day. The days turned into weeks and the weeks turned into months. Before she knew what was happening, six month had passed, and she was still sleeping with her boss. Julian didn't want to end things. She tried to talk about the future, but he didn't want to talk about it. He didn't want to ruin a good thing, and the moment they started analysing it, he felt it would be over. At least that is what Julian had said to her. He liked the time they spent together. She knew he did. They worked well together. She couldn't deny their relationship for much longer.

Her relationship with her friends was getting strained. It was only a matter of time before everything blew up in her face. For six months she'd been with Julian, and she hadn't seen her friends as much. Elijah still lived in her house. Some of her clothes were at Julian's.

They were spending the weekend together at his house, again. Heather stared at him across the bathtub. He'd filled the large tub with hot water and bubbles. The days at work were getting harder. Keeping secrets was not her thing. She didn't like doing it.

"Here, some wine to relax you." Julian poured her a flute of wine before getting in the tub next to her. Her hair was tied at the base of her neck in a clip.

"Thank you. I need to relax."

"You're over-thinking everything," he said. He caught her hand kissing her knuckles. Her body tightened as pleasure rushed to every part of her body.

"That's easy for you to say. You're used to this. I'm not."

"So you spend a little time with me."

"A little time? Julian, I spend every moment here. I've not slept in my own bed in over six months. My friends hate me, and you're telling me I'm over-thinking things." She took a sip of the wine. It tasted like vinegar. She didn't have the energy to tell him she should be swallowing down tequila shots with her friends at Wade's.

"If it means that much to you, we'll go to Wade's this weekend. I'll meet your friends."

"You'd do that?" she asked.

"Yes."

She gave a smile. It was forced, but at least she'd get to see her friends. Heather took another sip of her wine. He stroked her shoulder and then her hair. His touch was soothing, yet annoying.

"So all of your women know when you've had enough?" she asked, sipping a glass of wine. For the last six months she'd been putting off the inevitable. The longer they stayed together the quicker she was growing towards her best before date.

"I'm not cruel, Heather. I give them fair warning. I'll make sure they're comfortable for a few months and then cease any further contact." He stroked her neck as he sipped his own wine.

"You don't think that is cruel?" She shivered when he circled a nipple with his finger, his nail scraping the tender, red flesh. Her pu**y pulsed with the fresh wave of desire.

"Most if not all the women I date know the score. I've never made a promise I don't intend to keep."

She licked her lips staring into her glass. The alcohol was going to her head, making her feel dizzy. It was moments like these, hearing his blunt talk, that made her regret her decision to be his.

"What about me? Where do I come in?"

He opened his mouth to talk then stopped and closed his lips. Heather drained her glass of wine, placing the glass carefully on the side of the bath tub. She wiped her lips to rid any excess. The fact he couldn't answer her questions left her feeling lonely. Her friends had more than warned her about the path she was taking with him. She'd been a fool not to listen to them.

"I don't know," he said, shrugging his shoulders.

"Just don't expect a ring?" She blew a few bubbles away. The tears she felt coming to the surface got clogged in her throat. "I need to get out. I'm turning into a prune." She lifted out of the bath grabbing a towel to cover herself. Even though her nakedness didn't bother her as much as it used to she suddenly felt too exposed to show so much flesh off.

"Don't go, Heather. I think conversations like this are only going to spoil our time together." He caught her wrist before she had chance to pull away.

"I get it, Julian. You won't commit to any relationship no matter what. I understand. I even respect it. You've been upfront with me. I've just got to get used to it." She gave him a smile and pulled on her wrist. For several moments he refused to let her go. "Julian."

"I'm sorry," he said.

Heather knew he rarely used that word. "It's okay. I need to get dressed. I'm hungry. Do you want anything?" She needed to distract him.

"I'll have a sandwich."

"I'll make you one. Don't come into the kitchen, okay? I'll bring it to you." Julian nodded his head then let her go. Taking a deep breath she moved into the bedroom to grab a robe. She wrapped her hair in the towel that had been around her body then slowly made her way to his kitchen. The tears began to fall halfway down the stairs. Ignoring all of her warning bells she picked up the phone and dialled Amber's number. She knew all of her friends were staying together at Amber's. Heather needed to hear their voices. She didn't know what she was doing. The pain inside her chest was growing unbearable.

At first the call went to the answering machine. She hung up and dialled again. Connie answered on the second ring, laughing. "Hello, welcome to the weird residence of Amber. How may I help you?"

"Connie!" Heather gave a light laugh. "I take it you girls are having fun."

"Heather?"

"Heather is on the line. Put it to speaker phone. I want to hear everything." There was some shuffling around, and then she heard all of them talking together.

"How is your dirty weekend?" Connie asked.

"You're only jealous," Ashley said.

"Damn right. Shut up, guys. I want to hear her talk." The line went deathly quiet.

"It's going fine, guys. I just wanted to talk to you." Her voice sounded croaked, as if she'd caught the flu.

"Oh, no. I know the sound of this. Is the honeymoon period over all ready?" Amber asked.

Heather looked behind her to make sure the coast was clear. "I don't think there ever was a honeymoon period. I think I'm the only one who felt something more than sexual attraction." The sob she'd been containing released. She knew she'd sound awful over the line, but she didn't care. She wished she was at home with her friends. Being at home with her brother Elijah would have been better than being with a man who gave her an expiration date.

"I thought you girls were angry with me. I haven't been with you for over six months. Last time we really talked we were fighting," Heather said. The tears fell, and she knew her time with Julian was coming to an end.

"We love you, honey. We were being bitchy and missing you. Out of all of us, you've never let a guy into the equation. Guess what?"

"What?" she asked, her heart feeling lighter knowing her friends didn't hate her.

"Wade has the karaoke thing going tomorrow night. You've got to come. We've already signed Connie up to sing. It'll be great. Alcohol, dancing, singing, and friends," Ashley said.

"You're in luck. Julian has agreed to meet you guys. I'll tell him about the karaoke, and I'll meet you guys there."

The girls on the other end screamed. Heather laughed.

"So how are you holding up?" Connie asked, cutting through all the laughter.

Heather paused. "I'm fine. It's just hard to deal with. I know he'll dump me, and I'll end up like the other women. A piece of jewellery that means squat while I see him with a new woman by his side. I love him. It's my fault for loving a guy who could never love me back."

"We'll be here for you," Connie said.

"I know. That is a huge relief. I don't know if I can handle going through this break up alone."

"Elijah is still living with you. He'll take care of you," Amber said.

"You know, I need to talk to him. I feel like shit. For most of my life I've hated him. I guess it has taken being away from him while he's been nearby has put some kind of perspective on everything." Heather felt tears spring to her eyes.

"He'll look forward to talking with you."

"I better go. I've got a sandwich to make, and then I've got more hot sex."

"You go, girl. Enjoy the screwing while you can," Ashley said.

Heather hung up the phone then took everything she needed from the fridge. It felt good speaking to her friends again. She loved them so much.

****

Julian watched her make a sandwich. His heart was in his throat. She loved him. He knew she did, but now he'd heard her say the words it became more real to him than ever before. Slowly, he eased back up the stairs with his own troubled thoughts.

Heather loved him, but he'd not been able to end things. This put a problem in their relationship. He knew she loved him, and now he needed to let her go. Hurting her wasn't an option. On Monday, he'd end their time together. He'll call another company where his friend Nathan worked and ask if they'd give her a job. Once things were over between them he wouldn't be able to cope with seeing her every day and knowing what he'd lost.

A few minutes later Heather came into the room. She carried a tray with their food on.

"Hi," she said. He smiled at her. Her eyes were red from crying. He didn't say anything.

"Is that food for me?" he asked.

"Yes, I talked to my friends."

"What did they say?" He knew what was coming, but he didn't want to spoil it.

"Wade has organized some karaoke. Connie is an amazing singer. You'll love her," she said. She sat on the bed next to him, her smile beautiful to see.

"If she's that good why haven't I heard of her before?" he asked, smiling.

"Because she tried to get noticed years ago. No one wanted her. They said her body didn't fit the image. Anyway, she's amazing, and you'll love her."

He cupped her face in his hands. Their time was coming to a close. Until Monday he intended to enjoy everything of her. He kissed her deeply pulling at her robe as well. Tomorrow he'd meet her friends, and then on Monday at lunch he'd end things with her.

Chapter Fourteen

"So, you're the son of a bitch who has been keeping Heather to yourself?" Ashley asked.

"That's me."

"And you've got the sexy voice that creams every woman's panties. Typical. You're a lucky bitch." Ashley cuddled her as the introductions were made. Connie smiled at Julian, but her gaze kept going to the stage.

"Are you nervous?" Heather asked.

"A little. I didn't think Wade would do it. Christmas came and went with no signs of the karaoke coming. Now, I've been booked a spot, and I can't back out of it. I'm nervous, excited, and downright scared." Connie reached across the table to hold her friend's hand.

"It'll be great. You'll see."

Connie nodded. "I better go and get ready."

Julian remained seated at her side as her friends talked over him. At times it was like he wasn't there. Everything was going well. Her friends seemed to like Julian, even if they were blanking him. They weren't as charmed by him as she was, but then she loved him. The club was full to bursting. Julian spent a great deal of time stroking her thigh. Connie was near the bar getting ready to do her number on stage. Wade kept talking to her.

"She's nervous," Amber said.

"I'm not surprised. She's never sung in public before," Heather said.

"Wait, she's never sung in public, but you guys think she's amazing," said Julian.

All three women glared at him.

"She has sung in front of us. We're her friends, and we take care of our friends," Ashley said.

Heather glanced at him. He'd been different with her the night before. She knew he must have heard her phone conversation. He kept glancing down at his phone.

"Are you expecting a call?" she asked.

"Business stuff. I need an answer by Monday." He smiled at her. There was a distance to him even as he touched her body.

She felt when he touched her that he was getting ready to say goodbye. The audience grew silent. Heather looked at the stage.

Connie walked up to the stage. Heather saw her hands were shaking. The fear on Connie's face was more than Heather could bear to see.

"We've got to help her," Heather said to the girls.

"How can we help her? I can't sing," Amber said.

"And that is a bad thing? This is for Connie. Come on." Heather kissed Julian and grabbed the other two. Wade stood at the bar looking towards the stage. Connie was too shy to get up on that stage on her own. They stopped at the DJ to change the song. The music began to fill the club. Heather followed the other two up the stage. They hugged Connie, ad then took their positions on either side with a mike in their hands.

She gave a wave to Julian, who waved back. He was distant tonight, and she didn't like it. Pushing her doubts to the back of her mind she allowed the music to consume her.

Her voice was crap. Ashley and Amber weren't much better, but Connie always covered them. Her voice stood on its own.

The first chords began, and Heather sang along. In no time at all, Connie was in full swing without her friends' help. Amber, Ashley, and Heather stayed back dancing in the background as their friend took to the main stage, her voice perfectly in tune with the song. When they were reaching the cl**ax, Heather encouraged the people on the dance floor to clap their hands for her friend. Connie blossomed under the audience's attention. She swayed her h*ps and pulsed to the beat. It was like she was a different person on stage. Heather glanced towards Julian. He was on the phone, his attention on work.

"What's wrong?" Ashley asked.

"Nothing." Heather smiled at her friend.

Heather linked her arms with the other two as her friend went for a high note. Her arms erupted in goose bumps. Connie had tried to break into the music industry, but there was no room for her or her shape. Heather knew they'd made a mistake, but at least her friend didn't seem sad by it.

The crowd erupted into applause as the music died down.

"Thank you," Connie said.

Heather saw Wade whistling. She hoped he had the courage to tell Connie how he felt. They left Connie to her audience as they walked off the stage. This was her time. No one else's. Ashley caught her arm as Amber went to the bar.

"You've gone all quiet and sad. What's the matter?"

She glanced back at the table. "My time with him is coming to an end. I don't think I'll last the week."

"Wait, how do you know?"

"I just know, Ashley. He hasn't said anything. I know. Things have gone too far. He'll settle something, and then I'll have the jewellery and my memories."

"Why aren't you crying?" Ashley asked.

"Because I don't want to break apart. This was what I signed up for when I agreed to sleep with my boss. This is the price I have to pay." Heather shrugged her shoulders. "I made the mistake of falling in love. I'll break apart when it's over. Not before."

"You're a strong woman, Heather."

"No, I'm not. A stronger woman would leave with her heart intact. I'm going to leave with mine broken." Heather hugged her friend to her. "I've missed you."

"Your relationship will be over, but at least we'll have you back." Ashley kissed her cheek. "I'm so sorry. I've been so wound up with my own feelings that I never considered how it would be for you."

"Don't worry about it. This is life. I'm going to go and enjoy the last bits of my time with him." Heather smiled at her then went over to Julian.

She had no one to blame for herself for what was going to happen. She wished there was some way for her to stop the inevitable. It was coming. She guessed he'd end it on Monday. For some reason, it felt right to her.

Shrugging her shoulders she put a smile on her face then went to him. Until Monday she was going to enjoy what little time they had left together.

****

"Don, can you hear this?" Julian asked the man on the phone.

"Bloody hell, who is that?"

"I think we can do business." He arranged a meeting as Connie came to the end of her song. Heather looked amazing, and she hadn't been wrong about her friend. That voice could sell millions. He knew the perfect way to get her into the industry. The song ended, and the applause was unbelievable. His woman ran to him.

"Didn't I tell you she was great?"

"Amazing." She wrapped her arms around his neck, her body rubbing against his. He clenched his teeth together to try to keep control of his cock. Whenever Heather was around him, he couldn't stop his dick from getting hard for her. He knew Monday was the perfect time to end things.

"I'm going to get go and settle our tab. Are you ready to go?" he asked.

"Yeah. I'm all yours." She circled her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. He kissed her back, his hands cupping her ass.

"I'd better go and settle." He pulled away then made his way through the crowd to the bar. Wade was taking orders from other customers. Julian waited, not wanting to be alone with Heather just yet.

"She knows," Ashley said. He turned to her friend with a frown.

"What?"

Ashley moved to stand next to him. "Heather. She knows you're going to break it off with her."

"Does she? Then that makes her a clever woman."

"And that makes you an ass**le. What's wrong with her?"

He glared at the woman by his side. Her blonde hair cascaded around her in waves. Her full figure made her look like every teenager's wet dream. He wasn't interested. Heather was the woman he wanted.

"Nothing is wrong with her. This is none of your business. Heather knew the score when we started this. Back the f**k off."

Ashley held her hands up. "You can swear and cuss at me all you want. I know the score. I'm the woman who knows the score, not Heather. She's a keeper."

"Don't you think I know that?" He glared at her. "I don't like you. Go away."

"You're in love with her," said Ashley. Julian looked away. "Wait, if you're in love with her why are you throwing her away?"

"It's for the best. I don't do love."

Wade came over, and Julian paid his tab.

"She'll break apart over this."

"And you'll fix her. She has friends. She doesn't need me."

He turned to leave. She caught hold of his arm. "When are you breaking it off?"

"Monday."

"She knows you well. I will hunt you down, Julian. You hurt her, and there will be consequences."

Julian pulled out of her hold. "I'm a grown man, Ashley. Threats don't sit well with me." He moved in close to her. "I'm not the one keeping secrets from Heather."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"You've got quite a reputation for being a woman who likes to have two men." She gasped, her eyes going wide.

"None of them know."

"I won't tell them, but don't try to play the high and mighty card with me, princess. You'll lose. Just be her friend. I don't care what you do. I've only heard about your reputation. Nothing more." He turned and stared at Heather. "I'll be breaking up with her on Monday. Make sure she's well looked after. I don't like the thought of her suffering."

Ashley nodded her head.

He walked to Heather, kissed her deeply, then escorted her out to his car. When he got her home, he made love to her for the rest of the night. Julian knew he was saying goodbye to her. He didn't want to, and he wished he could progress to the next stage, but he couldn't.

All too soon it was Monday. He dropped her off at her house before going to the jewellers he used. The owner had agreed to open the shop for him to pick an item of his choice. Nathan had agreed to find her a position in his company. A well paid one. Julian had made the fatal mistake of falling for an employee. He didn't want Heather to suffer from him mistake.

Chapter Fifteen

Heather spent the whole Monday morning nervous. Julian appeared at work an hour late. He looked angry, frustrated, and in the mood to break up. She got his coffee and left his office quickly. Her heart was breaking inside. She knew he was going to end it. Heather didn't know how she knew; she just did.

At lunch everyone began filing out for their break. They sent her smiles and hoped she had a good lunch break. She didn't think she would.

Ten minutes passed, and then Julian called her in to his office. She got up and walked inside.

"Shut the door," he said.

She closed the office away and approached his desk.

He handed her a fabric box. She took the box but didn't open it. Heather felt like she was going to throw up. There was no long speech or anything. Just handing her a box. She wouldn't accept that. She needed an explanation.

"What the f**k is this?" she asked.

Keep it together, Heather. You're stronger than this.

She bit her lip to keep the tears at bay.

"I told you how my relationships end, Heather. Consider it my goodbye gift." He picked his phone up and dialled a number.

What the hell was happening? She didn't know what to do. This was the strangest break-up she'd ever had to live through. The pain in her heart was hard to take in.

"I see." She placed the jewellery case back on the desk, and then she turned and walked away. She heard him slam the phone down. He grabbed her before she got the chance to leave his office.

He caught her elbow, dragging her back. When he turned her she was shocked by the emotion on his face. Especially when she knew her own face didn't have any. She was numb. She felt nothing.

"This is yours. Consider it a token of my affection." He tried to give her the box, but she refused to take it. That box would mean she accepted being thrown away. She wouldn't take something with so little meaning.

"You had fun, Julian. Fine. I don't need some crummy piece of jewellery you got someone else to get for you. I know how this works, remember? I was the person who did it for all your other women." She pulled her arm out of his grip. "See you around."

"Wait," he said.

She turned back to him.

"I've got you a position elsewhere. My friend appreciates your experience."

"I don't want a job, Julian. I'm done. I gave you my resignation six months ago. I quit. I'll find other work."

Heather moved to her desk and collected her things. She'd been expecting this, so she'd cleared out her desk a bit at a time.

He stood watching her. She moved towards the elevator still feeling numb. The tears didn't come.

She left the building, ignoring any calls to her. Heather walked the short distance to her home. The peace of the walk would help her. She needed to clear her head. What had just happened hadn't sunk in yet. The love of her life had just dumped her.

A laugh escaped her. She walked up her garden path, unlocked her door, then walked straight into her sitting room. After removing her jacket, she curled up on the couch holding onto the pillow as it was life support. Elijah came down stairs. She heard him but didn't say anything.

"You're home early," he said.

"Yes."

"Are you all right?"

"I'm fine, Elijah."

He knelt in front of her. She stared at her brother with his long hair and rebellious tattoos.

"You're not fine, are you, Heather?"

She shook her head. The first tear began to fall. "No, I'm not fine." She sobbed. "I'm the furthest from fine."

He caught her in his arms. She let him hold her. It was the first time she'd ever cuddled her brother. All the other times she'd pushed him away.

"He dumped me, Elijah. He was going to give a piece of jewellery as a thank you." She let it all out. The pain and suffering. The love she felt for him. How was she going to move on with her life after everything that had happened? "You were right. I was nothing but a sex toy to him. A living, breathing slave who'd do anything for his attention."

Elijah stroked her hair. She appreciated the comfort he offered. For once she wanted to be held by her brother.

"You meant more than that," he said.

"How do you know? If I meant more to him then why did he throw me away like the others?" She rubbed her nose.

"Because a man like Julian doesn't keep a woman in his life for six months then ditch her. I saw the way he looked at you. You were more than a f**k-bag, Heather. He loved you very deeply."

"Well that makes everything worse. He doesn't even want to fight his doubts. This hurts too much." Heather watched him reach for his mobile, which lay on the coffee table. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Getting your friends. You need them right now."

She listened to him talk to her friends. Heather wondered how he managed to get her friends' numbers. In minutes he threw the phone to the other end of the room. "They'll be here soon."

"Thank you," she said.

"I'm not leaving you. They'll bring the ice-cream, but I'm never leaving you again."

"Why, Elijah? I thought you hated me?"

"You were the one always pushing me away, Heather. I figured you'd work out your own issues." He stroked her hair.

"Mom and dad have always preferred you. No matter what I do, you're their favourite," she said, admitting to the jealousy she'd kept buried deep.

"Not my problem. I don't expect us to get over our problems today or even in a week. We've got rivalry between us to last us a millennium, but I'm still your brother. If I wasn't worried about you so much, I'd go and kick his ass."

She chuckled, resting her head on his chest. Their problems as siblings were not solved. That would take time. At least they could push them aside in order to be together now. She didn't know how she'd cope without Elijah at that moment. Her heart was breaking. She'd walked out on the man she loved without trying to fight for him.

"Come on, you need a shower and some pajamas. This is going to take some time. Go and wash, and I'll make you a cup of tea." He pushed her up the stairs.

Heather went willingly. There was nothing she wanted more than a hot bath to wash away the pain. At least it would be second best to Julian.

****

Julian stood in shock. She was the first woman to refuse his gift. He opened the case and looked at the heart-shaped pendant he'd purchased for her. This was the first gift where he'd spent all the time picking out. He wanted her to remember him. He wanted her to have a piece of him on her at all times.

Instead of chasing her out of the office into the street he went back into his office. He sat down feeling raw. His eyes hurt. The knot in his throat was unbearable. Julian put his head in his hands trying to fight the pain.

He lost.

The tears sprang to his eyes, and the sob in his throat escaped. He'd done it. He'd broken up with a woman he loved more than anything else in the world. Rubbing his chest, he tried to stop the pain. Nothing happened.

He stared at the fabric box he'd given her, then opened his drawer. There in the bottom of his drawer lay the small square box. When he'd seen the ring he knew it would be perfect for Heather. Without thinking he'd purchased the ring.

"Who is the lucky lady, sir?" the owner had asked.

"What?"

"You've just bought an engagement ring."

The revelation of his choice had shocked him. He hadn't wanted to put it back.

Now, sitting here, he realised he'd made a big f**king mistake. Julian wanted Heather to be his woman for the rest of his life. He didn't want another man to claim her for his own.

Julian got out of his office chair and made his way out of his building. He knew he needed to get to Heather, to his woman. The elevator doors pinged open into the parking lot. Julian made his way over to his car and stopped when he saw three angry women. Ashley, Amber, and Connie. He knew they wouldn't be able to get into the building, but the parking lot was easily accessible to anyone off the street.

"We did warn you that we'd come and hurt you if you hurt her," Ashley said. Even the threat of knowing about her reputation wasn't enough to stop her from helping her friend. Julian admired her for it.

He decided to explain what he was doing. Julian held his hand up with the velvet box in it.

"Wait, what's that you're holding?" Connie asked as they walked up to him.

He handed the engagement ring to her friends. "That is what I should have given her. I should have fought for her. Instead, I let her go."

They all gasped, admiring the ring. "Then why aren't you chasing after her? She'll take you back. Go and apologise. Then get down on one knee and tell her you love her," Amber said.

"She will never forgive me."

Ashley walked right up to him and slapped him on the face. "If you love her it shouldn't matter what you have to do to win her back. Now, grab the ring, and let's go. I'm driving."

Julian stared at her friends then followed them through the parking lot to her car. He would do anything to win Heather back.

"She loves you," Connie said to him in the back of the car.

"I know. I heard her tell you."

"Is that what had you running scared?" she asked.

"Wouldn't you be? I've never let another woman in."

"Heather is a special kind of woman. It's hard not to let her in," Ashley said. "Even for an ass**le like you."

Julian laughed. He couldn't believe he was riding in the back of a car with three women. Ashley broke the speed limit getting to her house.

"You've got this, Julian. Go and claim your girl," Connie said, slapping him on the back.

He got out of the car. Elijah stood waiting for him. "Make her better, or I'll break you," her brother said. Julian nodded and walked into the house. Heather was walking down the stairs wearing her teddy bear pajamas as he walked in.

"I cleaned myself up. Where's my tea?" She stopped on the step when she saw him. "Julian." Her eyes were red from crying. He knew they matched his own.

"I made a big mistake," he said.

"What are you doing here?" she asked.

He held his hand up, closing the distance between them. She stopped staring at his hands.

"I've come to apologise."

"You just dumped me, Julian. Can't you give me some time to process that?" More tears fell from her eyes. He felt like an utter bastard.

"I've never loved a woman. I've slept with women and used them. When I first met you, I wanted you. We work brilliantly together, and I didn't want to ruin that. Then I saw you dancing at Wade's, and I couldn't stand to see another man touching you." He opened his heart to her. "The passion between us burned brighter than ever before. You were sleeping with the boss."

"Julian, I know all this."

"No, you don't." He moved up on the step pressing a finger against her lips. "You don't know everything. I fell in love with you, Heather. You became part of my life, and I didn't want you to go. Six months is a breakthrough for me. Most of the women last a month, if that. I don't want you to leave me." Julian reached into his pocket.

"You love me?"

"My heart beats for no one but you. I love you, Heather. I f**ked up and made a mistake. Please, I'm begging you forgive me." He pulled out another small fabric box.

"More jewellery. Julian, please."

He opened the box, showing her the diamond heart-shaped ring he'd bought her. "Heather Booth, I know this is asking a lot. I don't deserve your love or your forgiveness, but I'm asking you. No, I'm begging you. Will you do me the honour of becoming my wife?"

Her mouth opened. She stared at the ring. Heather was standing in a pair of pajamas with her hair in a clip. She looked so adorably cute, but she was his woman. The one he wanted to spend the rest of his life loving.

"How do you know?" she asked.

He caught her hand pressing it to his heart. "My heart beats for no one else, Heather. You're the woman for me. I swear to you I'll make you the most happy and satisfied woman alive." Julian caught her cheek against his palm. "Also, I've got three women digging my grave and a brother more than prepared to bury me. My life rides on your answer."

She burst out laughing.

"I better say yes then."

Julian slammed his lips down on hers. The need to feel her close consumed him. He broke off to trail kisses down to her neck and back again. "I love you. I love you. I love you." He chanted the words over and over again.

"I love you, too," she said.

"I will make this up to you for the rest of your life. I love you, Heather. I never want to be apart from you."

"I never thought sleeping with the boss could make me so happy."

"You're my life."

Amber, Ashley, Connie, and Elijah walked back in. They offered their congratulations, hugging and kissing them. Julian felt at home. He would take her to meet his parents soon. First, he needed to get his ring on her pronto. He was a businessman, and he knew Heather was the best woman for him.

Epilogue

Heather giggled as her husband ran his hands up and down her sides. It had been six months since he'd proposed and they'd gotten married. Her life was perfect. She'd signed the deeds of her house over to Elijah. She had moved in with Julian full time.

"I want you," he said.

She rolled over, and he laid a kiss to her rounded tummy. Whenever he stared at her tummy she saw the love he felt for her and their unborn child. It hadn't taken him long once he got the ring on her finger to knock her up.

"You always want me. You never stop," she said with a pout to her lips.

"Your own fault. How are you today?" He rubbed her belly, crawling up the bed to lie beside her.

"It's good I'm used to being bigger than every other woman. This little bump is going to make me look like a whale."

He tickled her sides like she knew he would. Julian hated it when she criticised her weight. "Remember, I'm the boss and still in charge."

"Well, boss man, what are you going to do with me?" she asked.

The love she had for him scared her at times. There was no way she could ever live without him in her life.

"First, you need to phone your friends and brother to tell them we're expecting a little boy. Then I've got to phone my parents, brother, and sister to tell them I'm going to be a father to a beautiful, bouncing boy."

Julian had introduced her to his family a week after he proposed. She liked all of them. His parents and siblings adored him. She knew they were happier now that he'd settled down.

"What happens after that?" she asked.

"After that, I make love to my wife and show her she made the right choice by marrying her boss."

She laughed. He kissed her lips, capturing a breast in his palm. Her body was more sensitive since she'd become pregnant.

"Can we skip the telling part and move straight onto the f**king?" she asked. Her pu**y was burning with the need to have his c**k buried deep inside her.

"What have I told you about your language?" He kissed her lips, trailing down to her neck. She gasped, her ni**les hardening to unbearable points.

"Maybe you need to spank me to remind me to behave." She loved it when he punished her. The spanks made her burn harder for him.

Julian pushed the strap of her top down exposing her breast to his lips. He licked the tip sending fire straight to her clit. When her left nipple was rock hard and glistening with his saliva he moved onto the next one.

Her moans echoed off the walls. She opened her legs as he trailed kisses down her tummy. He pulled her pants down opening her slit with his fingers.

"You look so juicy," he said.

She groaned as he slid a finger through her slit. Then as quickly as he'd begun to pleasure her, he stopped. Before she had chance to argue, he turned her over and slapped her ass.

"Go and phone your friends," he said.

She threw the pillow at him in frustration. He chuckled, dodging the object. She growled, pulled her pants up and jumped off the bed.

"Julian, baby," she said. He paused at the door. She sauntered over to him, her h*ps swaying seductively.

"What's the matter, baby?"

Heather ran her fingers over his chest. "Remember you had to run out during the ultrasound to take a call?"

Julian nodded her head.

She kissed his lips unable to resist the smile on her face. "Well, when you make the call to your family, tell them you're going to be a father to twins. A boy and a girl." She bit his lip and brushed past him.

"Wait, what?"

"Two for the price of one, Julian."

"You little minx." He caught her up against his chest pressing her against the wall. His c**k throbbed between them.

It looked like she was going to get what she wanted after all.

The End

