CHAPTER 1.

MONICA

The newspaper was open to a seemingly random page toward the back, but when it caught my eye, I had to examine it further. Discreetly. Because studying such a thing would draw attention from the man I sat across from. The girl in the paper was naked, on her back, with her legs thrown over her head. The light cast the seam between her legs in shadow. Her hands were tucked behind her back, and she was gagged with black cloth. She looked uncomfortable. She looked unhappy. Worse, the picture's appeal was in her miserable expression and the pleased yet benign expressions of the men watching her.

Only when I heard metal tapping against porcelain did I return my attention to the man across the table or, at the very least, to the ring clicking against his coffee cup. He picked up a business card he'd let drop next to the creamer.

I was ambivalent about the pinkie ring.

On the one hand, it ate at my trust. Who could have confidence in a man who wore one? On the other hand, its oddness was intriguing. Will Santon's fingers slipped down his business card, pivoted it, rested it on the coffee shop table, and slid down its long side again. The fingers were thick and well-formed I imagined them sliding inside me two at a time, the ring resting against my ass**le as the thumb teased my clit. I found the thought as unarousing as the woman in the paper. What normally would have sparked my desire, sparked exactly nothing. My mind was on sex all the time, but my body had taken a powder. I couldn't feel a damn thing between my legs no matter how hard I thought about f**king.

"I promise you," he said. "Your place is clean."

"I believe that you believe that." I twisted my teacup in its saucer. The pink roses were worn, and the saucer didn't match. All the decor in the cafe was found, thrift-shopped, or rescued.

"I've been doing this a long time," he said.

How long could he have been doing it though? He was thirty-five, tops, without a grey speck in his dark hair or his two-day-old black scruff. His eyes, grey as a rainy day, looked as though they'd seen their share of nastiness. His gaze did not waver, but I knew his peripheral vision was as clear as my narrow field. His jacket fit perfectly, but it was the open shirt collar, the haircut around the ears, and the comfortable shoes that told me who he was.

"You're military," I said.

"Marines."

"Something ending in 'ops,' I bet." He didn't answer. "My dad was killed in Saudi escorting a second-rate prince to some mosque."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

"You have kids, Mr. Santon?"

"Daughter. She's four."

And no wedding ring, I noticed. "Would you let your daughter go into that house?"

His gaze slipped to his empty cup. Black coffee. He'd finished his black coffee in a single swig when it was burning hot. "I got a call from your boyfriend-"

"Ex."

"Ex-boyfriend."

"Ex-lover."

"He asked me to reassure you. I'm reassuring you."

"You know what would reassure me?"

"For us to sweep it again?" His head was cocked as if he thought that would be an acceptable answer.

"Find out who it was."

"We're working on it."

"I believe you are. And I'm sure he paid you a lot of money to come here and tell me my house was clean and you were working on it. But I'll be reassured when I know who did it, not when Jonathan Drazen says it's time to be reassured. Thanks for trying."

"He also asked me to see if you looked okay, how you sounded. He said when you're upset, it's in your voice."

I swallowed, feeling scrutinized in a way I hadn't a second earlier. My chin went up a notch, and my shoulders straightened. I couldn't help it. "I'm sure you're not supposed to tell me that."

"Do you know what I'm going to say to him?"

"No, and I don't care," I said, caring a great deal.

"You're terrified."

"I'm fine."

"I've heard terrified women. Some were scared for a moment when bad shit was happening, and others got beaten down by a daily, low-grade fear." He arched an eyebrow, as if asking me which one I thought I was.

I stood. "You can tell him whatever you like, but if you tell him I'm anything but perfectly all right, he's going to worry, and that's going to make more work for you."

"I don't need the extra work."

"Then you know what to say."

Will stood and handed me the card he'd been fingering. "If you want the place swept again, call me, and I'll have it done." When I took the card, his pinky overshot its destination and brushed mine. Though the touch surprised me, it did not rouse any feelings between my legs.

CHAPTER 2.

MONICA

The desire to be touched, to connect, to find commonality between myself and someone else overwhelmed my common sense. It wasn't just anyone I wanted to touch. It was him.

Though I was alone by choice, I was desperately hurt. I carried around an ache in my chest and a cloying desire on my skin. I missed Jonathan. I missed his sharp tongue and his strong arms. Yes, I missed his dick and all our play, but it was the loss of his stare, the warmth of his attention, and the emotional safety of his sphere of influence made me feel unmoored.

Did I look scared? I leaned into Darren's bathroom mirror. I looked the same to me. I could call him. I could see him just one time. Maybe I would. I put my mascara down and looked at my phone.

It was 8:59 in the morning. In one minute, my phone would bloop with some short, pithy message from Jonathan. He sent me a text at nine every morning on the dot. I never texted him back, and I never told him to stop. I had two weeks' worth of pings from him, making sure that at least once a day, I thought of him. It was controlling in such a precise and unemotional way that on day four, when I realized what he was doing, I tapped him a livid response. But I never sent it. I thought of him so much more often than once a day anyway.

-Bring an umbrella. It's going to rain-

I scrolled back. He had reports from DC:

-It is truly awful here-

-Another lunch meeting. Bullshit on the menu-

-You belong with me-

And when he got home.

-Debbie said you aren't living in the house? Will Santon is going to call you-

-Sea and sky-

I'd replaced my beautiful platinum diamond navel ring with the fake one I'd bought when I got the piercing. I returned Jonathan's through Yvonne, who had spent a lunch warning me about connections between BDSM and abuse, had left it in his office when no one was looking. The next morning, his nine a.m. text read:

-I'll hold this for you-

He was so confident I would come back, and all he had to do was wait. It made me crazy. I wrote songs about how crazy he made me, scrawled on the backs of napkins or on my forearm while I raced down the freeway. I wrote verses about his eyes and choruses on his voice. I wanted to exorcise him through music, but I feared I was doing nothing more than keeping the burn in my belly alive.

CHAPTER 3.

MONICA

The restaurant seemed specifically designed to attract entertainment industry types, like an oddly shaped orchid meant for the attentions of a specific species of insect. It was packed at lunch with agents and executives in suits, feeling up writers and artists for their commerciality and ass-fuckability.

I hummed to myself in the bathroom as I looked in the mirror for something to fix. I was fine, wearing two loose braids, a black dress, big stinking shoes, mascara. I'd even filed my nails. I was there to meet Eddie Milpas, and I looked better than fine. I looked fantastic.

When I walked back into the restaurant, he was being seated. I gave him my sterling silver customer service smile and sat when the waiter moved my chair. The window by our table overlooked the marina. On that windy November day, the boats swayed as if they were on a keyboard, playing scales.

"It's nice to see you again," he said. "I ordered appetizers, The calamari is fantastic."

"That's great."

Eddie said, "So, I wanted to talk about what we're looking for and what you have for us." I nodded. "Jerry brought me your scratch cut a week ago, and I didn't listen to it until the night before I saw you at Frontage. And when I did, I couldn't believe you pulled it off. That song is a hit, Miss Faulkner. Not to be crass, but it has money written all over it."

My smile went from customer service to nervous and uncontrollable. "I'm happy you like it."

"I may need you to rerecord it with the right production value added."

"I have another song I'd like to do."

"We...meaning me and Harry Enrich, the president of Carnival...we really want that one."

Two glasses of white wine came. He looked at me over his glass as took a sip. He had nice marble green eyes and brown hair. I may have taken a second look at him ages ago, before Jonathan. But for now, I was stuck. Temporarily, I reminded myself. Other men would appear, or none. Didn't matter.

I placed my glass on the tablecloth, letting it make a wet crescent in the fabric. "Actually, that song's no longer available."

"Did you sell it?"

"No. It's just unavailable."

He tapped the edge of his glass. "This have to do with the person you were writing about?"

Eddie had seen me with Jonathan at the club. And Jonathan was aware that Eddie had heard the song. So it wasn't as general a question as it seemed.

I wasn't concerned with the existence or performance of the song. It could be played off as a metaphor or a story. Once my past with Jonathan, and his reputation, came into play, the song became about me and what I did in the bedroom. That meant that under Eddie's gaze, at a meeting about my career, I felt naked and vulnerable. I felt his eyes slipping the dress off my body and his inexpert hands experimenting with pain.

"Look," he said, "the BDSM thing is really hot right now, and we're looking to capitalize. We're going all in with the marketing. You'll be an icon. Tall, beautiful woman in black leather, belting that thing out. We have more kinky songs ready to go, but no performer with real experience who can pull it off. I mean, the whole thing will fall apart on the Today Show if our singer uses the wrong phrase, right?"

The intensity of his imagination squeezed my lungs, forcing out the air. Everything I feared was happening, right then, and I hadn't prepared myself for anxiety so strong that every coherent thought ran from my mind like brown specks running from a kicked anthill.

"The song isn't available," was all I could say.

He smiled with his perfect teeth and twinkling eyes. "You'll figure it out. When you do, I'm pretty sure we can sign you." He slipped the menus from the side of the table and handed me one. "You should try the yellowtail. It comes with artichokes that will knock your socks off."

He opened his menu and pretended to look at it, but I knew he was wondering what I looked like on my knees, bound and gagged, legs spread, cunt wet and waiting for him. I pushed the image from my mind and just ordered the yellowtail.

As if feeling my discomfort, Eddie changed the subject. We talked about my plans for my musical future. I made up a bunch of stuff. Making plans was impossible when I had to take every opportunity that presented itself. Except this one. I had to turn this boat around. I had to go from Bondage Girl to something else, but I didn't know what, and I didn't know how. He seemed damned determined to stay on uptrending sexual fetishes as my brand. The more I engaged him on it, the more he'd expect me to say yes and the more I'd convince myself I was nothing more than a bound, spread-eagled f**ktoy in his mind.

I didn't want him to know I'd broken it off with Jonathan. I was unprotected without him-sexually available and emotionally vulnerable. Before Eddie had a chance to offer coffee, I used my job as an excuse to get the hell out of there.

I went through my shift at the Stock confused, panicked, and anxious. I put on my smile, made witty repartee when necessary, and delivered drinks as if I had twinkles in my toes, but I felt the rock in my chest go from still and heavy to vibrating. Not in a good way. In a painful way. The hum was the sound of regret. I had a chance at a career move, and I was going to lose it because it was the wrong one. Because I wasn't the audience's f**ktoy any more than I was Jonathan's. I'd walked away from him to protect my non-existent career, and it had careened out of control.

At the end of my shift, I flipped through my tickets, closed out my money, and handed the open tables to Mandy.

"Real bitch on five," I said. "Watch the salt in her cucumber cosmos. She has a 'condition,' and her untimely death is going to become your fault. Henrietta Sevion is by the pool. She's on the phone, so just bring her wine and smile. Renaldo Rodriguez is on the corner with a f**king entourage of blondes. I have no advice."

Mandy cracked her gum one last time and gently spit it into a napkin. "You're grumpy."

Robert, who seemed to hear everything no matter who he was serving at the bar, said, "Needs a drink." He nodded to me. "Want something before you go?"

"No, thanks." His offer was tempting, but it was nine o'clock, and I still had work to do. "Where's Debbie?"

"Office." Robert flipped a bottle as a prelude to wiping it down. "Can you tell her to hurry on the schedule? I have an audition this week."

"Nope. She hates when we nag about it, so I'm not going to do it for you. I'm asking her for time off, and then I'm going home."

Mandy poured the mixers for the drinks on her tray. "Oh yeah? Going somewhere for Thanksgiving?"

"Vancouver the week after."

"Ah that thing you're doing with both your ex-boyfriends? Which you don't think is weird?"

"It's not weird unless you make it weird. The piece, you should see it. It's going to make me famous." I wagged my finger at her. The piece had to make me famous. I could be Art Girl instead of Bondage Girl. I could do abstraction. The Vancouver piece gave me a gem of hope in the seven acres of shit I'd slogged through with Eddie. Mandy rolled her eyes and went to serve Renaldo Rodriguez and his blonde entourage.

I'd just gotten a passport. It had just come in the mail, Kevin and Darren had to go to the B.C. Mod without me to take meetings and do the setup. Letting my passport expire was a stupid oversight on my part, and I promised I wouldn't let it happen again. I would be fully present for every step from then on.

I went into the guts of the hotel to the liquor room, where Debbie's unobtrusive little office sat. When I got to her door, I heard two voices: hers and one male, talking seriously. I knocked. Usually Sam was in there with her, as if she owned the hotel and he worked for her, not the other way around.

"Come in," called Debbie.

I opened the door and saw Debbie first, leaning on the window ledge. Then I had the wind knocked out of me.

Jonathan sat in her leather chair in his work clothes. Blue suit, striped shirt, red cufflinks. He looked at me like the first time, when I felt as if he was drinking me through the straw of his gaze. But back then, though I'd been celibate, I had something for his eyes to drink: a piqued sexuality and availability in my heart that I didn't realize existed until he'd awakened it. When I saw him in Debbie's office, I felt emotionally dehydrated and sexually bloodless.

"I'll come back later," I said and spun on my heel before I heard the answer.

He caught me in the liquor room, by a stack of boxes piled eight feet high. "Monica." His voice was so gentle I couldn't ignore it. I turned. "Hey. How are you?"

"I'm fine." My voice sounded out of tune and ill-played. He looked perfect, well rested and fed, as though my absence had had no effect on him at all.

"You look good." He stood three feet away. Why could I feel the heat from his body? How was his gaze so physical on me?

"Thanks. You too." He wasn't moving away. Just standing. I couldn't even look at him. "I get your texts," I said.

"I know," he whispered and raised his hand, his fingertip touching my sleeve. "You can go in to talk to Debbie. I'll wait out here. You're at work. I don't want you to be uncomfortable."

My laugh was a gunshot on a yesterday's bloody battlefield, so short and awkward that I cast my gaze up to see if he'd noticed. His eyes, tourmaline with blue flecks I'd see if I got close enough, had that bemused look, as though nothing happened in his purview that he hadn't predicted, and the hurt I'd caused myself was simply something I had to get control over.

Until that look, I hadn't wondered, or even thought about, who he was f**king now. But with his heat on me and under the pressure of his presence, I had to ask myself if he breathed her name at the height of his pleasure, if he touched her with all the violence and tenderness he'd touched me with.

"Thanks," I said. "I'll be out in a minute."

Debbie had moved behind her desk. She'd been looking older lately. I'd been led to believe her real age was thirty-eight, but that was never discussed. "Sit," she said.

I stood. I didn't need to stay long. I didn't want to keep Jonathan waiting outside. The thought of him existing on the other side of the wall was painful.

"I need these days off." I handed her a slip of paper. She checked it against the calendar on her desk.

"This should be fine." She looked back up at me. "How are you doing?"

"All right."

"Really?"

"Yes."

She leaned back in her chair and indicated the leather chair where Jonathan had been sitting. Anyone who hadn't been attuned to his lingering smell might have missed it. "You took it seriously, didn't you?"

I sucked my lower lip between my teeth and nodded.

"I told you not to," Debbie said.

"Yeah, I kinda forgot."

"Understandable. Just keep it together on the floor. Yes?"

"I'll be a woman of grace."

Debbie looked at the schedule again. "Thursday, Doreen needs to leave at ten. Can you do half a shift?"

"That's Thanksgiving."

"Do you have plans?"

I shrugged. "I can be here."

She scribbled my name in the schedule and dismissed me.

When I went back out into the liquor room, Jonathan was gone. I didn't know whether to be relieved or sad.

CHAPTER 4.

JONATHAN

I don't know what I must have looked like to her. She looked more feral, hungry, and proud than she ever had. On edge, too. I knew if I touched her, she'd calm down. If I put my lips on her face, her breathing would slow. If I put my body close to hers, she'd stop twitching.

But I had to wait. She had to come to me. And she would.

Even as we stood outside arm's distance of each other, I felt the space between us mold into something perfectly matched. I'd thought she was on edge, but the fact was, I hadn't felt right since she rode away in that cab. Two weeks had stretched out into an endless horizon. I was on a path getting smaller in the distance, but always staying the same in reality. She chose to walk away, and she would have to choose to come back. I was a patient man. I could wait, but I didn't have to like it.

"What are you going to do with her?" Debbie asked after I let Monica leave without seeing me again.

"Wait like a good boy."

"How long?"

"I don't know. Why?

"Because you're here, talking to me about bulk ordering liquor and borrowing staff, when you have a bar manager to liaison with me." She waved her hand dismissively. "Go run your empire."

I threw myself into the leather chair. "What if the bar manager at K is a douchebag?"

"You're saving me from a douchebag? Have we met?"

"In fact-"

"Did I not help you get through that nightmare with your ex-wife?"

"You were a godsend."

"So stop bullshitting me. You come during her shifts and stay with Sam and me in the back, or you come after her shifts to drink at the bar. How long are you going to wait?"

"You want an exact date?"

"I want an event. Something that has to happen."

"Fine. When I meet someone as close to perfect as she is."

"Better start looking, my friend. She's already moved on."

"What does that mean?" I leaned forward. I felt myself getting pissed as the bottom dropped out of my chest.

"It means if there's not someone else already, there will be soon. I can see it when she talks to customers."

Debbie was always right about people. Usually, that was beneficial. Today, it was a problem. Today, I wanted to hurt someone, starting with myself. I left before Sam even got there. I could drink at home.

My phone rang as I turned onto my street. Margie.

"What?"

"Good evening to you too, little brother."

"What can I do for you, Margie?"

"You have Will Santon's team flying to Vancouver to watch Kevin Wainwright?"

Before I left the Stock, I'd called Will to let him know Monica's travel dates. I had his team following Kevin, to make sure Monica was safe from him, as well as tracking the money behind the cameras in her house. He said he was close to finding out where they came from, as if I didn't already know.

"Yes?"

"Has it occurred to you I might need to use him?"

"To do what? Have some movie producer followed to his mistress's house?"

"What's the difference?"

"The difference is a few million everyone involved can afford, and someone I care about getting hurt. Physically and irrevocably hurt." I was yelling. That wasn't going to get me anywhere.

"You know, Jonny, I don't mind you getting paranoid and crazy, but you're doing it on my dime."

"You're an attorney. You're protected. If I get caught stalking, I fry. I'll write you a check if you can't afford to feed the kids this week."

"Now you're getting nasty."

"Margie, sweetheart, please."

"I gotta pull him, Jonny. I'm sorry."

"Fine. Thanks for letting me know." I hung up.

Things were not going well. My patience with Monica was wearing thin. I hadn't considered her casting around for a new lover so soon. The thought of it made my fingers go cold. Will's inability to trace the cameras before he got pulled, a mere week before Monica was going to Vancouver with that sicko, pushed me out of rational thought and into a place of frozen rage. The situation was getting more slippery than I could manage.

Then I saw Jessica's Mercedes SUV in my driveway, and I thought I might break something. Aling Mira must have let her in before retiring for the night with Danilo.

My ex-wife sat on the back patio sipping coffee from a silver pot that had been on our wedding registry. I hated that thing. I thought about packing up all the shit of ours I hated and giving it to charity.

"Jess," I said, "how are you?"

She put her hand on my shoulder and kissed my cheek. Just one cheek, not a double air kiss. Somehow, that seemed more intimate.

"I'm fine." She wore perfectly fitting blue jeans, cowboy boots, a white shirt, and a bandana around her neck. I used to find her country girl airs charming. She was raised deep in Beverly Hills, where tourists got lost looking for Olympic Boulevard. "I came to talk about something. I thought you'd be here this time of night, but well, I guess not. And my appointments keep getting pushed."

I sat down. "If you came here to fight, Jess, I don't have the time."

"No. Of course not. I, uh... There were guys doing renovations to my studio? New plumbing? And I was confused."

"There's lead in those pipes-"

"I was just worried you were getting it ready to sell it."

"I'll let you make an offer if it comes to that."

"I can't, Jon. You know that."

"You didn't sell the trees?"

"I did. I got two million each for them, and the documentation was bought by the museum. But they cost a fortune. Keeping a dead thing alive takes a lot of engineering."

I nodded. Jessica's problem had always been that the cost and ambition of her work didn't quite jibe with what she could ask for it. She didn't have Kevin Wainwright's way of turning something that didn't exist into money. Art, for her, wasn't about money, or professionalism, or business. Art was about art. I used to love the purity of her vision.

"You could make smaller things," I said. "And more of them. Just an idea."

She looked away. She didn't know what I was talking about. She said, "Remember when you first took me in that way? Right there, by the shed. You pulled my hair back and bent me over the wet bar. Then you yanked my pants down and hit me."

"I slapped your ass. Yes, I remember. I didn't exactly know what I was doing at that point."

"I was offended."

"You were scandalized." I was surprised to find myself smiling. Only in hindsight did how outraged she'd been seem funny. At the time, I was guilt-ridden and devastated over her reaction. "I believe you called me a pig and moved to a guest room on the other side of the house."

"And you-"

"I jerked off. Do you have a point here? We've covered this."

Her tone got hard, as if she feared I'd interrupt again. "You persisted, and I never considered your way. I never gave it a chance. Even when I was trying to reconcile, I still wouldn't try things your way. I don't think I was fair to you." She smoothed a nonexistent crease in her jeans. It was the only crack in her poise.

"This because Erik left?"

She shook her head. "He's back, sort of. We're talking, but I can't stop thinking about you... and kissing you again. You always knew how to kiss."

I leaned back. Was she really going there? Was she really going to offer me my married life back with a little kink thrown in? Did she honestly think I'd take her back? I should have kicked her out right then, but something else was in play. Some other motivation I had to tease out.

"And you're saying you want to try it my way?"

"I want to." She looked me with those big sapphire disks, wheaten lashes blinking. She was so beautiful. Angelic, even. "We'd need to set some boundaries beforehand."

Boundaries. The whole act was about tightly controlled boundaries, and she presented them as if they'd be concessions by me toward her. It was bullshit. The whole conversation. Her whole sudden pursuit of me. She was hiding something, and if she stayed tightly wrapped up, prim and proper, she'd never reveal it.

"No," I said. "My way. Right now. Then you tell me if you can take it."

She bit her lip. I didn't know what to hope for, but the longer she waited, the clearer my plan became.

"Okay," she said softly.

I didn't move. Not a blink or a hair. "That's 'okay, sir.'"

"Doesn't that seem a little silly?"

"You want to do this or not?"

"Yes, sir." A nervous smile played on her lips. Part of me would have loved to wipe it off with my dick. The rest of me didn't want to touch her.

"Stand up."

She stood, leaning on one foot and jutting her hip out, hands on her waist. All attitude. It would take some poor soul ages to train the woman.

"Unbutton your shirt."

She stuck her tongue in her cheek and swung her narrow hips, unbuttoning as though she was in a strip show.

"Stop trying to look saucy. This is a functional matter and not for your pleasure."

Oh, the look on her face. I don't think I could have forgotten it. When she told every mutual friend we had that I wanted to beat her and take away her right to say no, when she told them I had rape fantasies and that I hated women, she'd had no idea. The damage I could have done-but wouldn't have-wasn't to her body.

She unbuttoned her shirt completely and started to take it off.

"Stop."

I could have told her how I wanted her to stand, how I wanted her to look, where her hands belonged, but it would have been a waste of my time. I got behind her and untied the bandana on her neck.

"This is what it is," I whispered in her ear. "This is the kind of sex you're agreeing to."

As I slipped off the bandana, I considered binding her at the elbows like I'd done with Monica the night she got her voice back. But Monica could handle it. Even though I told Jessica I was going to show her what she was agreeing to, in all its pain and messiness, I had no intention of doing so. It would probably damage her psyche forever. Then she'd call the cops. Mostly, I really didn't want to put my dick anywhere near her. I did, however, want to figure out what she wanted.

"Put your hands behind your back."

She turned her head when she "obeyed." Jesus Christ. Two commands and she'd exasperated the hell out of me. I never would have felt an ounce of control with her.

"Face forward, Jess."

I didn't tie her at the elbows. The wrists would have to do. I moved around to face her. Her open shirt showed off her white cotton bra and flat stomach. Her shoulders drooped. I couldn't have tied her hands more comfortably, yet she looked awkward. "How does that feel?"

"Okay so far," she said. "A little weird."

"What's weird?"

"Jon, seriously? What's not weird? I'm standing here with my shirt open and my hands tied behind my back."

"Is your cunt wet?"

"Do you have to be vulgar?"

I stood close enough for her to feel me whisper. "Yes. It's about communication. It's about saying what you want and don't want, clearly, and sometimes with a filthy mouth. So let me get you on board with what you just agreed to." I kicked her legs open. I righted her when she almost fell, but the annoyance on her face made me want to drop her. "The answer to my question is, 'No, sir. I'm not wet. This sucks.' I'll tell you I don't care how much this sucks for you. Then I'll prove it.

"I'll undo your jeans. I'll pull them down to the middle of your thighs so it's hard to walk. You'll be uncomfortable, and that will please me. Then I'll get behind you, and I'll grab a handful of your hair at the back of your head and bend you over that table. I'll take off my belt, loop it once, and slap it across those sweet white cheeks until you're pink as a rose and your face is covered with tears. I'll stop when I can stick two fingers in your cunt and feel how sopping wet you are. Then I'll f**k you until you beg me to let you come, which I may or may not let you do. That going to work for you?"

The color had drained from her face.

"Didn't think so," I said, stepping away.

"Do it," she whispered.

"Jess, really."

"Do it! Start with the hair. Or the pants. Whatever."

"No."

"Do it!" she said.

"Stop, Jess."

"Are you a f**king man? Or do you just beg and cry for what you can't have? Is that how you get off?"

I threw her over the table. She fell onto it, bending at the waist with a grunt, ass out and arms bound by her own scarf. God, how many times I wanted to hear her grunt, to cut through the thick layers of refinement and find a woman past careful words. The woman I met so many years ago, before she'd built her walls.

I stuck my knee between her thighs and yanked the hair at the base of her neck. Her mouth hung open, and her chest heaved. She wasn't aroused, that I could tell, and I didn't care.

"Choose a safeword, Jessica."

"Do we need-?"

"Question me again and I'm f**king your ass so hard you won't be able to sit."

I almost heard her teeth grinding. "Declan," she said.

"Interesting choice.. Avoid it all and tell me what you really want, coming here. I'll stop for either the safeword or that, but nothing else until I'm satisfied."

I undid my belt after turning her head so she could watch me snap it out of the loops. I put her cheek to the glass. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught sight of a sharp triangle of white porcelain by the chair leg. One of the broken plates had missed the broom the morning after I made Monica recite "Invictus."

"No yelling, Jess." I shifted to her side, still holding her hair and my belt. "No crying. Do you understand?"

"Yes," she whispered so softly, she was barely audible.

I hit the edge of the table with a smack of my belt. She jumped at the sound.

"Yes, what?"

"God, Jon-" I hit her ass. The belt landed with a satisfying thwack. She stiffened and ground her teeth. "It hurts. You're hitting me."

"You asked for it, Jess." I pulled her hair in my fist. "And that's, 'It hurts, sir.'" I laid into her ass again, and she yanked her head, making a sound like a bad brake shoe. "Now tell me what you want."

"I want you."

"Bullshit." I whacked her again. That was three. Too many. And I wasn't holding back much. They had to hurt. "This started a month ago. You chased Erik away. Why?"

"You."

I pulled back my arm, yanking her hair She screamed.

"Fuck, Jess. Stop lying!"

I pulled her hair and looked in her face. Her cheeks were wet with streams of mascara-colored tears. Her lower lip quivered. I had been a white hot ball of anger. If I had been thinking, I would have stopped. A dom should never, ever have an ounce of anger in his heart when spanking a sub. That wasn't fun. That wasn't all right. But between losing Will's services and Debbie's advice about Monica, I wasn't functioning. I was a panting, heaving mess looking into my ex-wife's tear-filled eyes.

"You used to have such a tender heart," she said through her sobs. "Do you remember when I miscarried? You took me to the hospital, and you were joking the whole way? Trying to make me laugh. But when we got there, you were crying. And you fell asleep in the chair next to me with your head on the bed."

"What do you want, Jessica?"

"I want to go home."

I pulled her up and untied her. She was miserable from the experience, and so was I. She wasn't ready for something that hard, even if she'd had any proclivity in that direction, and I wasn't sexually stirred in the least.

"Go take Erik back. He's good for you." I handed her back her bandana. "You know the way out."

I didn't look back when I went through the house, bolted up the stairs, and closed my bedroom door.

My god. Three strokes. That was stupid.

CHAPTER 5.

MONICA

Working with Kevin and Darren had been intense, and I was grateful for the distraction from my beaten wreckage of a love life. We fought. We drank. We made music and art. I brought my pain to the table, using it to color and nuance a work of art that was basically about heartbreak, loss, and grief.

When we'd had breakthroughs, I couldn't have been more content. And then, one day, we realized we'd done it. Though plenty of it could use a tweak or ten, the piece was generally finished and not a minute too soon.

Standing in the center of the draft room, listening to my viola playing Kevin's lullaby, forty some odd tracks of my voice in wordless harmony, over Darren's techno thumping, I laughed. I felt drunk, melancholy, miserable, high, blissed. For two weeks, I'd cried every night and put on a customer service smile every day, but when I worked with the guys, I was myself.

When the thing was finished and photographed, we lounged around on a circle of couches in Kevin's backyard and drank cheap beer out of the bottle. Darren and Kevin had gotten wrapped tighter than the old amp cords at the bottom of a duffel. They called each other when they weren't working. As far as I knew, Kevin was still into women, and Darren was at least marginally involved with Adam, but I often felt like a third wheel to a marriage of kindred souls.

Kevin made broad intellectual pronouncements. Darren shot him down. Kevin pulled reasoning from the rubble. Darren told him he was full of shit. Over and over. By the time we'd documented every track, sound, and scrap of material in the piece, the two of them had become white noise.

I hadn't gotten over seeing Jonathan looking so hale the other day. So polite. "I don't want you to be uncomfortable." Asshole. But my meeting with Eddie had hardened my resolve. I never, ever wanted people looking at me like that in a meeting, and the only way to change it was to lose the song and Jonathan. I had to do what I'd been trying to do for two years: focus on my career.

"Earth to Planet Mon," said Darren, waving his beer around.

"Yeah." I barely snapped out of it.

"Happy Thanksgiving."

"National Orphan Feelbad Day," I said. We clinked bottles and drank.

"Did you get a flight to BC?" Darren asked.

"Yeah," I replied. Darren and Adam were going a day early to hang out in Vancouver. "Same plane as Kev."

"And your passport?" Kevin pushed his longish black hair back for a second, lowered his hand, and it flopped below his eyes again.

"Done. Do you need me here for the breakdown and pack up tomorrow?"

"No way," Kevin said, worrying the label on his beer bottle. "Pros do that. They'll have it boxed by noon and at the B.C. Mod in a week. We just show up to put it all together and look pretty for the preview exhibit. Black tie. All rich guys. Just like you like them."

"Fuck off."

"Agreed." Darren stood and took a last swig from his beer. "I gotta blow."

"So to speak," I shot back.

"Hilarious. See you on the couch."

"You're joking," Kevin said. "You're still sleeping on this ass**le's couch?"

"If it happened to you, you'd feel uncomfortable and violated too."

"The P.I. said the cameras were gone."

"But I don't know who put them there. Once I know, I'll go back."

"And how are you going to know?" Kevin asked. "I mean, you dumped the guy who hired the P.I."

They couldn't see my face go fire-engine red in the dark, which was just as well. They knew I'd split with Jonathan but not why. Kevin had a point, and Darren and I had gone over it all a hundred times. I should have told my mother to sell the place. Just pull it from under me. It wasn't like I'd ever call it home again.

"On that note-" Darren tossed his bottle in the recycling. "This city's bouncing with parties in honor of National Day After Thanksgiving Day, and I'm being dragged to the g*y half of them."

"Hey, wait!" Kevin said. "You guys have to sign the copyright papers." He ran inside, and he came back out again as if they'd been right by the door. After setting a stack of papers on the crapped out old bar he'd salvaged from an empty lot, he handed Darren a pen. "Right here."

"Dude, you got me signing papers by candlelight." Darren put his face nose-close to the page, and Kevin laughed. Darren signed. I got up and did the same. I felt as though we were sealing a deal, probably because I was half tipsy, and the outdoor space, candlelit and cool, added a coat of profundity to the proceeding.

"To us-," Kevin held his beer aloft. "The Nameless Threesome." We clicked bottles to our collaborative name. We were a cooperative, the future of creation, the new trend in authorship. Collaborators. Teams. Kevin had seen the trend and made sure he was a part of it. Kevin was a visionary, even to the detriment of his own ego.

It had been fun. More fun than I'd anticipated, and for the first time in weeks, I didn't feel anxious and alone.

When Darren left, Kevin held up his bottle. "Another?"

"I have to be at work at nine-thirty."

He handed me another anyway. "This is a small show, but it was a good idea. I'm glad we did this."

"Yeah. It was good. And I've never been that far north."

"You're smart, Monica, and you get it. You get what it is to make art I've been meaning to say something to you."

"You're not going to get maudlin on me, are you?" I leaned my elbows on the bar behind me, bottle dangling from one hand. The beer was going to my head.

"I was wrong. The way I treated you. Calling you Tweety Bird. Marginalizing you. I denied the world your beauty, and it was wrong to you and the world." He stroked my cheek with his thumb. I was slow to react, and if I was being honest with myself, the human contact felt nice. He leaned in, his nose close to my cheek, and I caught his malt and chocolate smell. "You were right to leave."

"Kevin, I-"

He put his full lips to mine, and my body responded by twisting. He held me. His tongue tasted of beer. I pushed him away.

"I can't."

"Why?" His face found my neck. I recoiled, hating that I was so hungry to be touched but only by one person.

"I'm in love with someone. It wouldn't be fair to you."

He clamped both sides of my face. "I'll live with it."

When he went to kiss me again, I scrunched up my eyes and lips, shaking my head. He held me fast. I did not like it. The sweetness of being touched was gone, replaced by a feeling of violation, like control of my body was being taken from me. I panicked.

"Kevin, no!"

"Do you need a safeword?"

"What?" When I tried to pull away, he clamped his arms around me and shoved his knee between my legs, spreading them.

"Monica," he said with effort as I wiggled. "Calm down. What's the-"

I bit his shoulder, hard. He screamed, and when he pulled away, my teeth still had him. Skin broke. Blood soaked through his shirt. Faster than an insult, I felt a hard impact on my face, and I lost my bearings from the slap.

He wore an expression both shocked and ferocious. I swung a full bottle of beer at it. The bottle didn't break, but it hit his temple with a thok. I lost my grip, and inertia pulled the bottle out of my hand and onto the ground. It landed at my feet in a sunburst of suds.

Kevin was crouched, holding his bleeding head. I didn't know whether to help him or run away. I was shocked into inaction until he came at me. Then I ran.

I ran into the studio, through the kitchen and his workroom, past the installation in its finished form, down the hall, and out the door. When I got to the front, where my car was parked, the metal front door didn't slam right away. He was right behind me, his gorgeous face smeared with blood.

"Kevin. Stop!"

He didn't stop. He grabbed my arm and threw me against my Honda.

Fuck.

My keys were in the studio.

I swung. He ducked. I had my opening. I ran down the block and didn't stop until I heard music.

CHAPTER 6.

MONICA

Like any self-respecting Angelino, I kept my phone in my pocket. The party I'd found was hopping with kegs and disorganized bottles on a paper-covered table. Art covered the warehouse walls, some of the silkscreens tilted from encounters with drunken partiers.

I called work when I found a quiet corner..

"Hi, Debbie? I can't make it tonight. Something happened."

"What's 'something'?"

"It's personal."

"If you're screwing my girls over, I get to know why."

I didn't want to go through the whole thing. I'd already shown my manager enough unprofessional behavior. "I left my car keys behind a locked door. I'm trying to get my roommate on the phone, but he's not picking up. I don't think he'll get here in time to get me to work."

She sighed and covered the phone to talk to one of the staff. "Where are you? I'll send Robert."

Shit. I could feel my face throbbing where Kevin had hit me. I couldn't go to work like that. "No, Debbie. I'm sorry. I didn't tell the whole thing. I was in a fight. I'm not presentable."

"Stop arguing and text me where you are."

She hung up.

My face was throbbing with the bump of the music. The warehouse space had been coopted for the night by German Benefactors, an artist's cooperative just starting to make waves. The place was huge, and packed, and smelling of piss where it was dark. Though two outstanding DJs had been hired, no one had thought to bring in a Port-a-Potty.

So I was forced out into the light, clutching some reddish drink, putting the cold plastic up to my face, avoiding people I might know.

Which didn't work. Ute Graden, a struggling actress of German descent with naturally white hair, found me sitting on a cinderblock wall by the street, watching my phone and the road for Robert. She and her four friends milled around, sipping, laughing, and talking about their work and dreams. They were part of my crowd. My world, and I felt so out of it.

Ute and I made small talk about our careers, where I mentioned nothing about a song I had to pull from Carnival because I'd promised my ex-lover I would.

"What happened to your face?" she asked.

"Fell on some bad sidewalk. Fucking Frogtown's falling apart."

"Looks nasty."

"Hurts, too. Hey, what ever happened with that indie film you were doing? About the prostitute with the kids?"

"Ran out of money, like, midway through. I'm 'on call' but...oh hello."

She was looking over my shoulder. I followed her gaze, and once a crowd of boys in turned caps and low-slung skinny jeans passed, I saw Jonathan across the street, waiting for cars to pass.

"Oh, f**king f**kery," I said.

"Yeah. Head to toe. That's a man."

"If nothing else." God damn you, Debbie. You are such a yenta. What was her deal? Was she my boss or my mother? I was going to have to have an honest, respectful, non-job-losing conversation with her.

As he strode across the street, I saw what Ute saw. He had on simple trousers and a sweater with a leather jacket. In contrast to the rest of the men at the party, who spent hours looking as though they didn't care what they wore, Jonathan looked neat and put together, as if he cared. He was tall and lean and straight, with his hair brushed back off his forehead. He owned the world and everything in it. The difficulty of staying away from him was so past his looks, so past any single physical attribute, and fell into a new, undefined category of "right."

I set my back straighter and tilted my chin up. I thought Debbie would send Robert, but instead I'd have to pretend I was fine and my face wasn't pounding.

"He's coming over here," said Ute, brushing her hair flat.

"He's my ride," I said.

Her eyebrows arched.

I paused. Jonathan liked blondes, if his wife was any indication. Ute was beautiful. She'd do well with him.

I thought about adding a short explanation. Maybe 'I'm in love with him, but I left him' or 'he was my lover, boyfriend, master, king...' None of it worked, and by the time I came up with 'we were together for a while,' he was upon us.

"Hey," he said, and that voice went right into my gut and ripped stuff out.

I stood up. "Jonathan, this is my friend, Ute." She had on a smile that wrapped around her face like a gag.

"Hi." He looked at Ute briefly, then back to me. "What happened?"

"I fell. What are you doing here? Is Debbie being a yenta?"

"I happened to be at the bar, and she couldn't spare anyone."

"On Thanksgiving? You don't have sisters to invite you to dinner?"

"Dinner ended at eight, and the kids went to bed. Where did you fall?"

"On my face." I hadn't seen a mirror yet, but his expression worried me. Was I going to the Vancouver opening with a big stinker on my cheek?

He turned to Ute. "It was nice meeting you." Nothing about his voice was nice. He put his hand on my back, between the shoulder blades, and guided me toward the street. It was a possessive gesture, and he had no business making it. When we were far enough away from the party, I shrugged off his hand.

"Sorry, Jonathan. I wish she hadn't sent you."

"Why?"

"You know why."

"Tell me about your face now. And the truth this time."

The party had street spillage, sending pockets of people onto the sidewalk and neighboring lots. The light industrial district thrived on those parties, but Jonathan and I were constantly getting bumped and shifted by gaggles of half-drunk hipsters.

"Can you just take me home?" I smelled his leather jacket, his cologne, the Jameson on his breath. He stood inches from me. If I just leaned forward, I could kiss him.

"Where's your car?" he asked.

"Kevin's."

"What happened?" His voice was tight as a bowstring, and his posture matched.

I felt the pressure of a big fat cry push out my lower lip, squeeze tears from my eyes, and steal breath from my lungs. "I hate it that I break up with you twice, and both times you show up in a crisis and I get upset."

"What happened?"

"I fell." My voice cracked mid-sob.

"You look like you fell on someone's fist."

"It was actually more of a really hard slap, but you should see him. He looks really bad."

Jonathan blinked. Slowly. "What happened?"

I didn't answer. He put his hands on my shoulders and, as if by force of will, removed all anger and judgment from his expression. It only made me cry harder.

"Fuck you."

"What happened?"

"He wanted..." I broke down. How could I tell Jonathan that I missed being touched by a man, by him, so I let something happen I should have stopped? Or why I was blaming myself when I hadn't done anything? "He kissed me, and I bit him. Then he hit me. I hit him with a bottle and ran, and my car and keys are at his place. And you're not supposed to be here witnessing this, so I do not feel guilty at all."

I tried to read his expression, but it was hard to see through my tears. He slipped one of those freaking hankies out of his pocket, and I snapped it away before he could tell me to blow.

"It's my fault," I said.

"Really?"

"Yeah. You said not to be alone with him, and I should have listened. You said he wanted to hurt me, and here I am. Now I don't know how I'm supposed to go to Vancouver with him."

"Where was Darren while you were getting beat up?"

"Parties. It's the biggest night of the year."

He put his arms around me, and I fell into him, putting my cheek to his shoulder, my face to his neck. He felt right. So right. So warm and gentle. That was the touch I'd wanted when I let Kevin near me. I'd gotten it so wrong. I felt a tightening on my ass, then a tickle. He'd slipped my phone from my pocket.

"What are you doing?" I grabbed for the phone, but he held it high, tapping and dragging until a map appeared. He'd found Kevin's address.

He handed me the phone. "Stay here with your friends for a minute. I'm going to get your car."

"Jonathan, just take me home. Don't get in a fight."

"A fight?" His voice was tense with control. "You think I'm going to take him behind the gym and punch him? Do I look like an adolescent?"

"No, but-"

"Stop." He put his hands on my face and got close enough to kiss. "You're mine, and I will defend you. But this isn't a movie. You don't destroy someone with a fight. And Monica, I know you walked away from me, but I am going to destroy him nonetheless."

He kissed my forehead and walked toward the studio.

CHAPTER 7.

JONATHAN

I couldn't say exactly how much of the situation could have been avoided if Margie hadn't pulled Will's team, but at the very least, I would have gotten a call when Monica ran out. If I hadn't been at the Stock, she'd probably be begging the bus driver for a free ride back to her hill or crossing Elysian Park to get home. Somalia was safer.

She had to come back to me. Soon. He'd had his lips on her, and I burned from the inside out. I didn't want to get upset about it in front of her. Her lips were mine. Her face was mine. I'd let her go, secure in the knowledge that she'd come back to me. But in the interim, anything could happen with either of us. Though I knew the difference between what was fake and what was real, I couldn't guarantee she made the distinction.

And also, her body was mine, regardless. Mine to kiss. Mine to f**k.

Mine to hit?

The contrast wasn't lost on me. I'd spanked her ass pink with the intention of a harder, rawer f**k. And she wanted it, begged for it. He hit her in anger, on her face, and hard. But what was the difference? When and how did she become a punching bag for the men she was involved with?

Wainwright was two blocks away. I saw her car in the front lot before I saw the building. The poor street lighting left dozens of dark corners and blind turns, but it made it very easy to see that the front door was ajar. Music came from it. A stringed instrument over a hip-hop percussion line that seemed a little bit off. It was disconcerting, all raw nerves and tension.

I pushed open the door and slipped into a narrow hall with doors on either side. Music came from the big room at the end. A voice, layered over and over, with that single stringed instrument and hard percussion. Something was off about it, but it was definitely Monica. I saw her bag half falling off a table in the big room. I grabbed it, and when I turned, I saw the piece.

It stood complete. The sections had been labeled for transport, and the wood packing boxes stood next to it. Like the coalmine, it was a freestanding room with an inside and outside.

It was cut in two by a foot-wide horizontal wound around the circumference. Shingles covered the walls, and the windows, framed in the Craftsman style and broken where the wound intersected them, were painted in gold and silver. Curious, I went inside.

From the inside, the open jaw of wood and plaster in the horizontal cut looked more evil, more hazardous. Detritus spilled everywhere. Broken cinderblocks. Gum-stuck urbanite. Grassrooted clods of parkway. All of it was anonymous, generic, unwanted, ripped out, found but not rescued. On the walls was a huge screen print of an open wound. It could have been any body part, from some ravaging knife fight or a ten-hour surgery; that didn't matter. It was three hundred sixty degrees around, and grotesque. On the other corner was an insect with a mandible and antennae that went around the walls.

Then the music made sense. Monica's voice, her words layered so many times that their syllables and meanings were lost. The strings sounded a little off key and the bass riff was half a millisecond off time, then gradually more, until the core was a disconcerting cacophony that fell back into the correct beat, looping into a false sense of a more permanent rightness. Each corner of the piece accentuated a different vocal layer, and each speaker had a different tone.

"It's good," I said. I knew he was within earshot. "Music's the same inside and out. But you hear it differently."

"Reality's the same inside and outside the relationship." He stood in the doorway, which was too tall for the room. Two people could leave at the same time, but only if one was on top of the other. "Before and after, life sucks. What are you doing here?" The left side of his face was cut and bloody. He held a red-soaked bag of ice to it.

"She did a good job on you," I said. "You deserve worse."

"Come on, man. She's a cocktease."

"Not with me."

"Fine, dude, whatever. What do you want?"

I walked past him and stopped. "Came to get the car. You let her walk out into a dark street alone. I don't know what comes over men like you."

"You know what? Fuck you. You're just another rich guy with ownership issues. Pussy like that's never owned."

I pushed him against the doorframe. The bag of ice dropped, breaking and spreading cubes and shards all over the floor. "You don't-"

He pushed me back. We were evenly matched, physically, so when I pushed him back, we ended up in a lock in a doorway designed for one person, straining against each other, unmoving for our red faces and effort.

I slipped my foot behind his ankle and yanked his leg from under him. We fell, with me on top. I got my knee in his sternum while he was still disoriented. I got lucky. I kept my head. In that millisecond, I looked at that piece of shit and thought, One hard hit to the face, and I have him. Then the voice of reason chimed in. I wouldn't have him. Knocking him senseless would do nothing but give him a headache in the morning. Worse, I'd lose Monica's respect. She expected better of me, and we were too precarious for me to do something temperamental and stupid.

I had to remove him from her life peacefully and permanently.

"Listen to me," I said, out of breath and knowing my upper hand wouldn't last. "I'm going with her to Vancouver. We will both act like gentlemen. You will not speak about her like that to me or anyone else. Do you understand?"

"You don't know her," he choked out.

I dug my knee in his chest. He swiped at me, catching my cheek. "Do you understand or not?" I asked.

"Fuck you."

I stood up. "I'll take that as a yes."

CHAPTER 8.

MONICA

I made sure I was facing the block Jonathan had walked down. He was taking too long. I knew Ute's crowd by sight, name, or both, and under normal circumstances, I would have had a fine time listening to their Hollywood war stories. Broken commitments. Rich executives demanding endless hours of free work. All of the tales laced with hope hope hope.

I didn't mention my meeting with Eddie, or his insinuation that if I'd just release a single song about being a submissive under the beautiful Mr. Drazen, I'd have a deal. A real deal, with a real record label. I just smiled and accepted condolences about Gabby. I talked briefly about the B.C. Mod show as if it was some little project that may or may not actually lead to something. I kept it vague and kept Kevin out of it.

A pressure on my shoulder made me jump. I was still edgy from wrestling with Kevin, but when I turned, it was Jonathan. He had a scratch on his right cheek.

"He's left-handed," I said, pointing at the scratch on his cheek. "You said you wouldn't get physical."

"What are you...?" He touched his face and came back with blood. "Thorn bush. It's dark over there." He held out my bag. "I parked your car around the corner. I'll have Lil drop it to you tomorrow."

"Why can't I just take it?"

"Because I'm driving you home."

"No, Jonathan-"

"I want to talk to you."

He looked as though he had to tell me something, and since he'd just gotten back from Kevin's, I was pretty sure I needed to hear it. I said goodbye to everyone with Los Angeles hugs, promising calls and get togethers that I wanted from the bottom of my heart, but I would never make happen.

He walked me down the block, saying nothing until we got to the Jag. He opened the passenger door for me. I leaned on the car, not ready to commit to letting him drive me home.

"Get in."

I crossed my arms. "What happened at the studio?"

"I saw the piece."

"And?"

"You know it's phenomenal. You don't need me to tell you that. Now get in."

"I don't need to be pushed around twice in one night."

He leaned on the car, one hand on each side of me. "I need to get off this street with its four hundred drunk kids going back and forth from a party." He wasn't touching me. Not even our clothes were touching, but I felt him in a push of desire. I wanted him. My lips, my cunt, even my throbbing face wanted him. When he spoke again, his voice went from his mouth to my heart, lighting it on fire. "I need to speak to you privately."

"I don't want to speak. I want to go home and look in a mirror."

"You bruise easily. Okay? Now get in the car."

My hand went to my face. The skin was numb, with pain underneath it. "It must be awful."

He took my hand and kissed my cheek. It hurt and gave me incredible pleasure at the same time. When he moved his lips from my cheek to my neck, the hurt disappeared and the pleasure increased. "It's not," he whispered.

"Is this a ploy to get me in the car?"

He looked in my eyes, then he kissed my lips, parting them with his tongue. He paused only to say, "Yes."

I gave in to him, his arms resting on either side of my head and closing out the rest of the world. Only in that kiss did I realize how bad the last weeks had been, how much I'd missed him. Not just his physical attention, but his words and gestures, his protection and devotion.

He dragged his lips along my jawline and said, "What do you want, Monica?"

"I want you."

"You want me what?"

"To take me to bed."

"I'm not a toy." He said it while kissing my ear and touching my throat, his erection firm on my belly. He used his most tender voice. "You can't throw me away, then reel me back whenever you feel like f**king."

"Then stop touching me whenever I throw in a line."

He pulled away slowly. "You're right." His eyes scanned mine, and his expression changed, as if he'd realized something. I didn't know if I liked it.

A part of me wanted to reel him back in. It was the part of me that loved him in the first place, naturally. That part wanted to rub against him. That part had watched him walk across the street like a stranger, with all the heated possibilities that implied.

But my brain said "no." My mind was the repository of memory, and in that repository sat Eddie Milpas's suggestion that I become Bondage Girl for the masses, the symbol of their unspoken, unwanted desires. I could sing like a frog, and it wouldn't matter as long as I wore a rich man's collar.

"Let's talk in the car," I said, "but I'm taking myself home."

He paused, and I wanted to fall into his eyes, so close, so piercing. I slipped from under him and into the car.

He shut my door and walked around the front. I was so disappointed in myself. I had left him for good reason. I left him for the same reasons I left Kevin: my life, my career, my work. So how did I end up in the front seat of his car, about to talk about things I didn't want to talk about? How would I handle being in close quarters with him when all he had to do was touch me and I'd fall to pieces? I was weak, and I knew it. That was why I'd left Kevin so sharply. That was why I was celibate for so long. If being in control of my pu**y wasn't an option, at least I could control who I saw and under what circumstances.

As weak as Kevin had made me, and as much as that weakness had made me run from him, it was nothing compared to what Jonathan did to me.

He got in the driver's side, and I closed my eyes. I didn't want to see him or the way the light hit his cheekbones or the taut skin of his jaw. If I could just close off my nose and ears, I'd get out of the car intact.

"Monica," he said, "are you all right?"

"It's been a long night."

"You can't go with him."

"Fuck you, it's my career."

"The masochism's not supposed to leave the bedroom."

"Go to hell." I went for the door handle. He reached across me and grabbed my wrist.

"You're not hearing me. You don't belong near him. It burns a hole in me."

I was entitled to see whomever I wanted for whatever reason I wanted. Jonathan and I were broken up. But I felt guilty for leaving him, and my guilt spoke. "Who was she? In DC? You going to tell me you don't have someone to f**k in every port of call? Tell me about her, and we'll call it even."

He leaned back, letting my wrist go. "Are you serious?"

I shouldn't have asked, because his look wasn't one of denial, but "How dare you ask?" The way he said it, I was sure he'd done some f**king in the past two weeks and it immobilized my heart. When I was a kid, a hole the size of a fist opened up in the middle of our street. Three inches of asphalt dropped into a deep nothingness. It got bigger and bigger, falling into itself until Teddy Ramirez's Toyota got stuck.

My chest had that sinkhole in it. It just fell in on itself, creating a bigger opening into nothingness and sucking the breath out of me. No. That was not good. That was the very definition of awful. I shifted and went for the door. He reached across me again and blocked the handle. "You can't run away every time something gets difficult."

"Jonathan, please, I can't bear the thought of you with someone else." His body was so close to mine, so real. That son of a bitch. Built so right for me and how many others?

"Wait. You think there was someone else?" he asked.

I bit my lip. I didn't know what I thought any more.

"Monica. There's. No. One. Else." He let the handle go and stared at me for a second. "There's only you. You think I'm stupid? You think I can create what we have with another woman? I know the world. I know the people in it. Us? What we have isn't something we made. It's something that existed before we even met."

The sinkhole in my chest reversed itself, like film run backward, from broken to whole.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I shouldn't have asked. It wasn't my business."

"Why did you walk away from me if you still care?" he asked.

"I'm human. It's a terminal condition." I wanted him to kiss me. I wanted his lips, his hands, his tongue, but I couldn't, not when there were so many sensible reasons not to. "I took a meeting with Eddie Milpas. He wants to make me a star, which I'd laugh at coming from anyone else. But it's not funny because he has the power to do it. He wants to put Carnival's muscle behind me. If he does, I'll have everything I ever wanted."

"Monica, that's-"

"He wants the song," I said. Jonathan leaned back, against the door, a rueful smile at his lips. "He's not getting it. I keep my promises, and to be honest, I wish I never wrote that thing. But that's not the rub. He has plenty of songs with kinky lyrics that'll sound great from a girl all dolled up in leather and chains. BDSM is hot right now, apparently, and I'm 'in the know,' so I can pull it off."

I paused, because the image exploded in my mind. "Fuck! I spend a few weeks with you and I'm Bondage Girl. What the f**k am I supposed to do now? Do you know how hard I've worked? Do you know what I've put into this, and to sit across from this guy, and he tells me...wait for it....he tells me that I'm perfect because I'll know what I'm talking about? Who am I? What the f**k?" I slammed the dashboard. "And Kevin, do you know why he forced himself on me? Because he thought I liked it that way. God damn it. Jonathan, what if those cameras were in my house because someone wanted to blackmail you? And I'm getting caught in that net now. This is not what I want.

"I want to sing. I want to make music. I alienated my mother, I sacrificed a hundred other careers, I lost my best friend over it, I practice and work all the time. It's all I think about. It's all I want. But I'm trapped in this kinky thing with you right when all the work could be paying off. This sucks. My career could break any minute. These should be the best days of my life, and I wish I was dead."

I had to stop or I was going to cry, which I didn't want. Crying would derail my whole point. I didn't look at Jonathan because I didn't care what he felt or thought. I didn't want to see his beautiful face because he'd turn me into mush. I looked at my hands in my lap, then out the window at the party.

"I'm sorry," he said.

"I don't blame you. You didn't intend to ruin my life. But I'd really like for it to not get any worse, if that's okay."

We sat in silence. I considered saying goodbye and opening the door, but I couldn't. I considered running before he could catch me, but I couldn't do that either. Instead, I faced him. He rubbed his chin absently and stared into the middle distance.

And then my mouth opened and words came out. "The worst part is, I miss you."

He didn't react, but I did. I turned into stone. Jesus, what was I saying? He was last thing I needed. He was trouble. Six feet two inches of life-damaging trouble in a sweet, tempting motherfucking devil of a package.

He turned to me, as if having decided something. "You and Darren take my plane up to Vancouver. Let me put you up in a hotel."

"No."

"Would you stop making me crazy?"

"You're not hearing me."

"I'm hearing a lot of pain from all quarters. It's going to get worse if you don't let me protect you. When you get back safe, we talk."

"There's nothing to talk about."

"Oh, goddess." He brushed my cheek with the backs of his fingers.

"Don't call me that."

"We have so much to talk about."

I closed my eyes. His touch felt like a boat on still water, leaving ripples in its wake. When would I stop craving him? "I don't want my life ruined."

"Neither do I. But this..." He brushed his hands over my face, bringing my skin to life. "This, I want. I've never wanted anything so badly. I feel your hands on your phone when you read my texts. I go to the Stock after your shifts just to stand where you've stood. I fall asleep on the pillow you used when you were in my bed. I need to share whatever piece of the world you're in. Tell me you don't feel the same."

"You know how I feel," I croaked.

"We can't go backward. You and I are going to figure out how to make this work."

His confidence should have made me hopeful, but it only filled me with dread.

"I want to go home now. Please."

He walked me to my car. When he handed me my keys, dangling them from his fingertips, I had the desire to do what I did when we'd met, what Will Santon had done: overshoot my grasp for a touch. Just a little. But then Jonathan spoke.

"Until we talk, and you get your head on straight, I'm not touching you. You were right. We get reeled in, you and I. We touch and we feel good, and then we land in bed and we forget the basics."

"Talking's not going to fix this."

"Neither is f**king."

I snapped the keys from him. "We can fix us, but we're not going to fix the world, Jonathan."

"The world is full of ass**les." He opened the driver's door for me and closed it when I was safely in.

I lowered the window. "When I met you, I thought you were an ass**le."

He smiled. "You did not."

"I did. A gorgeous ass**le."

His laugh came from deep in his chest. He bit his lip and reached out to cup my cheek but fell half an inch short. "I was an ass**le for making you another conquest." He put his hand in his pocket, and I missed the potential in that almost-touch. "Get out of here, goddess. Get some rest."

When I got back to Echo Park, Darren was out. My face was a little swollen. I made myself an ice pack and went to the couch. I lay there with the TV muted, remembering him. The kiss we shared. His touch, the heat. I slid my hand under my cotton panties, shuddering in anticipation. I wanted to come. I wanted to want to come. I wanted to fall into my filthiest imagination and wrap myself in sexual desire.

But when I touched my opening, I found it unprepared for attention. A little fiddling got me nowhere, and I felt as though I was trying to get music from an instrument I'd never heard of. I pulled my hand away and went into an uneasy sleep.

CHAPTER 9.

JONATHAN

I'd walked her to the car with few words, but not because I had nothing to say. I had plenty to say. In the time it had taken for her to forgive me for destroying her career, I'd thrown a dozen mental balls in the air, and if I spoke, I would have dropped them.

I didn't have compassion for her situation. I had a raw empathy that made me want to hold her and whisper lies of comfort. But it wasn't going to be all right. Things weren't going to go back to normal. The only one way the whole thing would blow over was if she lived a life of obscurity. The recognition and success she'd earned and deserved promised to exacerbate her situation. There was absolutely no chance of people unknowing what they knew, and there was even less chance she'd drop her ambitions to protect her privacy.

If I let her go, the most likely scenario was that she'd swear off men until another dominant appeared. Then she'd fall right back into her submissive role with him.

That was not acceptable.

I had calls to Asia until well into the night. In the morning, after what felt like thirty minutes of sleep, I had Kristin find out when Eddie Milpas would be at the Loft Club. I needed to feel him out. I didn't want to take action based only on Monica's exploding imagination.

CHAPTER 10.

MONICA

I woke at half past eight and stared at Darren's popcorn stucco ceiling. The vertical blinds cast stripes across it, and only when my eyes hurt from looking at their odd symmetry did I get up.

I had an email from Kevin. I was tempted to delete it without reading it, but I was curious. I read on my phone while bleary-eyed and in the bathroom.

Dear Monica,

You're not going to pick up my calls. I know you.

I feel like such a f**kup. I don't care. I'll put it all in writing.

I never knew what I did wrong. I should have damned my pride and waited on your porch until you told me why you left me. Really why. Not because of Tuesday nights. That could only be a symptom of some other disease.

I didn't know what I was doing making the coalmine piece. I just did it, and it took a year. I wasn't going to invite you. I thought if you saw it, you'd be pissed but you'd know how I felt. I figured it was the equivalent of me waiting on your porch, twenty months later.

Everyone said you were single, but you weren't were you? When I saw you go in there with another man I wanted to eat my face off. And then you were in the garden crying on his shoulder. I can only imagine it was over the piece.

Remember how we read Blake sometimes? I thought of this one-

I told my love, I told my love,

I told her all my heart,

Trembling, cold, in ghastly fears-

Ah, she doth depart.

I went a little crazy. I knew I wanted to do cooperative work before Eclipse, and you were the first person I thought of. I was just going to mention it to you later. After we talked. But the crazy took over.

We did good work together, but you wouldn't talk about what happened with us, even though it was all over the piece. I heard about your new boyfriend and the kind of shit you were into. I thought maybe that was what you needed from me and you couldn't say.

Wasn't that easy, was it?

Last night, after you left, I was pissed. And hurt. And I said a lot of shit to that dickhead about you I shouldn't have. I'm sure he repeated it to you. In the moment I meant it because my face was busted. But now I'm too embarrassed to wait on your porch. Once we get back from Vancouver, I will.

-Kev.

I sat on the bowl and read it again. Then the Blake poem. Then the letter in full.

I was a heartless bitch, hiding behind silence and self-righteous indignation that stayed unchallenged. I thought I was taking control of my life, but I'd left a mess behind me. How many people had I done that to? My mother? She never failed to hurl some innocent-sounding cruelty at me, but I'd cut her off and call it independence.

Everything hurt. I'd woken up with no more than a dark spot under my eye, but it weighed down half my face. My back felt twisted and weak, aching as if I'd lifted a piano up the stairs. I didn't know what to do about my pain, or even if anything needed doing.

My phone blooped at nine a.m. exactly.

-How's the eye?-

I'd never answered a nine a.m. text, but after the night before, and Kevin's email, I thought I ought to.

-You should see the other guy-

There was a longer pause than usual. I imagined him reading my text, so surprised I answered he had to take a second to organize himself.

-I feel your hands on the phone-

I caressed the little plastic and metal box like a lover, feeling a warmth and tingle between my legs that had been missing the night before.

-I have to go to work. Lunch shift-

-I know-

Asshole. Gorgeous ass**le.

CHAPTER 11.

JONATHAN

"I really could have used you guys last night," I said, blaming Will for something that wasn't his fault. Margie, the money source, had moved his whole team onto a divorce case with triangulations from Flintridge, to Santa Monica, to Monterey Park, and back. I could have deduced who was splitting up if I cared.

Santon seemed unperturbed by what had happened to Monica. We sat at a table at the Loft Club. Santon didn't seem impressed by the club at all. A mark in his favor.

He slid his hand over his glass in a way that looked like a threat. "I can't get into the house, so even if one of my guys was there, I make no guarantee it wouldn't have gone down that way."

"Do you have anything on this guy? Or are my hands tied?"

"We found some warrants in Idaho. He led an anti-war protest outside Boise city hall and got picked up for inciting a riot. He dropped out of sight a month after he did his thirty days and no one up there actually gave a shit when he showed up down here. Parole officer my guy talked to never thought of him as a criminal. Then we found two open. One battery charge. A DUI. Different parole officers."

I scanned the club. Larry poured drinks. Guys in suits laughed at the bar. I expected Eddie soon, and I wanted to be done with Santon before he arrived.

"The cameras?" I asked. "Anything?"

"We got taken off before we found out how it was done and who ordered the job. We did track the serial numbers though. Followed the money."

He paused, and I rotated my hand at the wrist for him to continue. He didn't. The guy was unflappable.

"Well? Where did it come from?"

"You."

I snorted a laugh and drank the last mouthful of whiskey. "Fucking fantastic. Was it out of Ibiza?"

"Canary Islands. Someone's got their fingers in your pie."

"Apparently." I held out my hand. "I appreciate you coming here to finish this off."

Santon took it, and we shook. "Call me in a couple of weeks when things free up."

"Will do."

He left, and I went down to the locker room, chewing on what the f**k was happening with the Canary Island trust. Kevin certainly didn't have the right kind of mind or connections. It was possible I was underestimating him. It was also possible I had latched onto him because I despised him.

The club's huge lot had a driving range, tennis courts, batting cages, and a fake pitcher's mound and home plate. The owner had owned a major league team or two, and he kept baseball in the club even if the facilities weren't used much. Eddie and I used it more than any other two members. I'd set up the time with him to feel him out about Monica. Maybe I could convince him to try another marketing angle, any other angle, because I knew what he wanted to do was putting her through hell.

I rubbed the ball, scraping the fake pitcher's mound under my cleat. Eddie stood in the batter's box. Such a cocky f**k. Guy hit .209 on his best season.

"Come on, Drazen!"

I waved him off, getting ready for my pitch. Eddie's stance was as comical as it had been at Penn. "Eddie! You constipated?"

"What?"

"You're standing there with your ass out."

"Fuck you."

"No, f**k you." I threw. He hit it to the left field, smacking a target marked SINGLE before it puckered the nylon mesh. A minor miracle. I caught a glimpse of the speed clock to my right. Sixty-five. My shit was rusty. Or I was distracted.

After his success connecting bat to ball the first time, Eddie was back in the box, looking triumphant.

I took another ball from the bucket. "I heard you met with Monica Faulkner."

"She's a hot number." Eddie whipped the bat around before getting into constipation position. "You buy her song or you're just keeping her from singing it?"

I fingered the ball. "Why?"

"We want it, and she's not giving it up."

"It's her song."

"It's all about collaring and floor licking. Got you written all over it." He pointed the bat at me. "I want it. It's money. I think you're keeping her from releasing it."

I threw a strike. Seventy-five, but my elbow had snapped a little from the exertion. I wasn't pulling from the shoulder. "You're giving me a lot of credit."

"You're the master."

I hated it. I hated knowing the undertone of what he meant, because someone like Eddie trivialized something I took seriously.

"Doesn't work like that, douchebag," I called out.

I threw another strike, well inside the zone. Clocked at seventy-seven, but it didn't jerk my elbow.

"Then help me understand 'the point.'"

"The point is you can't trick her out like a whore and put her on stage."

"Come on, man. Give the world a taste of what you got."

When I threw the next pitch, he connected. Hard. I stuck my glove in front of me and caught it before it hit me in the nuts.

"Sorry, O'Drassen." He used my great-grandfather's name from the old country when he wanted to tease me. It bothered me in college, and he'd latched on to it. I was setting up the next pitch when Eddie stepped out of the box. "Seriously, I want her. We want her. She's got that thing. You know the thing. The thing I can sell. Every man in the room will want to f**k her."

"What?" I had it coming. I'd been the joker, the storyteller, the adventurer. I'd been the guy making cracks about who I f**ked, and where, and how many times, over beers. Meanwhile, I'd defended Jessica from every unkind word hurled behind her back. Why should anyone think I gave a shit? "She won't f**k you, Ed."

"Why not? I'm a record executive," he joked.

Despite the fact that he was kidding, the images came to mind like a neighbor I avoided. Her eyes half closed. Eddie on top of her, pushing one of her legs up as he pumped into her, and her saying his name when she came. Over and over. Then the images came faster. Her laughing with him. Bending over for him. Holding his hand. Looking up at him with love, a smile spread across her face while he thought of using her and dumping her.

I shook it off. I was being an adolescent. "Get in the goddamn box."

"All right. Sorry, man. I didn't know she meant something to you."

When I felt the ice in my chest and my mind went completely and utterly clear, I should have known. I'd spent a long time getting my temper under control, and I knew it well. My temper wasn't a fire burning out in a confused jumble of thoughts; it was a frozen lucidity, a clarity of intention, whose sole purpose was to harm. I'd learned the warning signs, but on the mound, I fooled myself into thinking I was concentrating on the strike zone.

I threw a fastball, straight and hard. I coiled the power from my hips, up my back, and to my shoulder, pivoting my arm like a catapult. The ball landed right where I aimed: between Ed's ear and eye.

He didn't just fall. He spun around from the impact and landed on his back.

Fuck. I glanced at the speed clock. 91. That's about what it had felt like as it left my fingers. I ran up to Eddie and kneeled beside him. He was unconscious.

God damn, what the f**k was on your mind?

Nothing. That was the problem.

A crowd rushed over just as Eddie opened his eyes. I got him to his feet. A pretty doctor had been at the pool, and she took a look at him. He was well enough to flirt with her. It was too late to have a gentlemanly conversation about Monica and her place in the musical lexicon, of course. I could hardly say, "Listen, Ed, take the BDSM shit down a notch, and she'll sign with you."

I had to go to plan B.

CHAPTER 12.

MONICA

I almost didn't answer Kevin. Three days passed in a heat of songwriting and waitressing. When I realized I'd let the time pass, I thought that maybe I was doing the same thing I'd always done: turn my back on someone until it was too late to go back.

Kev,

I want you to know I got this, but I don't know how to answer it right now.

See you on the plane.

Mon

The day before I left for Vancouver, I stood at my locker, shoving my work shoes in and stepping into my street shoes, when Jonathan appeared like a shiny new penny.

"Your eye healed up nice."

I jumped. "Jesus, stop that. I thought you were leaving me alone until I got back."

He leaned on the locker bank, crossing his ankles. "Take my plane. Seriously."

"You came here to convince me to take a private jet to my art opening? Talk about a nice problem to have." I slammed the locker shut and locked it. He smiled at me, then for half a beat, too quickly for anyone to notice, he dropped his eyes and drank me in. I felt as though he was stroking me from toes to shoulders, and a tingle went through me.

"Great, I'll make sure it's ready."

"I didn't say I'd take it."

I brushed past him. Not because I wanted to make a threatening gesture, but because my desire to be near him made the hallway too narrow. He walked beside me as if he belonged there. As if I'd agreed to a discussion about our relationship before the appointed time, which I hadn't.

"So, what's keeping you going to LAX in traffic and getting on a coach flight with three hundred other people?"

The employee exit spit out into the parking lot, which was crowded with staff arriving, leaving, and greeting each other with laughs and short conversations.

I had to walk close to him or talk loud enough to be heard by everyone. "Look, I'll have the conversation if you think it will change something, but if I start accepting favors and gifts beforehand, it's tainted."

I approached my Honda with my key out, but as I went for it, he put his hand on the car, covering the seam between the door and the roof. That hand was right in front of me, with its spray of copper hair and fingers shaped to please. All I could think about was it running over my body, flat first, then curving to my shape. It would stop to hold and grab the parts it found, tightening on my skin, bruising me with badges of agonizing pleasure.

He said into my ear, "I admire your nobility, but the conversation's already tainted by a few dozen orgasms."

He still wasn't touching me, and he pulled his face away enough so I'd have to do just a little more than lean into him to steal a kiss. I craved the warmth of his breath and his touch. God, his touch. His body was arched and I stood straight, though the desire to fit into him like a spoon in a drawer was an almost chemical impulse.

Kiss me kiss me kiss me...

But he stood still. "You don't want to be on a flight with Kevin Wainwright any more than I want you on it."

I could have mentioned Kevin's email as proof that our encounter was a misunderstanding, but I wouldn't be an excuse maker for a guy who didn't understand the word "no." He'd ended up with a bleeding shoulder and bashed-in face for the trouble, but that was hardly the point.

"We've done everything wrong," I said. "Me, mostly. So I'm not going to walk into a conversation with you all sexed up from your money."

His smile spread, and his eyes closed a little. He bowed his head as if he didn't want me to see his amusement, but I saw his shoulders shake a little with laughter.

"The things you say," he said when he finally picked up his head.

"The things you do," I replied. "Can I get in, please? I have to pack."

He took his hand off the door. "You should wear that thing you wore to the Eclipse show. I know you won't let me buy you something new."

"Forget that, Drazen."

"The shoes at least." He stepped backward twice, and I couldn't help but give him the same type of look he'd given me earlier. I drank him in. His neck, his shoulders, the dark blue suit covering the body I imagined. The chest pressed against mine. The arms stretched over me, holding my hands down. The hips thrusting into me cruelly. He took another step back, and I felt as though I was being pulled forward.

Stunning creature. I wondered, like he said, God had made him for me as much as I'd been made for him. Of course, God then spitefully created a world where we couldn't be together without being puppets of other people's imaginations.

CHAPTER 13.

MONICA

I stood on my front porch, shaking. I looked only at my keys as they slid into the lock and only at the knob as I turned it. My gaze zoomed no wider than the door as it opened. I hated acting like a toddler playing peek-a-boo, believing if I couldn't see Mommy, she couldn't see me.

The house already smelled musty. I put my head down and walked to my room. I shut out my peripheral vision because I couldn't be sure there weren't eyes in the corners. I focused on my feet as they traversed my living room rug. My kitchen floor. The wood floor of the hall.

My room.

I threw the duffel on my bed.

The closet. The dress, still in a dry cleaning bag.

The shoes, clumped on the floor.

The bathroom. My fancy makeup.

The dresser.

The top drawer.

I only had the Bordelle underwear left.

Under a manila envelope.

The bed.

The duffel bag.

The objects pushed inside.

Shoes. Dress. Underwear. Makeup. Envelope.

The zipper.

My feet on the floors. The rug.

The porch.

The door.

The key.

Click.

My breath.

Exhaled.

CHAPTER 14.

MONICA

I dried my hair with the bathroom door open. When Darren's screen door opened, I jumped. He was on his way to Canada with Adam, and I wasn't expecting anyone. I half hoped it was Jonathan but knew it wasn't. Peeking out to the living room, I saw Darren shuffle in. I pulled a dress out of the hamper and wiggled into it so I could get to him quickly.

"What the hell are you doing here?" I asked.

He shrugged. "Men."

"Men? What's that mean?"

He grabbed a beer from the fridge and cracked it. "I mean, how the f**k do you deal with us?"

"You're cute and you have these nice dangling bits. So?"

"So, well. Adam."

"I've met him."

He rubbed the label on his bottle. "Really nice guy. Really."

"Really. So? Why aren't you at the airport?"

"I kind of freaked out on him."

I threw myself on the couch and patted the seat next to me. "Go on."

He plopped onto the chair. Somehow, the couch had become my territory. "As we were loading up a cart, I just... I don't know. There was this reflective metal panel in the wall, and I was standing next to him. I saw us in the metal panel. Foggy, but it was us. He was looking at his phone, and I was looking at the panel thinking, 'Oh f**k. This is what other people see. Is this who I am? Did I decide this? And when?' I care about him. I love being with him, but when do I start calling myself bisexual, or g*y, or...who the f**k am I, Monica?"

I had plenty of platitudes. I had advice I couldn't even pretend to take myself about just being who you are and letting the world see what they wanted. Uttering those words without hurtful irony would have been obscene. "I don't think any of us know ourselves."

He rubbed his lips together, a gesture I remembered from our early days. Darren was trying not to cry. It was painful to watch.

"I've been trying not to worry about it," he said. "I've been trying to figure out if I care whether people think less of me or not, and honestly, I don't think it's that. I mean, f**k, I'm a drummer. I'm always the one standing in the back. It's just... I feel like I never had the chance to work it out and say, 'All right. This is what I'll be to the world.' I got all wrapped up in him, especially after Gabby. Am I g*y without him? Or am I back to who I was? Because I never thought about it before him, so now I'm taking on this whole identity without ever deciding on it. Am I making any sense?"

"Yeah." My throat was dry. "Did you leave him at the airport? Did he get on the plane?"

"No. He followed me to the parking lot. I mean, the poor guy was so baffled. He's asking me if there's someone else, or if I'm upset about Gabs and that's causing the freak out."

"The thing about a freak out is you don't know why you're freaking out," I said, opening the fridge. "How do you feel about him?"

"I don't know."

"Ah." I cracked a beer for myself.

"I do know how I feel about missing that flight."

"How?"

"Fifteen hundred in the hole. Non-returnable flight. Whole new last minute ticket. I have seven hundred in the bank and two maxed out credit cards. I could take the car, but even if I start driving now, I'll miss the show."

I swallowed my beer, thought for a second, and said, "I think I have a solution to that part of the dilemma."

CHAPTER 15.

MONICA

Darren had taken some convincing. He was obviously uncomfortable with using Jonathan's money, but he needed it. He was swayed when I assured him it would be just him and me. Jonathan wasn't coming, and I wouldn't let the plane ride color my decision to stay with him or not.

We took the bus to Santa Monica Airport to avoid parking fees. I'd explained as much of the situation to Jonathan as I thought appropriate. I left out Darren's freak out and replaced it with "he missed his flight." Jonathan didn't seem smug about winning the Great Private Jet Battle, only irritated that I insisted on taking the bus.

"It's just a waste of time," he said. I heard him tapping computer keys. Multitasking again.

"I have nothing else to do. And I like the bus. It reminds me of when I was a kid."

"Were you this worried about tainting conversations when you were a kid?"

"My spankings weren't undertaken so willingly back then."

He sighed and let it go.

Darren and I sat with our bags between our feet. He got up for women with children twice during the hour-and-a-quarter long ride. By the time we got to Sepulveda, the crowd had thinned, and he and I had stopped the seat-flip.

"Did you tell Kevin you wouldn't be on the flight?" he asked.

"Texted him."

"He told me his side of what happened the other night."

I shook my head. "I bet he did."

"Really, Monica, I've been meaning to tell you. I think you should give Kevin another chance."

I twisted around to look at him. "Are you serious? Is your mind totally poisoned?"

"He's not the same."

"No, he's worse. Let me ask you something: Were you the one who told him about me and Jonathan? Maybe you mentioned the bruises on my wrists?"

Darren pursed his lips and looked down. "He had an idea already. Geraldine Stark spent a couple of nights with Drazen and came back with some stories. To Kev, it was like a lightning bolt."

Geraldine f**king Stark. Of course. The artist who put the trompe l'oeil on the side of Kevin's building had to have been with Jonathan. She told Kevin, probably post-coital, and then Kevin went ahead and told Darren. Together, they'd strategized how to get us back together.

"It bothers me that we worked together so many hours at a stretch to make this thing, and the whole time, you and Kevin are planning a reconciliation I don't want."

"What do you want?"

"Right now? To be left alone by anyone with a dick. You're all trouble. I want to never again hear who Jonathan f**ked before I met him. Even if it was the first lady or Brad Pitt, I don't want to know."

"Why not?" His tone was confrontational, as if he was daring me to give him the truth.

"You know God damn well everything about this hurts. So stop being a prick." I turned toward the window, shutting out further argument. We travelled in the fold of time between day and night, when headlights got turned on and the streetlights went from dead cold to humming half light.

"Did you open the envelope I left?" he asked.

"No, did you?"

"No. Is it still in the house?"

I turned away from the window to reengage our conversation. "I left it at your place."

"Not even curious?"

"It's probably a family tree."

"Then why not open it?"

"I haven't had time." I could see, from his expression, he didn't believe me. "I need to talk to him. And I need it to be clean. About us. No external shit. If there's nothing in there, it's nothing. If it's external shit, then it's not fair for me to know it."

His eyes locked onto mine, and I felt naked. "You want him back."

"I don't know what I want."

"Fuck. You want him." He shook his head in a way that indicated nothing less than disappointment and shame.

"What? Is that a problem for you?"

"I should have driven up."

"Are we back on the whore thing?"

"Don't hit me again!" He covered his cheeks with his hands. "Please. My manhood couldn't take it."

Despite the fact that I wanted to belt him, or yell at him, or even shut down and go ice cold, I laughed.

He smiled and said, "Can you tell me, do you think this is you liking to get tied up? Or are you doing it because he likes it?"

The woman in the seat in front of us turned her head a little, and I shot her a look. She had a baby on her lap and a hemp sling over her shoulders.

"Both," I said, looking straight at her because f**k her. I was ashamed and horrified, and that made me feel hostile. She turned away. "It's his reputation I don't like. And everyone knowing. That's coloring the type of attention I'm getting from the industry.

"I want to reassure you. I want to tell you this is who I am, and this is me now and forever, and I'm so happy I discovered this side of myself. But I don't know. Everything about it is wrapped up in him. I can't imagine letting anyone else touch me like that, which is not what you want to hear. I know that. You think it's a power thing, and sure, it is. Would it be with anyone else? If I met the right vanilla guy, would I go vanilla?" I shrugged and put up my palms. "It could go either way. I'd have to be in the situation to find out."

"Well, I like him because of the way he treats you. But I don't, because of the way he treats you. And I think you're missing out with Kevin. He loves you."

"Oh, please give me a break."

"Deal with it." He squeezed my hand but looked away. "This is our stop. Let's get out of here." He waved to the baby in front of us. The mother held the child tighter.

CHAPTER 16.

JONATHAN

As soon as Will confirmed he couldn't send anyone to Vancouver, I knew I was going. I'd sleep even less than usual if I didn't. I arranged a revised manifest, made my calls, packed, and met them on the plane already set to leave that night.

My hope had been that she'd take the plane, I'd slip on with her, and we'd have three solid hours to sort ourselves out. Her fears about what other people thought were well-founded but meaningless. They'd think what they would. She needed to know that what we had was bigger than them and that any concerns she had about being dumped were unfounded. Sexually, she and I needed hard limits. Our discussion had to include how much control she actually exerted when we were alone. I'd gone too far with her without properly setting limits and explaining kinks she had no experience with. In my delight over her, I'd been irresponsible.

I still wasn't sure how to convince her without touching her. But I felt as though she was slipping away, and I couldn't let that happen.

I'd gone through immigration and carried my own bags. Security was non-existent. It was my own plane after all, and everyone at the airport knew me. I told them not to hassle my two passengers, and they joked about my habit of bringing women on planes and sending them back without me. I looked forward to the jokes changing. The prospect of keeping Monica was more exciting than bedding a hundred women. I rejected the offer of a ride to the plane. My legs worked, and I didn't want to announce myself so loudly.

Monica and Darren had gotten through immigration in record time, apparently, and they were already stepping up into the cabin. They were inside and out of sight before I reached the stairs. My pilots, Jacques and Petra, had been married seven years and still held hands as they waited for me.

"Jacques," I said.

"Jon. We're scheduled to wait for you. Two days," Jacques said.

Petra chimed in. "We might have to bounce back for a doctor's appointment."

"Well, I think you're going to have to come back and do a pickup anyway. I'll text you the names for the manifest when I have them." I looked them both over. They seemed nervous. "Something you want to tell me?"

Petra smirked.

"No," Jacques said. "Come on. We have a schedule to keep."

I stepped onto the plane behind the pilots.

CHAPTER 17.

MONICA

The plane was probably the nicest thing I'd ever seen. The pilots had pointed us up the little stairs embedded in the dropped-down door and into a cabin with ten cushy leather seats. Two seat banks faced each other around a gleaming lacquer table. The wood matched the liquor cabinet and the galley, which was cleaner than my kitchen had ever been.

Darren threw himself into a seat, and I sat next to him. We had work to do. We'd detected a flaw in the sound for the show. It wasn't much, but the music was meant to be loud, and the little click in one of the forty-some tracks would seriously ruin the experience. I freed my phone and headphones to start.

I smelled Jonathan. Then I saw him standing over the table. I felt like a kid caught eating her lunch before the bell.

"I had a feeling you'd show up," Darren said.

Jonathan slipped in across from us. "And you didn't bring me flowers or chocolates or anything?"

I slid toward the window, watching Darren as he said, "I didn't want you to get the wrong idea."

"Or Monica to get the wrong idea," Jonathan looked at me with that irrepressible smile. It was nice that he was smiling and nice that Darren was remembering that part of him liked the guy, but I had a mixed bag of feelings.

"This is the second time you've shown up where you weren't supposed to be," I said.

"It's my plane."

"You know what I mean."

"I do. I am going to the opening and the viewing the night before because I love art and because I'm on the finance committee at the B.C. Modern. Now. I have work to do." He put his laptop on the table and glanced at each of us expectantly. Despite the six other seats, that table was the only laptop-convenient surface. Bastard.

Darren followed suit, his Mac out in a flash. He glanced between Jonathan and me as if one of us would suddenly go into heat.

"I need to check the loops," Darren said to me, all business. "There was a weird clicking. Then I'm mixing down again." He handed me the clunky pro headphones he'd brought and looked at Jonathan. "She has a perfect ear."

"Indeed."

I put on headphones and watched Darren's computer screen, listening for a flaw that might be part of the hardware or a tiny blip on track thirty-two of forty.

The plane took off. The tiny thing felt shaky, unsure, too fast. My stomach fell between my feet, but I tried to keep a straight face, even when I gripped Darren's forearm. We had to start the loop again when the laptop slid across the table. There was no one there to tell us to put our stuff away, and it didn't seem to be a requirement anyway. Jonathan pretended to work, but I knew he was watching me.

I glued my eyes to Darren's screen when the plane evened out and I could swallow again. I'd heard the music for the B.C. Mod piece a hundred times, but in only a few minutes, I was listening with my whole brain for a click that may or may not have been there. I watched the wavy lines flow across the screen like heartbeats until my phone buzzed and lit up. A text. From the guy sitting across from me.

-Is it hot in here? Or are you just gorgeous?-

He was looking at me over his computer screen, lips curled in a smile.

-That's so unpoetic. Even for you-

-Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?-

-In Los Angeles? Yuck. Is there a shower in this tin can?-

He leaned back, a smile creeping across his face. He ignored his computer in favor of the phone. The cold, electronic blue lit his face while the soft light from above warmed his brow and hair.

"Mon?" I barely heard Darren through my headphones. "Did you hear the click?"

"Uh, no. Can you run the loop again?"

-I feel your hands on the phone-

My heart skipped a beat. Or stopped. Or did the thing where I felt its presence in my chest.

-How, exactly?-

-As if they were on my body-

-We have a no touching rule in effect-

-Only until you commit yourself to me-

I knew where this was going, and I wanted it, dangerous as it was.

-What if I don't commit myself?-

-You will-

-Then what?-

-Then I'm going to take those touchy little hands and tie them to your knees-

-No kissing first?-

-No-

-Not even your cock?-

He pursed his lips and looked at me. His hands slid over the glass. Fuck that, he was not taking control of this conversation. I put my elbows on the table, leaning over it toward him.

-What if I crawled at your feet, kneeled before you, looking up at you as you pulled out that piece of meat between your legs-

He glanced at Darren, who sat in the dark, eyes glued to his computer screen and unaware of our bloops and dings. Then Jonathan leaned forward, mirroring my position on the table, as he texted.

-When I'm done tying your hands, I'm going to bend you over and press your cheek to the mattress. Then tie your ankles to the bed's legs, holding them spread for me as you stand-

-What if I kissed the tip of your cock? And you took me at the back of my head while you rubbed it along my closed lips, and I opened them-

Our forearms rested on the table, lateral, not touching, as we watched each other and our little glowing screens. Our phones dinged and blooped and buzzed rapid fire, like electronic jumping beans.

-I'm going to put my thumb on your clit, then move it up to your ass**le until it's wet-

- In one move, you put your whole shaft down my throat-

-I'll lean my wet thumb on your ass**le until it yields to me-

-I flatten my tongue on the base of you as you pull out of my mouth-

-My thumb will enter you and you'll groan and strain against your ties-

-I look up at you and open my mouth for you to f**k it again-

-I'll kneel and lick your cunt until you beg for me to f**k you-

-You tighten your grip on the hair at the back of my head-

-I won't-

-and press your c**k into me until my tongue touches your balls-

-I'll spank you until you can't do more than sob-

-Cruelly, you f**k my mouth and I love it because it pleases you-

-When you least expect it I will enter you and f**k you. Hard. Two strokes, then pull out and rub my wet dick all over-

-Spit drips down my chin and onto my chest-

-Your ass**le will be fresh and wet and ready for me to slide into it. You will scream-

-oh-

-Then you will moan-

"I heard it," I said, pulling off my headphones. "The click."

"Me too," said Darren. "Okay, all I have to do is-"

"Slide over, I have to get out." I bumped him, and when he didn't move fast enough because he was wound around the equipment, I stood on the back of his seat and climbed over him.

The bathroom was probably nicer than anything I'd ever seen, and I didn't care. I didn't have to pee. I slapped open the door and Jonathan was right behind me, closing it behind us. I put my arms around him.

"Behind your back," he growled and laced my hands behind me. My back was against some kind of counter, I felt more than saw cabinets, a toilet to my left, and a tile floor. Mostly, I saw Jonathan. His hands were on the cabinets, his face an inch from mine.

"Touch me, Jonathan. Please."

"Commit yourself to me."

"Oh, God. Don't-"

"Commit. Yourself. To. Me." He said it softly and firmly, half whisper, half scream.

"I'm yours. Touch me."

"You don't even know what you're promising."

"Yes, I-"

"I cannot watch you walk away again. If you commit yourself, you're mine. You will set your limits, and I will honor them. You will be exclusive to me. You will submit yourself to me sexually. Completely."

"Yes."

"People will know."

I thought I would have agreed to do anything for him, but that stopped me dead in my tracks. "Why can't we be discreet?"

"I want everything. I want to take you out. I want us to be tied without worrying about who sees us, and I don't want men looking at you like you're single."

"Fine, then Carnival's going to put me on stage in a collar."

He raised an eyebrow as if he found that interesting, not repulsive. "You crossed that off your list."

"Figurative collar. If everyone knows already, I might as well let them have their way and put one on me. But it won't be your collar; it'll be theirs."

"Tell them that's not acceptable."

"I'm not in a position to negotiate."

He bent his knees a little to get his face level with mine. "You don't know the power you have."

My hands were still behind my back, but my shoulders sagged. I was uncomfortably aroused, and though I was happy my pu**y remembered sex fondly enough to moisten, the sweet physical desire was in opposition to the shitstink in my heart. "I just want us to be secret for a while."

"No secrets."

"Oh, you know what? Mister No-Secrets-Sir. Mister Your-Honesty-Is-Beautiful. Tell me about when you were sixteen. Westonwood Acres?"

If I'd held out any hope of him putting his hands on me, I'd dashed my chances pretty cleanly. He removed his hands from the cabinets and leaned against the opposite wall. I flushed red.

"It was Gabby," I said. "You didn't know her deal. She wanted to know everything about everyone she thought could help her. People with money or connections or both. Westonwood Acres came into my hands the day of her funeral."

"Those records were sealed."

"Everything was blacked out but the institution, your name, and the date."

He scanned my face, his eyes flicking back and forth, then he cast them downward. "I took a handful of pills. The Adderal was mine. The Oxycontin and the rest were my mother's. I don't even remember all of them."

"Why?" I reached for his hand, but he pulled it back, still obeying the rules. Damn him.

"Do I have to talk about this in the bathroom of a Gulfstream?"

"Commit, Jonathan."

"Are you sure you never considered law school?"

I could have cracked a joke, denied it, or even demanded an answer, but he was stalling. I wouldn't give him something to answer with another stall. I folded my arms.

As if understanding the gesture, his mouth curled in a wistful smirk. "Now you know why I ran to you when your friend killed herself."

"I thought it was because you cared about me."

"That too. Believe me, that too."

"What was so bad you'd try to take your own life?"

He nodded and slipped down the wall until his feet were wedged against the opposite counter. He put his hands in his pockets. "Remember Rachel?"

"I'll never forget that story." I slid down as well, leaning my feet on the opposite wall, a mirror of his posture.

"It wasn't just the once, her and I," he said. "It was a thing. I was infatuated, and she was f**ked up. It was intense. All encompassing. My father wasn't in the picture then, but we snuck around. Tough to do when you're fifteen, but enough money makes it easier. I got my license and a car as soon as legally possible." He smiled as if some uncomfortable, yet pleasant memory flooded his mind. Then he shook his head. "Anyway, drunk driver. Meaningless loss. Devastation. A family I couldn't lean on or they'd know the truth. Et cetera, et cetera."

"I don't think you can 'et cetera' any of that."

His laugh was short and humorless. "No. I shouldn't." He hooked his thumbs in his pockets. "I have a big family. I know, we're loaded, so it's not like we all lived in a one-bedroom apartment, but someone was always around. It wasn't until she died that I realized I was surrounded by seven sisters and two parents and all these friends, and I was alone. Very, very alone. My dad said, 'Oh, son, by the way, I took care of her family, so don't worry.' Like that was all it was about for him. Or not. Maybe he was hurt and didn't want to show me because he was in denial? Or she really didn't mean shit to him, which disgusted me, because I knew it was true."

"Your dad sounds like a charming guy."

"You have no idea just how charming he is." He looked at his feet, then continued. "I felt like I came from shit, and that was what I was. Rachel, for what it was worth, understood the dynamic. She made me feel less isolated. And when she died, I felt worthless and alone. A handful of pills seemed like the best way to take care of it."

We watched each other for a second before I said, "I want to hold you."

"Commit yourself to me."

"Yes."

"Will you be okay with people looking at you, knowing you're submissive to me?"

I swallowed. I wasn't ready. I didn't think I'd ever be.

"From your face, I can see that's a no," he said.

A buzzing noise came from the speakers, shocking me straight and alert. Jacques's voice came soon after.

"Mister Drazen and passengers. Please buckle in. We're landing in a few minutes."

Jonathan snapped open the door and let me go out first. He pressed himself to the doorframe as I passed so our bodies did not touch.

CHAPTER 18.

MONICA

We piled into the limo, exhausted. Night time in Vancouver looked much like night time anywhere else. Though I was excited to be outside the U.S. for the second time in my life, my body, mind, and heart had been through too much in the last six hours.

"We're at the Travel Lodge," Darren said. "I assume you're not staying there."

"Neither are you," Jonathan said.

"Jonathan," I grumbled.

"I own a hotel practically on top of the museum. Don't be stupid. Staying in Richmond's going to waste time and money. Separate rooms, in case you're concerned."

"I'm not," I said.

"Thank you. That'll be great," Darren said.

I wanted to kick him. Why was it okay for him to accept an expensive hotel room, but whenever I accepted a gift, I was whoring myself? I tried to give him a look, but he just dicked with his phone. Then he smirked a little and glanced over at me. Then I realized that in his mind, by accepting it himself, he was saving me from doing so. Thus, I was no whore.

Men.

"Boxes arrived this afternoon," he said.

"Have you heard from Kev?" I assumed he wasn't invited to Hotel Fancypants, and he'd need to know where we were.

"Nope."

"I'll arrange food sent up to your rooms, and an early wake up call," Jonathan said. "When's the earliest you can get in for set up?"

"Seven," I said. "It's gotta be done in time for the preview at four."

"It's tight," Darren said.

"And we have zero experience doing this kind of thing, so Kevin needs a wake up call, too." I kicked Darren. "That's you."

I noticed Jonathan's silence, but I didn't look over. I didn't want to see his reaction.

Hotel C looked like all of Jonathan's hotels, a sleek, modern building no one would mistake for home. The long front drive had a marble fountain, and the entire hotel seemed to be made of glass and steel. Staff descended upon us immediately with Mister Drazen this and Ma'am and Sir that. Darren stayed outside to manage the equipment unloading. We got through the door and entered a lobby done in black and brown, wood and matte surfaces, with a cement floor and warehouse ceilings. A woman with her brown hair in a French twist and a black leather skirt handed Jonathan a clipboard. She looked lovely despite the fact that it was after ten p.m.

"Mister Drazen, happy to see you back."

"Thanks, Marsha. Can you call Kristin for tomorrow's meetings please? There were some changes."

"Of course."

"Should we go check in?" I asked Jonathan, who was signing a bunch of papers.

"Done already."

"Must be nice."

"I admit it," he said as he handed the clipboard back to Marsha with a smile. "It is. Where's Darren?"

"Getting the processor and mixer out. His life is those computers."

"Are you and I having a drink before bed?"

A drink. I'd agree to anything after a drink. I'd beg for anything, even without it, and he'd deny me just to make a point. "I'm wiped out."

"Come on then. Marsha will sort Darren out."

I looked back at my friend and found him talking to Marsha earnestly while indicating equipment. My guess was he wanted to take it up himself and sleep on top of it, and she wanted to put it in with hotel security. That argument could go on indefinitely.

A man appeared behind Jonathan. "Mister Drazen?"

"Anthony."

"Can I help you with anything? Take you up to your room? Get you a table at the bar?"

Jonathan turned to me and asked, "Do you need something to eat?"

I didn't answer right away. I don't know what my expression said, but something about it caused Jonathan to turn to Anthony and say, "We'll let you know."

"Very good, sir." He spun on his heel and walked away.

"What is it, Monica?"

"I have a problem."

"Say it."

"I know I'm tired and hungry, and I have a lot to do tomorrow. But I can't play this game with you. I'm not good at it. I want you. I want to be naked with you right now. The fact that I'm this close to you and I can smell you, feel you, hear you... Fuck, I'm going crazy."

"It's entirely reciprocated."

"You don't look like you're going nuts."

"Self-control. That's all it is."

"I can't sit across a table from you. I barely made it through the plane ride. The past few weeks have been dead for me. My body shut off. Then you came along. I want it shut off again because I'll agree to anything right now."

He leaned into me, not touching, his hands in his pockets. "I'll only let you commit to me if you mean it. I won't let you make a mistake because I won't tolerate you walking away again."

I leaned toward him a little. I felt the warmth of his breath, and his open jacket brushed my shoulder. "That first time we met, in your office, I threatened you with a lawsuit."

"You floored me."

"You handed me Sam's card. I brushed your finger with mine."

"Yes."

"I wish I hadn't done it," I said. "I wish I'd just walked out."

"It was too late way before that."

"I need to go to my room alone. And I need to not know where you are."

He smiled. "I'm right next door to you."

"I just told you not to tell me."

He chuckled and shrugged.

Darren came up to us, a valet rolling the hardcase behind him.

"I have some things to do here," Jonathan said. "I'll have Anthony show you to your rooms."

With that, he strode off to meet Marsha by the counter.

"Handsome guy, I'll admit," Darren said as we watched Jonathan move across the floor as if he owned the joint. "And not half the ass**le."

"But Kevin's better?"

Darren shrugged. "Kevin's my friend at this point. And so are you. So for me, it seems natural."

"Not to me."

"I'm getting that."

CHAPTER 19.

MONICA

The room wasn't a room. It was one of two suites on the top floor. I saw the skyline through the floor-to-ceiling windows in every direction. The decor matched the lobby's; matte blacks and dark matte woods with textured grains stained for contrast. I traversed the corners and expanses of the living area and bedroom, every step further proof that I was alone. The black leather couch was too big. Seating for six. Closet space for a family or clothes horse.

Something was missing. After the second time I circumnavigated the rooms, I realized that I didn't feel as though I was being watched. I hadn't realized the feeling stayed with me when I locked my door behind me, but in its absence, I grasped that it had.

I tried to call Kevin and got no answer. We were on international roaming. He'd probably off shut his phone. We needed him. He'd taken us on to energize the creative process, but the practicalities of an installation were beyond me. If he got held up too long, Darren and I would be in a world of shit.

I pulled my jacket off, and the sleeve went inside out. The poly-satin undersleeve's seam had split ages ago, but the loose threads and edges were invisible when I wore it, so I kept the thing, promising to fix it some day. Were our relationships jackets we wore? Every one was a manageable, condensed, digestible thing on the outside with a gaping wound on the inside. Then when we pulled ourselves out, they prolapsed, like a jacket sleeve, and exposed the raw, broken places we never got around to fixing?

I looked at the jacket a little too long. I was so f**king horny and pink, it was painful. Jonathan was right. We could f**k ourselves blue, but until we figured out how to be together, we were only using each other's bodies for mutual immolation.

His room was likely behind the thick wooden door with the big lock. It sat next to the empty china cabinet that would probably be filled if I called the concierge and announced I was entertaining. If Jonathan wasn't in his room already, he would be soon enough. He had to make a show of sleeping. I touched the door, trying to feel him on the other side. I lay my cheek against it. How I wanted him. If only he wasn't carrying the baggage of Bondage Girl, the looks, the smart comments, the self-defeating turning of my own brain.

What if I rejected him completely, again? Like an addiction, the bodily ache needed to be broken first, then the habit. If I made it through this trip, I might get home ready to take on something new. Maybe date? Maybe meet someone nice? Like any addict, I couldn't see a world outside the drug. But I knew there was one.

I stepped away from the door and got ready for bed in a haze. I hung up the dress and got out my work clothes for the next day. I'd done all right. My voice was an instrument for the piece. I'd recorded cleanly and done good work. I just needed to finish the job. Tomorrow. I had to focus on that.

I got into bed naked, feeling the brush of cool, hotel sheets on my skin, and immediately Jonathan was back on my mind. The drug. Putting his hands on me. Stroking my back, my ass, my thighs. He cupped my br**sts, caressing them, then pinched and twisted the ni**les until pleasure turned into a sharp bullet of pain. My hand followed the path my mind created for him, and I looked forward to release and rest. Arching my back into the imagined warmth of him, I spread my legs, giving my fingertips a place to land. I slipped them between my folds, pretending they were his, imitating the tenderness he showed right before the roughness took over.

I rolled over onto my stomach and slipped my fingers over my clit. I wasn't ready. How could that be? I couldn't go to bed frustrated. I wouldn't be able to sleep. My mind needed to talk some sense into my body, but apparently, they weren't on speaking terms. I put my ass up and felt a little tingle that might have been something or nothing, but I didn't touch myself. I just imagined myself in his ready position, waiting, unsure of what he'd do next. But it was too comfortable.

I slipped down to the floor.

The carpet was grey wool, rough to the touch. It dug into my knees and palms as I crawled, naked, into the living area. My arms and legs kept a midtempo rhythm, head bowed in submission to someone who wasn't in the room. Everything was taller. I was lower than the table, the couch, the chairs. My body's reaction was almost immediate. Fluids collected between my legs, lubricating them against each other.

What a repulsive creature I was, unable to find arousal without crawling on the floor. Even my self-loathing turned me on so intensely I had to stop crawling for a second to shudder at the power of it.

I was alone. I was safe. No one was watching. I could allow myself to feel it, to do it, to be however I wanted. I got to the door between my suite and his. On my hands and knees, I put my lips to it, thinking his name over and over, tasting the flat flavor of wood and dried lacquer, finding his sawdust scent inside it.

Doubts came, but I washed them away in the knowledge that no one had to know. Only a locked door kept the company of my submission. My sexual abdication. The resignation of responsibility and control.

When I moved my lips from the door, I saw myself in the window, a translucent reflection of a lone, naked woman crawling to her master's door. I fell to the carpet, put my cheek on the rough wool, and watched my reflection as I turned my back to the door, hoisted my ass up, and slid my hands between my ankles.

I was ready for him, but he wasn't coming.

I spread my knees and slipped my hand from my ankles to between my legs. I gasped, then as I pushed through the layer of thick slickness to stroke myself, I groaned.

"Jonathan," I whispered so softly I barely even heard myself, "my king."

Knowing him, knowing how he played and how he f**ked, I touched myself ever so gently, around the opening, over the tip of the clit. I placed my fingers at the tip and pressed my hips into them slightly, then back, anticipation and hunger in every move. Two sides of myself warred. The side that wanted to just rub and orgasm out of myself, and the side that wanted to lie there with my cheek to the floor and milk it for every second of pleasure. I wanted the milking side to win. So I stroked my clit with a single fingertip three times, then once hard, then three times lightly, then stuck two fingers in my soaking pu**y.

Repeat.

I heard sounds on the other side of the door. A shuffle. A light clicking on. A drawer opening. A voice speaking a foreign language as if it was on the phone.

Right there. He was right there on the other side of the door.

I pressed my finger against my clit and drew it down, hard. It hurt, just a little, then exploded into pleasure so deep I had to lift my cheek off the floor. I rubbed it again. I'd jumped four stages of desire right into orgasm close. My thighs warmed. My folds shuddered when I touched them, and my back straightened. My face came off the floor, and I kneeled, legs spread, fingers between my legs and rubbing in a circle. A ball of heat wound tight around itself in my pelvis. I crouched, pressing the heel of my hand against my clit, and then bent my back. I drew my wrist, then my forearm, along my wet slit until my fingertips reached my lower back. The constant, single direction of pressure broke the coil of pleasure, and when I straightened, bringing forearm, wrist, and hand back over my clit, I exhaled in a clenched groan. I did it again until my forehead was on the floor, and I pulled back, my forearm now a slick instrument. My ass and pu**y clenched repeatedly as I tried not to cry out loudly enough to be heard by the king on the other side of the door.

CHAPTER 20.

JONATHAN

Sometimes, talking to people in Asia was enough to make me want to do bodily harm to myself or others. I shouldn't have let that phrase enter my mind after what I'd revealed to Monica in the bathroom of the Gulfstream.

Sunshine and lollipops. I thought the words so hard I almost said them in Korean as I explained to my VP of operations that the vision for Hotel M in Seoul was exactly the same as the ones in Los Angeles, Vancouver, New York, and Chicago. The spirit of the thing was what mattered. Getting the exact same designer for Seoul as we had in New York was less important than getting the same type of designer.

I hung up, then looked at a calendar as if I could deny the truth.

I had to go to Asia tomorrow afternoon at the latest.

Fuck.

I wanted her so badly, and it took all my concentration not to take her too soon. I couldn't lose focus. Too much was going on. But there I was, getting Jacques on the line and telling Aling Mira to pack. I had no choice. Putting business first was a habit I couldn't break.

That was two weeks right out of the gate. Two weeks outside LA. Outside her sphere. I didn't want to go away. I was so close with her. So close to getting her commitment, her heart, her promise, then some shit across an ocean threatened to explode into a f**kstorm of red lacquer shrapnel. I dropped my laptop and phone on the table. My jacket went over the chair. My tie got yanked off as if it had offended me personally. Shoes, kicked. Cufflinks, tossed.

I hadn't intended to tell her about the suicide attempt. I didn't like talking about it, and I didn't like her knowing, but, the minutes in the bathroom between deciding to tell her and actually doing it were more intimate than anything we'd experienced. She'd peeled off my skin and seen the isolation inside. She couldn't turn away from me now. Couldn't.

The door between our suites opened with a keycard, and I had it. It was mine, after all. The wood was warm to the touch, and smooth. Dry. The moldings were curved by the most perfectly even paint job money could buy. Running my finger along the seam, I imagined the little bit of air seeping through was shared between us. We were conjoined by the molecules, the scents they carried, the temperature, from her lungs to mine and back again.

I peeled off my shirt in the dining room. I didn't want to look at an empty bed, and I wanted to be close to the door for reasons that didn't have words my mind could define. I didn't want to waste the air, or something equally absurd and impossible to accept.

Wearing nothing but my briefs in a hotel dining room, next to an empty china cabinet, I put both my hands flat on the door, stroking it downward. I didn't know what was coming over me, but that door became her body, and I wanted to touch it. Needed to.

Then, through the door, I heard it. Her voice. Singing.

CHAPTER 21.

MONICA

My forearm had been covered in sex fluid, and I stank of the flight and fast food. After collapsing on the hotel floor, ashamed, exhilarated, and sexually satisfied until Jonathan worked his way into my sphere again, I needed a shower.

The bathroom was black with white fixtures, and I was alone. The four showerheads were powerful, and the water was scalding hot. The frosted, glass-walled shower stall was as big as a walk-in closet. I scrubbed with over-perfumed hotel soap, and as I rinsed, I started singing a song I'd started the day before in a pencil-dulling heat. I'd memorized the words even as I wrote them. As I leaned against the glass tiles, I worked out the bridge, over and over. I felt like I had it, and it had been sticking in my craw since yesterday.

I'm scared all the time

And I need all the time

I'm scared all the time

And I need all the time

I heard a click behind me, and a chemical infusion of fear made every vein in my body pulse. A man. In my shower. Uninvited. I screamed, or tried to, but because I'd forgotten to breathe, it came out a croak.

"Shhh," Jonathan said. He wore nothing but boxer briefs that showed the glory of his erection.

"You f**king f**k."

"Please." He put his hands up in a gesture meant to show me he wasn't going to touch me.

"What on earth would compel you?"

"You." He leaned forward, and I stepped against the wall. His forearms pressed against the wall on either side of my head, and he got inches from my face. Water fell on his dry hair, running dark paths to his face. It dropped off his nose, his brow, his chin. "You. Goddess."

Suddenly, the sexual satisfaction I'd achieved on my knees with the whole length of my arm was inadequate. "Take me."

"Commit yourself to me. Be mine for all the world."

"I already told you yes."

"Make me believe it." His eyes closed, slowly, as if he didn't want to see my face. He was wet, his body a waterfall. The rushes of water accentuated every curve and angle of him.

"How?"

"What was that song? I couldn't hear all of it."

"I wrote it yesterday."

He opened his eyes. "Would you sing it for me?"

His body still didn't touch mine. I felt his breath on my shoulder and the presence of his erection, and I wanted it as much as I'd ever wanted anything. He wasn't going to touch me. Not a finger. He was going to breathe on me and whisper in my ear, naked in the shower, until I burst.

"Please," he said.

A part of me wanted to tell him to f**k off, but another part wanted to be close to him so badly that a song seemed as, if not more, intimate than sex. "Are you ready?" I whispered.

"Yes."

I took a deep breath and sang for him, my voice low, much the way I sang him my song of fears in his backyard. This time, I sang without shame or contrition.

Craven runs

Crave stays

Craven runs

Crave stays

A cold, dark stain on a hot sidewalk

From a water balloon thrown

Craven freezes

Crave ducks

And writes the sound of nothing in crimson chalk

Craven stays

Crave runs

Craven stays

Crave runs

Puzzle pieces in an open box

Find perfect fit, alone then

Crave touches

Craven sees

Pieces shifted, while five little lenses watch

I sang the bridge a little louder looking in his jade eyes. I wanted to connect with him, to put my feelings into him so he'd understand.

I'm scared all the time

And I need all the time

I'm scared all the time

And I need all the time

I stopped. We said nothing, our voices shushed, and the only sounds in the room were the droplets of water falling on our bodies and the whoosh of the showerheads. His eyes flicked over mine, his expression a mask. I didn't want to hear his thoughts. I didn't want to talk. I wouldn't like what I heard; I knew it.

"That one's not so revealing, I guess." I knocked the handle down to shut the water.

"More revealing, actually." His lips were at my cheek, but I didn't have the courage to turn and kiss him. "Puzzle pieces. A box full, and only one fits. And you leave me standing on my porch because you're scared."

"I was either going to stay with you because I was scared or leave you for the same reason. At least this way I'm not dragging you into my shit."

He leaned away. The tile pattern was pressed into the flesh of his arms.

"Don't," I whispered, putting my hand on his waist.

He didn't twist away, but he didn't want me to touch him. I sensed it in the way he stiffened, his sharp intake of breath, the way his eyes closed halfway. "The cameras in your house. I know who put them there."

The plink plonk of water dropping from the faucets and our bodies echoed like slaps on the tile. "Who?"

"Me." He opened the door with a snap.

"What?"

He stepped out and grabbed a towel, wrapping it over his shoulders. I was still naked and wet, unimpressed by towels or anything else, standing half out of the shower.

"Santon found the serial numbers and followed the money to one of my accounts."

"What does that mean?" I felt wound up, hot, heart pounding like a drum machine.

"It means someone who had access to one of my accounts had them put in. To answer your next question, yes, Jessica had access to that account. Yes, I think it was her, and no, I don't know why."

"Why?" I asked as if I hadn't heard him.

"Still don't know. What I do know is you're not ready to deal with whatever she's going to dish out."

If I had been mentally sober, I wouldn't have been so insulted, but it had been a rough ten minutes. "So basically, you burst in, mostly naked and fully hard, terrifying the hell out of me. You make me sing this heavy song in your ear, and then you tell me your ex-fucking-wife is the one who shit on my house, and for a finale, you call me weak?"

"I'm protecting you."

"Bullshit. How about the sadism staying in the bedroom?"

I balled my fists and stared at him, trying to transmit how offended I was. The showerhead dripped three times. Plink plonk plink.

He moved so fast I didn't even see it, but I felt it in the shifting of the air. I flinched as though I was about to get hit. His hands grabbed the sides of my face, and his mouth came to mine, his tongue parting my lips forcefully. I opened them once I was over the shock. His tongue touched mine. It may as well have touched my clit, my cunt, my ass, such was the intensity of the feeling. Between the song and the adrenaline rush, the chemicals in my body were set to respond, rushing blood and fluids between my legs. I put my hands on his neck, moving my face against his. He pushed me against the glass of the shower.

I pressed my pelvis against him, grinding against his dick. He felt good. Better than good. He felt right. I wanted him. I wanted his chest against mine. I wanted his hands to grip my ass. My ni**les hardened for him, as if drawn millimeters closer by sheer magnetism.

Grabbing my hair as if for leverage, he pulled away. "Monica," he gasped, eyes closed, lips grazing mine.

"Jonathan, please."

"I shouldn't even be in here."

"Yes, you should. It's fine. We'll just do it now. Figure the rest out later. I'm screaming inside; you have no idea. I don't feel like myself. It's like something in me is sleeping until you show up. When you do, it turns into a wild animal in a matchstick cage."

He pulled away. "You drive me crazy."

I felt him leaving even before his body moved. "Don't make me beg."

"I won't let you." He dropped his hands. "I'm sorry. I just lost control when I heard you singing. But you can't come back to me just because we're naked in the same room. I can't..." He looked at the floor, then back at me. "Jessica's the tip of the iceberg. You being afraid-it hurts in my bones."

"I know," I said, resigned to him walking out of the bathroom without f**king me blind. "I'm the one sleeping on her best friend's couch."

I snapped the robe off the hook. It was warm, white, and plush as hell, yet when I put it on, it offered no comfort.

"Just go," I said. "I can't even look at you."

He paused, looked at the floor, then he spun on his heel and strode out without looking back.

CHAPTER 22.

MONICA

Two in the morning.

No word from Kevin.

I heard not a peep from Jonathan's side of the door. I touched it once before bed. At one-thirty, I sat on the floor with my back to it, looking at the ridiculously opulent suite. Everything was done perfectly, and nothing was fixed.

I knew who'd put the cameras in the house. Maybe I could go home, or maybe knowing it was Jessica would make it worse. What the hell was she trying to do? Make a public scandal? If so, why now? Why with an anonymous waitress she'd tried to take into her confidence? Who did it and when was it done?

I wished I hadn't found out. All the questions I'd tried not to ask because they were upsetting came to me in a flood, and I couldn't sleep. I repositioned myself on the floor, pulling cushions from the couch. I was about to open a work of art in a museum, and at early o'clock in the morning, I found myself curled up in front of a locked door, my mind going in circles.

In between those questions and stumbling blocks over my house, I had to ask myself if I wanted that man in my life. Due to my prolific musical output over the past Jonathan-free weeks, I knew he was a work-stoppage waiting to happen. He knew it. That was why he'd walked out in wet underwear rather than take me right on the floor.

I really did wish I hadn't touched him that first time. I wished I hadn't taken that monkey of a bet that night at Frontage. I wished I hadn't met him at the Loft Club after his trip to Korea, and I wished I hadn't forgiven him for kissing Jessica. I had had every opportunity to take control of my life, but I didn't.

I watched the sky go from navy to royal, to cyan, to baby boy blue. I'd entered a fugue state of regret and dissatisfaction but had found no sleep. It wasn't a good day to be tired, but I had to get up and do the work.

CHAPTER 23.

MONICA

"Have you heard anything?" Darren asked without a "hello" or "good morning."

"No." I peered over his shoulder at the breakfast buffet. It was ridiculously luxurious. "Nada. I called him, like, seven times." Silver chafing dishes held three different preparations of egg, sweet treats like pancakes and French toast, and breakfast meats all in a row. Or if we preferred our breakfast fresh and had a minute to spare, stations with men in chefs' hats were ready to make us an omelet or waffle. The dishes were pure white and spotless. The flatware was heavier than a clarinet. Everyone who worked there smiled in their crisp whites, and all the guests seemed perfectly comfortable with a white-linen-and-crystal breakfast.

I got a little fruit and a croissant, feeling as though I wasn't taking advantage of what was given, but I had no appetite.

"I called the hotel," Darren continued. "They can't tell me if he checked in or not. It's against some kind of law or rule or whatever." He carried his corn flakes to the table.

I grabbed tea and followed. "We should blow by the hotel."

"Yeah. Then we gotta go to the B.C. Mod and pray we can figure it out."

I shrugged. "You know he's probably there in a designer suit already, chatting up the curator about luminous banalities and cultural fetishism until she lifts her skirt."

"It's a him."

"Kev's not that picky."

"Crabby this morning. Did we fail to get Mister Drazen into bed?"

"He means nothing to me."

Darren cracked a laugh.

"Good morning," came a voice that shouldn't have surprised me at all.

"Speak of the devil," Darren said.

"Good morning," I said as Jonathan sat down. He looked well-rested and fresh as a f**king daisy. Suit pressed. Shoes shined. Hair messed up exactly enough so it looked as though he spent no time on it at all. I figured I looked pale and wrung out, dark circles and all. My body wasn't built for three hours of sleep a night, and certainly not for as little as I'd gotten in front of his motherfucking door.

"How are you guys getting around today?" he asked.

"Don't even think about it," I said.

A waitress brought Jonathan scrambled eggs, potatoes, and fruit. He didn't even have to stand at the buffet for it.

"Please," Darren said around his cereal. "Whatever you're going to offer, I'll accept. She won't take anything from you in front of me. We had this fight-"

"Shut up," I snapped.

Jonathan put sugar in his coffee, smiled at me, and turned back to Darren. "The hotel car is a blue Audi. Your driver's name is Feran. He'll take you to the museum and back, and he'll take you back for the event tonight."

"We have to make a stop," I said. "We haven't gotten in touch with Kevin, and I want to go to the Marriot and see if he's there."

"They won't tell you anything," he said. "Not even his room number. It's the law. Do you want me to find out for you?"

"You own that hotel, too?" I said.

"Yes," Darren cut in. "Can you do that please? See if he checked in? Text me if she's being a bitch."

Jonathan raised an eyebrow at Darren, seemingly offended by the name-calling. Was he seriously being protective against Darren? And this was the same guy who left me in my bathroom, fully unfucked, without looking back? This guy was bristling about me getting called a bitch by a guy who was practically my brother?

"Darren," I said, "it's cunt to you. See-yoo-en-tee."

Jonathan smiled behind his coffee cup.

Darren laughed but didn't repeat the word. "I prefer bitch, but whatever." He threw down his napkin. "I gotta arrange the equipment. When is the driver going to be around?"

"The front desk knows who you are. Have them send him when you're ready."

"This is the only way to fly, isn't it?"

"It is."

Darren kissed me on the cheek and left me with Jonathan, who looked unflustered.

"I couldn't sleep," he said.

"You don't sleep anyway. You nap."

"Three hours I need, and I didn't get them."

I leaned to the right, just to be a little closer to him. "I crashed in front of the door."

He sighed as if he got no satisfaction from the information. "I was lying on the couch not sleeping."

"My guess is it was for the same reason I was on the floor, not sleeping."

He fingered his water glass, and again I couldn't keep my eyes off his hands. His watch had a fat metal band in a blackish silver. Analog. One dial. The simplicity of it, draped on his wrist, brought out the arch of his hand, and I remembered the deep clinking sound it made when he f**ked me.

"What are we doing?" he asked.

"You're trying to get me to beg for you back."

"I'm trying to get you to see that your fears are real. If we do this, if you commit yourself to me, you're going to get consumed. I think that's what you're trying to avoid."

"Yeah." I could see it. The cameras in my house were no more than a sign of worse things to come. The uncontrollable publicity that had nothing to do with my music. The implication that any success I had was because of him. The kink. The enemies. But worse, the emotional entanglement. I already felt more than I wanted to. If I actually let myself go, he would truly devour me.

I shook my head. "Can we decide when we get back? My brain's mush right now."

"Would you come to Seoul with me?"

"What? Why?"

"I'm going to have to leave as soon as I get back to L.A., and I can't wait another two weeks for us to figure this out. If I take off, I could lose you. I need to convince you, and I need it to be real. I can't f**k a commitment out of you. That'll be worthless. I have to have your heart, Monica. The real thing. Without fear."

"I can't promise I won't be ever scared."

"Of me." He put his hand over mine. He didn't touch it; he hovered as though he wanted to touch me and was as afraid of the contact as I was. "I don't feel close to anyone, except sometimes you. Sometimes I have moments with you." He took his hand away and put it back on his glass. "I want you, and I need everything from you. First, that you take me the right way. No compromises. No halfway mark."

He didn't equivocate with his gaze or posture. A part of me melted in his direction. How I wanted to yield to him, and how I wanted to run in terror. The tension between those compulsions made words as impossible as movements. I couldn't run away from him or touch him. I couldn't agree to two weeks away from L.A., the logistics of which were no small thing. I had a job and a commitment to Frontage.

"Will you come?" he asked. "I'll be working, but I can make sure you have the time of your life."

His eyes seemed bigger than they ever had. As if he really wanted me to come and would be devastated if I didn't. As if our relationship hinged on a trip to Asia.

"Monica." Darren spoke up from behind me, interrupting a gaze a hundred feet deep and a million years long. "Come on."

"We'll talk later," I said to Jonathan.

"See you tonight." He smiled as if nothing in the world was wrong.

CHAPTER 24.

MONICA

Feran, a handsome Middle Eastern guy in a black jacket and pants, was waiting in the navy blue Audi sedan. I didn't know Audis came that big, but the equipment fit in the back, with one of the back seats folded down. I told Darren to sit in the front, and we were off to the museum.

Vancouver was huge in a different way than Los Angeles, more vertical. The towering glass buildings clumped together like schoolchildren lining up for home room. The lower architecture was old, with brick brownstones backed by narrow alleys. Parking lots were few and far between. I guessed that posed a problem people were willing to live with because the streets were wall-to-wall humanity, even at eight in the morning.

About a minute passed before both my and Darren's phones dinged.

-He never checked into the Marriot-

"Shit, Darren," I said.

"Yeah, I got it. What could have happened to him?"

"Why are you asking me?" I had an unjustified defensive reaction, as if somehow it was my fault he was M.I.A. because I didn't sleep with him.

"I'm not asking you." Darren twisted to face me. "I'm asking generally. What could have happened? He doesn't miss shit like this."

I said what I wouldn't have said if he really had accused me. "It's not because of the other night? Do you think?"

He pulled his phone from his pocket and scrolled around. "Get over yourself. Let me make some calls."

And call he did the whole way to the museum. A virtual glad-hand and polite, warm ends to conversations allowed him to make four calls in fifteen minutes.

We pulled up to the loading dock behind a blond stone building. Though the museum itself was new, the old warehouse in the center of town was a hundred years old if it was a day, gutted and repurposed to save it from extinction. That was when Darren got through to someone who knew something.

"Geraldine, hey, man," Darren said as we got out and Feran started unloading. "Have you heard from Kevin?"

I ignored the pause because I already expected the call would be a dead end.

But Darren bent his neck to the sky and closed his eyes, mumbling, "Oh f**k." Then he put his arm around my shoulders. That did not bode well. "Did you get him one?" I heard her voice through the phone, with its New Yawk twang and fast talk. "Why didn't you call us? We're sitting here-"

He obviously got cut off. Geraldine's voice came through loudly in a machine gun fire of clipped consonants. "Fine, fine. No, it's okay... We don't blame you. Can you call me if you hear anything?" He hung up soon after. "We're f**ked."

"Is he okay?"

"He's alive. He called Geraldine for a lawyer since she has family in Idaho."

"He's in Idaho?"

"He got himself on some international watch list. When he was stopped at customs, they found out he had open warrants and shipped him to the state where the crimes were committed. Back home."

"Crimes? Watch list?"

"He was on parole. He skipped when he came to L.A. We've hit the end of my knowledge. "

I was glad he was okay, at least. Not hurt or dead. Not drunk in an alley. And though it was egotistical and narcissistic to even consider it, I was glad he didn't stay away because of what had happened between us.

"We can do it. Right?" I said, taking a box from Darren.

"He has the diagrams."

"Do you remember how it goes together?"

"I want to say yes," he said without confidence.

"Me too. We can do this."

"Yeah."

We were relieved of the boxes of equipment as soon as we got into the guts of the building. Four men in dark blue suits and badges opened the boxes, checked them, checked our ID, and asked a ton of questions.

"Unnamed Threesome. Where's the third?" asked a bald guy who looked as if he was made of lead.

"Late," I auto-lied. "We need to check on the rest of the piece? It was coming through L.A. Special Transport?"

"Do you have the tracking numbers?"

"No."

"Commercial invoice?"

"No."

"Customs transfer certificate?"

"Look," Darren cut in, "the guy with all the paperwork got held up with an immigration mix up. We have the sound equipment and specs for it, but that's it."

"Mister Rivers!" A man in a black turtleneck and wire-framed glasses approached us. He seemed to be in his mid-fifties, with a close-shorn head of grey hair. Darren recognized him. They shook hands.

"Monica, this is-"

"Samuel Kendall, your curator. You must be the lady without the passport."

"I fixed that."

"Obviously." What could have been an insult actually wasn't. He said it with a slight bow of his head and a little play of a smile. "I heard what happened to Kevin. We actually have a problem far more serious."

As if a mask had been removed without him moving a muscle or changing his expression, I saw that Mr. Kendall, under his veneer of jolly intelligence, was livid.

"How serious?" I asked.

"Career-ending serious." He smiled again in that same way. "Please, follow me."

Darren and I walked down a long hall with him. He spoke with his head half-turned, his words echoing against the cinderblocks. "We allocated space for this piece, and a ton of it. We have financiers who expect a full show, and collectors waiting to see a whole piece."

We entered a larger, unfinished space with exposed ventwork and sprinklers. Crates and boxes stood everywhere. Kendall found three crates close to the loading dock and indicated them. Two were eight-feet tall. One was as big as a kitchen table.

Kendall stood by them and smiled, tilting his head. "What the f**k is this?"

Darren picked up a clipboard from the short crate and flipped though the paperwork. I never realized how brave and unflappable he was. At least in situations that didn't involve me or his sister. Or his sexuality. He was as easy to throw as anyone, just not in matters of his career. Bless him, that was the only place I felt as though I had the wrong time signature.

"We're missing four crates." He flipped through the pages. "A page of the commercial invoice is missing."

I inspected the tall crates. They'd all been labeled and numbered to match the assembly instructions. Kevin had reviewed it with me for no other reason than to sate my curiosity.

"They're currently in customs, thank you," said Kendall. "Even if they're released immediately, they won't get here for the preview. Sir and Madame, I cannot express to you the financial impact this will have on the museum if we do not have this piece installed. Allocation of space is eighty percent of our concern, and to have a gallery empty is unacceptable."

"The gallery won't be empty," I said. "We'll have to figure out the sound system, but I think we can get this to work. It won't be a complete piece, and it won't match the catalog, but the space will have something in it."

"If it sells, there will be financial repercussions."

"If it doesn't, it'll be worse," muttered Darren. He looked up from the clipboard. "Can we get these moved?"

"Right away," Kendall replied. "We've gotten a lot of interest in this piece." Darren and I looked at each other as Kendall hailed down a guy with a forklift.

CHAPTER 25.

MONICA

My idea was simple. The installation had four walls. Two had been delivered. A bunch of carefully indexed detritus was in the kitchen table-sized box. That was enough for half a piece. If we placed it against a corner of the gallery, we would at least have four walls.

"Two of them will be plain white," Darren said. "The whole meaning of the thing was about the overwhelming nature of emotional vulnerability."

"Think about the overwhelming nature of telling that guy his gallery's going to be empty."

We didn't know what we were doing. We'd made something using Kevin's expertise, and though we tried to learn all we could while contributing to the visuals, Darren and I had essentially designed the sound. We placed the speakers, deciding which types to use and where. We conceptualized it, recorded it, mixed it, and made it work. We talked with Kevin about how the sound would work within the scope of the piece, but anything that could be seen was his. He had the last word.

So the assembly design had been up to him, and it concerned us only insofar as the speakers needed a place to be hidden.

The galleries were packed with artists hanging their work, and when they heard about our plight, we found volunteer helping hands and working minds who understood how to put up an installation. The front of the house, with the doorway, and the adjacent wall. The bug inside was a whole, finished asset. The thing didn't look entirely broken. Darren and I decided how to get the sound to work by using the museum's walls, which we decided to leave white. Darren could have drawn something on them, but it wouldn't have matched Kevin's artistry. We placed the glass and broken cinderblock as we remembered it. When it was as good as it was going to get, with the walls stabilized, the top part hovering over the gash, and the layers of my voice filled the room, the artists that had helped us stood back and applauded themselves and us for pulling a rabbit out of a hat.

Though we'd make a success of the show if it killed us, the talk around the galleries was that Kevin's career was jeopardized. Non-delivery of work was such a dead serious infraction that even the craziest artists didn't get away with it. Non-delivery was a loss of space. It was a loss of prestige and face. It was apologies and returned money.

When he got out of whatever hole he was in back home in Idaho, Kevin would have to dig himself out of an even deeper hole in the art world. I didn't envy him. As a matter of fact, I felt very, very sorry for him.

CHAPTER 26.

MONICA

We were very close to being late. The piece had gotten up and the music turned on as the caterers finished the buffet and bar. Feran had been at our service the whole time, even shuttling Darren around to pick up a cable he needed to reconfigure the sound. He sped us through the city, around side streets and highways, and got us back to the hotel with seven minutes to spare.

"Dude," Darren said, "thanks."

They shook hands like only men can, and Darren and I ran to our rooms.

The door between our suites was open. I peeked into Jonathan's space and found him in a tuxedo shirt and tie, setting in a cufflink. Clean-shaven, hair neatened for the event, wearing a suit sexier than any lingerie, he silenced my reproaches about the open door just by looking as though he'd stepped out of a magazine.

"You look nice," I said.

"Thank you. I had some things sent from Yaletown," he said. "They're in the closet."

"I brought my Eclipse dress."

"No doubt you did." He tapped his watch. "I'm leaving. But you guys are going to be late if you don't move it."

"I have to close this." I indicated the door.

"Shoo."

As painful as it was to cut him out of my vision, I closed the door. Of course, I had no intention of wearing any dress he had sent from wherever he said they were sent from. I got out my Eclipse dress, which was the most beautiful thing I owned. I loved it. But next to it in the closet hung a wide garment bag designed for multiple hangers. In this case, seven.

I hung the Eclipse dress in the bathroom, behind the door, so the steam would relax it, and ran the shower. As I undressed, I made it a point to not think about the seven dresses. In all likelihood, they didn't go with my shoes. I didn't have the right accessories, and looking at them would only hammer home what I already knew. The dresses had been picked out by someone who didn't know me, didn't know my taste, and obviously shopped with an eye to making that gorgeous man's female interest look like a wet dumpling.

The shower wasn't the right temperature. Not quite too cold. Maybe it was too hot. That was it. I inched the handle a quarter inch toward cold and ran to the closet as though the bag held candy and opened it so fast the zipper screamed.

"God help me," I said. "I am not made of stone."

Seven dresses. Four black. I pushed those to the side. Everyone was going to be wearing black, and time was ticking by. Darren would knock in minutes.

One tonal print. Out.

The last two fell just below the knee. A sparkly, flesh-colored halter with a handkerchief bottom, and a red, low-cut power suit that screamed don't f**k with me. That was it. And it went with the shoes.

I showered fast, keeping my hair dry. Quick shave. Soap all over. Dried like lightning and out to the closet.

Right. Red dress.

I pulled my underwear out of the bag, and of course, though I intended to wear my regular cottons, the lace and garter were right there. The set was white with gold hooks and clasps. The suspenders were satin with overlayed lace, and the rings holding the straps were as big as quarters. The front was held together with tiny gold hooks. Fuck it. At least I had an outside chance of getting laid in it.

When I pulled the dress out of the bag, I saw another, smaller bag was attached. I opened it to find a pair of red-soled shoes inside. Oh. Could it be?

Removing the cream halter dress, I found a pair of five-inch stilettos in a matching cream. Fuck, they all had shoes. Which meant I needed another hour. I had to look at every dress in the bag, every pair of shoes, and God help me, two of the black ones had scarves.

There was a knock at the door two rooms away.

"Mon? Come on!" It was Darren.

I ran through the bedroom, the living room, the dining area, and called through the foyer, "One second!"

Red dress.

But when I got to the closet, I realized I didn't want to look like a bitch on fire. I didn't want to be dangerously sexy. I wanted to be sweet and approachable. I slipped on the cream dress. I looked pretty. Like a woman of grace.

CHAPTER 27.

JONATHAN

Plan B was on his way to the museum from the airport. Petra had gone to her doctor's appointment and gleefully told me she'd have to stop flying in a few months. I envied Jacques.

I'd left Feran with Monica and Darren, sent someone else for Plan B, and drove myself to the museum. I was much more comfortable at B.C. Mod than at the Eclipse show. My wife held little sway on this side of the border, and my place on the finance committee came not through family connections but a love of art Lanie Jackson had noticed when I donated some postmodern pieces to the burgeoning museum.

It was a small space and would never be the Moma or L.A. Mod, but Vancouver didn't need a palace. It needed something intimate, like the city itself.

That night would be a smallish, boozy affair with collectors and fellow curators. It was Monica's moment, and without Kevin around to suck the wind out of her, she could enjoy it. At the entrance, a string quartet played lilting top forty classical with a pianist at a black baby grand. I said some hellos, shook some hands, laughed at a couple of stupid jokes about L.A., and got a whiskey. I eventually found the Unnamed Threesome by following the sound of Monica's voice.

It wasn't the same piece. Though her voice, layered forty times like angels singing, then screaming, then moaning, was perfect, the piece wasn't as good. Adequate. It would do. It wasn't shameful, and it didn't look wrong as much as it looked somehow aborted. I couldn't figure out if the difference was that I'd seen it in its complete state and my eye had been colored, or if it truly did have something truncated about it.

Samuel Kendall approached me, hand out, wearing the same black turtleneck he always wore. "Did you see the Simulcra Brothers piece in the West Hall?"

"Not yet." I pointed at the truncated house. "Got stopped by the voice."

"What do you think?" he asked.

"I saw it in L.A."

"Ah, so you saw it complete." He ground his teeth. He was not a happy man. "It was good. Amateur mistake." He wagged his finger at me. "Never deal with amateurs."

I swallowed my drink and smiled. "Amateur comes from the Latin agent amatus. To love. Never worry about love. Love delivers. It's the incompetent professionals that'll screw you."

Kendall laughed bitterly. "Every freaking time." He looked over my shoulder. "Who is that?" I followed his gaze to Plan B, who had just arrived.

"Harry Enrich, the president of Carnival Records. Great guy. I have some property for him to look at. He's thinking of opening a mini-studio up here."

"Who isn't?"

Harry came my way with his wife, Yasmine, on his arm. He was a small man with wiry hair and cheeks that were never free of late-day shadow. "Jonathan, you've met my wife?"

"Nice to see you again."

"Beautiful plane," she said.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it."

I introduced them to Kendall, and Harry didn't waste a second before asking him, "Who is this?" He pointed at the ceiling. "I know that voice."

"She just walked in," I said, knowing I was smiling.

She'd chosen the cream dress with the tiny sequins. As willful as she was, she proved she was mine with every small, seemingly inconsequential decision. She looked breathtaking, even on Darren's arm, leaning on him as if he were her brother. In my mind, he was. She waved when she saw me and made her way to the bar.

"Don't recognize her," Harry said.

"Monica Faulkner."

It rang a bell. In the tilt of his head and look in his eye, I knew Harry recognized the name. I also knew he didn't know it well enough to be attached to any notion of how she should be signed or branded. That had all been Eddie's idea.

CHAPTER 28.

MONICA

I dragged Darren through the lobby and into the galleries without telling him I was looking for Jonathan. I found Jonathan by our piece with three other people, including Kendall of the black turtleneck. The other man looked like Harry Enrich from Carnival, but he couldn't be. Jonathan looked more relaxed and comfortable than he had been at the Eclipse show. More affable, somehow, better in his own skin, if that was even possible.

"I need a drink," I whispered to Darren.

He nodded and pulled me back to the lobby. The string quartet and pianist, two women dressed in long black skirts and three men in tuxedos, played a Brahms' Hungarian Dance like a dirge. It somehow worked. Gabby and I had taken a ton of gigs like this through high school and college. Little parties and big events full of wealthy people trying to act wealthy. They paid crap, but we figured we would have been practicing anyway.

"What are you having?" Darren asked, somewhat less comfortable in a suit and tie than Jonathan. He cast his eyes down to his phone.

"Whiskey rocks. Who's texting? Kevin? Is he okay?"

"No." He tapped the bar then shook his head as if a fly had landed on his hair. "No, I mean it's not Kev."

"Okay?"

"Adam has landed."

"Is he coming?"

Darren rubbed his eyes. "I don't know what I want."

"Well, if he's here and he came to see you, you'd better think of something fast. Like a piece of pie or a cookie. You don't want him to waste the trip."

Our drinks came with a flirty glance from the bartender to me. He had arched eyebrows and full lips, reminding me of Kevin..

Christian Rondo, one of the artists who had helped us that afternoon, introduced us to Donna Santonini. Meeting her made me blush because not only was her work unforgettable, it was also p**n ographic and arousing and high-minded, all at once. I loved her, told her so, and met seven other people in the next ten minutes.

My customer service smile was getting a workout. Everyone thought I was with Darren, and we fell naturally into a brother/sister routine we'd honed since we broke up. The musicians took a break, silencing the background noise. Our klatch of artists didn't notice. We just kept talking about getting shafted, f**ked, disrespected, kicked in the ass. Stuff we all had in common.

And Kevin. We talked about the missing status of Kevin Wainwright.

I felt Jonathan's hand on my back. Even through my dress, I knew his touch. His fingertips just grazed me, and I wanted to melt under them.

"That dress makes me want to destroy you," he said in my ear.

I faced him, and I noticed his hand left my back. I felt suddenly cold. "Missed your opportunity last night."

"I'll take you when you're ready and not a minute sooner." He pressed his lips together, looking at me as if he'd swallow me whole once the moment of readiness came. "I have someone here who swears he's heard your voice on some scratch cut one of his acquisitions people brought him."

I looked behind Jonathan and found the guy I thought was Harry Enrich talking to three other people I didn't recognize. "The president of Carnival records?"

"Eddie's boss."

Jonathan and I stood together, looking at each other, no words passing between us. I saw the blue flecks in his eyes and the laugh lines at their corners.

"I could introduce you," he said. "Or you could remind him of the cut he heard." He glanced at the empty piano, then back at me.

"I could prove I'm not Bondage Girl?"

He nodded. "The song can be what you want. Sing it."

"You're releasing it?"

"Yes."

"What if I sang something else?"

"Your call. I'll never hold you back again."

"Jonathan." Leaning into him with my eyes half-closed, I whispered it so softly, I doubted he even heard me.

"Go," he whispered just as softly. "Take what's yours."

He stepped back, and I felt at once totally alone and totally powerful.

Eleven steps to the piano.

I could do the new song, "Crave/n/" He'd recognize my voice, maybe, but I'd be Monica.

Six steps to the piano.

But if I did "Collared," he'd know who I was right away.

Bondage Girl.

Two steps, and limited time to get the song out before the musicians came off their break.

I slid onto the bench and started with a B-flat scale, then my fingers decided the song for me.

CHAPTER 29.

MONICA

The hotel carpet silenced my feet. The sconces lining the hall cast warm light on the wainscoting, and the elevator got smaller in the distance as if it was stepping away from me. I felt as though I was walking down the center aisle of a church after receiving a benediction that actually conferred a blessing.

I touched his door when I walked past it. Just once and exactly in the center. I slid the keycard through the reader. The green light flashed, and I opened my door.

A single lamp lit the living area, and the first thing I checked was the door between our rooms. It was closed. I touched it, pressing my whole hand to the wood, then I knocked. I breathed three times before the door opened.

Jonathan stood there, jacket open, tie undone, shirt open halfway. A glass of whiskey with a single ice cube hung from his fingertips. "How did it go?"

"You left."

"It was your moment." He leaned in the doorframe, but his bare feet were still on his side. "Which song did you pick?"

"I did 'Collared,' but different. Less bondage. More sweet."

He took a sip of whiskey. "And?"

I looked for a negative reaction and saw none. "They demanded another. So I did 'Craven.' Went good. Real good. I wish you were there."

"I'm here now."

He was, in all his straight-shouldered, commanding, controlled beauty. Right there in front of me. Close enough for me to smell whiskey and leather.

"I'd like to go to Seoul with you," I said without thinking. Even as it came out of my mouth, I knew it was the right thing. I felt a press of tension flow out of me in a flood from the rightness of it.

Jonathan looked at the floor, and I couldn't see his face. Had he changed his mind? A little tension returned until he picked up his head and looked at me. His smile went wide, and he touched his chest.

"Goddess." He looked as though he wanted to say more but didn't have the words.

"I have to figure out what to do about work. I might lose my job."

"I can smooth it over with Debbie."

"Do not." I held up my finger. "It's my responsibility."

"You've made me very happy."

I had a snide response at the ready, but instead I said, "I'm glad." The ice in his glass clinked, and I looked at it wistfully. He held it out. I parted my lips, and he raised the glass to them and tipped a little liquid in, his fingertips at the bottom so they didn't touch my face. The whiskey stung my tongue and burned my throat. Hot and cold swirled in my chest at the same time.

"Thank you," I said. "I should be getting to sleep."

"Of course," he said, stepping backward into his room.

"Not like I'm tired or anything."

"Right."

"But there's this no touching rule, and if I spend another second with you, I'm going to lose my mind and try to take your clothes off. I'm tired of being the one with no self-control around here."

He just looked at me, up and down, a little smirk playing at the corners of his mouth. I knew that look; Jonathan calculating the game, imagining all of its possibilities.

"I'll tell you what," he said. "Your choice. We wait until we get back to L.A. We talk. We agree you never turn your back on me again unless I cheat on you or hurt you, neither of which will happen. We rush off to Korea, and I'll probably have you on the plane or in a car or something. I don't even know. Or the other option, and this is a terrible idea..."

He stopped.

"Go on," I said, a little excitement building between my legs.

"Right now, you agree never turn your back on me again unless I cheat on you or hurt you."

"And?"

"When this ice cube melts, the no touch rule is rescinded."

I cleared my throat and looked down. My hands were at my sides, fingers twitching as if I was playing a stringed instrument. "Jonathan."

"Monica."

"I can't imagine a situation where I'd turn my back on you again. At least, not for us being who we are. I won't deny it again. I won't pretend it's anything but what it is or that I'm not submissive to you sexually. If you f**k or even kiss someone else, we're through. And if you hurt me or if you're careless with me, I really will walk." I softened my tone and leaned towards him. "Barring that, I'm yours. You own me. You always have."

He stepped into my side of the doorway. He was so close. All I had to do was lean forward, and he'd have to catch me to keep me from falling.

"Here's how it's going to go then, Monica. Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"When this ice cube melts, I'm going to make love to you so slow, everyone in this hotel is going to know my name. It won't be play. It's going to be dead serious."

"Okay." I peered into his glass. That ice cube looked huge.

"Then it's playtime." As he'd done on our first night, he took his glass and pressed the coldest bottom part to my nipple. He didn't touch me, only the glass did. I hardened through the dress, parting my lips so the ah could come out. "I'm going to tie you down and take every part of your body until I'm satisfied. It will hurt, goddess, and you will beg for more."

"Promise?"

"You're not scared?"

"Actually, I'm kind of really turned on."

He drank the rest of the whiskey and lodged the ice cube in his mouth. He put down the glass and leaned toward me. The ice touched my lips, and he dragged it across them, dripping cold water down my chin. I opened my mouth and took the cube, but he didn't let go. Both of our mouths were lodged on that cube, me at six and one and him at five and two. A low groan escaped my throat. I ran my tongue along the bottom of the ice, trying to get it to melt faster. His face was so near, and the cube so cold and big between us, I felt both the closeness and distance acutely.

He yanked his jacket off, taking me with him. I grunted but didn't let go. He undid his cufflinks, tossed them aside, and went for his shirt buttons. I saw the laughter and pleasure in his eyes as I tried to twist my head to watch, but couldn't.

I undid the clasp behind my neck that would release the halter. The bodice dropped, and it was his turn to groan and try to twist his head. My turn to laugh around that god damn hateful ice cube. I unzipped the side of the skirt as he shrugged off his shirt, the yanking pulled our mouths in different directions. Our muffled laughter was a symphony.

Cold water dripped down our chins, and we sucked on that cube, willing it gone. The dress dropped to the carpet, revealing the white lace and satin garter with the big gold rings. He gasped and said something that sounded like it could have been "oh my God." He held his hands over my hips, as if he wanted to caress me, but the ice cube still existed. It was shrinking, but the no touch rule kept him inches above my skin.

His belt clanked when he undid it. His zipper buzzed. He held his head so I couldn't look down, and the cold, amused look in his eyes told me how much he enjoyed my frustration. Bastard. He leaned down to pull off his pants, and I bent with him.

He was naked. I was in garter and heels. The ice cube was half its original size. He pushed forward, still not touching me, until I got the hint and walked backward, connected to him at the mouth. Step by backward step, through the living area and into the bedroom. I backed up to the bed, and he dropped on top of me, hands on the mattress on either side of my head. The ice cube was down to a sliver, and he slid his tongue into my mouth. I gasped, finally feeling a piece of him against a piece of me, even if the ice made him cold. I'd take it. Anything. My skin was hungry for his touch.

I don't know when the ice actually disappeared down my throat, but his mouth on mine became more of a real kiss, more a dance of breaths and movements. I dared to touch his chest. When he didn't pull away, I groaned into his mouth. His skin against my hands, the bumps of his ni**les. The ribs at his sides. The hardness of his hips. The line of hair on his belly.

Before I could get my hand between his legs, he shifted down and took my nipple in his mouth, sucking it between his teeth and sending pulsing shivers down my body. I wove my fingers in his hair, pulling him to me.

"Oh, God, Jonathan. Take me. Please."

"Not yet." He moved to the other breast. "Slow. We've waited too long to rush." He slipped a finger under the garter belt, backing away to look at it. "And what you're wearing. It's magnificent."

He leaned back and drew both hands down my thighs over the belts and straps, pressing my legs apart with a gentle push. I opened for him, showing him how wet and ready I was. He kissed between my thighs. Licked. Sucked. I tried to push his head to the center, but he worked the other thigh until I was a pulsing, undulating mess. He looked up at me, pausing, his mouth hidden behind my sex.

"Yes," I whispered. "Please."

He put his tongue on me, and my back arched. He backed off until I calmed, then he licked me again in earnest.

"Fuck!" I shouted, reacting to the gunshot of pleasure in my crotch. He spread me open and lightly ran his tongue over my clit while watching me. His heat ran from my knees to my waist and was about to regroup under his tongue. "I'm going to come unless you stop."

"Come then," he said. "Won't be your last time tonight." With that, he put his thumb in my cunt and licked my clit in earnest, pressing his second finger on my ass, massaging it without entering it. He was telling me something, and I was listening. He sucked gently on my clit, and a little harder, and a little harder again until he yanked a fast, violent orgasm out of me. I pushed against his mouth, holding the back of his head.

When I was done, he kissed inside my thighs again and worked his way back up to my face.

"Thank you," I said.

"My pleasure." He took my hands and pulled them over my head, pressing down with all his weight. "Open your legs for me."

I did.

"Bend your knees."

I pulled my legs up as far as I could. He looked deeply into my eyes, nose to nose, and slid his c**k into me. I was sensitive and wet, and I felt as if a lightning rod had been lodged into my pelvis. All fiery sensation, and slow. He moved as if he was underwater.

"How is that?" he asked.

"Like I'm going to come again. I feel everything. Every inch."

He pushed in, still holding my hands, rocked his hips, then pulled out. He repeated his movements at that pace until a little nugget of frustration built in my belly.

"Faster," I said. "Can you go faster?"

"You mean like this?" He pulled out and pounded me, slamming against me. Five times. I cried out, reaching the next level of pleasure.

Then he stopped, letting my hands go.

"Exactly like that," I said.

"No," he said with a smile. "Can't. Sorry."

"Oh, no. Don't be an ass**le."

But his smile told me he had every intention of being an ass**le, and worse. The underwater pace continued. I felt like a balloon was opening up inside me, squeezing all pleasure and sensation out, but he just moved on top of me, rocking, kissing my neck, dragging his lips across my cheek, until he gazed into my face.

"I want you to feel me," he said. "I want you to see this side of me, how I feel about you."

I touched his face. "I know."

"Goddess. You're beautiful. Let me be yours." His face lost a little of its control, tightening and loosening at the same time.

"You know I love you," I said.

"Oh, f**k. I'm there."

"Yes."

He increased the pace incrementally, but it was all I needed. The balloon expanded, and I came, pushing my hips forward and taking all of him inside me. My orgasm was slow as the f**k. I felt every second of it as the ball of fire moved from the backs of my knees to the base of my spine, collecting around his c**k before it shattered. I kept my hands on his face, feeling the muscles clench as he came. We cried out together, a stream of names and curses and unspellable pulsing vowel sounds. We prayed to whatever god we believed in, because feeling like that meant that there had to be a God, and heaven, and earthly bliss. We rolled onto our sides, still pumping together, emptying the last of our orgasms inside each other.

There was only breathing for a minute after that. He kissed my fingers when I put them near his mouth. I'd wanted him for weeks, yearned for his touch even when he was miles away. Having had him, I could only say I wanted him again.

"I hope you don't think you're rolling over and going to sleep," I said.

"I have promises to keep this evening."

"Ah, the owning me."

"Every part of you."

"When do we start?"

"Give me a minute to change from vanilla guy to kinky guy."

I rolled on my back and laughed. Vanilla? Jonathan? The thought. He turned and stroked my chest, fingers reaching for a nipple. He fondled it hard, then pinched until it hurt. I gasped, and he twisted it until my face contorted and I breathed through my teeth. Then he let it go. I groaned as the blood rushed back.

"God help me," I said.

"Go run a bath, goddess."

I faced him. "Yes, sir."

The bathroom had been merely functional up until then, and the tub had been of no use to me. Though I'd appreciated its size, the curves of white porcelain should be used for sitting and soaking for hours. It had a control panel with buttons for the temperature and the chrome water jets. I ran it hot, because that was how I liked it. Steam rose and fogged up the mirrors. The hotel had provided some scented tubes. I considered each one and decided on the least flowery.

I took off the garter, dropping it on the floor in a pile of white lace and satin.

"It smells like a bordello in here," Jonathan said from the doorway.

"Do you hate it? I can start over."

"No. I like it. I want you relaxed."

I stood by the tub as it filled, the swirl of arousal between my legs matching his more visible excitement. I didn't feel relaxed, necessarily. I felt as if I was tiptoeing on the head of a pin.

"Get in," he said.

I complied. He turned the faucets off before following.

"Now," he said, putting his arms around me and pushing me against the wall of the tub. "Put your elbows here." He placed them on the marble shelf outside the tub, where one might put candles or soap if one wasn't busy giving up control of one's body. He moved his hands over my br**sts, my stomach, and my thighs. He parted them until my knees were above the water, resting my feet on the ledges at each side of the tub. My hips floated, leaving my pelvis just below the surface.

Jonathan stroked between my legs, letting his thumbs course the length of my cleft and onto my clit. Then his hands moved over my sides to my br**sts again, stroking my ni**les with his thumbs, and back down. He repeated his movements up and down my body until I groaned.

He pressed his middle finger to my ass. "Don't clench. Easy. Relax."

I tried to think accepting thoughts as he stroked me again and slid his thumb in my pu**y. I let out an ah. He hooked a finger in my ass**le. I didn't tighten, keeping myself as loose as I could.

"How does that feel?" he asked.

"Good."

He thrust two fingers in before I'd even finished the word. I cried out. It was good. Very good. He drew them out then thrust them back.

"You're ready, and you're mine." He took out his fingers. "Flip."

His pressure on my body told me what to do. I put my hands on the ledge, and my knees on the benches. My ass and sex hitched up, my ni**les touching the cold edge of the tub. The sting of his hand slapping my ass caught me by surprise, and I yipped.

"Shh. Don't make me gag you."

"Yes, sir."

I felt his mouth on my cheeks, kissing across them. Then his tongue worked its magic on my pu**y, my clit. Everything tingled. He put his tongue on my ass**le, and I thought I would die of pleasure.

"You're clenching." He picked up a hotel bottle of something I couldn't identify, because I dared not look around.

I felt something liquid on my back. His hand spread it over me, between my cheeks, lubricating me. When he slid two fingers in my behind that time, I didn't clench because the feeling was much different. I was aroused everywhere, and it became a wordless harmony, a counterpoint note, its existence completing the sensations in my clit.

"Better," he said. "You're doing well."

"Thank you."

He pulled his fingers out and pushed my ass down a little. I felt his dick at my crack, and his thumb dug into one ass cheek, opening me to him.

"Stay relaxed."

"Okay."

"I mean it. I have you. You don't have to worry about anything."

"I trust you." I meant it, and as if sensing my sincerity, he put the head of his c**k on my ring muscle as I tried very, very hard not to reject it.

He pushed forward. I tried not to scream as the head went in. I held my voice behind my teeth, letting the rumble fill up and fall down my throat.

"Easy. Easy."

"Okay," I squeaked.

"You're in control for now. Move however you need to. Whatever pace is good. Just stay relaxed. Focus on me. Trust me." He reached around and stroked my front from neck to clit and back again. I couldn't move for fear of the pain. "Breathe. Breathe, then move."

I didn't think I'd be able to move again. He put his hands all over me, relaxing me, reminding me he was there. I thought compliant thoughts. I accepted his calm, his patience, his trust, and moved into the pain a little. I was better lubed than I realized, and he slid farther in. It didn't hurt more, which calmed me. I pushed toward him again, and he went in.

His hands stopped massaging and pressed open my cheeks. "How are you feeling?"

"It doesn't hurt as much as it did."

"In a minute, it won't hurt at all. It's going to be the complete opposite." His voice contained nothing but surety and confidence, and that made me feel safe enough to push into him again. He tensed so that he slid all the way in. He pulled out slowly, coating my ass in unexpected pleasure.

"Ah, that's good, goddess. Very good."

I pushed him back in, and I felt full, open, vulnerable, and cared for all at once. But I did not feel pain. It had gone away and been replaced by something wholly new. A harmony. The note was different, but the song was the same.

As if sensing that, Jonathan took control, pulling his c**k from my ass and pushing it back in again. He waited.

"Do it," I said. "Sir. Please. Fuck me in the ass."

"Your filthy mouth," he growled. "I love it."

He slapped my ass and took complete control, thrusting against me, holding my cheeks open so he could get all the way in. I grunted. The feeling of being stretched past my limit was overwhelming, as powerful as relinquishing myself to his pace. The water splashed around us, still hot, still soapy. We leaned into it until only my ass was over the surface. He reached under the water, to my pu**y, and hooked two fingers in me, using the grip as leverage. The heel of his hand rubbed my clit every time he pounded my ass.

"You've got it, Monica."

"Sir, may I come?"

"No."

"Oh, God."

"Don't you dare." He grunted it, no help as his hand kept at my pu**y. I tried to think of the feeling on my ass**le, the pulling and stretching. The raw sensation and the pleasure of the friction. The feeling of being full with him.

"Soon," he groaned.

I did scales on the marble, pressing the correct fingers to the counter for each note. I crossed over in my head and went back down the scale, choosing a B-flat because it always gave me trouble. Anything not to come.

"Please," I cried, "sir, god please."

"Three more."

He took me three more times and barked a "yes." I came with him, feeling my ass**le pulse and clench around his cock. He filled me, and I felt him throb, emptying himself in a long, powerful groan.

Still in me, he put his arms around me and held me tight. He pulled me up until he sat on the ledge, and I was on his lap with his dick lodged in my ass. We panted together for a moment before he shifted and slipped out of me. My ass**le felt uncomfortable, as if his c**k was still hard and huge in me.

"Ah, that feels weird."

"It's still open. Give it a minute."

He held me still, moving my hair off my shoulder, kissing the back of my neck, while gradually I went back to normal. Sore. Fucked in ways I'd never been f**ked before, but normal. Functional.

"You didn't tie me down," I said.

"You seemed too tense. I decided on the tub instead."

I twisted to face him. "You're a good listener."

"Thank you. Now, back to bed, no?"

"Yes," I said. "Yes to everything."

CHAPTER 30.

JONATHAN

I slept five hours.

When I woke, she was tangled in me. I lay there another forty-five minutes, just pressing my nose to her scalp and filling my head with her scent of canned peaches. As of that very minute, my job was to keep her. Make her happy. I slipped out from under her and packed my things for a trip home, then to Seoul, with her.

I ordered breakfast, and by the time it came, her eyes were open.

"Good morning," I said.

She put the pillow over her head and turned onto her side. I slowly pulled the sheets off her, revealing her perfect body. I slid my hand between her legs. It was a compulsion. Rolling her on her back, I pulled her legs apart. She grunted under the pillow.

"I didn't hear you," I said.

"I didn't brush my teeth yet."

"I won't kiss you then." My fingers found her cunt. I rubbed the moist skin in the center, and she groaned.

"You look so clean and together," she said.

"How's your ass feel?"

"Fucked."

I slapped inside her thigh. The sound was hard and final. "Wider."

She looked at me as she obeyed, spreading her legs as commanded. I didn't have a game plan. I just wanted to see her. I bent to put my face between her legs and licked her lightly. She tasted of sweat, sex, and a little of my orgasm. She whispered my name, and I picked up my head.

"Take a shower, goddess. Breakfast is here. And no touching." I gave her clit a cruel flick that made her yelp and made me smile.

She kissed me quickly before trundling off to the shower. I caught her wrist and pulled her to me, kissing her as hard and deep as she deserved.

CHAPTER 31.

MONICA

Darren wasn't coming back to L.A. with us. His return ticket was good, and he and Adam decided to head back together. I assumed my faux-brother was going home as entangled as I was.

Jonathan and I decided to leave the hotel late. Breakfast had been picked over as if attacked by a murder of crows. We sat together on the couch. Jonathan was under me, bare feet up on the cushions, and my back was to his bare chest. I still wore the robe I'd left the shower in. I had a hotel notepad on my lap, and he stroked my shoulder to the collar while kissing the back of my neck.

"If I gagged you," Jonathan said, "I'd do it in such a way that you could still say your safeword."

"Okay, so we'll put it as a yes?" I wrote down 'gag.'

"If you want. There are aspects that aren't interesting to me."

"Then why's it on the list?"

"I'll try anything you want to."

"I don't understand. I'm crossing off things left and right."

"I don't get to cross off soft limits. Hard limits, like sharing, yes. But anything that's not disgusting to me, I do it if you want to. That's my job."

I tapped the eraser on the pad. "What other aspects of gagging are you talking about? Besides that I can't talk right."

"We can do it if you want."

"No, it was just something that wasn't horrific."

He paused to run his fingertip over my shoulder. "There's an element of humiliation. Not that you can't talk at all, but you're reduced to grunts. With a ball gag, it's more pronounced, and you add drooling. It reduces the sub to her most primal, animalistic self. She relinquishes control over her voice and her spit."

It was my turn to pause. "Have you used a ball gag on someone?"

"Yes. It's not my favorite thing. I prefer when your silence and submission are a choice. And the humiliation makes me uncomfortable."

I bit my lip. "But cloth doesn't sound too bad."

"Put it on the maybe list."

I flipped pages until I found the maybe list and put gag with cloth at the bottom of the page. Jonathan looked at his watch. "We've been at this two hours."

I craned my neck to look at the clock. "Wow."

"You're very thorough. But we can continue this on the plane." He said it as if he was ready to go, but his hand slipped under my robe.

"Jonathan, what are you doing?"

"Adding something to the list." He undid the robe's belt. "Spread your legs. If I told you this in words, you'd say no. I want to show it to you."

"What is it?"

"Knees up. Open all the way. You have to trust me." His fingers reached between my legs, finding my cleft wet from the sex talk and stolen kisses. Gathering moisture from my hole, he ran his fingers to my clit, two fingers circling it.

"This goes on the yes list." I arched my back.

His hand came off me and back down with a solid slap. I cried out at the deep sting of pain, gasping. But like a firework shooting into the sky with a hard streak, the explosion afterward lit up the sky.

"Do it again," I groaned. He did, and again the pain was followed by its sister, pleasure. I'd slid all the way down and was fully supine, head in his lap.

"So this goes on the yes list?"

"Yes. Again, please."

"You're insatiable." He cupped my chin and kissed me. "Later. We have to go."

"Jonathan?" I closed my legs and shifted to look him in the eyes.

"Monica."

"Did you have anything to do with Kevin getting arrested?"

"I'm sorry?"

"He's traveled before, so it was weird he suddenly got on a watch list. And then for him to get picked up now? Those warrants have been out forever."

"It had to happen sometime."

"Yeah," I said. "But did you have anything to do with it happening now?"

He stroked my bottom lip pensively. "No."

CHAPTER 32.

JONATHAN

I gave Jacques and Petra the cockpit-door-closed order, which they were more than used to, and I had Monica twice on the plane. The first time, I had her in a seat like a normal person. The next time, on the galley counter because I could.

We didn't get much further on the list, but we'd made such good progress already that I wasn't concerned about it. Her commitment opened her up to communication about what we were doing in a way that hadn't existed before. She was thoughtful and full of questions. Part of me wished we'd done it sooner, and another part was glad it had taken time.

I let her have the window as we circled Los Angeles over the miasma of smog. She leaned against me. I had my arm around her and pulled her as close as as the seat belts allowed, putting my nose in her hair.

"Last night," I said, "I told you I loved your filthy mouth."

She turned to me. "Yes?"

"I lied."

"Really? Should I say 'have intercourse with me' when I want it?"

"No. God no. What I meant was, I love your filthy mouth. And I love your mouth when it sings and jokes. I love your body, and everything it does to me. I love when you come, when you squirm under me, begging for it. I love your hands, and your eyes. I love your honor and integrity. I love your loyalty, your intelligence. I love your honesty, even when it hurts me. I've fallen in love with you, Monica. I didn't think it would happen to me again, but it did. Thank you."

She stared at me, big brown eyes wide, mouth parted just a little. I didn't think I'd scared her but shocked her. If I'd used three words to say the same thing, I might not have faced the same silence, but those three words would have been inadequate.

"You're welcome," she said.

I laughed.

The intercom buzzed as Santa Monica Airport came into sight. "Sir?" came Jacques's voice. "Can you come up front?"

I kissed those parted lips and unbuckled. "Give me a sec."

"Way to kill a moment, Drazen."

I kissed her again, half standing. She put her hands on my neck so I couldn't get away and kept them there until I took her wrists and pulled them down. I walked backward to the cockpit door and opened it.

"Yes, Jacques?"

He pulled off his headphones. "Sir, I just got a call. The LAPD is waiting on the runway."

CHAPTER 33.

MONICA

When he got back, his contented expression had changed to something more pensive and tense. He sat and buckled without looking at me. When I took his hand, he clasped back as if making a perfunctory gesture.

"What?" I asked.

He didn't answer.

"Jonathan. Don't shut me out."

He held my hand tight as the plane dropped down to land. "I get sued all the time. It's not even anything. I have lots of things people want. So they come after me." He looked at me finally. "I'm used to it, and I've learned to manage it. So I'm not worried about anything. But you... I'm worried about what you'll think."

"Remember the part of the trip where I committed myself to you?"

He sighed, looking resigned in a way I'd never seen. "I have no idea what this is about. But the LAPD is on the tarmac, waiting for me."

I didn't realize my mouth was hanging open until I had to close it to speak. "Why?"

"I don't know. But I want you to stay on the plane until I'm gone or until I come and get you. I'll have Lil make sure you get home. Pack. I'll call you. We may be off to Korea later then planned, but make sure you're ready."

"No."

He raised an eyebrow. "Is there a good reason you need to exit the plane immediately?"

"I want to be with you."

"Sweet, but no." He must have seen my determined look. He added, "Please."

I sat back as the wheels touched down. We held hands as the plane taxied to the gate. Two black and whites waited, lights flashing. I didn't like it. I knew plenty about cops. I knew how they stood and how they walked. Sonny Rodriguez had been shot gangland style on my corner. On the other end of my block was a narrow strip called "Ghost Alley" because of all the murders there. Those days were done in the neighborhood, but the cops, the questions, and the tension lived and breathed in my mind.

The Santa Ana winds whipped around the plane and bent every palm tree in sight. The wind sock on top of the control tower was held still and erect.

Jacques came back, not his usual polite self, and opened the door with the steps behind it. It fell with a scrape to the concrete. Jonathan stood up, and with a look back to me and a raised finger indicating I should stay put, he walked out.

I unbuckled and went to the other side of the plane, pressing my face to the window. There was talk, and four officers surrounded him, which didn't happen unless some sort of violence was involved. Weird. Unless there was a great donut shop by the airport and two extras needed an excuse to come.

My view was obscured by the wing, but it looked as if they were handcuffing Jonathan.

No.

Sorry, but no.

I don't know what I expected to do, but I ran out as he was led to the car by the stocky cop on his left. I didn't call out or demand anything because another cop stepped between us with her hands out.

"Stop. Are you Monica Faulkner?" she asked.

"Yes."

I held up my hands to show they were empty and craned my neck to see around her. I heard the stocky cop's voice uttering the words of the Miranda Act. Jonathan asked something, seeming so together and calm, a picture of control. The Santa Ana winds brought two words of the cop's answer.

Domestic violence.

Jonathan glanced at me and smiled before the cop helped him into the back seat of the cruiser.

