Chapter One

Not Reality

"Cassidy, are you fucking kidding me?"

"We need to update the units, Grant."

"Eleven microwaves?"

I stared at my boyfriend, the love of my life, the man who gave up home in Oklahoma six weeks ago to follow me to Colorado to live my dream. The dream that was born when I was thirteen and Mom and Dad took us on a skiing trip. The dream I nurtured every time they gave in when I begged them to take us back. The dream of having every day what I felt the minute I hit the Rockies. The feeling of being precisely where I was meant to be, in the mountains, living a quiet life constantly in the midst of sheer beauty.

And, of course, living that dream with the addition of a lot of snowboarding.

I had found the cabins for sale on the Internet and talked Grant into coming with me, fixing them up, caring for them and the patrons who'd use them to have their time by a river in the middle of rock, pine, aspen, columbine, fireweed, wild iris, and glacier lily.

We were young and being young, embarking on such a huge-scale adventure, possibly stupid. I knew that.

My dad knew it too. He was concerned. He tried to hide it from me but he didn't quite succeed.

My mom wasn't concerned. She was silently terrified that I was sinking my savings, something I'd been carefully hoarding since I was thirteen, into a broken down bunch of cabins in the middle of nowhere in the Rocky Mountains. Doing it practically just out of college. Only twenty-four years old (though, Grant was twenty-six).

That didn't mean Mom and Dad didn't give us their blessings. They did. With Dad giving me twenty thousand dollars besides.

"An investment," he'd said. "You can pay me back when you make those cabins thrive."

When you make those cabins thrive.

When. Not if.

That was my dad. He believed in me. He was worried. He knew it was risky. But he did what he always did. Made a statement-this time a grand one-that he believed I could do anything.

Even take on a bunch of ramshackle cabins, the even more ramshackle house that went with them, and make them "thrive."

"Since I'm buying so many, I'm getting a screaming deal on those microwaves, Grant," I informed him of something I'd already informed him of. "Forty percent off and free delivery."

"Those units don't need new microwaves, Cassidy."

I stared at him again since he knew they did. The ones that were working (and in the eleven cabins we owned, only eight microwaves were working) were old, crusty, and gross. I wouldn't even pop popcorn in one of them.

"Three of them don't work," I reminded him.

"Folks can get along without microwaves," he retorted.

I shook my head. "Babe, seriously, we went over this. All of it. I wrote out that business plan, you read it, and-"

"Jesus, fuck," he interrupted me in exasperation and lifted up his hands to do air quotation marks. "Your fuckin' business plan. If I hear about that fuckin' thing one more fuckin' time, I'm gonna shoot myself." He'd dropped his hands but threw one out. "Fuck, Cassidy, you don't need a business degree from some Podunk university in Oklahoma to write some stupid document that tells us to make a go of this fuckin' place, we don't need microwaves." He leaned in to me. "We need to rent cabins."

I stared at him yet again, seeing as he'd never spoken to me like that. We'd started arguing these past few weeks but he'd never said anything that mean.

And as I stared at him, I tried to stop the hurt his words sent piercing through me. Hurt he hadn't inflicted when we were back in Oklahoma and he was a good boyfriend. The kind who was up for adventure. The kind that listened to me in the night after he made love to me as I whispered my dreams to him. The kind who told me he was all in. He was there for me. He, too, believed in me and wanted to live the dream.

I managed to do this as I managed to reply quietly and with forced calm. "Yes, Grant, but to rent them at the prices where we need them to be in order to make a decent living, we need to fix them up."

"We can fix them up when we got some fuckin' money in the bank."

It was then I knew where he was coming from.

Because I bought the cabins. I had the mortgage. I had the rest of the money I'd saved and didn't invest in buying the property and Dad's money besides.

Grant didn't have much of anything except experience as a journeyman electrician and a fabulous body I'd hoped he'd use to help me paint walls and refinish floors.

In the six weeks we'd been there, he'd painted walls. Three of them. Then he'd spent a lot of time "getting to know the locals" in order to "get referrals."

This translated into locating drinking, hunting, and fishing buddies.

"You aren't gettin' those microwaves," he informed me.

"I am," I returned. "And you're gonna install them. After, of course, I refinish the cabinets and you install the new countertops."

His face twisted in a way I'd never seen before. It was also a way I didn't much like.

"I'm not doin' shit with somethin' I didn't agree to buyin'."

"Since it's not your money, it isn't for you to agree or disagree," I shot back nastily.

His face twisted further and I so didn't like the way it twisted that I leaned away from him.

"You fuckin' bitch," he clipped, his voice rising.

I felt my eyes widen as my heart twisted at his words. Words no one in my life had ever said to me, especially not Grant.

There was no way I could stop the hurt that sent through me. Hurt so bad, I only had it in me to whisper, "Grant."

"I knew you'd fuckin' throw that in my face eventually and you didn't waste time. We been here weeks, you're throwin' that shit in my face."

"I don't think you're listening to me," I pointed out carefully, because he was right. What I said was a low blow. I knew he didn't have a load of money. He'd been up front about that.

Then again, he'd been up front about it but told me he'd contribute by helping with the cabins.

Still, I shouldn't have said what I said. And now I needed to calm us both down and fight my way back to the high road.

"I'm listenin' to you," he shot back, his voice still raised. "Seems all I do is fuckin' listen to you. Hotshot college grad whose daddy thinks she shits roses. Babe, you got another thing comin', you think I'm gonna crawl up your ass and treat you like a fuckin' princess like that fuckin' father of yours."

I did more staring at my handsome, thoughtful, supportive boyfriend thinking where on earth did that come from?

I didn't get the chance to ask. There was a knock on the door, and as we were fighting in the foyer, Grant close to the door with his back to it, he turned, grabbed the knob, and yanked it open.

"What?" he barked, angrily and unwelcomingly.

But I saw the man standing in the doorway and I took an automatic step back.

I didn't do this because he was handsome and handsome men freaked me way the heck out.

Good-looking guys like Grant, no. Grant could turn heads. Even though he wasn't tall, with his lean, defined body, shock of messy dark blond hair and clear blue eyes, he got more than his share of attention.

But Grant wasn't like the guy at the door.

The guy at the door wasn't good-looking. The guy at the door was handsome. Amazingly. Tall. Dark-haired. Rugged-featured. His large frame built tough and solid.

He looked like the model a cologne company would choose when they decided to break in to the difficult market of trying to convince hardcore bikers they should smell good.

But I didn't take a step back because of that.

I did it because he was terrifying.

Utterly.

Huge. Dark. His face a cold, emotionlessness mask. His chill swept through the foyer, causing a shiver to glide over my skin even though it was a sunny day in August, warm, and we had no air conditioning.

Further, I knew in a glance he was gone. There was nothing there. He was standing. His blood was coursing through his veins. He was breathing.

But that was it.

He existed.

He did not live. He did not feel. He did not smile. He did not laugh.

In other words, he was the guy a cologne company would approach when they decided to break in to the difficult market of trying to convince hardcore bikers they should smell good. He was also the guy who would listen to this then rip the head off the person who suggested such absurdity.

I got this all from a look, and as I kept looking, I knew with complete certainty I was right.

And it scared the heck out of me.

He scared the heck out of me.

But this was only part of the reason he scared the heck out of me.

The other part, the bigger part, was even feeling all that, I had a near-overwhelming urge to go to him and wrap my arms around him.

Tight.

And maybe never let go.

For eternity.

Yes, standing in my foyer with my boyfriend, staring at that man, and thinking these thoughts, he scared the ever-living crap out of me.

His deep voice rumbled through the hall, and as deep as it was, there was no warmth to it. It wasn't even benign. Even saying everyday words, it was ominous and wintry.

"You got a unit open?"

"We got eleven units open," Grant replied, tossing out a hand toward the door to indicate the cabins down the lane. "Take your pick, man."

"Unit eleven," the man stated instantly and I was not surprised by his choice, though I was unnerved that he knew which cabin to pick. He'd either been there before or he'd checked out the lay of the land before he approached us.

Number eleven was the cabin up the hill, almost fully surrounded by woods, removed from the other cabins. Secluded.

I stood there, staring at him, thinking I didn't want him to rent a cabin. I didn't want him on my property. He wasn't a threat and yet, some part of me knew he was. I didn't think he'd harm me or Grant. It wasn't like I got a serial killer vibe off him (not that there was such a thing).

It was just that his menace came from something else. The hurt he could deliver would be the kind of hurt you'd never recover from. The kind of hurt that didn't cause scars to the skin but it was still the kind of hurt that would destroy you.

The problem with that was Grant was not entirely wrong. We had limited money that wouldn't stretch forever, especially considering how much needed to be done to the cabins.

We needed to rent the units, even in their state.

Because of this, I forced myself forward and said, "Cabins are forty bucks a night."

His eyes came to me, beautiful tawny eyes, and my stomach twisted.

It twisted because I didn't want his attention.

It also twisted because those eyes, if they were warm, smiling, affectionate, happy, were eyes you could look into and immediately feel what he wanted to make you feel. All those things. The warmth. The smile. The love. The joy. Lose yourself in them. Lose yourself in him.

Just like right then, staring into those eyes with their dark spiky lashes, I felt precisely what he wanted me to feel.

Cold down to the bone.

It took effort but I forced my lips to tip up, stopped by the spindly-legged table where we had our registration book, and said, "We just need you to sign in. Name. Address. Telephone. License plate number. And I need to run a credit card and see your ID."

He stepped in, pulling out his wallet, his eyes, thankfully, now on the registration book.

But his lips said, "Cash."

I looked at Grant who was sizing up the man, something in his snit he didn't do before.

I was about to explain why we needed a credit card on file when Grant said, "Cash'll be fine. How long you stayin'?"

The man had picked up the pen lying on top of the registration book and he didn't look to Grant when he replied, "Three days. Maybe four."

"Works for us," Grant muttered.

I gave him big eyes.

He narrowed his at me, an indication to keep my mouth shut.

I didn't want to keep my mouth shut but I also didn't want to say something without Grant taking my back, which he was making clear he wouldn't do.

I didn't mind someone paying in cash.

I did mind that he interrupted his sign-in when he handed Grant his ID, no credit card, and two hundred dollars. I hadn't been in the business very long but I wasn't sure this said good things. Credit cards were kind of important for a variety of reasons, including the fact that they verified ID.

He finished signing in and Grant moved to the locked cabinet where we kept the cabin keys, saying, "I'll get your change."

"No. What you got should cover tax. We're good," the man replied.

That didn't bode well either. If he stayed four days, the cost of his cabin was $160 and tax on top of that wasn't an extra forty.

Now, who had forty extra dollars to throw around? More importantly, why would they throw it at a sub-par cabin in the middle of nowhere?

I couldn't think on this too long because I saw Grant pocket the money as he handed the man his key.

It was then I stopped thinking we weren't making such a good decision about renting a cabin to this guy and I was thinking maybe I hadn't made such a good decision about Grant.

The man took the key and turned to leave.

This prompted me to take another step to him and call out, "You need a receipt?"

He looked over his shoulder at me. Right at me. Right in my eyes. And instantly, I got another shiver.

He didn't do a top to toe. He didn't even give any indication he understood I was a human being, much less a female one.

This, too, was unnerving.

I couldn't say I looked like a pageant queen but I wasn't entirely hard on the eyes. I had all the right parts in relatively right proportions in all the right places. I wasn't statuesque and striking. I was five foot five. I had black hair. It was long and thick, though you couldn't really tell that right then as I had it up in a messy bun at the top back of my head.

But I'd lucked out and got my mother's eyes, unusual warm brown ones that weren't dark brown or light, but something in between. They came to a dip on the inner corner and flared out large with long lashes that, if I used mascara on them, it would make my eyes look huge. I always thought they were exotic and beautiful and felt I could say that because they were my mom's, not mine, just a gift she'd given me. I also thought that because all my boyfriends said my eyes were what made them notice me.

That and my lips, which were very full to near puffy, and they were all mine, not my mom's. My sister didn't even have my lips, something she informed me sucked. She got Mom's eyes too. But she didn't get my lips (or I didn't get hers, seeing as she was older than me).

Last, I had a C-cup and it was my experience most men appreciated a C-cup.

This man didn't.

No. Instead, he held my eyes and jerked his head once in a negative, turned, and walked out of the house.

Grant closed the door after him.

I looked to my boyfriend to share that I wasn't entirely comfortable with all that had just transpired but I didn't get the chance to say a word.

He lifted his hand and jabbed his finger at me.

"No fuckin' microwaves, Cassidy. You buy that shit, you install it. Now I'm goin' to town and gettin' a fuckin' drink."

That was when I stood on the faded, threadbare (but still pretty) circular rug in my foyer in my little house by a river in the Colorado Mountains and watched as my man did just that. He grabbed the keys to his truck and walked out the door.

He grabbed his keys and walked out the door right in the middle of a discussion about our business, which was a huge part of our lives.

He grabbed his keys and walked out the door right after a huge, terrifying man checked in to cabin eleven, leaving me alone on our property with said huge, terrifying man. A huge, terrifying man that even Grant couldn't miss was huge and terrifying.

He still left me.

Alone.

I stood staring at the door, my stomach sinking because I knew that I'd taken a massive risk, sinking my savings into these cabins. Cabins the owners were so desperate to get rid of, the price was right, as in cheap, as in scary-cheap. Cabins they were so desperate to leave, they left every stick of furniture, every rug, every picture on the wall, in the cabins and the house. Cabins I took on, moving to another state where I knew no one. Having to fix them up, knowing how to paint a room but not much else.

But what I was realizing, too late, was the biggest risk I took, the risk that looked like it would fail, was the risk I took on Grant.

* * * * *

Late that night, I sat on my side porch with my feet up on the top railing, a beer in my hand, the sounds of the river rushing along the rocks to my left, the night air cool on my skin, my eyes trained through the thick trees to the dim light I could just barely see coming from cabin eleven.

It was late and Grant wasn't back.

But scary guy was awake and doing something in cabin eleven.

I just hoped he wasn't building a bomb or planning to overthrow the government, whereupon he would (again hopefully) fail spectacularly but I would be dragged in front of the cameras as the hapless cabin owner who stupidly rented him his headquarters to plan and carry out his dastardly deeds.

On that unhappy thought, one of a bazillion I'd had since Grant left, I took my feet from the railing and moved into the house. It was time for bed. Something I'd been getting into alone far more frequently the last couple of weeks.

I walked through the quiet house. My quiet house. An old, narrow, but somehow spacious, two story, three-bedroom, two and a half bath Victorian farmhouse that was a couple shades above dilapidated, but fixed up would be sublime.

I did this trying to think of all the ways I intended to fix it up (eventually). Something that I'd find exciting. A project I was raring to take on (after the cabins were done, of course). Something I preferred to think about rather than Grant being a jerk or the guy in cabin eleven scaring the crap out of me.

It was dark. I was alone. And try as I might (and I tried), I couldn't stop the pain nagging at my heart that indications were very strong that things weren't going to work out with Grant. We'd been together over a year. I was sure about him. If I wasn't, I wouldn't have dragged him to Colorado. I wouldn't even have asked. I would have gone it alone. Maybe not then, at twenty-four years old with no idea what I was doing, but eventually.

He'd promised to help. He'd said he was all in.

To make myself feel better (in other words, to give Grant excuses), I told myself all of this was new. It was a change. We'd only been there six weeks. We were both still getting accustomed to our new home, our new business, our new lives, and even ourselves, as we hadn't lived together back home.

Maybe Grant turned into a dick when he was in an unknown situation and as things settled he'd go back to being my sweet, affectionate, loving, awesome boyfriend Grant.

I walked through the house, turning out lights, locking up, but when I went to the foyer to turn on the light to welcome Grant home (whenever he chose to come home) my eyes caught on the register.

It was new. Mom had bought it for me and gave it to me five minutes before Grant and I got in our packed cars and hauled ourselves up to Colorado. Mom giving it to me had made me laugh and hug her, and only when I was in my car, following Grant in his truck, did I let myself cry.

I saw from four feet away that we were still on the first page and there weren't many names on the lines.

I moved closer and looked at the name on the last line.

In black, the writing slanted sharply to the right and spiky, I saw his name.

John Priest.

The name suited him in a Hollywood everyday-outrageously-handsome-guy-run-amok-with-vengeance character type of way.

In the real world, it seemed fake.

Which also didn't bode well.

But Grant had his two hundred dollars to drink on and be the big man with his new buddies in town. And hopefully John Priest wasn't building a bomb or torturing an innocent in cabin eleven.

Hopefully everything would be all right.

Hopefully everything would settle down, the work would get done, the fights would stop, Grant would go back to being Grant, and he and I could start living the dream.

I went to bed with these hopes in mind.

I went to bed but it took me ages to get to sleep because my mind knew they were just that.

Hopes.

Just hopes.

And even at my age, having grown up on a big ranch in Oklahoma with a great dad, a wonderful mom, an older sister who'd never been sneaky or jealous or mean but sweet and supportive and awesome, a younger brother who acted like an older one in the protective and loving departments-in other words, I'd lived a good life-I still knew hopes were that.

Just hopes.

Not reality.

* * * * *

"Toss pillows?"

I looked from my desk to Grant, who was standing by the huge bags strewn around the study filled with comforters, sheets, and toss pillows. He was holding what I thought was a sweet toss pillow in his hand but he was glaring at me.

I didn't need this.

Not again.

I'd had eight months of it.

I was done.

"It's time to decorate the units, Grant," I told him something he would know if he was talking to me on a normal basis. Something he was not doing since he wasn't around a lot to talk, mostly because he was hunting, fishing, drinking, and through the winter months had been off skiing.

All on my dime. His money had run out two months ago.

He had to ask for it. Luckily, I was smart enough in the nightmare that had become my life to start this venture with separate accounts.

Asking for money was something that did not make him happy. It was something that made me less happy. And it was something that meant we fought and did it ugly. So ugly I shut him up by giving him money.

So last, it was something I was getting really sick of doing.

All of it.

The money.

And especially the fighting.

"I'm getting the website together," I went on. "We need photos of the cabins to put on there. Photos that look good. Photos that would make people want to stay here."

"Cassidy, for fuck's sake, we can't afford toss pillows, seein' as you just replaced all the water heaters."

I turned fully to him but kept my seat, looking up at him and pulling up all the patience I had (which admittedly wasn't much) to explain, "The heater went out in unit eight. When the inspection was done, the inspector said all the water heaters were old and working what he guessed was on a wing and a prayer. We don't need to have folks in a unit and their water heaters break down. I know this because we had folks in a unit, their water heater broke down, and they didn't like that much. I get that. I wouldn't like it much either. In fact, I don't like it much either. It doesn't say good things. It doesn't say referrals or repeat business. It says check out immediately, don't look back, and tell your friends about your nightmare experience in the crappy cabins you found in the Colorado Mountains."

"That makes sense if we got the fuckin' money to do it," he returned.

"We do," I shot back, and we did. But just barely.

"We don't," he bit out.

"I keep the books, Grant, and we absolutely do," I retorted.

"I look at the books, Cassidy, and that's bullshit."

"You're right. It is," I replied. "If one of us is in town drinking, at the slopes skiing, and out buying hunting and fishing licenses. If one of us would stop doing that, we'd have a lot more to do a lot more then maybe make a lot more."

He leaned back and his face twisted, but I had no reaction to it this time. I'd seen that look on his face a lot the last eight months.

Suffice it to say, Grant was not settling into our life in the Rocky Mountains.

Grant was still being Dick Grant in a way that I figured Dick Grant was all there was left to Grant.

"Here she goes again with this shit," he muttered.

"Yeah, here I go again, because you're never here," I snapped. "You never help. I've had those light fixtures for five months, asked you so many times to put them in, I'm saying that crap in my sleep. And there they sit." I swung an arm out to the corner of the study where boxes were piled four high and three deep. "So excuse me if I'm not big on listening to you complain about toss pillows when you've barely lifted a finger since we got here. This is my gig. I'm doing my gig and not listening to your crap. You want out, you're out."

His expression deteriorated as he asked, "What does that mean?"

That was when I stood. I was wearing jeans, a sweater, and had bare feet. But even with Grant only hitting five foot ten, he still mostly towered over me.

"It means I'm sick of this," I hissed. "I'm sick of fighting. I'm sick of doing everything by myself. I'm sick of working all day and being exhausted all night and hitting an empty bed. I'm sick of keeping the books...by myself. Cleaning the units...by myself. Washing the sheets...by myself. And somehow in all that by myself, I'm still managing to be sick of," I stabbed a finger his way, "you."

He put his hands to his hips. "And I'm sick of you carin' more about sandin' a bunch of fuckin' floors, gettin' on my ass all the time about fuckin' light fixtures." It was his turn to swing an arm to the boxes. "Whinin' all the time about how I don't help, how I'm never here. Every wakin' minute is about those cabins, Cassidy, and not one is about givin' a single shit about your man."

"Tell me," I leaned back and crossed my arms on my chest, "how exactly do you want me to give a shit about you, Grant?"

He responded immediately.

It just wasn't a good response.

"A blowjob once in a blue moon would be appreciated."

My eyes grew huge and my voice grew loud. "You can't be serious."

"I didn't come up here to bust my hump cuttin' and layin' countertops and patchin' roofs and feelin' my woman crackin' the whip. I came up here to live a good life and, newsflash, babe, a good life for a man means he gets head on more than the rare occasion."

I uncrossed my arms so I could mimic his posture, putting my hands to my own hips.

"Sorry, darlin', when you stumble in at three in the morning and wake me up because you're in a certain mood and I'm exhausted from having a hammer or a paintbrush or a wrench in my hand all day, up a ladder, on my back under a sink, in town bleeding money on water heaters when my man's at the slopes bleeding money, living," I leaned toward him and shouted, "the good life, I don't have it in me to suck your cock!"

"That's what I'm sayin'," he pointed out, his voice rising.

"Oh, I'm hearing you," I returned, my voice already loud. "And by the way," I kept yelling. "To get the good life, you work for the good life. And you were not unaware that that was exactly what we'd both be doing when we made our way up here. It's just that it's only been me who's been working for it and it's only been you who's been living it."

"You don't ever take a fuckin' break!" he shouted.

"That's because I can't!" I shouted back. "Grant, we gotta get these cabins shaped up! We need to rent them for double what they brought in rundown so we can afford lift tickets and nights in town listening to live music and a decent mattress that isn't lumpy."

"Yeah, babe, that's another thing. Every unit has a better fuckin' mattress than what we sleep on."

I threw up my hands in exasperation and screamed, "People are not gonna come back for lumpy mattresses!"

Half a second after I finished screaming, we both heard a knock at the front door, and Grant, being Grant, walked away from his angry girlfriend in order to answer it.

I stalked after him, the study right off the foyer, and stopped dead the instant I stepped foot into it.

This was because John Priest was standing at the door.

He didn't look at me. His eyes were pinned to Grant. He hadn't been back since his last stay but he hadn't changed. Except to be scarier (if that could be believed, but there it was, right before me).

I also knew he'd heard and I had a feeling he'd heard more than just me shouting about lumpy mattresses.

"Cabin eleven?" he asked, his rumbling but hollow voice filling the foyer.

Grant turned to me. "Seems this guy doesn't give a shit about lumpy mattresses."

He had to be joking.

In a fury, not thinking, not caring, so over it I could scream, I looked to our first-ever return customer and shared, "You'll be delighted to know that not only will you have a brand new microwave in your cabin, it's freshly painted, has a new water heater, and a high quality, firm mattress to provide excellent rest while offering superb lumbar support."

Not missing a beat, John Priest replied, "Can I take that to mean the cabins are no longer forty a night?"

I jerked my head up and down once. "They're sixty."

He looked to Grant. "Five nights. Cash." Then he reached to his wallet.

Grant moved to the locked cabinet.

I glared at my boyfriend as he did so and moved toward the door, stating, "We will require you to sign in again, I'm afraid."

John Priest glanced at me and I stopped well short of the door to give him and the bulk of his big body room to get to the registration book.

"And you can hand me the cash," I finished.

Priest's head was bent to the book but it turned minutely so his eyes could slide to me. He did this but he said nothing. Just dipped his chin and went back to the book.

"You're a piece of work," Grant hissed and I looked to him.

"Wrong. I'm the proprietress of what will soon be amazing, kickass cabins that will be full every night with a waiting list because people can't wait to come back."

I looked to John Priest to see he'd straightened and was watching us bicker with a vacant expression on his face.

I kept talking, or more like snapping (but, whatever).

"I'd ask for feedback but even the pizza delivery places ask for feedback these days and it's supremely annoying. But I do hope you enjoy your visit enough to return yet again, tell all your friends about us, and if you have anything of note to share, complimentary or otherwise, I'm open to hearing it."

He held my gaze while I blathered and the instant I was done speaking, he grunted, "Key."

Mr. Personality.

I turned, snatched the key from Grant's hand, and handed it to John Priest.

In return he handed me several one-hundred-dollar bills that I would find later were four of them, saying, "We're good," meaning I got to keep the change.

Excellent.

"Have a lovely stay and remember!" I called after him as he moved to leave and I shoved the money in my pocket. "I'm always here should you need anything!"

I got a look over his shoulder from his beautiful but fathomless eyes then he disappeared.

I walked to the door, slammed it, and whirled on Grant.

"You have two days," I declared. "Two days to pack your stuff and get out."

His head jerked, his face paled, and his lips moved to clip, "You cannot be fuckin' serious."

"Deadly," I whispered, my heart pumping, my head hurting, part of my soul dying, but my mouth kept speaking. "I loved you. I trusted you. I believed in you. I believed you believed in me. You let me down. Then you did it again. And again. And again. I'm done. I'm cutting my losses and moving on."

"I got two years in with you," he stated like it was doing time in prison, not spending it with the woman he loved.

"And I've got nine not-very-good months with you," I returned.

"You'd pick a bunch of cabins over me?" he ground out.

And with that, I knew. I knew the worst thing a woman could know about her man.

He didn't get it.

And that was when that part of my soul died.

And that hurt so bad, I had no choice but to inform him of that fact.

"You don't get it, Grant," I said, suddenly quiet, my voice sad, beaten, and he heard it. He felt it. I knew it when I saw his body get tight. "It isn't about the cabins. It's about sharing with you what I wanted out of life, you agreeing, us taking life on together, and you deserting me. You were around but you deserted me practically the minute we got here."

He came toward me but I took a step back.

He stopped approaching and his voice was quiet too, and cajoling. "Babe, life isn't about work. I thought we'd come up here and take on these cabins but do it havin' a good time."

"We could have but we couldn't do it the way you wanted to do it, Grant. We didn't have the money. And I'll repeat what I've been trying to get through to you for months, I thought us working side by side would be a good time. Not having drinks and laughing and getting frisky, that kind of good time. But the building a life together kind of good time that led to the other stuff that wouldn't be good. It would be better than good because we earned it."

"You talk like your father," he said and it wasn't entirely accusatory. It also wasn't entirely not.

Then again, Grant had grown up in the town where Obadiah Swallow was well-known and well-respected, because he worked the ranch he inherited, which was a ranch his father had inherited, and his before him, and he loved his family.

The first was hard work. The second was easy but there weren't many men like Dad who found it easy to let it show like he did.

There were men who respected men like that and showed it.

There were men, like Grant had hidden in the beginning, but it came out more and more, who dated Obadiah Swallow's daughters and found the specter of a supremely loving father and esteemed man a shadow it wasn't easy to escape.

And I was learning the hard way that Grant's problem was that he didn't get he didn't have to escape it. He just had to do whatever it was he needed to do in his own way to create his umbrella of protection over Obadiah's girl, making her his girl.

Thus he didn't mean what he said as a compliment. But I took it as one.

"That's because I'm his daughter."

And I was Obadiah's daughter. I could have been Grant's woman. I wanted to be. I claimed him as my man and he was apparently down with that.

He just didn't claim me back.

Grant took in a breath before he stated, "I'm not ready to throw in the towel, Cassidy."

"And I'm not prepared to live the way we've been living. If you kick in, we can work on us. If you keep on like you've been keeping, Grant, I'll show you the door."

"An ultimatum," he muttered, staring at me.

"Yes, but a necessary one," I replied softly.

We stood there, neither of us moving, both of us holding the other's gaze.

Grant broke the silence, and when he did, I experienced a resurrection.

"I'll install those lights tomorrow."

I felt my shoulders slump, such was the relief, and Grant caught that too. I knew it when his face got soft and he moved to me.

This time, I didn't move away so I was right there when he got there.

And when he got there, he wrapped his arms around me. "Not sure what I'd do, wakin' up and not seein' those eyes first thing."

I loved that. I loved it.

That was my old Grant.

I leaned in to him and slid my arms around him. "Not sure what I'd do, waking up and not having your arms around me."

He touched his nose to mine and murmured, "Not been good of late, cuddlin' my girl."

He hadn't. And that, maybe more than all the rest, hurt.

"Missed that, darlin'," I whispered.

I watched the look in his eyes change and he whispered back, "I've missed a lot of things about you, Cassidy."

I leaned deeper in to him, tipping my head back.

Grant pressed me in to the door and accepted my invitation.

When he did, hope again filled my heart.

But I would find out in a variety of ways, all of them hard, that was me. Time and again, not one of them smart, I let hope fill my heart. And my head. And my gut. So much hope, it leaked out my pores.

Yeah.

I did that.

All the time.

I was a loser that way.

Chapter Two

Pie

"Yo!" a male voice shouted from the other room.

I was in the bedroom, stripping sheets.

I left the bed half-stripped and walked into the living room. When I did, I saw John Priest standing in the open front door to cabin four.

It had been five months since his last visit.

Five months and nothing had changed.

Except for the fact that Grant was in Oklahoma and I was still here.

"Hello, Mr. Priest," I greeted, moving through the living room, which I had to say, even if it was tooting my own horn, looked fan-freaking-tastic with it's warm mushroom-colored walls, large, thick braided rugs in muted tones covering the refinished, gleaming wood floors, and interesting prints of buffaloes on the walls.

In fact, all the prints in this cabin were of buffaloes. This was why I thought of cabin four as the "Buffalo Cabin."

What I didn't see, but knew was there, was the fabulous kitchen behind me.

Seeing as kitchens in cabins didn't have extensive countertops, I'd been able to strike a deal with a local contractor to buy his remnants. That meant none of the kitchens were the same. Some of them had butcher block countertops. Some had tile. A couple even had gorgeous slabs of granite.

The countertops in cabin eleven, though, were a glossy treated cement. I liked the rugged look of them. Actually, the entirety of cabin eleven was rugged and masculine, the only cabin that wasn't outfitted in a warm and welcoming gender neutral.

I didn't allow myself to think about why I did eleven that way. I just did it.

Grant had gotten around to putting in the light fixtures so that meant there were quiet, but attractive ceiling fans with lights over all the cabins' living rooms, straight up showstopper pendant lights hanging over the bar portion of the kitchens, and attractive wall lights fixed beside the beds for maximum reading and relaxing potential.

That was pretty much all Grant got around to doing before I kicked his ass out.

"Eleven open?" Priest asked without greeting.

Eleven, by the by, had turned into the Pinto Cabin, seeing as all the prints on the walls there were of pinto horses.

I didn't offer this information to John Priest.

"Indeed it is," I answered, stopping in front of him.

As ever, he didn't look me up and down, not that there was much to see. Still, we were having a warm Indian summer so I was in cutoff jeans shorts, a babydoll tee, and flip-flops. My shorts weren't Daisy Dukes or anything but I fancied they looked okay on me. My legs were tan, though, and everyone knew that anyone looked better tanned.

Then again, I'd lost a ton of weight.

Not meaning to do it, I'd hit on a no fail diet plan. Unfortunately, that included finding out the love of my life wasn't the love of my life but instead a guy whose greatest skill was breaking promises.

This caused a woman to throw herself into work-a scary thing when she already threw herself into work-and thus she forgot about eating.

Further, when she wasn't working, she was moping and going over every moment of the last year that she could remember, trying to figure out where she went wrong, which was emotionally taxing and utterly fruitless. Still, it was an excellent appetite suppressant.

She did, however, drink tons of wine through this.

And tequila.

She'd also find she had a taste for bourbon.

Priest took me out of these thoughts when he looked beyond me into the cabin then he twisted his neck to look over his shoulder up the lane toward my house. Finally, his eyes came back to me.

"You need me to come back to check in?" he offered.

I shook my head. "I'll walk up and get you your key. I can finish in here after."

He said nothing and the only way I knew he'd heard me was that he shifted out of the door.

I moved out of the cabin, closing the door behind me, and heading to the steps that led off the front porch.

Surprisingly, when I got to the bottom of the steps, John Priest didn't go to his truck, a colossal, black Suburban that had mud streaming up its sides, more caked on the wheel wells.

He fell in step beside me.

Unsurprisingly, he didn't speak.

So I did.

"We have a website now. I don't know if you noticed coming in, but I had the new sign put up at the top of the lane so people can see it from the street. I finally decided on what to call the place. Glacier Lily Cottages. That's our web address too. There's a phone number and e-mail on the site if you want to contact me ahead of time to make sure eleven is open. We're not full up very often but we're getting busier."

As I was speaking, I put one foot in front of the other. So did he. I quit talking. He didn't start.

So I kept going.

"I can't take bookings on-line yet but that's hopefully coming. It's just a little more complicated to pull things like that off. I can do web design but that kind of thing requires a professional. Or, at least for me it does. But an e-mail is the same thing, if the unit is free."

He made no comment.

I had nothing more to say.

We arrived at my house and I felt him move in a way that wasn't walking so I looked up to see him scanning the area outside the house.

"Grant's gone," I shared, guessing at what he was looking for, and his eyes tipped down to me. "It didn't work out."

"Not a surprise," Priest declared. "He was a dick."

I blinked.

"A lazy one," he went on.

"I..." I began but trailed off, shocked not only that he noticed but that he had something to say about it, and further, he said it.

"Eleven?" he prompted when I said nothing.

I pulled myself out of my surprised stupor, nodded, and jogged up the steps to my house.

He followed me, came inside, and did the registering thing while I got his key.

When he was done, he turned to me.

"Still sixty?" he asked and I shook my head.

"Seventy."

He said nothing, just pulled out his wallet, took out some bills, and handed me five of them. Four of them hundreds. The fifth, a fifty.

"Five days," he stated.

"Right," I muttered, not even bothering to offer him change. I knew the drill. A drill which included him shoving the key through the mail slot in my front door as his means of checking out.

"You want my ID?"

I smiled at him. "I think we're good with that."

He didn't look at my mouth to take in my smile. He also didn't speak further. He reached toward me, took the key from my hand, and walked out the door.

I walked out behind him, stood on my front porch, and watched him move down the lane.

He wasn't graceful, he was too big to be graceful, but he was athletic.

Men walked the way he walked when they approached the place they'd throw a javelin or when they positioned at the line of scrimmage or moved to the top of the tennis court prior to serving. Loose but prepared. Alert but at ease. It was strange.

It was also hot.

And as with all things John Priest, it was a little scary.

I put John Priest, my top patron and still my only return customer, out of my head, turned to my door, closed it, and then walked across my porch. I hopped down the steps and headed to cabin four to finish stripping the sheets.

* * * * *

"Coming!" I shouted from the kitchen after I heard the knock on the front door.

I hustled out and into my softly lit foyer, going straight to the door. I saw the hulking shadowy figure that was silhouetted by the outside lights through the filmy curtains that covered the windows in the door and knew who it was immediately.

I turned the locks, threw off the chain, and looked up into John Priest's aloof but handsome face.

"Hey," I greeted.

"Yo," he replied.

"Come in out of the cold," I invited, stepping aside for him to do just that.

He did and I caught a glimpse of his Suburban, stark black against the white tufts of snow in January in the mountains of Colorado.

I closed the door on the chill and turned to him to see he was standing, facing the registration book, but his head was turned toward the kitchen.

"Cookies," I explained the scent in the air as I rounded him and his eyes tipped down to me. "I'm in the mood. Christmas does that to me. I'm an extreme baker at Christmas and it doesn't wear off until after Valentine's Day."

He said nothing. Showed nothing. Just stared at me.

I forged into the silence.

"We're pretty full up but eleven is open."

He jerked up his chin then turned to the book.

I kept talking.

"We have new flat screen TVs, with Blu-ray players. And cable."

He kept scribbling.

I kept blabbing.

"And I figured out how to take bookings on-line. I did it all by myself. It works great!"

I sounded excited because I was. I fiddled with that for-freaking-ever. So long I thought it'd be the death of me. But in the end it worked beautifully.

He dropped the pen and straightened toward me.

I didn't stop blathering.

"I also have a library of DVDs. There's a menu in your cabin if you want to check one out. I usually require a credit card for that service but we'll skip that part seeing as you're a repeat customer, so I'm guessing I can trust you won't take off with my copy of Lake House."

That got me something. His full, attractive lips twisted in distaste.

"Not a Sandra Bullock fan?" I asked.

He shocked me by sharing, "Keanu Reeves."

I grinned at him. "This is the difference between men and women. Many men don't get Mr. Reeves." I leaned in and finished conspiratorially, "Every woman absolutely does."

He made no comment and showed no hint of understanding or humor.

Instead, he asked, "I take it it's no longer seventy."

I shook my head. "Sorry. And it's high season so it's a hundred a night."

And it was one hundred dollars a night and I added ten dollars a person if there was more than one.

I had eight of the eleven cabins filled, with Priest there was nine.

This meant I was doing it.

Finally.

Utilities and cable were crippling. Not to mention taxes. The day-to-day work was constant and there was still more to do to get the cabins as I wanted them to be. I wasn't rolling in it and I could use some help, like someone to help me clean and do laundry.

But I was doing it. I might not be able to pay my dad off with interest anytime soon, what with all the stuff that needed doing to the house, not to mention the fact that two winters in Colorado running my business with my car were two winters too many without a truck or SUV, so I had to get on that and soon.

But I was doing it.

Finally.

John Priest reached to his wallet, pulled out some bills, and handed me three hundreds, saying, "Two nights."

"Just two this time?" I asked.

His gaze sharpened on me but he said nothing. I had no idea how to read this except to think he wasn't a big fan of me keeping tabs on how long he stayed.

Which was weird.

And scary.

And thus totally John Priest. A man I'd seen repeatedly. A man I did not see at all when he was in one of my cabins, except seeing his SUV drive up and down my lane when he came and went. And once, I watched him carry groceries into cabin eleven.

That was it.

Therefore, he was a man I did not know. Not even a little bit. Except for the fact I was pretty certain his name was not John Priest, and since he gave a false name and paid in cash, it was likely he was not an upstanding citizen.

"Okay, just two," I muttered.

"Key," he prompted and my body gave a slight jerk in response, seeing as I totally forgot about the key. Mostly because he wasn't there often, months passed in between, but he was the only one who came back time and again and it felt strangely like he should have his own key.

I moved to the cabinet, got him his key, and walked it back, hand out toward him.

He took it as I offered, "Would you like to take some cookies with you? I have plenty."

He gave me that sharp look again and surprised me by saying firmly and extremely rudely, "Absolutely fucking not."

"I...uh, o-okay," I stammered. "You don't like cookies."

He didn't confirm this fact.

He dipped his chin, turned to the door, opened it, and disappeared through it, shutting it behind him.

I stared at it a moment before I moved to it and locked my three locks again.

When I looked out my filmy curtains, I saw nothing but porch lit by my outside light, the gray mounds of snow beyond, and the darkness of night.

No SUV.

John Priest was heading to eleven to do whatever it was he did in my cabin that was none of business.

So I was heading to my kitchen to finish baking.

Which was what I did.

* * * * *

Five months later, I threw open the front door, looked up at John Priest's scary, beautiful face, and declared, "In case you're cataloguing the goodness, my man, we have Wi-Fi!"

He said nothing but he moved to take a step in so I had no choice but to take a step back. I did this heading toward the key cabinet.

He headed to the registration book.

He also moved not speaking.

I didn't return the favor.

"The password to get in is 'snookums321.' But seeing as your badass fingers might implode if you tried to type out the word 'snookums,' you can give it a miss tonight because tomorrow is my normal change day. I'm thinking 'Iloverocknroll999.' That would be 'and' as an 'n' with no hyphens or apostrophes," I shared, nabbing the key and turning to see him bent over the book.

He said nothing. Just kept scribbling.

I moved to stand at his side. "I should also tell you that we had a little incident."

He stayed bent over the book but his long fingers that were wrapped around my pen-fingers that were on a huge hand I hadn't noticed until that moment was that large-went still and his eyes slid to me.

Normally, his eyes focused on me in that intense way would make me a babbling idiot in fear for the safety of my...something.

Instead, all I could think about was what he could do with hands that big. That strong. That obviously powerful.

It was doubtful his touch could be gentle.

And that was not a bad thing.

My dry spell had lasted since Grant with no hope on the horizon it would be ending.

It was becoming clear I needed to get laid.

I also needed to stop gawking at Priest, thinking about his hands, and instead keep talking.

So I did that.

"We, uh...well, I had an, um...patron who was staying. Apparently, she was in a spot of trouble and her trouble followed her here. He assaulted her in her cabin. It was kind of...well, unpleasant considering that's unpleasant in and of itself but he then was shot dead a few days later. Not by her and not here," I hastened to add when his scary look turned downright terrifying even if he didn't move a single muscle, just kept staring at me. "By some other guy who had nothing to do with that guy, but apparently this woman was a magnet for trouble so once the first guy who assaulted her later kidnapped her, the second guy killed the first guy and re-kidnapped her, uh...as it were."

As I was finishing up (lamely), Priest straightened and he did this not taking his eyes from me.

It was then I noted something I already knew but noted it in an entirely different way.

He was really tall.

And really big.

As in really.

For both.

I swallowed.

Then I kept giving him the information he needed.

"Unfortunately, she was ripe to be attacked because she didn't turn on the outside light of her cabin. Also, the parking area was unlit. I found that upsetting so I've had lights installed in the lot. They're not overly bright or anything," I assured him quickly. "But they cut the dark. And all the units have new motion sensor lights outside. This can get a bit annoying, seeing as there are critters out there that set them off," I admitted. "But if it gets too annoying, you can turn them off. I just thought you'd wanna know, uh...that I've lit the parking area. You know, just in case you need to close your curtains or something to keep out the light."

"A woman was assaulted," he said slowly when I finally stopped speaking.

"Uh...yeah."

"In one of your cabins," he continued.

"Uh...yeah," I confirmed.

"Were you here?"

"Um...yeah."

"How badly was she hurt?" he asked.

"Norm and Gladys told me she was beaten up but okay. They saw her the next day. She reported it to the police but Norm and Gladys were the ones who reported it to me. That was, until the police came and asked if I'd seen anything."

"Norm and Gladys?"

I grinned at him. "You and them are in a club. My only returning customers."

John Priest clearly did not find his membership in that particular club as exciting as I did. I knew this when his intense look turned into a scowl.

He was scary all the time.

Scowling, he was downright chilling.

Then he added his voice, which was still rumbling, but it was no longer icy. It was vibrating with something I couldn't read, but what I could read was terrifying.

"A woman was assaulted in one of your cabins while you were here, alone, in this house."

I decided not to repeat my confirmation and be quiet for once, mostly because it was taking a lot of effort not to pee my pants.

He looked over my head and into my house. Two seconds later, in utter fascination, I watched the scowl fade from his face as the mask of indifference slid over his features and his gaze came back to me.

"I'll be here three days. Still one hundred?" he asked as if our very recent word exchange had not transpired.

"Yes," I whispered.

He went for his wallet, gave me four one-hundred-dollar bills, and I gave him his key.

"Have a nice stay," I said softly as he turned to leave.

He aimed a wintry look at me over his shoulder.

My entire body did a quiver.

He closed the door behind him.

I sucked in a calming breath and didn't move in order to give the calming part of that breath opportunity to work.

When I was no longer in danger of screaming in terror and fleeing my own property, it hit me that something just happened.

That something was that John Priest let down his guard with me.

And when he did it, if I wasn't losing my mind, he did it because he was upset at the idea that I might have been in danger.

Nearly two years, half a dozen visits, practically zero conversation, a lot of money exchanging hands, John Priest finally showed a reaction.

And it bore repeating, if I was not mistaken, that reaction was that he was supremely ticked that I had been near danger.

"Whoa," I whispered to the door and heard Priest's big Suburban move down the lane.

* * * * *

That evening I sat on my side porch with my feet up on the top railing, staring at the lights from cabin eleven eking through the trees.

Since he'd shown that afternoon, I'd been thinking about it and there was no way around it.

The dude liked me.

First, he kept coming back, and in the beginning the cabins weren't all that much to write home about.

Now, they needed better insulation and there were ten dozen other things that I wanted to do to improve them. They weren't luxury. They were definitely nice but they weren't terribly exciting.

But he kept coming back.

There were lots of places to stay. It wasn't like the Colorado Mountains were something people avoided.

John Priest stayed at Glacier Lily.

Second, there was no denying the iron control he kept over his emotions slipped that day in my foyer. And he wasn't upset generally about the state of a world where random women were assaulted in mountain cabins.

He was upset that I was there, alone, unprotected, and violence had been perpetrated on my property.

"Yep," I whispered into the waning light. "The dude likes me."

I didn't know what to do with this.

Suddenly, my thoughts turned to Priest's hands.

After that, I thought about the fact my vibrator was constantly on charge, that was how much I used it.

What could I say? I was a twenty-six year old woman without a boyfriend but with a good imagination and a healthy sex drive. That kind of thing happened.

I took my feet from the railing, put them to the deck, and heaved myself out of my Adirondack chair (that seriously needed sanding and paint, not to mention a pad, my butt was aching).

I entered the house and went to the powder room on the first floor.

It needed updating. The wallpaper gave me a headache, it was so flowery. The oval mirror over the sink had once been gilded. Now it looked tawdry. And there were rust stains in the sink from a drip that my dad fixed for me when they visited last Christmas. A drip, from those stains, that had to have been ongoing for perhaps centuries.

I didn't take any of this in.

I looked at myself in the mirror.

I could see my hair. It was down, waving and curling wild and way longer than I used to wear it, since I never had time for haircuts.

I didn't have on even a swipe of makeup and I couldn't remember the last time I'd used cosmetics. It had to be months. It could be over a year.

And I was wearing another babydoll tee, this one light pink and in hot pink on the front it said, "Carnal Is for Bikers." Over that was what could only be described as a stick skeleton man riding a stick motorcycle with a huge, weird, wild grin on his skeleton face. It was from a biker town that was about an hour away. I'd bought it on one of my rare jaunts around the area, one that did double duty of me putting out Glacier Lily brochures and stapling leaflets to bulletin boards.

I loved that tee.

I was also wearing a pair of cutoff jeans shorts. These were faded and I fancied they hung pretty good on me, what with me putting on a bit of the weight I lost after Dick Grant hastened his retreat due to me kicking him out.

When I looked down to my feet, I saw I wasn't wearing any shoes.

I was sporting a rather nice pedicure, though, bright purple that was almost neon.

I'd done it myself. And the results pleased me.

They pleased me enough-it all pleased me enough-I walked out and went to the kitchen, heading straight to the fridge. I slid out the homemade chocolate cream pie I'd put in there that morning. I grabbed a knife. When I was about to slice in, I moved it three centimeters wider and sliced a huge-ass piece. I slid it on a plate, covered it in cling wrap, and went to the back door. I slid on my pink metallic, slim strap havaianas with their sole covered in gray, white, and turquoise flowers then I headed to the front door.

Before I could think better of it, I grabbed my key, walked out, locked up, and moved to the lane.

Then I moved straight to cabin eleven.

The lights were on, the sheers pulled.

I walked up the steps, across the porch, and to the front door.

I sucked in a breath.

Then I lifted my hand and knocked.

A nanosecond later, the door swung open so swiftly, I gasped and took a step back.

"You okay?" John Priest asked.

Oh man.

The dude so...totally...liked me!

"Uh...yeah," I answered.

I saw his eyes through the screen door drop to the pie.

Quickly, I started, "I made this today. I thought you might-"

His gaze sliced to mine and he cut me off. "Go home."

"I-"

"Go. Home."

I felt my heart start beating hard in my chest as I said softly, "It's really good."

"Go home."

"John..."

I said no more because at the mere utterance of his name, something sinister beat from him through the screen right into me, pummeling me to such an extreme, it was a wonder I didn't drop to a knee.

"Woman," he growled, impatience threaded liberally through the word. "Go...the fuck...home."

And it was then he closed the door on me.

I stood at his door for long moments.

Then I went home.

When I got there, I ate the pie.

I did this even though every bite made me feel sick.

Like any good woman who'd just humiliated herself would, I ignored that feeling and kept eating.

And later, when I climbed into bed, I didn't sleep.

<br/>

"Love you too, Momma."

She rang off and I stared at my phone.

Then I jumped when it rang.

The screen said Blocked but since it was not only my cell but also the cabins' business number, I took the call.

"Merry Christmas!" I greeted, force-cheerfully.

"Woman."

At that word and who I knew was saying it, I blinked at my lap.

"You there?" he asked.

"Yes," I answered.

"You open?"

"Yes."

"See you in thirty."

Then I heard the disconnect.

It was a whole minute later when I finally pulled the phone from my ear that I realized I'd just had my first phone conversation with John Priest, he was coming to Glacier Lily, and for the first time since he started coming, cabin eleven was not open.

No cabin was open.

"Oh man," I whispered to my phone.

And it was then I realized I was already in my pajamas.

So I flew off the couch and dashed to my room to put some clothes on.

* * * * *

An hour later, I opened the door, looked at John Priest standing there, noted the flakes of snow on his broad shoulders and in his dark hair, then I caught sight of what was happening behind him.

It was snowing.

Hugely.

"Holy cow!" I cried. "It's snowing!"

"Bad. Roads are shit," Priest replied, moving in, and I moved back.

"How shit?" I asked as I closed the door behind him.

"Barely got here and I got a snow kinda truck shit."

Oh man.

"I, uh...well, Jo...I mean, Mr. Priest, eleven isn't open," I told him.

"Take what you got," he told me, already at the registration book.

"I don't have anything," I said quietly. "I'm full up."

He straightened and turned to me. "No shit?"

I shook my head. "Nope. I would have told you before but you disconnected the call before I could share that information."

He looked beyond me, his expression vague, his thoughts elsewhere, likely where he could find a place to crash on Christmas Eve in the middle of a blinding snowstorm, but still he managed to mutter, "Fuck."

At the look on his face, the lights twinkling on the tree in my living room that could be seen from the foyer, the snow falling heavy and soft outside the window, and having the knowledge that Priest, just like me, was alone on an important holiday, I blurted, "You can stay here. I have a guestroom. Actually, I have two."

He focused on me, and when he did, I sucked my lips between my teeth.

"You crazy?" he asked.

I shook my head, let my lips go, and stated, "It's snowing."

"It is, woman, but you don't know me."

"Are you going to hurt me?" I asked.

"Fuck no," he answered inflexibly.

Well, that was good.

"It's also Christmas Eve," I noted.

He made no reply to that.

"And, I, well...have enough food for two. Though, I have mostly romantic movies to watch but all the other DVDs haven't been checked out and there might be something you'll wanna watch."

He said nothing.

"Or you can be by yourself," I offered. "Stay in your room and brood or sleep off the road. You just can't build bombs in it or plan government takeovers."

His brows moved up slightly. "Government takeovers?"

"I'm being funny," I explained.

He didn't confirm or deny he agreed that I was funny. He just kept staring at me.

I straightened my shoulders, held his gaze, and stated, "You're welcome. It's Christmas and I'm alone. It'll be nice to have someone around, even someone I don't know. And it'll be nice to do something nice for someone on Christmas, like give a weary traveler somewhere to lay his head and food to fill his belly."

This particular weary traveler's head tilted a bit to the side and his gaze on me was sharp, even if it was void, when he asked, "You think you're livin' one of those romantic movies?"

"I absolutely, one hundred percent know for a fact that I am not living one of those romantic movies," I answered immediately and resolutely. I then went on to point out, "I'm alone on Christmas, Priest. How romantic is that?"

His face changed, I swear, it changed, as in, it went soft for a heartbeat before he said quietly, "Pie."

Not a fun memory.

But...whatever.

I drew up a hand and waved it in front of my face in a "pshaw" gesture.

"I was being nice. You're immune to nice. I won't try that again but, just saying, the caveat is that it's Christmas and you can't not be nice on Christmas so you're gonna have to suck it up and accept nice. Even if it's me setting a sandwich by the door of your room while you stay in it, badass brooding."

"I don't brood," he stated and I looked to his shoulder before muttering an openly disbelieving, "Right."

That was when he asked, "What's for dinner?" and my eyes shot to his, something bubbling inside me at his words, words that meant he was staying. It was something dangerous. Something I knew I should not feel. Something I immediately denied I was feeling.

"I already had dinner," I told him. "But I was about to break out the chocolate-covered almonds. And the tin of macadamia nuts. And it was time to arrange the Christmas cookies for easy reach. I have five varieties. And I could throw together some of my cream cheese corn dip and rip open a bag of tortilla chips."

"Jesus," he murmured but I wasn't done so I spoke over him.

"Or I could make the cheesy, green chile, black bean dip I had planned for luncheon-esque time tomorrow. It's heated. Or I could whip up some parmesan sausage balls. Or those garlic, sausage and cheese things in the wonton wrappers, though that takes some prep and baking. I could also unfreeze some of the beef stew I made last week." My eyes drifted away. "But that'll take time seeing as I'll have to make fresh dumplings so it'll have to simmer awhile."

"Woman," he called and I looked to him. "No stew. Your green chile shit can stay on tomorrow's menu. Nothing with sausage in it 'cause I'm hungry and I don't wanna wait for anything to cook or bake. But all the rest would not go wanting."

I smiled at him, that something inside me bubbling stronger. So strong, I had to clutch on to the denial so it wouldn't burst inside me like a geyser.

"Go grab your stuff," I ordered and kept bossing. "Then take off your coat. Make yourself at home." I started to dash to the kitchen and stopped, turning back. "Your room is the first on the left at the top of the stairs. You could pick the other one but that one's your best bet. It's less girlie. Though, warning, the ex-owners of this house had a psychotic affinity to chintz and flowers so it's only slightly less girlie." I resumed my dash, stopped, and again turned back. "Bathroom is across the hall from that. I have my own bathroom, FYI."

Then I resumed my dash, finishing it by skidding to a halt on the kitchen floor on my thick, woolen socks, wondering where my dip warmer thingie was.

And since I was in the kitchen, and before that had been babbling and not paying attention, I didn't see John Priest watch me through the whole thing, unmoving. I also didn't see him stay that way after I disappeared from the foyer.

And last, I didn't see his big hands ball into tight fists and his strong jaw go hard before he turned to the door.

* * * * *

Early the next morning, I sat on my side porch, jeans on, pink thermal with its tiny blue and green flowers on under a western style jean shirt with pearl snap buttons, fluffy wool scarf wrapped around my neck, my feet encased in very thick wool socks up on the top railing. I had a dusky blue knit cap pulled down over my hair and my fingerless, fuzzy woolen gloves were wrapped around a huge cup of steaming coffee.

I stared at the landscape, the trees surrounding my cabin, evergreens tufted in snow, leafless aspens gilded with it. To the left, the river was running over its red rock, beginning to twinkle in the rising sun. To the right through the trees, my winding lane leading to the cabins one way, the street the other.

We'd had a dump of snow. I needed to get the little tractor with the blade out and clear the lane and parking lot in case any of my patrons wanted to take a Christmas day jaunt.

But I sat there, deciding to do it later. No one in their right mind left their house early on Christmas morning.

On that thought, I heard the door open behind me and I twisted in my chair, keeping my feet where they were, and watched John Priest walk out.

He, too, was wearing thick woolen socks but his were a marled gray and black, whereas mine were a light mint green.

He was also wearing faded jeans, a white thermal under a padded, navy blue flannel shirt, the navy blue somehow making his tawny eyes turn an appealing amber.

He had thick stubble.

It was hot.

And last, his hair was a mess like he hadn't even run his hand through it to tame it after rolling out of bed.

That was hotter.

He was holding a heavy, toffee-colored earthenware mug of my coffee in his meaty fist.

I felt the pull of his magnificence, instantly denied that pull, and smiled at him.

He just looked at me then he looked to the chair beside me, a chair no one had sat in except Dick Grant, and Grant hadn't sat in it often. Then he made his way there.

I looked away as he sat down but I couldn't miss his feet going up on the top railing, two feet from mine.

My legs were bent. His long legs were straight and he crossed them at the ankles.

Sitting beside him in silence, something settled in me. Something just as good and right as I knew it was bad and wrong.

I tried to ignore it.

It was hard to ignore.

I managed it, brought the cup of coffee to my lips, and said softly into it, "Merry Christmas, Priest."

He surprised me by replying in a gentle rumble, "Merry Christmas, Cassidy."

He said my name.

He knew it and he said it.

I smiled into my coffee before I took a sip.

* * * * *

I hit the off button on the remote and turned to Priest.

"Well?" I asked.

"It sucked," he answered.

I felt my eyes grow round. "Sucked? Sucked? Love Actually doesn't suck!" I got up to a forearm in the couch and my gaze on him turned to a glare. "It's perfect Christmas viewing. It has Christmas and it has romance and it has Alan Rickman. Anything with Alan Rickman does...not...suck."

Priest's expression remained the same. "That does."

I rolled my eyes on my, "You're impossible."

He gave a slight shrug indicating he didn't give a flying anything what I thought he was.

I wasn't offended. That was Priest.

"Right. This time, you pick," I stated, tossing the remote on my coffee table. Then I looked back to him. "Or do you want me to start making dinner?"

His brows drew together a centimeter before he reminded me, "We had that green chile bean dip during the last movie."

"So?" I asked.

"So, you stopped stuffing that shit in your face an hour ago."

This was very true. In fact, I had to stop myself from licking the bowl clean and only did that because the bowl was heated and I might burn my tongue.

"It's Christmas, Priest. It's a moral imperative to eat constantly and copiously, maintaining a food stupor in order to lapse into the ultimate stupor, that being a food coma after dinner. This lasts exactly one point five hours whereupon you wake up and eat Christmas dessert."

"How about you eat another fifteen cookies while I take some time to make a hole in my gut to fit dinner while we watch another movie?" he suggested.

My eyes dropped to the opened tins of cookies littering the coffee table, cookies I noted he had not touched (not one), while I muttered, "Works for me."

"Jesus," he muttered back.

I looked again to him. "Go. Movie. Pick."

He heaved himself out of my armchair and walked to my shelves that held my library of DVDs.

"It doesn't have to be romantic," I offered.

"Thank fuck," he murmured and I grinned.

He stood, hands planted on narrow hips, and studied the shelves. This took a while. Long enough for me to get impatient.

"How about Thor?"

He looked over his shoulder at me and communicated nonverbally that Thor was most definitely out.

Apparently, badasses didn't watch superhero movies.

So noted.

He looked back to the shelves.

"How about Red?" I suggested. "It has Bruce Willis in it. You have to like Bruce Willis. Everyone likes Bruce Willis, especially badasses. And it's awesome. And funny. And it has Morgan Freeman and Morgan Freeman makes everything better. And Karl Urban, who isn't hard to watch. Not that you'd think that. But it'd work for me."

He reached out a hand and pulled out a DVD case. I saw it was Red. Thus I grinned again.

He went to the player and as he ejected the last movie, he asked, "Things good with your family?"

I figured he asked this because we'd been doing the breakfast dishes when my family called.

He had then absented himself. The call lasted an hour and a half. A call that, during, John Priest had taken it upon himself to go to the big shed that held a bunch of crap, including my little tractor, and cleared the snow from my lane and the parking area.

Part of the time he did it, I watched from the side porch, listening to my family, happy and together and celebrating and trying to pull me into that feeling long distance, and I did it with that something I was denying I was feeling bubbling up inside me.

It was a super-awesome thing for him to do. Giving me time with my family. Giving me a break from the constant work.

When he got back, I thanked him.

His reply was, "Chile dip."

I took this to mean badasses weren't good with gratitude.

I'd noted that too.

"Things are good with the fams," I assured him as he put Love Actually in its case and tossed it on the TV stand.

It was then he surprised me by asking another question, this one more personal than the first.

"Why aren't you there?"

"My cabins are rented."

He finished shoving Red in the player, turned, and leveled his eyes on me.

"Why aren't you there?"

I sighed.

Then I explained. "I have an SUV to buy."

His head cocked to the side. "What?"

"I have an SUV to buy," I repeated. "And I'm saving to pay my dad back for giving me money to make a go of this place. I'm doing that with interest so it's taking some time. And I'm buying my SUV with cash because I don't want to finance it. The cabins are filling up and I almost always have several of them rented, but it's not like it's steady and I haven't been here long enough, and the cabins haven't been renting steadily enough to assess how the rentals are going in order to get a sense of what kind of the income I'll have. So I'm being cautious. And I need the money."

He moved to his chair, no longer looking at me, and folded his frame into it.

What he didn't do was reply.

I reached to the remote.

That was when he spoke again.

"Why didn't they come here?"

"Home is closer and Mom and Dad have a huge house."

I felt his gaze so I looked to him.

"You got eleven cabins," he pointed out.

"Home is home, Priest, and my sister just had their first grandchild. My mom and dad live on the ranch in Oklahoma where my dad grew up, his dad grew up, me and my brother and sister grew up. With Lacey having her first baby, the ranch was where this Christmas had to be."

"Have you met her kid?" he asked.

I shook my head.

He looked to the blank TV.

I took that as a sign it was time to fire up the movie, so I did that.

We were ten minutes in before Priest said quietly, "Nothin' more important than family."

His words made me catch my breath, mostly because he was right. I should have taken the financial hit, closed Glacier Lily, and taken a few days to drive down and spend Christmas with my family, meet my nephew, get to know my soon-to-be sister-in-law better, commune with my beloved uncle.

I really should have.

I also caught my breath because those words came from him and they were surprising, seeing as he was here with me, a stranger to him like he was to me.

Which meant he either didn't have any family or he knew just how true those words were because he lost his somewhere along the way. Neither option, by the by, sat very well with me.

But bottom line, I couldn't deny that deep inside I liked it that he felt that way.

It was my turn not to reply and I didn't.

I just reached to a cookie tin, settled in, and watched the movie.

* * * * *

"So, badasses drink hot cocoa," I remarked.

"Yup," John Priest confirmed.

I grinned into the steam coming from my cup and snuggled deeper into the blanket I'd wrapped around me prior to sitting in my Adirondack chair on my side porch, Priest beside me.

I had my eyes trained through the trees to the glimmering Christmas lights fighting through the dark to give a subdued but nevertheless merry feel to Priest and I sitting in the cold and snow, drinking cocoa late at night after tons of movies, good food, a dinner that Priest tucked into-his first bite of duck making his face change momentarily, showing me he liked it, making me like giving that to him more than was healthy.

Now Christmas was almost over and it wasn't a good day. It was an excellent day. He wasn't talkative company. He wasn't warm. He wasn't affectionate. He hadn't even smiled.

But that didn't mean he wasn't good company. That didn't mean in his own unique way he didn't communicate without words or even looks that he appreciated being there. My company. My food. My goofiness. Just being somewhere nice with a decent person on a holiday. It meant something to him and he communicated that to me.

And I knew that because there we sat, in comfortable silence broken only by me occasionally saying something stupid just because I had the feeling he enjoyed me being a dork. So much it put the comfort in comfortable for him.

I listened to the river flow, allowed the stillness of the night to shroud me, warm in my blanket with hot cocoa in my belly, and definitely warm in the companionship of the man at my side.

I sighed quietly and relaxed deeper into the beautiful tranquility.

"We don't change."

That came from Priest and it came quiet. Not ugly. Not icy. Not mean.

But firm.

And the bubbling inside me stopped gurgling.

"Okay," I whispered.

"'Preciate the kindness," he went on.

"Good," I said softly.

"You're a good woman, Cassidy."

I closed my eyes, opened them, and murmured, "Thanks."

"But we don't change."

"Got it."

He said no more.

I licked my lips and took a sip of cocoa.

The night was no less still. The view no less beautiful. But the tranquility was gone.

I sipped my cocoa and got to the bottom of the cup, doing it making a decision.

So he was scary. So he was badass. So he was closed off in a way that he'd made clear more than once he was never going to open.

I didn't care.

I had this one shot, the only one I knew I'd ever get, so I was going to take it.

He would give nothing, this I knew.

I didn't care about that either.

I was going to do what I had to do.

No.

I was going to take what I needed and give what I wanted.

Therefore, I said, "Gonna call it a night," as I unwrapped myself and got to my feet.

I threw the blanket over my arm and made to move between our chairs as Priest remained silent.

I stopped by his chair and I looked down at him gazing at the trees.

"I know you don't wanna hear this," I started quietly. "I know you don't do friendly. But I don't care. It's still Christmas and I still get to give friendly and you're gonna take it."

He didn't move and he didn't speak.

I did.

"It was a good Christmas, John."

I didn't see him tense but I sure as heck felt it.

That didn't stop me.

"It was going to be a crappy one, but you showed and made it good. I'll remember it forever, the year the stranger who wasn't a stranger saved me from a lonely holiday."

Before I lost my nerve, I bent to him, my lips at his ear. So close, I could smell his scent. And it was his. Not cologne. Not aftershave.

All Priest.

Heavenly.

"It meant a lot," I whispered. "So I thank you for that, John Priest."

I moved my head, my lips now at his temple while he remained stone-still.

"Merry Christmas," I finished softly, brushed my lips against the dark hair beyond his temple, and quickly, before he could rebuff me and take away all the goodness he'd given me, I scurried to the door and through it.

I made sure the house was locked up (all but the side door off the kitchen so Priest could get in, of course), but kept a few lights on to lead Priest's way to bed.

I got in my own and laid there for a long time, listening.

He didn't come up for ages. I checked my alarm clock and it was over an hour.

Only when I heard the door close in the hall did my eyes finally drift shut so I could go to sleep.

And I slept not knowing that the man in my guestroom sat outside for over an hour, quietly, unmoving, all the while waging war.

He won.

But he lost.

And so did I.

Because the next day, before I got up, he was gone, but he left behind three hundred-dollar-bills on my registration book, taking away the kindness I'd given him, seeing as he paid for it.

And two months later, when he came back, Christmas had not changed him. He rented cabin eleven. He paid in cash. He spoke few words. After he checked in, I barely saw him. And when he checked out, he shoved the key through the mail slot on my door.

Three months after that, more of the same.

Six months after that, the same.

This lasted for four years.

Four.

I told myself I wasn't doing it, but I kept cabin eleven open as best I could, just in case. It was always the last cabin I rented when I was full up.

And I did it so every time he came-not constant, but consistent-the only thing I had to give him was open for me to give.

* * * * *

That was the way it was.

And that was the way it remained.

Until that night.

That night that would be the best night by far in my entire life.

A night that would also be the worst thing that ever happened to me.

Chapter Four

Honey

My eyes opened the instant I heard the loud music start.

I knew.

I knew by the looks of the family there was going to be trouble.

Three boys, all the same age, obviously not brothers and they couldn't be a day older than eighteen.

Two parents in a fancy Escalade, the boys in a not quite as fancy Navigator. Two parents that checked them in to a cabin and I hadn't seen them since. Checked them in because they knew no way in hell the proprietress of kickass cabins in the Colorado Mountains would let three underage boys itching for spring break fun stay alone in one of her cabins. Checked them in and took off, probably to check in to their own fancy condo closer to the slopes.

Checked them in and left them to their spring break to do what those boys clearly, by their car and clothes and snowboards and attitudes, felt entitled to do.

That being whatever the heck they wanted.

It had been so far, so good. Three days and they were mostly not there. No noise. SUV gone. More than likely hitting the slopes and carousing elsewhere.

I'd gone to bed and done it after checking the lot.

When I did, they were gone.

Now I knew they were back.

I threw off the covers and quickly dressed. Jeans. Bra. Thermal. Socks. Boots.

I grabbed the baseball bat I'd kept by my bed since that woman was assaulted in one of my cabins and Priest got angry about it. On my way out, I also nabbed my flashlight.

I left lights on in the foyer, the motion sensor lights outside coming on as I went out. I locked up after me, turned on the flashlight, and headed swiftly down the lane toward the cabins where the loud music was emanating.

It was late March, still high season, and now spring break season. The last few years, the country had hit a recession, but somehow I'd survived it. Rentals dipped occasionally but I always had customers in more than three cabins, which worked for me. Things were looking up for the economy and my rentals were up. Right then, I had nine cabins rented.

As I walked down the lane, my head turned right, toward eleven, which was also rented.

Priest was there.

He had been for two days. I'd checked him in and after, as usual, hadn't seen him.

However, at that precise moment, his cabin was dark and there was no black Suburban parked outside it.

He was somewhere else.

Interesting. He'd been there when I'd checked the lot at ten o'clock. I had no clue he took off and stayed out late, mostly because I made a habit of not paying attention.

It was interesting but none of my business.

I kept walking, thinking that in the last four years he'd updated his Suburban. It was still caked on the side with mud most of the times he came to stay, but it was newer. It just didn't seem to matter to him it was newer. He took the same care of it as he did the old one.

He wasn't alone in getting a new vehicle. Three years ago, I'd bought a dark green Range Rover. My baby. I freaking loved it. Much better than my car. Especially when I had to hit Costco and load up on laundry soap in bulk.

Also in the last four years, a bunch more had happened.

I'd had all the cabins re-insulated, for one. And I'd had swamp coolers installed. I'd upgraded the furnaces. I'd attached flower boxes to all the windows of the cabins that faced the lot, and in a few weeks, I'd be filling them with bright flowers and lush greenery. I'd had permanent fairy lights wound around a number of aspen by the parking lot and dotted through the woods to add more light to the night and do it in a way that was attractive, quirky, and welcoming. They were on timers. Turning on late dusk, turning off at eleven-thirty to let the five dim overheads do the work of lighting the space.

This meant now, they were off.

Further, as the snow melted away, the wildflowers would be coming. Randomly and regularly I tossed seeds and planted bulbs wherever it struck my fancy. Amongst the trees, around the cabins, around my house, but concentrating up and down the river banks. Some of them didn't take so I did it repeatedly (and would be doing it again soon with the seeds, the bulbs I'd plant in autumn) and every year I got more blooms coming up, color bursting through the summer months, making the entirety of my property even more beautiful.

I'd also had the master bath at my house renovated, something, thankfully, I did not do myself. I'd gotten rid of all the flowery wallpaper and painted or papered the walls like I liked them. I'd refinished all the floors (something I did do, backbreaking but worth it).

I'd further managed to get rid of some of the chintzy or velvety or flowery furniture and replace it with pieces that suited me. Quirky pieces. Comfortable pieces. Things I liked to see when I walked into my house that was becoming, month by month, inch by inch, all about me.

I'd also hired Milagros to help with the cabins. She cleaned them and changed the sheets when a customer left. On occasion, she also hung at my house with her husband Manuel in order to be available to patrons whenever I needed a change of scenery.

Having her helped amazingly.

It meant I could go boarding, which I did. It meant I could take jaunts around the county and the ones adjoining on more than rare occasions. And not just to drop brochures and staple pamphlets on bulletin boards, but to discover, go shopping, go hiking, have the kind of mini-adventures that made life interesting.

Having Milagros also meant I could go to the local festivals. It meant I could go into town, have a drink, make some friends who were definitely now friends and not friendly acquaintances. I could go off and listen to live music at the bar in town or in Gnaw Bone, which wasn't too far away.

I could have a life.

I could really live the dream.

And a life I had.

I just wasn't living the dream.

I knew it.

Something was missing.

I just didn't know what it was.

I'd even dated (and gotten laid). Alas, none of these men worked out and it wasn't like I always had a guy. But at least I had some companionship that was more than shooting the breeze with Milagros, going to her house for dinner when she asked me, or hanging out with my girls in town.

As far as I knew, and I knew not very far because I knew him not at all, nothing had changed for John Priest, except he had an updated SUV.

I wondered, vaguely-which was the only way I allowed myself to wonder before I shut it down-where he was after one in the morning.

Then I focused on the cabins, the one with the boys being lit up like a beacon, but worse, the cabins on either side of it and three more besides had lights on. Lights I knew that had been turned on because they were probably right now phoning my cell to tell me to do something about this crap.

I felt my blood pressure rise as I tightened my grip on the bat and stomped up the steps to cabin six. Horizon cabin. The cabin painted in the muted blues and grays and purples of a Rocky Mountain horizon with prints of horizon vistas on the walls.

The Navigator was out front, as was another SUV.

I walked right to the door and knocked. Loudly.

The music went off quickly. A lot more quickly than the door opened.

In fact, the door didn't open at all.

I hammered on it, shouting, "Open up!"

"Who is it?" a boy-man's voice shouted back.

I didn't share who I was because he knew who I was.

Instead, I threatened, "Open up immediately or I'm calling the police!"

Several moments passed before the door opened. But not far. I still caught a glimpse of the space beyond filled with food wrappers, beer cans (in fact, on the coffee table there was a beer can pyramid and it wasn't a small one-how was it that the youth of America never got out of doing stupid crap like that?) and the couch was covered in bodies. Two to be precise.

A boy on top.

A girl on the bottom.

And another girl who was not on the couch but on her feet. She disappeared out of sight within moments of the door being opened.

At what I took in, more precisely, at the way the girl was laying there, a feeling of dread shifted through me as the tall, rather muscular, very fit boy who I guessed was the parents' actual son filled the narrow space he'd opened the door.

"What do you need?" he asked.

"Open the door and let me in," I demanded.

He didn't open the door.

He said, "Sorry about the music. We won't turn it on again."

I held his eyes and informed him, "I need to speak to your parents."

He shifted out of the space, not totally but so I couldn't see his face. Then he shifted back and said, "They're asleep."

Did he seriously think I was that stupid?

"I need to speak to them right now."

"Maybe you can talk to them in the morning," he suggested.

Ugh.

What a punk.

I put my hand with the flashlight on the door and pushed.

The kid pushed back.

"Are your parents here?" I asked.

"I told you." He was losing patience and showing it. Definitely a punk. "They're sleeping."

"Son, let's not play this game," I said. "Your parents aren't in there."

"They are," he stated obstinately.

I shook my head, done with him.

"Open this door," I said low and quiet. "Immediately."

His eyes shifted to the side then back to me and he lifted his chin.

"Not sure you can come in here unless you're invited."

"I'm not a vampire, kid. I don't have to be invited. But even if I were the undead, I own this property. Now, open the freaking door. Now."

He pushed harder against me pushing harder on the door and ordered, "Come back tomorrow."

"Open or I'll-"

I didn't finish my statement. The kid's eyes darted up, widened instantly with fear, and then the door opened so fast, the kid stumbled back and I fell through.

I lost hold on my bat and flashlight seeing as I was about to go down on my knees and I needed to throw my hands out to cushion my fall.

But I didn't go down. This was because an arm hooked around my middle and hauled me up to steady on my feet.

The arm stayed there, ironclad, locked around my belly, forcing my back to fit tight to a hard frame and my heart skipped a beat when I heard Priest growl, "Fuck me."

It took me a second to recover from the surprise of him suddenly being there.

Then everything I was seeing, and smelling, crashed in to me.

The three boys were there, two others besides, all big and bulky. There were beer cans everywhere, also Jack Daniels and Absolut, several bottles of both, some tipped to their sides leaking onto my pretty braided rugs and across my fabulous floors, not to mention cans of beer the same way.

The air smelled of vomit, beer, booze, cigarettes, and pot. In fact, there was a cloud of smoke hanging in the room and there were makeshift ashtrays, these being torn apart beer cans. They didn't work very well. I knew this because there were burns in my coffee table.

There was also a girl in jeans, a sweater, and boots on her ass in the corner, one of the boys ineffectually attempting to hide her with his body. She was on her ass in the corner, knees up, curled into herself, face shoved into her legs, sobbing.

And there was another girl that another boy scrambled off of when Priest and I forced our way in (well, Priest did, I tumbled in).

She was the one on the couch, clearly unconscious, her clothing askew, the sweater that was pushed up was pushed high and I could see her bra.

Pressure built in my head and was about to blow but it didn't because I would find in that instant I had a much bigger problem on my hands.

That problem being Priest.

"You hurt her?"

His voice came low, deep, quiet, and deadly.

"My parents bought us the booze," the kid replied, not answering his question, his chin up, his body held alert, his eyes scared.

"Did you...hurt her?" Priest repeated and I twisted my neck to look up at him.

Oh yes.

I had a much bigger problem on my hands.

"They know we're here. They're cool with all this," the boy answered.

Suddenly, I was not held against Priest.

Suddenly, I was standing on my own two feet, Priest was across the room, the kid pinned to the wall by Priest holding himself two inches away, his chin dipped, his face nose to nose, the kid not moving, I guessed, due to the sheer force of Priest's terrifying presence.

He slashed an arm behind him indicating the girl still on her ass and sobbing.

"Did you...fucking...hurt her?" he growled.

"The pot was laced with something," the kid answered quickly, eyes enormous, body wired, fear wafting off him in waves. "We didn't know. She smoked it and went weird so none of us had any. No one touched her. She's been crying for, like, an hour or something."

"The girl on the couch," Priest bit out.

"She...she..." the boy started and trailed off, likely so he could concentrate on not messing himself, which was what his face was sharing he was doing, or close to it.

At this, I decided to let Priest do his thing, however scary that might be, but I had to prioritize. So I rushed to the girl on the couch, pulled her sweater down, and grabbed the throw I left for customers to cuddle up with in front of their TVs or out on their porches and threw it over her.

She moaned and shifted and then went slack.

She was fully clothed, even had her shoes on, which I took as a good sign.

"You leave this cabin, I break your legs before I break your neck."

That came from Priest and my eyes shot to him to see he was still nose to nose with the kid so he wasn't talking to him. Therefore I looked to the door to see the kid who'd been on top of the girl on the couch was trying to make his escape.

At Priest's words, the kid stopped and stood completely still, his Adam's apple bobbing, his gaze glued to Priest's back.

And this was indication badasses had eyes in the back of their heads and high school punks weren't completely stupid because I couldn't be sure, but I had an inkling Priest's threat wasn't entirely empty.

"Do you want cops?"

This also came from Priest and no one answered, primarily because the boys obviously didn't want cops and I didn't know why he was giving them the choice.

His head turned and he pinned me with a scowl.

"Cassidy," he prompted on an infuriated rumble.

I opened my mouth but didn't get a word out before a girl's broken voice cried, "We'll get in trouble! We'll get in trouble! You can't phone the cops! I'll lose my scholarship and Peyton's parents will totally freak!"

I was looking at her so when she stopped, I called gently, "Did they hurt you, honey?"

She shook her head vehemently. "No. No. We were just partying."

"Did they hurt Peyton?" I asked, waving my hand to indicate the girl on the couch.

She shook her head. "No. I was...was...before you got here, I was getting him off her. He didn't get very far."

"You sure?" I asked.

She nodded her head, bobbing it up and down quickly.

I moved to her and crouched close, her eyes following me the whole way.

I kept hold of them as I said quietly, "You do her no favors, not telling me the truth right now."

She shook her head again. "I was gonna get us out of here. I was. I promise. Swear. I wouldn't let that happen. The...the...the stuff I smoked was wearing off. And Peyton has a boyfriend back at home. Something happened, he'd lose it and break up with her and she'd never get over it."

"Promise me," I whispered.

"He was...he was...he's a jerk," she whispered back, her eyes darting beyond me to where the boy who was on Peyton was standing. "But he didn't get very far."

"You weren't helping her when we came in."

"'Cause you weren't letting him close the door on you and I knew they were caught. You'd get in. You'd help her and then the door flew open and I got out of the way."

I searched the features of a young, high, drunk, terrified girl I did not know to try to ascertain if the worst that could happen happened in my cabin.

She stared up at me, holding my gaze, hers wet and scared, but unwavering.

"I wanna get outta here," she whispered.

"You got a car?" I asked.

She shook her head again. "We came with them. I was gonna walk Peyton up to the road then call a taxi."

"Where are you staying?'

"Vista Real Condos, by the slopes."

I nodded that I knew it, straightened, and turned to Priest. "I'm taking the girls home."

Priest glowered at me but jerked up his chin. "You deal with them, I'll deal with this," he stated.

I didn't know what "this" was or how he intended to deal with it and I didn't care.

I only cared about one thing.

So I walked across the cabin and got close to him.

"I want this place cleaned up and I want their asses out of here, Priest. Spic and freaking span and them gone," I hissed.

"It'll be done," he replied tersely.

I looked into his eyes, nodded, and turned.

"I'm gonna get my car. You rouse Peyton. Yeah?" I said to the girl.

She was pushing herself to her feet and wiping her face but she still managed to say, "Yeah."

I moved to the door, stopped in it, and forced my eyes to the boy standing there.

"One day," I said, my voice soft, my tone ugly. "You're gonna have baby girls. One day, you're gonna have daughters you'll love more than anything in the world. And then there'll come the day, the weeks, the months, the fucking years," I leaned in to him, my voice degenerating, "you'll lie awake, remembering this night. Remembering what you did to that girl. Scared out of your damned mind that some fucking asshole is doing that to one of your girls. Knowing it could happen because you know, being that kind of asshole, there are tons of assholes out there just like you."

His face paled and his throat convulsed.

"I pray to God what you did tonight never happens to the babies you're gonna make," I stated quietly. "But I'm fucking thrilled you'll live in terror of it."

On that, I stomped out to get my SUV.

* * * * *

By the time I got Annabelle (who told me her name in my Rover) and Peyton to Vista Real, got their behinds into their condo (also with no parents, what were these people thinking?) and dealt with Peyton puking for an hour-after which I delivered my lecture to them while Peyton lay sniveling on the couch, curled up against Annabelle, who was cradling and rocking her-and made my way home, it was well past four in the morning.

I drove directly to cabin six.

There was no Navigator. The other SUV was gone too.

It was dark, as were all the cabins, including eleven, where Priest's Suburban was parked outside.

Apparently, Priest had done his duty and then bedded down for some shuteye.

I found this upsetting. I knew it, I felt it, but I didn't let that feeling take hold.

It was Priest and I had to accept that.

I had no other choice.

Still, I got out of my Rover, walked up to the cabin, and used my master key to open the door.

I flipped the light switch and saw it was clean as a pin. The smell lingered in the air, which meant I'd probably have to shampoo the rugs and air the place out but there was nothing to indicate it had been trashed three hours before, outside the cigarette burns in the coffee table. I even walked through the bedrooms and bathroom and found they'd cleared out. Not a pair of undies to say those loser kids had ever been in residence.

Feeling slightly better about this (slightly), I grabbed my bat and flashlight that Priest had left sitting on the couch for me, left, locked up, and drove my Rover home.

I walked in carrying my flashlight and bat, dumping both on the seat of the handsome, carved, antique hall tree that was one of the few things that the ex-owners left that I intended to keep.

I left the light glowing in the foyer but headed straight to the dark kitchen.

I did this because that was where the bourbon was.

I made it to the cabinet where I kept my booze and was reaching to it when the voice sounded behind me.

"Why don't you have a man?"

I jumped, whirled, and stared at the hulking shadow sitting at my kitchen table (my table, not the ex-owners, theirs was gone-it was gently used, oak, sloped arrowback chairs, one thick, sturdy, carved, gorgeous leg holding up the table-I'd found it on Craig's List, local, and a screaming deal).

I stared at Priest, finding it hard to speak because my breathing had turned heavy.

"Why don't you have a man?" he repeated.

"I-"

I heard his chair scrape across the wood floor and my body shot straight as he stood, his shadowed presence a menace, even across the room.

"You're the most beautiful woman I've seen in my entire fuckin' life," he stated, his voice hushed but pulsing in a way that scared the heck out of me.

But it was his words that made me stop breathing.

"How is it that a woman that looks like you does not have a fuckin' man?" he asked.

"John-" I forced out.

"That is not my name," he clipped, his sudden fury blanketing the room. "You know that's not my name, Cassidy."

"Okay, Priest-" I tried again.

He leaned toward me threateningly.

"That's not my fuckin' name either and you know that too," he bit out. "You know, woman. You fuckin' know. So why the fuck do you rent a cabin to me?"

I didn't reply because there was no answer to that. We both knew it. We both knew I had no business renting him a cabin.

We both knew it.

"Every time I show, I pray to God there'll be another truck outside your house, a man in your bed. Every time I show, nothin'. You're alone. No fuckin' clue why. You the way you are. Goofy. Sweet. Hard-workin'. Happy to sit outside on a porch and sit quiet, doin' nothin' but bein' and listenin' to a river rush by. The way you look. No man?" I saw him shake his head in disbelief. "It makes no fuckin' sense. Then you rent a cabin to me knowin' you should show me the road and that makes even less sense."

"You need somewhere to stay and I need the money," I chanced pointing out.

"You needed the money, Cassidy," he retorted swiftly. "That was your excuse in the beginning. You don't need it anymore so we both know that's bullshit."

I lifted my hands, half-confused, half-pleading. "I don't know what you want me to say."

"I wanna know why you have no man," he returned immediately. "And since you don't have a man, why you don't have a dog. And a fuckin' Taser. And a goddamned can of pepper spray."

"I-"

"You walk up to a situation like that with a Maglite and a baseball bat?" he asked, throwing a long arm wide, indicating the cabins in an angry way that made me step back and hit counter. "You rent to a guy like me and walk into a situation like that, you're fuckin' whacked."

"They were just kids. I knew that."

"They were drunk, high, well-built high school boys with a hankerin' for pussy and no fuckin' scruples at all about how they got it."

I sucked my lips between my teeth because he was right.

"You got a pussy, Cassidy?" he asked derisively.

I didn't give him the answer to that question because he knew the answer.

Since he knew it, he kept at me.

"Your beauty, five foot fuckin' five, a slip of a woman with tits and ass, don't matter you're older than them, they're in the mood, they'll take that beauty, woman. Take it. Use it. Fuckin' destroy it."

"I-"

"You need a goddamned man," he spat.

I decided at that juncture not to speak, mostly because he wasn't letting me say anything, partly because he was scaring the crap out of me, and lastly because no one could rant forever. He'd eventually burn it out and take off.

He always took off.

He came.

He left.

And we never changed.

But that thought gave me a new fear, a fear bigger than any I'd had in my life.

That fear being whoever he was, whatever he did, what happened that night made it clear in a way he could no longer ignore that I meant something to him, and him being with me, even if he was never really with me, brought me danger.

So he'd never come again.

The danger he might bring did not scare me.

The idea of losing him, though...

I had no idea why, but that petrified me.

My body strung tight when his voice sounded again, this time so guttural, it was tortured.

"Why don't you have a fuckin' man?"

His obvious pain slicing through me, my lips moved, and when they did, they did it to whisper, "Honey."

And then he wasn't across the room.

He was right there, his arms locked around me, one hand in my hair tugging back and not gently, his mouth crashing down on mine.

I didn't hesitate even a second.

I opened my lips.

He thrust his tongue inside on a feral growl that shot right through me, straight through, down deep, detonating between my legs.

And I was up, plastered to him but moving swiftly.

Then I was down, back to the kitchen table, Priest (or whoever he was) bent over me, his tongue taking, his big hands moving over me just like I knew they'd be.

Far from gentle.

Rough.

Greedy.

Demanding.

Amazing.

I was ready. His tongue in my mouth, his scent in my nostrils, his big body bent over me, those hands on me, I was ready.

And it had nothing to do with not having a lover for months.

It had everything to do with the man who called himself John Priest.

So I curled my fingers into his thermal and pulled up.

He broke his mouth from mine instantly, arching back. His hands going behind his neck, he tore it off and tossed it aside. Then he moved his arms back around me but his fingers yanked at my thermal. I instantly shot my arms in the air, he ripped it off, and threw it away.

Within a breath, I felt my bra unclasped at the back and his finger scratching between my breasts, jerking it off, the straps scraping my arms that were forced in front of me to accommodate its release.

Then he was bent over me and I was forced back to the table, his mouth tracing a path from my neck down. It latched on to my nipple and he drew it in, hard and sharp.

I cried out, my fingers diving into his hair.

"Name," I breathed.

He sucked harder.

I squirmed beneath him.

"Name!" I demanded.

He released my nipple and his mouth came to mine.

"Deacon," he rumbled against my lips.

"Deacon," I whispered and then he was again kissing me.

My fingers still in his hair, I held him to me and kissed him back, giving him everything, taking all I could get.

I felt his hands at my jeans and I knew what that meant. I wanted what that meant. So my hands went there. Our fingers colliding, I got the button, he tore down my zipper.

Suddenly, I lost his mouth but I didn't mind (much) because my jeans and panties were being dragged down my legs. I felt them catch at my feet and gone was one boot and sock. Then the other. Finally I was naked on the table, my legs spread with big hands gripping tight at the sides of my knees, and he was down.

As in down.

On his knees on the floor, his mouth between my legs.

Feeding.

God.

Oh God.

Not feeding.

Feeding.

My back left the table. My legs spasming against his grip, he tossed them over his shoulders, cupped my ass in his hands, and pulled me deeper into his mouth.

I dug my heels in his back, my own back arching higher, as a cry escaped my lips and my climax tore through me, shredding me, destroying me.

The good way.

The way it was meant to be.

Before I was even close to coming down, Deacon was over me. I felt the tip of his cock sliding through my wet, he caught where he needed to be and thrust inside, filling me.

"Baby," I breathed, wrapping my arms tight around him, lifting my knees high, pressing my thighs to his sides as he drove into me.

"Fuck. Years," he grunted against my neck, powering deep.

Oh God.

God.

He'd waited, holding back, wanting, maybe hoping.

Just like me.

"Years," I whispered.

"Too long," he growled.

"Way too long," I agreed, gliding from the down of my climax into the up of another one as I took his cock and felt his teeth nip my earlobe.

"Beauty," he ground out.

"You fit me. Perfect."

"Tight. So wet. Fuck," he groaned, slamming inside me.

"It's building again," I told him, my voice breathy and sharp, the pleasure amping.

"Ride it, Cassie."

Cassie.

Oh man.

He was right.

This was right.

We were right.

Beauty.

I held on tight and then tighter as I lifted my head, shoved my face in his neck, and moaned my second orgasm into his skin.

He bucked hard and fast between my legs, then with a grunt that rolled into a very long groan, he joined me.

I held on coming down and then I held on tighter listening to him do it.

But as I did, panic gripped me and I tried to get a hold on it even as I fought back the desperation to take everything in. Memorize it with a clarity that meant I'd never lose the memories.

The feel of him inside me. Moving my hands to take in the sleek skin over tight muscle on his back. Drawing him in through my nostrils to memorize the scent of his hair tickling my nose.

Knowing we'd finally changed.

Knowing this meant it was over.

The little we had, the minutiae he'd give me, gone.

He was going to take this, give it, not allow either of us to have more, leave, and never come back.

He stayed buried, his face in my neck, his breath coming even, but even if it couldn't be the most comfortable position in the world for him when we weren't doing it, he didn't move.

Maybe he was memorizing too.

And he was glorious. Everything about him. Everything we'd just shared. Everything he made me feel when he told me I was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. When he told me in his own particular way how far I was under his skin. When he kissed me with a ferocity that was dizzying, touched me with desperation, gave me two orgasms on my kitchen table.

Having all that and knowing I couldn't keep it, I had to end this.

Now.

And I did that by asking softly, my voice just as afraid as I felt, my words dripping with fear and sadness.

"Now have we changed?"

A low sound tore from his throat as he shoved his face deeper into my neck and his hands pushed under me, his arms locking around me.

"Deacon?" I whispered.

"Fuck, you're killing me," he murmured into my skin.

That wasn't the response I wanted to hear.

But it was the one I knew I'd get.

I swallowed.

Deacon pulled his face out of my neck, one arm from around me, and he placed his big hand along the side of my head as he positioned a breath away.

"We've changed," he said gently.

I closed my eyes and turned my head away.

Deacon pulled out and I moved to roll to my side and get off that table and to my clothes as quickly as I could.

I got the roll to my side in before I let out a quiet cry because I was up in his arms and he was moving out of the kitchen.

"Wh-what are you doing?" I asked, lifting my head to stare at his shadowed profile.

He said nothing but came into color as he walked through the lit foyer to the stairs.

I said nothing either as he moved us up the stairs.

We entered my room and he took me right to the bed. I was jostled as he held me and threw the covers back. Then I was in bed and the covers were over me but he was leaned into me, a fist in the bed at either side, his face super-close.

"Gonna shut down the house. Be back."

He was going to shut down the house.

And then be back.

He was going to shut down the house and be back.

I didn't know what to say. I didn't want hope to bud, bloom then die an early death, turning to ash.

I didn't want him to change his mind.

So I said, "Okay."

I felt his finger whisper along my collarbone before he pushed from the bed.

So he could touch gently.

I was beside myself with glee that I had that knowledge.

Beside myself with glee.

Which meant for the first time since John Priest/Deacon Whoever showed up at my door, I was truly happy.

I knew that was wrong.

But I lay there waiting for him to come back, and try as I might, I couldn't stop it from feeling right.

Chapter Five

Down to My Bones

Pounding sounded on the door downstairs and I jerked awake, groggily feeling a hard body under me on which I was partially draped, partially falling down its side.

I lifted my cheek from warm skin and twisted my neck, my sleepy eyes finding Priest...no, Deacon's dark, tousled head resting on my pillows, his slumberous, tawny eyes aimed down to me.

At the sight of him, I forgot everything except all that involved him. What happened the night before (or early that morning). What happened when he came back to my room, took off his clothes, got in bed, gathered me in his arms, and didn't make love to me again but fell asleep like he'd held me close every night of his life for a decade. And when he fell asleep, he did it deep, like he slept the sleep of a man content he had everything he needed.

Since he did that, and likely crashing after all the drama, not to mention two orgasms, I did it too.

The angry pounding that didn't quit punctured my thoughts and I blinked.

I focused on Deacon and whispered, "That kid's parents."

At my words, instantly he wrapped both arms around me, rolled me to my back, let me go, and rolled the other way, out of bed.

I saw firm, well-rounded, unhindered-to-the-eye male ass and blinked again as a tingle shot between my legs.

Then I saw him bend and snatch up his jeans.

He did this angrily.

Oh man.

I rolled the other way but he was out the door before I made it to the closet.

I tugged on jeans (commando), a thermal henley (also commando, but up top, if that was called commando) and did this hopping, skipping, and in the end dashing out of the room, down the hall and down the stairs.

"You're lucky we haven't phoned the police," I heard an irate man's voice say and I rushed faster down the last steps to see Deacon, in his thermal from last night, his jeans on, feet bare, barring the door.

He was so big I couldn't see beyond him but I didn't need to. I knew who it was.

The threat delivered, Deacon, being Deacon no matter what you called him, unsurprisingly didn't reply.

"You put your hands on my son!" The man snapped.

I arrived at the scene on this ridiculous accusation and didn't hesitate to press into Deacon's side, shoving myself under his arm that had a hand to his hip. I was vaguely surprised when he didn't try to hold me back. But when I had my position, I straightened and saw the parents, man up front, woman staring angrily at Deacon behind him, both facing off.

"I was there," I stated as Deacon shifted but only to wrap an arm around my shoulders and press me tight to his side.

I didn't know what to do with that maneuver except think that it felt lovely. Even me being short(ish) and him being tall, standing with him like that felt amazing, like we fit together perfectly.

Unfortunately, I couldn't give myself time to enjoy that feeling.

I had to keep speaking.

"He didn't touch your son."

The man had moved his angry glare to me. "That's not what my son says."

"I would care what your son said if you raised a boy with a smidgeon of decency," I shot back. "Since you didn't, I don't."

The man reared back but the woman leaned forward. "You dare!" she hissed.

"We interrupted an attempted rape," I announced.

Both of them reared back at that.

"Yep," I stated. "They also damaged my property. I'll be charging your credit card for that. Unfortunately, there is no charge for scaring a couple of teenaged girls half to death and teaching them the hard lesson that there are extreme assholes in the world or I'd charge you for that too, give it to them, and encourage a serious shopping spree."

"You will not charge me an extra dime!" the man barked.

"I absolutely will," I snapped back.

He moved forward, aiming mostly toward me, in other words making a big mistake, doing it saying, "Don't you think-"

"Step back," Deacon growled, shifting minutely but meaningfully. The man shuddered to a halt and jerked his gaze to Deacon. "Now," he finished.

The man stepped back but did it talking. "You can't-"

Deacon interrupted him, "I can do whatever the fuck I want. You're on property that doesn't belong to you, motherfucker. Step the fuck back, calm the fuck down, and realize that you aren't dealing with fuckin' idiots."

"Your language does not need-"

Deacon cut him off. "I took pictures, moron."

The man's head jerked.

"Yeah," Deacon continued. "Photos of the mess and shots of those boys cleaning up that mess. Puke. Booze. Drugs. Smokes. The damage they caused. I did not touch one of them but they touched two girls and my woman knows where those girls are. You think, she saved them from the shit those boys were dishin' out last night, they would not back her play if she asked, you're fuckin' wrong. They know they got delivered from a world of hurt that would haunt them for the rest of their fuckin' lives, hurt your punk-ass bitch of a son was open to servin' up. You lucked out. They wanted to put it behind them and move on. You drag them into this, don't teach your son the lesson he deserves, don't pay for the damage he and his buds caused, you're a punk-ass bitch just like him."

I was stunned Deacon could use so many words all at once.

I also thought Deacon calling that kid, and his father, a "punk-ass bitch" was pretty hilarious.

"It's hardly necessary to be insulting," the man bit out.

"Man," Deacon leaned in to the guy, taking me with him, and wisely, the guy leaned back, "last night, we walked in on one of your boy's buds in the middle of trying to violate a teenage girl and you don't think it's necessary to be insulting?"

The man shook his head sharply, like he was a woman brushing her hair off her shoulders. "Obviously, I had no idea that happened."

"We just told you," Deacon returned. "You'll get a letter with an invoice but your card is gonna be charged a thousand extra dollars. Suck it up. Don't challenge the charge. And don't ever come back to Glacier Lily. You with me?"

"Like I'd ever come back to this place," the man returned snidely.

"Good you feel that way," Deacon muttered before he shifted us back and slammed the door in the man's face.

I looked up at him to tell him how awesome that was, how awesome he was, and try my luck with jumping his bones in my foyer.

I didn't get even a word out because I saw the look on Deacon's face and the words died in my throat.

That look being blank. Void. Emotionless.

We'd just had a scene with two parents. He'd spent the night with me tucked to his side in my bed. We'd had sex on my kitchen table. He'd told me how he felt about me (kind of).

And we were back to this.

Then he lifted both his hands, sliding his fingers along my jaw and cupping them in his palms, his hands so big, fingers so long, his fingertips glided into my hair, and he pressed them into my scalp.

I held my breath as I looked up into his eyes.

Eyes that were traveling over my features, still void, still emotionless, but taking me in.

I didn't move, didn't speak. I felt he was taking that time, making a decision, and I wanted him to come to the right one.

I thought he did when he murmured, "Most beautiful woman I've ever fuckin' seen."

I loved that. Flipping loved it.

But even as that feeling soared through me, I would find I was wrong.

I knew it when he let me go.

I pivoted woodenly to watch him saunter to my stairs and up them.

I stayed there, eyes glued to the stairs, unmoving so I was in the exact same place when he came back, this time wearing his boots.

That was when I knew I was right to panic last night.

I'd lost him.

He'd given me something. Something precious. Making me not feel like a stupid slut who'd let a stranger fuck her on the kitchen table then took off after getting off and he did this by spending the night with me, holding me in his arms.

But that was as much as he had to give.

Honestly?

I was surprised he had that in him.

I was grateful all the same.

That said, it didn't make me feel the slightest bit better.

He came to me and did the same thing he did earlier, except just one hand was cupped to my jaw, fingertips pressed into my scalp.

I took his touch, wanting more, much, much more, and I stared up at him knowing I'd already got more than Deacon was able to give. I did it also knowing no way he'd let me be greedy.

It was my turn to let my eyes travel over his features. Take in his male beauty. Memorize it. Do it knowing that as crazy as it sounded, I'd never forget him. For reasons I didn't know and would never have the opportunity to understand, there would always be a part of me that would long for him. There would always be thoughts in the back of my mind plaguing me, haunting me, making me wonder, if he let me in, even just a little, how it could have been.

I stopped thinking these thoughts when the pad of his thumb whispered across my lips.

That was when the tears pricked my eyes.

Because I knew that was when he was going to let me go.

For always.

No check ins. No Suburban at cabin eleven.

No John Priest.

No man called Deacon.

I was right this time.

Without a word, his hand dropped from me, he turned, and walked right out the door.

* * * * *

Late that morning, after I'd made the rounds with the renters who were still in their cabins to apologize for the noise that night, Milagros and I stood in cabin six with the windows and doors open.

We surveyed the space.

"I'll take the throw blanket with the sheets to clean," I muttered.

"I'll need to shampoo the sofa as well as the rugs to get out that smell," she muttered back.

She would. The stench was lingering. We could air that cabin out for a year and it'd still smell like puke, pot, smokes, and beer.

"I'll look on Craig's List but maybe this weekend you might wanna go with me to that antique place in Chantelle to look for a new coffee table?" I asked and looked to her at my side.

She was an inch shorter than me. She had seven years on me. And it was arguable (me arguing that she did, her arguing that she didn't) that she had better hair than me.

She looked to me. "Manuel can sand that down and refinish it."

I moved my gaze to the coffee table. I liked that coffee table. In fact, I'd found it at the antique place in Chantelle and thanked my lucky stars, it was so cool, in such good nick, and so cheap.

Not to mention, Manuel wouldn't charge me a thousand dollars to refinish it so I could pocket the rest and that wouldn't suck.

I looked back to Milagros. "That'd be awesome."

She grinned and replied, "I'll ask him to come after work and get it tonight. But it might take him past the weekend to get it back to you."

That worked for me and I told her so. "That's okay. This cabin is booked next week but if he's not finished with it, I'll bring down my coffee table from the house to act as a stand in."

She nodded and grinned at me.

I gave her a mini-grin (which was all I had in me after the events of last night and this morning) and moved to the pile of sheets on the couch that we'd pulled off the beds. The comforters and shams were in another pile. I'd come back later to get them in order to launder them with a shed load of fabric softener in hopes of obliterating the smoke smell.

She was headed for the carpet shampooing machine while I headed to the door, saying, "Come by the house for a cup before you go."

"Cassidy?" she called as response.

I stopped at the door and looked at her to see her gaze was on me, kind but assessing.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

Milagros. The mother of five children, the loving wife of a good man, both meaning she could read people easily.

And she read me because I wasn't. I'd had my heart broken by a stranger. I didn't know how that happened. I just knew that it did.

I actually didn't know how I was moving, standing, and breathing instead of lying in bed sobbing.

But since I was, I was going with it.

I could fall apart tonight, when I was alone in my bed (again) and nothing needed to get done until tomorrow.

"I'm just tired," I answered, luckily with the truth. Just not all of it. "There was a lot of drama last night and I didn't get much sleep."

She nodded then told me, "Manuel worries, you being here alone."

He, apparently, wasn't the only one and that didn't just include John Priest/Deacon Whoever, but by the look on her face, Milagros.

"I've been doing this for six years, honey," I reminded her.

She let me have it all when she replied quietly, "We just worry."

"I'll be okay." I forced a grin. "I'm a tough broad."

She grinned back but I knew she wasn't committed to it, just like me.

For me, I was heartbroken.

For Milagros, she didn't like what went down last night and Manuel, being a dude with three daughters and two sons who shared during my frequent dinners at their house that he'd kicked around for a while so he knew how the world could fuck you (though he didn't use those words), would like it less.

Then she said, "You need to take a night. Manuel and I'll come; you go out with your girls."

She was right. I did need to take a night, call some friends, and plan something not Glacier Lily related.

Though, that something wouldn't have the normal girl talk that should include, say, your story about the man who somehow managed to steal into your heart over six years then he broke it in one night.

In fact, I'd never tell them about Deacon. I'd never tell anyone about Deacon. Not just because I didn't know what to say because I didn't understand why I was feeling all I was feeling, but because I knew down to my soul he wouldn't want me to breathe a word about him to anybody.

That was the last thing I had to give him, I was going to give it.

"I'll let you know," I said to Milagros.

"That'd be good," she replied.

I tucked the sheets close and gave her a small wave.

She waved back and turned to the machine.

I walked the sheets up to my shed, where there was a large industrial washer and dryer that I used to do the laundry for the cabins. I shoved the sheets in, filled the detergent and fabric softener slots to the max, squirted in the gel bleach, and set it to going.

Then I went to my house, sucking in a breath and holding it as I opened my door, eyes to the ground, sure I'd see the key to cabin eleven there.

Deacon's Suburban was gone when I'd walked down to the cabins, which meant Deacon was gone. But he wouldn't leave without giving me back my key. And if I were him, I'd avoid me doing it, as in, wait until I left the house before shoving it through the slot and disappearing forever.

My breath came out in a soft gush when I saw there was no key.

He'd told me when he'd checked in that he was going to be here for five days.

He couldn't mean to stay the whole visit after all that had gone down.

Could he?

And if he did, would that mean in a month or three or eight he'd come back and take us back to the way we were? I'd see him at check in, he'd shove his key though the slot as his way of checking out?

He'd said we'd changed.

Now I was wondering what that meant.

But I couldn't think about that. Thinking about that would drive me crazy. Or to the bourbon. Or to bed to sob myself to oblivion and I had stuff to do and comforters to clean.

I had to think of other things and luckily I ran my own business so I had a bazillion other things to think about.

I dealt with about five of those, namely checking e-mails, confirming bookings that came in, handling my calendar, dealing with a cancellation, and looking up the phone number to Vista Real Condos.

I called it and asked to be put through to Annabelle and Peyton's unit, just to see if they were okay. Reception rang me through but there was no answer.

I disconnected, deciding not to leave a voicemail and instead get in my Rover and drive there to check on them in person.

I made this decision when a knock came on the door.

I looked toward the foyer.

It couldn't be Milagros. Shampooing rugs and furniture took forever and the woman was a neat freak. Although the boys cleaned that cabin, she'd go over it again until you could eat off the floors.

Maybe it was another renter or someone who saw the sign and pulled in, thinking correctly: a night at Glacier Lily was just the thing. This didn't happen often, I mostly rented through bookings, but it happened.

I pulled myself out of the chair, walked into the foyer, and stopped dead.

This was because I could see Deacon's big body in my front door window silhouetted by the late morning sun behind him and partially obscured by my filmy curtains.

My heart pulsed hard in my chest and my mind was warring with being annoyed he was dragging this crap out (and I didn't know him but that didn't seem very...him) and being overjoyed that I'd see him one last time.

Leave it to Deacon to check out in person the only time I wouldn't want him to do just that.

I pulled myself together, walked to the door, unlocked it, opened it, and looked up into his impassive but impossibly good-looking face, wishing in that second he'd taken me on the table with the lights on so I could watch him do it.

I did all this opening my mouth to say something.

I again got nothing out.

He moved into me and I was forced to move back.

The thing was, he kept moving. He didn't stop, grunt something, and hand me my key then exit the premises immediately (this being what I imagined Deacon's form of good-bye would be).

I turned to watch him move and saw he had a brown paper bag, the top rolled over and clenched in his fist, and he was heading to my kitchen.

Stunned silent by this, I closed the door and followed him.

I stopped two feet into my kitchen to see him at the table, the table where he'd fucked me.

Seeing him standing there, the sun coming in the windows subdued by the trees around my house, and doing it like he'd done it thousands of times before, I remained stunned silent.

So did he (though without the stunned part) but he didn't do it immobile. He was unrolling the top of the bag he'd put on my table.

I watched him wondering what was going on.

Did he buy groceries?

His head turned slightly, not fully, so it was really just his eyes that slid to me.

"Cassidy. Here."

Here?

Was he summoning me?

I was too dazed by what was happening to retort. Instead, my feet moved slowly and I went there. I stopped two feet away. He was reaching into the bag.

He came out with a black can that looked like insect repellant but with a much bigger trigger.

"Pepper spray," he stated and my eyes shot to his. "Keep it somewhere out of the way but somewhere you can get to it. Shake it to make it live. Aim. Shoot. Do not do that in an enclosed space or against the wind. It will not incapacitate somebody but it will slow them down. Shoot it, get the fuck away."

I stared at him but he didn't stare at me. I heard the can hit the table and he was back to digging in the bag.

My eyes drifted down and I saw him come out with three smaller canisters that were silver with black tops. He lined them up on the table by the big black can.

"Same thing," he stated and I looked back to him. "Smaller. One for your nightstand. One for your purse. One for somewhere around the house. These expire in a year. When they do, dispose of them carefully and replace them."

"I...uh..." I stammered. "Okay."

He dipped his chin sharply to acknowledge my agreement and went back to the bag.

He came out with a box.

"Taser," he said. "Keep it charged. Keep it in easy reach but also out of the way. Two prongs will release, both will give a jolt but if only one reaches your target, it might take him down but it won't take him out. You get him, keep your finger on the trigger three seconds then drop the gun and haul ass."

I said not a word as he tossed the box to the table, went back to the bag, and came out with another box, holding it up like the last one and turning again to me.

"Stun gun. Taser won't do long range but you got range. A few feet. This is short range. By that I mean, the guy's close enough to reach. Activate it and touch it to him, again, three seconds. This will take him down. Then you go. You have a situation, you take the spray, the stun gun, the Taser, and your phone. Your phone is most important. When you slow them down or incapacitate them, you haul ass back to the house and you do it calling the police."

"Right," I whispered, not entirely clear on what was happening except for the fact Deacon really, really wanted me to be prepared should another situation happen at my cabins.

I didn't have a chance to share with him that in six years, I'd only had two and only one of them I was involved in (and I would never share with him that that didn't mean I didn't have annoying, loud, rude, or dishonest people who attempted a variety of scenarios to bamboozle me).

I didn't have this chance when he tossed the stun gun box on the table, his hand shot out and wrapped tight around mine.

I also didn't have the chance to process the feel of his big mitt wrapped around my hand, as in, how marvelous it felt. This was due to the fact I was following him out of the kitchen mostly because he was dragging me.

We went right to the study, right to my computer where he stopped us and let me go. He then shoved his hand in his pocket and pulled out a scrap piece of paper. He smoothed it out perfunctorily and tossed it on my desk as he rolled my chair out of the way and leaned over my PC.

I watched with some fascination as he pulled up my web browser and started typing.

Not surprisingly, he typed by jabbing just his two beefy forefingers on the keys.

What was surprising was that this wasn't hunt and peck. He went fast.

He hit enter and straightened.

"Called them," he declared, pointing toward the computer screen. "Closest breeder that's got a litter coming. Expected about two weeks until delivery, you gotta wait six weeks after that. They had three people who already put a deposit down but I convinced them to give you first pick. Tomorrow, we drive out there and give them what I promised in order to convince them to let you have that."

I blinked at the website that was for a breeder of German Shepherds, Deacon's words blasting through me because he said we had to drive out tomorrow to put a deposit down on a dog.

And the part of that that blasted hardest was the word we.

Okay...

What was happening?

Stiltedly, my gaze lifted to his and he continued to shock me by continuing to speak.

"Thought about a Rottie or a Doberman. Your business, you don't need a dog around that'll freak the clientele. They're great dogs, great company, but might not be good for business. Shepherds are loyal, protective, but also friendly and less threatening. So you're getting a Shepherd. Boy or girl, doesn't matter, both are strong, smart, and affectionate and both can be fierce. If you need to find someone to look after the place tomorrow, find them. The breeders are seventy-five miles away, country roads, it'll take time."

I opened my mouth and shut it.

I opened it again and shut it.

I looked down at the website, taking in a big picture on the home page of a gaggle of utterly adorable German Shepherd puppies that I wanted to scoop up and cuddle. All five of them. At the same time.

I looked back to Deacon, opened my mouth again, and asked, "What's happening?"

His brows drew together (slightly) and he stated, "I'm gettin' you a dog."

I shook my head and repeated, "What's happening?"

Something shifted across his face so fast I didn't catch it before he declared, "We've changed."

He said no more.

So I pushed, "How have we changed?"

"Don't know. Reckon we'll find out."

Was he crazy?

"You don't know? You reckon we'll just find out?"

"That's what I said."

My voice was pitching higher when I asked, "What does that mean?"

"After last night, we changed," he responded immediately. "And that change can go two ways. Either I drive away and we never see each other again or I don't and we find out what that change is gonna mean. Read down to your bones, woman, and do it now. Which way do you want that change to be?"

I clamped my mouth shut so I wouldn't blurt out which way I wanted that change to be.

That being him never driving away so I wouldn't see him again and we find out what it was going to be.

Then he again threw me when he asked suddenly, "How many men have you had?"

"What?" I breathed.

"How many men have you taken?"

I knew what he meant but I asked for clarification anyway.

"You mean lovers?"

"Yep," he confirmed indifferently.

"I...you...uh..." I stammered then got myself together. "Why are you asking?"

"Just answer."

I straightened my shoulders and asked, "How many women have you had?"

"Thirty-eight."

I blinked.

"Back at me," he ordered.

"Five," I whispered.

He nodded like he already knew the answer. "Right. Five. Just five. That means a woman like you would not spread your legs for a man like me if she didn't want the cock she was taking. By that I mean a woman like you would not spread her legs for a man like me if she didn't want to find out what bein' with that man might mean. And you spread your legs for me."

My eyes dropped to his throat as I muttered, "Actually, you kind of were the one doing the spreading."

"You didn't fight me."

I looked back at him and agreed softly, "No."

"So, down to your bones, Cassidy, which way do you want that change to be?"

I backtracked necessarily. "What do you mean by a man like you?"

"You know precisely what I mean."

Okay, I had to admit, he was right. I knew exactly what that meant.

Well, not exactly exactly but I got the gist.

I clamped my mouth shut again.

He stared down at me, expressionless, distant, and not just the three feet that separated us physically.

That didn't mean I didn't feel his intensity.

I so totally did.

My insides squeezed when his voice came at me again, not businesslike, not casual, not commanding, but quiet and full of meaning.

"You want me to leave, I'm gone."

He didn't mean gone.

He meant gone.

So that was when I blurted, "Don't. Please."

And that was when I really felt his intensity, the force of it bearing down on me, making it hard to breathe.

And his voice was still quiet and full of meaning when he asked, "We puttin' a deposit down on a dog tomorrow?"

"Yes," I stated immediately, crazily, and down to my bones I knew foolishly, hopefully, and last...inevitably.

Because I knew down to my bones that the feeling I'd been damming all morning would eventually break free and eviscerate me. Just as I knew down to my bones I couldn't bear a life of longing for him, wondering how it could have been if he gave me what he was offering right at that moment.

The chance to get in.

These thoughts were fleeting and that was good because I only had time for fleeting thoughts.

I barely finished my "yes" before his hands were at my jaw like they were earlier that morning, tipping my head back. But the change was that his mouth slammed down on mine.

I parted my lips and his tongue slid inside.

That was when a moan drifted up my throat and into his mouth as I lifted my hands and curled them into his shirt at the sides of his waist, holding on as he kissed me with a ferocity that made me dizzy.

I tried to kiss him back the same way but I wasn't sure I succeeded before he tore his mouth from mine but didn't let go. He didn't step back. He didn't retreat.

He stayed right there, my eyes opening to see his burning into me, and he kept hold of my gaze as he rested his forehead against mine.

That was sweet. Unbelievably sweet. Unbearably sweet from John Priest/Deacon Whoever, and being me, I processed it at once. I allowed myself to feel the fullness of that sweetness, that affection, that beauty he was giving to me because I knew down to my bones he didn't give it elsewhere. I knew down to my bones he didn't have it in him to give it unless it meant something. And I knew down to my bones that nothing meant anything to John Priest/Deacon Whoever.

Except me.

"Do you want lunch?" I whispered.

And instantly, he gave me more.

I watched up close as his eyes started smiling.

I'd been right all those years ago. His eyes had the power to make you feel what he was feeling. Cold to your soul. Or warm in a way you'd never again feel a chill.

And that was how I felt right then with Deacon's eyes smiling into mine.

Like I'd never feel cold again.

Like I'd feel warm and right and whole and connected and safe.

Forever.

"Yeah," he whispered back.

I pushed my forehead into his, forcing him to allow me to slide it to the side, down his cheek so I could roll up on my toes and shove my face in his neck.

He moved his hands as I did this, one going to curl around the back of my neck, the other one sifting into my hair to cup the back of my head.

I simply continued to clutch his shirt.

And standing there, holding each other like that, nonverbally, as Deacon was prone to be, we sealed a deal that elated and terrified me.

On that thought, a knock came at the door and Deacon's body tensed as my hands gripped his shirt tighter.

Now, that could be Milagros, but only if she felt like taking a break.

He didn't move his hands even as he let me tip my head back to catch his gaze.

"That might be Milagros, the lady that helps me."

If I had a guess, I would have guessed that he would nod and step away, stay in the study or absent himself in some way. Keep to the shadows even on a sunny day.

He did not do this.

In fact, he so did not do this he let me go and walked right out of the study.

I followed him and saw him going to the door.

It was then I felt him, the alertness coming off him and filling the foyer, and my eyes went from his back that was twisting, to his face that was turned to me.

"It's not your girl," he murmured and I looked quickly to the door to see it appeared there were a number of people standing out on my porch.

"Oh man," I muttered.

Deacon opened the door.

I hurried to his side and my stomach pitched when I saw who was there.

Two of the people were Annabelle and Peyton. One was a young man older than Annabelle but definitely related to her. And rounding out the lot were two adults that could be no one other than Annabelle's parents.

None of them looked happy.

"Can we help you?" Deacon asked.

"Are you Mr. Swallow?" the father asked back.

"I'm Mr. Priest. This is Ms. Swallow," Deacon answered, his head tilting to indicate me, his resuming the name Priest throwing me for a second that I didn't have a chance to process before he kept going. "Now, can we help you?"

"You were both there last night," the father stated.

I swallowed and looked to Peyton and Annabelle.

Both had red eyes like they'd been crying but they didn't look scared.

I glanced at the mom.

She looked like her world had ended.

I turned my attention to the young man.

He looked ravaged.

No one looked angry. The dad didn't seem happy, but he wasn't pissed.

What was going on?

"We were," Deacon confirmed.

The father turned to what I was guessing was his son. "Duck," he began. "Now."

The kid stepped forward, his gaze going to Deacon's.

"It was me. I was supposed to look after my sister and Peyton. We met some kids. Mom and Dad said we could hang with them. I let the girls drink. Then I met someone and I didn't look after my sister. She made her decisions but I promised I'd take care of her. I didn't." He stopped abruptly, his throat convulsing, and his voice was thick when he went on, "I'm sorry what happened to them. And I'm sorry you had to do what you had to do last night. But I'm glad you were around to do it."

Whoa.

That wasn't what I expected.

It was a whole lot better.

"It's our fault, Jayden," Annabelle called out meekly. "We shouldn't have gone with them and not told you where we were going."

The boy turned to her. "Was supposed to look out for you, Belly."

I sucked in my lips because that was sweet.

"We're here on vacation," the dad stated and I looked to him. "The kids have their own unit, we have ours. My son is in college and has demonstrated a certain level of maturity so we trusted them to that and their own vehicle so they could do their thing. We thought they were old enough to have some fun without their mom and dad hanging around. We also trusted Jayden to look after his sister. He didn't. My suspicion is, if he gets the chance again, he will. But we wanted you to know Annabelle shared with her mother what happened last night. We've talked with Annabelle and Peyton. We've talked with Jayden. And now we wanted to come to apologize for you having to get involved and to express our gratitude that you did."

I opened my mouth to say something, ask them in for a coffee, but Deacon got there before me.

"Don't ever do that again." At his firm tone, a tone so firm it was granite, my eyes shot to him to see his gaze locked on Jayden. "Your sister, her friends, your mother, the woman you're gonna claim, nothin's more important. Not one thing. You know that now. Don't ever forget it."

My heart was beating funny as I tore my gaze from Deacon and watched the boy shake his head and swallow before saying, "I won't."

I looked back at Deacon to see him jerk his chin to the kid.

That was when I jumped in.

"Do you all wanna come in for a drink or something?"

"I think we've had our share of your kindness, Ms. Swallow," the mother replied.

"If there's any damage done, we're willing to pay," the father put in.

I shook my head. "Not necessary. The renters have been charged for the damage."

The man nodded his head jerkily. He was upset about what happened and disappointed in his children.

And I suspected he wanted to move on.

"We appreciate you coming," I said in order to let them know they were off the hook.

"And we appreciate you being responsible for our girls when we were not," the man declared curtly and I knew he was also kicking himself, which made me feel sad for him but happy that Annabelle had a father that seemed a lot like mine.

"It's done now and all's well," I said quietly.

I got another jerky head nod from the dad then he used his head to indicate to the others they needed to move out.

The mom smiled at Deacon but stopped at me, looked in my eyes, communicating everything that needed to be said (and there was a lot) as she took my hand and gave it a squeeze before she moved away.

The boy avoided my eyes as he nodded my way but gave Deacon a handshake.

Both girls stopped and gave me a hug, Annabelle whispering in my ear, "You're cool, Cassidy. And we want you to know we're cool. Thanks to you," before she let me go quickly, didn't let me say anything, and hurried to the SUV.

The father shook Deacon's hand and gave me a chin dip before he walked stiffly to his truck.

We watched them do this before Deacon pulled me gently out of the door and closed it.

I looked up at him, striking a trip to Vista Real off my to-do list and glad for it. Not because it wasn't exactly close, but because I could feel settled that those two girls were being looked after.

So, with my afternoon (kind of) free, when I caught his eyes, I asked, "Do you like turkey?"

He stared down at me, blank, giving me nothing.

For only a beat.

Then he gave me everything.

He did this by slowly, amazingly, magnificently smiling. His gorgeous lips turning up, deep grooves pressing into the sides of his mouth and radiating out the sides of his glorious, spiky-lashed, tawny eyes.

Taking that in, I was blinded by the beauty. But I didn't care.

Not even a little bit.

It was insane, foolish, but I knew down to my bones I would have been happy if the last vision I had before all went dark was Deacon Whoever smiling at me.

Chapter Six

That's Where It's At

Eyes locked to mine, Deacon moved inside me, slow, sweet, gentle stroking.

Making love to me.

Amazing.

He pulled out, shifted his hips, glided back in and that felt so good, my lips parted.

He watched them part and made a low noise. I felt it rumble through his chest even as I heard it and I knew he saw my reaction.

And liked it.

And I liked that.

He pulled out, shifted his hips, and stroked in.

My nails curled into the skin of his back.

He dropped his lips to mine.

Then he kept at me, stroking slow and sweet, his eyes to mine, making love to me silently, beautifully. The way he did it, I didn't need words, just his eyes, his body, our connection.

His hand slid from my hip, up, in between us, and curled around my breast where he rolled his thumb slow and tender at my nipple.

Yes, his hands could be gentle. And yes, again I was beside myself with glee (this time, another variety).

I wrapped my legs around his ass and whispered, "Faster, Deacon."

He went faster but no less gentle. No less sweet.

I roamed his back with my hands, held him tight with my legs, and tipped up my hips to get more of him, gently panting against his lips.

He went faster.

"Yes," I breathed, clutching him harder with my legs, one hand gliding up his back and into his hair.

He slid his tongue out and tasted my lips.

I tried to capture it in my mouth but he took it away.

"Deacon." His name came out as a plea.

He made no reply. Just brushed my nose with his before he buried his face in my neck and went faster, harder, driving deep, his breathing going uneven, the sound and feel of it further tipping my excitement, thrilling through me.

I'd loved what he'd been giving me before but I needed what he was giving me now. So much, I turned my head and my gentle pants became ragged breaths rasping against the skin of his neck. My hand stopped roaming so I could curve my arm around him and hold on as my fingers in his hair fisted, holding him to me.

His hand suddenly left my breast, smoothing down my skin, and then his thumb was at my clit as he started thrusting harder, faster, the power taking me with it, the bed shuddering beneath us.

He lifted his head and I saw what I'd missed last night. Not blank. No mask. He was giving it all to me. His face dark, his eyes heated, his focus entirely on me, what he was taking, what he was giving, what I was giving, how he felt about it, all written in his expression.

"Fuck, I'm fuckin' beauty," he growled.

Oh God, I liked that.

"Deacon."

He rammed in, stayed in, and ground in as his thumb at my clit put on pressure.

So freaking amazing.

"Buried inside beauty," he grunted.

"Baby."

I got the word out then he took my mouth in a rough, wet kiss and I took his cock driving fast, hard, and deep.

He gave it to me before he took it, and he might have taken it hard, but what he gave me was sweet.

After we came down he astonished me by nuzzling me, stroking me.

Loving me.

Deacon. This new man I'd known for years was nuzzling me. Stroking me.

Loving me.

I had no choice but to return the favor.

It wasn't a hardship.

It was early evening. I'd made Deacon and I a sandwich, and after we'd eaten them, while he moved his stuff from cabin eleven to my place at my request, I went down to cabin six to get the comforters and tell Milagros cabin eleven needed cleaned and that I needed her to stop by and check in on things tomorrow while I was away for a few hours. I also told her I had something going so I couldn't have a cup of coffee with her when she was done.

I didn't tell her about Deacon. Mostly because there wasn't yet anything to say. But also because I didn't know if I'd ever be able to tell her about Deacon.

I had to admit, this troubled me, but not enough to deter me from the choice I'd made.

We were changed. That was all I needed.

For now.

We'd find out how it was going to go.

Luckily, I often had something going so Milagros didn't blink that I couldn't have a cup of coffee. She also didn't mind popping by tomorrow to make sure all was well at Glacier Lily while Deacon and I went to put a deposit down on a puppy.

I dealt with the laundry and when I got back, Deacon told me he had something to deal with. He didn't tell me what. He also didn't tell me that whatever it was required his complete attention, as in, his presence. I found that out after he cupped my jaw and told me he had something to deal with and then he walked out of my house.

He came back for dinner, something I had ready in hopes he'd be back.

We ate it with not a lot of muss and fuss, time taken, or conversation.

He helped me do the dishes just like he had at Christmas (this being surprising, then and now, but I'd had a lot of surprises that day so I rolled with it).

Then he took my hand again and led me upstairs.

Which brought me to now, lying naked in my bed with a naked Deacon on top of me, still inside me, nuzzling me and stroking me after sex.

He was mellow. I was mellow. The decision was made by the both of us.

We were beginning.

Thus I decided it was time to take a chance.

So I asked, "How old are you?"

"Thirty-eight."

His answer seared through me in a happy way, getting it and the ease with which in came.

He lifted his head and looked down at me. "You?"

"Thirty."

He grinned.

I saw it and stilled.

Completely.

Taking in his magnificence, I wondered how I ever could have been frightened of this man.

"Just a baby," he said softly.

"No, I'm not," I disagreed.

"Yeah, you are," he disagreed with me.

"You're barely older than me."

He lifted a hand, framed the side of my face, and started stroking my cheekbone with his thumb, but he made no reply.

I slid a hand up his chest, encountering dips and swells, firm and supple, and the tickle of the sprinkling of dark hair along his pectorals that was scattered to perfection.

"What's your last name?" I asked quietly.

"Deacon."

I tipped my head to the side. "What's your first?"

"Deacon."

I stared. "Your parents named you Deacon Deacon?"

That got me the gift of another grin but this one didn't reach his eyes.

"No, Cassidy. Was a man. Not that man anymore. Now I'm just Deacon."

That didn't make sense, or not any good sense.

Just bad.

"Did your parents give you the name Deacon one way or another?"

"Yes."

"So that's you."

"Yep."

"And always has been, in a way," I pressed and he dipped his face closer to mine.

"No, baby. The man I am is not the man I was."

This confused me.

"I don't get it."

He didn't give it to me. His thumb swept to my mouth and he glided it across my lower lip then he pulled out but rolled, taking us both to a new position, him on his back, me on top.

It seemed he was going to say something but before he did, he gathered my hair away from either side of my face and I watched, my insides melting, as he lost track of what he was doing when he became fascinated with my hair, looking at it, feeling it.

I knew by the way he did it that he'd wanted that. He'd wanted this.

He'd wanted me.

For a long, long time.

That made me happy. Happy enough not to push about his name and instead give him his moment with my hair and make it a long one.

Then I decided to take my own moment and I slid a hand up his chest to his neck so I could glide the tips of my fingers along his jaw, letting the stubble scrape my skin.

I watched my hand then I slid my eyes to his to see him watching me.

"I still can't believe you're here," I whispered.

He didn't reply but this time he didn't have to. The warmth in his eyes that warmed me said all he needed to say.

"Are you gonna stay?" I asked.

"For two more days."

This did not make me happy.

My eyes went to the pillow by his head and I stopped stroking his jaw.

My hair was released, falling down, curtaining our faces, and this happened so Deacon could wrap his arms around me.

I looked again to him.

"I'll be back," he said quietly.

"When?"

"Got a job. I do the job, I'll be back."

My eyes drifted away again but came back when one of his arms gave me a squeeze and his other hand moved up and again pulled one side of my hair away from my face.

Then he kept talking.

"Not in three months, not in eight. When the job is done. Could be a few days, a few weeks, maybe a month. But when it's done, I'll be back."

That was better news so I gave him a small smile.

His arm around me shifted down so he could trace random patterns on the skin just above my hip.

That felt heavenly.

Even so, inside, I felt weird.

Right and wrong. Comfortable. Sated.

And awkward.

"I don't know what I can ask," I blurted. "What to say. What to do."

He bunched my hair at the back of my neck. "Do you know what to feel?"

"Yes," I whispered.

"Go with that, Cassie."

Cassie.

My family called me that, some friends back home. I liked it.

It felt disloyal but I never liked it more than the two times it came from Deacon.

Yes, I absolutely knew what to feel.

"You don't seem to feel weird about what's happening," I observed.

"I'm not 'cause I'm not takin' the risk. You are."

"Are you a risk?" I asked cautiously.

His eyes gentled and his hand splayed flat on my hip as he chided softly, "Baby, you gotta quit askin' questions you know the answer to."

Baby.

I didn't like that better than Cassie, but it worked.

Without a word, he rolled me to my back, over me, and let me go before he rolled out of bed on the side closest to the bathroom.

I pulled the sheet over me as I watched him go, but, to give him privacy, I stopped watching when he went in and I could see him because he didn't close the door.

He was getting rid of the condom he'd slid on before coming inside, something he hadn't slid on last night.

I was on the Pill, so that was not a concern.

Him having thirty-eight women was.

I heard the toilet flush, the tap go on and off, and not long later, he was back to me. On his side, elbow in the pillow, head in hand, he ran his other hand down my body, taking the sheet with him, his eyes watching it go, exposing me.

I felt his gaze like a touch on my skin, something I enjoyed immensely. But as much as I liked it and was glad we had a light on and I could see all of him (and there was a lot, and all of it was as beautiful as the promise that it would be), I wasn't all that fired up with him seeing all of me when he didn't have me panting.

Therefore, I rolled into him, pressing close, wrapping an arm around him, and nuzzling my face in his chest.

He trailed a hand down my back and again started tracing random patterns, but this time on the skin of my ass.

That felt better, enough that I shivered.

"Great ass," he muttered like he was talking to himself. "Six years, saw it covered in shorts, jeans. Like it best like this."

He was a guy. He would.

Then again, I was a girl and I shared this sentiment about him.

"Ditto with you," I told his chest.

He fell to his back so he could wrap his arms around me, pull me up his chest, and get my eyes.

His were smiling.

And again, all was right in the world.

"Six years, never saw you smile," I told him.

It was the wrong thing to say seeing as the smile died.

"Deacon?"

"Not easy, fightin' your pull. Wantin' to be right here. Knowin' I was no good for you. Prayin' you'd get a man so when I'd come back I'd have a reason to stay away."

His words, words I liked at the same time not so much, made me slide a hand up his chest, his neck, and partly into his overlong hair where I played with the ends.

"Do you smile when you're not here?"

"No."

I knew it. I'd sensed it the moment I'd laid eyes on him. But the weight of that as a reality settled on me, making my head dip closer to his like I couldn't hold it up anymore.

"So out there, you're not happy?" I asked.

"No, Cassie."

I held his eyes.

"Ever?" I pressed.

He didn't reply but he didn't need to. The look in his eyes wasn't bleak but there was a ghost of that he let me see.

So I asked the big question. "Are you gonna let me make you happy?"

His hand came to the side of my face as his arm pulled me back down his chest in order that he could tuck my cheek to the base of his throat. He left his hand there when he got me there.

But he did all this again not answering me.

I didn't know if this was to avoid nonverbal communication, to hide.

But it was important so I couldn't let it slide.

"You didn't answer me," I stated, my question aimed at his shoulder.

"Woman, you're naked on top of me in your bed. I just had you in this bed. This meaning I am not in cabin eleven. A place for six years that was a torture chamber but I kept comin' back because I couldn't stay away. Now, tell me, how're you gonna make me happy when you already accomplished that feat?"

God.

He just gave that to me. Straight up, right out in the open, he gave me that beauty.

I closed my eyes and snuggled deeper, asking, "Okay, are you gonna let me make you more happy?"

"You wanna take on that challenge, not me gonna stop you."

I opened my eyes and grinned.

He started playing with my hair right behind my ear. That felt nice too, sending a thrill from my ear over my scalp.

I would have preferred to just lie there, held close, letting Deacon thrill me with barely a touch, but I drew in a big breath and decided to get the ground rules out of the way.

"You're John Priest when you're here but not in this house." It was a statement that was also a guess.

His fingers stopped playing and wrapped around the side of my neck, his thumb stroking my jaw, and he confirmed, "I'm John Priest when I'm with you and not in this house."

"Okay," I whispered and he gave my neck a squeeze.

"You gonna be able to remember that?" he asked.

"Yeah."

His thumb stopped stroking and pressed in at the hinge of my jaw. "It's important, Cassie."

"I'll remember," I whispered, feeling the stone settle in my belly, but doing it being me.

That was, hoping one day he'd help me work it out so it didn't weigh there, dragging me down, starving me.

I decided to move on.

"You didn't use a condom last night, Deacon."

"I know, baby. Things got outta hand. You on the Pill?"

"Yeah. And I've been careful. But you've had experience so we'll have to be better about that."

"Don't worry about me ungloved. Haven't fucked anyone for seven years."

I felt my lips part and my eyes blink.

Twice.

Rapidly.

Then I whispered, "Seriously?"

"Yep," he said bluntly, like badasses confessed to the new women in their lives every day that they'd been celibate for years when I was stunned badasses could actually go for years without having sex.

I lifted my head to look at him and when I did, he tipped his chin down to catch my gaze.

"You haven't had sex in seven years?" That was uttered incredulously, as, of course, it would be.

"Fuckin' you on the table was hot but I came fast. Man gets it regular, he does not come that fast, even as hot as that was."

I didn't have that much experience but I figured this was true.

"Might not go to the doctor regularly," he continued. "But back then I knew I was clean and you can't catch that shit airborne."

That I knew was true.

"I...well, it would seem you got a lot of experience in in a short period of time," I noted.

He said nothing mostly because, with the number of partners he'd had, there was nothing to say but confirm.

"Then nothing for seven years?" I pressed.

"I think you get I fucked around a lot," he replied.

I nodded because I definitely got that.

"Searchin' for something," he went on. "Doin' that, found, if it doesn't mean anything, it doesn't mean anything. Meaningless fucks are just that and I don't do a lot that's meaningless, definitely not something important like connecting with a woman's body. Also found it's not hard to go without when going with doesn't work for me."

"But...you're a badass," I pointed out.

"And?" he prompted, brows drawing together, apparently well aware he was a badass.

"Badasses need to get them some," I explained.

"Badasses know what they want, definitely know what they need, and don't settle for anything less."

That was probably very true.

It was also a really good answer.

I slid my fingers back to play with the ends of his hair and my voice was soft when I asked, "It really doesn't work for you if it has no meaning?"

"Biologically, anything would work. Pussy is pussy," he stated baldly. "You drive your dick into it, close your eyes, you'll get off. But sex isn't about that. It shouldn't be about that for anybody. It doesn't have to be about emotion, but it has to be about something. If I don't respect the woman attached to the pussy I'm fucking, can't look in her eyes and be all about that with her, not just all about the moment I get off, it's pointless. And there's no point to doing something pointless."

He was right about that too.

"Agreed," I said quietly.

"Add emotion," he went on, his thumb now stroking my throat. "That's where it's at."

Now he couldn't be more right.

That was where it was at.

"Yes," I agreed.

His gaze locked to mine and I saw the intensity in his before he gave it to me.

"And that's where it's at with you."

The weight of that hit me, seven years, nobody, and then there was me, six years fighting it and now we were here.

And he was happy.

He wasn't roaring with laughter, teasing, playful, devil-may-care happy.

But I felt his contentment. I'd seen how he was with my hair. I knew what it meant to him to be there with me.

Now I knew it even more.

And knowing it, again, a weight hit me, and I dropped my head like I couldn't hold it up and this time did a face plant in his throat.

I felt him shift then I felt him kiss the top of my head.

"Right, Cassie, you got what you need out of me?"

I didn't answer the question because I couldn't believe he'd asked it considering the answer was no. Not by a long shot.

"For tonight, woman," he went on softly. "Got about three hours of shuteye last night. I'm wiped. Need sleep."

"Then if that's what you need, I've got what I need out of you," I replied but finished, "for tonight."

His fingers still at my neck gave me a squeeze then he rolled us, him rolling over me so he was on the other side of the bed where the light was lit, the side of the bed he'd claimed last night.

He reached out and turned out the light while I reached down and yanked up the covers. When I got them up and was preparing to settle in, he did it for me, tucking me into his side where I had no choice but to rest my cheek on his chest, just like last night.

I relaxed into his warm solidness, like I did the night before. Like I hadn't done it two nights in a row but like I did it every night for decades. Feeling safe and snug and content, my body pressed to his, his arm wrapped around me.

Being Deacon, he didn't say goodnight. I was learning when he had something to say he said it but he had a variety of ways of communicating and they didn't just come from his mouth. They included his eyes, his expressions, and his actions.

I was also learning that worked for me.

Thus, Deacon feeling his goodnight was shared by turning out the light and curling me into him, through my cheek over his heart, my hand resting on his chest, I felt his breath evening out and I knew, just like last night, he was gliding easily into sleep.

So I said what I had to say. What he had to know. What he had to carry with him all the time, when he was here and when he was away from me.

I said what I needed to give him in order to take up the challenge of making him even happier.

"I'm glad I didn't have a man, honey."

I knew he hadn't drifted into sleep because when I whispered those words, his body tensed against mine, his hand resting on my waist curled in, fingers digging into my flesh just short of painfully.

He held this several beats before he relaxed, his arm gave me a slight but short squeeze, and within moments, his breaths steadied.

And there it was again.

I was right.

Deacon could communicate everything without saying a word.

And that worked for me.

Chapter Seven

That's Why

My eyes opened and I saw skin. Sleek olive skin covering defined muscle.

Deacon.

More precisely, Deacon's back.

I was on my side, Deacon was on his, and I was tucked tight to his back.

Seeing what I saw, smelling nothing but the scent that was pure Deacon, having him there, morning two, after denying that I wanted him for what felt like eternity, I immediately got wet with wanting more of him.

Unfortunately, at the same time I remembered that he'd said the night before that he was wiped.

I was an early riser and didn't even have to look at the clock, just note that dawn was barely touching the sky, and even though we went to bed way early, it was also now way early.

So, as much as I wanted to put my hands on him, wake him up, coax him into making love to me, I needed to let him sleep.

Therefore, carefully, I rolled away from him, cautiously moving the covers so I wouldn't disturb him too much or give him a shot of cold as I got out of bed.

I didn't make it.

Deacon rolled too, and his arm came out, hooking me around my belly and hauling me back into his frame.

"Where you goin'?" he growled sleepily into the back of my hair.

"Letting you sleep, old man," I replied, hoping he'd get that with the last part, I was teasing.

He got it.

I knew with his unoffended response of, "Don't need sleep."

He also communicated what he did need, doing it by pressing his hips into my ass and I felt that at least one part of him was very awake.

"You got shit to do?" he asked, shoving his other hand under me as the arm already around me shifted, his hand trailing up my belly.

I always had shit to do, but truthfully, once I got the cabins the way I wanted them, outside of check out cleaning, since I didn't provide daily maid service, managing eleven rental cabins wasn't that taxing.

"Not really," I answered.

"Good," he muttered as his hands made it to their destinations, one curling around my breast, the other one cupping me between my legs.

I liked that. I liked the smell of him. I liked his heat. I liked that he was there with me. I liked all that so much, I pressed my hips back into his.

His hand between my legs pushed deeper, his fingers slipping through the wet folds, and my lips parted on a soft breath as my hips jerked slightly.

"Fuck. Ready," he growled and kept doing it. "You good with ungloved?"

I was good with anything he wanted to do to me.

I didn't say that.

I said, "Yes, baby."

His finger and thumb at my breast rolled my nipple as I felt his body shift, position. I knew what he was doing, I liked what he was doing, all of it, so I tilted my hips to give him what he needed.

His cock slid through my wet, the tip caught, and he thrust in, fast, hard, deep, filling me.

My head went back and I moaned.

He pulled hard at my nipple then his hand slid up to my throat.

"Gonna take me hard, Cassie," he warned.

I'd take him hard.

I'd take anything he wanted to give to me.

"Okay," I breathed.

"Okay," he whispered, then he buried his face in the back of my hair and did what he said he was going to do.

Fingering my clit, his other hand curled light at my throat, he fucked me hard, pounding deep, holding me steady to take him as I pushed my hips into his to get more, panted, whimpered, and finally tensed. My hands flying to his wrists to wrap around, I moaned long and brokenly as the heady release burned through me.

It was only then he lifted his head and buried his face in my neck, his hand between my legs becoming an arm wrapped tight around my belly. His hand at my throat shifting to become an arm across my chest, fingers curled into my shoulder. And he held me snug as I took him even harder. Coming down but still glorying in the velvet brutality, thrilling at every grunt that exploded against my skin.

And I did this until he sunk his teeth in my neck before he drove his cock deep inside me and groaned his climax into my flesh.

He couldn't have come down, not even begun to recover before his voice came at me, rough and thick.

"Here," he said, pulling his face out of my neck.

I didn't know what that meant since I was already seriously here.

I turned my head to ask and unintentionally gave him what he wanted.

He took my mouth, the kiss long, languid, wet, and sweet.

He ended it by letting go of my mouth at the same time he pushed his hips into mine one last time, reminding me of our connection, which meant it ended on a whimper from me.

As my eyes opened slowly, I noticed he didn't move very far away.

And the instant he got my gaze, he said quietly, "Mornin', Cassie."

Mornin', indeed.

"Good morning, Deacon."

He grinned at me.

And yes.

It was a good morning.

Indeed.

* * * * *

"The Mexican Jumping Bean?"

I turned my head to the left at Deacon's question.

We were up, showered, had toast, and got dressed and out to load up in his truck and hit the road to put money down on a puppy.

It took me a while to process being in Deacon's mud-caked Suburban, a vehicle I'd seen for six years (well, not this particular one, but still) and there I was...in it.

With Deacon.

This awesomeness took its time to move through me and only subsided when we were nearly through town and the sign for my favorite coffee shop caught my eye. Therefore, I asked Deacon to swing in (okay, I didn't ask, I bounced in my seat excitedly, and considering I figured he was not a man who did fancy coffee, I begged).

I didn't have to beg. He didn't hesitate to swing in. He parked in front and was now looking through the windshield, reading the sign while I undid my seatbelt.

"It's owned and run by a family of third-generation Mexican Americans," I shared and his head turned to me. "Obviously," I went on, since that was in the name, kind of, without the third generation part and adding the jumping bean. "They have normal coffee. And fancy coffee. And Mexican coffee, which has cinnamon in it and," I leaned into him, "it's divine."

He looked into my eyes, then to my lips, his lips quirked and he moved to undo his seatbelt.

I watched him do this, thrown, because apparently he felt he had to go with me, then I darted my hand out and curled it around his wrist.

He looked back at me.

"You don't have to go in," I told him. "I'll get the coffees and come out."

His eyes moved over my face, his expression not giving anything away, until suddenly his wrist twisted, disengaging mine but only so he could catch my hand, lift it, and jerk it. He did this hard enough to bring me closer to him, not hard enough to cause any pain.

When I was leaning across the cab, he leaned in to me.

"I'd never do anything to harm you and I'd never do anything to put you in danger," he declared.

In the face of going to get coffee before a road trip, that was suddenly and surprisingly heavy.

If welcome.

"Okay," I agreed.

He continued, "The only lie you live is calling me Priest. That's already asking too much. I won't ask more. That means you don't hide me. You don't protect me. You want it, we find our way to it, I'm your man. In your life. When I'm here, I'm at your side. Not secret. But that's your call. You don't want me walkin' in there with you, I sit in the truck. You wanna work toward us findin' a way for me to be a part of your life, I go in with you."

"I want you to go in with me," I replied immediately and just as immediately he released my hand.

But he did it so his could flash out, fingertips grazing my jaw as they moved back into my hair. He curled them in, putting pressure on, pulling me to him as he bent to me, and when he got me where he wanted me, he kissed me dizzy.

I started blinking when he released my mouth, expending effort to focus on him as I tried to get over the kiss and more, what he'd said through it.

"Then let's get my Cassie a coffee," he muttered, letting me go, and turning to his door.

My Cassie.

Seriously, I was wondering who'd actually taken up the challenge.

Because it might not be big and grand, full of words, flowers, orchestras playing, fairy dust filtering through the air, but he found his quiet but spectacular ways to make me more and more happy. He did it repeatedly. And he did it successfully.

Which meant I had to step up my game.

* * * * *

I was halfway through my huge-ass, awesome, Mexican cinnamon coffee and we were a quarter of the (silent, so far) way to our destination when it hit me.

Last night, I'd prodded gently.

And if Deacon didn't want to answer, he didn't. He didn't do it mean. He didn't shut me down (well, not in an overt way). He didn't get angry.

He just didn't answer.

So I turned to him and stated, "Right, Deacon Deacon, tell me something."

At my Deacon Deacon, I saw the grooves form at the side of his mouth, his eyes crinkling, and this heartened me.

When I was done speaking, he invited, "Shoot."

"I'm taking it the license you gave me was fake."

"Yup," he answered easily.

"Is it your only one?" I asked.

"Nope. Got eight."

I stared but I did it with my lips moving.

"Eight?"

"Yup."

Interesting.

I took a sip of coffee, experienced its goodness, and went on.

"Where's home?"

"Home?"

"Home. Your house. Where you go when you're not working."

"Where I went when I wasn't working was cabin eleven, Glacier Lily."

I felt my body go still.

Whoa.

That couldn't be.

"Really?" I asked.

He glanced at me and back at the road. "Yup."

"I...you..." I shook my head. "You come to the cabin pretty infrequently."

"That would be 'cause I work a lot, Cassidy."

I faced forward but sat back in my seat, trying to process this information.

It was impossible to process that information so I changed topics.

"Can you tell me the difference between Deacon and John Priest?"

There was a moment's pause before he replied, "Handful of people know me as Deacon."

He said no more so I looked to him and used the word, "Okay," as a prompt.

He again glanced at me then back to the road before he went on.

"Every one of them I trust with my life. Every one of them I'd trust with your life." He paused before he asked, "Do you get that, Cassidy?"

I got it. I liked it. Even if it was slightly scary, it was also kind of sweet.

"Yes," I answered.

He said nothing further but I decided it was time to get down to it.

That said, I didn't particularly want to get down to it, but it was time.

So I asked (though I did it cautiously), "Are you a criminal?"

He didn't hesitate with his answer.

"I don't pay taxes."

I felt my head give a slight jerk at this informatively uninformative (but still scary) response.

"Sorry?"

"I have work. I make money. I get paid in cash. And the government does not know I exist."

Yep. I didn't want to get down to it.

Still, we were here and he was answering so I kept at it.

"And is what you do for cash illegal?"

He kept his eyes to the road even as he reached for his coffee. I watched him take a sip, return it to the cup holder, and then he again spoke.

This time his tone was gentle even if the words were not.

"I'll tell you this, if you knew from start to now about what I do, how it began, why I do it, and you had a problem with it, I'd think straight up you're a judgmental bitch. Then I'd walk out the door and you'd never see me again."

At that, I did a slow blink.

But he wasn't finished.

"I'm good at what I do. There's a reason I do it. I believe in that reason. But that doesn't mean I'm not a part of a world that will never-if I become a part of your life in a way that's lasting, it's important you hear this, woman-it will not ever touch you."

"I'm not sure any of that makes sense," I said softly, saying that instead of saying that he was speaking but he wasn't really giving me anything.

"It does to me and that's all you need to know."

That was not gentle, but firm and unyielding.

In other words, he didn't intend to give me anything.

"That's the part that makes the least sense," I returned, still talking quietly.

"That's the part where you have to take a leap of faith with this, believe in what you felt when you made your choice yesterday, that bein' believin' in me."

"I barely know you," I pointed out.

"You barely knew me and you brought me pie," he returned.

I sucked in a sharp breath.

Again with the pie.

Man, seriously. It sucked that he knew the significance of that pie.

"You barely knew me and you got naked on that table for me," he kept going.

I looked back through the windshield, and before taking another sip, muttered, "You've made your point, Deacon."

"Not sure I have."

Now he was talking quietly, his tone so changed, my gaze went back to him.

He must have felt my eyes because he kept going.

"All of this is your choice."

"I know it is," I replied.

"Any time, you can go back on that choice."

I sucked my lips between my teeth, not liking that idea and finding that I kind of wanted Deacon to go back to nonverbal communication.

Or silence.

"You change your mind," he carried on, "I won't like it, but I'll submit to it."

"That feels sweet at the same time not so much," I admitted.

"Yeah," he muttered to the windshield, again speaking like he was talking to himself. "Your world, a man gets hold of you, he's a fool, he lets go."

His words made me pull in a soft breath.

He looked to me and finished, "I don't live in your world." Then his eyes went back to the road.

I knew this but having it confirmed, waking up tucked to his back, being in his Suburban, it hit me with a clarity it never had before because I'd accepted him in my life. A man who existed most of his time in a world I'd never share, and I had a feeling I wouldn't want to, but even if I did, he wouldn't let me (which made me know I was right about that feeling).

And that clarity was what that would mean to me, not just right then, but if it happened that he became a bigger part of my life, my world, like he'd mentioned frequently.

If he became my man.

If, when he was with me, he was at my side.

If he met my friends. My family.

If the time came where life needed to be lived.

Commitment.

Babies.

This made me ask, "Forever and ever?"

"No, baby," he said instantly, his hand moving to curl around my thigh, a gesture of affection and connection that he was spare in giving when we were not in bed, making each one he gave more meaningful. But at that moment I was glad he gave it because it was what I really needed. "You do not live in that world forever. You find your way in it while that way is healthy and then you get the fuck out."

That made me feel better.

"So, when-?"

"I don't know," he cut me off to answer my unasked question. "I just know for the first time in ten years, I got an incentive to find the door outta that world and use it."

There was a lot there even when there weren't that many words.

Most of it was good, that part being it was clear I was his incentive.

The ten years, though, that was intriguing.

"Bein' in that world, Cassie," he went on, "you gotta know, even when I find that door, in some ways, it'll always be with me."

"It's with you now," I noted. "And I'm with you now knowing it. So why would I care if it stays with you?"

His fingers squeezed hard at my thigh but he didn't say anything.

Back to nonverbal communication.

I drew in a breath and released it.

Then I asked, "Ten years?"

His hand left my thigh and went to his coffee. He took a sip, put it back in the holder, and put his hand back to the wheel.

Okay, that one he wasn't going to answer.

I looked to the road and took my own sip of coffee.

No music, no words, we sat there in silence. I didn't know what he was thinking. I was wondering if I was crazy at the same time knowing I totally was and not caring even a little bit.

This, of course, making me crazier.

"Magnificent."

Deacon said this on a mutter, breaking the silence.

I looked at him again. "Sorry?"

"The way you laid it out for that punk-ass bitch before you stomped outta that cabin. Fuck, so goddamned magnificent, if I wasn't fightin' the urge to rip five teenage fuckwads' throats out, I would have clapped. "

I grinned at him, feeling the heaviness in the air dissipate and going with that flow.

"That was good, wasn't it?"

"Nope," he disagreed. "It was magnificent."

I kept grinning but did it at the windshield. "I find it amusing that you call them punk-ass bitches. Not to mention apropos."

"Apropos?"

"Fitting," I explained.

"Know what it means, woman, just don't know a single person who would use it."

"I'm full of surprises."

There was a slender thread of humor in his voice when he muttered, "Look forward to that."

I liked that thread of humor. Even slender, I didn't care. It was there. And I gave it to him.

"That's why," he stated confusingly and I looked to him again.

"What?"

"That and your eyes."

I didn't say anything, just watched him drive.

He said something. "And your Christmas kiss."

Oh my God.

My Christmas kiss. He remembered my Christmas kiss.

"Deacon," I whispered.

"And a hundred other things," he stated.

I went silent again.

He kept talking.

"That's why I'm bein' a dick. Why I didn't leave you on that table and walk out, like I should. Why I kept comin' back when I knew I shouldn't, every time courtin' my control slippin' so I'd be in the place where things got outta hand and I got your back on that table. Why cabin eleven was home to me for a few days every year, the only home I had, 'cause you were there."

"You're gonna make me cry," I warned on a whisper, my voice already clogged with tears, feeling that emotion at the same time being annoyed that he was again doing way better at making me more and more happy.

He didn't look at me.

He said to the road, "You gotta know." He reached to his cup, took a sip, and finished on a murmur, "Now you know."

"Now I know," I replied, still whispering.

He finally fell silent.

I put my coffee in my cup holder, undid my seatbelt, and leaned across the cab where I kissed the hinge of his jaw then said in his ear, "Thank you for telling me."

"Gotta know something else, Cassie," he told the road.

I dropped my forehead to his shoulder. "What?"

"Anything. You want it, I got it in me to give it to you, you got anything from me."

My hand darted to his thigh and curled tight as tears pricked my eyes.

"Now, baby, sit back and belt up, yeah?" he ordered gently.

"Yeah," I said to his shoulder, shifted to touch my mouth to his neck, then I sat back and belted up.

I looked to the road.

Deacon drove.

Silently.

* * * * *

"So badasses play footsie," I noted, my ass on the pad in my sanded and repainted Adirondack chair, my stocking feet up on the railing, tangled with Deacon's.

"Yup," Deacon replied nonchalantly and I looked his way to see his gaze to the trees, his hand wrapped around a glass of my good Kentucky bourbon, his profile soft and at peace.

I liked that look so I kept teasing.

"And they melt when confronted with a pregnant German Shepherd."

He'd done just that. Badass one-name Deacon melted right before my eyes. I watched and did it almost having an orgasm, at the same time wondering if you could fall in love in an instant.

He took a sip of his bourbon before he replied, "Man's no man at all, he doesn't like dogs."

I started giggling.

He looked to me. "Disagree?"

I stopped giggling and replied, "I think people can like what they wanna like. Though, I don't really understand not being a dog person. Or a cat person. Actually, an animal person."

Deacon looked back at the trees, asking, "So why am I buyin' you a dog six years down the road?"

He'd done that too. Bought the dog for me.

Pure breed dogs were not inexpensive. Pure breed dogs with an incentive to jump the list and get first pick cost fifteen one-hundred-dollar bills.

Fifteen.

When I saw the cash, I'd wrapped a hand around Deacon's forearm and opened my mouth to protest. But the second I touched him, he tipped his chin down at me and gave me a look that needed no words whatsoever. So I didn't say anything.

At the time.

I brought it up in the Suburban.

His response was, "Done, woman. No use talkin' about it."

This was true.

And false.

I went with the false bit, continued my protest, and got a different response.

"Right. What I meant by no use talkin' about it is we're not talkin' about it."

And then he didn't talk about it.

At all.

Even though I did.

Which meant I had no choice but to quit.

He wanted to buy me a dog, I'd let him do it, partly because it was sweet, but mostly because I had no choice.

"I didn't have the time for a dog," I told him.

"Cabins take a lotta upkeep?"

"Not really. I have them the way I want them. It's mostly puttering around, making the space nice, welcoming. A place people drive up to that makes them think immediately they made the right choice. And Milagros helps a lot. It's just that, once I got the cabins the way I wanted them, I started working on the house."

"House looks sweet, Cassie," he said softly.

I was glad he felt that way. Actually, I was glad he noticed at all.

"Thanks, honey," I replied softly. Then I sighed and said, "I guess what I'm saying is, I didn't think I had the time. But now that I have pick of the litter, the time is right."

He didn't reply. He just took another sip of bourbon.

I did too.

We lapsed into silence.

I broke it.

"Since I was thirteen, this was all I wanted."

I felt his eyes on me but I kept mine on the trees and continued speaking.

"My own business in Colorado. My parents brought us here when I was thirteen and because I begged, they kept bringing us. I fell in love and knew this was where I'd live my life, doing something I enjoyed doing, close to the slopes so I could snowboard. But mostly this, the day being done, taking a load off, surrounded by beauty."

"Thirteen?" he asked and I looked to him.

"Thirteen."

"Not the usual little girl dream," he noted.

"I wasn't the usual little girl," I shared.

He looked back to the trees, murmuring, "You're not a usual woman."

I turned my attention to the trees, murmuring back, "I'll take that as a compliment."

"Meant as one."

I grinned into my glass and took a sip.

Then I kept talking.

"A lot of people would think I'm crazy, but this is all I want. I want to be sitting right here when I'm eighty, listening to the river, gazing at the trees."

"Nothin' crazy about that."

Oh man.

I liked that he thought that.

I took in a deep breath and let it out, asking, "Where do you wanna be when you're eighty?"

"Don't fuck up and blow my shot, sittin' on my ass on a chair that I'm glad now has a pad, next to a decent woman with beautiful eyes, lips made to be kissed, and phenomenal hair, listenin' to a river and starin' at some trees."

Yes.

I was crazy.

Absolutely.

Because I was filled with glee that he wanted that.

Not to mention the sweet things he said to me.

"Though," he continued, "only if she doesn't turn out to be a crazy bitch who loses her mind if I don't put my towel on the rail the exact way she wants it to be."

I looked to him, grinning.

"Towel placement is super-important, Deacon."

He said nothing but in the dim light coming from my lit kitchen, I saw his eyes crinkle.

"Coaster usage is too," I went on.

The eye crinkles stayed where they were even as he took a sip of bourbon.

"Not to mention, appropriate care and cleaning of your vehicle."

He had something to say to that.

"A truck that's not dirty is not a truck. It's a pussy wagon."

I burst out laughing.

"I'm not joking," he said through my laughter, which made me laugh harder.

It also made me get up, put my glass on the railing, and move to him.

I saw his head tipped back, watching me, but he didn't move an inch as I maneuvered over him, tucking a knee into the seat at his hip and swinging a leg wide to straddle him.

When I settled my ass to his thighs, I put both hands to his chest and leaned in. He put his hand without the glass to my ass, rested his head back on the seat, and let me.

"I decorated eleven for you," I whispered after I got into position.

His hand clenched my ass and the eye crinkles vanished.

"I wanted you to have a place that you were comfortable being," I told him.

"Cement countertops were a good touch, baby," he told me.

It was so cool he noticed the countertops so I got closer and smiled.

His hand slid up my spine.

I held his eyes and felt my smile leave when I told him, "You hurt my feelings when you paid for Christmas."

"Needed to give that message, Cassie."

"I know, but it still hurt."

His hand rounded my shoulder and cupped the side of my neck when he whispered, "Sorry, baby."

"Make it up to me. Let me pay you back for the dog."

He slid his hand into my hair and pulled me closer to his face.

"Future reference, this game you're playin' to get your way, it's gonna work a lot of the time. When it's about me givin' you somethin' that's doin' somethin' for me, like givin' me peace of mind I did what I could to keep you safe when I'm not here, it's a game you're gonna lose."

There it was. More happy. And he even managed it while denying me something I wanted.

I totally had to step up my game.

"No fair," I said quietly. "You can't give me a reason that makes me feel all warm and squishy when you're not giving me my way."

I heard that thread of humor in his voice and it wasn't near as slender when he asked, "Warm and squishy?"

I dipped closer, sliding my lips along his cheek to his ear as I rolled my hips in his lap, and whispered, "Squishy."

His head moved and I turned mine in time to see him belting back his bourbon.

A beat later, the glass landed on the arm of his chair with a thud, and a beat after that, we were out of that chair, one of his arms under my ass holding me wrapped around him, the other one at the back of my neck, holding me tight to him.

"I take it it's time for bed," I noted as he walked us to the door to the kitchen.

"Yup."

I dipped in again and said against his neck, "Yippee."

His arms gave me a squeeze as he walked us into my house.

Then he carried me to bed.

* * * * *

I slid Deacon's cock out of my mouth, licked the tip, and called, "Deacon?"

I didn't have to call him. I was curled between his legs, his knees cocked, shoulders to the headboard, and he was watching me.

"What?" he growled, the sound coming from deep, like it was torn from him.

I licked the tip again and said, "I don't know why."

"What?" he repeated.

I licked him from base to tip, my eyes glued to his, then I swirled the head with my tongue, watching his face get darker and darker, his jaw harder and harder, his legs more tense as he watched me. I did all this fighting the urge to squirm or climb on and ride him until I gave it to him. And me.

I wrapped my fist around him, pulling his cock away from where it was lying on his stomach, and said, "I don't know why it's you."

"Jesus, woman, you wanna share this with me now?"

I stroked him with my hand and whispered, "I just know it's you."

His face got darker and I knew it wasn't just because of what I was doing with my hand.

I kept whispering when I shared, "Because you make me happy."

I lost purchase on his shaft when he did an ab curl and grasped me under my arms. With a yank, I was up and moving swiftly, landing on my belly on the bed. I felt Deacon's knees pushing my legs apart as he positioned, his hands on my hips hauling me up.

He barely got my knees under me before he thrust in, yanking my hips back, drilling me.

And I was even more happy.

"Baby," I whimpered.

Then, no other way to put it, even though he'd already pretty much mounted me, he finished that by curving his body over mine, putting a forearm into the bed beside me, thus mounting me.

He pulled my hair away from my face and put his lips close to my ear.

"Future," he grunted, still driving deep. "That game you just played, you play it again, you're gonna win, but I'm gonna choose how you get the prize."

"Okay," I breathed, deciding to play that game a lot as in, a lot.

And again I was up because he wrapped both arms around me and hauled me up so I was back to his front, impaled on his cock.

God.

Heavenly.

He held me to him and took me that way for a while before he bent again and had me ass in the air and took me that way for a while.

Finally, he pulled out, turned me to my back, shoved my legs up with his hands behind my knees, and mounted me again. He took me that way until I exploded beneath him, tensing against his grip, jerking against his thrusts, and calling his name.

He kept thrusting but he gave me time before he ordered, "Woman, look at me."

I focused on him over me, still gripping my knees high and wide, still pounding inside me.

"Watch what you do to me," he grunted.

I could do that. I so could do that.

"Whatever you want, baby."

Then I gave him what he wanted and watched what I did to him, doing it gleefully. I did this all the way through to when he started bucking between my legs, every beautiful, bunched muscle in his body standing out in gorgeous relief, and his head shot back as he poured himself inside me.

Seconds later, he released my legs and dropped over me, taking only a minimum of his substantial weight into a forearm beside me.

I didn't mind taking his weight. I liked it.

But, still.

I was peeved.

"No fair," I said to the ceiling, sounding as annoyed as I was.

I felt his body tense and he lifted his head to look down at me.

He, too, looked peeved.

"Are you shittin' me?" he asked.

"No," I snapped, somewhat breathily since he was heavy, but mostly because I was still riding the high of great sex and being with Deacon.

His brows shot together and a few days ago, that would have been more than a little daunting.

Right then, it was not.

"You got my dick in your mouth, the first head I've had in seven years, you're workin' fuckin' magic, you stop to have a heartfelt chat, I retaliate, and you think that's not fair?" he asked.

"That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about how you keep one-upping me in the happiness stakes."

His brows shot up at that. "The happiness stakes?"

"I'm supposed to be making you happy, not the other way around."

The scowl he was delivering faded as he stared at me.

Then he gave me all of his weight, crushing me to the bed when he burst out laughing.

The sound filled the room, filled my senses. The feel shook me and not just physically. Emotionally in ways I knew I'd never forget that feel for my whole life. All of it, the wealth of beauty soaked into my skin, and when it did I knew the man on top of me laughing was it. The one. The world. The man made for me. The man I was going to fall in love with. The only man I'd ever really love.

That was why I'd made my choice.

That was why I would long for him if he'd decided to leave me.

That was what I knew would haunt me. Not wondering how it could have been, knowing I'd lost everything if he didn't give me the chance to make him laugh just like he was doing.

And there it was again.

Just by laughing, he one-upped me.

"Ugh, you're one-upping me again," I announced irately.

He shifted slightly to my side by getting up on a forearm but staying connected to me.

"How's that?" he asked, still chuckling.

"You have a great laugh," I answered exasperatedly.

He stopped laughing but kept grinning (more freaking happy!) as he cupped my jaw and dipped his face close. "Cassie, you made me laugh."

"I couldn't miss that, Deacon."

His thumb swept my cheek and he stopped grinning.

"Baby, you made me laugh."

Oh God.

I stared in his eyes and remembered what he'd said the night before, remembered what he'd communicated the first time I saw him.

Oh God.

He didn't do that ever.

"Now you're gonna make me cry," I informed him, my voice underlining my words.

Humor flickered in his eyes as he muttered, "Jesus, you're so much of a woman, you're more woman than any woman I've met."

I started getting peeved again.

"You say that like it's bad," I replied sharply.

"Hang on, Cassidy, I'm still adjusting to your last mood swing."

I glared at him and saw the crinkles by his eyes.

He was teasing.

"Don't be playful when I'm feeling emotional," I ordered.

To this, he strangely replied, "You get I'm a badass."

"Hard to miss, Deacon," I returned.

"Then don't tell me when to be playful. Badasses don't like that shit."

His words were so ridiculous (though undoubtedly true), I couldn't stop from grinning.

He caught my grin and requested, "Can we keep this mood for five minutes?"

I shrugged. "Sure."

"Obliged," he muttered, the crinkles still radiating from his eyes.

I put my hands to the ridges of his abs and slid them up his chest.

He stroked my cheek and dropped closer.

"You wanna clean up?" he asked quietly.

"Yeah," I answered quietly too.

"Then shuteye or you wanna sit on my face?"

I blinked.

Then I squirmed.

His gaze heated as he muttered, "Sit on my face."

"There it is," I muttered back. "More happy."

I saw the light in his eyes as he dropped even closer.

"Baby, that pussy on my mouth, your ass in my hands, the noises you make fillin' the room, knowin' I get to drive deep in your wet, tight cunt while you're still moanin' for me. Then after I give it to you, and you give it to me, I get to bed down with you tucked tight. You don't think that makes me happy, you're fuckin' crazy."

I squirmed more but this time it wasn't just a turned-on squirm. It was a turned-on happy squirm.

He felt it and gave me another grin before he gave me another order.

"Go, clean up."

"Okay, honey."

He touched his mouth to mine, pulled out, and rolled off.

I rolled the other way and dashed to the bathroom.

I closed the door.

But when I got there, I looked in the mirror and saw my long hair wild, my eyes soft and sated, my skin flushed.

My hair looked sexy like that, even I had to say so.

My eyes looked amazing.

My flushed skin made me look vibrant and alive.

I looked like I'd been fucked hard.

And I'd never looked happier.

<br/>

And I was sitting, listening to the rain, sipping wine, trying not to let this knowledge destroy me.

The time we had when we got together was great. It was short, but it was wonderful.

The sex was a highlight, for certain. Even with seven years abstinence, apparently it was like riding a bike because Deacon was far from rusty.

But the rest of the time was what made that hope I always stupidly let myself feel bubble over.

This was because Deacon was mellow. Always. Not that anything happened to make him angry, but his manner was such that I wasn't sure he could get angry.

Case in point, he didn't drive his Suburban cursing at people who cut him off or went too slow, something that happened more than once (something that I did do, and pretty much everyone on earth who was breathing). No reaction from Deacon. He just drove. Further, he didn't get annoyed when I pushed it about paying for the dog.

He didn't get anything.

But Deacon.

He was steady. Relaxed. All this in a way that communicated itself to me and made me feel the same way.

Although mellow, he was alert, communicative (in his way), and most of all, present. So very present. I didn't know how he did it but he was with me in a way I'd never felt before. A way that I knew he was with me. Even if he wasn't touching me, speaking to me, being overt about anything, he was still with me. And he made it clear in his Deacon way that he liked being right there.

With me.

Needless to say, it was easy to settle into that. So easy, it took only two days for it to feel real. For it to feel like what we had was forming roots in preparation for growing strong.

He left and did his job and was back at Glacier Lily in a week, which was awesome. And we went right back to what we had the short time before he went off to do his job.

When he got back, he told me he'd have a week or two to be with me. But he got a call two days in that he'd said-appearing frustrated (mildly) and disappointed (definitely, although I didn't know him that well, so over the past weeks I convinced myself I read that wrong)-he had to take a bud's back.

Again, he couldn't predict when he'd return to Glacier Lily, just that he would.

The first time he went, he gave me a phone number. I called it and sometimes he answered, sometimes he didn't and he'd call me back later. If he didn't answer, it said its voicemail was not activated, but clearly its call history was because he'd later phone me.

We didn't talk for hours, but we connected.

It wasn't as good as having him but it was good. Specifically the time when we did talk for hours (or, just over one). This time being the time I shared with him my concerns about hitting non-peak season: the sliver of time after winter and spring break ended and the summer high season began.

With the aspens turning gold and the dry climate warm during the day, cool during the evening, autumn was popular in the Colorado Mountains.

Late spring, early summer, not so much.

This made it tough. Tough to find things for Milagros to do when she needed things to do because she needed the money. Tough to cover the money to keep her doing things and keep myself covered as well.

I rented the cabins steadily and made enough money to live comfortably, but far from luxuriously.

I didn't want luxury, had never wanted it. I might one day get it (or some semblance of it), though not soon as I'd taken a second mortgage to do some of the work on the house and cabins and I still hadn't paid off my dad.

So spring always was a bitch.

And this was what I told Deacon (though I didn't get into the second mortgage stuff, just the complaining about non-peak season stuff). I did this feeling the contradictory feelings of weird and maybe a little frightened we hadn't yet gotten to the place where I could unload my life on him and elated I finally had someone to unload my life on.

"Up the rates."

That was what he said when I finally quit babbling.

"What?" I asked.

"You rent those cabins too cheap, Cassidy. They're the shit. Up the rates."

I was experiencing a heady warmth from his they're the shit that was somewhat overwhelming but I still managed to ask, "You think I could get away with that?"

"A year ago, two, no. Economy was in the tank. No matter how great your cabins are, you'd have to take that hit to get them rented. Now, you got the business you got because people are gettin' a deal. They know it. You up nightly rates by ten, twenty dollars, weekly rates by fifty, they'd still rent them, because they might not be getting a deal, but they're still the shit. You do that, helps you during the lean times."

"That's actually a good idea," I told him because it was. I could do this. I'd have to honor the bookings I had at the rates they'd booked, but it'd be super-easy to change the website to increase the rates for future bookings.

"Not the scarecrow."

Deacon's bizarre words had my head jerking and my mouth saying, "Sorry?"

"Got a brain in my head, Cassidy."

He said this with his deep voice bearing a thread of humor, not insult, which was good.

Still.

"I didn't say you didn't," I replied.

"Woman, that was an offer."

Again, I was confused.

"What?" I asked.

"Got a brain, I can use it," Deacon answered. "You do what you do day to day. It's your life. You're up to your neck in it. Can get mired in that, unless you got someone to kick ideas around with. Since I got a brain, and you got me, that someone is me."

The feeling of heady warmth that gave me was just overwhelming. So much so I couldn't speak.

"Woman, you there?" he called.

"Yes, honey," I forced out and kept doing it. "Thanks for the offer. I'll take you up on it. I just hope I make it so you don't regret it."

"How would that happen?" he asked, sounding genuinely perplexed, which I found unbelievably sweet.

But still.

"You remember Grant?" I inquired.

"Who?"

"Grant. My boyfriend when I, uh...first met you."

"Lazy fuck," he stated, paused, then said before I could confirm, "Stupid fuck."

"Yeah," I replied, smiling. "Him."

"I remember."

"Well, my dream, this dream that transformed when I found these cabins, wasn't being here doing it alone. I actually thought most of the fun would be being here, taking care of these cabins, and doing it together, at the time with Grant. He didn't agree. His fun came a different way. The weight of the work, and me, ended up too much."

"Cassie," he said quietly. "Respect, but you two were too young to take that on. Man his age back then, all he wants is to get drunk and do it findin' someone who'll give him a blowjob after he's done gettin' shitfaced."

This was absolutely true.

"Sayin' that," Deacon went on, "all a man's gotta do is look at you, any age he is, and know he struck gold and has to get his shit together to keep it shiny, but more, keep it his. But he didn't just look at you, he knew you, and doin' that, no excuse for bein' the way he was."

The warmth I got from that settled so deep, I could ride it for weeks in the Arctic with not even a blanket.

"What I'm sayin' is," Deacon kept on quietly, "you are not a weight. Those cabins aren't. Life isn't. It's just what it is. It's part of livin'. It's part of bein' together. If it matters, if it's good, nothin' weighs it down."

"I really wish you were here right now," I blurted, and it was the truth, mostly because I wanted to kiss him and do it hard.

It was then Deacon said nothing.

This lasted some time, so I called, "Deacon?"

"Same here, Cassie."

He wished he was with me.

And that felt warm too.

Needless to say, after that conversation, I thought we could do it, Deacon taking off, me staying home, us connecting from afar, learning about each other, helping what we had to grow, making it good, then connecting when he got back.

That was, until he left again. And when he did, he never picked up when I called and only twice phoned me back. These were short calls that lasted less than a minute and mostly were him saying he got my calls and couldn't talk, but he'd call when he could.

But he never did.

And then it began to feel weird, me calling him a couple times a day so he'd see my number on his history and know I was thinking about him, wanting to speak with him, wanting to connect, but he never connected.

Then it didn't feel weird, it felt humiliating, like I was the girl the guy picked up, had a good time with, thought it might be worth working at, then found she was needy and grasping. Calling all the time. Wanting to connect. Thinking about him way too much, as in creepy-much. All this until it was time to shut it down and shut her out because she was a creepy, stalker freak.

That didn't feel good so I quit calling, hoping if I did, he'd call.

He didn't.

He'd been gone nearly five weeks. And of that five weeks, I hadn't heard from him in four, and hadn't phoned him in three.

I didn't know Deacon very well but in the times I was with him, the Deacon I thought I was coming to know wouldn't leave me hanging for three weeks.

Unless he was going to leave me hanging forever.

Which I had no choice but to assume he was doing. Three weeks was a long time. His last "job" only lasted a week. This one was five. He had to be done with the job by now and moving on.

Moving on.

I just couldn't believe he was doing it. Not without saying something. He didn't have to come to Glacier Lily and lay it out for me. In fact, I was glad he didn't.

But leaving me hanging?

Forever?

That didn't seem very Deacon.

Which was another reminder that I didn't know Deacon. I didn't know what he did for a living. I didn't know his full name. I didn't know where he came from or how he became the man he was.

I knew he was thirty-eight, had slept with that same amount of women, (well, with me, one more), he was mellow, didn't talk much, was great in bed, liked my cooking...

And that was all I knew.

This put me in a bad mood. A bad mood where I sat on my porch in the rain (though I'd do that anyway) staring at the trees, trying not to make a big deal of this. A hot guy, great sex, a feeling of hope it was the start of something beautiful, something that could be forever-women got that feeling all the time and found they were wrong.

I tried to make it that simple.

But I knew it wasn't that simple.

I was staving off heartbreak...again. Doing it with the impending official adoption of the dog Deacon bought for me. I had pictures. The breeders e-mailed them to me weekly-the puppies rolling around, nursing from their momma, growing up, and playing.

I was in love with all of them and had no idea how I would choose when the time came two weeks from then when I'd have to.

I also had no idea how I would claim and care for a dog that would forever remind me of Deacon.

I closed my eyes tight on that thought, fighting the feelings that threatened to overwhelm me, and not in a warm way. In a devastated, I'm-an-idiot, I'd-picked-the-wrong-guy, when-was-I-gonna-learn way.

But I opened them when I heard the growl of an engine through the patter of rain.

I turned my head right to see who was there, and when I saw the rain slicked black Suburban through the gray dusk, I quit breathing.

I started again but only to do it erratically as I watched the driver's side door open and Deacon unfold his long frame from the seat. I heard the door slam and remained still, my eyes on him negotiating the trees at the side of my house as he stalked to the porch.

My breath caught again when he arrived at the porch and I could see his eyes pinned to me, his face blank, the mask returned (not a good sign), but there was no escaping the heaviness that descended from whatever it was that was emanating from him.

This could have been why I couldn't move.

Deacon could move. He put his hands to the porch railing, and even though the porch (and definitely the railing) was elevated several feet from the ground, he hauled himself up and threw his body over the rail, his boots hitting the deck with a definitive thud.

At this miraculous display of upper body strength, I swallowed a gasp.

I had no idea what he was doing there, and even if his expression was giving me nothing, I still understood from somewhere deep he didn't want to be there.

But he was.

And I didn't get that.

Though maybe I did. Maybe I was right. Maybe it was Deacon's time to say good-bye, face to face.

Suddenly, I wished he'd left me hanging.

He stared down at me and I still didn't move. Just had my neck twisted, my head tipped back, because his unfathomable eyes were locked to mine in a way I couldn't escape.

"Thought you were more woman than any woman I'd met," he declared, his voice low but cold, a voice I had for six years. A voice I thought was gone forever.

A voice it was a blow that hurt like a bitch to have back.

It was also a bizarre opening.

"Sorry?" I asked.

"A woman who's any woman at all, she wants shot of a man, she's got the guts to tell him."

I stared in disbelief.

What did he just say?

Shot of a man?

Before I could ask, Deacon kept talking

"You don't have that and I should let you make that play. But what you gave me, Cassidy, not gonna let you make that play. So you want shot of me, I'm standin' right here. Now you say the words."

"Are you crazy?" I whispered, knowing he was because there was no way in hell he could think I was shot of him.

Him shot of me, yes.

Me shot of him...

Absolutely not.

"You quit callin'," he stated.

I finally moved, turning in my seat and keeping my eyes glued to his.

"You did too."

"I was workin'," he clipped.

I felt my eyebrows shoot up. "For weeks, without a moment to phone just to say hey?"

"For weeks, without a moment to phone and say hey," he confirmed, his words still terse.

"Seriously?" I asked.

"Seriously," he answered shortly and kept going. "Situation was not good. It was intense. And there were people there I did not know, I did not like, and I did not trust. No way in fuck I'm gonna take a call and expose shit to those fuckers. And no way I could take a call from you and not expose you mean somethin' to me. Since I was with them practically twenty-four fuckin' seven, I didn't take a call and I didn't make a call. Told you, I would not put you in danger. That world I live in, Cassidy, it does not exist for you and by that I mean you don't know that world and that world does not know you."

This made some sense, and some of it was very sweet.

However.

"So what's that mean, Deacon?" I asked. "Incommunicado for weeks with no idea when that incommunicado will end?"

"Fuck no," he returned. "It means you phone me so I know you're good and you're thinkin' of me."

Suddenly, I was over my shock he was there and this was because I was pissed.

"So I sit at home and give you that and I get nothing?" I pushed.

"You get knowin' it's good for me that I know I'm on your mind."

I had to admit, that would be a nice thing to give.

But when there's give, there should be get.

"And what do I get?"

"Woman, if you don't already know that you've been on my mind every day for the last six years, I got no clue how to communicate that to you. Now that I've had you, that shit has not changed. It's just got worse."

My back straightened and I started glaring. "Worse?"

"Worse," he confirmed on a downward jerk of his chin. "Now it's not every day. It's every hour. I don't fight it, every minute. Fuck, every second, I don't keep it in check. Every second, I'm thinkin' of you, thinkin' of gettin' shit done, but only so I can get back to you."

That was very, very sweet.

I was still pissed.

And this was because I got nothing from him, not one thing for a month!

"You didn't tell me that, Deacon."

"I fuckin' did, Cassidy."

"When?" I snapped.

He leaned toward me and shot back, "Every moment I was with you."

I drew in a sharp breath.

Because in that instant, I knew he was right.

"You're a vulnerability," he ground out. "My vulnerability. I have no vulnerabilities. I spent years shavin' every last one away from me so there was nothin' left. Now I got one, a big one, and I do not give one fuck as long as she's in Colorado, sittin' on her porch, waitin' for me to get back."

Oh my God.

"Deacon," I whispered, but got no further because he kept going.

"But I can't know she's doin' that if she doesn't," he leaned into me again, "phone me."

"What if I need you?" I asked softly, his words making me no longer pissed.

"Then you phone. You hang up. You phone again. You hang up. And you phone again. You keep phonin', Cassidy, I'll know I'm not just on your mind, I'm needed. And I'll phone back. But I'll do it on my way to you."

Oh yes.

I was no longer pissed, like at all.

It was then I stood and faced him, saying in a calming voice, "I couldn't know this, honey."

"Right. Then I'll educate you," he returned, his words still clipped, showing he could definitely get annoyed. "Those five men you had, not one of them was a man like me. A man like me, Cassidy, does not sit on a fuckin' chair on a fuckin' porch by a fuckin' river in the fuckin' Colorado Mountains and tell a woman he wants to be sittin' right there beside her when he's eighty if he does not mean that shit."

I felt my chin go back into my neck as I held his gaze, doing this to fight back the emotion his words rocketed through me.

Once I succeeded, I suggested, "Maybe we should get a system down."

The mask slipped but only for his face to darken on the words, "You're not shot of me?"

"Of course not," I answered. "I just...you didn't phone back so I thought you were shot of me."

"Here," he growled and I blinked.

"Deacon, I'm not a big fan of-"

"Future," he cut me off. "Assert your feminism when I'm not three seconds away from fuckin' you on your porch. I come to you, that's gonna happen. You come to me, maybe it won't."

Maybe?

I didn't ask that.

I asked, "So if you get your way and I come to you, you can miraculously control your base instincts?"

His reply?

"One."

My body jerked and my brows shot together as the meaning of that word hit me.

"Are you counting down-?"

"Two."

I planted my hands on my hips.

"You are!" I cried angrily. "You're counting-"

"Fuck it," he muttered, took two long strides, and I was in his arms.

Not only in his arms but his mouth was on mine and his tongue was sweeping inside.

That was when he was in my arms, seeing as I'd wrapped them around his shoulders.

The kiss was hard, it was heated, it was hungry, it was long, and it was beautiful.

Deacon ended it by shoving his face in my neck, his hand cupping the back of my head, guiding my face into his neck, his other arm holding me tight to his body.

As for me, I had one arm around his shoulders, fingers in his hair, one arm around him, forearm angled up his back.

I held tight too.

"Missed you," I whispered into his skin.

Deacon didn't reply, but he did. And he did by squeezing me so hard, his fingers digging into my scalp, I found it difficult to breath.

He released the pressure but still held me snug to his frame.

I turned my head and asked against the hinge of his jaw, "Have you had dinner?"

"Baby," he replied, and my insides melted and that was even before he got to the good part. "You think, I got that job done, I stopped to eat on my way to you?"

It was my turn to reply nonverbally and I did this by clutching him even tighter.

"Feed me," he ordered into my neck. "Then I'll fuck you."

That was definitely a deal.

Before I could share that with him, his head shot up, his neck twisting. I looked at his profile and saw his eyes narrowed.

Then he looked down at me. "Company."

I stared at him for a beat before I looked around him, Deacon turning slightly, and I saw the nose of Milagros and Manuel's SUV butting beyond my house.

"Your girl," Deacon said, obviously having taken note of the car Milagros drove.

"She does this, pops by," I told him. "She worries about me. So does Manuel."

Deacon said nothing to this, just watched me say it, no chin dip or head tipping to share he heard it. Still, I knew he heard it.

Then, strangely, his gaze shifted high but toward the trees, yet I knew not to the trees. They were focused but unfocused. It was weird, I could tell he was taking note of something, I just didn't know what.

I didn't have the chance to ask before I heard Esteban, Milagros and Manuel's oldest boy, shout, "Tia Cassidy! We have hot fudge!"

I stood still, letting Deacon guide this. Another thing it occurred to me right then that I knew about him was that he was observant. He had to know Milagros and I were close.

So he had to make the decision of what would come next.

He did.

And to my way of thinking, it was the right one.

He let me go, wrapped his big hand around mine (and when he did, my heart clutched because I missed feeling his hand around mine), and he pulled me toward the door, through it, the kitchen, and the foyer.

It was him who opened the front door but he did it hauling me to his side, hand still in mine.

I wanted to laugh at what happened next, I really did. But I loved Milagros and Manuel too much to do it.

This was because, the minute Deacon opened the door, Milagros's head visibly jerked and then her body shot straight as a board, her eyes on Deacon. Manuel blinked and his mouth dropped open, his eyes also on Deacon.

As for the kids, three of them shouted varying things including, "Tia Cassidy!" "Hot Fudge!" and "I gotta go to the bathroom!"

Gerardo, their youngest, dashed straight through Deacon and my legs on his way to take care of business in the bathroom.

Esteban forged in toward our sides, which meant Deacon moved me back as he turned us toward the boy who was holding up a plastic bowl with a plastic top that held a melting hot fudge sundae.

"Mama said you were sad so we got this for you," he declared, thrusting the sundae toward me.

"Papa always gets me a sundae when I'm feeling sad," Araceli, their second oldest daughter (third oldest child, with Silvia, at twelve, being first, Esteban, ten years old, second, Margarita, at six, fourth, Gerardo, four and a half, coming last). "It always makes me feel happy."

"Well, that's awesome and sweet," I replied, because it was and I wasn't surprised my mood had been read by my friend.

I pulled my hand from Deacon's in order to take the sundae.

"You have to eat it, like right now, or it'll be all melted," Margarita advised.

"I'll just pop it in the freezer. Dea...uh, John hasn't had dinner. We'll share it when he has. Now, everyone come in," I invited, grabbing on to Deacon's wrist and pulling him back to give the invitation physically as well.

"Dee-uh-John, that's a weird name," Margarita declared, taking two skips in-skipping her way of ambulating everywhere. I wasn't sure I'd ever seen her take a normal step.

"Rita!" Milagros snapped.

She tipped her head back to her entering mother. "Well it is."

"Name's just John," Deacon stated and I looked to him to see him looking to Manuel. "John Priest."

He stuck out a hand toward Manuel.

Manuel looked at it then took it. "Manuel Cabrera." They separated and Manuel put his hand on Milagros's shoulder. "My wife, Milagros."

Deacon offered Milagros his hand, stating, "Cassie has a lot of good to say about you."

Milagros took Deacon's hand but her eyes were on me as she replied, "Cassie?"

"I...uh, yes. Cassie," I blathered. "Priest, I mean, John and I are...uh, well-"

Deacon saved me but he unfortunately did it by ordering, "Woman, put the sundae in the freezer."

I looked up at him, eyes narrowed. "Boss much?"

"You want a melted sundae?" he returned.

"Maybe," I shot back.

"Well I don't," he retorted.

"They didn't bring it for you," I pointed out.

"You gonna eat it in front of me?" he asked.

"Of course not," I snapped.

"Then put it in the freezer."

I made a face at him.

He grinned.

I stopped making a face at him and my heart leapt as my vagina pulsed.

Manuel cleared his throat. Deacon and I quit bickering and looked to the Cabrera family.

"You guys are funny," Araceli declared when we did.

"I'll help you put the sundae in the fridge," Milagros offered unnecessarily, but didn't allow me a chance to decline. Her hand shot out, clamped around mine, and she dragged me through the foyer and into the kitchen.

Once there, she went direct to the freezer, opened it, snatched the sundae, shoved it in, slammed the freezer door, and directly invaded my space.

"Who is he?" she demanded to know in a hushed but sharp tone.

"Milagros-"

"Is he why your eyes have died?"

Okay, apparently Milagros hadn't read my mood, she'd read my mood.

I made a mental note not to become close friends with any more Mexican American mothers of five as I opened my mouth to reply but she didn't let me speak.

"They're not dead anymore."

I guessed they weren't.

"Honey-" I tried again but got nowhere because Milagros started shooting rapid-fire questions my way.

"Who is he? What does he do? Where has he been? I haven't seen him in town, does he live in Carnal? He looks like he lives in Carnal. Does he have a motorcycle? Because if he does, Manuel will worry even more. And if he does, and you ride on it with him, I hope you're wearing a helmet. Are you wearing a helmet?"

It was tough and it kind of hurt, holding back my giggles, but I managed, even if my voice was vibrating when I answered, "He doesn't have a motorcycle."

I didn't know this as a fact, but considering he had no home, I couldn't imagine him having a motorcycle stored somewhere.

Though, he now had me and I had a big shed. I'd totally let Deacon store a motorcycle there if he wanted to get one.

"Cassidy, who is he?" she hissed.

I grabbed her hand, held it, and got closer.

"His name is John Priest and he and I are seeing each other."

"Since when?"

"Since a few weeks ago."

"He's eleven," she stated on an accusatory whisper and I pulled in a breath.

Cabin eleven.

She knew exactly who he was.

Kind of.

I let it out, whispering back, "He's eleven."

"Where does he come from? Where does he go? What does he do?" she fired back and we both jumped apart when Deacon's voice came from the door.

"I travel for work," he said, and it was at that point I made a mental note that Deacon had superhuman hearing.

Manuel was trailing him, giving big shut up eyes to his wife.

As for the kids, they were scattering, Esteban going straight to the fridge, which he knew he had my open invitation to raid (though he didn't have his parents' open permission; he was the kind of kid who pushed boundaries, hilariously, to my way of thinking, but I wasn't his mother). The girls headed to the back door. They liked my porch as much as I did.

Gerardo wandered in, still adjusting his jeans.

"What do you do?" Milagros asked.

"Acquisitions," Deacon answered, to my way of thinking, interestingly.

"Whas' that?" Gerardo butted in and Deacon looked down at him.

It was then it was proved you could fall in love in an instant.

This was because badasses melted in the face of pregnant German Shepherds.

But the sweetness that came over Deacon's features when he trained his gaze to the young boy was a vision so magnificent it was almost, but not quite, painful to behold, such was its beauty.

I knew Milagros saw it too and felt the same way I did. I knew this because she leaned in to me and did it deep, like she couldn't hold up her own weight.

"I get things for people," Deacon explained.

"I'm Gerardo," Gerardo shared.

"I'm John," Deacon lied.

"Hola, John."

Deacon smiled.

"Dios mio," Milagros breathed.

Good to know I wasn't the only one.

"Mi amor, it's late. We should let John have his dinner," Manuel called to his wife.

"No!" Esteban yelled and I looked his way to see he'd had his face wedged in the sliver of an opening of the fridge door, the only thing he could get with Milagros and me standing in his way. "Tia Cassidy has lemon pie with that fluffy stuff on top."

I felt the awe leave Milagros as she set up to let loose on her son but she didn't get there in time.

Her husband did.

Thus ensued a wave of Spanish where I caught only a few words-all of them fatherly in a scary way-then I heard the fridge door close and watched an ten-year-old boy shuffle toward his father with head bowed.

"Lo siento, Cassidy," Manuel murmured.

"It's okay," I replied on a smile. Then I said to Esteban's back, "I'll save some for you."

"Thanks, Tia Cassidy," he muttered.

"Mis hijas!" Milagros shouted. "Nos vamos! andele!"

Pandemonium ensued as the girls rushed in from the porch. They didn't bother attempting to take turns with giving me a hug, they pretty much collided with me, squeezed me, and dashed out, waving perfunctorily at Deacon (with Silvia, I noticed, avoiding his hot guy eyes in a sweet, shy girl way). Esteban and Gerardo didn't bother with hugs, they just shouted their farewells, Gerardo giving cute waves, and raced after their sisters.

"We should have called," Manuel said as I heard the front door being opened.

"You're welcome here anytime," I replied, moving his way. "You know that."

His eyes slid to Deacon. They were not questioning, they were assessing.

I felt Milagros come up to my side. "We must have you to dinner. Are you here long?"

It took effort not to whoop with glee when Deacon answered, "Got a break. I'll be here three, four weeks."

"Then we'll have time," Milagros stated, holding out a hand. "Good to meet you."

"Same," Deacon replied, taking her hand and clasping it before letting it go.

"We'll see each other again," Manuel said, offering his own hand.

Deacon took it and replied, "Look forward to it."

I gave Manuel a kiss on the cheek, same to Milagros with a hug, and we walked them to the door.

We stood in its frame as Milagros and Manuel corralled their kids, who were cavorting on the front porch, and got them in their SUV.

We continued to stand there, me waving, as they drove toward the cabins in order to turn around.

We did not wait for them to drive back down the lane. Deacon moved me in, shut the door, locked it, and looked down at me.

"You got lemon meringue pie?" he asked.

I grinned. "Yep."

"You can have the sundae. I'll have pie."

He'd have pie.

He'd have pie.

I didn't know how to express how happy that made me, and I didn't want to because if I did, he'd probably think I was crazy.

Instead, taking a page out of his book, I shared what I needed to say by leaning so far in to him, I was giving him most of my weight, doing it tipping my head back and smiling at him.

He took my weight and supported it by rounding me with his arms.

He also dipped his face closer to mine, doing this while taking in my smile, before saying, "Plans changed. Fuck then you feed me."

That caused a tingle.

"I'm down with that," I whispered.

Deacon grinned.

Then he dipped his head further and kissed me.

After that, he lifted me in his arms and carried me to bed.

* * * * *

Much later, draped part on, partly down Deacon's side, my cheek to his chest, as I heard his breath start to even out telling me he was close to sleep, I whispered into the dark, "Did you like the pie?"

I got no words, but the arm he had curved around me squeezed me tight.

He liked the pie.

I smiled against his chest, tightened my arm draped over his stomach, and kept whispering.

"I'm glad you're back."

His body tensed for a moment before it relaxed and he murmured, "Sleep, baby."

I sighed.

Then I said, "'Kay. 'Night, Deacon."

"'Night, Cassie."

I smiled again against his chest.

Then I closed my eyes.

Chapter Nine

Eleven

The next day, I was walking through Home Depot, trying not to let my head explode.

This was because I had been shopping in the garden center. I'd been grabbing plastic trays of flowers that I was going to plant in my window boxes and planters and I was doing this babbling my grand plans of bringing floral beauty to Glacier Lily. At the same time I was hoping out loud that we didn't get a late spring snow which would mean I'd waste hundreds of dollars since all the plants would die and I'd have to do it again (something that had happened once before and it didn't make me happy).

Eventually, I turned from selecting plants and jabbering and found Deacon, who'd come with me, had disappeared.

I was talking to no one.

The mini-welcome home party the night before had gone great. It was simple: sex, then Deacon eating reheated meatloaf and mashed potatoes, then more sex, and finally Deacon crashing because he not only drove to get to me without eating, he'd done it without sleeping, and this had taken two days. This last had alarmed me, but then again, he was a thirty-eight-year-old man. He might need a woman, but he didn't need a mother. Therefore, I kept my mouth shut.

The party continued in the morning with more sex then bacon, eggs, and toast upon which I told Deacon that day's agenda included me hitting Home Depot in preparation for bringing floral beauty to Glacier Lily.

Deacon had grinned (score two of the morning, score one being a nearly-upon-waking orgasm). Then he'd said he'd come with me (score three).

I had happy, hopeful visions of shopping with Deacon (something I looked forward to in a way that might seem weird to some, but being alone for years, it was not weird to me), coming home, and Deacon helping me with the flowers.

This had a dual purpose. That being me getting the flowers planted faster, thus having some downtime to be with Deacon, and also working alongside Deacon. I had hope, what with his comments about Grant being lazy, that he was not. That his assertion that if things worked out between us and he would be eighty and sitting next to me in an Adirondack chair meant he didn't intend to spend the next forty-two years having me cook, clean, take care of the cabins, and him doing...whatever it was he did until he quit doing it and ended up doing nothing.

Essentially, I knew it was his day off. Or at least it was his downtime after being at it twenty-four fuckin' seven for over a month.

But I still believed that working together could be fun. And if not fun, at least it was together and that in itself was good.

I continued to score through the morning with another orgasm Deacon gave me during the shower we took together and earning another grin when I was ready about five minutes after he was whereupon I announced as much.

"You're ready?" he asked, not hiding the surprise in his voice, leaning a shoulder against the doorway to my bedroom where he was standing.

"Yep," I replied.

"No makeup?"

Suddenly, I was uncertain if I was ready.

"Do I need makeup?" I asked.

"No."

That came quick and firm, so I relaxed. "Then I'm ready."

"Your hair isn't dry," Deacon pointed out.

"We aren't in one hundred percent humidity, Deacon Deacon." His lips started curving up at my response and I kept at it. "The mountains are arid. It'll dry in no time."

"So it dries as beautiful as it is with you doin' shit to it?"

The warmth only Deacon could give me by being his brand of sweet came back. It felt good. So I just nodded.

That was when I got the grin before he said, "Then let's go, Cassie."

All went well from there. Me being back in his Suburban. Deacon swinging into the Mexican Jumping Bean without my even asking. Deacon being relaxed and calm while driving, even when some guy cut him off to take a right turn, this making Deacon brake when he wouldn't have had to if the guy wasn't being a jerk.

Now all wasn't well.

Now I'd had to leave my trolley with my carefully selected trays of flowers and spiky and tailing plants that would so work with my vision of floral beauty at Glacier Lily in the garden center because I had no idea where my man was and the big flat trolley I had was too unwieldy to shove through the store.

Someone was going to snatch my plants, I knew it.

And where could Deacon be? I'd looked through all the aisles in the garden center (three times).

He was just gone.

I'd called his number, but he didn't answer (as usual).

Hurrying through the humongous store, then going through the back aisles and doing it again, I saw him standing at the far back looking at ladders.

Ladders.

What the heck?

"Dea...Priest," I called.

He looked to me but said nothing.

I stopped two feet away. "You left me in the garden center," I informed him of information he well knew.

"Need a ladder," he replied.

I stared at him, looked to the ladders, then looked to him again. "I have a ladder."

"Not tall enough," he stated.

I felt my brows draw together. "For what?"

"Gotta clean your gutters," he declared. "May have to replace some of 'em. Ladder in your shed won't reach."

"I don't need to clean my gutters. I have evergreens all around my house."

He turned fully to me. "They drop needles, woman. And you got aspens, some of 'em tall, not to mention those three big birches at the front of your house and the elms close to the river." I was having difficulty processing Deacon's knowledge of my trees as he kept talking. "Rain last night was fallin' over the sides, not goin' where it's supposed to go. This means the gutters are probably caked."

I'd noticed that but it hadn't occurred to me my gutters needed cleaned, mostly because I liked that fall of rain. Of course, not when it was pouring down, then that heavy fall kind of freaked me out.

I still didn't think about cleaning my gutters.

Deacon did and this explained him looking at what I thought were the trees last night. But it wasn't the trees. It was the rain coming over my gutters.

I wasn't sure how to take this conversation so I decided it was best to feel my way.

"Are you gonna clean my gutters?" I asked.

"Not buyin' a ladder for my woman to do it."

Okay, I knew how to take that, as in like it a whole lot.

Now to the tough stuff.

"Did you think of maybe telling me you were going to clean my gutters and needed a ladder to do it before taking off to look at ladders, leaving me talking to myself?" I asked.

"When I took off, you weren't talkin'."

I found this hard to believe, though I did have to take a breath so perhaps he'd escaped when I did that.

"Still," I said quietly.

"I didn't drive to Wyoming, Cassidy," he pointed out.

"I didn't know where you went." My voice dipped lower. "And I'll point out, I phoned and you didn't answer again."

His reply to that was "Phone's on the nightstand."

I blinked.

Who left their phone on the nightstand?

He went on, "Don't need one when I'm with you."

There was a lot there, including the clashing feelings of being happy he was again demonstrating he was with me as in with me and wanted that without any distractions and the disturbed feeling that this might mean he didn't have anyone to talk to, not that he didn't want to talk to anyone.

I didn't get into that. I stuck with the matter at hand.

"You do when you take off in a store that's as big as three warehouses and I don't know where you are."

His head tipped slightly to the side and his brows drew slightly together before he asked, "Are we havin' this conversation?"

In other words, this conversation was a conversation he felt was ridiculous.

I didn't agree.

I lifted my hands and dropped them, saying, "Deacon, you took off and I didn't know where you went."

"Did it occur to you that I'd be back?" he returned.

"Not really," I shot back, and I knew he got me because suddenly his face changed.

"Cassie," he said softly.

"Okay," I said briskly in order to cover the vulnerability I'd just exposed. "I'm the woman in your life, not your mother, so I'll say this won't happen often. But right now, it's gonna happen."

The softness in his expression changed, his lips twitched, and I wasn't real fond of that (well, I was, just not right then) but I carried on anyway.

"It's sweet, you drove hell bent to get to me but don't ever do that again. You need to sleep and eat," I bossed and kept going so he wouldn't say anything that might tip my precarious mood, something I knew could happen because his lips were still twitching and now his eyes were dancing. "Second, if we're at a store-a gigantic one, an average one, a fruit stand on the side of the road-you don't take off without telling me where you're going."

"A fruit stand?" he asked and there it was. That sound I liked so much. The thread of humor reverberating in his tone.

"Don't tease me when I'm borderline pissed."

"Thank fuck it's only borderline," he muttered, still teasing.

"Just saying, I go back to my trolley and one single pansy I selected has been taken by another customer, borderline will be a memory."

"Can you do that without me at your side so I can get a ladder?"

I knew he was still teasing, I could tell by the glint in his eye that made him almost cute, if that could be believed.

I still didn't like it (well, I did, just not right then).

"Are you gonna shove a woman who spent three weeks thinking that we were finished, and not liking it much, over the edge in a home improvement store?" I demanded to know, slamming my hands on my hips.

Half a second later, my hands were not on my hips. They were on Deacon's flat abs because he moved, leaning in to me, hooking me at the back of my head, and yanking me into him so I had to throw my hands out to brace against impact.

My head tipped back and his came down, so close, the side of his nose brushed mine, his eyes were all I could see, and I could feel his breath against my lips.

"No," he whispered.

That was it.

No.

No, he was not going to shove me over the edge in a home improvement store after I'd spent three weeks hurting because I thought we were over. No, he was not going to do that because Deacon just wouldn't do that, but also because he regretted that I spent that time hurting. And no, he was not going to do that because he didn't want us to be over either and he'd thought we were and he'd spent that time hurting.

He said that all through his no.

But mostly he said it through pulling me to him the way he did to whisper that one word to me.

Therefore, I leaned in to him to share how this made me feel and I did it without even giving him a word.

I figured he got me because I was learning Deacon was good at that.

He kept whispering. "This goes bad, Cassie, we'll talk it out. I will not leave you wondering and I will never leave you hanging."

"Okay," I whispered back.

"You gonna return that favor?"

"I hope this doesn't go bad," I replied and saw his eyes fire, showing me he hoped that too, something I liked even better than standing close to him in the aisle of a home improvement store, which said a lot. "But if it does, I'll definitely return that favor, honey."

He held me close, looking into my eyes for several moments, before he murmured, "Good," brushed his mouth against mine and let me go.

I teetered slightly when he did, and by the time I had myself steady, his attention was back to the ladders.

I watched Deacon studying the ladders. I looked to the ladders to see there were a goodly number of them, but only two tall enough to reach my gutters.

I looked back to him and asked, "How long is picking a ladder gonna take?"

He looked to me. "It's gonna take as long as it takes."

My brows went up. "I only have to grab some potting soil and plant food. In other words, I'm almost done. Can you give me a more accurate estimate?"

"You laid it out, woman, so I will too," he stated. "You're a woman who worries about her man eatin' and sleepin' and wants him to give her a heads up when he's got somethin' on his mind that he has to do and doin' it means leavin' her. You've also just become a woman who gives her man the time it takes to pick a ladder, whatever that time might be."

I felt my own lips twitching and tried to hide it by lifting a hand and giving him a salute before saying smartly, "Aye, aye, captain."

This got me the grooves around his mouth and the crinkles around his eyes before he said, "And you do it without bein' a smartass or the next time your man has your ass bare, he'll smack it."

That made me bite my lip, not doing it because that idea didn't appeal to me, doing it because it did. A lot. A whole lot.

Deacon's eyes dropped to my mouth and I knew he knew what I was feeling when his gaze heated before it lifted to mine, the heat cleared, and he grinned.

"Go get your potting soil, baby," he ordered gently.

"Okay, honey," I replied quietly.

I waited a second for him to move in to me, touch me, dip his head down and brush his mouth against mine again, but he didn't.

His attention went back to the ladders.

So I moved, doing it deciding, even if he wasn't into public displays of affection, I was. Thus, when I moved, I moved in to him, put a hand to his biceps, got up on my toes, and touched my lips to the hinge of his jaw.

As I was rolling back to my feet, his neck twisted, his eyes came down to mine, and I saw he didn't much mind public displays of affection.

I noted that for the future.

Then I smiled at him before I went to get my potting soil and found, luckily, not a pansy had been claimed in my absence.

* * * * *

I stood in the middle of the vast, graveled parking area around the cabins and looked around.

It was brand-new, but the floral beauty I'd given Glacier Lily looked kick-ass.

I grinned to myself as I decided this beauty needed to be shared. Thus I turned and moved quickly up the lane to the house where Deacon was working on the gutters.

Suffice it to say, Deacon wasn't lazy. This being demonstrated not only by the fact that he was at that moment cleaning the gutters, but also when he shouldered me out of the way in order to load the makings of floral beauty into his Suburban before he tied the ladder to the top. Not to mention, he again shouldered me out of the way in order to unload the floral beauty down at the cabins when we got home.

It was now mid-afternoon. We'd both been at it all day, taking a short lunch break to refuel. Now, after he looked at the splendor I'd created at the cabins, I could help him finish up the gutters, though I had no idea how I'd do that, I just knew I would.

When I got to the house, I went in to wash my hands before going back out to find him on whatever side of the house he was working on. But I found him in the kitchen washing his hands.

"Hey," I called, walking into the kitchen and getting his eyes when I did. "You done?"

"Need new gutters, woman."

I stopped, my splendor-joy taking a hit at this news. "Like, everywhere?"

He turned off the taps and grabbed a dishtowel. "No. Though the ten percent that's still good isn't worth keepin', mostly 'cause it's ten percent and would be a bitch to work around."

"Crap," I muttered, moving in to him to get to the tap, Deacon moving out of my way when I did.

"Got 'em clean but they'll leak because the bottoms are corroded," he stated as I washed my hands. "I'll go back to the store and get replacements tomorrow."

So much for us having downtime, this being my plans for tomorrow I had not shared with him. Plans that would include his choice of going somewhere to hike (should badasses hike), going to Gnaw Bone to poke around the shops and have lunch (in the unlikely event badasses shopped, though I knew they had lunch), or staying home and having a sex-a-thon (something I figured badasses would do, which was good since this was my top choice).

"I'll go with you," I said, turning off the tap, taking the dishtowel he was offering, and deciding to focus on happy things, not the hit my bank account would take from buying new gutters. I looked up into his handsome face. "Wanna see the floral splendor I've created at the cabins?"

His eyes crinkled and he replied, "Sure."

I grinned at him, threw the dishtowel on the counter, and reached out a hand to grab his.

I didn't let go even after we were out of the house and on the lane. We made the short journey silently but did it holding hands so it was a journey I enjoyed more than usual.

I stopped him in the middle of the parking area.

"What do you think?" I asked.

"Looks great, Cassie," he answered, his head turning, taking it all in.

I did the same.

He was right. It did look great. I was getting good at this stuff. A month, two, the window boxes and planters would be a riot of color and greenery.

I squeezed his hand and looked up to him, seeing him tip his chin to look down at me.

"This is the most awesome place in the universe," I whispered when I caught his eyes.

His hand in mine tugged slightly so I'd move closer to him, something I did. But when he got me there, that was it. He didn't dip down to kiss me. He didn't drop my hand to slide his arm around my shoulders.

He just agreed, "Yeah, it is."

I'd take that, especially since his eyes were telling me he really meant it.

I leaned in to him, resting some of my weight against his arm.

"You done?" he asked my earlier question.

"Yep," I answered, because I was, for then. I usually did the flowers for the house after I got the cabins done.

"Good," he muttered and moved. Pulling at my hand to move me with him, he headed us toward the lane.

Apparently, Deacon was done drinking in floral splendor at Glacier Lily.

Well, at least he walked down with me and shared his approval. That was something Grant wouldn't do in a million years.

These were my thoughts as I felt my hand tugged again, taking me off my path toward the house and on the path that led up to cabin eleven.

My eyes lifted to Deacon, who was walking a pace in front of me so I only saw his profile, but his gaze was fixed to the cabin that had been "home" to him for six years.

I had a funny feeling about this.

Funny as in good.

"Deacon-" I started.

He cut me off, "Quiet, Cassie."

I fell silent.

Deacon walked us up the steps, across the porch, and to the door. There, he let my hand go to dig in his pocket and pull out the key to cabin eleven, something he'd clearly purloined since I left him to the gutters. He opened the door, grabbed my hand again, pulled me in, and closed the door behind us, locking it.

He shoved the key in his pocket as he hauled me through the living room area into the short hall then into the front bedroom.

My heart was beating hard as he kept moving, straight to the bed. A bed I knew, since I'd cleaned that cabin after he left, was the bed he used when he'd stayed.

He sat on the side of the bed, using his hand in mine to move me so I was standing between his spread legs.

That was when my breath started catching.

It didn't get any better when he let my hand go and watched his hands span my hips over my jeans.

I stood motionless, arms at my sides, heart beating fast, breath coming erratic, eyes on him as he seemed lost in this for long moments, his hands and eyes at my hips.

Finally, he lifted his gaze to mine.

"Six years," he whispered.

Oh God.

My insides melted.

"Deacon-" I began but he interrupted me again.

"Wanted you right here."

I loved that because I'd wanted the same. Though, I'd wanted him at my house, but same thing.

I put my hand to his jaw and leaned down to him. "Well, here I am."

He stared into my eyes, his speaking, words and feelings pouring out of those tawny depths, washing over my skin, and I wondered how I could ever think this man was done with me.

He wasn't done with me.

He wanted to be sitting next to me in an Adirondack chair when he was eighty.

I loved that best of all.

I slid a thumb along his stubbled cheek and said softly, "Baby."

"Gonna fuck you here, Cassie."

"Okay," I agreed readily, tingles sliding up my inner thighs.

"The rest of the day, you naked in this bed with me."

Sex-a-thon it was, just one day early.

"Okay," I repeated, lifting my other hand to curl it around the side of his neck.

"You're gonna sleep beside me in this bed tonight."

My legs now trembling, I had to concentrate on standing, so I just nodded.

"Here," he ordered.

I was already there.

I got more there by leaning in deeper. He fell back and I fell on him at the precise moment I pressed my lips to his. His opened, my tongue slid inside, and he rolled me.

Then we kissed. Hands roaming, tongues dancing, lips drinking, bodies pressing, fingers gliding through hair, making out like that was all we were ever going to get and that was okay for the both of us.

Until it was no longer okay for Deacon. I knew this when he slid his fingers into my tee and started pulling it up.

I lifted my arms. He rolled off me and pulled the tee free.

He didn't bend back to me.

Or not my mouth.

He bent to my chest.

And it began.

It wasn't fucking.

No.

Far from it.

It was worshiping.

Me worshiping Deacon, but more, Deacon worshiping me. Divesting me of my clothes like he was unwrapping a gift he knew was precious and wanted to prolong the anticipation. Touching me everywhere. Tasting me everywhere. Trailing, brushing, licking, grazing...all over.

And giving, giving with the sensations he caused and the feeling behind them, and giving with offering me the opportunity to do the same.

By the time he rolled me to my back, spread my legs, and his hips fell in between, I needed him with a need that was like your need for food. Oxygen. Warmth in winter. Water in the desert.

And Deacon kept giving, blazing eyes to mine, showing he felt that same need, hand gliding into my hair, all this as he slid his cock inside me slow and sure, right to the root, filling me.

"Baby," I breathed, lifting my knees and taking more of him, wanting it all, all I could get from Deacon, needing it.

"You're here," he whispered.

God, he'd wanted that, and if it could be believed, he'd wanted it more than me.

"I'm here," I whispered back.

"I'm inside."

Oh yes, he'd wanted this.

Badly.

I lifted my hand to his jaw, different but still vital emotions surging through me, and nodded. "You're inside, honey."

He dipped his head so his face was close, starting to move in and out slowly, and he did this speaking.

"I'm away, Cassie, do not ever doubt this is precisely where I'd rather be."

He didn't want me to worry.

He didn't want me to hurt.

He wanted me to know he wanted this, had wanted it for six years, and was happy he had it.

God.

I was right about taking a chance on Deacon and knowing that felt great.

I lifted my knees higher, slid my hand from his jaw into his hair, and replied, "Okay, Deacon."

He kept moving, slow and steady, giving it to me but keeping it from me, still speaking.

"Seated deep inside you, listenin' to you yammer while you pick plants, sittin' beside you on a porch, however it comes from you, that's where I want to be."

I liked that...a lot, but the need we'd built was growing with his movements, pushing everything else away but the demand to slake it.

"Faster, baby," I panted, swinging my calves in at his back.

He went faster, not much, still steady.

"You hear me?" he asked.

"Yeah," I gasped as he went even faster, his hand gliding down to curl around my breast, thumb circling the nipple. My hips jerked and my lips begged, "Faster, honey."

"Fuck, you like my dick," he growled approvingly.

"Yeah," I whimpered, my other hand gliding down his spine to clench his tight ass. "I like all of you."

"Fuck," he growled again, the sound coming from his gut, rumbling into my sex, and a moan slid up my throat.

"Harder, Deacon."

His lips came to mine. "You got it, Cassie."

Then he kissed me and gave it to me harder, faster, slamming into me until I cried my orgasm against his tongue. He released my mouth and let me ride it as he rode me, face now pressed in my neck until his head snapped back, his cock ground in, and he grunted his release as I watched with hazy, satisfied fascination as it moved over his beautiful, hard, striking features.

I lost that beauty when he dropped his head to press his forehead to my neck but I held him close as we both settled, taking our time, staying connected, as we let it drift away.

I knew when it left Deacon, because when it did, he gave me more.

"Dream come true, seated deep inside you in this bed."

I closed my eyes tight and ordered, "Stop it. I have floral splendor and clean but decrepit gutters and I just had a fantastic orgasm. I'm not in the mood to cry."

He lifted his head, kept some of his weight braced into a forearm in the bed while he framed one side of my face with his big hand. I knew with one look in his eyes he wasn't in a teasing or bantering mood.

"Six years, laid in this bed, you up at the house, wantin' this." I pressed my lips together and stared in his eyes. "Dream come true."

"Okay," I forced out, the word sounding choked because it was. "Now I'm crying."

And I was. I felt the tear slide out the side of my eye just as I felt Deacon catch it with the pad of his index finger.

"Don't give a fuck if it's three weeks or thirteen," he declared. "You don't hear from me, do not ever doubt where I want to be."

God, I hoped it was never thirteen weeks.

I didn't share that.

I said, "Same goes for you."

He stared at me, right in the eyes, something working in his that was part what he was giving me, part something I didn't understand.

I waited.

He shared no further. Just bent to touch his mouth to mine, pulled out, rolled off, moving me with him so I ended up on top.

"You wanna clean up?" he asked when he got us in our new position, both his hands now at my head, fingers moving against my temples to dry the moisture there.

"Yeah," I said and it was croaky so I took a shuddering breath to get it together. "But I don't provide towels, only sheets. So I'm gonna have to go to the house to get a washcloth. And I also don't offer toilet paper, so I'll get some of that too."

His arms curved around me and tightened. "I'll go to the house."

I shook my head. "No, it's okay. I'll grab some munchies and my phone charger, seeing as the resident badass has decreed we're spending the night in cabin eleven and my battery is low."

The grooves around his mouth deepened but his arms didn't loosen.

"I'll get food and your charger too."

"It's okay, Deacon."

"Did I say you're naked in this bed for the rest of the day?"

I suppressed a smile and replied, "Yes."

"So who's goin' to the house?"

The smile broke through. "You."

He gave me another squeeze on his, "Yeah. Me."

I bent my head to kiss him lightly then lifted it, muttering inanely, "Rethinking my decision to provide towels."

"Don't. Unnecessary hassle for you."

That quick, firm advice got him a grin.

That grin faded when I informed him, "Just so you know, gotta keep my phone close, honey, just in case one of my customers needs me."

He tilted his head slightly on the pillow and asked, "That happen a lot?"

I shrugged, lifting a hand so I could stroke his jaw with my thumb, mostly because I couldn't stop myself from touching him, and gleefully because I didn't have to try. "Currently, don't have any demanding renters. But it's not unusual."

"And those demands are?" he prompted when I gave no detail.

I settled more fully on him and shared, "Well, usually it's when they don't read the terms and conditions and think there are towels, toilet paper, daily maid service, laundry onsite, crap like that. And that only happens when they first get here and find out that stuff isn't provided." My eyes wandered to the pillow and I went on, "Though, next up for Glacier Lily, gonna build an outbuilding and have a coin-op washer and dryer so I don't have to deal with that part. When that's done, I'll build my gazebo."

"Gazebo?' he asked and I looked back at him.

"Last big dream for Glacier Lily. A big gazebo by the river with chairs in it for folks to sit, relax, drink in the view."

"Can you afford that?"

"I'm gonna refinance the property," I answered. "Roll the second mortgage in with money to pay back my dad and-"

I said no more because I found myself suddenly and surprisingly on my back with Deacon looming over me.

"You haven't paid back your dad?"

I felt my brows drawing together, remembering I'd told him about that but confused as to why he had a dark look on his face all of a sudden. "No. He won't accept installments and-"

"And you got a loan from the bank?"

"Well, yeah, Deacon," I replied. "All the work I did on the cabins cost some cake."

"And you got a loan from the bank to pay for it."

I stared at him and repeated slowly, "Well...yeah."

"Woman, don't do that again."

This was quick and firm too, it was also surprising.

"Why?"

"Banks suck."

"Perhaps," I allowed. "But they're a necessary evil. And anyway, I didn't promise them my firstborn child," I pointed out.

Again, Deacon wasn't in the mood for teasing or banter.

"Cassidy, listen to me, the economy was in the toilet for years. So bad, every time I came here, did it uneasy, hopin' you were still in business, ridin' a wave the rest of the country was not and keepin' your head above water."

God.

Deacon.

I wondered if it would ever stop coming to me, his moments of sweet and how deep they ran.

I wondered, but hoped it didn't.

"Straight up miracle you did," he kept at me. "You didn't, you get in too deep with the bank and your shit gets messy, they can take it all and you walk away with nothing."

"That won't happen."

"You don't think it will until it does," he stated and his words made me still underneath him. "You worked too fuckin' hard on this place not to enjoy the goodness you created. Do not put that in jeopardy."

"Did that happen to you?" I asked cautiously.

"What?" he asked back.

"Did you lose something to the bank?"

His head cocked to the side. "Fuck no. Never owned property in my life and definitely never had a loan."

That was intriguing, but I didn't have time to get into it, he wasn't done talking.

"I just know that shit goes down and it sucks. But if that shit happened to you with what I've watched you put into this place the last six years, it would do more than suck."

He was not wrong.

He was also still not done.

"You refinance only if you're gettin' a better rate, you roll that second mortgage into it but you don't borrow more to build the laundry or a gazebo. You don't do those at all until you got the cash to pay for it or I got a good amount of time at Glacier Lily to put them up for you."

Again, there was a lot there, all of it we had to go over, and I decided to start with the part that interested me most.

"You'll put them up for me?"

"Yeah."

"Uh, how are you gonna do that, Deacon? We're not talking cleaning gutters here."

I saw a veil slide over his features. He didn't shut down, but he still shut me out.

He did this further by answering simply, "Got the skills."

I took a moment to decide whether to push that or not.

In that moment I saw his expression remain veiled and we'd just shared something beautiful. I didn't want to do anything to mar that, like push it when he wasn't ready. So I let that go.

"The laundry would be a very nice added service," I told him. "That's probably the biggest request I get. There's a Laundromat in town but people don't like to schlep their stuff to town. And those coin-op machines cost a whack to use. It would pay for itself."

"It could also start payin' for itself when you can pocket that shit, not you earnin' back what you put into it, givin' it away, takin' more time to do that since you're payin' interest on what you borrowed."

He was again not wrong and this was sounding familiar.

"My dad would say that," I told him.

"See your dad isn't the scarecrow either," he replied and I grinned.

"No, he isn't."

"No increase on your loan, Cassidy," he ordered.

"You're being bossy again, Deacon," I returned, my grin dying, my decision not to mar this beautiful moment in cabin eleven suddenly forgotten. "Even if you do me the huge favor of building it for me, I have to pay you something and buy materials."

"Pay me?" he asked, his tone weirdly incredulous.

"Yes," I answered, my tone understandably determined.

"Pay me," he repeated, but it wasn't a question this time. It was an opportunity for me to take back what I said.

"Yes, Deacon. You wouldn't be cleaning out gutters; you'd be building a building."

At that, he looked to the pillow and told it, "She's naked in my bed in eleven, my cum leakin' outta her," his eyes came back to mine, "so this conversation ends here."

"We should get this straight," I pointed out, because we should. Relationships crashed and burned after arguments about money and I didn't want that for ours.

"We can do that when you're not naked with my cum leakin' out of you in my bed in cabin eleven," he returned.

I sighed because he was right.

Deacon decided it was time to move on.

"What food you want me to bring?"

"The Red Hot Blues and the hummus," I answered immediately and his lips started curving up. "And a bottle of red wine. And glasses. And whatever you want to drink, though you're welcome to wine. And the rest of the pie. We'll use the forks and plates in the kitchen."

"See I'm gonna be makin' more than one trip," he muttered.

"I could help you," I noted.

He pressed deeper into me. "You could. You aren't. You're gonna be lazy because, woman, trust me, you're gonna need your energy."

I squirmed under him at that promise and instantly acquiesced, "I'll stay here."

His lips curved up again and he replied, "Good call."

"Though, I'm kinda hungry and I'm also leaking."

"Right," he murmured, taking my hint. He bent in, touched his mouth to mine, then said, "I'll go."

Then he went, sliding off me and rolling off the bed.

I switched positions to get under the covers.

When I had the covers up over my breasts and Deacon was pulling on his clothes, I called, "Honey?"

He kept his side to me, his hands doing up the buttons of his jeans, but he slid his eyes my way. "Yeah?"

"Hurry."

At my word, his face darkened and he turned to me, bending deep. Putting a fist on the bed and one hand to my cheek, he bent deeper and took my mouth in a long, hot, wet kiss. When he released my mouth, he touched his lips to my forehead in a short, sweet kiss.

Then he straightened away, pulled on his tee, sat on the side of the bed to yank on his boots, and took off.

And with the amount of time it took him to get back, I knew he didn't waste any.

* * * * *

Deacon

Hours later, in the quiet dark, Deacon lay in the bed he'd lain in many times before, this time doing it feeling Cassie's soft body tucked to his side, her arm draped over his stomach, her cheek pressed to his chest, listening to her breathing.

All those times before, and more when he was on the road and away from Glacier Lily, he'd dreamed of this too.

I hope you know what you're doing, asshole, he thought.

But he knew he had no clue.

He just knew he couldn't stop doing it.

On that thought, he pulled her closer and closed his eyes.

Chapter Ten

Badasses Can Compromise

"They're my gutters, Deacon."

"You paid for the ladder, Cassidy."

"So, it's my ladder too. Or are you gonna take it with you on your next job?"

It was the next morning, after sex in cabin eleven, a shower in cabin eleven (something else that made Deacon and my dreams come true in spectacular ways, though, these didn't end in tears, only moans-me, and groans-Deacon) and coming back to the house to have breakfast (eggs and bacon for Deacon, made by me, but I had oatmeal).

We were dressed and almost out the door when Deacon checked his wallet then said he needed to go upstairs to get some money.

I told him he didn't.

He told me he did.

More words were said.

This brought us to now.

"We're havin' words, woman, don't make yours sarcastic," Deacon returned, his voice getting growly and not in the good way.

But he was right. There was no need for that, ever.

"You're right," I conceded. "But the point is still valid."

"I'm eatin' your food, sleepin' under your roof, and buyin' your gutters," he declared.

I got his point.

I just didn't agree with it.

"You're also putting them up."

"Yep. I'm doin' that too," he confirmed.

"Deacon-"

He cut me off to ask, "Fuck, can you argue about anything?"

The answer to that question was yes.

I didn't give him that answer.

I asked, "Can't you see where I'm coming from?"

He stated the obvious. "No."

I moved closer to him, taking away a foot of the four that separated us in my foyer.

"I'm uncomfortable with allowing you to pay for something that expensive."

"They're not expensive," he returned. "And I'm uncomfortable with a woman keeping me."

I leaned back in surprise.

"I do my bit," Deacon finished.

"Your bit is putting them up."

"How about I decide what my bit is, not my woman deciding for me."

It occurred to me right then that we'd hit the Badass Zone, a zone that was not simply the un-capitalized badass zone I was normally in with Deacon. A zone that needed capitalization. A zone I'd never been in. A zone I realized belatedly was a zone where I should tread cautiously.

So I did that.

"On a scale of one to ten, how important is this?" I queried.

"Me doin' my bit so I don't feel like you're keepin' me?" he asked.

"Yes," I answered.

"Eighty-five."

I took in a deep breath and let it out suggesting, "How about you pay for the groceries when we go to the store?"

His brows snapped together in a way that I'd never seen from him before.

It was a way that was a little scary.

"Are you shittin' me?" he bit out.

"Uh..." I trailed off, thinking the answer to that was yes, even when it was no.

"When I take another job, after it's done, am I comin' back here?" he demanded to know.

"I hope so," I replied.

"And when I take a job after that, where do you want me to be when I'm done?"

His point was dawning on me.

"Here," I answered.

"Here in cabin eleven, me payin' to be there, or here in this house with you?"

My tone softened. "Obviously here in this house, honey."

"Now, do you see where I'm comin' from?" he pushed.

"How about we go halfsies?" I suggested.

Deacon looked to the ceiling.

I took that as a no.

"It was just a suggestion," I muttered.

He looked back to me. "You want diamonds and pearls, you got it. You want to fly to Paris, I'll have to swing a passport, but I'll do it and you got that too. You want anything and I got it in me to give it to you, I'll give it to you. But that is not this. This is day-to-day, give and take, me takin' care of you, you takin' care of me. I get you got it in you to take care of yourself. You showed me that for six years. What you gotta get is that, if we want this to work, you gotta budge on that and give me my shot at doin' it 'cause I'm the type of man who's got that in me in a way there is no other way I can be."

His words made me feel warm and squishy, but this conversation was too important to leave it at that.

"I can do that," I allowed. "But there has to be compromise."

"Yeah, I suck at cooking mostly 'cause I hate that shit. You're fuckin' great at it. You take that on, after years of fast food, I'll be eternally grateful and put up new gutters on every fuckin' cabin at Glacier Lily."

"It seems I get more out of that than you do."

"Obviously you haven't eaten garbage for ten years."

This was again intriguing.

And again, Deacon didn't give more.

I didn't push it.

I gave in.

"All right. You pay for the gutters but only if you let me help you put them up and on the added condition that if something like this ever comes up again, we have a discussion. You don't catapult me into the Badass Zone, take over, and make the decisions for both of us."

"The Badass Zone?"

"A zone you live in constantly. A zone I live in when I'm with you. It becomes capitalized and I visit it when you establish badass boundaries, so, FYI, it's the zone we're in right now."

A smile spread on his face even as his lips ordered, "Here."

"See?" I stated, lifting a hand to point at his mouth. "Badass Zone."

He crossed his arms on his chest.

"Just to say," I continued, dropping my hand. "I'm not only argumentative, I'm ornery and stubborn. If you want to have a badass stand-off, I should warn you, as badass as you are, there's still a very good chance you'll lose."

I finished my declaration on a startled cry because Deacon lunged, nabbed my hand, and stepped back, sending me sailing into him. I was still dealing with colliding with his long, hard frame when his arms wound around me and his mouth crushed down on mine.

He kissed me with tongue and he did it deep.

When he lifted his head, he murmured, "Funny, feels like winning."

And again, he was not wrong.

* * * * *

"Okay, Milagros," I said into the phone. "See you later."

"Hasta luego, Cassidy," she said back then I heard her disconnect.

I put the phone down on the arm of my Adirondack chair and tangled my feet with Deacon's on the railing.

Deacon didn't object.

I fought the grin that caused and asked, "You cool with dinner tomorrow at Milagros and Manuel's?"

"Said I was when you asked me when you were talkin' to her," Deacon noted.

"Yes, but I was talking to her when I asked," I replied. "Now's your chance to get out while you can."

"It'll be good, Cassie."

I had a feeling it would.

I also had a feeling it wouldn't.

That was because everything with Deacon was turning out good.

But Milagros and Manuel meant the world to me and there was no way Deacon could sit at their table and be Deacon. I knew this when he introduced himself as Priest.

And you didn't lie to your friends.

Resolutely turning my mind from that to the bright side, I was right, astoundingly right, gleefully right.

Working alongside your man was fun.

Okay, not fun but it was still awesome.

I knew this because I helped Deacon install my gutters. It wasn't done but we had three sides of the house completed.

He didn't talk while he worked, I didn't either, but working side by side getting something that needed done done felt great.

"Warning," he stated, taking me from my thoughts. "There'll come a time, and soon, when you'll be entering Badass Zone again. This being when I talk to you about the state of your shingles."

I grabbed my beer, brought it to my mouth, and before taking a sip, murmured, "Noted."

"You got leaks?" he asked.

"Not that I know of," I answered.

"Miracle," he muttered.

I grinned at the trees as I put my beer back to the arm of the chair.

"Want dinner?" I asked.

"I could eat," he answered.

I untangled my feet from his, put them to the deck, pulled myself out of the chair, and moved to the side of his.

I bent over him and the only movement he made was tipping his head back to catch my eyes.

"Then you'll eat," I said softly before I leaned in deeper and touched my mouth to his.

His eyes were warm when I pulled away.

My insides were warm when I went inside to start dinner.

* * * * *

I came hard and loud, crying, "Oh my God," as it burned through me, doing this digging my heels into Deacon's back.

Still coming, I felt his mouth leave me but immediately felt him thrust two fingers inside. My sex spontaneously clutched his fingers as he kept thrusting and I kept coming.

Finally, it started moving from me. I came up on my elbows to look down my body to see the third hottest vision I'd seen in my life (the first was Deacon coming, the second was Deacon breathing). This being Deacon up on a forearm between my legs, face hot, eyes hungry, fingers fucking me, my legs still over his broad, muscled shoulders.

"Not done. Want you again, Cassie. You're up for it, gonna take it. You're not, say now," he rumbled.

"I, uh...going down on me?" I asked for clarification through panting breaths.

"Yeah."

"I...uh..."

"Say now," he ordered.

"Uh..."

"Time's up," he growled then I watched him dip his face back to me (this instantly taking over the spot of third hottest vision I'd ever seen) but I only got a second before his mouth hit me even as he kept thrusting with his fingers. My head dropped back. I dug my heels in and my hips surged into his mouth.

"Yes," I breathed.

His fingers thrust harder and his mouth clamped over my clit and sucked deep.

The answer to his question was yes, I was up for it.

But I told him that in his language.

Without words.

* * * * *

"Fuck."

"Deacon."

"Fuck."

"Deacon!" I cried out, slamming down on him and grinding in just as he bucked his hips up, his fingers digging in to the flesh at my hips, holding me to him as he dug his head in the pillow and I threw mine back, holding fast to his wrists so I didn't topple backwards and lose him as my orgasm overwhelmed me.

"Ride my cum," he grunted through his climax, his fingers still digging in but pulling me up. I didn't think I had it in me, but I went back to moving on him, taking him fast and deep. "Fuck. Yeah," he groaned as I reared on his cock.

I was losing it, carried away by the sensations, when his thick voice came back.

"Stop, baby."

I slid down until he filled me and fell forward, giving him all my weight, pressing my forehead into his neck.

He glided one hand to my ass, wrapping the other arm around my back.

We did nothing but breathe for a while.

"Best lay, bar none," he stated, his voice still gruff.

With the competition, that was quite a compliment.

"You too," I breathed into his neck, still not fully recovered.

"I didn't just ride you until your pussy exploded. You did that to my dick. Fuck, watchin' all that beauty go wild, takin' my cock, enough to undo a man. Add that cunt so wet and tight...Jesus."

I loved his words. They weren't flowery, but they said a lot from a man like Deacon.

Still, I lifted my head to look down at him, sliding my hand up to curl it where his neck hit his shoulder, and I told him quietly, "You know, you're beautiful too."

He moved a hand up my back before it left me so he could sift his fingers into one side of my hair, and he used it to pull me closer.

"I've looked in a mirror, Cassie. Know I'm not ugly. But you could be in magazines."

"Deacon," I whispered, not knowing what else to say because what he said was so sweet, there was no way to return that sweetness.

Just feel it.

"No shit," he stated.

"I'm too short to be a model," I remarked for no reason but to say something.

"Then they're dumb fucks and I'm a lucky one seein' as that means you're sittin' on my cock, your tits pressed to my chest, your beauty in my face, and you're not all that with some movie star."

I pressed closer even as I demanded, "Stop being sweet."

His hand in my hair gave my scalp a squeeze as his eyes lit and he muttered, "I'll try."

"You're so lying," I accused.

That was when I got the grin, a grin that told me he was so lying.

I hid my happy smile by dropping my head and kissing the base of his throat.

When I did, he kept my face there by sliding his hand to the back of my head and pressing in.

"You wanna clean you up or you want me to do it?" he asked gently.

"Me," I answered softly.

"Go and come back to me."

Come back to me.

That I could do.

I lifted up again, touched my mouth to his, and then went and came back to him, but I snatched the tee from the floor that he'd changed into after showering when we were done with the gutters. I tugged it on before I slid into bed at his side.

Deacon immediately curled an arm around me and positioned me where he always positioned me when we were settling in to go to sleep, tucked to his side. This was how we started the night. We could wake up in any position, him curled into my back, me curled into his, him pressed to my side, arm resting on my belly, breaths stirring the hair at my temple.

It was something I was discovering made me look forward to mornings, waking up and seeing how we gravitated to each other unconsciously, always close, tucked together.

I wondered what tomorrow would bring as Deacon got me where he wanted me, reached, and turned out the light.

Apparently, it was time to go to sleep.

After three magnificent orgasms, I was okay with that.

But as I lay beside Deacon, listening to his breathing and knowing from growing experience that he'd quickly fall into sleep, suddenly, I got tense.

And just as suddenly, I blurted, "I'm worried about dinner with Milagros and Manuel."

I felt his arm tighten around my back and he did this so he could shift me more on his body and pull me up so we were face to face in the dark.

"Talk to me," he urged.

I settled in to him, his words settling something in me because I was finding that response was pure Deacon.

"You have to lie to them. So do I," I shared.

"Why?" he asked and my head jerked. "Haven't lied to them yet, don't need to do it tomorrow."

This surprised me.

"You don't?"

"No."

"But you told them you're John Priest."

"You wanna look at it a certain way, I am."

I was again confused. "What way is that?"

"He's made up but he's still me."

I thought I got it.

Still.

"That's pushing it, Deacon," I said quietly.

"It isn't, seein' as, if this works out, there'll come a time when he's gonna be me."

That hadn't occurred to me.

"Really?"

"Yeah, Cassie. I leave that life behind, I leave Deacon behind."

"So should I just call you Priest?"

"Absolutely not."

His tone was so severe I felt my body get stiff in response to it.

Deacon felt it too, rolled into me, and took me to my back with him partly on me.

"I need to give Deacon to you," he said, his voice gentling.

"Okay," I said back, again not getting it.

"You're bein' sweet, you're bein' ornery, you're ridin' my dick, you're doin' all that with Deacon."

"Could you explain that further?" I requested.

"No, 'cause I don't get it either."

Foiled.

Time for a new tack.

"Are you in acquisitions?" I asked.

"Yeah."

"Okay, now are you going to explain that to me?"

"Baby," he said softly, dipping his face closer so I could see him in the moonlight, his hand coming up to rest against the side of my head. "Like I said, that world I live in doesn't touch you. That includes you knowin' fuck all about that world."

"But I wanna know you."

"You know me," he declared.

I shook my head. "I don't and won't if you don't give more to me."

"Those tears leak out of your eyes in my bed in cabin eleven for a man you don't know?"

God. He was annoying.

Because he was again right.

I decided not to answer.

He knew my answer anyway and went on, "You know me, Cassie. You believe in me. You wouldn't be right here wearin' my tee if you didn't."

Again he was right.

Again I said nothing.

Deacon kept speaking.

"I told you I believe in what I do. That's part of you believin' in me, believin' that I'm doin' what I need to do. But, baby," he got even closer, his voice dipping lower, "I don't want you knowin' what goes down in that world. I want you livin' in the splendor of Glacier Lily, worrying about gutters and gazebos, and not tainted with that shit."

This did not sound good at all.

Still, it was part of him and I wanted him.

All of him.

So I informed him, "I can hack it."

"You can't," he informed me.

"I can," I reiterated.

All of a sudden, his mood turned heavy and his voice got hard. "You can't, Cassidy."

That didn't sound good, either.

Not at all.

And I was sensing it was time again to tread cautiously.

That said, I still had to tread. My future with the man I was falling in love with depended on it.

"You're still gonna have to give more of you to me," I said carefully.

"I will."

"Starting now," I warned.

"Give it to me," he invited.

"Okay, when's your birthday?"

"You're into that shit and need to celebrate, pick a month, make it in fall, and we'll be good."

Was he being serious?

"You're not gonna tell me?"

"Can trace a man with a name and a birthdate, woman."

He was being serious and the way he was doing it I didn't like all that much.

"So, what you're saying is, I'm never gonna know you."

"Man you could know is dead," he returned brusquely. "A man's dead, no use knowin' him."

"Right, are you gonna explain that?"

He didn't speak.

It was safe to say my mellow post-three-orgasms mood was escaping me.

"But you want me to have Deacon," I pointed out. "And that's you."

"Your Deacon is not the Deacon I used to be. He's just yours, nobody else's."

Something about that freaked me.

"I take it you're not gonna explain that either," I noted.

"Nothin' to explain, what I said said everything you need to know."

"I'm not liking this," I shared.

"You like my mouth between your legs?" he asked.

My body tightened and I returned sharply, "That's not the point."

"Answer me."

"You know I do." My voice was getting snappy.

"You like workin' beside me on your house?"

I said nothing but I knew he'd read me.

He did and thus he kept going.

"You gotta bake a cake, I'll eat it. Happily. Do it on September fourteenth. I'll accept a blowjob as a present but nothin' else, only need to wake up with you in the morning and bed down with you at night. And I'm not shittin' you about that, settin' you up for me gettin' pissed because you didn't buy me anything. Special occasions are about the people you spend them with, not about the shit you can get out of them. And while I'm sayin' this, same goes for Christmas. Far's I'm concerned, I get another shot at Christmas with you, or luck out and get fifty of 'em, each one can be like the one we already had, except I sleep beside you, fuck you wakin' up and fuck you again before we go to sleep."

God, he made it hard to be angry at him.

"You wanna know the man I am, I'll tell you," he kept at it. "I'm the man who's gonna take your shit but best you at it so I can at least replace about five square feet of shingles on your roof. But if I'm on my game, I'll be the man replacing the whole roof."

"Deacon-"

"And I'm the man who's gonna work the next week alongside you cleaning out the gutters on your cabins, because if you didn't think to do that to your house, you didn't think to do it to your cabins, and they're probably fucked up too."

"Dea-"

"And I'm the man who's gonna sit beside you at your friends' house tomorrow night and like bein' there 'cause I haven't been around many good people the last ten years. Quick count, there are three."

More not good.

He kept going.

"And I'm gonna get off on bein' at a table with people who bring a woman that means somethin' to them that they're worried about a hot fudge sundae to try and make her happy."

I lifted a hand to his jaw. "Honey-"

"And food's gettin' low so I'm gonna be the man who pays for groceries when we go to the store and I don't give a fuck if you argue with me at the cash register. I'm payin'. You can pay the next go."

It occurred to me he was talking and doing a lot of it so I decided to shut up and listen because he wasn't only talking a lot, he was saying a lot.

"I'm also the man who's gonna eventually have to take a job but I'm gonna do it thinkin' of when I can get back to you, and when it's done, I'm gonna haul ass back to you. And I probably won't sleep or eat while I'm doin' that so you're just gonna have to suck it up, feed me when I get back, fuck me hard like you just did, and let me crash."

I had something to say to that.

"I don't want you to get in an accident."

At that, he dipped his face so close to me, I could feel his breath on my lips.

"Baby, that shit happened, my ghost would come to you."

Oh my God.

Yes, oh yes.

He was saying a lot.

"Now, do you get what kind of man I am?" he asked.

"Yes," I breathed.

"And do you get the kind of man I am for you?"

There was a nuance of difference but he didn't need to explain it.

I got it.

"Yes, honey."

"Right. Now, can I go to sleep?"

"Yes, Deacon."

At that, he kissed me, closed-mouthed and hard, then rolled again, moving me with him and tucking me into his side.

I drew in a deep breath.

Deacon didn't. He just curled me closer when I did and loosened his hold when I let my breath out. A show of support. He was there with me. He knew that was a lot for me to take and he was telling me he was there.

Yes, I knew the kind of man he was for me.

I listened to his breathing even. I did this for a while.

Then I stated, "I still don't want you to get in an accident. I'm not sure ghosts give good head."

Deacon burst out laughing.

Although I loved that sound and that it was me who gave it to him, I lifted my head to look down at his moonlit face, stating through his mirth, "I'm only kind of being funny."

He again pulled me up his chest so we were face to face.

"Here's the deal," he began when his laughter diminished. "I'm done with a job, I'll stop to sleep and eat. It won't be much sleep and it'll be shit food that's fast that I can eat on the road. Happy?"

"So badasses can compromise."

"Jesus, I'm wiped and now I gotta rally in order to spank you," he told the ceiling.

"You don't have to do that," I replied quickly, though only because I was tired too and I was pretty certain another orgasm might kill me.

His eyes came to mine. "What'd I say about being a smartass?"

"It's a part of me," I pointed out.

"It's a part of you that's gonna get you a red ass."

"Please don't. I think another orgasm tonight might kill me."

I gasped as his hand darted out, curled around the back of my head, and pulled me to within an inch of his face.

"There it is, Cassidy, you know me," he said, his voice heavy with meaning.

"Sorry?"

"We haven't played, we haven't even discussed playing, and you know I do that shit to you, it comes with an orgasm."

Again.

He was right.

Sheesh.

"Shut up, let me go, and go to sleep," I bossed.

"And I know you because I know you're bein' bossy right now not because you're my Cassie boss, which you are, but because I'm right and you're not willin' to concede because you're fuckin' stubborn."

"I think I prefer silent, speaks with his eyes and actions Deacon."

"Kiss him good-bye, baby, and don't bitch. You opened the floodgates."

"Ugh," I grunted. "Time to build a time machine."

"Stop amusing me and settle in, woman. We got gutters to take care of tomorrow."

We did.

Why did that make me happy?

I didn't let on.

I mumbled, "Oh, all right," shut up, and settled in.

When I did, Deacon's arm around me gave me a squeeze and again, he was right. I knew him.

Because I knew that arm squeeze came along with Deacon smiling.

That also made me happy.

I again didn't let on.

"Now I'm freaked out about us discussing playing," I said to the room.

I heard Deacon's head move on the pillow and I knew it was him digging it in so he could say to the headboard, "Jesus."

"Just saying," I muttered.

"You think I'd ever do anything to you that you wouldn't like?" he asked.

I was an idiot.

"No."

"You got nothing to worry about."

"Okay."

"Now go to sleep."

"Your wish is my command."

That got another arm squeeze, this one I read as amused and annoyed.

It also got another "Jesus."

I was right. I heard it in his tone.

Amused and annoyed.

I grinned at his chest.

"'Night, Deacon."

His body relaxed. "'Night, Cassie."

I snuggled closer.

Deacon's arm grew tighter.

He fell asleep before me.

I fell asleep thinking that I was going to pitch a fit at the cashier when we went to the grocery store.

But only to bust his chops.

Then I was going to let him pay for the groceries.

That said, no way in hell he was buying the shingles.

Chapter Eleven

Better Every Day

"Woman!"

This was shouted through the bathroom door by Deacon.

And I was guessing it was shouted because he was sick of waiting for me to get ready.

This was something I was putting some effort into after being on a roof most of the day helping Deacon with my gutters. Then I helped him with the cabins' gutters. All of this before we went back to the house to clean up before going to Milagros and Manuel's for dinner.

My efforts were going to freak them out. I didn't think they'd ever seen me with makeup and now I had a face that wasn't heavy with it, but I'd given it a light go over with a dewy sheen to my cheeks, accent shadow at my eyes, mascara, and eyeliner. I also had my hair in big curlers that would eventually give it wave and body (or, more wave and body).

It might also freak Deacon out (though I doubted that, not much freaked him).

Even so, I was doing it because I felt like doing it but also because this was Deacon and my first date (in a way) and I felt the occasion warranted it.

What I didn't admit to myself was that I was doing it because Deacon thought I was beautiful just as me and I was wondering how he'd feel when I put a little oomph behind it.

"I'll be ten minutes," I called back.

"Jesus," I heard muttered.

I grinned at the mirror and dabbed more shiny cream blusher on my cheeks to give me more dew.

"You need something to do, unpack!" I yelled. "You're gonna be here awhile, no use living out of a bag on the floor."

This was my way of saying his exploded bag on my bedroom floor was not something I cared for. I wasn't freakishly tidy, but I'd got my foot tangled and tripped over a pair of his jeans when I'd stumbled to the bathroom before dawn and I hadn't enjoyed it.

"Unpack?" he yelled back like that idea was foreign to him.

Then again, it probably was.

"Yes!" I replied on a shout. "Like, you know, taking your clothes out of your bag, hanging what needs to be hung, shoving in a drawer what needs to be shoved in a drawer, and stuffing into the laundry what's not clean."

"Badasses do not unpack," he returned.

I grinned at the mirror again and started to put away my makeup. "Right, then toss your dirty clothes in the laundry and drag your other crap into the closet and leave it on the floor in there!"

"On a scale of one to ten, how important is this to you?" he asked through the door.

Another grin and "Eighty-five!"

I heard his chuckle, liked his chuckle, and lifted my hands to the curlers.

I took the ten minutes I told Deacon I'd take pulling out the curlers and smoothing some gunk through my hair that was supposed to separate and hold that I was surprised hadn't congealed in the possibly two years since I'd used it. I did some teasing, some flipping, and then some spraying.

The results were good so I was grinning again when I spritzed on perfume, looked back to the mirror, and took myself in fully.

I didn't go whole hog with the makeup (though I did with the hair). I also didn't go whole hog with my clothes. But I again made an effort.

I wasn't sure Deacon had seen me in anything but tees, shorts, sweaters, and jeans.

This wasn't a big departure from that, but now I was wearing a long-sleeved, semi-fancy tee. It was a fantastic olive green that did good things to my eyes. It was blousy up top and had a wide neckline so it dipped off a shoulder, exposing the black lacy bra strap underneath (putting on one of the few good pairs of underwear I had was another effort I'd made; the hint at bra strap an indication of goodness to come later for Deacon). The rest of the shirt fit snug at my breasts, ribs and waist, the hemline low, covering me to mid-hip.

The shirt was five years old. I'd always loved it but I hadn't worn it in ages.

I'd paired this with some nice jeans, far less faded than my others. And when I left the bathroom, I was going to add jewelry.

I had some heels, none of which had been out of their boxes for so long they might have disintegrated, though I was afraid to check. But so as not to give Milagros and Manuel heart attacks, I was going to wear some flippies. However, the flippies I was going to wear were going to be the ones I sometimes wore into town, these being the ones with the rhinestones on them.

Satisfied with my efforts, I exited the bathroom and saw Deacon from the side of my eye standing outside the closet. I turned to him and stopped dead.

This was because he was indeed standing outside the closet.

But he was doing it with the velvet ropes I'd bought in a moment of weakness years ago when I was with Grant. A moment of weakness that was born ages ago, when I was seventeen.

Certain my brother had stolen one of my favorite CDs, I'd searched his room and found some magazines under my brother's bed. It was in them that I saw the image. An image that affected me in a way that freaked me out at the time but didn't let go. An image that stayed with me into being an adult when I could process it and psych myself up to explore it.

An image that pushed me to buying those ropes off the Internet and approaching Grant with my idea, to disastrous results.

And they were ropes I saw now I should have thrown away because Deacon had found them where I'd thrown them on the floor in the corner of my walk-in closet and forgotten them. And now he was standing there, holding his hands out in front of him, the ropes draped over them.

I knew without knowing how that he knew what those ropes were for.

And now I knew there was a good possibility he was going to think I was a kinky freak.

His face was impassive. Completely.

I felt my face flush and my throat close, my gaze locked to his.

He spoke first and he did it low, his voice giving nothing away, just like his expression.

"You like to be tied up, Cassidy?"

Oh God. I was right. He knew what they were for and he thought I was a kinky freak.

I felt my stomach churn and forced myself to speak but my voice was weak when it came out. "I bought those when I was with Grant."

"You bought 'em?" he asked.

"Yes."

"For him."

I swallowed and shook my head.

The room filled with something I did not get but it scared the crap out of me.

"For you?" Deacon pressed.

"Yes," I whispered.

His tone had a rough edge I couldn't read when he repeated, "You like to be tied up?"

I didn't answer him.

Instead, I informed him, "It didn't work."

His head tipped slightly to the side but his face still gave nothing away. "It didn't work."

"We only, um...tried them once and Grant didn't know what he was doing. It hurt. He got freaked then pissed and it was...well, not enjoyable."

More bad filled the air when he asked, "It hurt?"

I nodded.

"He hurt you," he stated flatly.

"He didn't know what he was doing," I repeated.

"How'd he bind you?"

Oh God. This was a disaster.

"Do we have to do this?" I asked. "They were only used once. It was just a wild hair I got. I should have thrown them away."

"How'd he bind you, Cassidy?"

I shook my head, guessing as to what was behind his line of questioning. "He's gone and when we tried it, it didn't hurt for long. He untied me and we never tried it again. There's no need to get angry at him. He didn't mean to hurt me and anyway, we've been over for years."

Something moved over his features that, again, I could not read.

"How did he bind you, Cassidy?"

I gave in.

"Like I requested," I said quietly. "Um...on my knees, head down, hands to feet."

That was when he gave me something. His jaw got hard.

"Deacon, it was my idea," I told him quickly. "It was an adventure. Something I got stuck in my head." God, could this be more embarrassing? "It wasn't Grant's fault he didn't know how to do it."

"You bind to the bed," he declared and I blinked.

"Sorry?"

"You don't start out complicated," he explained. "You bind your woman immobile to the bed, see if she can take that, see if she gets off on it, see how much she gets off on it. She comes hard for you, that's when you explore."

Oh my God.

"Have you-?" I began.

"Four women, none of them worked, not for me, 'cause I didn't give a shit about them. But it worked for them."

Oh my God.

I felt my nipples start tingling.

Deacon kept speaking.

"You're ready, you're used to takin' it from me vanilla, you trust me, you make the call. I tie you to the bed and hope like fuck you come hard for me."

"You like it," I said softly.

"Yeah, though never did it with someone who matters so doin' it with you, wildest dreams."

Wildest dreams.

My clit pulsed.

"Is this what you meant about playing?" I asked.

"Part of it."

Just part?

"What're the other parts?"

"There are a lot of other parts."

Could you have an orgasm standing fully clothed six feet from your man?

I had a feeling I was about to find out.

"Give me a for instance," I demanded.

"You like ropes, I bind you. Wrists to feet like you want, ass in the air for me to play with, eat you, fuck your cunt, take your hole, all of that and you won't be able to move."

I swallowed and locked my legs so I wouldn't go down.

He read my reaction from six feet away. I knew it when he whispered, "You want that."

I couldn't agree verbally but I knew my expression gave it away for me.

"Ass play?" he pushed.

I swallowed again.

Grant and I had tried that too. It also hadn't worked. Not because I didn't like it, I did. A lot. But because he got so excited when he took me, he'd come on the second stroke. He'd been humiliated and never tried it again, never even brought it up. Because it mortified him, I didn't either.

Deacon stared at me, the mask slipping, his eyes getting hotter, his face darkening, and finally he spoke.

"Fuck, can you get any better?"

God, that felt good.

"I don't know," I replied.

"I do," he returned. "Face made up, hair like that, a bra I wanna see, every day it gets fuckin' better."

Feelings so beautiful swept through me, I closed my eyes so I could concentrate on their exquisiteness.

"Here," Deacon ordered.

I opened my eyes. "I can't. I'm still freaked about what playing means at the same time processing how magnificent you are."

That was when the mask obliterated and raw suffused his face.

Not raw badness.

Raw goodness.

I gave that to him. Me. All that goodness there for me to read on his face, it was me who gave that to him.

My heart leaped.

"Here," he growled.

My heart stopped leaping and my lips turned down. "Seriously, you're gonna have to stop doing that. You want me, I'm right here."

I said the words and then Deacon was right there. He'd tossed the ropes to the bed and when he made it to me, his hand clutched in my done up hair, his other arm around me holding me snug to his body, face an inch from mine.

"Fuckin' beautiful, but a pain in my goddamned ass," he muttered.

"Same here, Supreme Leader of the Badasses."

"Case in point."

"You're messing up my hair."

"Another case in point."

"Are you gonna kiss me or just stand there, messing up my hair and annoying me?"

He stared into my eyes and changed the subject.

"One woman on the planet who doesn't need makeup, she's you."

I shivered with glee at the compliment but still rolled my eyes to the ceiling and told it, "Now he's messing up my hair and being sweet."

"Don't need it, but you look good in it," he stated.

Totally worth the time to get dolled up.

I looked back at him and bossed, "Stop. I already almost had a spontaneous orgasm and I'm gonna freak Milagros and Manuel out because they've never seen me in makeup, or with a guy for that matter, except you the other day, of course. Which, in case you missed it, freaked them out. Now I'm getting all warm and squishy. They're Mexican. They're Catholic. They don't cuss and I've never seen Milagros show even a hint of cleavage, much less a bra strap. We need to practice decorum."

"We can do that in the truck on the way there."

"Okay, then you need to get a move on with practicing non-decorum so we can get on our way there."

His lips quirked. "Spontaneous orgasm?"

"Like you don't know."

"Binding you to the bed tonight, woman."

I rolled my eyes to the ceiling again even though that caused a full-on tremble. "God, help. He's not listening to me."

"Cassie?"

I looked again to him. "What?"

"Best lay, bar none. Funniest bitch, bar none. Finest woman, bar none. And all of that better every day."

His words made me drop my head and do a face plant in his shirt because I couldn't hold it up anymore. I added my weight because I couldn't stand on my own anymore either.

Deacon slid his hand down to curl it around the back of my neck.

"Can't kiss you with your face in my chest," he noted.

"You shouldn't call women bitches," I whispered.

His body shook with his chuckles, shaking me with it.

It felt beautiful.

I kept whispering when I remarked, "I'm making you happy."

I felt his word stir the top of my hair when he replied, "Yeah."

I closed my eyes.

Now that felt good.

"We need to get on our way, baby," he said into my hair. "Give me a kiss."

I took in a deep breath before I tipped my head back and rolled up on my toes.

Then I gave him a kiss. It was wet and sweet and I knew I was going to remember it my whole life.

When Deacon broke it off, I put in some earrings, clasped on a necklace, slid on a couple of rings, and donned my flip-flops.

After that, Deacon took my hand and off we went to have dinner with my friends.

* * * * *

"Do you play football?"

"No."

"Did you?"

"Do you?"

"Not yet. Papa says I can do Junior Football League next year."

"What position you want?"

"Quarterback."

"Nice."

I sat next to Deacon on Milagros and Manuel's couch, watching this exchange between him and Esteban, thinking he actually was the Supreme Leader of the Badasses. This was mostly because, when we arrived fifteen minutes ago, Esteban started his inquisition and hadn't let up and Deacon had answered every question, but half of them he answered without answering.

"Callate, Estito, with you asking so many questions, Se?or Priest hasn't even been able to take a sip from his beer," Silvia remonstrated.

She wasn't wrong.

"Be nice, mija," Manuel gently rebuked.

Her cheeks got pink, her eyes skittered to Deacon, they got pinker, and she looked to her lap.

Silvia had a crush on my man.

Not surprising.

"John," Deacon's deep voice filled the room and Silvia looked back to him. "Your parents are okay with it, girl, you can call me John."

Silvia's eyes went to her dad. So did mine. Manuel smiled and dipped his chin down.

Silvia looked back to Deacon and said timidly, "Okay, John."

Deacon smiled at her.

Her eyes got huge and then dropped back to her lap.

I swallowed a giggle.

"Cassidy," Milagros said like she was about to make an announcement. Pushing up from the couch across from us that she and Manuel were sitting on, she ended on an order. "Help me in the kitchen."

She needed no help in the kitchen. She needed to give her friend/employer a talking to about this boyfriend-out-of-the-blue business, seeing as all the time she'd spent at the cabins since Deacon returned was time I was with Deacon so she didn't have time to do it before.

I gave big eyes to Deacon, his lit with humor, and I let his hand go (a hand I took; he was back to no PDA, though he did sit close to me on the couch, but this could have been because Esteban wedged himself beside Deacon). I squeezed his thigh then got up and followed Milagros, who was already heading to their tiny kitchen.

Milagros cleaned my cabins and she had two other houses in town she also cleaned. She'd had a business that was going pretty well, it allowed her to work and bring in needed money while the kids were at school, be at home when they got out. Then the recession hit and she lost five clients. That was when she went looking for work and I took her on.

Even though I gave her work and it was work she was good at that she liked because she could do it on her schedule, they were far from rolling in it as their lovely, but small (and especially small for seven people) house attested. Manuel worked as maintenance for some office buildings in Chantelle about thirty miles away. The pay was decent but the commute was a bitch, on time and gas.

But pay had to be freaking awesome to take care of a house and five kids.

Decent meant every penny had to stretch.

They didn't complain. They just worked, did their best with what they had, loved their kids and each other, and were good friends to me.

In other words, they were the bomb and I was fortunate Milagros drove down my lane looking for work, and not because her doing it gave me free time.

What I didn't know was at that moment, in her kitchen, she was going to prove that thought absolutely correct.

She stopped well away from the door and I came to a stop a couple feet in front of her.

I opened my mouth to speak but she got there before me.

"He stays with you." This was an accusation.

"Uh...yeah."

"Querida, you're not married."

I pulled up all my thirty years in the face of a woman who was only a few years older than me but reminded me of my mother on more than one occasion, except scarier.

"No, we're not," I replied firmly.

She held my eyes and nodded sharply, letting that go, and saying, "You're very beautiful and he's staying with you. Which means he doesn't have to pay for a cabin."

I fought back a smile. "You think he's taking advantage of me."

"He doesn't touch you."

Sheesh, she noticed everything.

"He's not into PDA," I explained.

"PDA?"

"Public displays of affection."

Her head cocked to the side as she noted, "This is odd for a man like him."

"Just saying, Manuel isn't into that with you either," I pointed out.

"Of course not, I'm the mother of his children," she said and I was surprised she did that without gasping in shock that I'd suggest such a thing out loud.

Again, I fought back a smile. "Was he into PDA when you met?"

She leaned in to me, holding my eyes, "John Priest is not Manuel Cabrera."

She could say that again. Not that Manuel wasn't attractive and sweet, he just wasn't a huge, hot guy, badass.

She looked to the door then to me and I didn't like the expression on her face when I regained her eyes.

"I have a bad feeling about this, Cassidy."

I didn't like that either.

"Milagros-" I started but she shook her head.

"He's very handsome. He's good with the children. He's respectful. But there's just something..." she paused, took a breath, and finished, "off about him."

At that moment I vowed that my next best friend was going to be blind, deaf, and learning disabled.

I got closer to her. "Honey, he's a good guy."

"You seem certain." This was said in a way that shared she was not.

"I am."

"How?" she demanded to know.

"Because he fixed my gutters."

She leaned back. She got that. I'd been going it alone for a long time, but more, she knew there weren't many men who would fix their new girlfriend's gutters.

"And he thinks I'm the most beautiful woman he's ever seen, and he's told me that," I continued. "Often," I stressed. "He likes my cooking. When he was away the last time, he didn't eat or sleep on his way back and it took two days to get to me."

She pulled in a soft breath at that, but I wasn't done.

"Because he likes sitting on my porch with me. Because he listens to me when I babble and when I say that, I mean he listens to me. Because, when I talk to him about the cabins, he gives good advice. Because, when I have a situation at Glacier Lily-which he was there during what happened a couple of months ago, honey-he's present but he doesn't take over. He lets me run my business and defers to me. Because he knows I can take care of myself but he's made it clear I need to budge on that because the man he is, he can't not take care of me. Because he's beautiful. And because I feel like I conquered the world just when I make him smile, but when I make him laugh, I feel like I could do anything."

"You're falling in love," she said softly.

"Yes," I replied softly.

She held my eyes then did the sign of the cross, put her fingers to her lips, looked to the ceiling, and started talking to God in Spanish.

Since God was multi-lingual, I let her deliver her message, standing there quiet while she did.

Finally, she stopped talking to God and looked back to me.

"If he travels, how can he be there to take care of you at the cabins?"

Suffice it to say I wasn't falling in love with Milagros. I'd fallen, head over heels. Her concern that was based in love and affection was one of the many reasons why.

I got closer, took her hand, and pulled it up between us.

"He does what he does and I have to let him do it. I can take care of myself when he's away and I know you worry, but I can. I have been for six years. But it's nice to know that he'll be back to help me with the gutters. I haven't had that, Milagros, ever. And I really, really like it now that I know just how good it feels."

"And this is okay with him?" she asked. "Leaving you to take care of yourself?"

"No, that's why he bought me pepper spray-four cans -a Taser, a stun gun, and a dog."

Her eyes widened at that. "He bought you the dog?"

She knew about the dog. I just hadn't told her that Deacon got it for me.

"He paid a fortune for a pure breed, wouldn't let me pay him back because he says, if it's something he has to do to feel better about me being safe when he leaves me, I gotta let him do it."

Her gaze drifted to the door again. "Maybe I'm mistaken about him."

I hoped she was.

"He makes me happy," I told her on a hand squeeze and she looked back to me. "He makes me happy in a way I didn't know you could be happy and we're just starting. Now all I'm left with is wondering how much better it can get, and trust me, Milagros, that's what I'm wondering because he's given me absolutely no indication it'll go the other way."

She held my hand fast. "I hope you find out, Cassidy."

I hoped I did too.

I grinned at her and gently shut it down.

"You don't need any help in the kitchen, do you?"

Her brows snapped together in affront. "Of course not. Everything was ready thirty minutes before you knocked on the door."

"Can I set the table?" I requested.

"Done," she denied.

"Fill water glasses?"

"Silvia and Esteban will do that."

"Mop your kitchen floor?" I teased.

"What do you think I did in that thirty minutes before you knocked on the door?" she asked.

I stared at her in shock. "Seriously?"

"You don't have guests with a dirty kitchen floor."

That was when I smiled at her. "You so rock, I wanna be you when I grow up."

"I think you're growing up just fine, being you."

Yep.

I'd fallen for Milagros.

Head over heels.

"Okay, now you're gonna make me cry and that'd be all right normally, but I'm wearing mascara."

Her gaze moved over my face. "I'm uncertain how God feels about painted ladies. I'll ask Padre at mass on Sunday."

"Keep me in that loop."

She rolled her eyes.

I again squeezed her hand. "You need to feed me or I'm gonna pass out."

Her eyes rolled back only to roll again on her "So dramatic."

"No, seriously," I lied.

She let my hand go and declared, "You can do something for me. Go. Tell them to get to the table. Dinner is being served."

"You got it," I muttered and moved toward the door.

I got two strides in before I heard, "Cassidy?"

I looked to my friend.

"Whatever happens, Manuel and I are always here."

I felt my face go soft as my lips tipped up.

"Have I said you rock?" I asked.

"You have," she answered.

"Well, you do," I whispered.

That was when her face got soft.

Then she bustled to the oven.

I strolled out the door.

* * * * *

When we arrived back from dinner at Milagros and Manuel's, I was experiencing such intense conflicting emotions I was surprised I didn't split in half.

On the one hand, I was delighted to know that Deacon was right. Outside my conversation with Milagros in the kitchen, the rest of the evening had gone great. Manuel seemed to warm to Deacon, probably because Deacon had all the time in the world to give attention to the kids who all seemed fascinated with him. After our talk, Milagros either decided to give Deacon the benefit of the doubt or she got better at hiding those doubts. The kids just thought Deacon was the bomb. Since the food was great and conversation flowed, the night was a success.

On the other hand, before we left for dinner, I'd been outed as someone who wanted to try bondage and Deacon had said straight up he was into it, intimated he was good at it, and this meant sex was going to get even more interesting.

I couldn't believe that was even possible.

He'd also said he was going to tie me to the bed that night.

I was excited and I was totally terrified.

So by the time we walked up the steps to my house together, holding hands (this time with Deacon taking my hand), dinner with my friends was not on my mind.

Deacon making me immobile and seeing how hard he could make me come was.

My thoughts consumed with this, I was taken off guard when I let us in and Deacon closed the door, grabbed my purse and keys, tossed them on the registration book, and backed me right into the wall.

Then, in the dim light we left glowing in the foyer, he dipped his face to mine.

"Vanilla."

"Sorry?"

"Woman, you're wound up so tight, it's a wonder you don't snap and ricochet around the room."

I stared at him.

"Do you vanilla," he stated. "You're ready to play, you either say it or find a way to communicate it, then we play. But I'll say this now, when that happens, you might be the one who's takin' what I got to give, but you'll also be the one leadin' it. You get me?"

I got him.

And what he said made me a lot less terrified.

Then again, that was Deacon's way.

"Yes."

"So tonight, vanilla. You sleep on what I said. Find your time. Call it. Or don't. I got what I get from you naked, I'm happy either way."

I was thinking he got better every day too and was about to tell him that when he spoke again.

"You good with that?"

I nodded.

"Right," he muttered. "Time to see if that bra has matching panties. Then take them off."

Before I could utter a noise (or, more aptly, fully experience the quiver in my nether regions), he pulled away but dipped low, hit me in the belly with his shoulder, hefted me up, and carried me up the stairs.

An hour and a half and three orgasms later, I had further proof "vanilla" with Deacon was magnificent.

I still was looking forward to "play."

Chapter Twelve

Life Was Sweet

The next day, late afternoon, after gutter work at the cabins all day (thankfully, the previous owners took better care of their cabins than their house, meaning the gutters had been cleaned sometime in the last decade; regretfully, some of them were in a sorry state and needed replacing), I was standing in the cereal aisle of the grocery store with Deacon.

I had grabbed my oatmeal and was perusing the other selections, bored with oatmeal and wanting to give some excitement to my mornings, not to mention giving Deacon time to pick whatever he wanted, when I asked, "Why is cereal so freaking expensive?"

I received no answer.

Then again, this had no answer since Deacon probably didn't know.

I still looked his way, or what I thought was his way, except when I looked that way he was not there.

I turned my head the other way to see if he'd gone back down the aisle.

No go. He wasn't in the aisle with me.

Damn the man!

Teeth clenched, I put my hands to the cart, pushed, rounded the aisle, and found him four feet into the next one.

I shoved the cart in, stopped, planted my hands on my hips, and as his head turned my way, I declared, "Fruit stand."

He smiled, big and white, the grooves around his mouth deep, the crinkles at his eyes fanning out.

"Do not give me that hot guy smile I'm thrilled beyond belief I'm able to give you, Deacon Deacon," I snapped. "We had a badass/ornery chick understanding."

"I was an aisle away, woman," he pointed out.

"Fruit stand," I returned.

"You want me to make the only meal I know how to make that's any good?" he asked.

"A break from cooking would be welcome," I said by way of answer.

"Then I need to be in this aisle to get the shit."

"Is your recipe a secret that you'll have to kill me if I discover the ingredients therefore I cannot be with you when you get them?"

He didn't reply, but he did smile again.

I kept going.

"Don't take this as me being a clingy, psycho girlfriend. I'm not a clingy, psycho girlfriend. I'm a talker. I talk. A lot. And it makes me feel stupid when I say something and find out I'm saying it to no one."

His smile faded and he said quietly, "Point taken, Cassie."

"Good. Now, is there any cereal you want in the house?"

He shook his head.

"Right," I continued. "Carry on with your selections."

I pushed the cart around him but didn't get past him when an arm hooked around my belly and I was stopped.

I could feel Deacon's heat at my back and his lips at my ear where he asked, "You my girlfriend?"

"Yes, just not the clingy, psycho variety, though I am the ornery, stubborn variety," I replied and just got it out when his arm gave me a tight squeeze.

He liked that (well, the part about me being his girlfriend, he liked, though I had a feeling he liked the ornery and stubborn bits too).

He didn't say it out loud, but he said it.

He let me go and turned back to the shelves.

But I liked what he said but didn't say.

So I headed to where I needed to be, five feet away, where the canned diced chiles were located, and I did it smiling.

* * * * *

I sat with beer in hand resting on the arm of my Adirondack chair, Deacon beside me, our bare feet up on the railing and tangled, the only sounds in the gathering dusk those of the river rushing by.

In other words, life was sweet.

"Seriously, I've never had tacos that delicious," I remarked to the trees.

"Told you it was good," he replied.

"You did say that, but you didn't say it was great." I turned my head his way to see he was looking at the trees too. "How did you get the tortillas to do that?"

He looked my way. "Woman, you saw me fry 'em."

I did indeed.

"Yes, but I've had fried tortillas and none of them were that awesome."

His lips curved up.

"What did you do to the meat?" I asked.

He turned his attention back to the trees. "Used your chiles, added more cumin to the spice packet, the rest, I'd have to kill you if I told you."

I aimed my eyes to the trees as well, but did it grinning. "I think you inject badass goodness into them somehow."

He made no reply but I actually felt the humor drifting from him.

This made me happy.

I took a sip from my beer and found I was at the dregs, the part of the beer I refused to consume.

I dropped my hand and turned back to Deacon. "I need another one, honey. You want one?"

"Yeah, but I'll get 'em," he said, hands to the arms of his chair, pushing himself up.

"I'll get them."

He looked down at me. "Got 'em, Cassie."

I smiled up at him, even happier.

Gutters cleaned. Someone to go grocery shopping with. One meal every now and then I didn't have to cook (and it was a good one). Great sex on a more-than-regular basis. Waking up not alone but tucked close to someone who meant something to me. And when I needed a beer, I didn't have to haul my booty in the house to get it.

Oh yes, life was sweet.

Deacon went into the house and came back with fresh cold ones. Then he sat at my side, lifted his feet, and tangled them in mine.

Definitely.

Life was sweet.

* * * * *

"Seriously, no," I said low.

"Is this gonna happen every fuckin' time?" Deacon asked back, openly annoyed.

"No, because we're gonna get this straight now."

The gutters were done on all the cabins, cleaned, and the areas that needed replacing were replaced. Now, Deacon wanted to start work on my roof.

And he was intent on buying the shingles.

I was of an opposite mind.

Thus, we were standing in my foyer, facing off again.

I'd let him buy the groceries, no argument, not even to bust his chops because I'd had my words about him wandering off again so I thought that was enough for one day.

But he bought the gutters, including the replacement materials we needed for the cabins.

I was getting the shingles.

"You budget for shingles?" he asked.

"I have money," I answered.

"That wasn't my question."

"No, but you know that since I didn't even know I needed shingles. But it doesn't matter. You're clearly worried about the state of my roof and I don't figure you'd be this fired up to take care of it if that concern wasn't valid. And I'd rather have a problem fixed before it becomes a real problem. You take care of problems, even if they require money. Which, as I said, I have. Dad won't let me pay him back and that's partly because he wants me to have savings for a rainy day. This is literally that: taking care of something for a rainy day."

His eyes slightly narrowed before he asked a bizarre question. "You buy your ex out?"

"Sorry?"

"That guy you scraped off, you buy him out of his part of this business?"

"He didn't buy in. It's always been all mine."

He nodded once. "Right, this works out with us, is it gonna stay that way?"

I snapped my mouth shut because I hadn't thought of that.

"Cassidy, I got work to do to leave the life I lead behind. I haven't even started that 'cause I needed to get where you were at with this. With us. We're new. We're good. We stay good, that work starts happening. And when that life is done for me, what do you want me to do?"

I didn't understand the question. "What do I want you to do?"

"Yeah. Do you want me to work at your side or find somethin' else that takes my time, 'cause, so you know, I don't need money in a way I won't until I die."

That made my mouth drop open.

I closed it only to open it again to say, "Seriously?"

"The work I do gets paid a whack. The life I lead doesn't have a lot of overhead. Been doin' this shit a while. Got enough money to live good, not large, but comfortable. That said, not a man to put my feet up and I suspect that's in a way that I'll never be that man. You want me at your side and workin' this business with you, I'm down with that, and I buy the shingles as part of that buy-in that we'll discuss fully when we're there. You're not down with that, you want this to be yours and me to have no part in it outside comin' back to you after my day is done doin' whatever it is I'll be doin, you buy the shingles."

"This is a big decision to make at this juncture, Deacon," I noted carefully.

"I get you," he replied. "But you're right. The state of your roof, I don't like it. Shit could happen and that shit might happen when I'm not with you to help you deal. So I want it fixed. So this decision needs to be made now."

"These cabins..." I paused, took a breath and explained, "These cabins mean a lot to me, honey. I've put everything into these cabins. I love these cabins."

"Right," he muttered, his eyes shuttering.

"But," I went on swiftly, "I don't know what the future will bring. To me we're not good, we're great. I love having you here. It's making me happy. It's making you happy. So when that time comes where we know we're solid and you've left that life, then we can talk about your buy-in. But now it's too soon and I need shingles."

"Then you pay for the shingles, Cassidy, but I pay for groceries while I'm here. What you eat, what I eat, all of it. My way of kickin' in, it's important to me to do that so you let me have that and don't bitch or fight me."

And there was more proof.

Badasses could compromise.

My heart swelled as I told him, "I can do that."

He held my eyes. "You sure?"

It was then I saw his weren't shuttered anymore. They were lit.

He was teasing.

God, I loved it when Deacon teased. No way I would ever have guessed he would tease when I knew him only as John Priest.

But I loved it that he did.

"It might cause debilitating pain, but I'll deal with it," I teased back.

"And she gives me the smartass."

"As I said, it's who I am."

His voice was sweet when he said, "Yeah."

He liked who I was.

I returned that sentiment.

I told him that in his language by moving to him, putting a hand on his abs, rolling up on my toes to get close, and saying, "Let's get shingles."

* * * * *

Two days later, I was in the kitchen getting Deacon, who was hammering on my roof in the hot sun, a cool drink when I heard a knock at my door.

I set the glass of ice water aside and moved to the front door, opening it to find my new renter there looking unhappy.

This was not a surprise.

I'd left Deacon on the roof so I could hang out in the house and wait for him and his family because I knew they were checking in that day. They checked in and he was surly when they did. No one was surly when they were checking in to fabulous cabins by a river in the Colorado Mountains. No one except someone who was always surly.

"Hello, Mr. Snyder, how can I help you?"

"This is unacceptable."

Wonderful.

"What's unacceptable?" I asked,

"There are no towels," he answered.

I nodded my head in confirmation, explaining, "It states clearly in my terms and conditions, which you're asked to click on prior to booking, that I don't provide towels."

"No one reads terms and conditions," he retorted.

What an idiot.

"I'm sorry if you didn't, Mr. Snyder, but it's spelled out there. I also note the same in the cabin descriptions on my website, which you booked through."

"I just looked at the pictures," he told me. "And now I have a wife, two kids, myself, a week in that cabin, and no towels. What are we supposed to do when we take showers?"

"This has happened before, of course, so I have towels you can rent for the week."

His brows shot up. "Rent? For extra?"

"Yes, five dollars a towel."

"We'll each need more than one, being here a week."

"I have several, but it's still five dollars a towel."

"That's outrageous," he snapped.

It absolutely wasn't.

"I'm sorry you feel that way. But there's a store in town that carries linens. They have towels."

"So I spend ridiculous money on towels I don't need at home?" he asked.

"I'm not sure what to tell you. You accepted the terms when you booked. You can rent towels or you can go to town and buy them. Either way, it's worth a trip into town. There are a couple of lovely stores, a fantastic coffee shop, and a few good restaurants."

"I didn't come up here for you to play tour guide," he bit out nastily.

That was when I felt it. I felt it before I saw it.

So my eyes moved beyond Mr. Snyder at my door to the porch steps to see Deacon standing one down from the top, his arms crossed on his wide chest, the ends of his hair wet with sweat from the work he was doing, looking gorgeous and scary.

"We got a problem here?" he asked and Snyder turned to him.

"Who are you?" he demanded to know.

"I'm Ms. Swallow's man," Deacon answered. "Now, do we have a problem here?"

"There are no towels at the cabin, which is unacceptable."

Deacon looked to me.

"I explained the terms and conditions, which Mr. Snyder accepted," I told him.

Deacon looked back to Mr. Snyder but said not a word.

"If I don't get towels for my family," Snyder looked to me, "for free," he looked back to Deacon, "we'll check out and check into a hotel that provides towels."

Deacon watched him speak then his eyes returned to me.

"You're welcome to do that but a cancellation at this late date will mean I'll still charge you for the entire stay." Snyder's eyes sliced to me and they were pissed. "Which is also explained in my terms and conditions," I finished.

"That's unbelievable!" Snyder exclaimed, his voice getting loud.

"I'm sorry you feel that way, Mr. Snyder, but that isn't exactly an unusual condition in this business. You've booked a cabin I could not rent to others due to my commitment to it being available to you. You cancel with no notice, you pay the whole week."

"Are you full?"

"Her capacity is not your business," Deacon stated as he took the last step and joined Snyder on the porch. "Ms. Swallow has explained your situation. You can rent towels from her, buy them in town, or go to a hotel but you'll pay for your week. Decide."

"I don't need to be strong-armed by you," Snyder spat.

"Man, I'm five feet away from you reiterating the policies of Glacier Lily. That's hardly strong-arming anything," Deacon returned.

"Okay," I forged in, taking a step through the door to join the men on my porch. I looked to Snyder. "I'm sorry you're unhappy with the situation but even so, I can't make an exception for you. If I did, I'd have to make an exception for everybody and I'm sure you can understand that wear and tear on linens, not to mention laundering, is at a cost to me. Therefore I cannot provide it for free. If you wish to leave Glacier Lily, that'll be disappointing for your family because it's lovely, peaceful, and quiet here. But I'll understand. I'm also happy to run and get you some towels. But we really can't spend more time discussing this. Your choices have been communicated to you and I'm afraid to say, no matter your argument, they won't change."

"I'll buy towels in town," he clipped. "I'm not giving another cent to you. And you can expect a poor review on-line."

That had happened before from people like him. The first one I saw cut deep. The second one didn't feel much better. The third one just stung. Now I was over it, mostly because the way they were written, even an imbecile could read it was about them being assholes, not about Glacier Lily.

"That's your prerogative," I murmured.

"It certainly is," he retorted, turned, and stomped by Deacon and down the steps.

Deacon and I watched him go. When he was out of sight, he turned to me.

"You okay?"

"Not the first or the last time, honey."

He nodded.

"Need a drink?" I asked.

"Yup," he answered.

I grinned and walked into the house.

Deacon followed me, went straight to the glass on the counter, and downed it in one go.

When he put it back to the counter, he gave me his eyes.

"I can deal with that," I said quietly. "I've done it before, I'll do it again. But that doesn't mean it didn't feel super-awesome that you heard it going down, got off the roof, and took my back."

He didn't move toward me, take my hand, cup my jaw, get in my space, but he didn't need to. His eyes said what he needed to say.

"It also feels super-awesome that you make it clear you're at my back but you let me deal and don't catapult us into Badass Zone and take over."

His eyes kept communicating but this time his lips did too.

"Anytime, Cassie."

I nodded.

"Anything, baby," he continued.

God, that felt good, because I believed him, mostly because he was proving it.

"Thank you," I whispered.

"I'd kiss you and feel you up, but I got shit on my hands."

I smiled and bossed, "Right, then go fix my roof."

That was when he moved to me, bent in, brushed just his lips to my forehead, turned, and walked away.

* * * * *

A week later, my roof was fixed. The pots littering my front porch and the steps that led up to it were bursting with flowers and greenery. And Mr. Snyder and his family were gone.

With downtime finally on our hands, I'd found that Deacon did not hike. I'd also found that he did do lunch, something we did in Gnaw Bone at a great place called The Mark. I'd learned he didn't have a motorcycle. I'd also learned when I mentioned it that he wasn't averse to the idea. Thus, we'd also gone to Carnal to look at some restored Harleys a man named Wood had for sale there. We took two for a test drive, me on the back, pressed tight to Deacon, who not surprisingly knew how to ride.

And life got sweeter.

He didn't buy a bike because one was red, the other was silver, and Deacon wanted black. But we did give Wood my number so he could call if they ever had a black one.

Now, I was in the kitchen with my phone to my ear, my mom talking to me, my other hand carefully balancing a big dish with my loaded potato casserole in it that I was trying to shove into the oven at the same time listen to my mother.

I had not yet pulled out that casserole for Deacon because it was a bit of a fiddle. But I knew he was going to love it. I knew this because I'd also learned my man was a meat and potatoes man.

Tomorrow, we were going to the breeder to pick my puppy.

And life would be sweeter.

"You were right," Mom said in my ear. "Titus blew a gasket."

I did not rub it in. For once, I remained silent.

"He says he's coming but he'll be giving you a call. He and Bessie will be staying at the house with you."

"This is good, Mom," I told her. "I had a booking come in for that week that I had to turn down today because I'm full. Now I can e-mail them and they can experience the glory of Glacier Lily."

I heard her chuckle.

Then I heard her say, "You sound good."

I grinned as I successfully settled the casserole dish on the rack in the oven. "I am good."

There was silence for moment before she said, "No, Cassie, you sound good."

I straightened and kicked the oven door closed with my foot then looked to the floor, not knowing how to play this.

I lifted my eyes and turned them to the kitchen windows. Through them, I saw Deacon in his chair, feet up on the railing, eyes to the trees.

And I instantly knew how to play this.

My gaze went back to my feet.

"I've met a man."

Mom said nothing.

"We've known each other awhile. He's...he's a good man, Mom," I told her. "He's, well, no other way to put it, he's incredibly handsome. Very tall. A big guy. I...we, well, we've moved it to the next level."

"And that would be?" Mom asked when I said no more.

"He's staying with me," I shared. "He travels for a living but he has some downtime and he's staying with me."

That received no response.

"He cleaned my gutters," I said softly. She didn't reply so I kept going. "He noticed the rain running over them and he cleaned them. He found they were in a bad state so then he replaced them. After that, he took care of the ones on the cabins. I helped, and he let me, but he did most of the work."

Mom said not a word.

"Doing that, he saw the state of my roof so he fixed that too. His downtime, not working, he spent days working on the house and cabins for me."

She still didn't speak.

"I...I," I stammered then whispered, "Mom, he thinks I'm beautiful."

She said something to that.

"You are beautiful, Cassidy."

"He's the most beautiful man I've ever seen, Mom, and he told me he feels the same about me. He told me I could be in magazines. He told me I'm the finest woman he's ever known. That means a lot since, outside Dad, he's the finest man I've ever met."

"That isn't a surprise either, angelface, because you're you. He'd have to be very thick to miss that."

I felt my face soften, my lips tip up, and I moved to lean a hip to the counter. "I really hope things keep going this well, Mom, because I really want you and Dad to meet him. Dad would love him. He takes care of me like Dad does, letting me be me but being there to support me in being it."

"So you see a future with this man?"

"Yes," I said quietly.

"Does this man have a name?"

I closed my eyes tight as the only darkness on a horizon that included Deacon blackened my mood. "John Priest."

"Strong name," she remarked.

She wasn't wrong.

I liked Deacon better.

"I'm happy for you," Mom continued, now her voice was quiet. "I'm happy because you sound happy. And I hope this works out for you, too, honey, so I'll get to meet him, but so you'll have someone to share your time with amongst the glory of Glacier Lily."

I grinned in the phone. "Love you, Mom."

"Love you a whole lot more, angelface."

"That's debatable."

"Let's not debate it, because knowing my daughter, that could take ten years and I don't have that time. Dinner's nearly done and I need to feed your father."

"Right, I'll let you go."

"Okay, Cassie, talk to you later, see you soon, and again, so happy you found someone you like who likes you."

"Thanks, Mom."

"'Bye, Cassidy."

"'Bye."

We hung up and when we did, I took my phone from my ear and stared at it. Then I set it aside, took in a deep breath, and walked out of the kitchen.

I didn't go to my chair.

I went to Deacon's.

His head tipped back when I did and he put his beer on the arm of the chair when I put a knee into the seat by his hip. I swung my other leg over and settled astride him.

He rested his hands on my ass, his eyes never leaving mine.

"She wants something," he muttered like he was talking to himself.

"Just got off the phone with my mom," I shared.

He made no response, not verbally, not physically, just continued to look at me, waiting for me to go on.

I took this as good. He could have shut down. He could have tensed. He could have given some indication that whatever it was I was going to share about my family that included me getting close was something he wasn't ready to be a part of.

"They're coming out in August. Everyone. Mom, Dad, my sister and her family, my brother and his wife. My aunts and uncle."

"Right," he prompted when I said no more.

I got closer, my heart squeezing as I gave it to him.

"I'd really like it if you worked it out with your jobs so you could be here when they are."

"Then that's where I'll be."

I sat motionless atop him, staring in his handsome face, shocked but filled with glee that that wasn't only his answer, but it also came quickly.

"You're not..." I shook my head. "That doesn't freak you?"

"They come with you?" he asked.

"Absolutely."

The skin around his eyes softened and his fingers dug in my ass.

"I think I've made it pretty clear I want you, woman. They come with you, I want that too."

Oh God. I was so falling in love with this man.

"Dad'll like you," I whispered.

"Yeah. I had a daughter in the middle of nowhere, states away, and a guy worked on her roof in the heat so it wouldn't eventually cave in, I'd like him too."

I smiled, tamping down the idea of Deacon having a daughter.

And how he would get one.

"Though," he kept going, "that would only be until I was reminded he was sleepin' with her. Then I'd go back to wantin' to shoot him."

That was when I burst out laughing.

While I was doing it, Deacon slid a hand up my spine until he had it curved around the back of my neck.

And when I quit laughing, I noticed that he was not sharing in my amusement.

When he spoke, I'd know why.

"Means a lot, baby, you want me to meet your family."

I leaned closer to him. "Yeah," I agreed.

"You give me the dates, I'll make sure I'm free."

"Okay."

He slid his hand to the side of my neck, the tips of his fingers in my hair, his eyes moving over my face.

I let him. He had these moments occasionally, when he was feeling something, something beautiful and big, something about me, and since it was that, I wanted him to have them.

When he shifted his thumb so it swept my lower lip, I knew it was leaving him so I said, "I need to get down to frying the chops."

His eyes went from my lips to mine. "You need a grill."

He wasn't wrong.

"Can you grill?"

"Do I have a dick?"

I smiled again.

"We'll fight about who's payin' for that tomorrow, on the way back from gettin' the dog."

I kept smiling. "You're on."

His eyes crinkled.

I leaned in and kissed him. It was meant to be a touch but his hand at my neck tightened, his other arm lifted to round me, and it became a whole lot more.

This meant I was breathing heavily when I climbed off him and went into the kitchen to start the chops.

* * * * *

Hours later, after dinner (I was not wrong, Deacon loved the casserole; he even said that, of a sort, while forking it into his mouth, "This shit's the shit, Cassidy,") and cuddling on the couch watching a movie, Deacon turned on the news.

I tilted my chin to catch his eyes.

He felt mine and looked down at me.

"I'm turning in."

"Gonna watch the top of the newscast then I'll be up."

"Okay."

He bent his head to touch his mouth to mine and let me go.

I rolled off the couch and went upstairs.

When I got to my bedroom, I closed the door, leaned against it, sucked in a massive breath, and took in the room.

After I had the bathroom remodeled, this was the first room I'd refinished.

The wood floors were gleaming. The threadbare rugs had been removed and a large, thick, attractive one in soft beige with muted pastel green, blue, yellow, and pink swirls on it was under the bed. The two dressers were a mish-mosh I'd located for a deal at an antique store, the wood light and battered but they burnished in way that I thought was pretty. Matching iron nightstands with drawers that had mismatching but lovely lights on them. There were old, framed pieces of faded, but awesome embroidered flowers I'd bought for five bucks each on the walls. Walls that I'd painted a warm, soft oyster.

A year ago, I'd bought a new mattress. On it was a down comforter with a feminine paisley cover that had a cream background and subdued green, yellow, and blue design. Matching shams. Cream sheets. But minimal toss pillows since they finished the look of the bed but were a pain in the patoot to arrange every day.

And my bed had a slatted head and footboard.

Staring at it, I bit my lower lip.

Then I did what I decided I'd do during the movie.

I went to the nightstands and turned on both lights. After that, I went to the closet, got the ropes, took them to the bed, and dropped them in the middle. That done, I went to my drawer and pulled out one of only three sexy nighties that I owned. A skintight red number made entirely of lace. I also snatched out the matching satin panties.

I took them to the bathroom, changed, washed my face, brushed my teeth, put the toilet seat down, and sat on it, trying not to hyperventilate.

And there I sat.

Waiting.

And just like me, I did it hoping.

But (maybe for the first time in my life), I didn't have to hope.

Because I had a strong feeling that what I wanted so badly was about to be given to me.

<br/>

It was simple beauty.

And I was loving every second.

Finally, he moved fully between my legs and clamped his mouth down on me, sucking deep.

"God!" I cried, surging up as far as I could, exhilaration sweeping through me when I was pulled back against my bonds, the pleasure heightened indescribably because I couldn't lift my knees high, throw them over his shoulders. I could only lie there and take what he was giving me.

He ate and he sucked and he fucked me with his tongue. When I was writhing on the bed, straining against the ropes, this close to exploding, he took his mouth from me, drove two fingers in, and my entire body bucked, the bed moving with it.

I lifted my head to see him still between my legs. "Baby," I begged.

He slid his fingers out and down, and wet with me, circled one at my anus.

My frame tensed tight, my knees involuntarily trying to cock and stilling when my motion was denied, the bed jerking again as all my limbs tightened, and I did what I could to press into his finger.

"Yes," I breathed and watched hazily as Deacon's face grew even darker.

He surged over me but left his finger where it was.

"Please," I breathed.

He slid his finger inside.

I turned my head to the side, my body trembling, waiting, anticipating.

Deacon put his lips to my ear.

"Next job, I'm goin' shopping on the way back," he whispered there, gently moving his finger in small circles inside me and my legs pulled tight against the ropes, reflexively trying to open further for him. "Get my girl some toys. Come back to her, plug her ass, eat her pussy while she's tied down with my cock in her mouth."

I jerked my head around, my sex pulsing deep with need. He lifted his head when I did and I caught his eyes.

"Fuck me."

"You need my cock, baby?"

"Yes," I whispered.

He slid his thumb rough through my wet and pressed hard at my clit.

My body surged tight against my ropes.

"Ask sweet," he ordered.

Oh God, this was hot. This was great. This was fucking amazing.

"Please, baby," I begged. "Please, fuck me."

"Want it hard?"

"Yes."

"Want me to fuck your mouth first?"

Yes I did.

But right then I needed him inside and not inside my mouth.

"Yes, but no," I panted, his thumb at my clit, finger still up my ass torturing me in a good way. "Need you inside. Now, Deacon."

"That wasn't sweet, baby."

"Please," I pleaded immediately.

"You gonna take your plug when I bring it?"

Oh God.

So fucking hot.

"Yes," I said and that one syllable came out sharing I'd take it right then if he had it.

He read it. Deacon could have dementia and still read me.

"Fill your ass, eat your pussy."

"I'll suck your cock," I gasped.

"No, sweet Cassie. You'll be tied down, won't be able to move your head. You just hold it in your mouth."

He was killing me.

I strained toward him, nearly coming undone when I couldn't complete that action.

"Deacon, please."

Even with his eyes hot and hungry, his lips smiled. "Had enough?"

"Yes," I nearly shouted.

"Then prepare for me to ride you, baby."

I was prepared. I couldn't get more prepared. The only thing I was worried about was that the orgasm I was about to have would kill me.

He slid his finger out of my ass, his thumb away from my clit, and positioned.

Hand in the bed, arm straight, holding him above me, I felt him move the tip of his cock through my wet as I tried and failed to get more of him.

"Baby, please."

He surged inside.

My back arched from the bed, my head digging in the pillows, all four limbs jerking against the ropes.

Then he fucked me, hard, rough, holding his body away from mine. I dipped my chin, saw his eyes on me, and whimpered.

He liked this. Fucking me barely touching me, just his cock driving deep and fast, watching me take his thrusts, my body jerking with each one, my ropes tight, making me immobile.

It could have been bad. It could have felt distant. Like being used. Like nothing but a wet pussy, a vessel to receive his seed.

It wasn't that. Not with the way he was looking at me, taking in my face, his gaze roaming hot on my body.

"Fuckin' beautiful," he grunted.

"Harder," I begged.

He slammed in harder.

I closed my eyes. "Yes."

"Look at me."

I opened my eyes.

"Watch me fuck you, baby, 'til you can't watch anymore."

"Okay."

My knees jolted up as I watched Deacon, his big, magnificent body tensing and tightening, the muscles contracting, defined sharp in his beautiful flesh, up on his hands driving into me.

Then it moved deep, terrifying in the forewarning of its power.

"Deacon!" I gasped.

"You gonna come hard for me?" he growled.

"Baby," I breathed and it happened, slamming through me as he drove inside, wiping everything away but the burn, his cock, the vision of him thrusting seared on the backs of my eyelids. I cried out as it engulfed me, carried me away, my arms and legs yanking against my bonds, taking the sensations deeper, blistering, scoring so deep I would never forget the exquisiteness I was experiencing.

"Look at me."

His words penetrated but I was lost to the feelings, I could do nothing.

Deacon pounded inside.

"Fuckin' look at me."

I forced my eyes open just in time to dazedly watch his head snap back, his neck muscles stand out, and hear him groan as he kept pounding inside and came for me.

I had only started coming down when he slammed deep, ground in, and dropped his head.

I knew he started coming down when he moved again, gently sliding in and out.

I fought to steady my breathing.

Deacon kept his head bent and continued to take me, slow and tender.

"Could stay hard a year, watchin' your pussy take my dick."

My arms jerked against the ropes at his words, longing to touch him, clutch at him, hold him to me at the same time loving that I couldn't and all I could give him was my pussy.

He lifted his head, caught my eyes, and slid in to the root.

"Fuckin' beautiful," he whispered.

I stared at him, in all his big man magnificence, looming over me, giving me what he just gave me, taking my trust and making it so worth it that it wasn't funny, still connected to me-thinking he could say that again.

"You watch yourself take me next time you have my dick," he ordered, his voice still thick from sex.

"Okay, baby."

He dropped to one forearm, the other hand he put to my side where it glided up and in, cupping my breast and holding me there.

My body relaxed underneath him.

"You good?" he asked.

I nodded, feeling my lips already curled up.

He bent his head, ran his nose along my jaw, and lifted it again.

"Comfortable?"

I nodded again, still serenely smiling.

"That worked for you," he noted.

"Uh-huh," I mumbled.

That was when his lips curled up. "It way worked for me."

I got that, big time.

I didn't have it in me to say anything.

"You get it now, how it means something if the woman you're drivin' your dick into means something?"

I'd got it before but I really got it then from what he gave me, what he took, and the look on his face that said exactly how he felt about it.

I nodded.

"You like it like this, Cassie, tie you to the bed, make you sleep that way. Wake you up and play whenever I feel like it."

My arms twitched, pulling at my bonds, sending a residual wave through me that felt so good, my sex tightened around his cock.

He pressed his hips into mine.

"She wants that."

"I think I might want whatever you wanna do to me," I admitted, my voice quiet but not from fear or nerves at what I was giving him. Because I was so replete, I couldn't talk louder.

He dipped his head, brushed his lips against mine, and said there, "Then I'll give it to you."

"Yippee," I whispered and watched his eyes smile. "Am I gonna be able to tie you down?" I asked.

"Absolutely."

I felt my eyes widen, thinking he'd decline. Gently, of course, but he'd do it.

"Seriously?"

He lifted his head half an inch. "Oh yeah, Cassie. Figure I give it to you enough, you'll get good ideas. Rock my world."

Oh my God.

Awesome.

"No ass play," he went on to state. "I like ass, I'll take yours. Plug it. Fuck it. But that's somethin' you don't do in return, but I reckon that's the only thing."

The only thing?

Oh. My. God.

Awesome.

"Have you, uh...tried that before? I mean, with your ass."

"Had a woman give me her finger while I was bangin' her. No problem with that. She got off on it and I didn't mind. You wanna give it, figure if I get that from you, I'll probably like it. More than that, I'm just not interested."

I made a mental note of that.

"See she's planning," he muttered, his eyes dancing.

"Maybe."

He dipped his head again to give me another lip brush and said against my mouth, "Look forward to that."

I grinned at him but watched his face get serious and his voice was low when he asked, "Anything I did you didn't like?"

"Nothing," I replied immediately.

"Do not hide that shit, Cassie. It's important I know."

I pressed my body up into his as best as I could when I said, "I know. I trusted you, you trust me. Honestly, do you think I wouldn't tell you?"

"Noticed you don't have a problem speakin' your mind."

I grinned again. "Nope."

"Also noticed you're still bound, baby, and you haven't asked me to untie you."

The way he said that sounded like it was important.

"I-"

"You're good there," he stated.

"Well, I wouldn't mind touching you, but you're lying on me, so I guess I'm good."

He started chuckling, giving his humor to me in a variety of sensory ways, all of which I freaking adored.

He dipped closer again but didn't brush my lips. "Clean you tied, Cassie. I want you to give me that, exposed and bound for me as I take care of your pussy. Then I'll untie you and we can sleep."

"I'll give you that, honey."

He looked into my eyes and I had a feeling that was even more important, I just didn't know how because all he said was, "Yeah."

Then he touched his mouth to mine, slid his cock out, and moved down my body, touching his lips to my breastbone, my midriff, my navel, the hair between my legs, and inside each thigh.

That done, leaving me with the warmth that tenderness gave me, he rolled off the bed, came back with a warm washcloth, and looked into my eyes as he cleaned gently between my legs.

I squirmed a bit, my lips parted, his eyes darkened, but after he "took care of my pussy," he went back to the bathroom. Only then did he return to the bed and untie me.

Commence Deacon repositioning me under the covers, rolling us this way and that to turn out both the lights. This was something I let him do without lip, seeing as I could turn out my own light. I was relishing being able to wrap my arms around him. Then he settled us in our customary going to sleep position.

I listened to his breath even and I was relaxed, totally. Happy, completely. Fulfilled, undeniably.

But I still could talk.

"I loved that."

"Got that when you came hard and loud, nearly bowing the headboard."

I grinned against his chest.

My grin died and I pressed close, turning my head and kissing his skin.

"Thank you for giving it to me," I whispered there.

His arm around me tightened in that way it did when he felt deep and wanted to communicate it to me. So tight, I almost felt pain.

But this time, he added words.

"The day you got me tied to this bed, Cassie, will be the day you understand that it's me who should give the gratitude."

I liked that so much, to communicate it I pressed my face into his chest.

He slid his hand up to wrap it around the back of my neck.

"Sleep," he ordered quietly.

I turned my head to rest my cheek against his chest.

"'Night, Deacon."

"'Night, my Cassie."

My Cassie.

That was me. Deacon's Cassie.

I closed my eyes.

Deacon moved his hand from my neck to wrap his arm around my back.

Only then did I sleep.

* * * * *

The next day, I quit falling.

The next day, I fell, landed, and knew deep in my heart with a landing so soft and sweet it felt like I'd been enveloped by a cloud, I'd landed right where I needed to be.

In other words, the next day was the day when I realized I was in love with Deacon.

It could have happened the night before with the way he made love to me. And make no mistake, he might have fucked me hard and rough while I was tied to my bed, but it was making love.

However, I was too overwhelmed by the experience to process it at the time.

I was far more alert the next day when we walked into the house of the dog breeder, the man opened a door, and five baby German Shepherds bounded out.

They raced right to Deacon and me but they switched paths quickly because it was Deacon who crouched first.

I watched, standing still, attention fixed completely as it appeared my man was trying to pet all five at once with his big hands.

Then it happened.

A little girl puppy got peeved, started nosing her brothers and sisters, yapping at them, doing her puppy best to push them where she wanted them, miraculously got her opening, and jumped up, clawing Deacon's jeans at his knee.

"Boss lady," I heard Deacon murmur as I belatedly crouched too. The rest of the puppies galloped my way when Deacon's hands wrapped around the girl puppy and he lifted her to his chest.

I did my best to stroke and scratch the gaggle of pups that were climbing about my legs, but I did this with my eyes to Deacon, watching the dog lick his jaw and not stop.

He looked to me.

"This one," he decreed.

Absolutely.

That one.

"Boss Lady," he stated.

Absolutely.

That was her name.

There was intensity in his eyes that tightened my stomach just like you feel right before going over the crest of a very tall climb on a roller coaster, loving where you are, excited about it, but you can't wait to see what happens next.

"Boss Lady for my Cassie Boss," he finished.

"Okay, honey," I whispered, unable to make my voice louder.

The pup stopped licking him and started yapping.

Deacon straightened.

She stopped yapping. This was because she got what she wanted. I knew this when she started licking him again.

Deacon didn't stop her.

And that soft, sweet cloud wrapped closer around me.

* * * * *

Two weeks later, I stood at the top of the steps of my porch, Bossy in my arms squirming, Deacon a step down, arms around both of us, making out with me.

I didn't want it to end. Ever.

He ended it.

"Be back, soon's I can," he said gently.

"Okay, honey."

"Okay."

He touched his forehead to mine and moved one hand to my neck, fingertips back and in my hair, then he gave me a squeeze.

I drew in breath.

He let me go, scratched Bossy's head, and she yapped.

He grinned.

I let my breath go.

His eyes came to mine and I smiled.

I kept smiling as he walked down the steps and got into his Suburban.

Bossy and I stood there as he started it up and drove down the lane, me waving, Bossy yapping.

Deacon turned right at the top of the lane.

Only then did my smile fade. I walked Bossy into the house, closing the door behind us.

I put my pup on the floor and Bossy yapped.

"He'll be back, darlin'."

She yapped again, unhappy.

She was not alone.

But he would be back.

And one day, one day I hoped was soon, he'd be back in a way he'd never leave.

Chapter Fourteen

Miracle

"He's here," I whispered, eyes to the window, watching the headlights gleam through the dark on my lane.

Bossy yapped.

I ran to the front door, stopped, and toed my baby back. "I get my reunion first."

She protested by trying to attack the strap of my flip-flop.

I gently fended her off and quickly slipped through the door.

I walked to the top of the steps and stopped, my heart beating hard as I watched Deacon unfold from the driver's seat. Then I watched him walk to me.

When he was at the bottom of the steps, I asked, "Did you eat?"

His eyes were on mine. Then again, they had been since he got out of his truck.

"Welcome to check the cab after you fuck me hard and I crash, woman. Chip bags and shit all over. Evidence."

He stopped one step down from me.

"I take it, you needing to crash, you didn't sleep," I noted.

He grinned at me.

He didn't sleep.

Whatever.

I leaped into his arms.

His hands at my ass, my arms and legs around him, we kissed as he walked us into the house.

A week and a half, nothing but phone calls (these Deacon returned, if he didn't answer right away). Then the call, the good call that said he was on his way home.

He used his boot to close the door and Bossy's excited puppy demands came fast and furious.

Deacon broke our clinch to look down at our dog.

"Yo, Boss Lady."

Bossy yapped.

His fingers pressed into my ass and I took that as a sign to let him go. When he put me to my feet, he bent, scooped up Bossy, and gave her a cuddle.

I smiled gleefully. Bossy licked his jaw gleefully.

That gave me more glee.

His eyes came to me.

"I put her in her crate; you go upstairs and get naked."

I stopped smiling when my thighs started quivering.

"Now, Cassie," he ordered gently.

I nodded, turned, and dashed up the stairs.

I was naked by the time Deacon joined me.

Boss Lady didn't have a great night, cooped up in her kennel with Daddy just home.

But Deacon was back.

So mine was awesome.

* * * * *

"I'm unavailable," Deacon said into his phone the next morning while standing at the stove, shuffling bacon in a skillet, Bossy attacking the hem of his jeans. "At least three weeks."

At least three weeks.

Yippee.

I was pouring cereal and listening, mostly because Deacon wasn't hiding this call, like he didn't hide the call that took him away from me a week and a half ago.

I liked this. This was open, not covert, hiding, keeping things from me. No, this was Deacon giving himself to me.

Yes, I liked this.

I put the cereal box back and went for the milk.

"You need someone, call Raid and his team," he continued.

Raid?

I poured milk.

"Told you before, they're solid. You need this done, you call them. Got nothin' more for you. I got somethin' on that's priority."

Priority.

That made me feel warm and squishy.

"You got his number," Deacon finished, disconnecting, and tossing his phone on the counter. "Gotta bury that in a drawer," he muttered like he was talking to himself.

"I have you for three weeks?" I asked, putting the milk back.

"At least," he answered.

I turned from the fridge and smiled big at him.

The grooves hit the sides of his mouth and he looked down at the skillet.

Bossy started growling. I looked to her and saw she'd found purchase on Deacon's jeans and was tugging back with puppy viciousness.

Deacon ignored her.

More warm and squishy.

I grabbed a spoon, picked up my bowl, put a hip to the counter, and started eating.

After bite three, when Deacon was transferring bacon to a plate covered in paper towels, I asked, "Who's Raid?"

I got warmer and squishier when Deacon's response was immediate.

"Colleague. Friend." His eyes came to mine. "One of the three decent people I've spent time with in the last decade. One of the handful I'd trust knowin' you."

That surprised me.

"Knowing me?"

"When I leave that life, Raid is one of three I won't leave behind."

Oh my God. I might meet his friends!

I tamped down my excitement at this and remarked casually, "A close bud."

"A good man, and yeah, a close bud."

I drew in a breath to give myself courage to take a risk. Then I took it.

"Who are the other two?"

Again, Deacon answered immediately. "Knight Sebring. Marcus Sloan." He moved his attention to the skillet where his eggs were waiting and muttered, "And maybe Tucker and Sylvie Creed."

"Tucker and Sylvie?" I prompted.

He slid his eggs on a waiting plate and looked to me. "Don't know them well, know Sylvie better, seein' as she worked with Knight before she got herself hitched to Creed, but did a job with them a while back, and what I know, they seem solid."

I nodded and cautiously offered, "They're all welcome at Glacier Lily."

He tossed his bacon on the plate, nabbed the waiting fork, and turned to me, hip to the counter, grinning at me.

"Anyone who isn't?"

"Rapists. Murderers. Racists. Bigots. Hitler. Pol Pot-"

I stopped when Deacon burst out laughing.

Bossy started yapping.

I grinned at my cereal, listening to Deacon laugh, doing this perhaps for the first time since I was a little kid feeling completely and utterly happy, but more, content, safe, and totally at peace.

Deacon quit laughing and noted, "You're lucky those last two are dead, Cassie. Means you won't have to butt up against them when they try to rent a cabin."

"My man is a badass, they wouldn't stand a chance."

He gave me the mouth grooves and eye crinkles and more warm and squishy when he replied, "Bullshit, you and me both know I'd just have to stand there while you took care of business."

I was preparing to jump him in order to share my feelings when a knock came at the door.

Before I could make a move, Deacon did, putting his plate down and murmuring, "Got it."

And I jotted down another on my mile long list of good things that came with having Deacon. They were great and small. A small one being I could eat my cereal while he opened the door.

Bossy, of course, followed her daddy. She liked her momma but she was definitely a daddy's girl.

I understood since I was too, now in more ways than just one.

"John, hello. Cassidy said you'd be back. So good to see you." I heard Milagros say from the foyer and I felt my brows draw together.

We had two cabins-one with an over-nighter, one a short stay-both checking out and needing cleaning. Milagros knew that but when she came, she had a master key and usually got down to it, coming to me to say hey or share a coffee when she needed a break. She didn't come to my house first.

I put my cereal aside and started toward the kitchen door. I was halfway there when it was filled with Milagros and Araceli, Deacon trailing with Bossy tucked in the crook of his arm.

But I stopped with one look at Araceli.

"Baby, are you okay?" I asked.

"Don't feel good, Tia Cassidy," she murmured.

She could say that again. She looked pale but her cheeks were flushed and the deep pink was concerning.

"She has a bit of a fever," Milagros explained. "A bad belly. I know John's just back, Cassidy, and I'm sorry to ask, but-"

Before she could finish, or I could say a word, Deacon stated, "We got her."

My eyes flew to him.

"I have a new client and I clean their house after the cabins. It'll be hours," Milagros said.

"We got her," Deacon repeated.

God, I loved living on my warm, sweet, fluffy cloud.

Deacon crouched in front of Araceli. "You wanna watch movies?"

Bossy yapped her approval of this suggestion.

And the cloud got fluffier and sweeter.

Araceli nodded.

"You like Sprite?" he went on.

She nodded again.

"Okay, girl. You and Bossy go lie down on the couch. Cassie will set you up with a movie. I'll go to the store and get you some Sprite. You like vanilla wafers?"

I stared at him, so warm and squishy it was a miracle I wasn't goo on the floor, wondering if he was for real.

"I like 'nilla wafers," she whispered.

"I'll get some of those too," Deacon told her. "Anything else?"

She shook her head.

"Right then, hit the couch, girl," Deacon finished.

"Can I call Tia Cassidy Cassie too?" she asked and Deacon looked to me.

"Of course you can," I said, moving forward as Deacon came out of his crouch. "Let's get you settled."

Deacon shifted out of the way as I put a hand to Araceli's shoulder and gently turned her toward the door.

My eyes went to Milagros. "Got this, honey. You do what you have to do, take your time. We're here when you're done."

Her eyes underlined the words she said. "Thank you, Cassidy." She looked to Deacon. "You too, John."

"Not a problem," he rumbled.

I threw a smile over my shoulder at Milagros and guided Araceli to my living room.

We'd decided on a movie by the time Deacon walked Milagros out, went upstairs to get his keys and wallets, and came to us.

"You need anything, woman?" he asked me.

I threw a blanket over Araceli, my eyes to him.

"No, honey."

He nodded, turned, and took off.

Bossy tried and failed to jump up on the couch so I helped her. When she got where she wanted to be, she went about doing her best to sort Araceli out. This being bounding to her face and licking her cheek.

Araceli giggled.

I smiled.

My little Boss Lady, she knew what she was doing.

I bent deep, kissed Araceli's temple, and told her, "Gotta go to the kitchen to clean up, baby. You need anything, yell."

"Okay, Tia Cassie."

I grinned at her, squeezed her arm, and watched my dog snuggle into the blanket at her belly while Araceli scratched her ruff.

Then I went to the kitchen and I did it not even trying to stop myself from remembering all the goodness that came my way that morning.

Why would I?

When life offered you everything you ever wanted, you savored it.

It was just that I savored it over finishing cereal and doing dishes.

* * * * *

Later that night, snuggled into Deacon on the couch, my back to his front, his arm around me holding me close, when he used the remote to turn to the news, I twisted my neck to catch his eyes.

His head in his hand, elbow in the couch, he felt my gaze and tipped his to mine.

"You were good with Araceli," I noted, and he was. He didn't hover. But he did check on her, bring her Sprite, corralled Bossy when she was getting too much, and for a while he even sat in an armchair and watched a Disney movie to keep her company.

It was awesome.

"Like kids," he replied.

Gleefully happy.

I licked my lips.

He watched then his eyes came to mine and I knew he again read me.

"Want 'em, woman. Two, definitely, maybe three."

Oh yes.

Gleefully happy.

"Yeah?" I whispered.

"Yeah," he whispered back.

I turned in his arm and pressed closer. Deacon reciprocated the gesture, taking me to my back, his length partly on me.

"I want two, maybe three, too."

His eyes lit and he pressed closer. "Miracle."

That confused me.

"Sorry?"

"Somethin' my Cassie Boss isn't gonna fight about."

I grinned even as I lamely slapped his arm.

He bent his head and brushed my lips with his before he lifted away and asked, "You gonna watch the news with me?"

"I don't watch the news, Deacon, because it's not news. It's televised depression."

He chuckled.

"No, seriously," I said.

"Right," he replied, still chuckling. "Then go on up. I'll just watch the top and be up with you."

"Okay."

He gave me another brush on the lips before he took his weight from me.

I rolled off the couch and strolled to the doorway.

I stopped in it, unable to see Deacon where he was lounging on the couch.

It didn't matter. I didn't need to see him. I figured he'd hear me.

"Baby?" I called.

"Right here," his deep voice called back.

Yes he was.

Thank God.

My voice dipped lower when I said, "When you come up, would you play with me?"

Last night he'd given it to me vanilla. Or, more aptly, I'd given it to him since I rode him until he found it (after other things, of course; and I found it too, definitely).

Now he'd had a good night's rest and a day of nothing taxing, just taking care of a sick kid.

I wanted to explore.

The air in the room got heavy in a good way but he just ordered, "Be naked when I get there, Cassie."

"I will," I said softly.

Deacon didn't reply.

I didn't need it.

I was already on my way upstairs to get naked.

* * * * *

I felt the tip of the plug against my oiled opening and I strained toward it.

I was tied to the bed by Deacon, a master at this, totally. A Deacon who, when he was gone did as promised, he bought me toys.

I had velvet ropes around my knees, binding them wide but fast. Also at my ankles. More along my back, holding me down.

And the best, one at my neck and ties bound to a scarf that held my head down and stationary, completely immobile.

Except for the head thing (and Deacon's position, which made this even better), this was exactly as the woman was bound in the picture I saw that started my yearning. And this was the position where Grant had hurt me.

I was not hurting now.

Proving his complete mastery, there was room to move, not much, until he positioned his big body under mine, hard cock in my face.

Then he growled between my legs, "Mouth around my dick, Cassie."

I took his cock in my mouth and instantly felt the bed move as he somehow tightened the bonds so there was no give.

I was at his mercy.

That was when he played with me, getting me heated, before he oiled me, and I felt the plug.

"Communicate with me," he ordered roughly.

I had no idea how I would do that, my mouth filled with his hard, thick, long cock, my body not at my will. I just knew however I managed it, he'd read it.

I felt the tip of the plug pressed inside.

God.

Yes.

I pushed my hips up as best I could to get more.

He gave me more.

"Good?" His word rumbled into my sex and the insides of my thighs quivered.

I wrapped my tongue around his cock.

He gave me more.

But not enough. Not nearly.

I was trembling against him and to tell him what I wanted, I sucked hard.

"Jesus, baby," he growled, approval and humor in his tone.

I again did what I could to lift my hips against my bounds.

He drove the plug inside.

I moaned deep against his cock.

"Fuck, better every fuckin' day," he grunted, his hands coming to my hips, he lifted up and started eating me.

I took it, powerless to do anything else but hold his cock in my mouth, my ass filled, his mouth working me, hard, rough, greedy, hungry, demanding everything from me.

I had no choice but to give it to him.

And I loved that.

I started whimpering against his cock then automatically sucking.

I lost his mouth. "No," he ordered gruffly, just that one word pounding into my sex.

I didn't want to but I wanted his mouth back so I stopped sucking.

Deacon continued eating.

I couldn't help it, I started sucking again.

I lost his mouth and felt the flat of his hand land sharp on the outside of my thigh. No one had ever spanked me and the sting made me tighten against the plug and my clit pulsed.

"You want consequences?" he asked.

I kind of did.

I licked him lightly and let him make of that what he would.

"Good girl," he muttered, then went back to feeding.

It got so good I couldn't help it and again started desperately sucking his cock, pushing against my restraints in an ineffectual attempt to move my head up and down, my entire body tensing, preparing for the release he was building.

I lost his mouth again and I also lost his cock as he slid out from under me.

"No," I whispered then felt the bed move and my body move as he tugged the ropes and I lost the room I gained when he moved from beneath me. Again I was immobile.

"Consequences," he rumbled then I felt the crack of his hand on my ass.

I couldn't jump, but I could moan, and I did.

It came again, the plug up my ass making my spanking infinitely better, scoring fire straight to my clit.

Then it came again and again until I was unsuccessfully rearing into each amazing blow.

"My Cassie likes a red ass," he muttered.

"Yes."

He slid his fingers rough between my legs.

"Yeah," he growled. "Dripping."

"More, baby," I begged.

"No, woman, you worked me up, you take my cock now."

I did not protest.

Slow and careful, he slid the plug out and I moaned when he did.

It was barely gone before he drove inside my pussy.

I whimpered.

Deacon fucked me and he did it hard.

Then I felt the crack of his hand on my thigh.

"Clutch my dick," he ordered, still thrusting.

I tightened around him.

"That's it, Cassie," he groaned, wrapped his fingers around my hips and held my already stationary body more stationary as he drilled me.

I came first, crying out, my hands fisting, my toes curling, my body trembling.

Deacon moved to mounting me, curled around my body, hand in the bed, his other hand went between my legs, finger at my clit.

"Again," he demanded.

"Okay," I gasped, still coming.

He pressed and rolled and fucked me until I was making constant mews of pleasure I couldn't even begin to stop.

"Oh God, fuck me, Deacon. Harder, baby."

If I could have a coherent thought, I wouldn't imagine he could do it.

He did.

I started keening.

"Red ass, bound fixed, hole oiled, takin' my cock, best you ever had, Cassie?" he grunted.

"Best," I moaned, "I ever," I kept moaning. "Had." I breathed then came, tensing so tight, I thought I would break apart.

Deacon lifted up, smacked my thigh again, and demanded raspingly, "Fuck yeah, Cassie, clutch my dick."

I didn't have to try; my pussy was doing it for me.

"Fuck," he grunted, pounded deep, and then I heard his disjointed groan of release as he kept taking me.

I knew he was coming down when the thrusts gentled.

I knew he was done when he slid out.

I said nothing when I felt him leave the bed. Just stayed where I was because I had no choice, shivering happy shivers in the aftermath.

He came back and gently cleaned me with a warm cloth.

He left again.

I waited.

He returned and I felt his lips brush my ass and down my thigh. He bent low and kissed my sex. Then up on the other cheek of my ass.

I did the only thing I could do, stayed completely still and gloried in his tenderness.

I felt him position on his knees between my legs before I felt his hands roaming over my skin.

I sighed.

"You like this better than tied spread eagle?" he asked quietly.

"Yes," I answered quietly.

"Can you tell me why?"

"Saw a picture," I whispered. "When I was seventeen. A woman in a magazine like this."

His hands kept moving light and sweet over my skin.

"You liked it."

"Yes."

"I like it, too, baby. You right there like that for me, gorgeous."

My insides warmed.

"The plug enough?"

I didn't understand his question.

"Sorry?"

He slid his hands to my hips, one thumb moving out to rest against my anus.

"Took to your plug like your pussy takes my cock. Got that one. Got a bigger one."

My thighs quivered.

He either sensed it or they did it visibly because he moved his hand, fingers whispering between my legs and I made a mew, it felt so hot, nice, and sweet.

"She wants more," he muttered.

Suddenly, and for the first time, I felt not right.

"I'm not weird."

The air in the room stilled before the bed moved and I felt his teeth sink into the tender cheek of my ass.

He must have lifted because his voice came from above as his hand cupped my sex and he said, "Nothin' is weird."

"Okay," I whispered.

"You like a full ass while I play, that's what you like. That's it. It's not weird."

"Okay, Deacon."

"You want it, Cassie, told you time and again, I'll give it to you."

"Thank you, honey."

"Would love to keep you like this, make you wait, come back and play, but I want your arms around me for a while and then I want you to suck my dick vanilla."

That got me another thigh quiver.

"You ready to be released?"

"Whatever you want, honey."

That got me another brush of his lips across the cheek of my ass before he moved to release the bonds.

It took a bit to work the kinks out but I did this as Deacon adjusted the covers from under us to over us. I kept doing it, stretching and arching, while he pulled me into his arms.

Finally, I wrapped mine around him.

"You good with me bein' here three weeks?" he asked when I was settled.

I was good with him being there forever. He might not know that, but he did know from the smile I gave him that morning that I was good for the three weeks.

"Don't ask questions you know the answer to, Deacon Deacon," I answered.

He chuckled.

I settled into the sound.

"You wanna know what all I bought you?" he went on.

He got me more?

I didn't want to know. I wanted the surprise.

"Surprise me," I told his chest.

"You got it," he murmured, his hand sliding over my hip to my still heated ass. "This good?"

"Oh yeah."

I heard the smile in his, "My Cassie likes to get spanked."

I figured he could feel my smile against his chest but I said nothing.

Deacon fell into my silence.

I cuddled closer.

His hand eventually left my ass and curled me even closer when he asked quietly, "Those two, three babies?"

My body tensed. "Yeah?"

"This stays good, woman, wanna make 'em with you."

I closed my eyes tight.

"I know that's too soon. I also don't give a fuck," he continued.

"It is not too soon," I replied firmly.

There was a moment of silence then, "Fuck, my Cassie."

This sounded like a groan and I loved that emotion so much I lifted up and looked down at him.

"That's me," I stated, still firm, totally unyielding. "Your Cassie. And you're my Deacon."

His hand started sliding up my side as his lips ordered, "Quiet."

I was never quiet.

Or, at least, that occasion came rarely.

"You should know, I'm claiming you."

"Woman, quiet," he growled.

"Just saying, you can leave, but I want you back. You can stay as long as you stay and I'll take you. And I hope you start doing that work to leave that life you're leading when you're not with me because I want there to come a time when I can eat my cereal while you open the door."

His brows shot together. "Eat your cereal while I open the door?"

"When you're with me in a way you're not leaving," I explained.

His brows stopped knitting but his face turned into a scowl. "Fuck, woman, shut up."

"Too much too soon?" I asked, like it was a dare.

"Fuck no."

"Okay, then quit your bitching."

He glowered at me.

Then he grinned.

"Total boss."

"A girl has to be when her man's a badass."

"Like you weren't one before."

My eyes slid away. "Whatever."

"She was one before," he muttered.

I ignored him.

"Cassie."

My eyes slid back.

Deacon's arm left me so he could frame the side of my face. I waited for words but he said nothing. Just looked at me, his eyes moving to my hair, my lips, but they never left me.

Then they came to mine as his thumb swept my cheek and I knew he was done with his moment.

So I asked, "You want that vanilla blowjob now?"

He burst out laughing.

I settled into the sound.

But while he was still doing it, I swept the covers off our bodies.

He quit laughing and groaned when I commenced my vanilla blowjob.

Deacon came in my mouth.

I came around his fingers.

As always, it was glorious.

Chapter Fifteen

I'm Glad

A week later, I walked in the house from the shed, where I'd been laundering sheets, folding them, and putting them in the linen cabinet there (though I'd stopped to deadhead some of the flowers in my pots on the steps of my porch).

I just got the door closed when Bossy trotted out of the downstairs powder room, stopped, looked up at me, and yapped.

"What's going on, baby?" I asked.

She yapped again.

I didn't speak Bossy, though I was learning, so I did my best to translate and walked to the door of the powder room, Bossy on my heels.

I stopped in the door and stared at Deacon on his back on the floor, his head and shoulders wedged between the opened doors of the vanity, a wrench in his hand, a brand new, non-rust-stained, scalloped-edged, totally awesome sink where the old one used to be. A new, expensive-looking, beveled-edged mirror had already been switched out with the old, ugly, tawdry, gilt-edged one.

Suffice it to say, although I'd got rid of the ugly wallpaper and painted the room a pretty green, I hadn't found the money to switch out the sink and mirror.

"What on earth?" I asked the room but it was aimed at Deacon.

What didn't seem that long ago, I'd been having coffee with Milagros at my kitchen table.

Deacon, who was giving us space doing Deacon things in secret Deacon places (this didn't happen much; when he was with me, he was with me in all the ways that could entail), walked one foot in the kitchen and stopped.

"Milagros," he said, dipping his chin to her, and he looked at me. "Later, woman."

Before I could ask, he was out the door.

Milagros had looked my way and raised her brows.

I'd looked at her and shrugged.

We'd had our gab while we finished our coffee and she went down to finish the cabins. I went down with her and got the sheets. I'd put sheets in earlier so I got caught up in that, as well as organizing the space and making note I needed to corral Deacon and get to a Costco to buy more detergent, fabric softener, and glass cleaner refill.

Now I was back.

And I had a new sink.

And mirror.

Bossy was doing her best to wedge herself in the bottom of the vanity to keep Deacon company as he kept working and didn't answer my question.

"Deacon," I called sharply.

"Sink was crap. Got you a new sink."

"And the mirror?" I pushed.

"Arguably more crap," he answered.

He was not wrong.

Still.

I drew in a breath and as I did, it hit me.

"So, in order to avoid an argument about who was paying for said sink...and mirror...you just didn't bring it up at all and went about your merry way."

"Yup," he replied nonchalantly.

I clenched my teeth.

I unclenched them to snap, "Deacon-"

"Cassidy, do I use this sink?"

"Not the point," I hissed.

"Am I gonna be usin' this sink repeatedly for the foreseeable future?"

He was, damn the man.

"Not the point either."

It took effort and I watched him make that effort to unwedge his broad shoulders from the vanity, do an ab curl to sitting on his jeans-clad ass on the powder room floor, and train his eyes to me.

Bossy climbed out of the vanity and yapped.

"Give this to me."

"Dea-"

"Baby, I need it. Give it to me."

I shut my mouth.

"Your people are comin' soon. You want to give them a nice place?" he asked.

"Rust stains are hardly the end of the world," I noted.

"Right. Then you want them to feel good that you're in a place that's nice and gettin' nicer? Not rundown and they leave, worried about when you'll be able to get around to doin' good things for you to make yourself a home?"

I wanted to kick him (though, not really). This was because none of this was the point but he was making it the point in a way that wasn't wrong.

This was also because I'd had the conversation with my father four times when he'd come to visit, offered to switch out that sink, and I'd declined, asserting my independence (as always).

Dad would be ecstatic that old sink was gone.

Mom would be ecstatic that ugly mirror was history.

With no other way to save face, I declared, "You're supremely annoying."

He grinned. "Yep. That's me."

"Should this continue to be as awesome as it is, we trundle toward together and make those babies, if we have daughters I'm starting How to Deal with Badasses when they're five."

His eyes were lit but his expression was full-on tender when he returned, "We have boys, they get How to Deal with Stubborn Bitches Who Argue About Meaningless Shit starting at three."

"Again, Deacon Deacon, women dislike being called bitches," I shot back.

"That'll be part of my lesson to the boys," he volleyed.

I rolled my eyes, unable to carry on just thinking of giving him sons.

Or daughters.

Deacon tired of the conversation and re-wedged himself under the sink.

Bossy looked from Deacon to me and back to Deacon, deciding he was more fun. I knew this when she pushed herself into the vanity, getting in his way, and yapping orders at him.

I left the bathroom.

I mean, what other option was open to me?

Damn the man.

* * * * *

Deep into the night three days later, I woke when Deacon trailed his fingers between my legs.

Coming sleepily cognizant of where I was, how I was, and what was happening, I felt myself get wet and a sharp tingle assaulted me. This was because, before we went to sleep, Deacon left me tied to the bed, on my stomach, arms not out but tied together above my head to the headboard.

My legs were spread eagle. This was so he could sleep beside me and do it tangling his heavy legs with my stationary one.

You would think you couldn't sleep that way, but after the orgasm he'd given me hours ago, I had no problem falling right into dreamland.

"Woke hard," he whispered in my ear.

He meant hard, as in ready.

I licked my lips.

His finger whispered light at my clit and kept doing it.

I pressed my lips together to hold back my whimper.

"Gonna take me, Cassie," he told me.

"Okay."

"Gonna take me hard."

"Okay," I repeated.

"Hear me, you're gonna take me, baby."

I didn't know what he meant.

But I didn't care.

I'd take whatever he gave me and I'd proved that repeatedly, sleeping bound one of the ways I did.

"Whatever you want, honey."

"Yeah," he replied with approval, kissed my neck, my shoulder, then he set about doing whatever he wanted.

This included fingering my clit until I was tense, fighting my ties, whimpering, and lifting my ass to demand more. Then it included him moving over me and fucking my cunt until I moaned desperately into the pillows.

And finally it included him oiling me and himself in preparation before he fucked me up the ass, up on one forearm in the bed, hand in and curled around my breast, thumb rubbing my nipple, body mostly on mine, other hand shoved under me working my clit.

I came hard with him up my ass.

Deacon came hard up my ass.

He'd never taken me there.

I fucking loved it.

With him still inside me, he stopped teasing my nipple and just held my breast, his breath labored but evening.

"Better every day?" I whispered, my voice husky and replete.

He pressed into my ass.

"Don't ask questions you know the answer to, baby."

I smiled lazily.

Deacon slid out gently.

He cleaned me tied, untied me, let me work out the kinks then positioned me tucked to his side.

"You sleep okay?" he asked quietly, stroking the skin at my hip with his fingertips.

"Definitely."

He said nothing for a moment before he asked, "You like it?"

"Yes, honey."

"Okay, Cassie, then it sucks, but I didn't."

I blinked at his chest.

"It'll happen again 'cause I liked wakin', ready to take you bound," he stated. "But I prefer you free to nestle into me."

I so loved this man.

"Then we won't do it again," I said.

"We'll do it, but like this. I give that to you for a while, then I fuck you, then you give me this."

Another badass compromise.

I pressed closer. "Works for me."

His stopped stroking my skin, slid his hand over the cheek of my ass and in the cleft, where his middle finger rested light against me.

"This okay?"

"Yes, baby," I whispered.

"Harder and rougher or gentler and slower?"

I closed my eyes, loving the feel of Deacon giving me anything.

I opened my eyes. "Whatever you want."

"I'm up your ass, Cassie, it has to be what you want."

I sighed and replied, "We could try harder and rougher, but I'd also like to try gentler and slower."

He slid his hand back to my hip, murmuring, "You got it."

"Deacon?" I called.

"Yeah, Cassie."

"Thanks for letting me be me."

His body tensed and his arm squeezed.

"I, some guys would think that I..." I stopped, swallowed, and continued. "In bed and out, bossy, independent, ornery, and what I like done to me, they'd think-"

He saved me by cutting me off. "Then good you didn't get some guy, Cassidy. Good you found me."

He was so right.

I turned my head and kissed his chest.

He slid his hand into my hair. "You know that goes both ways."

I turned my head back and rested my cheek to his warm skin. "Any girl would be lucky to have you."

That got me his body tense again and his fingers in my hair pressed into my scalp.

I felt him relax before he said, 'You know that goes both ways, too."

I loved him. God, I loved him. And I wanted to tell him. I was aching to tell him.

I didn't tell him.

I bossed, "Got to sleep, Deacon."

"Only if you go there with me, Cassidy."

I smiled at his chest.

He slid his hand out of my hair, taking his time, then wrapped his arm around me.

And together, we fell asleep.

* * * * *

The next afternoon, I shut down my computer after dealing with bills, e-mails, bookings, and trolling websites to see if there were more travel sites where I should register Glacier Lily.

I got up, went to the kitchen, and looked out the windows to see Deacon on the porch, feet up on the railing.

I went to the door, opened it, and Bossy, who was allowed on the porch since the slats in the railings weren't big enough for her to push through, came bounding to me.

I bent and scratched my dog, calling, "You need a drink, honey?"

"Got one," Deacon replied.

I looked to Bossy and shoved her back a bit, saying, "I'll be out in a sec."

I closed the door, got my cold drink, then went out to join Deacon on the porch.

I stopped dead behind his chair, seeing he had a spiral notebook he'd purloined from my desk pressed to his thigh, a pencil in his hand, and he was sketching a gazebo.

He felt my presence. I knew when he asked, "You want one like this?" He flipped the page to another sketch of gazebo. "Or like this?"

"I...uh..." For once in my life, I was at a loss for words. This was because the proof was right in front of me that Deacon could sketch and he was good at it. This was also because both gazebos were beautiful. Far more spectacular than anything I'd dreamed up in my head. One was round with gorgeous carved slats in the railings and woodwork around the edge of the roof. The other was octagon, with different but still gorgeous carved slats and roof edges.

Both would be beautiful at Glacier Lily.

Amazing.

I went to my chair, rested my booty on the arm, and looked at him.

He was looking to the notepad.

"Can you build those?" I asked.

His eyes came to me. "Yeah."

"Really?"

"Not that tough, woman."

He was wrong. I knew nothing of carpentry, but I knew he was wrong.

I changed the subject.

"You can sketch?"

"Anyone can sketch."

"I can't sketch."

"It's not Michelangelo."

"It's still awesome."

His expression changed and I felt it. I felt the glory of it right to the heart of me.

But he said nothing.

"We get to that time, I want you to build the one you wanna build," I said.

"Your cabins, Cassidy."

I leaned in to him, holding his eyes, repeating soft but firm, "When we get to that time, baby, I want you to build the one you wanna build."

He got me. I knew it. I knew it when the pad was tossed to the deck, my drink taken out of my hand and set on the deck, and my hand was seized so Deacon could tug me up, around, and over him until I was in the seat, straddling him, ass to his lap.

His hand was in my hair pulling me down, other hand at my ass.

That time, he communicated through his kiss, its depth, its gorgeousness, and its length.

In fact, we made out for ages, me in Deacon's lap in his Adirondack chair on my porch by a river in the Colorado Mountains.

And again, I was reminded that I was finally a woman who had everything she'd ever dreamed.

And I was gleefully happy.

* * * * *

Two days later, I stood next to the fancy new grill (that I bought Deacon, payback, ha!) at the end of my porch, eyes trained to the river.

Deacon was there, Araceli, Esteban, and Gerardo all standing close, eyes rapt with attention, watching Deacon teach them to bait a hook on a fishing pole. Araceli had Bossy's long lead in her hand and Bossy was nose to the grass, discovering.

Silvia and Margarita were with their dad ten feet away, all of them had poles in the water, but Silvia's eyes weren't to her line. They were on Deacon.

"Euw!" Gerardo shrieked and I grinned.

Milagros came up beside me. "My son is not a fan of worms, so I did believe he'd appreciate seeing one tortured. I guess I was wrong."

I looked to her and grinned.

She looked to me and did not grin. "There was something else I was wrong about." Her gaze slid sideways and I knew she was looking to Deacon.

I also knew what she was saying.

I looked back to Deacon and watched as he gently moved the group away so he could show them how to cast a line.

My man, he had many talents, all of the new ones awaiting me I couldn't wait to discover.

"I felt that, with Manuel, what's in your eyes," she said softly.

I again knew what she was saying.

"I'm glad," I replied softly, and I was. I loved it that my friend had the splendor I was feeling.

"Feel it every time he looks at one of our children like he can't believe they're real."

I loved that she had that, too. She deserved that. So did Manuel. So did the kids.

I felt tears sting my nose.

"Sometimes, he looks at me that way," she carried on. "To this day."

I turned to her, reaching out to clasp her hand.

She looked to me.

"I'm glad, honey," I whispered.

"He gives you that," she stated.

He did.

And him doing it gave me glee.

"Yes," I replied.

Her lips tipped up. "I'm glad, Cassidy."

I let her go but only to wrap my arms around her to give her a hug.

She gave it back to me.

When we were done, we didn't let each other go. Not completely. We kept an arm around each other and turned to the scene by the river, Deacon handing the pole to Gerardo while Esteban and Araceli gathered close. He was bent to the boy and I knew giving instruction.

He was going to be a great daddy.

Yes.

Deacon gave me glee.

And he did it in a way I never thought he'd take it from me. I just believed he'd always give it, freely.

I guess I was stupid that way.

Chapter Sixteen

Say Something

I was upstairs in the bedroom.

Deacon was downstairs in the foyer with Bossy. They were training. She'd mastered the commands of "sit" and "down," but she wasn't real hip on "stay."

Deacon was determined to make her that way.

It was hilarious. It was also cute.

Badass versus Boss Lady Puppy.

I couldn't predict a winner so I didn't try.

After his last awesome stay, Deacon had taken a job and come back. It was three days before my family was going to descend and there was a lot to do.

The house needed to be cleaned and we needed to go to the grocery store. This was because we were having a big spread the night they arrived. At Deacon's request, my loaded potato casserole (and because Dad liked it too) would be served and Deacon was going to grill steaks (another talent I discovered, my badass could man a grill).

The next night, we were having a big shindig. More barbequing, hotdogs, hamburgers, brats, chicken breasts. Milagros, Manuel, and the kids were coming, as well as few of my friends from town.

Deacon had not hesitated to approve his meeting of my friends. He did this over the phone while he was on his job.

"Whatever you want, Cassie."

Whatever I wanted.

I so loved Deacon Deacon.

And the last thing to do before my family descended, according to my man, was teach our dog to stay.

So I was giving them time and was up in the bedroom, determined to unpack Deacon's bag. He'd said this stay would be a month. He'd also said, "Gonna start cuttin' ties, Cassidy."

He didn't explain this fully.

He didn't have to.

I got it.

He was preparing to be with me.

Always.

And I was preparing to have him, doing this by making a point by unpacking his bag. I'd already cleared a drawer and space in the closet. I did this as a statement but I also did it because I was sick of tripping over his crap when I was in the closet.

A win-win for me.

I was also going to corral Lacey into going shopping with me. Deacon looked good in his tees, shirts, jeans, and definitely his belts. He had kickass belts.

But he didn't have many clothes.

I was going to rectify that. If he didn't want to take them on the road, that was okay. They could stay home.

Home.

With me.

I grinned.

He'd tossed his dirty stuff in the laundry so I dragged the bag out of the closet and put it on the bed. Tees, socks, and boxer briefs in the drawer. Belts (two of them, he had three, one he was wearing) on the hooks on the wall in the closet. Extra pair of boots on the floor. Jeans (three pairs, all faded; as hot as they were, definitely needed new) and shirts on hangers. Dopp kit in the bathroom, unpacked and put in a drawer. Then there were the three thick rolls of bills, the outside bills in denominations ranging from twenty to one hundred held tight by rubber bands that I found, ignored (but didn't, since I had to touch them), and put in with his socks and briefs.

And then it happened.

I was down to the bottom, feeling the loose change, forgotten receipts, and lint brushing my fingers in the bag, and I hit what felt like paper. Slick paper.

I closed my fingers around it and pulled it out.

It was a white piece of photograph paper and it was in a bad state. A corner ripped, the paper crumpled and wrinkled like it took a battering but was consistently smoothed out.

My brows drew together. I flipped it.

And stopped breathing.

The image on the paper burned into my eyes, the pain immense, searing into my brain.

Deacon in a tux, a pretty blonde woman in the curve his arm.

She was holding a bouquet of flowers and wearing a wedding gown.

Both of them were smiling.

Smiling and happy.

Younger, much younger, the rugged had not yet settled in Deacon's face.

But it sure as fuck was Deacon.

Deacon married.

Married.

My lungs caught fire and I forced myself to breathe.

I stared at the picture, unable to tear my eyes away, thoughts crashing into my brain.

He worked jobs.

Jobs away from me.

The phone he used when he was around me was a burner. I knew it, though never asked to confirm. A flip phone. No one had flip phones anymore. It was cheap and had no features. Only voicemail and text.

He had another phone. He had to. A smartphone.

He'd said back when we had the situation with those punks that he'd taken pictures and there was no way he went to his cabin to go get a camera.

He took them on his phone.

A phone his wife had the number to, not me. If I did, she might see me call. If I did, she might know about me.

And he didn't take my calls. He didn't take them unless he was in a place to take them or call me back, which was infrequently.

I stared at her in the picture and it gave me no comfort to see she was pretty. Very. But I knew with the exotic features my parents gave me, I had that on her.

He said he never smiled before me.

And there he was, smiling.

Happy.

Married.

Unable to stand anymore, I shoved the bag out of my way, tossed the picture on the bed, and sat on it, like sitting on it would make it not be real.

I knew nothing of him.

Not one fucking thing.

Nothing I could trace him by. Nothing that would lead me to the life he led when he was away from me with another woman. The woman who could legally claim him. The woman who was really his.

Not me.

God, he'd made me a cheater.

God! Did he have children?

"Woman!"

My eyes shot to the door and my throat closed.

Did he call her "woman?"

Did he call her "baby?"

"Cassidy!"

He was coming closer.

I didn't move. I had to use all my energy not to throw up on the floor and I did this stupidly, because I did it wondering what he told her when he came to me, and that made me feel even sicker.

Deacon, so smart, why would he carry their picture with him?

It was like he wanted me to find out.

And maybe he did. Maybe that guilt at wanting me that ate at him all those years until he couldn't control the urge anymore made him carry that picture. Take her with him when he was with me. Bring her into my house.

My fucking house.

But he'd said he was cutting ties. Did that mean he was leaving her? Leaving her and coming to me? Making me not only a cheater but a home-wrecker?

"Cassie."

He was in the door.

"What's your last name?" I asked, surprised my voice was so strong.

And so void.

I watched his body tense but his eyes moved to the bag then cut back to mine.

He took a step in and I lifted my hand.

He stopped and his face closed down. Totally. I watched that mask snap into place and it had been so long since I'd had it, I forgot how much it hurt when he gave it to me.

"What's your first name?" I went on.

He didn't move and didn't speak, eyes locked to mine. He didn't even launch in, giving me crap about invading his privacy by unpacking his bag.

"What's your birthday?" I kept at him.

Not a muscle moved.

"Where did you grow up? What are your parents' names? Are they alive? Did you play sports in high school? Did you even go to high school?" I fired at him.

He said nothing.

I stared into his tawny eyes, feeling just what he wanted me to feel. Closed out and in the cold.

And that cold was cold. So cold it was a wonder my teeth weren't chattering.

"Do you love me?" I asked suddenly.

He moved then, but only to speak.

"Yes," he clipped.

He loved me.

Bullshit.

I reached to the mattress, found the edge of the photo, yanked it out, and showed it to him.

His eyes went to it.

No reaction.

Not. One. Thing.

Seriously?

"Do you love her?"

He looked to me but said nothing.

"Do you have children?"

"No," he bit out.

At least there was that. Daddy wasn't a philanderer.

"Can she give them to you?"

His jaw clenched.

She couldn't.

He wanted kids.

Enter me.

"Do you have a dog?"

He said nothing.

"A cat?"

Nothing.

"A gerbil?"

He gave me not one thing.

I stopped speaking.

Deacon didn't move.

Neither did I.

We stared at each other across the room, her picture between us.

This lasted a lifetime.

"Say something," I begged on a whisper.

He said nothing.

"Say something," I repeated, my eyes burning now for a different reason, tears fighting to be unleashed.

Deacon just stared at me. His gaze dropped to the picture I held his way in my lap. Then it came back to me.

And still nothing.

"You need to say something, Deacon. You need to give me something, anything."

He didn't speak.

"You said you'd give me anything," I accused.

A muscle ticked in his jaw and he finally spoke. "Told you I'd give it if I had it in me to give. You don't get that."

That didn't make any sense.

"You're married," I hissed.

"Trust me."

Was he crazy?

"How?" I cried, tossing an arm out and throwing the picture across the room to make my point. It fluttered a few feet and fell, face down.

"You don't get her."

I didn't get her?

What the hell did that mean?

I stood from the bed. "That doesn't make any sense, Deacon."

"You don't get her," he repeated.

I leaned toward him and shrieked, "That doesn't make any sense!"

He again said nothing.

"Explain it to me," I demanded.

He stood there, body wired and alert, the room filled with something vicious, and...he...said...nothing.

"Explain it to me!" I screamed.

Deacon didn't explain it to me.

"Say something," I snapped. "You have to. You don't get that, Deacon." I jabbed a finger to the picture on the floor. "You don't get that from me. You don't bring that in my house. To my cabins. To my bed." I sucked in breath and screeched, "Say something!"

"Cassidy, you gotta believe in me."

"Fuck that," I hissed. "Fuck you. Fuck not knowing your name or your birthday or anything about your life before me and when you're away from me. Fuck that!"

"You got it all from me."

He could not be believed.

"I have nothing from you except what you give to me when you take from me, and you know precisely what I mean," I shot back maliciously.

"You know that's bullshit," he clipped.

"I...know..." I leaned deep, "nothing." I shook my head, straightening. "I can't do this. I thought I could because I felt so fucking much for you. I felt everything for you. From the first moment you stood at my door when Grant and I were fighting, I felt it. I didn't get it, but I felt it. But I can't. I can't do it. I tried and I can't. And you know what? You shouldn't ask me to."

He was silent.

"You have to give me something," I demanded.

"You got everything you need," he returned. "Dig deep, you know it, woman."

Dig deep.

He was. He was insane.

"You can't be believed," I snapped.

"Dig deep."

"Fuck that, too," I bit off.

He leaned toward me and roared, "Fuckin' dig deep, Cassidy!"

"Fuck that!" I shouted back, so done with this, I couldn't be more done. "I unpacked your shit. Middle drawer. Closet. Pack it and get out."

I stomped to the door and he moved in a way I knew he was going to stop me so I jerked to a halt and gave him slitted eyes.

"You touch me, I'll fight you until I die," I hissed, watched his chin jerk into his neck but that was all I saw.

I stormed out.

I went directly to my computer. I did what I needed to do there, one last chance.

One...last...fucking...chance.

I yanked the flash drive out.

Then I stomped back up the stairs.

Deacon was not in the room but I knew he was there. His bag was on the bed, mostly packed.

He was in the bathroom getting his crap.

The picture was no longer on the floor.

He was leaving me.

He was shoving her back in his bag and leaving me.

I didn't let that penetrate. Couldn't. If I did, I'd come flying apart.

I stood in the doorway and tossed the flash drive across the room. It landed on the bed.

"You've got an hour. Flash drive on the bed. Listen, Deacon, make your decision. Then let me know by being gone or being here and knowing what you have to give me," I called into the room. "I'm leaving. I'll be back in an hour."

I didn't wait for him to come out of the bathroom.

I stomped out of the room but went to the kitchen where Deacon closed in my fucking dog and I brought her with me when I took off.

If he was going to leave, he was not going to get the idea to take my dog.

We drove around for an hour, Bossy having a whale of a time, nose sniffing at the crack in the window she couldn't reach, my eyes burning from forcing them wide open, my head hurting from concentrating so hard on what I was doing, and not on anything else, so we wouldn't crash.

After an hour, we came home.

The house was empty.

I wasn't surprised.

But I was destroyed.

Completely.

Utterly.

In a way I knew I'd never be right again.

Not ever again.

Until the day I died.

I collapsed on the floor of my foyer.

And I learned something.

Puppies licked tears away.

And Boss Lady had her work cut out for her.

In the end, I found she was good at it.

It didn't make me feel better.

Not at all.

Chapter Seventeen

Let Her Go

Deacon

Deacon Gates lay on his back in the bed in the hotel room, his laptop open beside him, the flash drive Cassie gave him stuck in the side, iTunes up, the sounds of the piano coming from the speakers.

A Great Big World and Christina Aguilera singing "Say Something."

The words started.

They cut deep.

He no longer felt it. He'd listened to the song fifty times. There wasn't an inch of him that wasn't lacerated.

The song ended and he started again.

Halfway through, his phone rang.

He paused the song, took the call, and listened to the asshole, piece of shit, dregs of humanity on the other end of the line asking for his help.

When the fucker was done speaking, Deacon said, "I'll be there tomorrow."

He flipped the phone closed and slid his finger on the mouse pad, starting the song at the beginning.

He listened.

And again.

And repeat.

He didn't sleep.

He didn't eat.

And early the next morning, he checked out and drove three states to help some asshole, piece of shit, dregs of humanity take care of his shit.

* * * * *

It was raining when Deacon slid his Suburban up to the little, tidy house on the street filled with little, tidy houses in Iowa.

The steps up to the house were near to covered with pots filled with flowers, only a narrow clearing was available to make your way to the house.

That was his mother. She liked her flowers.

Like Cassie.

He looked to the windows and saw his dad in a lounger, TV on, game playing.

He'd given up the farm.

He'd had no choice. He got old and his son had no interest in it. Never did. Always went his own way.

Until he just went away.

Deacon watched through the rain into the window until he saw his mother come in, two glasses in her hands, an iced tea for her, Deacon knew, an Arnold Palmer for his dad.

His dad took the drink. His mom bent to kiss his cheek.

She sat in the lounger next to her husband.

Deacon kept watching as he put the truck into drive.

Then he looked to the street as he pulled away from the curb.

* * * * *

It was still raining the next day when Deacon stood by the grave, eyes on the headstone.

Jeanine Ann Gates. Beloved wife and daughter. Always remembered.

Her parents put that shit on about beloved wife.

She was.

Then she wasn't.

"You broke me," he whispered to the headstone.

If she was there, she'd start crying. She'd mean those tears. She felt hard, when she let herself feel, which was why she did everything in her power to stop feeling.

She succeeded.

Spectacularly.

"Let me go."

He closed his eyes and waited.

He saw her on that barstool trying not to let him catch her watching him. He saw her walking down the aisle, smiling at him so big, already crying happy tears and she hadn't even made it to his side. He saw her bending to the oven, taking out yet another fucking tray of cookies.

And he saw her hanging from the hook, suspended in the sling, taking another man's cock.

"Let me go," he repeated.

She didn't let him go.

The bitch never did.

* * * * *

Deacon sat in a dingy, old roadside diner, a cup of black coffee in front of him, the place deserted because it was three in the morning, his eyes out the window, focused on the dark sky.

It never happened so he didn't know why it did then. He didn't give a shit about music. He didn't give a shit about anything. Jeannie taught him that just as Cassie did everything she could to teach him something else.

But the song playing in the diner hit him, every word, each stabbing like a knife in his chest.

He didn't know why he did it but he picked up his phone, the real one he never gave Cassie the number to mostly because he was going to dump it when he left the life and get a new one.

He hit the Shazam button, an app he'd never used. An app Raid's woman, Hanna, loaded on to it, teasing him, "Everyone has Shazam, Deacon."

Shazam listened and told him the song was Passenger, "Let Her Go."

Let her go.

Let.

Let.

That's what he'd done. He'd done it. He'd let Cassie go.

He took a sip of his coffee, leaned forward, pulled out his wallet, threw some bills on the table that would make the night of the lonely waitress in her short skirt and ridiculous cap, who, by the look of her, needed to retire twenty years ago.

He left the diner, got in his Suburban, and drove away.

* * * * *

For some fucked up reason he didn't get, the minute he got to a place that had Wi-Fi, he went out, bought an iTunes gift card, and downloaded "Let Her Go."

He listened to it often, every word defining him in a way that was troubling, as if the man who wrote that song read the words carved into his soul.

It was torture.

But it was a break from the torture of playing Cassie's song.

And he'd take that.

Because it was all he deserved.

* * * * *

Knight Sebring

Knight hit Raid's contact and put the phone to his ear.

"Yo," Raid answered.

"Yo, Hanna good?" Knight asked and heard Raid chuckle.

"Yeah, man, so am I, in case you're wondering."

Knight wasn't in the mood.

"You hear from Deacon?" he asked.

The humor was gone and Raid's voice was alert when he answered, "No."

"Nothing?"

"Talk to me," Raid bit out, now not just alert, but uneasy.

"Got word, coupla sources, he's keepin' bad company."

"Name of the game, Knight."

"Deacon had boundaries and we both know that. Now, it would seem he doesn't."

"Names," Raid demanded, now curt.

Alarmed.

Knight gave him the names.

"Jesus," Raid murmured.

Yeah. Jesus.

Bad company.

"You gonna find him and talk to his ass, or am I?" Knight asked.

"I gotta talk to Hanna then I'm on the road."

That was good because Knight could afford the best and the best at finding people were Deacon and Raid and if either one of them didn't want to be found, there wasn't a snowball's chance in hell of finding them.

Unless one was looking for the other.

"You need me, I'm there," Knight told him.

"Gotcha. Later. And Knight?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks."

Raid disconnected.

Knight threw his phone on his desk and got back to work.

But as he did it, he was uneasy.

* * * * *

Deacon

Deacon should have pulled his gun just to put the fear of God into him when he opened the door to his hotel room, but he didn't. He didn't, partly because Raid used his own vehicle because he wasn't hiding shit and partly because it'd take a fuckuva lot more than a gun trained on him to put the fear of God in Raid Miller.

He closed the door and Raid switched on the light by the chair he was sitting in.

"Fuck, seriously? Drama?" he growled.

"Hear you're not keepin' good company, Deacon," Raid returned.

Deacon crossed his arms on his chest. "Was wonderin' why you were here. Now I'm wonderin' when you thought my shit was any business of yours."

"You're not messy," Raid pointed out.

"Money's better messy," Deacon replied.

"Since when did you need money?" Raid asked.

"Since I decided to buy an island and move there with my favorite volleyball," Deacon shot back, watched his friend's lips twitch, ignored it, and moved into the room, shrugging off his coat and throwing it on the bed.

"You're off the grid," Raid said, his voice suddenly low. "Then, hear word you're not off the grid, you're fuckin' vapor. Weeks on end."

His time with Cassie.

Deacon cut his eyes to him barely turning his head.

Raid knew why.

"What was her name?" he asked quietly.

Deacon looked away, shoving his hands into his pockets, tossing keys and change onto the bureau, saying, "None of your fuckin' business."

He'd made a mistake years ago. He let Raid Miller in. He started liking him. He let the guy get to know him. He picked a guy who was not stupid and he got to know Deacon. Now Deacon knew he couldn't hide shit from Raid Miller.

So he didn't bother to try.

"What's her name?" Raid pushed.

Deacon turned and leaned back against the bureau, stretching his legs in front of him, crossed at the ankles, arms crossed on his chest. He gave the man his eyes but said nothing.

"You keep her clean?" Raid asked.

"She's clean."

"No one knows about her?"

"No one."

"She burn you or you burn her?"

"Are you not gettin' I don't wanna talk about this?" Deacon asked.

Raid studied him.

Then he remarked, "Man's burned by a woman, he moves on. He burns a good woman, he kicks his own ass until he finds another woman and learns not to do that shit."

There was no other woman for him.

Not one.

Deacon said nothing.

"The way you're kickin' your ass, Deacon, could get you dead."

"And that matters how?"

The air in the room went static.

"Are you fuckin' serious?" Raid demanded to know.

Deacon decided on more silence.

"One of the best men I've ever met," Raid told him and that was good to know. Raid was a good man and it was good to have that back.

He still didn't reply.

"Hanna likes you," Raid stated.

"No. Your woman loves you. She loves you so much she can't see straight. She likes me 'cause you like me. She'd like Hitler if you liked Hitler."

When he was finished talking, he clenched his jaw, the Hitler reference cutting close to the bone and he'd done it to his damned self.

"You believe that, you're whacked," Raid returned.

"Never said I was sane, brother."

"Who said you couldn't be happy?" Raid retorted, impatience in his tone.

"I'm poison," Deacon reminded him.

"She did it to herself."

"I didn't see it happening."

"She did it to herself," Raid repeated.

"I didn't protect her."

"She did it to herself," Raid said again and Deacon lost it.

Uncrossing his arms and curling his fingers around the edge of the bureau, he leaned toward his friend. "Ass in a sling, brother, hangin' from her hands on a hook, legs tied wide open, pussy offered, mindlessly takin' cock. And they were lined up for her, Raiden, lined up to take their turn. All that so she could get her fix."

Raid flinched, muttering, "Deacon."

"Charged in there, got her down from that hook, she looked at me, had no clue who I was. No fuckin' clue. She sold the rings I gave her to buy heroin, but I gave her those rings, man. She walked down the aisle to me cryin', she was so happy, and she didn't know me. Tried to get her out of there, got the beating of a lifetime, took it, fought it, nearly died from it. Through that, she wandered back into that fuckin' hellhole to be strung back up, fucked in the cunt, up her ass, jacked off on, my wife covered in dozens of men's cum, that shit dripping out of every orifice they could reach, not feelin' shit but the high or the need for another needle filled with junk. Her husband outside, left in the alley, near dead, and she didn't give a shit. "

"That's it, man, she didn't give a shit."

"She was my wife."

Raid leaned in to his elbows on his knees. "By then, your wife was dead. That piece was nothing and she did it to herself."

Deacon shook his head. "We're done talkin' about this."

"You said she had good folks. All that was on her."

"Good folks?" Deacon asked. "Fuck, man, they hid that shit from me. Three stints in rehab before she was twenty. They didn't say shit. Jeannie sure as fuck didn't. I put that rock on her finger, they broke the record plannin' our wedding, tyin' her to me so I'd take on her shit. And they didn't clue me in to any of that."

"And that's your problem?" Raid asked. "You told me they were decent. That doesn't say decent, Deacon. That says they're bullshit liars, just like she was. They knew you were a good man. They tied your hands. You didn't know what you were dealing with. How could you do shit for her if you didn't know she had a problem?"

"Money went missing."

"And to stop it when you noticed that, she was turning tricks before she got in too deep and sold her soul to the devil. Or in her case, her body."

"I should never have told you any of this shit," Deacon ground out.

"You did. Deal with it and explain to me how that means, since she threw herself in the pit of hell, you have to live there with her even when the bitch is dead."

"She's my wife."

"Was your wife."

"I loved her," Deacon clipped. "Fuckin' loved her. Visualize Hanna on a hook, takin' cock that's not yours, and tell me you would not take that on, that she was with you and you were happy then she was on that hook and you didn't stop it."

Raid shut his mouth. He'd visualized and Deacon hated himself for giving his friend that but he had no choice.

So Deacon was going to give all of it to him so he'd shut the fuck up.

"You want it all?" Deacon asked but didn't let him answer. "Told you what I told you but didn't give it all to you, brother. You got grit, but no man has that much grit, I fuckin' know. So I saved you from the nightmare, but here it is."

He took in a breath and held Raid's eyes.

"I went back. Twice. Tried again to get her out. Twice. Once, got my ass shot at. By the time I got the firepower to take my back and made a plan to extract, my informant inside told me it was too late. She died on that hook, Raid. Overdose. They reckon she took cock from at least two guys in her dead body before someone figured it out and pulled her down."

"Jesus Christ," Raid whispered.

"Yeah. Pretty picture, isn't it?"

"Brother."

"Cleaned her with fuckin' bleach, dumped her in a ditch. Made the news. Missing woman found dead. Grieving family still relieved because they now have answers. Bullshit. Her parents were relieved the nightmare she made of her life was over. My parents were relieved, hoping the nightmare she made of my life was over. I was not relieved. Buried her, walked away. Walked away from her parents who did not give me the knowledge to find the tools to help my wife. Walked away from everything."

"I know."

"And that's where I gotta be."

Raid held his eyes.

Then he said, "Tell me her name and where she is."

Deacon's chest started burning. "Fuck, man, you do not get this but you're gonna have to. I'm not givin' you dick."

"She's clean, let me and my boys make sure she is. Check in on her, she'll never know. Keep an eye on her. Make certain nothin' from you leads to her."

"You think I'd let that happen?"

"No. I also think you love her and you're gonna give me her name and location so my boys and I can look after her so you can make sure she's covered even if you know she won't need it."

"Cassidy Swallow, Glacier Lily Cottages, Antler, Colorado."

"My backyard," Raid murmured.

"Yeah."

"You love her."

Deacon clenched his jaw again.

"You break her?" Raid asked.

That burn in his chest spread. "It'll be you lookin' in on her and don't give me your shit, Raid. I know it'll be you, you won't send one of your boys. You'll take care of her personally. So you'll see. And when you do, you'll know she'll find a man."

"You break her?" Raid pressed.

Tired of this shit, Deacon gave it to him.

"You heard the song 'Say Something?'"

Raid again flinched. He'd heard it.

"Yeah," Deacon whispered.

He broke her. He didn't stay around to watch. He still knew he did it.

That burn spread further.

Raid stood, saying quietly, "Give me something."

Deacon didn't respond.

"Come stay with me and Hanna. Give it one shot. See what it's like when a man feels like he lost everything good, gets a second chance, and learns his future includes better."

Deacon remained silent.

"It can happen for you if you let it."

"You want us to remain anything to each other, Miller, your time to stop talking is now."

He said it. He meant it.

Raid knew it.

His friend nodded.

Without another word, Raid walked to the door.

He was standing in it when he looked back to Deacon, and because he was a damned fine man, if an annoying one, he pushed it.

"Known you a long time, never knew you to be wrong," he began. "Until now. You deserve to be happy. You don't think you do but you're so fuckin' wrong, it hurts to be in the same room with you. But even if you don't believe that, I know in my gut you wouldn't find a woman who didn't deserve that too. And it's you takin' that from her."

"According to you, I was wrong the first time."

"Lesson one from Deacon when he taught me everything I know," Raid fired back. "You got one shot to learn from your mistakes. You think you drilled that into me, I don't know you never made the same mistake twice, you're fucked in the head." His voice lowered. "But I know you're not. I know you know she isn't Jeannie. And I know that this time, you should kick your own ass that you'd even insinuate that about the good woman who made a dead man's heart start beating again. A woman you broke."

On that, he closed the door.

* * * * *

Raiden Miller

Raid stood in the trees, binoculars to his eyes trained on the brunette doing something to the window boxes at one of the cabins littered by the river and through the woods.

He got it. He got it for a lot of reasons, not least of which she was fucking gorgeous. Unbelievable. Not a hint of makeup and she could be on the cover of Sports Illustrated in a bathing suit. If he didn't have beauty warming his bed and making his life so sweet it beat back nightmares that would break a man, he'd want in there.

But he had that so appreciation was all that Cassidy Swallow got.

She turned and he focused in, the high-powered field glasses taking him so close he could count the strands of her hair.

He drew in breath and dropped the binoculars.

Then he walked silently through the woods to his truck.

He got in, pulled out his phone, and made the call.

"Deacon."

"Just to confirm, she's safe."

No reply.

"Also to confirm, you broke her. She's breathing, but she's destroyed."

On that, he hung up.

* * * * *

Deacon

Deacon moved through his hotel room, preparing to go out and initiate the extraction.

Passenger was playing on his laptop.

She's breathing, but she's destroyed.

"Fuck," he clipped, stalked to his laptop, paused the song, moved his finger randomly on the mouse pad, and tapped the button.

And it started.

Forty seconds in, he stopped dead.

And listened.

Five minutes later, he was out the door.

He did the extraction. He delivered the package. He got paid.

Then he went back to his hotel room, packed up, checked out, and hit the road.

He left his wedding picture on the bed.

* * * * *

Marcus Sloan

"I'm out."

Marcus sat in his chair in Knight Sebring's office at his nightclub, Slade, Raiden Miller and Sebring sitting with him, his gaze on Deacon, his surprise at these words masked.

"Out?" Knight asked.

"Out. No more. I'm here askin' you to spread the word and cover my tracks. The man who worked the life is gone."

Marcus caught Raiden grinning at his lap.

"Out?" Knight repeated and Marcus looked to him.

"Out," Deacon grunted.

Marcus turned his attention to Deacon. "Cover your tracks to where?"

"Antler, Colorado. Got a war on my hands. I win it, I'm there until I die," Deacon answered.

With great interest, Marcus Sloan studied a soulless man resurrected.

And he did it gladly.

"What's in fuckin' Antler, Colorado?" Knight asked.

Deacon pushed his chair back, stood, looked down at Sebring, and replied, "Beautiful war."

On that, he walked out of the room.

The door closed on the soundproofed room before Raiden burst out laughing.

<br/>

Deacon's eyes went to the kitchen door.

I shouted, "Be good, Bossy!"

She quit barking.

I launched in immediately and his gaze shot back to mine.

"I think you know there's nothing to say. But since you're here, I figure you think there is. In order not to upset Milagros, and get Manuel involved, you're here. But now that she's gone, I'd request that you be the same."

"My wife is dead. She's been dead for ten years."

I fought falling back on a foot, his words feeling like blows, staring in his face, seeing nothing but believing every word he spoke.

But why hadn't he told me that before?

"She died ugly. I didn't protect her from it. I didn't save her from it. I loved her. She died but she didn't let go. I left you, I broke you, and my man Raid reamed my ass, but it didn't penetrate." He dug in his pocket, pulled his hand out, and it was sheer reflex that I lifted my hands to catch the flash drive he tossed my way. "That penetrated. You taught me to let it penetrate. Listen to that, Cassidy. I'll be upstairs waiting."

He'd be upstairs waiting? Was he high?

He walked my way.

He was high.

I moved quickly to bar the stairs.

He stopped in front of me.

"You're going the wrong way," I informed him. "You need to use the front door, Deacon, or I'll call the cops, and we both know you don't want that."

"Don't give a fuck you do, except that'll prolong this and I wasted enough time."

He didn't care that I called the cops?

"Deacon-" I started.

"Listen to what's on the drive, Cassidy."

"I'm not listening to anything."

"I listened to yours. A million fuckin' times, I listened to it. You can give me once."

He listened to mine.

A million times?

No.

No, he was not getting in there.

"You left me, Deacon, time and time again, left me empty, broken-hearted, lonely, and you did it for seven years," I reminded him. "And you know exactly what I'm talking about."

"Listen to it."

"I'm not letting you do it again."

"Listen to it."

I shook my head. "You let me get used to you and clean gutters and someone to get me a beer and go grocery shopping with and sleep beside at night, and it's easy, Deacon, so fucking easy to get used to that. But it's hard, unbelievably fucking hard, to get used to losing it. Now I'm used to it so you need to go."

I got in there. I knew because he winced.

I didn't let that penetrate either.

"I'm sorry your wife is dead but clearly it's fucked you up in a huge way and clearly I'm not the woman to sort that out."

He dipped his face to mine. "Listen to it, Cassie," he whispered.

But I was struck dumb by the look that had entered his eyes.

Eyes that were making me feel exactly what he wanted me to feel.

I struggled to fight it.

He kept talking before I could win.

"Listen to it, baby," he kept whispering. "Then meet me upstairs."

He said no more and didn't let me say a word. He edged around me and took the stairs.

I turned stiltedly and watched him do it, willing my body to go to my cell and call the police. Then I begged my body to do it.

But instead, my head bent, my hand lifted, and my fingers opened.

The flash drive was silver.

The one I gave him was pink.

"Call the police, Cassidy," my lips whispered.

My eyes went to the stairs.

Then my stupid feet took me to the office.

I shoved in the drive and just to be ornery (because that was me), I opened my desk drawer and nabbed my headphones, plugging them into the computer so when I listened, he couldn't hear me doing it.

When I pulled up the drive, what I suspected was there. I didn't understand the file name, but I knew that would be the extension.

BeautifulWar.mp3

I could listen then call the police.

Or I could listen, walk upstairs, and tell him he needed to go. He no longer meant anything to me. We were done. I was taking no more of his crap.

If he didn't leave, then I'd call the police.

I put my headphones in, brandished my mouse, and hovered over the file.

"Damn the man," I whispered and clicked on the file.

iTunes came up and the song started playing.

I listened.

I did not call the police.

I listened again.

On the third go, I went to Google and looked up "Beautiful War" lyrics.

It was by Kings of Leon.

I read them.

Then I listened again.

After the fifth time, I popped the buds out of my ears and straightened woodenly from my chair. I walked the same way up the stairs.

I went straight to my bedroom.

Deacon was standing, holding the sheers back, looking out the window.

I vaguely wondered if Milagros had returned and was standing vigil.

I didn't get a chance to ask. Deacon moved and I braced.

He went to the bed where the plastic bag he was carrying was resting. He grabbed the handles and walked to me.

I didn't move a muscle.

He stopped two feet in front of me and lifted the bag between us.

"Anything you want, I'll give it to you."

My heart seized.

"Don't," I whispered.

"You listen?" he asked.

I said nothing.

"You listened," he stated and jerked the bag at me. "Anything you want. Try me, Cassidy."

My hand lifted and I didn't tell it to. Before I could snatch it away, Deacon hooked the handles on my fingers and they curled, catching the bag. Then he stepped backward toward the bed.

"Look in the bag and try me, Cassidy."

My head bent and I looked in the bag. I stifled my reaction in the varied ways it came to me (and the ways were varied) as I saw the velvet ropes in the bag.

I looked to him to see he had his coat off, it was on the floor, and he was unbuttoning his shirt.

"They're stronger than yours, hold a man like me," he stated.

"You can't heal anything with sex, Deacon," I shared.

"Wanna bet?" he asked.

"Yep," I answered.

"You healed me."

I clamped my mouth shut, shocked, moved, and trying not to let the latter penetrate.

"Gave me what I'm about to give you," he went on, pulling his shirt off his shoulders, exposing his amazing chest.

With all that, I was trying not to let other things penetrate, primarily what I was feeling between my legs with the knowledge of what he was offering me (not to mention, the vision of his chest).

"Trusted me," he kept at me. "Trusted me completely by taking me and my shit on and believing in me. But you proved how deep that trust ran by trusting me with that sweet little body of yours, letting me give you what you needed, letting me open up a world for you. You gave me that gift. Then you let me give you a sink."

I blinked.

"And a mirror," he continued, toeing off his boots.

"I-"

"Not stupid enough to know I'd win every fight, but you taught me I could take care of a woman again. You taught me I could be trusted with her. You taught me I could make her laugh and smile and you gave me back what it feels like, doin' that for a woman you love."

I couldn't reply. All I could do was let the woman you love part sink deep, powerless to fight it at the same time thinking, God, what had his wife done to him?

His hands went to his belt. "Showed me a strong woman doesn't need keeping, but feels good to take care of her all the same. Better, you gotta fight for that privilege. You taught me a lot of things, Cassidy," he finished and then pulled down his jeans.

He straightened and he was hard, beautifully thick and hard, and my mouth watered.

My eyes shot from his cock to his when he whispered, "Try me, baby."

"You want me to tie you to the bed?"

"No." He shook his head. "I want you to do whatever you wanna do."

I stared at him.

He'd walked out on me.

Six months, nothing, leaving me to believe he was married and I was an unwitting adulteress, but an adulteress all the same. Took all his magnificence away and made me feel more lonely than I'd ever felt in my life, lonely in a way that feeling knitted to every muscle, every tendon, making it hard to move, go about my days, all the time forced to fight against it just to be able to breathe.

I should tell him I wanted him to walk away and never come back.

I listened to yours. A million fuckin' times, I listened to it.

He stood there, Deacon, naked and erect in front of me.

Beautiful war.

My voice moved through the room. "I wanna tie you to the bed."

Without a second's delay, he turned and climbed on the bed.

My knees got weak.

I watched in shock, amazement, warmth, and excitement as badass Deacon settled on his back and turned his eyes to me.

"Whatever you want, baby," he said gently.

God, was I going to do this?

I walked to the bed.

I was going to do this.

I stood at the side and pulled the ropes out.

I didn't know what I was doing. I was too focused on other things to pay attention when he did it to me, but I climbed into bed.

He instantly offered his arm to me.

My insides started expanding.

I took his wrist and tied it to the bed as best I could, tugging at it hard when I got him fixed. The knot didn't budge.

With no caressing, no kisses, my eyes never even hitting his face, I did the same to his other wrist and his ankles until he was leashed, spread out before me.

Taking him in, his power and beauty tied there for me, I experienced the quiver to end all quivers, but I fought that too.

I moved to my knees at his side and sucked in a breath before I grabbed his cock perfunctorily, heard his grunt, and finally looked to his face.

I bent over him, my hair curtaining us.

"You hurt me," I whispered.

"I know, Cassie," he whispered back.

"I can hurt you now," I told him, tightening my fist on his cock.

He gritted his teeth at my hold but kept my eyes and relaxed his jaw to reply, "You won't."

"You're sure?"

"Love is trust, Cassie, you taught me that."

My insides expanded more just as my heart started bleeding.

"She didn't?" I asked quietly.

"She taught me the other way around."

I stared at him, right in the eyes, and read that as truth.

And the pain of that knowledge was so immense, I shifted and my head dropped down, planting itself in his chest because I couldn't hold it up.

He loved her.

She broke him.

And then he found me.

He fought it.

He left me because she wouldn't let him go.

So he found a way to let her go and came back.

I made my decision.

I released him and moved off the bed. I took off my clothes while he watched.

Then I again joined him in bed and commenced giving him what he gave me. All I could reach. Kissing. Licking. Sucking. Nipping. Stroking.

When his body was taut, his noises hungry, I moved between his legs, wrapped my fist around his cock, and took him in my mouth.

He growled.

I sucked, licked, glided, pulling him in and out, giving it everything.

"Fuck, Cassie," he groaned.

I slid his cock up and out of my mouth and looked up his body.

He had his head lifted so he could watch. His arms spread wide, his biceps bulging, the veins in his forearms popping, his face filled with hunger.

I looked into his eyes.

Try me.

"I want something, you'll give it to me," I whispered.

"Yes," he ground out.

I licked my lips then moved my tongue to the base of his engorged cock, now resting on his stomach. I glided my tongue to the tip.

The bed moved with his buck when I finished and the growl rumbled deep, sounding like it came from his gut.

Yes. I wanted something; he'd give it to me. Tethered to the bed, he was proving that to me.

I put a finger light against his anus.

"I want this."

"Take it," he said immediately.

I shook my head, bent and lapped at his cock lightly, once, twice, again, and got another growl.

I fought back the pulse between my legs and looked at him again.

Then I went for it.

"Plugged."

"You gonna suck me off with me full?" he asked gruffly.

Oh my God.

He didn't say no.

He didn't say no.

Try me.

I was trying him.

And he was proving himself to me.

"Not off, but I am gonna suck you," I answered cautiously.

"Then you ride me."

"That was my plan."

"Fill me, Cassie, then get on with it."

"You're bossy for a guy tied to a bed," I noted, doing it flippantly and miraculously, considering I felt the area between my legs become drenched just with the idea of taking his ass.

"You think at this moment I won't wreck your bed to get loose and bury my dick in you, what you've been doin' to me, six months without your body, six months without you, six months of nothing, you think wrong. Plug me. Suck me. And fuck me."

He wasn't saying no.

And I wasn't wasting this opportunity.

"You got it, baby," I whispered, then stroked his cock from base to tip with my tongue before I moved from the bed.

I had no idea what I was doing, except taking what he did to me as a guide.

So I made fast work of getting what I needed (something he had left when he left me, I thought callously; now I was glad I didn't have to run to his truck because that would suck).

I came back to the bed and sucked his cock while I prepared him with oil. When I had him ready, I wrapped my hand around his cock, holding it to my mouth while I circled the tip with my tongue and pressed the tip of the plug to his ass.

I stopped circling. "Ready?"

"Do it," he bit out through clenched teeth.

Suddenly, I was unsure.

He said he would do anything for me; he was using this to prove it, to prove I had his trust, to prove that meant something, to prove my trust meant something to him, to prove he loved me. But was that anything in the sense of doing something he didn't want?

"Do you want this?"

"Do it," he rumbled.

I pressed it in a bit.

His head fell back and the headboard moved forward and slammed back into the wall.

Maybe that wasn't good.

I pulled it out, calling, "Deacon."

His head jerked forward, his eyes burning, his face filled with need.

At the sight, my nipples tightened and my clit pulsed.

"Plug me, suck me, and fuck me, Cassidy."

I put the tip to him again. "Tell me when you're ready for more."

"Drive it in."

I blinked.

"Drive it in, Cassidy. Fill me and suck me."

Oh my God.

My entire body spasmed.

"Are you sure?"

The bed moved with his buck.

"Fill...me."

I held his eyes and drove it in.

His head shot back and his grunt reverberated around the room as the bed moved again with the violence of his reaction.

"Dea-"

His head shot forward.

"Suck me."

I bent to him immediately.

I felt him tense all around me, certain the bed would fly apart, all the restricted power of him fighting to be unleashed.

I added a hand and stroked him tight while I sucked him hard, and when I did, I got a deep groan.

He liked this. He was getting off on this.

That knowledge affected me so deeply, I was about to put my hand between my legs or give up and ride him when his voice came at me, guttural.

"Twist it."

I lifted my eyes to his but kept working his cock.

"The plug, Cassie, give me more. Jack me, suck me, and twist it."

My nether regions convulsed but I did as he asked and watched his head fall back again. "Fuck yeah. Keep doin' that shit, baby. Fuck."

Oh yes, he liked this so much he was totally getting off on what I was giving him.

God, was this beauty what he felt when he did this to me?

He'd said it was. He'd said I'd get it when I had it.

I so got it.

I watched him, listened to him, sucked him, jacked him, twisted the plug, my sex now throbbing. Deacon at my mercy, Deacon taking what I was giving him, demanding it, getting off on it.

I took a chance, pulled the plug out, stretching him around the bulbous part, then I started gently stroking him with it.

The bed moved again with his buck and his head jerked up.

More need. More hunger.

God.

God.

It was a miracle I didn't come with just one look.

"Don't...stop," he growled, voice harsh with the emotions in his face.

I fucked him gentle while jacking and sucking him hard. His head dropped back again and his legs strained powerfully against the ropes in a way I thought the bed would break loose.

I was losing it, getting into it, giving it to him, all of it harder, faster, when his head shot up again.

"Drive it in and climb on. Now, Cassie."

With zero hesitation, I did as told, and when I was in position, I slammed down fast, taking him deep, my head falling back at the magnificence of him filling me.

God, I missed him.

Everything.

All of him.

Every inch.

"Ride wild," he ordered.

I again did as I was told, riding wild, abandoned, moaning, mewing, whimpering, one hand going to my breast to roll my nipple, the other one between my legs to work my clit.

"Take what you need, baby, fast as you can so you come."

I looked down at him, all of that power contained for me, all I knew he'd given to me, and fucked him harder.

"Need you to come," he gritted, his whole body strung tight in a way I could actually see it.

"Then you'll get what you need," I whispered, rammed down on him, arched back and came. I did it moving on him. He liked when I rode his cum and he gave me what I liked when I was tied for him.

I returned the favor.

He'd been holding back. I knew this when I heard his grunted climax mingle with my whimpering cries as we both found it at the same time.

And it was marvelous.

The best I ever had.

But then again, with Deacon, it always was.

I dropped my head forward, resting a hand to his chest and trailing it lightly to his abs. I was still moving, slowly, taking him in and gliding him out, watching our connection.

He'd been right. I could do this for eternity, watching me take him.

It was beautiful.

"Untie me now and do it without losing my dick."

I lifted my head when I heard his voice and moved immediately to do what he asked as best I could. He would never leave me tied if I didn't want it, so I gave him the same.

It was kind of hard to keep his cock while I released his ankles, but by a miracle, it happened.

I barely got the last tie loose before I was on my back, Deacon on me and still inside.

"You know what I just gave to you?" he demanded, voice still rough from sex.

All my insides clutched.

"You didn't like it," I said and my voice was fragile with a thread of dread.

"Fuckin' loved it," he clipped.

"I...uh..." I stammered, confused as to the intensity of his mood.

"Still plugged for you, Cassidy."

I blinked.

"Lyin' on you, seated deep inside you, ass filled, for you."

Understanding dawned, my body relaxed, and I whispered, "Deacon."

"Do anything for you. Do anything for you and like it. Do anything for you that you want and nearly beg for it. You wanted my ass, I gave it to you. I'll give it to you again. No one, woman, no one I'd give that to. Except you."

"I-"

"I trusted you and you gave it to me good."

"Yes," I agreed quietly.

"You trust me and I give it to you good."

I pressed my lips together but nodded my head once.

"You want more?" he asked.

I wasn't sure what he meant, but even so, I didn't know if I could take more, whatever it was.

My head decided for me and nodded again.

"You got all of me, woman. You just took the last I had to give. I've fucked your ass, and essentially, you just fucked mine. Now I'm lyin' on you, filled with the plug you drove deep 'cause that's what you wanted and I gave it to you. You got off, fuckin' huge. You got me off, arguably bigger. You gonna want that again?"

Absolutely.

"Yes," I breathed.

"Then I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you and love every minute of it. No boundaries. That's us, Cassidy. That's who we are. That's what we were both searchin' for. That's what you gave me. That's what you wanted from me. That's the way it has to be. That's what started on your kitchen table. Everything I was holding back came loose and I gave you Deacon on that table and you wanted it. You wanted me. That's why I needed for you to call me Deacon 'cause I was holdin' on to that, holdin' on to givin' me to you, free of the garbage that was suffocating me. Suddenly feeling clean with my Cassie. Then, the next fuckin' day, I fucked it up, settin' boundaries. Now they're gone."

Oh my God.

Was he saying...?

He lifted one of his big hands and rested it at the side of my head as he dipped his face close to mine. "In this bed, out of it. Naked or not. No boundaries. All in. Nothin' held back." He pressed his hips between my legs and I drew in a sharp breath. "You're all mine, Cassidy, every fuckin' inch. And I'm all yours, just the same. Do you understand me?"

This was too big, too amazing, too precious to process, but it forced itself into my head and settled there all the same.

Name's Deacon Gates.

Gates.

Not John Priest.

He gave that to me.

And he gave it to Milagros.

All in.

Nothing held back.

No boundaries.

I understood him.

Completely.

"Yes," I repeated.

"Do you agree with me?"

I felt tears sting my eyes as I replied, "Yes, honey."

"You're mine."

I nodded.

"I'm yours."

I nodded again.

He pressed the pads of his fingers in and dipped his face even closer. "It's a beautiful war, baby." He dipped so close, the tips of our noses brushed but his eyes never left mine. "And I...just...won."

Looking into his eyes as he said those words, that's when I started crying.

He pulled away an inch and let me, his thumb circling my temple, catching the tears because they were there, but only because of that. Mostly, he just let them fall.

I did too.

Deacon let me cry for a while before he was done with it.

And I knew he was done when he asked, "Can I take that as your surrender?"

"Doesn't feel much like surrendering," I told him quietly.

His lips quirked and he replied, "Then I'll take that as your surrender."

My eyes slid to the side on my "Whatever."

"Cassie?"

I looked back to him.

"Baby, you got work to do," he informed me.

"Sorry?"

"Shocked as shit, it feels good, but it's gotta go, and I want your mouth wrapped around my cock when you pull it out."

His words made me squirm underneath him.

"Fuck, she likes it up the ass any way she can get it."

My eyes narrowed. "You said you liked it too."

He put pressure on my head with his hand until it turned and then he put his lips to my ear.

"Let you plug me before I bind you and I'll work you full. You up for that?"

I squirmed again.

Deacon kissed my neck and said there, "She's up for that."

"I'm really not in the mood for teasing, Deacon," I informed the pillow.

"Good," he returned, releasing me so I could right my head and catch his eyes. "'Cause I'm in the mood for my Cassie to wrap her sweet mouth around my dick again, doin' it this time unplugging my ass, but want her to keep goin' until she sucks me off."

My brows drew together. "You just came."

"Then you got your work laid out, woman. But I'll make it worth it, you do that sittin' on my face."

And it happened again.

I squirmed.

Deacon grinned.

At the sight of it, I couldn't help it.

I missed it.

And there it was, back.

I wrapped him in all four limbs.

He knew what that meant. He told me with his eyes. Then he dipped his head and took my mouth, giving my tongue a light stroke with his before he lifted his head again.

"Like you wrapped around me, baby. But want your mouth and your pussy, so get a move on, yeah?"

I stared into his beautiful, tawny eyes, taking them in, knowing I'd never forget the look in them, and knowing right then from what was shining out of them, I'd never have to.

Then I said, "Whatever."

"Cassidy?"

"What?" I snapped, but my heart wasn't in it. I was just being ornery.

"Heart and soul, gut and balls, I love you. There's no one I'd rather hold. Not until I'm eighty. Not until the day I die."

I kept staring at him a beat before I burst out crying again, (though the last time I didn't burst, this time I definitely did).

Deacon rolled off me, gathering me in his arms and holding my face in his throat while I did it.

When the tears quieted, but didn't subside, I felt his words stir the top of my hair.

"Do you love me too, my Cassie?"

My Cassie.

"Heart and soul, belly and womb, I love you too, Deacon."

His hand at my head and arm around me got so tight, they caused pain.

I didn't protest.

I'd missed that too.

Chapter Nineteen

Daddy Was Home

It was after our session upstairs, our shower together, we'd dressed and I'd told Deacon I needed to call Milagros to let her know I was okay. He'd told me he'd keep himself occupied in order to give me privacy while I did that.

We went downstairs together and it was me who opened the door to the kitchen to let Bossy free. She immediately saw Deacon and started growling. Then she must have caught his scent because she stopped, began whimpering, dropped her head, and nearly crawled to him.

My nose started stinging with tears again.

Deacon instantly crouched and slowly lifted a hand her way, murmuring, "Yo, Boss Lady."

She sniffed his hand, her tail started wagging violently, and she jumped up on him, licking his face.

Daddy was home.

Apparently dogs didn't forget.

Boss Lady was so like me.

I hurried into the kitchen to give them their moment.

Okay, I did it so I wouldn't bawl like a baby again.

Once there, I set about making Deacon a snack.

Because, of course, he'd told me he'd made his decision to return to me, didn't waste time, so on his way, he didn't eat.

* * * * *

"So is his name John Priest or Deacon Gates?" Milagros demanded to know through the phone at my ear.

While Deacon was eating and bonding with Bossy, I'd put on a jacket, scarf, and gloves, took my throw out to the porch, wrapped it around my legs, and called Milagros.

Milagros wasn't very happy with my explanation that I was fine, mostly because it came with the inclusion of the fact that Deacon and I were talking (amongst other things that I didn't tell her) and working it out.

"His name is Deacon Gates," I said into the phone.

"And how is that, Cassidy?"

"Can I explain that part later?" I requested, buying time because I knew that explanation would be uncomfortable. I just hoped it wouldn't end in me losing a friend who was important to me because I'd lied to her. "And I will, I promise."

She was silent a moment before she said, "I had a bad feeling about him and I didn't say anything when he left you. I didn't remind you of that. I didn't because you didn't need reminding because he took all the life out of you and I didn't want to hurt you further. But now, his returning out of nowhere having a different name doesn't make me feel any better, even if I hear it in your voice that you have that life back."

Well, that was good to know.

I decided to go for it.

"I knew his name was Deacon before," I admitted hesitantly.

This just brought silence.

"I'm sorry. I really am," I continued quickly. "But he was it for me and he came with boundaries. Now there are no boundaries, at least that's what he says anyway. But we haven't gotten into that and we need to get into it. The only thing I can tell you now is that I had him, the real him, and you, Manuel, and the kids did too. He just used a different name."

I heard her sigh before she said, "People do many things for many reasons, and those reasons are the right reasons even if another person might think they're wrong. That other person, they do not live in those shoes."

God, she got it.

I felt extreme relief.

Then, unfortunately, she kept going.

"But with that, mi amiga, you do those things and you don't hurt people along the way. If you do, then they're not right. They're just wrong."

"I hear you."

"I hope he did what he had to do for the right reasons."

"His wife died an ugly death, Milagros." I heard her soft gasp at this news but went on, "And he feels guilt he didn't save her. He was working through that. My understanding so far is, he worked through it and came back to me."

"Dios mio," she said softly.

"Yes," I agreed. "Now, I hate to cut this short because I know you're worried but I need to get back to him. He's bonding with Bossy, and a lot has happened since he showed up, but there's a lot left to be said. We'll have a good gab soon."

"Okay, Cassidy. But I must leave you with this: the most important person in the world is you. Whatever you decide, do it taking care of you."

She was totally the bomb.

"I am. I will. I promise," I told her.

"Okay, querida. I believe you. See you soon."

"Later, Milagros."

I hit the button on the screen and put my phone down, training my eyes to the snow-gilded trees.

Now that the intensity of Deacon coming back was over and I was sitting in the cold on my porch-something I'd done alone for six months, something I didn't enjoy doing alone for six months, far from it- all that had happened, all that he'd given me, as mammoth as it was, was wearing off.

Because I was right.

There was still a lot left to be said.

I took a page out of Deacon's book when I heard the door open and I didn't turn to look. I heard his boots on the deck, as well as Bossy's claws. Then I saw a steaming mug put down on the arm of the chair as Bossy came to me and nosed my hand.

I gave her some pets and scratches, looking at the mug.

It was cocoa. Cocoa with marshmallow fluff melting on top.

I had not forgotten how Deacon could surprise me with little snatches of sweetness, like being a badass and putting marshmallow on hot cocoa (or making it at all). But I couldn't deny it felt crazy-good having it back.

"Bed, baby," I ordered Bossy, lifting up the cup.

She loped to the big dog bed I had out on the porch by the railing in front of the chairs that I'd thrown an old flannel blanket over. Her place in the cold when I was outside so she could be with me.

"She's trained." I heard Deacon say, knowing he was sitting beside me.

I took a sip of cocoa, the fluff tipping my lip. I took the cup away and licked it off.

"She knows 'sit,' 'down,' 'stay,' 'bed,' 'come,' 'quiet,' 'be good,' 'downstairs,' 'upstairs,' 'play dead,' and 'fetch,'" I shared. "She's great at fetch. She loves Frisbees."

He said nothing but I felt the heaviness that came from him, my guess, this due to the fact he wasn't there to teach her all that with me.

I drew in a breath.

Before I could ask for it, Deacon gave it to me.

"Grew up on a farm in Iowa."

I closed my eyes tight, those seven words washing over me, beating back the January chill.

"Granddad was an attorney," he went on and I opened my eyes. "Pissed as shit my dad didn't follow in his footsteps. But Dad wanted to be a farmer so he bought a farm and became a farmer. Found a woman who wanted him however he came, but regardless, she loved the life."

I took another sip of cocoa while Deacon paused and I held my cup in front of me in both my gloved hands as he carried on.

"I didn't want to be a farmer. Got a younger sister, she wasn't into that shit either. Dad was disappointed but he'd been a son who went his own way. He was also a man who wouldn't push his son to go his way because he'd been the same."

He had a sister.

I said nothing. Just took another sip.

"I played football in high school. That was back in the day when you didn't pick one sport and train all year for it, so I also threw discus and javelin in track and field. When I was sixteen, got a job roofing during the summer. Did it when I was seventeen too. Liked it. Liked being a part of building something. Fixing something. Seein' my work laid out in front of me at the end of the day. Understood it was my calling even if, at the same time, I didn't really understand what a calling was."

He paused.

I waited.

He continued.

"The man who owned the contracting company I worked for took a liking to me. Gave me a job out of high school. If I didn't take over the farm, Dad wanted me to go to college. I didn't do that either. He didn't like it but understood. I graduated on a Saturday, went to work on a Monday, moved out of his house by the end of the summer. He got it. I had to be my own man and I didn't fuck around bein' it, so he also respected it."

That was pretty amazing.

Deacon didn't give me a chance to share that.

"Guy I worked for," he kept going, "had three daughters, no sons. So when I say he took a liking to me, I mean he took me under his wing. Lookin' back, he was groomin' me to take over when he was done. Taught me everything about building, wiring, plumbing, foundation work, architecture. Learned it all on the job, but I learned it."

That was how he knew how to put up gutters, that my roof needed shingles, and how to sketch a gazebo, not having any issue building it.

There was a happy shift happening inside as all the pieces of Deacon started fitting together.

"Her name was Jeannie," he said softly and that shift halted as my stomach curled.

He didn't speak for a while and then he launched back in.

"Met her and it was all the way it was supposed to be. Every second of it. Until she went missing."

In shock at his words, my head jerked to the side to look at him. "Missing?"

He turned his eyes to me. "Yeah, Cassie. Missing."

"My God," I whispered.

"It isn't a pretty story."

He'd already said that and I knew it had to be, what with her being dead.

But now it seemed worse. I couldn't imagine anyone I loved going missing. It would drive me mad.

Yes, absolutely, all the pieces of Deacon were fitting together.

I just no longer liked the picture they were forming.

He looked back to the trees.

I did too and took another sip of cocoa, sucking in melted marshmallow fluff, making it extra sweet.

It was good I did. I didn't know it then, but I'd need sweet to get me through the rest of what Deacon was going to share with me.

"Met her in a bar," Deacon told me. "Cliche but it worked for us. She was pretty, not beautiful like you, but she definitely turned heads. Every time I looked at her, caught her lookin' at me. She looked away, but I knew she was interested. I thought it was cute because it was, pretty girl, checking me out, shy at me catching her doin' it. Made my approach, gave her some stale pickup line, she swallowed it. I asked her out. She said yes. We started dating. We became exclusive. We fell in love. I asked her to marry me. Three months later, we were married in a huge-ass wedding."

I looked his way again, surprise in my tone. "Three months?"

He looked to me. "Yeah. I was twenty-four then, didn't know jack about weddings, had no clue how rushed it was. My mom knew. Lookin' back, I think it unsettled her. At the time, I didn't think anything except about the honeymoon, gettin' my girl back home, and settin' up a life."

He looked away and lifted his boots up to the railing. Bossy lifted her head when he did, looked at him, sniffed the cold air, then settled back down.

"Did that and we had a good life," he said pensively. "She was pretty. Dressed great. Had a good job. Liked to have fun. Loved sex. Made me laugh. Let me make her laugh. Acted like, when I came through the door at night, her world started. Acted like, when I left in the morning, it was ending. Twenty-four, so fuckin' young, all I knew was I had a pretty, sweet, funny girl with my ring on her finger who felt that much for me. I felt lucky."

My throat was tingling but I fought it back with another sip of cocoa.

"Made me cookies."

My body went still at these words.

"All the time, we had homemade cookies in the house. Every kind you can think of. She didn't eat 'em. Made 'em for me because I liked 'em. Sometimes, if a build was close to her office, she'd bring me lunch with a tin of 'em for me and the boys on the job."

It was then I remembered, way back when, when I'd offered Deacon cookies.

Absolutely fucking not, he'd said.

I made a mental note not ever to make him cookies and asked, "What did she do?"

"Receptionist at a place where they contracted out to lay pipes. She made decent money, for her age, year younger than me. I made decent money. We were livin' the life. Year into our marriage, I figured it was time to take the next step. So I told her I wanted her to think about makin' a baby."

Deacon's gaze was at the trees. I slid mine there too and sipped more cocoa.

"She didn't have to think. She was all in. And we went for it. Worked at it all the time. Not hard work, tryin' to make a baby."

I figured he wasn't wrong but his voice said he wasn't right. He was back to contemplative, but this time, it was faraway, like there was something deeper in those words, and I tensed at the sound of it.

"I saw our future and I knew how it would be," he said. "Wanted how it would be. Willing to work to make that happen. So I knew, we made a baby, we had to be ready. We lived in a two bedroom apartment that was no place to raise a family. We needed a home. Talked to Jeannie, she agreed. We needed a down payment, and both our parents would pony up, we knew it, but I was not that man. So I talked to my boss. Took overtime. Always overtime available on builds. Took off from home before seven, got home after eight, sometimes later. Worked weekends. Back then, I was workin', and when I wasn't workin', I was sleepin', eatin' cookies, or fuckin' my wife. Good times."

His voice didn't change, except for a thread of sarcasm on the last two words, but instinctively I knew this was where the story was going bad.

I grew edgier and fought against shifting in my seat.

"She had the time and was good at it so she looked after our bank accounts, balanced the checkbooks, paid the bills. I didn't look at any of it. Until one day, saw a bank statement shoved in the basket where she kept that shit. The balance was nowhere near where it should be. Asked her about it, she freaked. Said she'd loaned a friend in trouble some money and didn't want to tell me because she thought I'd say no or would get mad if I knew she did it without asking. She said they were gonna pay it back. She was so out of it with panic, I told her, if they paid it back, I didn't give a shit. She was like that with her friends. Tight. She'd do that for any of 'em. Coupla months later, they paid it back."

I let out the breath I didn't know I was holding.

"But she wasn't gettin' pregnant. My annual checkup, asked my doc about it, he said you should try for a year before you look into it. It hadn't been a year so I didn't say anything. Didn't want to trip her. She was actin' moody anyway and I figured it was the same for her as for me, uneasy about why we hadn't made a baby."

He fell silent and I didn't prompt him. Just took another sip of cocoa, pulling in a soft cloud of marshmallow. I swallowed and waited.

I didn't wait long.

"Months after that, we were close to havin' enough for a down payment on a house, work was insane so I wasn't gettin' home until at least nine most of the time. She still wasn't pregnant and I was ready to approach it with her. Psyching myself up. She was wired and off and I knew why. Day I was comin' home early to take her to dinner to have that talk, got home, my wife was gone."

I turned my gaze to him but said nothing.

"Gone," he told the trees. "Completely, and by that I do not mean she took her clothes and shit. She left everything, even her purse and phone. It was only Jeannie who was gone."

Slowly, he turned his head to me.

"And I lost it."

I would too.

Anyone would.

"Of course you did, honey," I said gently.

"Thought she was kidnapped."

Oh God.

"Deacon."

"Terrified outta my mind. Nothin' disturbed in the house and her car there, purse, phone? What woman leaves without her purse?"

"None of us," I replied when he quit speaking.

He looked back to the trees and made no response to me. He just kept telling his story.

"By midnight, she didn't show, had called her friends, her folks, her sisters, her boss, went to the police, told 'em she was gone. They told me she had to be gone longer before they could do anything. I thought that was fuckin' whacked. A man knows his wife, he knows she isn't where she's supposed to be, with anyone she knows, they should fuckin' look."

"Of course," I agreed.

He looked at me. "There's a reason they don't look, Cassidy."

I pressed my lips together.

"They knew there's a shit ton of ways a man might not know his wife. Next days, weeks, months, I'd find out I knew fuckin' nothin' about Jeannie."

"What was it?" I whispered, not wanting to know, but needing him to give this to me. Not because I felt it was my right to have it anymore. Because he had to let it go.

He looked to the trees.

"Started smokin' pot when she was twelve. Graduated to droppin' acid and doin' ecstasy by the time she was fourteen. Snortin' coke before she was a junior in high school. Good family, two sisters who were solid, don't know why the fuck she did that shit, just know she did. Also knew she could be fragile, felt deeper than other people, and seein' things clearer now, that was not in a way that was healthy. She had three stints in rehab between age fifteen and nineteen. Last one took, they thought." He drew in breath and finished, "They were wrong."

"She was on drugs?" I asked inanely and he looked back at me.

"Don't know what tripped it," he said, not answering me because my question needed no answer. "Don't know if it was me askin' for a baby and her realizin' she didn't have that in her. But she went back to coke. That money that was missing, that was because she was using. And Cassidy, this is where it gets ugly."

It wasn't already ugly?

I didn't ask that.

I urged, "Tell me."

"She got that money back turnin' tricks."

I blinked.

Turning tricks? As in, sleeping with men for money?

Oh my God!

I didn't request Deacon confirm that, but he still kept talking.

"Got deep into coke right under my nose, and seriously no fuckin' pun intended with that shit. So I wouldn't find out, paid for it the only way she could, suckin' cock and fuckin' it for money."

Okay, it was safe to say that was seriously ugly.

"Baby," I whispered.

"Her folks, obviously, knew she had a problem. Sisters knew. Her friends knew. Shit came out when she didn't go to work and didn't come home for days and finally the cops got involved. No one was surprised. They were sad. They were worried about Jeannie. They felt for me. But no one was surprised. No one but her bosses...and me."

"She didn't tell you?"

"Nope."

"Her parents, friends, sisters, when you called to say she was missing?"

He leaned slightly my way. "No one told me."

"I...I can't believe it. That's crazy."

"So whacked it's jacked," he agreed. "Cops heard her history, they went from looking into it to zero effort. Nothin'. Addict out scoring. Washed their hands of it." He looked back to the trees. "I didn't."

Oh God.

"Loved her," he said softly, his voice now melancholy, and my heart squeezed. "Loved her, didn't give a fuck she had a problem, missed her, wanted her back. Wanted to fix her. Obsessed with doin' it. Blinded with that need. Wanted her back in my bed. Her smile. Makin' her laugh. Her fuckin' cookies."

God. I should never have offered him cookies.

"So I went searchin' for her. Eventually quit my job. My boss, good man, put a lot into me. He was worried about me, devastated, thought I was throwin' my life away on a woman with a problem I couldn't fix. Told me that shit. I told him to go fuck himself. Dad did the same. He and Mom beside themselves with worry. Tried to talk me out of it. Told them they could fuck off too. Went lookin' for her. Sunk into a world that, with where my head was at, was welcome to me, and I spent years lookin' for my wife."

I closed my eyes and dropped my head.

"Found her, Cassie."

At this new tone, my eyes flew open, and my head shot up to see he was looking at me.

"Found her. And, baby, you need it all, I'll give it all to you. But I'll tell you now I do not want to give you that. I do not want you to know that shit that extreme and ugly exists in this world. I want you to let me protect you from that. I will tell you she got in deep, switched from coke to heroin, got to a point she couldn't live without it so she'd do anything to get it, and to keep her fix, she hit the underbelly of the underbelly. I tried to pull her out. Got my ass kicked, nearly died in an alley."

I drew in a sharp breath.

"I kept trying. Got shot at."

Oh my God!

"Deacon," I breathed.

"Kept trying. She overdosed. She died. They dumped her body and her parents had one to bury. But I was gone. What I saw, what I'd done, who I'd met, made deals with, greased palms, I was lost to that world, belonged to it, and she died, Cassie, but I never left that world."

"You weren't lost to it."

"Baby, I was until about three hours ago."

I leaned toward him. "You weren't lost to it, Deacon. She dragged you down into it."

His eyes held mine and he nodded.

Then he said, "She did. I didn't get that until Raid pissed me off by shovin' it in my face. I didn't process it and get past it until I heard that song I gave you. But, and it's important you get this part, Cassie, she may have dragged me down, but it was me who stayed there."

"On a scale of one to ten, how bad was it when you found her?"

"Seven million, six hundred thousand, and twenty-three."

I swallowed and knew from his face he wasn't joking.

Not even close.

My God.

I drew in a breath and launched in.

"Your wife that you loved and wanted to build a life and family with had a drug problem since before you were married, never told you about it, started using again, and didn't tell you that either. She had sex for money to pay for her habit while still living with you, married to you, and supposedly trying to make a baby with you, all while you were away from her to earn money to buy a house for your coming family, something she agreed with you doing. Then she left you, choosing drugs over you. Is that right? She didn't go missing. She left."

"She left," he confirmed.

"No note, not even smoke signals?" I asked.

He shook his head. "Nothing."

"And even with all that, you put your life on hold to find her and fix her, this ending with you being in extreme danger and nearly losing your life twice to do that."

He looked back to the trees. "Not my brightest idea."

"That's so beautiful, I wanna cry again," I declared and he cut his eyes to me. "But I won't let myself because my cheeks are cold and I don't want them to freeze."

"Cassidy-"

"And now I can't make you cookies, which sucks. I like cookies." My voice was rising and Bossy lifted her head because of it, so I reined it in.

"Cass-"

"If she was alive, I'd kill her," I announced.

His head jerked and he started, "Woman-"

"I'm serious, Deacon."

"I see that, Cassidy. But you're not gettin' me. I lived in that world. I did things. Things that-"

"I do not give that first fuck," I snapped and his brows shot together as his head jerked. "You had your whole life planned out. You met a pretty girl at a bar who made you happy and you started it right away, because you knew what you wanted, just like me. And she fucked it up. And you gave up everything to get it back, give it to her, give it to yourself. What we have, that's beautiful war, Deacon. What you had with Jeannie was ugly war. And in ugly war, things get ugly."

"We're talkin' serious shit, Cassie."

"You said you believe in what you do," I reminded him.

"I did."

My body tensed again.

"Did?"

"I'm out."

I blinked. "Out?"

"Out."

I stared at him.

"Last thing I did before comin' to you was cut ties," he told me.

Everything inside me, everything that was me, expanded so huge, it was a wonder I didn't explode the porch.

"You're never leaving," I whispered.

"No. Never," he replied firmly. "Even if it dawns on you the man I became and the company I kept, I'm gonna make it so you understand, believe in me again, and never want me to leave."

"I already don't ever want you to leave."

He closed his eyes, raw washing through his features bathed in the lights from the kitchen window.

It was a beautiful sight to see.

Then he opened them. "Did shit, baby."

"I don't care."

"Wanna give that to you. Need to so you understand the man in your bed and why that man was me."

I leaned toward him over the arm of my chair. "Don't you get it, Deacon? I already understand. And I believe. The only time I quit believing was when you didn't give me what I needed in order to keep doing it. I have that now. All I need. I don't need any more."

"Here," he growled, his expression changed again.

Fierce.

Fierce with his love for me.

That was way more beautiful.

Totally.

I didn't go there because I was relishing the look on his face, letting it settle down deep, memorizing every inch. Not to mention, I had his here back, and as annoying as that was, I'd missed that too.

Deacon got impatient and grabbed my hand, yanking it hard so his tug took my chair closer to his. Bossy gave a soft bark, and in order not to drop my cocoa, I set it aside and got out of the chair. The throw fell to the deck as I moved to him and he moved his boots from the railing. When he had them to the deck, I put a knee to the seat by his hip and swung the other leg over, settling my booty in his lap.

Both his hands slid up my back, pulling me to him as I put my hands to his shoulders.

"Was a bounty hunter," he said when he got me close.

"Deacon, you don't have to-"

"Didn't find folks who jumped bond. Found bad guys and returned them to worse guys who could pay me in cash."

I clamped my mouth shut.

"Got four million, five hundred seventy-five thousand dollars, in cash, hidden in safe places across the country."

My mouth dropped open.

"Took three men's lives," he went on and my eyes got huge. "Hunt went bad, it got to a point that it was them or me, so I picked me."

"I'd pick that too," I said quietly.

It was like I didn't speak as he kept talking and I knew he had to get this out.

"Didn't like that shit happened but those men were not good men. It's a lot of trust but you gotta believe me when I say the world is not a poorer place without them in it."

"I trust you."

He stared at me a moment before he muttered, "Jesus."

"I do."

His gaze was softer, as was his tone, when he replied, "I know."

I bent closer to him, lifting a hand, and curling it around the side of his neck.

Deacon kept going.

"That world needs contained, Cassie. If it isn't contained, women like Jeannie get sucked into it. It's a war that has no end, a job that'll never get done, a world that leaks every day, millions of times a day, into good people's lives. But I did my bit to keep that world contained."

"I get it, honey," I said gently.

"Hunted once," he went on, "that was not for money. My man Raid, he's got a woman, good woman. He was livin' his own nightmare, she guided him out. Some men hurt her and did it bad. He lost his mind. Had to contain him, had to contain the situation, had to help him send a message. She was off-limits. Worked with Knight, Creed, and Sylvie, that message was sent."

I nodded.

I understood what he was saying.

"You need to know more."

I didn't want more.

"Give me what you need," I invited.

His hands moved in order to curve his arms around me, he gave me a squeeze, and I knew just with my words I'd already given him what he needed.

"Men who did what they did to Jeannie, they're no longer breathing."

"Okay," I whispered.

"Not me doin' it. Wanted them to hurt, got deep in that world to find her, found I had skills in that world. Took to it. Got really fuckin' good at it. That's why I became what I became and did it for money. But they knew who I was. Knew my name. What they did to Jeannie and them knowin' who I was-so that my way in that world started and stopped with me, didn't leak to my folks, my sister-they had to go. So I set it up so they got in a war, suffered during that war, and lost their lives to it."

He was saying that wouldn't leak to Glacier Lily.

"I would have done the same," I replied.

His lips quirked. "Bullshit."

"I'm a tough broad," I reminded him.

He shook his head, humor lighting his eyes, but then he sobered.

"What you need to take from that is, no one knows me as Deacon Gates. No one knows why I was in that world except Raid. Deacon Gates died with Jeannie and the men who brought her low. No one even knew me as Deacon, 'cept the folks I knew in my gut I could trust. They never disappointed. They won't. They didn't before because I picked the right people to trust. Now, they'll have an added incentive not to do it 'cause they know if they do, it could harm you, and they'd wake up with their throats slit."

"Deacon," I breathed.

"Do not mistake me." His voice was now firm but harsh. "That world does not touch you and I will do anything, Cassidy, to make sure it doesn't."

"Okay," I said soothingly. Then, to change the subject, I asked, "People had to find you, know you, and call you something, so what were you known as?"

"Ghost."

That was kind of cool.

"Because you were hard to get a handle on?" I asked.

"Because I was dead man walking."

I stared.

Deacon kept going.

"I was a cold motherfucker, off the grid, no life, no home, no ties, no emotions, everyone knew it. Until I came back to some rundown cabins I'd been to before that were off the beaten path. Perfect place for the minimal downtime I let myself have. Quiet place. A place no one could find me. But when I came back, a beautiful woman with attitude, amazing eyes, and lips I wanted wrapped around my dick was fightin' with her boyfriend. Lucky me, later, I found she was stubborn, ornery, funny, strong, spoke her mind, liked dogs, to be tied up, to come hard, take it up the ass, and give it as good as she gets." He lifted his head from the chair so his face was an inch from mine. "And she resurrected me."

God.

God.

Deacon's brand of sweet, this time amplified beyond imagining.

I'd never get used to it.

Because I couldn't hold it up anymore, I dropped my head so my face was in his neck.

I clutched the other side of his neck, pushing my face in, whispering, "Baby."

"Tried to be dead again when I let you go, Cassie. Dead doesn't hurt. Tried fuckin' hard to find it. But I couldn't find it. You lived in me."

I closed my eyes tight, pushed closer, and held on.

Deacon gave me a squeeze of his arms and kept speaking.

"Thought my luck had run out. I finally pulled my head outta my ass, made my way back to wage beautiful war, and timed it so your girl was comin' up the lane while I was drivin' down it."

I opened my eyes, lifted my head, and looked at him. "Really?"

"Fuckin' Hollywood shit, she raced to me, thought she was gonna play chicken, ram right into me or force me off the lane. She cut the wheel at the last moment, cuttin' me off, rolled out of her truck, and started shouting."

I started giggling.

And then I got Deacon's grooves, his crinkles, and I felt glee.

I'd missed that too.

"If I wasn't shocked as shit she could pull that off without damage to either vehicle, and my head wasn't filled with gettin' to you, I woulda bust a gut laughing too, woman."

"In retrospect," I said, still giggling. "It's pretty funny."

He continued to give me the grooves and crinkles as he agreed, "Yeah."

He removed one arm so he could curl his hand at my jaw, fingertips in my hair, and yes, I'd missed that too.

"She's gone."

His tone was back to serious so I got serious too.

"I know, Deacon," I told him. "But Milagros is pretty confused, not in a good way, about-"

"I don't mean her. Milagros, Manuel, the kids, I'll make that good again. Bust my ass to do it. You need it. I need it. They're part of you, a part of what you gave me that made me feel clean again. But that's not what I mean. I mean Jeannie."

I nodded slowly. "Okay."

"Cassidy, what I'm sayin' is, you wanna make cookies, you make 'em for you and for me."

Sheesh, he could so read me.

He kept going.

"She does not control me, not anymore. She sure as fuck doesn't control you, not ever again. I let you go, let. I could have kept you but I let that shit happen. Raid told me when a man is burned by a woman, he gets over it and moves on. When he burns a good woman, he doesn't. What I didn't get is that I got burned, and not by a good woman, by a troubled one who I allowed to drag me down. And I had to find it in me to let her go because of that. Not you. It took a while for it to penetrate, but I finally figured out I would never be able to let you go because you weren't what I wanted for a good life, like Jeannie. You were what I needed."

Oh God.

He had to stop.

He didn't stop.

"But I could let her go. I had that power. She was dead. It was me givin' her the power to hold on. So I let her go. Now we live our lives. We live 'em good. We live 'em happy. She dragged me down for years." His hand gave me a squeeze. "Now I'm back at the surface, baby. With you. And she's gone."

My smile was shaky, but happy, when I gave it to him, nodding.

He stroked my cheek with his thumb. "Your folks pissed at me?"

My smile faded when I kept nodding.

"I'll fix that too," he muttered.

I believed him.

Totally.

"Can I ask you something?" I requested.

"Anything."

Anything.

My smile came back as a small grin. Then I took a deep breath.

"The thirty-eight women..." I said, trailing off.

"Few before Jeannie, most of them after she died. Lookin' back, I was subconsciously tryin' to find my way back to clean. None of them did it for me. So, as you know, I quit lookin'."

"I get that."

"Good," he murmured.

"And the non-PDA?" I went on.

"What?"

"You don't touch me much in public, Deacon. You're very affectionate but not when other people are around."

"You want that?"

"Well...yeah. If it's in you to give."

"I'll give it to you."

"But did you not do it because-?"

"I didn't do it because, my hands on you, that tended to lead to something."

I stared at him. "I'm pretty sure you can control your base instincts."

"I can. But my dick has a mind of its own around you. Don't need to be fightin' gettin' hard while a ten-year-old kid is interrogatin' me about my life."

"Oh," I mumbled, getting it.

"Or when I'm walkin' down the aisle in a grocery store."

I started grinning.

Deacon watched my mouth, muttering, "I see she gets me."

"I get you."

His eyes came to mine. "I'll get over that, woman, I get used to you."

He was teasing.

"Then I'll have to keep giving it to you good so you don't," I retorted.

His thumb slid over my lips again with his eyes watching as he said, "She likes me hard."

"Absolutely."

His eyes came back to mine and they were dancing.

I leaned in and touched my lips to his.

When I pulled back, I asked, "When's your birthday?"

"September thirtieth," he answered instantly.

That would have washed over me too, in a happy way, but it didn't (well, it did, just that I was shocked).

"Seriously?"

His brows drew together. "No boundaries,"

I couldn't believe this.

He knew it. I knew when he growled, "Not lyin', woman."

"Baby," was all I could get out.

"What?" he clipped.

I wanted to start giggling.

I didn't.

Instead, I said, "That's my birthday too."

He stared. Then he grinned.

And all was right in the world.

"No shit?" he asked.

I shook my head.

"Meant for me, Cassie," he murmured. "I know 'cause eight years from the day God put me on earth, he put you here for me."

He was so wrong.

"No," I disagreed. "Eight years before I got to this earth, he put you here for me."

His eyes started dancing again before that light faded and his expression got serious.

"Got one more thing to ask of you."

"Shoot."

He took his hand from my jaw to wrap his arm around me again and both held me close.

"Need you to talk to someone about watchin' Glacier Lily. Need to go to Iowa, see my folks, mend what I broke, and when I do, I want you to be with me."

Yes.

Yes.

It was back.

I felt glee.

"I'm there whenever you're ready," I replied immediately.

"Fuck, I love you," he returned on a powerful arm squeeze.

"Love you more."

"That's doubtful."

I screwed my eyes up at him. "I totally love you more."

He held my gaze. Then his went to the porch ceiling.

"She can argue about who loves who more."

"I so love you more," I retorted.

He looked back at me.

Then he whispered, "Beautiful war."

Beautiful war.

It was indeed.

I didn't get the chance to agree.

Deacon slid his hand up into my hair, pulled me to him, and kissed me.

He gave it all to me.

I gave it back.

And we made out in Deacon's chair in the cold on my porch by a river in the Colorado Mountains and we did it a long, long time.

Yes.

Daddy was home.

Yippee!

Epilogue

Cookies

I was in my foyer, pacing the floor, Bossy at my side panting.

Deacon was leaned against the jamb of the kitchen door, arms crossed on his chest, jeans-clad hip hitched, one foot crossed at the ankle, watching me.

"Woman, cool it," he ordered.

I stopped and looked to him.

Mom and Dad were going to be there imminently to look after Glacier Lily while Deacon and I went to Iowa.

I'd called Mom and told her Deacon was back, we'd worked things out, and we were picking up where we left off.

Considering the way I was when they showed in August, this news didn't bring joy to my mother.

I then shared everything about Deacon.

Well, not the parts about him killing people, but (most of) the rest. About Jeannie. About him going off the grid. About him being called Ghost and why. And about his struggle when I went about doing something I didn't really know I was doing: reviving him.

Not surprisingly, she caved.

Mom had a good heart.

Dad did not cave.

He had a good heart but a big part of that heart belonged to me.

He'd need some convincing.

Even so, they'd agreed to come. Titus was going to look after the ranch while they were gone.

And since they were going to be there any minute, I was freaking.

"I'm sorry to remind you of this, honey, but I wasn't really in a good state when they showed after you left me," I told him.

Deacon sighed, pushed away from the jamb, and came to me.

Even though Bossy tried to get his attention, nosing his thigh and wagging her tail frantically, Deacon only had eyes for me.

He lifted both hands and cupped my jaw, dipping his face to mine.

"Do you love me?" he asked.

"Of course," I answered.

"Does he love you?" he went on.

"Yes," I replied.

"Then, Cassie, he may not love me. He may not forgive me. He might not find it in his heart to understand. But if you love me, he'll find a way to put up with me."

Suddenly, I relaxed.

Because he was wrong.

Not about the part about Dad finding a way to put up with him.

About the part where Dad might not find it in his heart to understand.

He would.

He just needed to see to believe.

I nodded.

Deacon dipped his head further to kiss me.

Bossy raced from us to the door.

They were there.

I started freaking again.

Deacon felt it, lifted his head, looked in my eyes, and ordered, "Jesus. Cool it."

"Bossy," I snapped.

He grinned.

And again I quit freaking.

He let me go but grabbed my hand and took me to the door.

He dropped my hand but draped an arm around my shoulders as we waited on the porch at the top of the steps while Mom and Dad made their way to us ("we" meant Deacon and me, Bossy ran out to greet them).

Bossy got love first then they climbed the steps and I got some.

Introductions were awkward. Even though Mom invited Deacon to call her Beth on a warm smile, Dad invited Deacon to call him Obadiah on an assessing look.

We got them in. Mom and I set about filling cups of coffee. Deacon went back out and helped Dad get the bags.

And I got wired again because Dad allowed this but he didn't hide he was doing it to be polite.

"It'll be okay, Cassidy," Mom murmured to me in the kitchen while they (followed by Bossy) took the bags upstairs.

I said nothing.

Mom knew I was wired, reached out, and gave my hand a squeeze before letting it go.

That was reassuring, as Mom could be, but not reassuring enough.

The men came back, we sat around shooting the breeze at the kitchen table, then Deacon sent my freak out into overdrive when he turned to Dad and said, "Obadiah, been cooped up in a car awhile. You wanna take a walk?"

Oh God.

My eyes flew to Mom's.

She nodded encouragingly.

"It's cold," Dad replied and my heart sunk. "But you know, I think I would."

My gaze went to my father and my heart swelled.

Their chairs scraped as they got up and left the room, Bossy going with them.

I didn't move a muscle.

Neither did Mom.

I heard the door close.

"You were right, he's extremely handsome," she noted.

I looked to Mom and said nothing.

"Rugged."

She was not wrong.

"Manly," she went on.

I swallowed.

"Tall," she kept at me.

I fought wringing my hands.

"Built."

"Uh-huh," I mumbled.

"And, Cassie," she said, her voice going soft. "It is not lost on your father that he's being respectful to us, this is not easy on him because we know what he put you through, and he looks at you like you're the only reason on this earth he's still breathing."

Tears filled my eyes.

"It'll all be okay," she whispered.

I swallowed again and nodded.

"Love you, angelface."

The tears threatened to spill over so my voice was husky when I replied, "Love you too, Mom."

"And so happy you found yourself a man who loves you like that."

I deep breathed.

She calmly took a sip of coffee even though her eyes were bright too.

When she was done, she stated, "I hope you have a big spread planned for tonight. I'm starving."

"We can start dinner now," I offered gamely. "We'll eat it early."

"Let's do that," she agreed.

We did that.

The men came back.

I glanced at my father's impassive face but my eyes became glued to Deacon as he followed Dad into the kitchen.

He came direct to me, his expression giving away nothing.

But when he made it to me, he curled a hand tight at my hip, bent close, touched his mouth to mine, lifted away, and said quietly, "All good, baby."

I let out my breath.

"You get back, we'll stay a few days, you don't mind," Dad said to the room and Deacon and I turned to him to see him sitting at the table, one hand back to his coffee cup, the other in Bossy's ruff, her jaw on his thigh. "Take our Cassie to the slopes. You up for that?" Dad asked Deacon.

"Absolutely," Deacon replied.

I nearly choked on my giggle at the very thought of badass Deacon on a snowboard.

But mostly it was a giggle of relief.

Deacon moved toward Dad at the table.

I looked to Mom and she got close to me.

"What'd I say?" she asked under her breath.

I looked to what I was doing at the counter.

But I did it muttering, "Whatever."

She chuckled quietly.

As for me, I smiled at the counter.

Huge.

Somehow Deacon had made it all right.

I shouldn't have worried.

I should have believed.

I wouldn't make that mistake again. Not ever.

Because my man could do anything.

* * * * *

It was snowing, late afternoon, skies gray, when Deacon pulled up to the curb outside the tidy, little house on a sweet street in Iowa.

He didn't even stop before the door opened and a woman's body filled it.

This wasn't surprising. In the hotel that we'd checked into forty-five minutes ago, he'd made the call to tell them we were in town and he wanted to see them.

He suggested dinner at a restaurant that evening.

His mother had told him to come immediately.

We'd come immediately.

As I heard Deacon's door open, I watched the woman walk out onto the porch, a man followed her, more people were inside.

His sister, maybe.

I pushed my door open and Deacon was there when I jumped out.

He closed the door for me, grabbed my hand, and guided me to the walk.

I took in deep breaths as I saw them, his parents, his sister, a man hanging back in the house, a little boy at his side, leaning against his dad's leg, a toddler in the curve of the man's arm.

Deacon's nephew and niece, both he'd never met.

Deacon let my hand go halfway up the steps that were nearly covered with empty pots awaiting spring flowers, making the ascent awkward for two people.

He didn't let me go because of that.

He let me go because his mother was losing it. It was plain to see.

And when he hit the porch, she lost it.

I stopped moving one step down.

She rushed him, rolling up on her toes, her hands clasping his cheeks, and stood still, silent tears streaming down her face.

The same happened to me.

"My boy," she forced out in a voice cracked and scratchy.

"Yeah, Mom," Deacon replied gently, lifting one of his hands to cup her cheek.

"My boy," she repeated, lost the silent, and sobbed.

Deacon folded her in his arms, bending his head deep to put his lips to her hair, and he whispered to her words I couldn't hear.

She clutched him harder.

I concentrated all my efforts on not making a fool of myself and losing it too by letting loose ugly, sloppy tears.

"Got someone I want you to meet," Deacon said, his voice now louder. "So you gotta let me go so I can introduce you to the woman who brought me back, Mom."

She nodded, took her time letting him go, and turned to me, wiping her face.

"Mom, meet my Cassie," Deacon introduced.

I forced a smile. "Hello, Mrs. Gates."

"I...you..." She sucked in an audible breath and invited, "Call me Rosalie."

I kept smiling. "I'd be delighted."

Her face started crumbling so I rushed up the steps and took her in my arms.

She clasped on tight.

I looked around her and saw Deacon shaking hands with his dad, his dad's eyes glued to his son's, his other hand lifted and thumping Deacon on his arm. Then his expression shifted, melting, and I watched Deacon tighten their hold so he jerked his father to him until they were hands clasped between them, arms around each other.

"Home, Dad." I heard Deacon mutter.

Another quiet sob burst from the woman in my arms.

"Yeah, boy. Good. Good you're home," his father replied, voice thick, now pounding him on the back.

"Sweetheart, let's take this inside," the man in the door suggested and Deacon's sister moved.

She got us inside and the door barely closed before she fell into her brother's arms, bursting into the tears she held through the earlier reunions. So that was when Deacon bent his head and talked into her hair too.

I met his dad, Lou, his brother-in-law, Chet, his four-year-old nephew, Chandler, two-year-old niece, Pearl, and when she let Deacon go, I met his sister, Rebecca.

We had coffee in the kitchen.

Through this, Deacon disappeared into the living room, first with his parents. Then with his sister and brother-in-law.

They seemed calmer after that was over, settling into relieved, and reaching toward happy.

I wasn't surprised at this. Deacon could do anything.

It wasn't until much later, after dinner that started stilted then, mostly because I was part-lunatic, ended up with people laughing, it happened.

I was at the sink in the kitchen with Rosalie doing dinner dishes, Rebecca moving around the room, putting away the plates I was drying.

"I don't know what you did, but I'm glad you did it," she told her hands in the water in a voice so quiet, I barely caught it.

But I caught it.

"I just loved him," I replied, not as quietly since I wanted her to hear me.

She looked to me and I knew it was the wrong thing to say.

"I loved him too."

"Mom," Rebecca got close and joined in our quiet-speak. "You know what she means."

Rosalie shook her head. "I mean no offense, Cassie-"

"None taken," I cut her off. "But you need to know, the difference is, he took himself from you so your love couldn't get in. He needed to be where he was for reasons I know you understand, no matter how painful they may be. But for whatever reason, he kept coming back to me. He did it but he didn't let me in. Not for years. I did the best I could do with what he gave me, and when he opened the door, I went for it. He took away your shot to help him because that was what he needed. We just all lucked out that I was there when he was ready."

"We did," she replied. "We all lucked out."

I nodded.

"She was weak," she whispered.

She meant Jeannie.

"I'm not," I replied firmly. "I'm a tough broad."

She blinked. Then her face cracked. Then she burst out laughing.

Rebecca moved in to bump me with her shoulder. When I looked at her, she winked.

That felt good.

Deacon had an awesome family.

Again, I wasn't surprised.

Rebecca took the plate I was drying, and with Deacon's mom and sister, we finished the dishes.

* * * * *

Late that spring, I stood at the end of the side porch, looking into the new clearing, watching what was happening there, close to the river.

Deacon, Manuel, and Deacon's (very handsome) friend Raid were working on the gazebo.

He'd chosen the octagon.

It was going to be beautiful.

Esteban and Gerardo were helping. Gerardo even had a little man's tool belt on his hips. Of course, it was filled with plastic tools, but it worked for him. Silvia was hanging around, handing men nails, helping with boards, mostly to be near Deacon. Though, I was beginning to wonder if it was mostly to be near Raid.

She needed a boyfriend.

But only in a few years.

Like, ten of them.

Down the way, I could hear, but wasn't looking at Raid's woman Hanna playing what sounded like ring around the rosy with Margarita and Araceli, Bossy dancing around them, barking happily.

And behind me, I heard Milagros come up.

I didn't look at her, even as she got so close our shoulders brushed.

Needless to say, Deacon fixed things with the Cabreras.

It took him a while with Milagros.

But he did it.

He was also taking downtime, hanging with me, helping with the cabins. Since there wasn't a great deal to do, this meant we went to the slopes a lot when there was snow. And Deacon took to snowboarding like Deacon, effortlessly, explaining this by saying, "My feet were nearly surgically attached to a skateboard when I was a kid, woman."

Whatever. So he could do anything. And snowboarding with Deacon worked for me.

Anything with Deacon worked for me.

The rest of the time, we dinked around a lot.

Now that the ground was not frozen, he was back to work.

He'd go back to work when I had my gazebo and laundry building. In helping me with the cabins, it became clear that there wasn't enough for him to do and he'd told me he needed to be busy. So he was going to find a job.

He didn't know what he wanted to do yet, just that he was going to go back on the grid, officially.

I worried about this. Uncle Sam, I figured, might have a problem with someone dropping out for ten years plus, then showing back up again.

"It becomes a problem, Cassidy, we deal," Deacon said when I shared these fears with him. "But, woman, shit happens in life and people drop out all the time. I was a homeless man, lost and wandering. You don't make a homeless man pay taxes."

This was true, even though Deacon was a homeless millionaire.

But he was right. If it became a problem, we'd deal. Deacon was good with dealing, after he survived the ultimate and came out the other side. It took him some time, but he did it.

So there was no use worrying about it now.

And bottom line, he was back. Not in the shadows. He was living, free and clean.

With me.

"I like his friends," Milagros noted, taking my mind from my thoughts.

"Yeah," I agreed. "They're likeable."

And they were. Extremely. More so because Raid looked at Hanna a lot like Deacon looked at me.

Like she was his reason for breathing.

That said it all about Raid Miller.

As for Hanna, she was just lovely. And sweet.

"Friends say a lot about a man."

Milagros wasn't wrong about that, and Hanna and Raid said everything.

"Manuel no longer worries."

I closed my eyes as that swept through me.

I opened them again, saying, "I'm glad."

"I am too, Cassidy." Her voice was heavy with meaning. "Very glad."

I drew in a breath, let it go, turned to my friend, and smiled.

She smiled back at me.

Then she said, "Let's get those workers a drink."

"You're on," I replied.

Her eyes twinkled.

Then we walked into the kitchen to get the workers a drink.

* * * * *

I was barely containing my excitement when the knock came at the door.

"Get that, will you, honey?" I asked the sandwiches I was making at the counter.

"I do, you gonna stop bein' so fuckin' jumpy?" Deacon asked back, and I knew he was moving from the fridge to the door.

Deacon asking this wasn't because he could read me. This was me being obvious.

"Let's just say, no surprise parties for you," I stated.

"What'd you do?"

His tone made me look to him standing in the kitchen door.

Standing. Not walking to open the front door.

"Deacon, you need to-"

"What'd you do?" he repeated.

To get him to get a move on, I answered, "Happy birthday."

"Woman, it's April."

"So?" I asked but didn't wait for his answer. "You said you didn't want presents on your birthday. Therefore, you're getting one not on your birthday."

He shook his head, staring at me, lips twitching.

I was about to come out of my skin.

"Deacon!" I snapped then bossed, "Go get the door."

He kept shaking his head, turned, and sauntered through the foyer.

I wanted to go to the kitchen door and watch. I really did.

I didn't. I knew if I did I might explode with the happy excitement gushing inside me.

I heard the words, "Special delivery for Deacon Gates," and Deacon replying, "That's me." Then, "Sign here," and I had to shift from foot to foot to stop from running into the foyer.

I heard the door close but I felt it before it did.

I felt it get stronger as he returned to me.

I heard Bossy bark.

I looked to the door to see my man standing there with his new German Shepherd puppy cradled to his chest, licking his throat.

Deacon's eyes were on me but his features were scored raw with the love he had for me.

I felt my eyes sting but had it in me to say, "I did Boss Lady, your turn to train him."

"I love you," he whispered

"I know," I whispered back.

Bossy barked.

I went back to making sandwiches mostly so Deacon could eat his while I got to play with the new puppy.

We named him Priest.

* * * * *

I turned my head and looked over my shoulder.

I was up on my knees, facing the headboard I was tied to. Just my wrists. My legs were free.

This allowed me to spread them wide and rock my sex against Deacon's mouth as he fed from me.

When I looked over my shoulder, though, I saw him on his back, knees cocked, feet in the bed, the hand he didn't have clamped to my hip jacking his big cock.

"Baby," I breathed, ground into his face, arched my back, and came hard.

I lost his mouth but didn't mind since I was still coming.

"Tip," he growled into my ear.

I tipped my hips.

He rammed his cock deep.

I cried out with sheer ecstasy.

He pounded deep, one hand going to my breast, fingers tugging my nipple, other hand going to my sex, finger to my clit, face in my neck.

"Again," he demanded.

"Yes," I panted.

He fucked me.

I took it. I loved it. I came for him again.

With it still burning deep, I felt my wrists released as he pulled out without joining me in a climax.

"My turn," he growled into my ear.

Oh yes.

Yes.

Definitely.

I moved. Deacon moved. He grasped on to the headboard.

We'd learned he didn't need restraints. He'd stay still for me. Sometimes it was a battle, but each time Deacon succeeded.

That said, on occasion, I used them. Because I wanted to. Because he let me. Because he wanted to. Because we both got off on it.

Mostly, though, I let him bind me.

We did vanilla all the time. It was magnificent.

But we also played.

Frequently.

I moved behind but slightly beside him, pressing into him, one hand reaching forward to wrap around his swollen cock, the other hand going to the plug I'd given him, blowing him as I did it, before we started.

I jacked him and fucked him but I didn't need to do either. Deacon kept control by fucking my hand and thus mostly fucking himself.

"Yeah, baby," he kept growling.

He loved me working him.

I loved that.

When he'd given me my orgasm, my excitement never left knowing what was to come. But at hearing his growl, my clit started pulsing.

The headboard started slamming into the wall.

And more pulsing.

"Hold on, honey," I whispered into his ear then licked his neck.

"Twist and fuck, Cassie," he ordered.

I knew what that meant. The next level, which was the level before I gave it all to him at the same time he gave it all to me.

Right then, though, I gave him what he needed.

"Fuck yeah," he groaned, his head dropping forward, maybe because he couldn't hold it up, probably because he liked to watch me jack his cock.

I would know it was the latter when he kept groaning as he said, "Love what you do to me."

"Love it too, baby."

"More. Harder. Jack me harder, Cassie."

I tightened my fist on his cock and jacked him harder.

"Drive that fucker deep," he demanded.

My pussy throbbing at his demand, twisting, I took his ass deep.

That was when I got his grunts.

I loved those most of all.

"That's it, baby," he groaned through the grunts. "Fuck me and jack me."

"Long as you want, honey," I whispered. Breathing hard against his neck, I latched on, suckled his flesh, and gave him more.

And I gave it to him as long as he wanted, Deacon fucking my fist and taking his plug deep.

Finally, he rumbled low, "Fill me."

I knew what that meant, wanted what that meant, and shoved in the plug.

"Here," he growled.

I moved but not quickly enough. He moved me. Lifting me, hands at my ass, back to the headboard, he slammed deep, his mouth on mine.

I wrapped my legs around his hips and sucked hard at his tongue.

I came almost instantly.

It took Deacon a couple of minutes to follow me.

When we were coming down, he kept one hand at my ass, the other arm he lifted to the middle of my back as he kissed me slow and started fucking me sweet.

He kept taking me gently when he broke the kiss, glided his lips to my neck, and asked there, "You good?"

"Oh yeah," I breathed. "You?"

He slid in, stayed in, and answered, "Fuck yeah."

I tipped my head, smiled into his shoulder, and trailed my hands along the warm skin of his back.

"Love you, my Cassie."

Another smile.

"Love you too, my Deacon."

His hand squeezed the cheek of my ass as his arm did the same at my back.

He lifted his head and I righted mine to catch his eyes.

There was a glint in them and I knew he was about to commence teasing.

"You done with my ass?" he asked.

"For now," I answered.

The grooves deepened around his mouth.

"My dick?"

My eyes rolled up and went side to side, searching the ceiling.

He pressed his hips into mine.

I looked back at him. "Maybe."

"She wants more," he muttered.

"Are you tired, old man?" I asked.

"Fuck no," he answered.

"So, your woman isn't done with you playing with her."

"That woman's gonna be the death of me."

"It's you who makes it so hot I want more," I accused.

"It's you grindin' your cunt in my face as you moan then tippin' your ass and takin' it hard while you whimper. And it's you pressin' your tits in my back while you pant in my neck and jack my ass and dick, Cassie. So it's arguable who makes it hot. But I'm not gonna argue about it. If you wanna look at it that way, not gonna stop you."

I grinned at him.

He moved us and fell forward, settling me on my back in the bed with him on me.

He nuzzled and stroked me for a while. I let him for that while and returned the favor.

Finally, his lips went to my ear.

"You want vanilla, you want me to go down on you again, or does my Cassie want her ass spanked?"

My limbs around him convulsed when he said the word "spanked."

I felt his smile against my neck before he murmured, "Red ass," while his hand shoved under me and cupped it. "You want that plugged?"

"Yes, baby," I whispered.

"Okay, Cassie. His for hers. You take out mine, I'll go get yours."

I held fast. "I changed my mind."

"No spanking?"

I lifted my head, shifted it, and said in his ear, "Will you work me full?"

"She's not done with my ass," he muttered.

I dropped my head to the pillow and caught his eyes. "You don't have to-"

"Baby, you want it?"

"Yes," I whispered.

"Then you get it."

"But-"

"Did I give you any indication I didn't like what you just gave me?"

He absolutely didn't.

"No."

"We make a deal. I work you full, spank your plugged ass, after I give it to you, you suck me while you fuck me and I eat you, givin' it to you again while you give it to me. That work for you?"

I writhed underneath him.

His lips twitched. "It works for you."

"Yeah, honey."

He rolled, kissed my hip, and exited the bed to get my toy.

Some time later, I got a red ass and two more orgasms.

Deacon didn't get the former, but he got one of the latter.

Only then was I done.

And Deacon, who, if he had it in him, gave me what I wanted (and he so had it in him), only then left the bed to let Bossy in (Priest had to sleep in his kennel, poor baby) and rejoin me there.

We nestled together and went to sleep while Bossy snored, lying on the floor on Deacon's side of the bed.

* * * * *

I sat in the Suburban watching Deacon saunter back from the building.

He got in and we both looked to the building.

We waited.

The receptionist came back. Through the windows, we saw her read the note. We heard her shout from where we were all the way across the street. Then we watched her run, arms in the air waving excitedly, back down the hallway.

That was when Deacon started the Suburban and sent her on her way.

"We should wait around and watch the celebration," I noted.

"Don't need to."

"It'd be cool to see."

"Sure it would, woman, still don't need to see it."

I turned my head to look back at the building getting smaller in the distance.

It was the fourth one we'd been to and the last one we were going to. Each one, if they had security, Deacon disabled it with his secret Deacon ways before we sat and watched it, waited until the front area was vacant, then he walked in with his bag and dropped it on the reception desk.

This building had a sign over it that said Sacred Heart Healing Center.

It was a non-profit drug rehabilitation center.

And moments ago, the receptionist hit her desk and found a bag filled with half a million dollars in cash and a note that said it was an anonymous gift given in the name of one who had surrendered.

He'd given away two million dollars to four charitable drug rehab clinics.

He was keeping the rest for a rainy day.

Did I say I loved my man?

I loved my man.

* * * * *

I heard it so I grinned, bent, grabbed the tray with my oven-gloved hand, pulled it out of the oven, and walked out of the kitchen, both Bossy and Priest at my heels.

I kept hold of the tray while I reached out and opened the door.

Bossy raced out in front of me. Priest followed, floppy ears bouncing, mostly galloping.

I strolled out, stopping at the top of the steps, looking down them to Deacon dismounting a shiny, black, totally kickass, vintage Harley-Davidson motorcycle.

He gave Bossy a rubdown, snatched up Priest, then came up the steps to me.

He nabbed a cookie from the tray even if it was still hot. And apparently, badasses didn't get their mouths burned on hot snickerdoodles since he popped it into his mouth and immediately started chewing.

"Looks nice," I noted about the bike after he swallowed hot cookie.

"Gettin' you an apron," he replied strangely.

"Sorry?"

"You in an apron, makin' me cookies."

I rolled my eyes.

When I rolled them back, he was grinning.

"Take off your jeans, top, bra, panties, keep the apron on, fuck you against the kitchen counter."

My legs started trembling.

That I could do.

"Though," he said reflectively, "might keep on the panties but pulled down around your thighs."

I glared. "Do you want me to drop these cookies I slaved over while I experience a spontaneous orgasm on the front porch?"

He grinned again. "Maybe."

I rolled my eyes again.

When I rolled them back, Deacon was leaned in to me.

"Want a ride?"

I didn't hesitate.

"Absolutely."

He leaned back. "Go get rid of the tray, woman."

I went and got rid of the tray.

Deacon went to put Priest in his kennel.

We left Bossy behind as I went back out with my man.

I swung up behind him on the back of his new bike, he revved it, and I felt quivers assault my nether regions.

We took off.

And life was sweet.

* * * * *

I sat on the steps of the gazebo facing the river, its riverbanks edged with a plethora of wildflowers.

So was the area round the gazebo.

The steps were also lined with pots of thriving flowering plants and trailing greenery, more boxes were hooked to all the railings containing the same.

It was gorgeous. I loved it. The plants made it awesome.

But the fact that Deacon built it for me made it magnificent.

I also had a laundry building and I'd been right, those machines cost a whack, we were making a mint.

I'd let Deacon pay for all of it.

His buy-in.

A statement needed to be made.

We were partners.

In everything.

Though, that didn't mean I didn't bust his chops. I did.

But he liked it (mostly because I gave in).

I thought that was good but beautiful war was waged over the fact that Deacon didn't. In the end, he won that too by paying back my dad, with interest. He also paid the mortgage every other month.

I didn't grouse. There was no need.

We were in this together.

He'd found work in construction, working for a man who had a business in Gnaw Bone named Holden "Max" Maxwell. Weirdly, this was the man who married the woman who got attacked at my cabins years ago.

Strange how life connected like that.

He was a good guy. His wife Nina was an awesome lady, a bit crazy and more outspoken than me, so I dug her. They had two kids. They'd been over for dinner. We'd been over to their place. And when Max lost one of his foremen, he'd promoted Deacon.

Deacon had been working for him for a month.

Seemed Holden Maxwell wasn't only smart enough to get himself tied to a tough broad, he was smart enough to see he had talent on his team.

So far, Uncle Sam had not cottoned on to Deacon rejoining the citizenry.

That might happen but I wasn't worried. Deacon and I could weather any storm.

We'd proved that.

Life with Deacon was a beautiful war no way we could lose.

I heard his boots on the steps that led up on the other side, but I didn't move.

I also heard Bossy's claws.

She hadn't defected from me. She still loved her momma. But she preferred Deacon.

I didn't mind.

I did too.

Then again, it was becoming clear Priest preferred me.

Payback.

My eyes searched for my puppy but he didn't come out with his daddy. This boded good things, since if he did, we'd need to pay attention so he didn't get in trouble.

And thus this said Deacon was intent to give his attention to me.

I knew this to be true when Deacon didn't sit beside me. He sat behind me and surrounded me with his long legs, feet to the step where mine were, his arms wrapping around my middle.

I felt his chin rest on my shoulder and closed my eyes.

Happy.

Completely and utterly.

I opened my eyes.

"Thanks for my gazebo," I said softly.

I heard the grin in his voice when he replied, "Not a problem."

He was happy too.

So I was happier.

"Thanks for my laundry building."

There was a thread of humor in his voice when he said, "Not a problem."

And even happier.

"Thanks for being you."

His arms tightened and the humor was gone when he repeated, "Not a problem, Cassie."

"Thanks for letting me be me."

More tightening, then, "Definitely not a problem."

"Thank you for loving me," I whispered.

No reply. Just his arms got so tight I could barely breathe.

When he released the pressure, I went on.

"And thanks for letting me love you."

"Makin' this easy," he said weirdly.

"Sorry?"

He let me go but didn't move away. One of his hands caught my left one, the other one disappeared.

It came back.

And when it did, I stopped breathing.

This was because he was sliding a princess cut diamond set in a thick platinum band on my ring finger.

"Marry me," he whispered into my ear.

Sheesh. Deacon was so totally rejoining the citizenry.

My eyes started stinging.

His hand curled around mine tight.

"Right here, in this gazebo, soon as you want, late as you want, big, small, grand, quiet, I don't give a fuck. Whatever you want, just so when it's over, you're tied to me legally and got my name."

My head fell back so it wouldn't fall forward. I turned it and pressed my forehead into his neck.

"We get hitched," he went on, "we find our time, then we make a baby. But you go off your pills, the first time it could be a go, we start that work in my bed in cabin eleven."

Cabin eleven.

God, I so loved Deacon.

To share that, I replied, "I'll take your name, Deacon. I'll take anything you want to give me. And I'll make a baby with you in cabin eleven, in our bed at the house, on the moon."

"Then give me your mouth, woman, no argument, right now."

Like I'd argue.

I tipped my head back but didn't give it. He took it. He did this a long time. He did this until Bossy joined us and started licking our faces, wanting in on the act.

We broke it off but Deacon's arms were back around me so it was me who drove my fingers into her ruff and asked, "You gonna wear a big pink bow when Momma marries Daddy in this gazebo?"

She panted and licked my face.

Deacon started laughing.

I took that as a yes.

* * * * *

Deep in the night, I was tucked tight to Deacon's back, arm around him, when I felt his body jerk before I felt the covers thrown off me.

"Baby, what on-?" I started.

He was off the bed and I could tell by the noises he was pulling on his jeans.

"Do not move," he growled. "And do not fight me, Cassie. You stay up here with Bossy and don't move."

My heart clutched.

He bent, nabbed his tee, and stalked to the door through the dark.

"Stay with Cassie," he ordered Bossy.

I watched through the shadows as Bossy did as she was told, sitting on her behind, but she barked at the door when Deacon closed us in.

I jumped from the bed and dashed around the room, tugging on the clothes Deacon had taken off when he'd made love to me hours before.

Then I approached the window at the side, carefully peeking through the edge of the sheers and down to the lane.

The motion sensor lights were on. By their light, I saw Raid's jeep, a sleek, expensive looking car, a Mercedes, and an SUV that was not Deacon's or mine.

He'd heard that cavalcade coming.

God, was his old life knocking at the door?

Bossy gave me a sharp but quiet bark and I looked down to see her at attention three feet from me.

She wanted me away from the window.

Daddy's girl.

Still, I moved away. That settled her and she sat on her heiny until suddenly her head jerked toward the door.

She trotted to it just as it opened.

I wasn't surprised. I, too, heard Deacon coming up the stairs.

"Cassidy, got a situation. Come down, yeah? Raid's here. So are Knight, Marcus, Creed, and Sylvie."

What was going on?

Before I could ask, he continued," As well as Hanna, Knight's woman, and Marcus's."

I stared.

"Woman, here," he ordered.

His tone brooked no argument, so for once, I didn't argue.

I went there.

He grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the room.

He kept hold of my hand as he pulled me down the stairs, Bossy following. And he kept hold of it as he pulled me to a stop in the foyer.

Bossy barked at the company we had crowding the space.

I looked down at her and said, soft but firm, "Quiet. Sit. Stay, baby."

She looked up at me, quieted and sat.

"Oo, sugar! Isn't that precious! Your dog is sooooo good."

My head snapped up and I took in a woman who, at first glance, I thought was Dolly Parton.

I also saw Hanna and Raid, a handsome but scary man standing next to the Dolly lookalike, and another handsome (incredibly handsome) but scary and younger man standing next to a very beautiful woman. Last, I saw a petite blonde who still looked like she could take a stab at kicking Deacon's ass and hold her own (before he bested her, of course), standing next to another handsome man who had a scar on his face.

She had a baby to her hip.

So did the beautiful woman, not to mention her hot guy held a toddler.

"I'll do this so you boys, and girl," the Dolly lady started, tipping her head to the petite blonde, "can get your shit sorted so you can get shit sorted." She stepped forward. "I'm Daisy Sloan. That's my honey bunches of oats, Marcus." She pointed at the older, good-looking guy.

Even as scary as all this was, I was fighting back a giggle at her honey bunches of oats comment.

"This here is Tucker and Sylvie Creed and their baby, Jesse," she went on, giving me the knowledge of who the petite woman and hot, scarred guy were. "That there is Knight Sebring, his woman Anya, their girls Kat and Kasha." She indicated the beautiful woman and non-scarred, hot guy. "Think you know Raid and Hanna," she finished.

"Uh, yeah," I confirmed, sending a small grin Raid and Hanna's way. I looked to the others. "Nice to finally meet you all. Deacon says good things."

I got smiles, grins, and chin lifts.

"Right," Daisy stated. "Now, Knight's brother is a pain in the patoot. And 'cause he is, your man is gonna have to go off with all our men," she circled the air with her upturned finger, "to sort his shit out. We're stayin' with you, with Sylvie standin' guard. Not 'cause she doesn't want in on the action, 'cause it's doubtful you'd shoot a man in the face if he came to give us trouble, and she would."

I blinked before my eyes cut to Sylvie and my mouth dropped open.

Her lips quirked, she lifted her hand and gave me a finger wave.

Deacon's hand tightened in mine but I heard some chuckles and giggles hit the room, Deacon's one of the former.

Daisy kept talking.

"I might, but it would depend on what I'm wearin'. Bloodstains are a bitch to get out and my Marcus works hard to keep me in my duds, most of 'em special made, so I don't wanna ruin them with bloodstains."

It was then I took in her attire: bolero vest heavily studded with square silver rivets, white tank stretched to the max over enormous bosoms, skintight jeans that were so faded, they almost looked white, these with rips at both knees and up the thighs, massive rhinestone encrusted belt buckle attached to an equally rhinestone encrusted belt, and patent-leather, pink high-heeled, platform sandals that, no other way to describe them, were stripper sandals.

It was the most horrendous outfit I'd ever seen.

And she looked fabulous in it.

"I, uh..." I mumbled.

Daisy cut me off. "So let's get coffee. You got beds these little ones can be tucked into?"

I turned and motioned to the kitchen. "Coffee in there."

Hanna headed that way.

"I'll show you guys to my guestrooms," I said to Anya and Sylvie.

They headed to me.

"Now, git," Daisy said to the men, shooing them with neon pink taloned hands toward my living room. "Sort your shit so this shit can get sorted. I don't do the outdoors, but if I did, I'd do it here, though not for long," Her massive head of teased platinum-blonde hair swung my way as she said, "No offense. But I like my facials and I'm not thinkin' there's a spa close by that can give it to me like I like it."

"No offense taken," I replied.

She looked back at the men and did more shooing.

I led the women up the stairs with their kids, helping Anya out by taking the sleeping little one Knight had added to her other arm, and carrying her up.

We got that sorted and by the time we got back downstairs, the doors to my living room were closed, and female chatter was coming from the kitchen.

Sylvie went to the living room.

Anya guided me to the kitchen.

"Crazeee," Daisy stated when I walked in. "Thought I was havin' me a vision," she said, circling her taloned hand in front of her face. "Got me some Rock Chicks, all in Denver, and not one a' those bitches are hard to look at. But, girl, you might be the most beautiful thing I ever laid my eyes on."

"Well, uh...thanks."

"Don't thank me," she muttered, dropping hand. "God gave you them looks."

I gave big eyes to Hanna, walked her way, and gave her a belated welcome hug.

"Good to see you, darlin'," I said in her ear.

"Same here," she said back, pulled away, but didn't let me go. "Told you when we left, wanted another stay at Glacier Lily. But Knight's crazy brother wasn't the reason I wanted to be here."

She knew about Knight's crazy brother. I also knew because Deacon had told me Knight's crazy brother, Nick, was a "wildcard" in some crazy shit that involved Knight that had not yet been resolved.

I was guessing it still wasn't.

"Was a phone call too much to do prior to you all hauling yourselves up here?" I queried.

"Phones are being listened to," Hanna replied.

Oh my God!

"Are we in danger?" I asked.

Her head tipped sharply to the side, her brows snapping together, her expression profoundly stunned.

I'd know why when she answered, "Raid wouldn't let anything harm me."

No, he wouldn't.

Same with Deacon.

I relaxed.

She grinned.

Bossy barked.

And then I heard Deacon order, "Cassie, here."

I let Hanna go and looked to the kitchen door. Deacon was just inside and the others were streaming in behind him.

I didn't care we had company and thus snapped, "Seriously?"

He came to me, took my hand, and dragged me out of the kitchen.

Bossy followed, dancing around us, and stopping with us in the foyer.

He got me in front of him, kept hold of my hand, but lifted his other to my jaw.

"I'm gonna have to go," he told me.

"I got that," I told him.

"You'll be safe."

"Of course I will."

His head jerked.

"Would you leave me if I wasn't?" I asked.

He stared at me.

"Go," I bossed. "Do whatever it is you do. Try not to make too much of a mess. Uncle Sam knows you exist now. You don't need him getting better acquainted with you by introducing you to his penal system. You hear me?"

He kept staring at me.

"Hello, Deacon Deacon Louis Gates?" I called. "Go so you can come back to me. We're getting married in T minus six months and I kinda need you there when that happens."

"Cassie Boss," he murmured.

"That's me," I said proudly.

"Fuck, I love you," he growled.

"Know that too."

His hand at my jaw jerked me forward; his other hand came to the other side just as his mouth crushed down on mine.

When he lifted his head, my breathing was unsteady, but I'd have to be dead not to be able to be ornery and bossy.

So I commenced doing that.

"You're far away, you eat and sleep on your way back to me. And before that, you eat and sleep good while you're away from me. Last, you call me when you're on your way home so I have plenty of time to make you cookies."

The grooves dug deep, the crinkles fanned out, his beautiful lips tipped up, and his magnificent tawny eyes started dancing, making me feel precisely what he wanted me to feel.

Warm.

Safe.

Loved.

And happy.

For eternity.

