Prologue

Six months from Blind Devotion

The Mess

"Butch, wake up, baby. Please, you've got to wake up. You can't die," Cheryl said, screaming his name. There was blood everywhere, and none of The Skulls agreed to help him. Everything had gone wrong, and she didn't know how to make it all right. "Please, somebody, help me."

Tiny, Devil, Alex stared down at the body refusing to help. Why wouldn't they help? Butch had done everything they asked.

He didn't tell you everything about the Savage Brothers MC, only part of it.

"He's dead. Leave him be," Tiny said, spitting on the ground. He was covered in blood, his arm holding a giant gash that revealed too much of his flesh. Gonzalez and the Savage Brothers had taken them all by surprise, and now both crews were having to pay the price.

"No, he's not dead. I can feel a pulse. Please, you've got to help him." Cheryl tried to cover the bullet wound to keep his blood from leaving his body.

No one was helping. Sandy was passing out across the room. What remained of the Fort Wills town hall left a lot to be desired. Civilians were running around trying to get away from the attack that had hit the town within days of Tiny going to war with Devil. For the first time in years Devil and Tiny didn't get along, and it was all because of Gonzalez. They'd all been mistaken. Gonzalez had never intended to choose between the two men. He was going to take on Fort Wills and Piston County, killing all of them. Cheryl saw the glares they were shooting at her man. It was all a big mistake. They were all staring at Butch as if he was a rat, vermin, something they couldn't bring themselves to touch. Didn't they know he was helping them all?

"He's not getting my f**king help," Zero said, standing up. "He's f**king dead to me."

"This is what Gonzalez wants," she said. Butch had told her nearly everything about what he'd done and why. He'd missed the part about the Savage Brothers coming today. He promised her that he'd given them a different location. Either Butch had lied to her or the Savage Brothers had lied to Butch. Gonzalez had to be put down. There was no way to stop what he had to do. He was betraying his brothers, and yet he was protecting them at the same time. She saw through the actions that had played out only moments ago, so why couldn't they? The Savage Brothers club was in his blood. He was helping all three clubs without even picking one. The Skulls were his home.

Butch did what Alex told him to. He'd told her as much as he could. The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds were refusing to see the truth, and now the love of her life was dying in her arms. Glancing around the room, she saw members of both crews were dying all around them. It didn't have to be this way.

She tried to think fast.

Staring from one man to the other, she tried to figure out the fastest way to help her man.

All of them, apart from Alex, were married. Those women were in a safe house, or at least they thought it was safe. Butch had arranged for the women and children to be at the warehouse in the hope of luring Gonzalez away from them. The Savage Brothers knew where they were, and perhaps Gonzalez did as well.

"If you let Butch die, every single person you hold dear will die," she said, letting her words sink in. She hated threatening them, but she had to do something to save her man from dying. Butch was her whole life.

"They're safe."

"Are they? Have you heard from Lexie? Eva? Tate? They're all where Butch put them, and I know I can end their lives if his heart stops beating." She gritted her teeth as the blood seeped through her fingers.

Cheryl was willing to do everything to save her man, even put the lives of the clubs' women at stake.

Chapter One

Tiny and Eva

Three months earlier

"Do you have any idea what you did?" Tiny asked, turning to glare at Devil. Their closest men were present for the fight that was about to happen. After hearing what had gone down in Piston County, Tiny wasn't in the mood to play games. His daughter ended up in a f**king coma because he'd hit out at Gonzalez. Tate had almost died because of him, and for a month it had been touch and go. He'd spent so much time in the f**king hospital by her side begging for her to come back. She was a total bitch at times, but she was still his daughter and he loved her. Tiny didn't want anything to happen to his women, family, or club. Everywhere he turned bad shit was happening to the people he loved, and he couldn't stand it. How much was he supposed to put up with before enough was really enough? Devil was not only putting the Chaos Bleeds crew at risk, he was harming Tiny's club, and that he didn't accept. Whizz was working around the clock to get something on Gonzalez. There had to be something big for a man who could have so many men working for him. When they did have something, Tiny had every intention of hitting the man back, only this time he was going to do it in the right time and in style. He had faith that Whizz would come through. There was no way he'd accept failure, not in Whizz, not after everything that had happened. Seeing the smug smile on Devil's face angered him. Tiny was pissed off, beyond pissed, and he wanted to kill the f**ker standing before him. They'd been through a lot together, yet Tiny was having a hard time dealing with what had happened.

Devil took a step toward him. "You want to be pissed at me for lashing out at Gonzalez, fine. He called one of mine, Tiny. Ashley may have been a club whore, but she wasn't just a piece of ass, she was part of us." Pussy and the rest of the Chaos Bleeds crew threw their cheers in to agree. "Now, you can be pissed at me for that or for the last order that came through from Gonzalez, which was for us to transfer over one hundred f**king girls to be put to work. Those girls were exactly that. I don't care what bitches do when they're of age, but until then, it's my business to make sure I don't f**k up. Fucking look at it without all the f**king fear, Tiny. Gonzalez wanted us to take young girls, fourteen-year-olds with no hope of a future and let any dirty f**ker touch them, rape them. I don't give a f**k what anyone says, it's f**king rape."

Tiny gritted his teeth at the visual being thrust upon him. He couldn't back away when Devil got up into his face. There was no hope for any of them if he lost his shit. Everything Devil said was the truth, and knowing it, made Tiny sick inside. He had two daughters of his own. The very thought of something like that happening to Tate or Tabitha was like a punch to the gut.

"You've got a three year old daughter, Tiny. You want to start that shit with a kid, think about her when she grows up." Devil voiced his very thoughts.

Tabitha and Miles were the twins Eva had given to him and were the light of his life. He'd never been so happy in his life until he finally claimed Eva for his own. The daughter of a fighter, Eva rarely took any kind of shit. Fuck, he loved that woman way more than he loved the club at times. If anyone threatened them, his family, the person ended up six feet under.

"No, I wouldn't let that happen," he said.

"The next generation are coming, Tiny. They're right on us, and we're going to hand them down our legacy. All of us, not just the two of us have something to pass onto our kids. Do you want them eating out of Gonzalez's hand? I know my Simon is not going to be taking this shit. I will not have this become what The Darkness wanted. Fuck, Snitch would be loving every second of this. He'd be using the girls like they were his own. We fought to put a stop to this before. I'm not going to stop now. Gonzalez means war, and I'm going to give him one." Devil stepped back, holding his hand up. "Chaos Bleeds does not accept shit. We throw shit back. What I did with his warehouse is simple payback."

"He took Ashley from us. We deserve payback," Pussy said, growling.

They were all in Fort Wills to celebrate Cheryl and Butch along with Pussy and Sasha's coming wedding. Both clubs were using the event to deal with the main problem they all faced, Gonzalez, the drug dealing pimp, who happened to be big over in Europe and was working his way through their towns and further. At least, Gonzalez had been big until he decided to take on America. Whizz had found out some startling revelations that could tear Gonzalez's operation apart. It seemed his absence over in Europe had created some waves with other crime lords, who'd decided to swoop in and take over. All of the deals Gonzalez had now only involved people in America. Everyone had severed ties and connections with Gonzalez. This could be the one thing they needed to finally draw Gonzalez to his knees. Tiny wasn't ready to share any news he had with Devil. The leader of the Chaos Bleeds crew could end up reacting prematurely and ruining every chance they had of taking Gonzalez down. Tiny knew he needed to take his time and not screw this up.

"He took something from everyone-"

"But he hasn't killed one of your team," Pussy said, interrupting him. "He's taken from us, and he did it because he could. You don't know what it feels like."

There was no argument for that. "I know and I'm sorry, but starting a f**king war with this piece of shit is not the answer at least, not now." Tiny glared at all of the Chaos Bleeds men. "There's a time and a place to take revenge."

"Dude's got a point," Steven said, speaking up. "We're f**king lapdogs, and this f**ker is only going to get worse. Ashley was the beginning. He's going to go after others, and if we're not careful, he'll kill all of us and get what he wants. We need to put a stop to this."

Blaine cleared his throat. He'd been shot some months back but was fully recovered thanks to his woman and little girl, Emily and Darcy. "I've got to get my girls out of dodge if shit is going down. I can't risk them. It has taken too much to get them back, and we've already had a lot of shit to handle."

"We can't take anyone out of town. Gonzalez has his men all over the place. None of us leave, but we can set up a safe house for us all," Tiny said, staring at Devil. He saw his men looking tired of it all. "I know what you're all are going through. My daughter was in a f**king coma because I hit out at this shit. Next time it might not be a f**king coma, it could be death."

He was tired of fighting this shit. "I'm asking for you to trust me. We can keep them safe."

"Where?" Devil asked.

"We stay in Fort Wills. The old warehouse where Nash went through his recovery and that we've converted it to a gym of some kind. We've been sorting that place out for us to work through. Every chance we had, some shit happened that pulled us away from it," Tiny said, glancing around at his men.

Nash nodded. "That would do. We could work with that. The warehouse would be the perfect place to keep the women safe. They don't have to stay here, and we're still in town, but the warehouse is locked up tight. It's safer than a f**king bank with Whizz controlling everything."

"It still leaves us open to an attack," Zero said.

"But it doesn't put us at risk. The women will move to the warehouse, so they won't leave the town. It's a win-win," Butch said, speaking up.

Butch had yet to be voted in, which Tiny was hoping to get done within the next couple of days. There was no way he was allowing Butch back in unless he proved himself. Lash and Angel were due back this afternoon. Once shit settled down, the club was going to vote on letting Butch back in, and then they could truly deal with Gonzalez.

"We're all in agreement. We celebrate the weddings, and then we put the women in lockdown at the warehouse. Once that's out of the way we can deal with Gonzalez."

"I've got to collect the rest of my club, Tiny. We're not going back to Piston County until we know what's going on," Devil said. "They're at risk there, and I'm not going to put any of my men at risk."

"Fine, do whatever you need to do. We'll work together as a club, but when Gonzalez is gone, you're out of here." There was only so much time two MC clubs could work properly together. If they weren't careful, the closely guarded relationship between The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds would shatter the longer they spent together. He and Devil were two different people, and they had different rules that they abided by.

"What should we call ourselves?" Pussy asked. "The Bleeds or Chaos Skulls? Maybe even The Skulls Bleeds."

Rolling his eyes, Tiny turned away. Out of all of the men, Pussy was still the joker. Considering he was getting hitched to a blind girl, Tiny would have thought Pussy would grow up. It hadn't happened. Pussy was as big a clown now as he'd always been. Sasha kept him in line to a point. How they were going to get on, Tiny didn't know, and it wasn't any of his business. Pussy and his woman were Devil's problem, not his.

"Shut the f**k up," Devil said, leading the way out of the room. One by one his men and those of the Chaos Bleeds crew left the room. Running a hand down his face, Tiny tried to clear his thoughts. Nothing was happening, and his thoughts were still as chaotic as before. Gonzalez was a big problem, one he couldn't solve on his own.

"Are you all right?" Eva asked.

Opening his eyes, he saw his wife with her arms folded, leaning against the wall. "Yeah, I'm okay."

"You don't look it." She tilted her head to the side, seeing past his bullshit. No matter what he said, Eva always saw deep inside his soul. She was his other half, his soul mate, and the reason he was shit scared of Gonzalez taking her away from him.

"Shit's going down all around, and I don't know what the f**k I'm doing." He opted for the truth.

She walked into the room, closing the door behind her. They were alone, in private where no one could get them. "You're not supposed to be doing this alone. This wasn't our fight, Tiny, but we've been dragged in. You're not alone in this. Devil's part of it-his crew, our crew, we're all part of it."

Rounding the desk, he leaned against it, opening his arms for her. Without a second's hesitation, she went to his embrace like she always did. He inhaled her feminine scent, finding her softness relaxed him. With Eva in his arms, he could think clearly. She was his reason for getting shit done.

"I love you, baby."

"I don't doubt your love. I worry about you. There's only so much shit you can take. Don't take it all on board now." She stared up at him, stroking his chest. "You can come to me. I'm your woman, Tiny. This club is as much as mine as it is yours. My father will also help you." Her father would help Eva and his grandchildren, and Tiny was just part of the mix. Ned Walker put up with him because Eva loved him, no other reason.

He saw the fear in her eyes. They'd been together for three years, and they had been the best three years of his life. Tiny had been married before to Patricia. His first wife had died of cancer leaving him to raise his daughter all on his own. Though he'd loved Patricia in a way, he'd never been faithful to her. He'd f**ked sweet-butts as if they were going out of fashion. Most of his married life with Patricia had been filled with arguments, and he'd found solace in the arms of other women.

Three years with Eva and he'd not f**ked any other woman but her. He didn't even look at other women as they didn't appeal to him. The only woman he wanted was right in front of him. She gave him everything he needed in life and in the bedroom. Eva completed him.

"It's my club. This is my problem."

"Your club is filled with men you helped to be something. Nash is straight, and Lash is as protective of the club as he is of Angel. You've got men around you who want to help. This is not just your club anymore. It's so much more than that."

Cupping her cheek, he stared into her eyes. He was in his fifties getting older by the second, but the love in her eyes kept him going, kept him moving forward. The constant problems the club was facing were making him feel older. Life should be getting easier, not harder, yet in the past couple of years life had become just one more battle at a time.

"Use the guys, Tiny. They're here for a reason. They all wanted to be part of The Skulls."

"Gonzalez is not like any other enemy we've faced."

"Why not?" Eva asked. "He's a man with a dick and a heart. I'm with Devil on this one. He can be hurt like everyone else. There's no difference between him and the other men. He's in the same league as Alan, and we took him out. An enemy is an enemy, Tiny. See past the fear to the truth."

"Prue took Alan out. The club hasn't dealt with this kind of power before."

"Are you telling me that you can't take a man out? You're Tiny, president and leader of The Skulls. You can do whatever the hell you want. You've fought far worse than Gonzalez." She pressed a hand to his chest. "Don't let him win."

"Who have I fought, Eva? I've never had someone invade my f**king life, take my kids-"

"Snitch, The Darkness crew, The Lions, Kelsey's husband, they've all been your enemies, the club's enemies. Gonzalez is no different. He's no f**king superhero."

"He took our kids from us and threw us in jail, baby. I'm not going to risk it. I'm not going to risk you."

The slap to the face he wasn't expecting.

"Stop being a f**king coward," she said, yelling the words. Eva tore out of his grip. Anger shot his way, pouring out of her gaze as if it was a physical thing. "This f**ker needs to be hit back. Devil did the right thing. The whole of Chaos Bleeds are fighting. They've got exactly the same kind of shit to lose that we have," she said, throwing her hands in the air and cursing. "You're more worried about me and the kids. Stop being so damn blind and see what he's doing to the two clubs. He's tearing apart you and Devil. The only difference between you and Devil is he's actually hitting back."

"I know he's got the same shit to lose, but I can't let anything happen to you."

"And he can't with Lexie or his three kids, Tiny. You've both got the same to lose. You're no different from him, and he's no different from you." She stormed toward the door, refusing to look back. "You need to decide if you're going to stay and fight or if you're going to run away like a coward. I don't think either choice is an option that's going to be easy." She opened the door, and he watched her walk away from him.

Going back behind his desk, he dropped his head to the desk and let out a sigh. Shit was really starting to get serious. The last thing he was, was a coward. He wasn't running from Gonzalez because he was afraid. No, he was running because he had a hell of a lot more to lose.

"Things go bad?" Devil asked, opening the door. Glancing up, he saw Devil entering the room.

"You could say that. I don't know. I think I'm pissed off more than anything else." Sitting back in his chair, Tiny stared at his friend. "Why did you do it?"

"I'm not like you, Tiny. I can't sit on my ass waiting for shit to happen. I've been on the road longer than you have. It's not part of me to simply take shit lying down."

"You were going to."

"They killed Ashley, and I promised her my protection. She may have been a club whore, Tiny, but to a point she was family. Everyone loved her, and she never pissed off any of the old ladies. They all liked and respected her. Someone kills your person then it's time for us to take a stand and get rid of the bad blood going on. I've not got the head to sit around talking about what needs to happen and what doesn't. My boys needed blood, I needed f**king blood, and I gave it to them." Devil took a seat opposite him. "I'm sorry that I pissed you off."

"No, you're not."

"I am. Regardless of what you think, I really am sorry about what happened. I never intended to cause a problem. The shit that happened with Tate and Murphy, it shouldn't have happened. None of this should be happening, but it is," he said. "I just couldn't take the bastard's taunting. He knows what he's doing, and all he's doing is rubbing our faces in it every time he issues out a new order."

Tiny couldn't dispute what Devil said. Frederick Gonzalez knew a shit load more than any of them. "Fine, I accept whatever you're feeling. It still doesn't change the fact we need to get our shit together, and right now, it's not together."

Running fingers through his hair, Tiny stood up going toward the one counter the cops hadn't smashed up. He probably should look to getting some new furniture and the entire place cleaned completely up. This was the first time they'd been hit that he hadn't come home and put shit right. He took out a bottle of scotch and poured himself a healthy measure.

"You going to pour me a glass?" Devil asked.

Pulling out a second glass, he handed one to Devil. Leaning on the edge of his desk, Tiny looked toward the door where his woman disappeared through.

"I f**king hate this shit," he said.

"There's not a lot we can do. This shit is going to have to be done, whether we like it or not." Devil downed his liquor and made his way toward the door.

"What do you think's going to happen?" Tiny asked, curious to know Devil's opinion.

Devil paused at the door then glanced toward him. He shrugged. "I don't know, but I think you need to accept some men are going to die here."

"What do you mean?" Tiny asked.

"You don't go starting a fight with a man like this without expecting some casualties. I hope for all our sakes, there are none." Devil left the room.

Staring down at his scotch, Tiny cursed. He was supposed to be picking up Angel and Lash. With even one drink inside him he wasn't going to risk being snatched up by a passing cop.

Leaving the room he looked around the pitiful excuse for a club he owned. There was a time when the room would be a bustle of activity whereas now it was nothing more than a shell. Men and women would be having fun in different states of undress, simply having a good time. Looking around his club, he barely recognized it.

Eva was nowhere to be found. Moving toward Sophia, Tiny touched her elbow. "Where's my woman?"

"She went out the back to the park." Sophia offered him a smile, but he didn't respond. All of his boys had married good women, and that made the decision to take on Gonzalez even harder. There was so much more to lose than ever before. Leaving the clubhouse behind he rounded the front to find Eva sitting on a swing looking down at their two children playing. Miles and Tabitha were twins. He'd been cursed to have a boy and a girl at the same time. Tate had been a handful growing up, but at least he'd been younger. He hadn't known shit about raising a baby, but Tate had come out all right. Staring at Tabitha he didn't know what he was going to do in the years to come with her getting older and prettier. He just knew his girl was going to be the crusher of men's hearts. She pulled at his heart strings every chance she got. What was he going to do when the boys started sniffing around her? It was hard enough not to kill Murphy at every chance he got. Their son, Simon, was living f**king proof that Murphy was screwing his daughter. No, he wouldn't think about it.

"Are you done now?" Eva asked. She looked up at him through tear-filled eyes. He hated making his woman cry.

"Yeah, I'm done."

"Are you going to fight, or are you going to back down?"

"We're going to fight, but we're going to have to do this clever." He stood behind his woman, pushing the hair off the back of her neck. Tiny heard her sigh.

"I hate this, Tiny. I just want to go back to when things were simple and we only had a two bit ass**le to deal with."

He chuckled. "I know. Everything seemed easier back then, more certain." He leaned down, kissing her exposed neck.

She shuddered, leaning back against him. "I can't help but think this is going to be a disaster. There's no way someone comes away unscathed from whatever this ass**le has planned. I mean, Butch, he's lost that doctor who took care of him. Pussy and the crew lost Ashley. Who else are we going to lose?"

"Don't think about it like that?" Tiny said, banding an arm around her waist.

"How can I not think about it like that? People are dying. Girls are being sold like cattle. They're forced to f**k men for money, and I don't know if I can let it go on. We know it's going on, Tiny. We're helping it when we should be stopping it. I'd hate for Tabitha to be exposed to anything like this or any girl for that matter."

He tightened his grip on her shoulder. "There's not a lot we can do about it, baby. We got to stay alive."

Eva let out a sob, but he saw no tears fall down her face. "It's hard. I look at Tabitha, and I see that monster who could be in our lives when she grows up."

Tiny tensed at the image she filled his mind with. Between Eva and Devil, his mind had been filled with images he didn't want to have. He didn't need this shit. "You've got to stop thinking like that, baby. Nothing is going to happen. I promise. I will do everything in my power to keep you, the kids, and the club safe."

She glanced up at him and smiled. "You're a sweetheart, but you shouldn't make promises you can't keep." She tapped his hand, smiling. "You need a ride to get Lash and Angel?"

"How did you know?" he asked.

"I can smell your breath. I wouldn't risk it either." She tucked some hair behind her ear and stood. "Come on, let's leave these to Tate, and we can go together to get your boy."

****

Eva glanced toward Tiny, who was resting his head in his hand. The stress he was under was starting to scare her, and she regretted slapping his face earlier. She understood his fears. They were hers as well, but he had to see past it all. Gonzalez could do more than take the club away. If they weren't careful, he was going to take Tiny away. For the past few nights she'd been watching Tiny sleep seeing the worry even when he was dreaming. He'd not been the same since Butch had left and then come back, only Butch hadn't come back, not really. They all needed to take a vote before Tiny would allow Butch back into the fold.

"I can hear you thinking all the way over here," he said, turning to smile at her.

She chuckled. "I'm just thinking about Butch. Maybe after tonight he'll be voted back in and life can go back to some kind of normalcy. A club divided is dangerous, but a club that's whole is unstoppable."

"I'm hoping the same thing. At the moment we're counting on Gonzalez not knowing the truth about Butch. He believes we blackmailed him to get what we want. We're going to leave him believing that until the times right." Tiny let out a sigh, shuffling in his seat. "The hope is for us to get inside Gonzalez's head without him knowing. Whizz is handling the hacking and shit."

"Do you think that's a good idea? I mean, Butch dealing with this kind of stuff. It was his club that Gonzalez's father took out all those years ago. He didn't give away much of what happened, and we only know no one survived other than Butch." She turned down a street getting closer to the airport. The drive was well over an hour away. Eva usually hated driving, but with Gonzalez's involvement with The Skulls, she'd started doing it more and more. Not many of the cops pulled her over, but she'd been in the car when they did pull Tiny over. They made his life a misery just to get from one place to another. She never thought in all of her life that she'd be so afraid to live in Fort Wills.

She couldn't even go back to her dad or take the kids with her. Another of Gonzalez's requests was that no one leave the clubhouse and that they all stayed around. She talked to her dad over the phone, and he wired them all money. Tiny was going to pay him back, but Ned just wanted Gonzalez in the ground. Her own father wasn't allowed to pay them a visit from Vegas. Gonzalez held all the power while they were merely puppets for him to play with. Ned was angry at Tiny. She kept trying to talk to her father but he wasn't having her defend Tiny while they were talking. He didn't want to know anything about the club or Tiny, only about her and the kids. They were trapped because of the powers of one man.

Running her fingers through her hair, she stared out of the window.

"I don't think it's a good idea. I think anything that can take Gonzalez by surprise is a good idea, and using Butch just seems like the right thing to do."

"It could get him killed." No matter how much Tiny tried to play the tough guy, she knew it was always hard for him to deal with the death of a club member. She'd been with him for some of his club that had died. The ones that went before she arrived, though she hadn't been present, she knew they'd hit him hard.

"I know. It's the risk we're all having to take right now. None of us like it, but it's those risks that are going to determine if the club survives."

"I hope you know what you're doing," she said, pulling into the airport.

Lash, Angel, and their little boy, Anthony, were nowhere to be seen. She pulled up into the parking bay that let her stay for a few minutes to wait. Tapping the wheel, she watched the double doors hoping to see them.

"Maybe you should go in and see if they're there," Eva said. She hated the fact they'd cut the couple's vacation short. If anyone needed a vacation it was Lash and Angel. The young woman had been through so much in the time since she'd been an old lady to Lash. She never complained as far as Eva was aware, and she cared about everyone.

"Okay." Tiny removed his belt and was starting to get out of the car when Lash and Angel appeared. Lash carried the bags while Angel held their son in her arms. The couple was a dream to watch. Even now, Lash couldn't take his eyes off his woman. Her blonde hair blew from the light breeze, and her smile lit up her entire face. Finding herself overcome with tears, Eva climbed out of the car and rounded the vehicle to embrace the younger woman. She adored Angel, and knowing the other woman was safe made her feel happier. Eva wished she was bringing the couple back into a much happier situation rather than the chaos she was.

"Hey, Eva, did you miss us?" Angel asked, chuckling. Angel hugged her back, tightly.

"Yeah, I missed you. I'm so sorry to cut your vacation short."

Angel shrugged. "Don't worry about it. I know you didn't do it on purpose." She pulled away as Anthony started to giggle and moan. "I think this guy doesn't like being crushed between two women."

"I don't know. When he's older he won't complain," Lash said, teasing.

Rolling her eyes, Eva took hold of Angel's hand and led her back toward the car. "You're going to have to tell me everything of what went on. I want to hear every second of your vacation time."

"It was fun," Angel said, securing Anthony in the car seat. Climbing behind the wheel, Eva started up the car.

"Why are you driving?" Lash asked, climbing in beside Anthony.

Glancing toward Tiny, she nodded her head. "You may as well bring him up to speed."

Pulling away from the curb, she exited the airport then started the long journey home. She listened to Tiny tell Lash and Angel about everything that had happened. Between Butch and Nash, Lash had been updated about some things, but Tiny had asked for them to wait to tell the other man everything. Some of the stuff needed to be talked about face to face. This way Tiny got to tell Lash about everything Devil had caused.

"Butch still not part of the club?" Lash asked.

"We're going to take a vote on it tonight. I refused to vote until you got home. It's a club decision."

"Why? You're the president. Your vote counts more than anyone else's."

Tiny shook his head. "Not to me it doesn't. I want everyone to vote on this matter no matter what they think or feel."

Eva watched him out of the corner of her eye. He looked stressed, angry, and tired. Fears started to build inside her once again. Tiny could easily have a heart attack if he wasn't careful. She didn't know what she'd do if anything happened to him. He was the love of her life, the reason for her staying in Fort Wills. They had two beautiful children together. Tiny, without even realizing it, gave her a reason to breathe. She didn't want a life without him in it.

"You need to take it easy," she said, reaching out to tap his hand.

"I will, baby. You need to stop stressing. What will be, will be." He held her hand as he turned to look behind him. Every now and then she checked out the rearview mirror to see the worry on Angel's face. "We all took a vote for Nash."

"Nash was high on coke. We didn't have much choice but to all vote. Drugs was serious, so even I wanted him to be voted back in with the club's vote."

"The same goes for Butch. He walked away. We need to know where his loyalty lies. We're all going to take a vote, and that includes you." Tiny turned back to the front.

"We go away on vacation and come back to a mess," Angel said.

"Don't, baby. This is club mess. When it's all sorted, we'll be heading back to Italy. I promised you an extended vacation, and we're going to get it." Lash placed his arm across the back of the seat to touch her hair.

Eva saw it in the mirror. Angel gave him one of her dazzling smiles.

"It would be easier for all of us if you taught me how to defend myself," she said.

Lash let out a sigh. "I told you, I'm not going to teach you what you don't need to know. I'll protect you, always."

"You're not going to be with me all the time, Lash. I need to learn to defend myself and to defend our son."

"Not discussing this, Angel. You don't need it, end of story." He cupped the back of her head, turning her to look at him. "This f**ker is going down. You don't need to worry about shit. Tiny's getting more prospects, and we'll be good."

Angel sighed but didn't argue further.

Keeping her gaze on the road, Eva tried to ignore the sudden silence in the car. Tiny was looking out of his side window, Lash kept looking at Angel, and Angel was staring out of the window. The tension mounted, making driving very uncomfortable.

"When's Gash getting out?" Lash asked.

"We're picking him up in three days," Tiny said.

"I want to be there when he gets out."

"Why?"

"We were good friends, and since I've been with Angel I've not gone and visited him. I want to mend fences before he comes home." Lash sounded hurt.

"Fine, you, Nash, and Steven are going to get him out," Tiny said.

"Good. How's Whizz doing?"

Eva winced at the other brother's name.

"He's dealing in his own way."

"Last I heard he was f**king built, heavy weightlifting and the shit."

Over a year ago Whizz had been captured by one of Zero's old enemies from the past. Alan had captured Whizz and proceeded to torture and rape the other brother. Since then, Whizz hadn't been the same. In fact, the man was a shell of his former self, and every time Eva saw him, he broke her heart. She couldn't help him get rid of the demons that plagued him. Instead of curing him, she held him through the night when he came to stay at their house. She was surprised Tiny hadn't caused any waves about having Whizz in their bed. It was nothing sexual and everything to do about comforting one of their own. She wasn't attracted to Whizz. Eva hadn't been attracted to another man since Tiny entered her life.

"I spoke to Kelsey while I was away. She said he'd shared their bed for some time. Nothing to do with sex or anything but to help him keep the nightmares away." Angel pushed some hair back as she spoke.

"Yeah, Whizz has done the bed rounds so far. He's not asking for anything. The nightmares come and go. He tries to deal with shit in his own way. It doesn't always work," Tiny said.

Eva couldn't think of anything to add and stayed quiet.

Whizz did try. He didn't reach for the bottle or drown himself in girls. Unlike some men, Whizz kept to himself. Eva didn't know if his method of coping actually worked. He didn't let anyone else inside.

The only thing he did was work on the computers and work out. The carefree man he'd once been was long gone.

It was a hard life but one Eva wasn't going to interfere with. Whatever helped Whizz live day to day, she was all for. She didn't want to see him go off the deep end and do something they'd all regret.

Silence filled the car once again. Blocking everything out, Eva tried to take pleasure in simply driving her car. Nothing could happen while she was locked within the four metal walls of her car. To a point, she was safe here for no one to get her, but no matter how much she tried to think positively about driving the car, she still hated every second of it.

The drive went by quickly, and before she knew it she was pulling into the compound. The main door opened, and members from The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds filtered out. Devil and Lexie were standing wrapped around each other, smiling.

"I guess people are glad for us to be home," Lash said.

"It certainly seems that way," Eva said, smiling. She parked the car and watched as the crowd pulled Lash, Angel, and Anthony in for a group hug. Wrapping her arms around her body, Eva moved around the crowd to go into the clubhouse. She found Prue taking care of Miles and Tabitha. "Are you okay with them?" Eva asked.

"Sure. They're darlings. Go and have a bath. I'm sure you can need it with everything that's going on."

"Thanks, honey." Eva turned away going toward the stairs. Taking the stairs one at a time, she ran fingers through her hair as she climbed to the top floor. This floor was Tiny's floor. She'd redecorated the place over a year ago to more of her liking. When Tiny stayed here on his own, he'd settled on black walls and a white ceiling. Now the space was light, airy, and perfect for her to stay inside.

Closing the door behind her, she started to remove some of the jewelry he'd given her over the years. Placing them in a drawer, she caught sight of her reflection. She looked tired and worn.

Wearing makeup had never appealed to her, and she didn't bother with cosmetic products now. Moving in close she inspected her eyes and her lips. There weren't any signs of wrinkles on her face yet. What would Tiny think of her when she was older? Would she be fighting with the next generation to get her man to stick beside her?

She wasn't under any illusions about her man. Tiny had cheated on his first wife repeatedly. Alex, his former brother-in-law, assured her that Tiny hadn't strayed. She believed him.

When they hadn't been dating, she'd seen the difference in Tiny when he slept with a sweet-butt and when he did not. The guilt was easy to see on his face.

"You're not old," she said, glaring at her reflection. She didn't know why these insecurities were coming back to her. Eva wasn't the oldest old lady within the club. Rose was, Hardy's woman.

Shaking her head, she walked toward the bathroom. Putting the plug into the bath, she turned the hot water on and started to fill the tub. Striping her clothes off, she let out a sigh.

"You know, I'll never get tired of seeing you naked," Tiny said.

Spinning around, she saw her man leaning up against the doorframe.

"I thought you'd be celebrating with the others. You've got a meeting and a vote to do tonight."

She didn't cover her body from his gaze. The moment she did, he'd start to ask why, and she wasn't ready to talk to him yet.

"Angel and Lash have a lot of people greeting them. I'm not needed downstairs. I'm needed here, with you. I want to know what's going on in that head of yours. Something is clearly bothering you." He tugged his shirt over his head, revealing well defined abs covered in ink. Licking her lips, she averted her gaze in order to keep herself sane while she was around him. Whenever Tiny got naked, she struggled to make sense of any of her thoughts. "Tell me what's going on."

He took a step into the room, tugging on her hands. She stumbled against him, and any thought she was having, disappeared at the feel of him.

"Come on, baby. Talk to me. You're my woman, my wife, my old lady. You don't need to keep this shit from me." He placed a finger underneath her chin, forcing her to look at him. "Tell me what's going on in that head of yours."

Biting her lip, she stared into his eyes. "I'm scared, Tiny."

"Of what?"

"The club, Gonzalez, you. I can't stop being scared, and pretending I'm not scared is harder than anything else." She pulled out of his arms and turned to stop the water running into the bath.

"That's not all, is it?" he asked.

She shook her head.

"Then tell me everything that's going on in that crazy brain of yours." His hands went to her hips, tugging her back against him. She felt the roughness of his denim rubbing against her ass. Closing her eyes, she wanted to give herself to him, but her fear held her back. Most of the time she relented and gave in to the passion he stirred within her. Tiny had been different with Gonzalez. She sensed the worry within him as well. When Tate ended up in a coma because of his decision, it had almost broken him. Tiny didn't want to make the wrong decision and cost someone his life.

"Just stupid shit, Tiny. You don't need to worry about anything."

"When it comes to you, I worry." He muttered the words against her head. "Tell me. I can help you."

Letting out a sigh, she turned in his arms.

"I was thinking about what happens when I get older." She chanced a look up at him.

He chuckled. "You're worried about getting old?"

"Yeah, you don't exactly have a great track record with being faithful to other women."

She made to turn away, but he caught hold of her chin and forced her to look at him.

"I'll have you know I've been completely faithful to you. I refuse to look at another f**king woman." His arm banded around her back, cupping her ass. Tiny squeezed the flesh, moaning as he did. "This is the ass I want to squeeze, and f**k. You, Eva, you're the woman I want in my bed, the only woman I want in my life. I don't care how old you get. You're mine, and I'll never f**king stray from you." He leaned down, slamming his lips against hers. She melted against him, never wanting to let him go.

Whimpering, she wrapped her arms around his neck, loving the feel of his tongue as he slid it across her lips. Opening up to his invasive tongue, she met him halfway, and the taste of him exploded on her tongue.

Tiny pulled away from her first. He stared down into her eyes, and she felt open to his gaze.

"I think it's time I showed you who owns this body." In quick moves he had her pressed up against the sink, away from the bath. In the mirror she watched him looking down and heard the sound of his belt loosening. The sound of his zipper opening echoed off all the walls.

Heat built between her thighs, making it impossible for her to think.

"I don't give a f**k what Gonzalez has planned. He can go and f**k himself, Eva. The only woman I want, the only woman I'll ever f**king want, is you." His hands touched her h*ps then cupped the cheeks of her ass.

She felt him spread her ass open, and then the tip of his c**k was pressed to her entrance.

"I wish I had some lube on me. I'd f**k your ass as well to prove to you how much you f**king own me." In the next instant he slammed deep inside her, taking her by surprise.

Crying out, she gripped the edge of the sink, holding on as he went to the hilt, refusing to back down. One of his hands gripped her hip as the other went to her neck. He lifted her head up so she had no choice but to look in the mirror.

"Look at yourself, baby. Look what I've got to call my own." He pulled out of her only to ram back inside. Gasping, Eva loved the way he filled her. His thick prick stroked along the walls of her pu**y, showing her how hard he was.

Staring at her man, she saw the raw desire shining back at her. He stared at her with love and lust.

"I'm f**king old, Eva. You could have any man you f**king wanted, and yet, you're with me." Again, he pulled out of her and swiveled his h*ps to plunge back within her. Screaming out, she closed her eyes at the intense pleasure his rough f**king was creating. "No, you f**king look at me."

She had no choice but to open her eyes as he refused to move until she did. Looking at him, she waited for him to move. Tiny didn't keep her waiting long. Over and over, he thrust deep inside her, going to the hilt then back again. He drove her to the edge of orgasm but wouldn't let her go over the edge.

"Please, Tiny."

"No, you don't get to come until I know you understand who's getting the better f**king bargain." He slapped her ass and held her neck tightly. There was nowhere else for her to go. Tiny was the one in control. His c**k f**ked her, getting her wet with each thrust.

Begging him to f**k her, she tried to push back against him. He wouldn't let her move. With the hand on her neck and on her hip, he was the stronger one.

"Please," she said, begging.

"No, look at yourself, Eva. You're a f**king beauty. You're young, sexy, and could have any man begging for your attention." He f**ked her in three hard thrusts.

Crying out, she tightened her hold on the sink, hoping he made his point soon. She didn't know how much more torture she could take with him f**king her.

"I will never cheat on you. I know what I've got is f**king heaven. Anyone who cheats on their woman is a f**king coward. I'm not a coward, Eva. I'm your man, and I love you with all my heart."

"I love you, Tiny."

"Then tell me you believe me and f**king trust me."

"I believe you, and I trust you." He'd never give her any reason to doubt him.

He leaned over her. His lips brushed her ear. "I'm never going to give you a moment to doubt me. I'm yours, Eva. You own me and this f**king cock." Tiny sucked on her earlobe as the hand holding her hip moved down to brush her pu**y.

Gasping, she opened her thighs wide. His fingers touched her clit, stroking the bud.

"Now, come for me."

She had no choice but to do as he told her, splintering apart within his arms as her orgasm took her unawares. Tiny held her close as his c**k jerked inside her, spurting his cum within her.

"I need you to know and trust that I love you, Eva. Always and forever, no matter what f**king happens. I own you as much as you own me."

Eva nodded, holding onto him as she came down from her orgasm. She didn't need anything else in that moment other than to have his arms wrapped around her, holding her close.

****

Whizz stared at the computer screen while also taking a swig out of the bottle. He looked among the multiple screens trying to find a connection between all of the people. So far he'd gotten in touch with three men who claimed to owe a favor to Gonzalez. They'd been called in to deal with Ned and some of his fighters. The men were in Vegas waiting for Gonzalez's signal.

He struck a deal with all three, and the men were no longer answering to Gonzalez. They talked to the other man, at Whizz's request, but they were no longer taking orders. Three men were better than none. Turning the cap on the water, he placed the bottle on the floor. He always got his own bottled water. Ever since Alan had taken him, he'd not been able to have anyone serve him. Alan had drugged his drinks, and when he woke up the pain had been even worse.

Gritting his teeth, he forced the memories back. Alan was dead, killed by Prue, and wouldn't be coming back to hurt him. He needed to remember that.

He's taken so much.

Blowing out another breath, he forced himself to take several deep breaths, focusing on the computer screen in front of him. He couldn't afford to lose focus.

Alan was dead.

He wasn't coming back ... ever.

Breathe in.

Breathe out.

The memories started to fade, and he started typing away, looking for all connections. Three men were now waiting for his call and were feeding him information on what Gonzalez's next move was. The easiest way to take out their latest enemy was to start from the outside to work his way in. Gonzalez was the main point, but he had a circumference of men taking orders. The Skulls took over the men, they got what they wanted.

Someone knocked on his door, and he called for them to come in. Nash appeared carrying packaged food in his hands. "Sophia made you something. I swear, I watched her do everything. You don't need to worry about anything."

Moving away from the computer, Whizz took the food and sat on the edge of the food.

"So, how's it going?"

"Fine. I think. I'll be ready to come and kick Butch's ass." Whizz took a bite out of the sandwich. The spicy taste exploded on his tongue, and he moaned.

"Sophia's worried about you."

"All of you need to stop worrying about me. I'm fine," Whizz said. He knew the club worried, but he'd not turned to anything drastic. Working out and his computer kept him occupied.

"When was the last time you had a woman?"

"Seriously, Sophia wants to know the last time I f**ked?" He lowered his sandwich and watched the other man squirm.

"She's not interested in your sex life. She's just worried about you."

"Tell her to stop." He'd not been with a woman because he didn't want anyone. The sweet-butts no longer held any appeal to him. They meant nothing to him. After everything that happened, he wanted that to mean something. He was losing his mind. Since when did he want anything to mean something? Shit. He finished the sandwich and threw the papers into the trash. "I appreciate her concern and yours. When I'm ready to start f**king I will. I'm just not ready."

Nash nodded. "Sorry, man. I worry as well."

"I get it, but stop. I'm fine." He watched the other man leave the room before going over to his computer. Whizz sniffed up as his chest started to ache. Alan may be dead and gone, but the wounds he'd caused were still very much open. The truth of it was, Whizz didn't know who to trust with his life or how to pull out of his fear of being with a woman. He just couldn't do it.

Chapter Two

Running a hand over his face, Tiny stared around the warehouse room. The Chaos Bleeds crew was back at the clubhouse taking care of their women while The Skulls took a vote. They all wanted Butch back, but he had to go through the test they all had to prove themselves, a fight between Butch and all of The Skulls. He watched as Zero went for Butch, raising his fists as he tried to get a hit against the face or lower. Sitting on the chair, Tiny watched his men all waiting to take their turns. This was one of the elements of voting in the men. There was no point in having men who couldn't protect you in a fight. If you couldn't protect the club there was no point you being inside.

This was how Nash had gotten back into the club after his spiral into drink and drugs and also the same way some of the prospects had been voted in. Other members got in by proving their skill in a certain area.

"Are you okay?" Murphy asked, taking a seat beside him.

Lash was standing at the edge of the fighting with his cell phone in his hand. They'd been gone from the club an hour, and already the man was missing his woman. Lash hated being away from his woman, especially when they were in danger, which seemed to be all the time.

"I will be when we get this shit sorted out."

"You can't blame yourself for what happened. No one can expect Gonzalez to do what he did." Murphy leaned on his knees looking out at the crowd. His knuckles were bloody from the hits he'd already given.

"How's Tate and her pregnancy going?" Tiny asked. It had been a few days since he'd talked with his daughter. She was pregnant with her second child. He was going to be a granddad again. Tiny liked being a father more than he liked being a granddad. In the last few months he couldn't help but feel old. Eva was worried about him straying when she got older. He was f**king worried she'd see past all the shit and leave him. Tiny wouldn't dream of giving her a reason to cut and run. He was with her for the rest of his life.

"She's doing okay. This kid is not settling well at the moment. Tate doesn't think it has anything to do with the kid and more to do with what's going on." Murphy shrugged. "I don't know what's going on. I just know that I'm taking care of my wife when I can. She's hard-headed at times, but I'll keep her safe."

"I'll talk to her. See if there's anything I can do to help."

"Not a lot you can do. You can't take Gonzalez away or the stress." Murphy turned toward him. "I just want you to know that whatever you decide, I'm with you."

"What do you mean?" Tiny asked, folding his arms over his chest.

"I mean, whatever you decide. You want to go to war and end this f**ker, I'm with you."

"What about Tate and the club?"

Murphy blew out a breath. "Not much of a club with Gonzalez in charge. I'd rather die freeing my woman and kids than die doing something stupid for a f**ker I don't respect. I respect you, Tiny. I was willing to die for you and the club. I'm not willing to die for Gonzalez or have my family bowing down to him."

Nodding his head, Tiny shook the man's hand. "I appreciate that."

"Good." Murphy stood and walked away.

"We all think the same," Whizz said.

Jerking around, Tiny saw Whizz standing behind him. Considering the guy was tall with muscles larger than any action star, Tiny wondered how he could get around without anyone hearing.

"Fuck, Whizz, don't walk up on people without letting them know you're there."

"Never got chance to do it with you. You're distracted, boss, and that's not good." Unlike Murphy, Whizz didn't even try to take a seat. "I've always been able to sneak up on people. You got to get your head in the game before something bad happens."

"It doesn't matter if I've got my head on the ball or not, shit happens regardless of it."

Zero took his time out, and then Killer was on Butch. No one got a chance to take out Killer. He was hard as f**k.

"I know, boss. What Devil did was worth it. He's not taken this shit without fighting back. I think it's time we start fighting back," Whizz said.

Looking back, Tiny was in time to see him walking away.

"He barely speaks anymore," Lash said, taking a seat.

"No, he doesn't."

"I see the change inside him. He said hello to me and Angel, but he wouldn't shake my hand. Angel didn't give him a chance to push her away. She wrapped her arms around him, and Whizz had no choice but to accept the hug. Everyone has to accept Angel. She's too f**king sweet to push away." Lash chuckled. "Butch is holding his own."

"So far I've had two men come and tell me that I should start a fight. Are you of the same mind?" Tiny asked.

"I'm not of a mind to start a war, but Gonzalez hasn't given us a chance. We've got few choices. We can either start a war, or we can take what he's dishing out. I don't want to end up in prison. We've got a bunch of girls to transport, and if Devil's telling the truth, I don't want to take a bunch of underage girls to a place where they f**k for a living." Lash shook his head. "It's not fair to let that happen. We can't let it happen, Tiny. I wouldn't be able to look at Angel knowing what I'd done, and I love looking at my woman."

"I know. There's not much choice to do anything else at the moment. He's got the upper hand."

"No, he hasn't. You've got the upper hand. There are men out there who hate Gonzalez. Get them to fight with us. We can take Gonzalez down. Put Whizz to work, and we've also got Michael, Kelsey's ex. He's working with the Feds. We can get them in on it, too. Before we know what's happening, we're ahead and Gonzalez is trying to catch up. Don't start to make this guy more than he is. He's one guy with a lot of f**king favors. Start to take those favors away from him and he's left with nothing."

Thinking about what Lash said, Tiny sat back in his seat. The idea of a war upset him. He was too old and too long in the tooth to look forward to a war. Growing up in Fort Wills with Snitch and the Darkness as leaders had taken any pleasure out of possibly going to war. He'd gone through years of fighting for his life and drawing Fort Wills out of the battle. The town relied on him to make everything right. Gonzalez would bring girls, drugs, guns, and other shit to his town. Fort Wills would cease to be the town he'd helped create. He thought of all the men, women, and children who lived in the town. They all counted on him. No, he couldn't allow Gonzalez to ruin his perfectly ordered town.

"I'm not asking you to react but to think about what you've got to do." Lash nodded at Butch. "You've got him. Use him as well. We've got ways of making this work for us."

Tiny was tempted to bring Lash back in on the plan Alex had already set in motion. Instead he kept his lips sealed. The fewer people who knew the truth the better.

"I'll think about it."

The fight in the center of the room came to a stop as Killer landed one final blow. Butch went to the floor, coughing. He laughed and slowly got to his feet. "Is that all you've got?" Butch asked, wiping the blood from his face.

He was in worse shape than Nash had been.

"I think it's time to take a vote," Lash said. "He's holding his own, and we don't want him in the hospital because of internal bleeding. Butch has proven himself."

Getting to his feet, Tiny stood beside a wary Butch. "It's time for us to take a final vote. You got anything to say to help your cause?"

Butch nodded. "I know I f**ked up. I left the club when I shouldn't. I f**king regret it. I love Cheryl, and I swear she's been trying to get me back to The Skulls for a long f**king time." Butch swayed on his feet, and Tiny put a hand on the man's shoulder to keep him on his feet. The men had got him good, making him pay for what he'd done a few months ago. "Thanks. I want to take this f**ker out as your brother. I will have your back every step of the way, and I will lay my life down for all of you. The club is still inside me."

"You going to leave again?" Zero asked.

"No, I'm not. I'm sticking around. You're not going to get rid of me that easily."

"Are you done?" Tiny asked.

"Yeah, I'm done."

"This vote has to be unanimous. I'm not in the mood to hear maybes or shit. All of those in favor of Butch becoming a Skull raise your hand." Tiny kept his hand by his side and watched his men. He wasn't going to influence their decision. One by one the men started to raise their hands in the air. Every decision had to be made by members of the club.

When everyone had taken their vote and he saw they were happy to bring Butch back into the fold, Tiny put his hand in the air.

"Congratulations, Butch, you're part of the club again." He slapped the man on the back, took the leather jacket from Alex, and handed it to Butch. "Wear it with pride."

"I will."

Alex nodded toward Tiny to follow him. Shaking Butch's hand, and pulling him in for a man hug, Tiny congratulated him then took off after Alex.

Closing the door behind him, he faced his friend.

"What's going on?"

"Butch told me he got into Gonzalez's fold and gave his location tonight."

Tiny started to doubt his plan. This was taking the devotion of the club too far. "Tell me it all."

"Gonzalez doesn't know tonight was a vote to bring Butch back in. He believes tonight is a celebration of Butch coming back. He also believes that Butch despises us. We're in right now."

"How does this help us?" Tiny asked. "I don't see any use of putting Butch through this."

"He believes Butch's story and has accepted him as part of the team. Since Gonzalez lost Homer to Pussy, he's been a man down. Butch is taking Homer's place on the team, and we've got to feed him information. Not only that, Butch can get the names of the people who are on Gonzalez's payroll. The moment we know those men, we start taking them out. This is a good thing." Alex folded his arms.

Tiny caught sight of the name "Matthew" inked on Alex's arm.

"You got your son inked on your skin?" Tiny asked.

"Yeah, I got a piece of him with me at all times. He's my son, Tiny. I got this from you."

Smirking, Tiny slapped his friend on the back. "There's nothing better than having kids, is there?"

"I don't know. I think about Matthew all the time. I worry about him. I'm just pleased Cheryl's not being a bitch about it and lets me see him whenever I want." Alex looked down at his ink and smiled. "I can't complain."

"How's Butch taking everything?" Tiny asked.

"Better than expected really. He's doing what he needs to do for us. What do you want me to feed him next?"

Sliding his finger over his lip Tiny wondered what he could say next.

"Nothing. Tell him nothing. We're going to continue on as normal."

"Tiny, we've got to do something. We can't just miss this opportunity."

"No, we don't. Think about it from Gonzalez's point of view. Butch starts feeding shit loads of information then we're going to be in trouble. We've got the repairs of the club to fix. Life as we know it has to continue. Gonzalez is not in Fort Wills. Celebrations, marriages, and fun need to come as well as Gash's release. All of this is going to happen. We start feeding too much information, Gonzalez will doubt everything. We can't afford for him to doubt us. Get Butch to start picking information from Gonzalez. He's part of the team, and we need to start picking them out."

"I hope you know what you're doing, Tiny. This is going to be dangerous for all of us."

"Can you deny what I'm saying?" Tiny asked.

"No, I can't." Alex locked his fingers together behind his head. "Shit better get easier when Gonzalez is dead."

"I hope so. I'm sick of all of this shit." Tiny opened the door. "We better join the celebrations."

Walking into the main gym he saw Butch taking a long drink, laughing and cheering with his brothers.

You're going to get him killed.

Guilt swamped him, and he forced the pain aside. He was doing everything in his power to protect his woman and the club. Thinking about his woman brought the memory of the feel of her cunt wrapped around his cock. The very thought of touching another woman sickened him.

In the past he'd f**ked around on Patricia. His first wife hadn't satisfied all of his cravings whereas Eva kept him on his toes at all times. He never doubted himself with Eva whereas Patricia made him feel like a monster at times. Eva embraced every part of him. She stood by his side, and he knew he wasn't ever going to stray from her side.

"Let's take this back to the club," Tiny said, heading toward the main door.

He heard Alex rounding up the men as he left the warehouse. Staring up at the night sky he wondered what he was going to do when Gash got home. The brother had been put away for rape and murder, and when he got out, Tiny knew he'd be gunning for the woman who'd succeeded in taking his freedom away from him.

Piling into the car he kept to himself as Lash drove them back to the clubhouse. By the time they got there, Tiny had a headache. The boys were all voicing their happiness at having Butch back into the fold. Smiling and cheering along with the rest of the club when he needed to he cut away from the crowd and walked upstairs, leaving the party to the others. He found his woman in bed with the light on. She wore his shirt and had a sexy pair of glasses pushed up her nose reading a book. Eva took his breath away. This was what he was fighting for.

"Hey, baby," she said.

Tearing his clothes off, he climbed in beside her.

"What's going on?" she asked.

"Butch got voted back into the club."

"That's great, right?" She put her book down and turned toward him. His c**k thickened at the sight of her with those sexy as shit glasses.

"Yeah, it's great. He got in with Gonzalez."

She tensed at the news. "Are you sure?"

"I spoke with Alex. He's waiting for more information to be fed. For now we're going to wait on what Butch finds out." He told her the truth about what Gonzalez expected tonight to be.

"I don't know why you don't tell Butch the truth. You've got him believing that only Alex knows about him being on Gonzalez's team. Butch has got to feed information about us while also gaining information for us. He doesn't even know that you know the truth, Tiny. He must be hurting inside thinking he's ruining your trust. I know I would. Are you sure about this?"

Taking hold of her hand, he spread his fingers wide and locked their hand together. "Too many people know the same shit and we can get caught. I don't need Butch thinking about me on the job or anyone else. The only person who needs to know the truth is Alex. We've got to do this. I've thought about this long and hard."

"You probably shouldn't have told me."

"I trust you, Eva. You're my woman, and I won't keep anything from you, but you can't tell Butch. Trust me. I know what I'm doing."

She tucked some hair behind her ear. The pillow behind them propped them up. "I trust you. I'm just scared of something bad happening. I'd hate for anything to happen to any of you. What are you going to tell Gash when he gets out?"

"I don't know. I'm going to see how he is when I see him. Prison changes men. He didn't deserve to be put away. I'm not going to draw him out if I don't have to."

"I really hope you know what you're doing, Tiny. I'd hate for something to happen to you because you didn't think all this through. If something happens to Butch or anyone else, you're going to blame yourself, and that I can't handle." She leaned down to kiss his hands.

"Nothing is going to happen." He wrapped his fingers in her hair, loving the silky feel of the strands. Tugging her head up, he took her lips, sliding his tongue inside her mouth. She moaned, opening her lips seconds later and giving him what he wanted.

"Fuck, baby, I love you."

"Then don't forget what you're working toward. Gonzalez is dangerous. I need you to consider that when you're dealing with him."

"I will, baby. Now, shut up and give me those lips."

She chuckled, going up his body and giving him everything he wanted. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he pulled her over his body to straddle his waist. Fuck, she was so perfect. He couldn't believe she ever doubted his feelings.

If anything, Tiny was more afraid of her leaving him. Ned could give her and the twins everything, taking her away from him. Tiny didn't really have a true hold on Eva, and that scared him more than anything.

****

Tucking his head away in his hoodie, Butch kept his head down trying not to be noticed. The last thing he needed was for anyone to notice him. Shit was going down, and he was stuck in the middle. He should tell Alex, but he couldn't. Something held him back-the past or what, he didn't know. He only knew that every chance he tried to tell Alex what was happening, he froze. Having both crews in one place was harder than he ever imagined. Not only having Devil and the others at the clubhouse but knowing Danny and the Savage Brothers were around somewhere put him on edge. Gonzalez was not in Fort Wills and was back in Piston County where he was continuing his campaign of crime. He was organizing another shipment of girls, but this had nothing to do with Devil or Tiny. The girls were to be put to Vegas to work on the strip. Gonzalez made sure he was on the call while he was organizing it. He was part of the crew even though he wasn't in Piston County. At first, Gonzalez wanted him to go to Piston County, but Butch had to convince him that if he left Fort Wills, the club would know something was up. Gonzalez didn't argue with him.

This visit in the night had nothing to do with Gonzalez or his business. This was about the secret that even Alex didn't know about.

Knocking on the door Butch waited to be let inside. Danny opened the door, squinting into the dark.

"Come on in."

Without saying a word, he went over the threshold, removing his hood.

"What's with the jacket?" Danny asked, inhaling on his cigarette.

"I can't have anyone noticing me. If someone starts to ask questions, I can't explain shit." He glanced around him seeing the rundown place the Savage Brothers were staying.

"I guess it's time for you to come on through," Danny said.

Following the other man Butch entered a large room. The scent of booze and smoke filled the air. He saw three people sitting around drinking and talking. When they looked toward him they stopped talking to glare.

Danny motioned around the room at the three men and reeled off their names, Ben, Rick, and John.

"Come on, Dalton and Lacey want to say hi."

Moving toward the kitchen Butch saw a large man drying a dish and a small rounded woman standing at the counter washing them. "Guys, this is Butch," Danny said, introducing them. "I don't need to tell you which one is Dalton and which one is Lacey."

Nodding, Butch looked at both of them. He didn't remember either of them. Danny was different; he remembered Danny as his friend.

"How are you doing?" Butch asked.

"We'll be better when we get to kill the bastard for hurting us," Dalton said. Lacey just went pale and turned back to the dishes. She rarely spoke to him. Butch knew she'd been hurt hard by Gonzalez's father over twenty years ago. He couldn't blame her for not talking when it came to him.

"Gonzalez didn't kill our men. It was his father," Butch said.

He noticed Lacey was shaking as he spoke.

"I don't give a f**k. It's still a Gonzalez, and from what I hear, the son's worse than the f**king father. We're doing the world a f**king favor." Dalton reached out to touch Lacey's shoulder. "It's okay, baby. Nothing is going to happen to you."

"Why did you bring him here?" she asked. Her voice was small, delicate.

"I thought you wanted to see him." Danny spoke up.

She shook her head. "I don't need to see anyone. I don't want to talk to him." She pulled away. "I can't do this. I've got to go."

He watched her leave. Seconds later a door slammed upstairs.

"I'm sorry. I thought you said some of you wanted to see me," Butch said, hating the reaction he was getting. There was a time when he was much a part of the Savage brothers as any of these people. Gonzalez had taken it all away years ago. He wasn't a Savage Brother anymore. He was a Skull and would always be a Skull. Knowing he was betraying the club by being here without them knowing filled Butch with regret.

"They did want to see you. I guess they changed their minds." Danny tugged him out of the room, but Dalton stopped them.

"Lacey, she had it bad when they all hit. They raped her and left her for dead. She was young and had to deal with it."

"They raped and killed my sister. I saw what they did to my sister, mother, and father. I don't know what she's dealing with. I was shot in the gut and almost died. I didn't get out of shit just because of my father," he said. Butch didn't know why he was explaining himself, only that he needed for them to know he didn't get out of anything. Gonzalez had ruined his life as much as everyone else's. The only difference was the fact he got sent far away from the rest of the survivors. He didn't know why, but he had. Growing up away from them, he'd found his way to The Skulls.

"Sorry to hear that," Dalton said. "She'll come around. Lacey, she doesn't always like what needs to happen to fix shit. We're going to get our revenge if she likes it or not."

"Have you got anything to tell us?" Danny asked, changing the subject.

He hated this. Giving them information behind The Skulls' back was an act of betrayal. Chaos Bleeds and his own crew wanted to take Gonzalez out. "Are you sure you don't want to come to The Skulls? They'll work with you. We all want this f**ker dead. You wouldn't be alone in all of this."

"No, this is between the Savage Brothers and Gonzalez. You can help us or get out of the way. We don't really care. We're going to kill Gonzalez either way."

Butch dropped his hands. "Fine. Gonzalez is currently in Piston County organizing girls to transport. I don't know the date or when. He's not leaving any time soon."

"Will he turn up for your wedding?" Danny asked.

Tensing, Butch looked at the two men facing him. They were hurting inside. He saw it easily, and he recognized the pain. They hadn't recovered from what happened all those years ago. They weren't going to let it go no matter what.

"I don't know."

Were they going to cause problems for them? Butch didn't know. He didn't know anything right now about these men.

"Let us know when Gonzalez is in town. We want to take him out, and you owe us. Your father would agree that it's down to us to take out the bastard," Danny said.

"It doesn't have to be this way. The Skulls are a fantastic club, and Tiny's a brilliant president-"

Butch was cut off by Dalton's laugh.

"You're insane if you think we're going to trust another club. The only thing we want from you is Gonzalez. You give us him, and we're all even." Dalton turned to the other man. "I'm going to go and check on Lacey. Get this f**ker out of here."

When it was only him and Danny, Butch let out a breath. "I guess they blame me for something."

"No, they don't. We're used to not relying on anyone but ourselves." Danny led the way down the long corridor toward the front door. Putting his hood up, Butch exited the door. "Let us know when Gonzalez comes back to Fort Wills. We want our shot at him."

Butch nodded his head. The door closed in his face.

Staring up and down the street Butch checked to make sure no one followed him and walked back toward the clubhouse.

You're going to get yourself killed.

Right at that moment the only people he cared about were Cheryl and Matthew. Providing they were taken care of, and he had Alex's assurance that they would be, he really didn't care about what happened to him.

He threw the hooded jacket in the trash before entering the front of the compound. Passing Lash and Nash, he accepted their congratulations on joining the fold.

"Where you goin'?" Lash asked, slurring his words. "It's a party, and we saw you slip outside."

"I've got my woman to get to." The men had been partying with the Chaos Bleeds crew. Butch hadn't been the center of attention the moment the guys started betting on who could shoot better at pool. Once they all went inside to play with each other, knowing he was crap at pool, he saw an opening to slip out of the party to visit the Savage Brothers. After seeing them, he didn't feel he could be part of any celebrations. He was betraying them, and it was killing him inside.

Taking the digs the men threw his way, Butch laughed it off, charging into the clubhouse. He didn't see Cheryl waiting around for him. Passing the men and women, Butch made his way toward the staircase.

He didn't stop until he got to his door. Without knocking, he opened it and found Cheryl sitting up in bed munching on some chips, watching the television.

"Hey, baby," she said, smiling.

Without another word, he climbed to the bed, took hold of her face and slammed his lips down on hers. She tasted of salt and vinegar from the chips she was eating. He didn't care. Sliding his tongue along her lips then inside her mouth, he consumed her, trying to get rid of the erratic thoughts he was having.

"What's going on?" she asked when he pulled away.

"I need to talk to you."

"You're sweating. Where have you been?" She placed a hand on his head, frowning as she stepped out of the blanket. "What's going on?"

"I've f**ked up and done something terrible."

"What could you have done?"

Licking his suddenly dry lips he stared into her eyes and told her the truth. He told her about his chance meeting with Danny from the Savage Brothers along with the plan Alex had. "Alex wants me to pretend to hate the club, Cheryl. All Gonzalez needs to believe is that I've been blackmailed into coming back. He doesn't know that I wanted to come back. We're using his assumptions against him. I'm going to get information from Gonzalez so that we can take out others around him, reducing the threat to The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds."

"Butch, is this why you've been quiet?"

"That's not all, baby." He stroked her cheek, wishing he wasn't about to tell her the truth of the Savage Brothers. "My old club is back, Cheryl. There were survivors, young survivors. They're back and want revenge on Gonzalez. They want me to feed them information."

"What the hell have you gotten yourself into?" she asked.

"I don't know. I can't-I don't know what to do."

"You've got to tell Alex the truth."

"If I do that after this time I don't know what Alex and the club are going to think. Fuck, they need me, Cheryl." He ran fingers through his hair, trying to think of a way out of the mess he created.

"They're not your club, Butch. It's not your problem."

"I've got no choice."

"This is going to put you in danger?"

"Yes."

"You can't do this. You need to tell Tiny. I can't lose you, Butch. I love you so damn much."

Taking hold of her hand, he shook his head. "Shut up for a moment." He kissed her lips to try to soothe any hurt his words might have caused.

"This is bad, Butch. Really bad. You can't do this to Tiny or The Skulls. They're your family."

"The Savage Brothers were once my family. I was born to them."

"And as far as you were aware, they all died. Your loyalty is to Tiny and the club, not them. They're going to get you killed," she said.

"They wouldn't do that."

Cheryl chuckled. The sound was verging on the hysterical side. "Are you crazy? Can you even hear yourself?"

"Babe, I know what you're thinking, but they're not like that. I promise. They deserve to get their revenge as much as Devil and Tiny."

She pulled away from him. "They don't know you, Butch, and truthfully, you don't really know them. It has been over twenty years. Time has gone by, and it changes everyone. Look at it from their point of view. You're not a Savage Brother anymore. You were taken from that life and have been living with The Skulls. You're nothing but collateral damage to them. They're using you."

He frowned. Butch knew she had a point.

Wouldn't he use anyone at his disposal to help The Skulls?

"You've got to stop thinking like a loyal subject ready to take your life at a moment's notice. You're better than that. Talk to Tiny and Alex. Let them know what's going on."

Taking hold of her hands, he smiled. "I will."

Cheryl let out a sigh. "You won't. I can hear it in your voice." She pulled away from him, withdrawing her hands and leaving the bed.

Matthew had his own room next to theirs. Alex was also on this floor. Cheryl went to the window looking outside. It was dark, and he watched her wrap her arms around her stomach.

"I can't tell the other two, Cheryl."

"Why not?"

"I've been accepted back into the club. The fact I even had a meeting and left it this long to tell them will show my loyalty is divided. I can't just go and tell them the truth."

"So you're going to lie about it. Pretend something's not happening?" She turned to look at him.

"So long as I've got The Skulls' best interests at heart, they don't need to know."

"They're your family. What you're doing is wrong, and it's going to get everyone killed."

Standing up, he walked toward her. She placed her hands on the back of her neck, blowing out a breath. He saw the tears in her eyes as she tried to stay strong.

"I can't risk anything happening to you," she said. "I love you."

Reaching out, he cupped her cheek. He caressed the delicate flesh, moving down to cup her neck. She dropped her hands to her sides, smiling. "I can't do this."

"Yes, you can do this. You're stronger than you realize." He kissed the top of her head, closing his eyes as he did.

Don't make her do this. Don't make her lie on your behalf.

"I'll tell you the truth of whatever is happening or going down. I won't leave you in the dark."

"You're going to carry on doing this?" she asked.

The tears shining in her eyes had started to fall. Watching the water streak across her cheeks cut him to the core. He hated the fact he was the cause of her tears.

"All three of the clubs have one goal in mind, kill Gonzalez. The Savage Brothers want him dead as much as we do." He wiped the tears off her cheeks. "They're going to help us even if they don't know it. Gonzalez is strong, but he makes mistakes. He's getting greedy, and we're all going to get out of this alive. The men who are working for him are going to start to disappear. We're going to win this."

She laughed. "You're crazy, Butch."

"Will you stay by my side while I make this right?" he asked.

Cheryl gazed at his chest. "I don't know what to do."

"It's simple, trust me, Cheryl. I won't put you or Matthew in danger. We're in this for the long haul, but I need your word that you won't do anything stupid."

He kept her eyes on him.

"I won't do anything or say anything. I promise. You can trust me to keep my nose out of it."

Wrapping his arms around her, Butch pulled her close. He hoped to God that he could keep her safe.

Chapter Three

Eva tucked some hair behind her ear as she glanced around the large pantry for supplies to make breakfast. In the far corner stood a large freezer and beside it a large fridge that was bare of supplies. Looking down at her chart she started to make notes of food needed to keep the club sustained.

"How are you doing?" Lexie asked, leaning against the wall.

Staring over her shoulder Eva smiled at the other woman. It made a change to see her without a kid hanging off her. Ever since Devil had claimed Lexie, the other woman was always carrying or holding a child to her person. Eva was starting to believe Lexie couldn't survive without a young kid hanging around.

"Fine. It's amazing what two clubs can consume. Some of The Skulls have left to go and deal with their families, but most of us are here and their kids." She shrugged. "I'm just making a list to start gathering supplies. I thought we could start by visiting all the houses of the club members and grab food from their stores before we head to the shop. No point letting food go to waste while they're all staying here."

"Sounds like a good plan."

"How are you holding up?" Eva asked.

"I'm doing fine. Judi's going a little crazy. She loves her privacy and Piston County. This is a whole new experience for her, but she'll deal with it."

Eva chuckled. "At least she's not got any kids to add into the mix of crazy. It's amazing how much kids can affect a lock in."

"Do you want some help?" Lexie stepped into the large storage room. "I've not got any kids on me, and I can help where you need me."

"Sure. It makes sense us doing it. Us being the two MC leaders' old ladies and all." Eva handed the chart to Lexie. "I'll tell you what we got and need, and you can write it down."

"I love being part of the club," Lexie said. "Elizabeth, Simon, and Josh, they're all taken care of, and the club would die for them. There's not much a mother could ask for."

Eva smiled. "Yeah, I know. Sometimes it scares me what the men are willing to do to protect their loved ones. Life shouldn't be like that."

"It's the club life. Was it ever like that in Vegas with your father?"

Picking up a can of crushed tomatoes, Eva glanced over her shoulder to look at the other woman. "No, not really. My dad, he wasn't the sort of man who took any crap. Yeah, he does dirty deals, but he never brought it to me." She shrugged her shoulders. Thoughts of her father always affected her. Eva wasn't used to being forced not to see him. It was strange. After years of being able to see him whenever she wanted, she hadn't minded staying away. Having another man, whom she despised, ordering her around and stopping her from seeing her father pissed her off. No one should have the power to stop her from visiting her father. Talking on the phone was great, but it didn't make up for the missed time together, and it angered her, the power one man held over her life.

"I'm sorry. Devil told me what happened. It must suck not getting to see your dad." Lexie placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. There wasn't much comfort to be had in the touch, but Eva appreciated the gesture.

"You don't get to see your sister."

"Yeah, well, she was happy to let Devil kill me for Simon. I'm so not missing her." Lexie rolled her eyes, chuckling. "I sound evil now. I'm an evil bitch because I don't miss my sister."

"No, you're full of sense, and you're soon going to be full of cock." Devil's voice interrupted the moment. Turning toward the doorway of the pantry Eva saw Devil standing there with his arms above his head, holding onto the door ledge. His gaze was focused on his woman. From the look in his eyes, Eva knew he had sex on the brain. All of the bikers in the club had sex on the brain. It was insane how they could all think of sex at a time like this. You f**ked Tiny last night. Yeah, she couldn't talk. She'd been enjoying pleasure in her own man's arms. Thinking about sex and actually doing it was way more fun than dealing with the fear that Gonzalez created.

"Hey, Devil," she said.

His eyes never left Lexie while she spoke. If staring could be f**king, Devil would have Lexie bent over and taking his c**k by now. She hoped he appreciated her presence and didn't actually start f**king in front of her. "Hey, Eva. What are you ladies doing?"

"Stop it, Devil. You're not interested in what goes on in the pantry. What's up?"

Eva chuckled as he raised an eyebrow. His stare alone said it all.

"I wanted to see how you were doing. Do I need a reason to talk to my woman?"

Lexie rolled her eyes. "There's always a reason when you're in Fort Wills. You've got Tiny, the club, and a lot of loud music. Why would you want me?"

Going back to inventorying the pantry, Eva listened to the lovesick couple talking.

"Woman, I'll always need you."

She heard Devil move. Glancing over her shoulder she saw he'd claimed Lexie's lips and banded an arm around her waist. "I'll never need an excuse to see you, Lex. Simply breathing is reason enough for me to come and see you."

The kiss was explicit as was the way he glided his hand up to stroke Lexie's nipple. Need for Tiny swamped Eva. Averting her gaze, she continued to take stock of the room, wishing her own man had sought her out.

"The kids are being looked after, baby." Devil spoke in a hushed tone. His meaning was clear. They were free to f**k without worrying about their kids. Eva knew the feeling even if she did rarely get to experience it.

"Eva, are you okay with finishing this up?" Lexie asked.

"Sure, go and have some fun."

She waved a hand at them, shooing them away. Some scuffling was followed by silence at their departure. Sitting on her butt she looked up the long wall, wishing things were different. She loved Tiny and their kids. She even loved the life of being a biker's woman, an old lady. This waiting around for the bad guy to strike was what she hated the most. Angel and Lash were back from their vacation, and instead of being happy, they were all on guard. In the next couple of days they were going to have to get Gash out of prison, and then life had to carry on as normal.

Normal with a killer on the loose, intent on causing problems, shouldn't be normal. She rubbed at her eyes as tears started to fill them. Being upset wasn't right. She didn't have time in her busy schedule to cry over what was happening. There was no way for her stop anything. The only way she could help Tiny was by standing beside him while they took the enemy on. Her cell phone ringing pulled her out of her melancholy thoughts.

"Hello," she said, answering the call without looking at the ID of the person.

"Hey, honey, how are you hanging in there?" Ned Walker, her father, asked.

"You always call when I need you." She wiped under her nose, reaching in front of her to grab a tissue. These days she needed to keep tissues on her person for her small breakdowns.

"What's the matter, honey? Did that bastard do anything to you?"

She chuckled. He always threatened Tiny whenever he called. It was funny even though she didn't doubt for a minute that Ned would hurt Tiny if she asked. Her father was very protective of her, and she didn't mind. It was nice having a man worry about her.

"No, I don't want you to hurt him. It's just this shit with Gonzalez. I don't know, it's all getting to me, you know?"

Ned sighed over the line. "It's a shit situation we're all in."

"I'm scared." She'd never in all of her years ever admitted to being scared before. This was a first. Being around a father who controlled a bunch of fighters, she had found it hard to be afraid of anything. She was finding it a lot easier now to be scared.

"Baby, honey, you've got to be strong. Talk to Tiny. I hate his f**king guts, but I also respect him. There's no one else I'd trust with your safety than that man."

Wiping the tears that had fallen, she smiled. "I know."

"He loves you."

"I know. It's not him I'm worried about. What's going to happen? I don't know what I'll do without him, Dad."

Ned was silent on the other end of the line. "You're my daughter. You'll do what I'd expect you to."

"What?"

"Anything happens to Tiny, you'll get Miles and Tabitha and all your passports, and then you're on the first flight here. I don't give a shit what anyone says. You're my daughter, and you'll come f**king home." She heard some muttering in the background. "Do you hear me, Eva? You will come home and I'll protect you along with my boys. You've got nothing to worry about in that respect."

"I can't stand for anything to happen to him or any of the club."

"We've all got to deal with losing someone. Don't let it scare you, Eva. You're better than this. You're a club woman, an old lady to Tiny. Deal with the shit when it comes, but until then, embrace the time you've got him. I can't promise it won't hurt. It will. It'll hurt more than anything you've ever known, but afterward, you'll slowly start to mend the pieces of your broken heart."

"It's going to go bad, isn't it?" she asked, hearing the fear in his voice.

"I'm preparing you for the worst in the hope it doesn't happen. All I've ever done is try to prepare you."

"Daddy, I'm not ready for this."

"You will be. No one is ready for it until it actually happens."

Noise near the door made her look up. Tiny was staring down at her with concern in his eyes.

"I've got to go."

"Talk with Tiny or I will." Those were Ned's final words before she hung up the phone.

Wiping the last of her tears aside, she smiled at him. "I didn't hear you approaching."

"Your dad going to come and kick my ass?" Tiny helped her to her feet.

"No, of course not."

He had the pantry door closed with her pressed up against it. "I don't want you to be afraid." Her chest was to the door. Tiny wrapped her hair around his fist, moving the strands out of his way.

"I can't help it."

"Then try. I'll never let anything happen to you," she heard him say as he inhaled her scent. His tongue licked a path from the pulse in her neck to her earlobe. "You're my everything, Eva." He bit down, making her moan.

"Please," she said, begging.

With his free hand, he glided his fingers up underneath her shirt.

"I need to be inside you. Fucking you is never enough. I've got to have you again." He tore open her shirt. Someone pushed on the handle of the pantry door about to open it. Tiny slammed his palm against on the wood. "Fuck off. We're busy."

"Oops, sorry, man. I'm hungry," Pussy said, shouting through the door.

"Fuck off."

Tiny palmed her breast even as Pussy's mumbling complaints could be heard through the door.

"Tiny?"

"No, I don't want to hear any complaints from you. I'm going to f**k you to make us both feel better, and then I'm taking you shopping. Shut the f**k up complaining. You want this as much as I do." He nibbled on her neck, cutting off any complaint she might have had.

With one tug on her bra, he tore the fabric, leaving her tits hanging free.

"Fuck, I love your body, Eva. Never change, baby. I never want you to change." He tugged on her ni**les, pinching and stroking the hard peaks. She didn't have any other choice than to take his wicked torment.

Eva couldn't complain about anything he'd done to her. Each erotic touch set off a burning deep inside her. She needed his hands and mouth on her body.

"Please," she said, whimpering.

"I will when I'm good and ready." He moved onto the next breast, fingering her ni**les. She cried out as the sharp pain went straight to her clit. "That's it, baby. Shout my name. Tell me what you want."

"I want you."

"Do you want me to stop?"

She shook her head. "No, anything but that."

"Then you better tell me what you want otherwise I'm leaving you like this."

"I need you to f**k me."

"Anything else?" he asked.

"Yes, please, Tiny, shove your c**k inside me."

"Who's your master?"

She licked her suddenly dry lips. "You are. You're my master."

"Good. You better never forget who you belong to." He spun her around, grabbed both of her hands and locked them above her head. With his gaze still on hers, he leaned down and claimed one of her ni**les. The warm suction of his mouth made her cry out. The sensation was too much yet not enough. She needed more.

"Please." Eva wasn't afraid to beg. She knew deep down, Tiny loved hearing her beg him.

"You can beg all you want. You're not getting anything until I've had my fun." He mumbled the words against her breast, tonguing her nipple.

Crying out, she placed her head against the door, careful not to hurt herself. When Tiny got started with his lips on her body, she was always afraid of hurting herself. She could never think clearly or make sense of the world around her.

He tongued her nipple, licking and sucking the hard bud into his mouth before he moved onto the next one. Over and over he divided his time between each nipple, making sure he took his pleasure and gave her some as well. Her body was his own personal toy for him to play with. She loved every second of his touch.

"Keep your hands there." He applied pressure to her wrists above her head.

When he released her hands, she kept them above her head, refusing to move them. He tugged at the button on her jeans before slowly sliding them down her thighs.

"Step out of them."

There was no point in arguing with him. Stepping out of the jeans, she kicked them aside, waiting to see what he'd do next.

Kneeling in front of her, he slid his hands up the outside of her thighs. Closing her eyes, she bit her lip to try to lock in her moan. It didn't work. He tore the panties she wore right off her body then stood back up in front of her, his fingers working between her slit.

"Fuck, baby, you're soaking wet. I didn't know you wanted me this badly," he said, muttering the words against her ear.

Two fingers slid inside her cunt as he pressed his thumb to her clit.

As she cried out, there was no stopping the noise coming from her mouth. Anyone could hear what was happening, and in that moment she didn't care. All she wanted was to have an orgasm and for him to take away the ache he'd created inside her. Tiny always built the ache inside her from his touch.

"Please," she said, begging again. She wasn't above begging him to give her what she wanted and needed.

He worked three fingers inside her as he rubbed her clit.

"Who do you belong to?" he asked.

"You, Tiny, I belong to you."

"Never be afraid to tell me you're scared. I love you, Eva. I'm scared of losing you, but I promise you, you'll never lose me." He slammed his lips down on hers. Moaning, she dropped her hands, wrapping her arms around his neck.

Tiny withdrew his hands from her body. She felt him tugging at his own pair of jeans. Within seconds his na**d c**k was sliding between the folds of her sex.

"Fuck, baby, I've got to have you." He didn't give her a chance to get used to him. In one harsh thrust, he rammed inside her.

Crying out, she threw her head back, no longer caring about the pain.

He pulled out, only to slam back within her. "So f**king perfect. You're my woman, Eva. Never be afraid to tell me how you're feeling. You're mine."

"I'm yours."

She gripped his shoulders tightly as he f**ked her hard and rough against the door. Someone else tried to enter, and she yelled at them to f**k off. Tiny chuckled, sucking on her br**sts as he worked her toward the peak of ecstasy.

"No, you can wait until I'm ready to join you," he said.

Whimpering, she rode his c**k toward his orgasm. He stroked her cl*t as his c**k jerked inside her. She could get pregnant, but she didn't care. The only thing she cared about was reaching her cl**ax.

Tiny gave it to her. She cried out, and he took possession of her lips in a searing kiss that left no doubt in her mind who she belonged to. When it was over, she pulled back, looking into his eyes.

"Everything is going to be okay," Tiny said.

Staring into his eyes, Eva knew it was the first time he'd lied to her since they'd been married.

****

Walking around the supermarket was not Tiny's idea of a good time. Eva had withdrawn from him since their time together in the pantry, which had been f**king hot. They'd left the room in time to see Pussy smirking and Angel as red as a strawberry. Considering she was married to Lash, Tiny was surprised at how easily she still blushed. There had been many nights when he'd heard them two f**king. Either way, he wasn't embarrassed about taking his woman. Eva was his woman to f**k whenever the need arose.

What he was embarrassed about was lying to Eva. He didn't know if they were all going to be okay or if Gonzalez was going to take his revenge out on all of them. They were all waiting for him to cause trouble. After Devil humiliated him back in Piston County, they were all waiting for retaliation. So far, nothing. Tiny just knew it would only be a matter of time before he did.

Running fingers through his hair, he watched as Eva placed multiple cans of tomatoes into the trolley. She had a list and was ticking items off one by one. Lexie and Devil had joined them, but they were getting all the fresh meats and vegetables while he was collecting the canned goods.

She hadn't talked to him.

You don't know if anything is going to be all right.

Ignoring the turning in his gut, he walked up behind his woman. Kissing the back of her neck and not caring who was watching, he apologized to her.

"I'm sorry, baby."

Eva tensed.

"I don't know what the future is going to bring. I can only know that I'm going to fight whatever happens to make sure you're safe."

She placed her hands on the shelf in front of her. "You lied to me."

"I know. I'm sorry."

In one quick move, she spun around and slapped him across the face. It was the second time within days that she slapped him. He deserved it for lying and should have known that lying wouldn't help her fears. "Don't f**king lie to me again. I won't have it." She took the trolley from him and stormed away.

Well, he was in for a shit couple of days. There was no greater punishment for lying to your woman than no sex. He knew Eva well enough to know she'd be sleeping in the same room as their kids.

Shaking his head, he made his way out of the supermarket toward the truck. He found Devil, sucking on a lollipop already waiting beside the van.

"What did you do to be waiting outside already?" Tiny asked.

"I f**king hate shopping. I tried to f**k my woman near the cheese counter. Lex is pissed, but it was worth it. I hate shopping. It's boring as shit." Devil sucked on his lollipop smiling. "It was worth it though. I've already f**ked her this morning. I'll get my fix later. It's a good job my woman loves f**king as much as I do."

"Good for you. I'm going to be pushed aside tonight."

"Lie to your woman?" Devil asked.

"Yeah, how did you know?"

"Only one way of getting out of shopping and sporting the nice red handprint on your face, either you cheated or you lied. I figured with Eva you wouldn't be breathing if you ever cheated, but you'd still lie to your woman to protect her." Devil shrugged. "It's not hard to guess."

"Would you lie to Lexie?" Tiny asked, leaning against the side of his van.

"No, I wouldn't." Devil threw the lollipop stick in the trash can nearest to them. "She'd know I was lying to her. Not only that, Lex has done everything to earn my trust and respect. She put her body on display to help my kid. There are not many women who'd put their life on the line for a kid that wasn't their own. Lex, she's special. She's my one of a kind woman."

Tiny listened to Devil talk. The way his friend loved Lexie was the same way he loved Eva. Devil hadn't f**ked up, though, whereas he had.

"And, she's got a smoking hot bod. Full, fat tits I love to suck on, and she loves riding my cock. I'm telling you Lex is the whole damn package. The only thing I'd change is the age gap. I don't like the thought of leaving her alone or another bastard getting a chance to see how special she is when I'm dead and gone." Devil shrugged. "I'll look either down or up at her wherever I end up when I'm dead and gone. I'll always keep an eye on my girl, even in death."

"You believe in the afterlife and shit?"

"Don't know what I believe. I hate to think it's over when we're all dead." Devil pointed toward the store. "She makes me want more."

Nodding his head, Tiny knew what that felt like. When he married Patricia he truly thought he knew what love was. During his marriage, he'd been a f**king bastard, cheating, boozing it up until he couldn't think straight. After Patricia died, the guilt had eaten away at him, but then he met Eva. The women continued even though the only woman he ever wanted was her. Once he made Eva his woman, there was no turning back. He knew what true love was all about with her. Cheating on her would never be an option for him.

"What's going on with Butch and Alex?" Devil asked.

Tensing up, he glanced toward his friend. "What do you mean?"

"Don't give me that shit, Tiny. I've known you f**king years. Something's going on there, and I wanna know what it is."

"Nothing."

"You're going to do that?" Devil asked.

"What?"

"Treat me like I'm a f**king idiot. I've seen the way those two act. Shit is up, and I've had enough of being kept in the dark. Tell me what's going on."

Closing his eyes, Tiny counted to ten. He didn't know the best way to deal with Devil. Glancing over at his friend, he shook his head. "That shit is no concern of yours. You're a guest in my town."

Devil rounded on him. "What the f**k you saying?"

"Exactly that. In Piston County, deal with your own shit, but don't expect me to tell you mine. Alex and Butch are dealing business. It's none of your business, so back off."

He was sure Devil had more to say, but Tiny's cell phone went off, stopping Devil from saying anything more.

Pulling the device out of his pocket, he accepted the call. "What!"

"Boss, you've got to get down to the graveyard," Lash said.

"What? Why?"

There was noise in the background. He heard Tate sobbing and Murphy yelling. The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end.

"Some f**ker's desecrated Patricia's grave. The stone's been smashed and, shit, boss, it's bad."

Lash went through some of the details. He'd cremated Patricia at her request, but to have the place Tate went in order to talk with her mother spoiled pissed Tiny off.

"I'll be there."

Closing the phone, he rested his fists against the metal of the van.

"What's going on?" Devil asked.

"Someone f**ked over Patricia's grave. I've got to get there. Tate's freaking out, and Murphy's having a hard time dealing with her."

The sound of a car forced Tiny to turn. Alex pulled up alongside him. "Get in. Devil can take care of the women. Tell them we'll meet them at the clubhouse."

He looked at Devil, waiting for his angry denial.

"Go, I'll handle the women."

Jumping into the passenger side, he closed the door, but Alex was already pulling away before he did.

"How did you know what was going on?" Tiny asked.

"Patricia may have been your f**king wife, but she was my sister. Lash told me first. Tate's losing her shit, and we need to get there to help calm the situation down before she does something we'll all regret." Alex didn't take his eyes off the road. "Murphy's trying to calm her down." Tate wasn't the easiest person to calm down when she was upset. She lost her shit easily.

"What the f**k were they doing outside of the clubhouse? We were on lockdown for a f**king reason." Tiny slammed his fist against the plastic interior in front of him.

"Hey, watch the f**king car. Tate lives by her own rules. Not only that, this lockdown hasn't been as tight as all the others. Women are coming and going. I'm not going to bitch at Tate for going to see her mother. You shouldn't either."

Silence filled the car at Alex's anger.

"Shit, I'm sorry. I don't know what to think. Who would desecrate Patricia's resting place? It's sick."

"Gonzalez would," Alex said.

"Why? We've done nothing to him."

"We're marrying Pussy with his woman and Butch with Cheryl. He's seen us working with the Chaos crew. After the shit they pulled back in Piston County, I'd say Gonzalez is getting himself a little payback. I'm surprised it has taken this long for him to lash out."

Neither of them talked for several minutes as Alex worked the small traffic in Fort Wills. Tiny was losing his temper with every moment that passed. Tate was a bitch at times, but she was still his daughter. He'd do anything for her even though she pissed him off. There were times he wondered what Murphy saw in her and if he could think that then he knew the guy loved her.

"What's Butch saying?" Tiny asked. He was leaving all of the information gathering to Alex and Butch. There was only so much he wanted to be involved in. Butch was risking his life for the club, and he didn't want to give away what he knew to anyone else.

"Gonzalez is playing it cool over what happened with Devil. He knows a hit is going to take place, but he doesn't know where or when." Alex turned the corner. "He's laying low for now, waiting for his time to strike."

"What else has Butch said?"

"That when Gonzalez comes out of hiding, we're all f**ked, but I don't think that's an actual threat. Butch is going by his gut and warning us."

Tiny nodded. "It makes sense. Devil started stirring a pot full of shit. It's only a matter of time before one or all of us end up on the shit list."

"You've got to think about your allegiance with Devil and the Chaos Bleeds Crew, Tiny. They're f**king dangerous. Devil will end up getting one or all of us killed."

He glanced toward his former brother-in-law. Alex was a lot of things, but he was never jealous. Tiny knew if he was talking about getting rid of Devil, then it was for a good reason.

"Devil's a friend. I'm not going to cut him off. He's been there for The Skulls whenever we've needed him."

"There's a difference. We've never gone hunting for trouble or for a fight. Devil has. He's going to start a war with Gonzalez, and everyone in his path is going to get stung in the process. It's something you're going to need to consider."

"I'm not turning my back on Devil."

"Okay, I'll follow you, but if you put my son or niece in danger then I'll f**king take him out. It's got nothing to do with the club and more about my own feelings," he said.

"Look, give Devil a chance. You've never been his biggest fan, but please, give him a chance. He's got his club in his best interests."

"Exactly, Tiny. He's got his own interests for his own club in his thoughts." Alex pulled up outside of the curb where the graveyard was.

Murphy was stood with his arms around a sobbing Tate.

"Here we go," Tiny said.

Cops were inside the graveyard talking with the priest.

"Who would do such a thing?" Tate asked, crying out. When his daughter saw him, she ran into his arms. Holding her tightly, he kissed the top of her head as he looked toward the mess. "I hate whoever did this. Tell me you're not going to let it stand."

"I won't, honey. I promise you that I won't let this stand." He stared at the mess before him. Gonzalez was going down, but he was going to do it with time and patience.

"She didn't even get a chance to put her flowers down. It was like this when we got here," Murphy said.

Shaking his head, he spun Tate away from the scene.

"The cops have already talked to her."

"Get her out of here, Murphy. Make sure she's taken care of." He handed his daughter back to her man and turned to look at the graveyard. Gonzalez hadn't done this with his own two hands. He'd sent someone to do his dirty work. The games were going to start. This one move was sure to set about the war.

****

"You did it?" Gonzalez asked. He sat in his hotel room in Piston County smoking a cigar. Ronald was preparing them some food while they waited for the news of what Butch had done.

"Yes, I did it."

Gonzalez chuckled. "I have to say I'm surprised. I didn't believe you'd f**k over someone's grave."

"This was a f**king test, ass**le. If I didn't do it you'd think I still had some allegiance to The Skulls. I did it, and now you know I can be trusted. You can start trusting me now."

It was a good argument. Gonzalez had set the wheels in motion for Patricia's graveside to be ruined. Whether Butch did it or one of his own men, didn't matter to him. Now, Butch was on his side, and he could use him to get deeper within The Skulls. Gonzalez wanted them all to hurt before he finally killed him. Where was the fun in simply striking out? There was no fun unless he caused a little bit of pain.

"Okay. I've got a cop on the force in Fort Wills. His name is Andrew Bolton. He's reliable and is helping me gain another search warrant for The Skulls' compound. I want Devil and Tiny divided. I don't like them being together. If you want to save yourself from being put in jail, talk to him, and he'll tell you when he's going to hit out. I'll be in touch with more information when I'm ready."

Disconnecting the call, he stared at Ronald.

"Are you going to approach Gash?" Ronald asked.

Since Homer had been killed, the company had been a little lonely. Ronald was great, but he wasn't like Homer. Ronald hated hurting people Gonzalez wanted to be hurt in a specific way.

"Nah, I don't need Gash to get what I want. All I need is to strike when they least expect it. Now, Tiny's pissed and will spend time hunting for the man who desecrated his wife's grave. Let's see, it's time to hit Devil I think. Andrew's going to help split them apart with another raid on the club. It's all coming together. They may even kill each other, saving me a job. It wouldn't be as fun, but it would still be done." Gonzalez ran a finger over his lip while he thought about what to do.

"I've got a friend I can bring in," Ronald said. "He makes Homer look like child's play."

Pulled out of his thoughts, he looked at Ronald. "In what way?" Gonzalez asked.

"Homer was willing to hurt and kill women within a set time. My man is willing to do a lot more damage. The bastard gets off on taking a woman by force. The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds are devoted to their women. Getting to them is a lot easier than getting to the men. Angel, Tate, Sophia, Lexie, all of them are the weakness that we can use with the right man."

Gonzalez held his hand up. "I'll think about it. What's the guy's name?"

"Everett, that's all he goes by. You won't find him in the system. He doesn't work for anyone but himself."

"Will he get any job done that I set him?" Gonzalez asked.

"For a price he will."

Sitting back, Gonzalez started to think about what he could do with a man willing to do anything.

"Call him. I want him available when the time is right."

Getting up from his seat, he moved toward his bedroom. With Ashley gone and all of his women earning money, he was feeling lonely. "Ronald, while you're getting your guy get a woman for me. I'm bored and want some entertainment for the night." He closed the door to his bedroom. Smiling, he walked toward the window overlooking the night. Everything was coming together slowly. He didn't have a complete hold over Ned Walker, but the more threats he put on The Skulls the bigger the chance he had of taking on Ned and Vegas. Some of the men he had on his payroll were no longer taking calls from him. It didn't bother him. All of his men were known for being busy. There wasn't much he could do to stop it. Slowly, he was going to get exactly what he wanted. He just needed to be patient.

****

Butch ran fingers through his hair. Cheryl rubbed his back, but he didn't need or want the attention. His love for her was absolute. What he did today didn't deserve her love, but he'd gotten something out of it. A guy named Andrew was on the force, and there was another raid that was set to pit Devil and Tiny against one another. He could stop this from occurring.

"Tell me what's wrong?" she asked.

"I need a minute."

"You've been acting strangely for awhile." She climbed off the bed to kneel on the floor in front of him. He didn't deserve her. "I can see something's eating away at you. I don't know what it is, but you can't keep hiding from me."

"I'm not. I've told you everything I need to tell you. I'm not going to put you in danger with everything. I'll tell you what I can." He shook his head. "I'm sorry, baby. I can't tell you what's going on right now."

"We're going to be married." She cupped his face, forcing him to look at her. "Keeping secrets is not the way to make a marriage work. Please, let me in."

He rubbed his eyes. "I f**ked up, Cheryl."

"How? You're part of The Skulls. You've proven your worth. Why could anything be going wrong?"

Staring into her eyes, he knew in his heart he couldn't keep the truth from her anymore.

"I took a job from Gonzalez, and now I can't see a way out." He did it all for Alex, but it didn't stop him feel any less dirty.

She frowned. "What?"

"I had to prove to Gonzalez that I was against The Skulls. I was given the job of desecrating Patricia's grave." She gasped even before he finished. The disappointment was clear in her eyes.

"You wouldn't."

"I didn't have a choice. Alex doesn't know yet. I've got to tell him the truth, and to be honest, I don't want to. He was so f**king pissed." He rubbed at his eyes. If he'd not been asked to try and get into Gonzalez's graces, he wouldn't have to deal with this. You also wouldn't know that Gonzalez intended to start another raid on the club. It was hard to be happy about the small bit of information he knew when he'd done something awful.

"Wait. You're working for Alex to become a spy for him against Gonzalez, and he doesn't even know you were the one responsible for doing what you did? He knows you have to do stuff like this."

He nodded. "I didn't get a chance to tell him. There was nothing I could do. It's not going to stop him from being pissed."

"I can't deal with this. None of this makes sense. You've got to tell Tiny the truth about Alex, Gonzalez, the Savage Brothers. You've got to tell him everything. You could be killed for this. You could be killed if you're found out."

Butch shrugged. "I've got the guarantee that you'll live."

"No, I don't accept that. It's not right, nor is it fair." She pulled away and started to pace in front of him. "You can't risk your life for me or for Matthew. This is hurting you, Butch."

"You don't have a choice. This is something I did, and you're just going to have to accept it."

He stood up.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm going to tell Alex I'm the one who had to disturb his sister's resting place." He put a hand on the door. "And I finally got something out of Gonzalez. I guess it's a little tit for tat."

"Don't do this, Butch. If you loved me, you'd back off and stop this."

Her words cut to his heart.

Glancing over at her, he shook his head. "It's because I love you that I'm doing this. Baby, I can't back out now. I've already done what needed to be done. There's no backing out until Gonzalez is dead."

Closing the door behind him, he walked toward the main part of the club. With both The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds crews in residence, the clubhouse was back to being livable. Gonzalez had paid a bunch of cops to come and trash the place while he'd been out of the club. He found Alex at the bar drinking.

"I need a word," he said, noticing the way Devil was watching them.

Alex turned to him. His eyes were red-rimmed, but no tears were present.

"Do you really want me to talk now? I've had to deal with a lot of shit today. I'm not in the best moods to be talking or chatting." Alex downed a shot of brown liquid.

It hadn't taken Tiny long to get the alcohol back in.

Closing his eyes, Butch blew out a breath. "It's today that I need to talk to you about and something else."

Alex stared at him then nodded his head. "Fine."

Another shot was downed, and they moved outside.

Glancing around the compound Butch made sure they were all clear before talking. "Gonzalez ordered me to prove myself."

"So. It's what we want."

"He told me to do that to Patricia's grave today. I was the one who desecrated her stone."

At his words, Alex stared at him silently.

The fist landed in his gut as Alex lashed out. The other went in his face. Collapsing to the floor, Butch coughed as the pain traveled through his body.

"I know why you did it, but you touched my sister. Warn me before you do shit like that." Alex's fists were tight to his side. The anger emanated from him, and he looked ready to strike once again.

"I tried. You weren't answering your cell." Coughing, Butch curled up. The agony from the beating of being voted back in mingled with the punches from Alex, and the pain intensified.

"Fine. You better get us something on Gonzalez, as otherwise I'll f**king kill you myself. There are limits, and he crossed the line with touching my dead sister's memory."

"I did get something." Butch got to his feet, trying to ignore the pain.

Alex glared. "Then spit it out. I've not got all day."

"There's a guy on the force in Fort Wills. Andrew Bolton. He's looking to organize another raid on the club."

"What else?"

"Gonzalez wants to create a rift between Devil and Tiny, hoping they'll kill each other before something else happens."

"If we take out Andrew, Gonzalez will know we're onto him."

"Then we make sure Andrew meets an accidental death, say a fire, or a car accident," Butch said, already planning the next step.

"Good work. I'll make sure to deal with Andrew. Let me know the next time you get a hit like that. I don't want to have to be getting a call."

Alex stormed back inside the clubhouse. Butch was no longer in doubt. If The Skulls found out about his helping the Savage Brothers MC then he was dead no matter what.

Chapter Four

Several days later the sun was shining outside, and the heat was gracing them with its presence for the first time in what felt like weeks. Eva, Lexie, and the men were arranging the tables outside to welcome Gash into the fold. Nash, Steven, and Whizz were going to get Gash from the prison.

Glancing over the door, Eva saw Angel standing on a chair with Lash holding onto her waist as she started to pin up the welcome home sign.

"It's looking good." Eva held her thumbs up for the couple to know she was talking to them. All the kids were inside the play area Tiny had built in the compound. Tate was looking over them. She wasn't too traumatized by what happened, and Murphy kept a close eye on her.

"Right, we've just got the food to bring out when it's ready," Lexie said.

"No, I've got to bring the booze out. The guys are going to want their drinks. Also, we need to fill the main room with balloons. Nash's orders and he got them approved by Tiny. I don't know what it is with the balloons, but I'm not going to argue with him." Running fingers through her hair, Eva walked back into the clubhouse. Tiny was going over some figures while he sat at the bar.

She'd not been to bed with him for two days, not since he'd lied to her.

Approaching him, she glanced over his shoulder to see all the numbers he was looking over.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

Eva wasn't jealous of his first wife, far from it. She knew his first marriage wasn't as perfect as people thought.

"I'm fine. Is Tate okay?"

"She will be. She's getting stronger every day."

"I'm starting to think she's not cut out to be an old lady."

"The club takes a lot of getting used to. Tate's been through a lot. She's expecting her second child. Please, Tiny, give her a chance."

He shook his head. "It's not just about dealing with the everyday crap. I don't believe she's cut out to be this kind of person. She's nothing like you or some of the other women."

"You can't cut her off."

"I'm not going to cut her off, Eva. She's my daughter."

"Where is all of this going? Why would you be thinking about Tate in my role?"

Tiny shrugged. "I'm not going to be the president of The Skulls forever. I know my time is coming to an end. I'm just thinking of the future."

She chuckled. "It's going to be some time yet."

"Even so. I'm old, baby. I've got to start preparing for the future. I don't want to be riding my bike and dealing with this shit into my seventies."

"It's over twenty years away." She made to pull away, but he wouldn't let her go.

"No, it's not that long, Eva. You think it's that long, but time goes by so fast. Before we know it I'm going to be seventy, and I don't want to spend my days riding and dealing with shit." He spun in his chair and pulled her closer to him. "I want to be with you. Loving you, spending my time with you."

"Are you trying to suck up to me?" she asked.

"No. I'm trying to let you know that no matter how much I disappoint you, I'll always love you, no matter what. I'm sorry for lying to you. I just can't stand the fact you're scared. It pisses me off."

Smiling, she wrapped her arms around his neck. "That's okay. You can make it up to me later." She leaned in, kissing his lips. "I love you, Tiny, and I'm sorry for being a bitch."

He gripped her ass, squeezing her flesh. "Love you, too, baby."

Reluctantly she pulled away from him to go searching through the cupboards for all the alcohol. She found a trolley to load up so she could have drinks all around the compound.

"It's hard to be happy and sad at the same time," Lexie said, coming to join her. For once the other woman didn't have a child on her hip. That had been two occasions she'd seen Lexie without a child, and it was nice.

"What do you mean?" Eva asked, adding another bottle of scotch to the selection.

"We're all celebrating the return of a brother who was falsely incarcerated, but we're all still on guard. I wonder if we'll ever be able to simply have a get-together that doesn't involve pain, death, or fear." Lexie held onto the trolley handle as Eva placed the last bottle to take into the garden.

"I know what you mean. It sucks, but at least we're all still here." They passed Sasha and Pussy on the way into the garden. The couple was cute, and it was shocking to see Pussy utterly devoted to one woman. "I wonder how long they will last."

"They're going to last a lifetime," Lexie said. "He fought Devil to keep her."

"Why didn't Devil want them together?"

"She's blind, and he saw her as a problem seeing as she couldn't take care of herself. Pussy has given her more independence than any of her family. She's doing great, flourishing. I had to convince Devil to leave them alone."

Placing the bottles into the cooler, Eva found it strange.

"Oh, well. Men don't really understand true love until they live through it." Eva finished with the bottles and started taking the trolley back into the clubhouse.

"I've learned a lot about Devil over the last few years. He rarely allows any man into the club who can't take care of themselves. It means a lot to him to have them on his side." Lexie tucked some hair behind her ear. The brown locks glistened in the sun.

Tiny and Devil were totally different considering they were both presidents of MCs. Whizz was their problem at the moment. The brother could barely take care of himself, let alone support the club in a fight. What Whizz failed with his personal problems, he more than made up for with his computer skills. Whenever Tiny or the club had a problem, Whizz delivered. They could rely on him behind the scenes, which at the moment was the best place for him. He was The Skulls' most valuable asset. Tiny wouldn't allow anything to happen to the brother. Whizz was part of all of them, and no one would ever vote him out.

"Have I shocked you?" Lexie asked.

"No, not really. Devil never struck me as the kind of man with patience."

Alex grabbed her arm. "Can I borrow you?"

Looking at Lexie, Eva was about to open her mouth when Alex tugged her away. "Hey, Alex. I was talking. You're being very f**king rude."

He didn't stop until he escorted her through to his room. Alex led the way to his room where Tiny wouldn't see them. She wasn't afraid. Alex wouldn't hurt her. They were friends before the club.

"What the hell is going on? You've never acted like this before."

"Butch is the one who f**ked up Patricia's grave."

She gasped, pressing a hand to her mouth.

He placed a hand over her mouth. "He did it at the order of Gonzalez."

"Butch is working for Gonzalez?"

"Yes and no."

Frowning, she dropped her hands and pushed him away. "What the hell is that supposed to mean? You're not making any sense."

"I've got it all under control. I'm the one who sent him undercover."

"What?" None of this was making any sense to her. Tiny had already told her all of this. She didn't know how much she was supposed to know or what Tiny had told Alex. "You're putting Butch in danger."

"The club is in danger. Gonzalez is not predictable, and he's going to put us all in danger. One man is better than the whole club."

She stared into his eyes. Eva had known Alex long enough to know when he was lying.

"This isn't about you or the club. This is about your son, Matthew. You're doing all of this to protect him."

He dropped his gaze from her.

"Does Tiny know?"

"Yes, he knows, but he doesn't want anyone else to know what we're doing."

Why is Alex coming to me?

"Why are you telling me?" She knew what Tiny was trying to do, even if his plan did unnerve her a little.

"Because I don't know if Tiny knows what he's doing and I've got a son to protect."

"Tiny has the interest of the club before anyone else. You should never doubt him." She shoved him in the chest. There was no way she'd let Alex get away with doubting her man. "He's been president of this club for a long time, a lot longer than you've ever given a shit about them. You stayed away in Vegas, involved in your casino. Don't you f**king dare try to divide loyalty! Tiny knows this club better than most."

She turned to grab the door handle. Alex gripped her elbow.

"I'm not trying to divide f**king loyalty, Eva. Devil and his crew, that's Tiny's weakness. He trusts Devil, and he shouldn't."

Resting her head against the door, she let out a sigh. "Devil and his crew have been there for us in the past."

"They brought this mess to us. We shouldn't be contemplating losing men or women, let alone children."

She saw the fear in his eyes. Never in all the time she'd known Alex had she ever seen fear. He was a man who took risks and didn't care about the consequences of what he was doing. This man before her was not just a man, he was a scared father.

"You've got to stop panicking and start to put your shit together," she said.

He ran fingers through his hair. Pity filled her at seeing the conflict in his eyes. He was lashing out without even thinking.

"I can't handle this. He's just a boy."

"Then you know exactly how we've all felt the last few years. You don't think I'm terrified about what happens to Miles and Tabitha? They're my world, and yet I'm part of a world that could have them taken from me." She stopped as tears filled her eyes. "The panic will come along with the fear. You've got to learn to trust Tiny. He's gotten us all out of trouble so far. Trust him, and Matthew will be fine."

She opened the door and left him alone.

Without stopping, she went to Tiny and grabbed his hand. "We need to talk."

"I'm busy, baby. I want to get these numbers done before Gash arrives."

Eva didn't give him the chance of turning her down. She grabbed the paperwork and threw it over the counter. "There, the work is done." Taking hold of his hand, she led him into the office. The club was snickering as she led him back to the main office. Closing and locking the door she turned on him and shoved him hard in the chest. "Are you f**king insane?"

"Baby? What?"

"Butch, him risking his f**king life and doing that shit to Patricia's grave and you didn't even tell me?" She placed hands on her h*ps and glared at him. Eva was so f**king angry, she was ready to hurt him.

Her body shook with anger.

"Who the f**k told you about Patricia?"

"Alex. Don't you f**king dare!" She pushed at his chest when he made to pass her. "You're not going to take any shit out on him. You're the one at fault here, you, not Alex. You're my husband, the one responsible for keeping me up to date on all the shit you've got planned, not him."

"It's club business. He had no right to tell you."

"So I'm not club business?" she asked, yelling. She didn't give a f**k who was listening to them. "I'm not an old lady? I'm the one who has to look at Butch's wife when he's f**king murdered because you kept me in the goddamned dark!"

"Eva." He held onto her shoulders, and she shook him off.

"No, you don't get to Eva me and try to shut me up. You're in the f**king wrong. I'm your old lady, Tiny. I'm your f**king wife. I knew you were doing this shit with Butch, but this, it's going to get him killed. What are you doing to do when Gonzalez asks him to do more? How far do you want Butch to go? Desecrating Patricia's grave is f**king mild for Gonzalez, considering he was more than happy to give the order of cutting off a woman's head. Butch doesn't even know you're in on it. Alex doesn't even know that I f**king know what's going on. This is bad news." She slapped his chest, feeling the tears fall down her cheeks. "You lost the right to treat me like a whore when you put a ring on my finger and twins inside me." She stopped, licking her lips. "You should have told me everything. How can I help you if you're only ever giving me half of it? This isn't going to work."

Laying a hand against his chest, she felt the pounding within her head. This thing with Butch was getting complicated, and if Tiny wasn't careful, it was going to bite him in the ass.

"Shit, I'm sorry. I don't want to worry you. I never want to worry you. This is my business, and I'm risking his life-"

"Getting information from Gonzalez is a lot different than acting like a pet. Butch is nothing more than Gonzalez's pet. It's going to get him killed, Tiny. It's dangerous."

He didn't drop his gaze from hers. "I'm doing what's good for the club. This is our only way of getting to him from the inside. Butch acting like this has helped us stop something else."

"What else could it have stopped?" she asked, opening her arms wide. She didn't know what else to expect from him.

"Butch found out that a cop on the force within Fort Wills was going to start another raid on the clubhouse. We're all in lockdown. All of us would have ended up in jail."

"How did you stop it?" she asked. They hadn't been woken up in the middle of the night to a raid. There had to be something Tiny and The Skulls had done.

"He's dead," Tiny said, whispering the words against her ear. "Whizz dealt with his car. The bastard was travelling to the city and didn't gain control. He veered off the road connecting with a tree. We took him out."

"Did this cop have any family?"

"No, he wasn't even a local to Fort Wills. He was nothing but a mole put in to work for Gonzalez."

"And him dying in his car didn't lead anyone to you?"

"No. Butch may hit out at us, but he's doing it to help us. I hate this as much as you do, but it's going to work."

"I like Cheryl. She's good for Butch and a brilliant mother to Matthew. There are two men in the club affected by her, Tiny. She may not be anything to Alex, but she's still the mother to his son. Two men who could be affected by any decision you make. The women are my responsibility. I can keep my shit together, but I need to know the whole truth of what's going on. Don't keep little pieces away from me."

"I won't keep anything else away from you. I'm sorry."

She pulled out of his arms, needing the space. "You've got to share this stuff with me, Tiny. The club is part of you, and so it's part of me. Please, share this with me."

"I will."

"What else do I need to know?" she asked.

"Nothing. I promise. I'm not keeping anything from you."

Reaching out, she touched his cheek. "I know you're trying to protect me. I'm telling you to stop. You don't need to protect me, Tiny. I can take care of myself without your help."

He took hold of her hand, drawing her knuckles to his lips. "I'm sorry, baby."

"You've got to be careful. Alex thinks your friendship with Devil is going to cost you dearly. I'd watch your back around Alex until this blows over. He's more concerned about his son than anything else. I'd hate for anything to happen to you."

"I will."

Stepping closer, she placed a kiss to his lips. "Tonight?"

"You're back in my bed?"

"Yes, I'm back. Don't give me a reason to leave it again." She licked his lips, and he opened up for her to deepen the kiss. His hands moved around to her ass, drawing her close. The length of his c**k pressed against her stomach, making her moan. "I need you now," he said.

"We don't have time." Pulling away, she smiled at him.

"You sure you don't want me to take care of your needs?" His gaze was on her br**sts.

"All you think about is sex."

"It's not the only thing I think about, but when I'm around you, it's all I can think about."

Laughing, she left the room, feeling happier than ever before. She made her way out to the compound where the tables were set.

She spotted Devil and Lexie with their heads together talking. The seriousness on Devil's face alarmed Eva. When he glanced over at her, she made sure to make herself busy. Checking the time she started to fire up the coals for the barbeque. Within the next half an hour, Gash would be arriving, and she didn't want to have him waiting around for food.

"Hey," Lexie said, approaching her.

"Hey. Is everything okay?" Eva asked.

Don't give anything away.

"Club stuff. Devil's always worrying about something."

Glancing up, she saw Devil talking on the phone. She didn't like the way the two clubs were going. Between Alex and Devil's suspicions they could tear apart the bond the Chaos Bleeds crew and The Skulls had formed in the last few years. She liked the crew, but The Skulls would always be her home.

"Are you sure everything is okay?" Eva asked.

"Yeah, Devil's missing home. He wants Gonzalez taken care of as much as you do."

Something wasn't right, but Eva didn't have a clue what to do about it. Her gut was telling her that Devil was going to cut away from them and get this done on his own.

Running fingers through her hair, she went to talk about her fears with Lexie. Before she got a single word out, the commotion of the men returning cut off all conversation.

"We're back, and we've brought him home," Nash said, yelling for all to hear.

Pushing the troubled thoughts to the back of her mind, she entered the clubhouse to greet their new arrival.

****

Tiny laughed as Gash lifted Tabitha up easily. Considering the guy had been in jail for the last five years he was looking good. It had been too long since he saw the other man. The anger wasn't present in his eyes as he swung Tabitha in the air. Miles was next in line. The children were flocking toward him as if he was some kind of light and they were moths.

"Fuck me, I turn my back a moment and you're all breeding like rabbits," Gash said.

"This is my woman." Tiny tugged Eva to his side.

"Finally, you decided to lay claim to her. I thought I was going to die before you laid claim to this peach." Gash pulled Eva into a hug. "Lovely to see you again, darlin'."

Eva chuckled. "You're a charmer like always." She took Tabitha out of his arms. Miles was next, and Tiny moved away while Lash introduced Angel to Gash.

"Well, I never thought I'd see the day I'd have an angel in my midst. Hey, baby, this bastard treating you well?"

"He's treating me how he knows best." Angel shook Gash's hand. Tiny tensed as Gash pulled her in for a hug and kissed her on the lips. Lash tensed, but Angel pulled back, looking startled.

"Keep your hands and lips to yourself, Gash. I don't want to beat the shit out of you before you get settled back at home," Lash said, pulling his woman to his side.

"Sorry, I've got to get as much action in as possible."

Tiny stared at Angel. There was a time when she'd be terrified of such attention whereas now she looked more taken aback than scared. Her hands were steady as she tucked some of her blonde hair behind her ear. He'd never seen her look so calm and relaxed.

What had happened to the scared woman who only felt safe around Lash?

"What're you thinking about?" Eva asked, pulling him out of his thoughts.

"Nothing."

"You can't lie to me. You're thinking something while you're staring at Angel."

He kissed the top of her head. "You never miss a thing. I was wondering when Angel changed."

"What do you mean?"

"There was a time she'd be crying or shaking at Gash's attention. She's taken it all in her stride and is even laughing about it. What did I miss?"

Eva tapped his chest. "She's been through a lot of crap to get where she is. Be happy that she's gotten this far without breaking down again."

A few years back Angel was attacked and she'd been pregnant but had lost the baby, sending Angel into a mental breakdown. Since then, Lash had been very protective of his woman, to the point of over-protective.

"It just opens up possibilities." He reached into the cooler and grabbed himself a beer. Opening a beer for Eva, he snagged another for himself but didn't let his woman go.

"Are we okay?" she asked.

Glancing down at her, he nodded. They were more than okay. She had a right to be pissed. If Butch died because of this job then he'd get Eva to talk with Cheryl. Alex had told him everything about what Butch had to do to get on Gonzalez's good side. What Tiny didn't like was wondering what was going to happen next. Gonzalez wasn't the kind of man who just let things slide for the hell of it. The bastard had a plan and Tiny's along with Devil's crews were the targets.

Sipping at his beer, he watched as Gash made the rounds and shook hands with Devil. Gash had seen Devil a couple of times before he went inside. It was good to have him back.

"We're more than okay, baby. I don't have a problem with you in the slightest or anyone else for that matter. Alex telling you simply cleared the air."

"You sure? You don't look happy."

He smiled even though he didn't feel like it. "Just wish we could have invited Gash home with a lot more loving than telling him to stay as sober as possible for a club meeting later."

"You're going to bring him up to speed on his first day back?"

"There's no point in prolonging this giving him a false sense that everything is going to be okay." Tiny shrugged. "Like I said, wish we were all under better circumstances."

Pulling away from his wife, Tiny went to put the meat on the barbeque. The women had gone to the fuss of preparing salads and little fancy stuff that he'd never eat. He was a meat and potatoes man all the way. Tiny refused to eat the salads. Even if it meant getting into Eva's pants, he still wouldn't eat that shit.

Flipping burgers, he changed his beer for water. There would be time for drinking later when all the serious crap was out of the way. The only reason he was waiting was so Gash got a chance to meet all the family.

"I can't believe how different this place is," Gash said, coming to lean against the wall near where Tiny was cooking.

"What do you mean?" Tiny didn't take his gaze off the meat.

"There are a couple of guys here I've never seen before. One of them is f**king huge, but I'm told not to really talk to him, Whizz, the dude that's great with a computer. The other is Killer. That bastard just looks scary. I'd have loved to see him on the inside with all those crazy f**ks. It would have made for some entertainment." Gash stopped talking to swig down his beer.

"I'm really sorry it has been some time since I visited you."

"Don't worry about it. Everyone has women and family to take care of. Did you see Lash? I thought he was going to kill me." Gash laughed. "It's insane. I heard what happened to Nash with the drugs. I'm pleased you put him through the wringer but didn't get rid of him. He's been to see me a couple of times."

Turning from the burgers Tiny looked at the man who'd been put in jail for convictions that had nothing to do with him.

"I know you're not going to like this, but you can't go out seeking revenge just yet."

"You're not the right person to be telling me what I should or shouldn't do," Gash said. "You've taken your revenge out on everyone who's done you harm."

"We're going to have a meeting and bring you up to speed. I'm telling you that you can get your revenge, but you've got to wait for any retaliation."

"Nash told me I could get Whizz to find out where the bitch lives. I'm going to take her out, and then I'm going to kill any man who worked toward putting me inside."

"Whizz has an order not to help you until we deal with Gonzalez. That's a f**king order. I know you're f**king hurting and want to deal with this shit. The club comes first. We've got a full house, and Patricia's grave has already been desecrated. I'm asking you as a friend, but I'm telling you as your president." He pointed the fish slice at Gash, waiting for him to respond.

For several seconds, Gash didn't say a word.

"Fine. I won't do shit, but I swear, Tiny, when all this shit is over, I'm going to take my revenge."

"Killing her will put you back on the inside."

"Not if they don't find the body, and not having a body is what I intend to do." Gash moved away from the wall. "I'm going to talk with someone else."

Gash was gone leaving Tiny alone to finish up the burgers.

"He pissed that he can't go and take out the problem?" Alex asked, joining him.

"You're approaching me now when we're surrounded by kids and women?"

"I figured you'd attack me either way if you were pissed enough." Alex's hands were thrust inside his jeans pocket. The casual look didn't suit Alex at all.

"I'm not pissed. Eva had a right to know what's going on. I'd already told her most of it, just not all of it." He turned to see Eva talking with Angel. The possibilities with Angel had opened up options in his mind that he didn't think were possible. He filed the information away for later. "Do we know if he's been asked to do more?"

"No, we don't. He's not been contacted yet, but I imagine it will only be a matter of time. What I'm worried about is what Butch will be asked to do. Gonzalez is going to play with him, and it's going to get dirty."

"Whatever happens, his family will be well cared for." Tiny saw Cheryl standing with Matthew and Butch, who looked happy.

He saw the conflict within Butch. It wasn't going to be easy for Butch to do what he needed to do. Tiny only hoped it didn't involve any of the women.

For the next few hours he ate, drank, and spent a great deal of time with his wife. By the afternoon the kids were starting to get restless and tired. The barbeque had long finished, and Gash was starting to look pissed. The alcohol was no longer flowing like Tiny had hoped for Gash's return.

Entering his office, he took a seat behind the desk and stared at the blank computer screen in front of him. His men would start entering along with some of the Chaos Bleeds crew, but that would be all.

Running a hand down his face, he was starting to feel his years. It had been too long since he had the chance to relax.

The phone on his desk rang. Picking up the receiver he greeted whoever was on the line.

"Having fun at the party?" Gonzalez asked, bringing Tiny onto the alert.

"It's going okay."

"I'm sad. I thought I'd get an invite seeing as I'm technically your boss."

Turning his hand into fists at his side, Tiny tried to keep his anger locked within. The last thing he wanted to do was anger Gonzalez. They were not strong enough yet to take the bastard out.

Why not do what Devil has done?

His gut was telling him to hold off on an attack. If they struck out too soon then Gonzalez would be the one coming out the victor. Tiny knew his own men and that Ned also had favors to bring in to take this bastard down. What he didn't know was how many men Gonzalez had working for him.

Years ago, he'd have busted into this guy's glace and taken him out without a second thought. Today it was all different. He had too much to lose. The thought of anything happening to Eva scared him to the core.

"We've all been busy. I'm afraid there was no time to invite you."

Gonzalez chuckled and tutted over the line. "You're lying to me. I hate it when I'm lied to. People tend to get hurt or even killed when I'm lied to, and you've got a lot of people together in one place. Do you know how dangerous that is?"

Tiny stood up. "You f**king touch my club-"

"Calm down, Tiny. You're losing your touch as a president. Drawing all of your people into one building is risky. I mean, your clubhouse has been blown up before. I'm sure it'll be easy to do again."

Sandy had been the one to blow up the clubhouse the last time. They didn't have a chance as the club had been divided and The Darkness had been trying to take over Fort Wills.

"We're here for a wedding. You want to f**k up the two couples' happiness, then fine, blow us the f**k up. We've got friends here to celebrate a wedding and one of our men coming back to us."

One by one the men started to file into the room.

"One of the men on the force, one of my men, has been found dead. His car veered off the road into a tree. I've just got the news. Have you heard anything about that?" Gonzalez asked.

Tiny took a moment to collect his thoughts. He didn't want Butch knowing the truth. This had been set up between Alex and Whizz. "Hold on." He dropped the receiver from his ear and shouted. "Whizz, have you heard anything about a man on the force hitting a tree? Something to do with his car?"

Whizz raised a brow, taking his time. "No, I've not heard shit."

Putting the receiver to his ear, he started to talk. "Nope, nothing has hit us. Are you sure it was a Fort Wills man?"

"I'm not so easily fooled. Something is going on, and I'll find out the truth."

"You're not going to find shit."

"Now, Tiny, you don't need to panic. I've got plenty of fun to be had in time. I mean, Devil's the one I'm really pissed at. He killed one of my men and took out one of my factories. I'm not happy with him. Maybe we could make a trade."

"What?" Tiny asked, staring at the man in question.

"Give me Devil and his crew and I'll leave you and Fort Wills alone."

"I don't believe you."

"And that's why you, your club, and all the families connected with you are going to die. You're not the kind of man to make the hard decision. I'll be in touch."

The call ended, and Tiny placed the receiver back in its place, cursing.

"Gonzalez?" Devil asked.

"Yeah. He's disappointed we didn't extend him an invitation to our little get-together."

Gash leaned against the door with a raised brow. "He actually thought he had the right to be here?" Gash asked.

"Gonzalez believes he holds all the cards," Whizz said. "He's mistaken."

"What have you found out?" Tiny asked, turning his attention back to Whizz.

"His father set up his European base of being the king of the criminal world, like a mafia boss, without the attitude. He was crazy, insane, and he was unpredictable. Gonzalez senior in his early years had been known for lashing out and fighting bloody. He'd kill people for saying a wrong word to him. He took out Butch's family and the club his father was part of, and he even killed his wife in front of his son. His wife was the daughter of one of his associates. Her death meant they had to flee Europe as there was a price on Daddy Gonzalez's head. He started to gain ground on American soil, and then for some reason, he simply upped and left, going back to Europe. I found out that his deceased wife's father had in fact died. The reward on his head dropped, which was why he returned to Europe. Then baby Gonzalez grew up and killed his father, taking over the operation. However, baby Gonzalez wanted American soil, and because of that, his European base weakened. He's no longer the one running shit there. It's been taken over by some Spanish guy. I can't pronounce his name, and it doesn't matter. I've been in touch with him, and he doesn't want Gonzalez back on his soil. He wants Gonzalez in the ground."

Tiny saw the tension inside Butch. Something there didn't sit right with him. There was nothing that Whizz said that wasn't the truth, unless there was something wrong with the facts.

Glancing at Alex, Tiny saw his former brother-in-law was also staring at Butch strangely.

"He gave all of that up to come here," Whizz said. "Gonzalez's old life is gone. Someone else has taken up his place. His old allies have pretty much spat him back out as if he tasted bad."

"What are you saying? Gonzalez only has what he's got here?"

"Pretty much. The problem we've got, is that he's got a lot of favors he can pull in. The raid we got a few months back was called in by a favor from a cop. Gonzalez is your average run of the mill salesman until you get to know him. He draws you in, sets everything up, and uses what he's got against you. The biggest problem is the girls and the smuggled drugs. He clearly has connections elsewhere, which is why he has a constant supply. I've been in touch with three people, and I just got another five around Vegas and near Fort Wills. They're backing down and won't answer Gonzalez's calls, but we've got to take him out. If we don't take him out within the next month, they'll finish what they started." Whizz sat back, resting his head on his hand.

For the first time since Whizz's attack, he actually looked normal.

"We don't take Gonzalez out in time, they're coming for us as planned? What's going to happen to the people supplying him?" Zero asked.

"The Spanish guy is in talks to take over from the suppliers. We take out Gonzalez and he's more than happy to deal with the suppliers. First, we need to take Gonzalez out and worry about the men closest to us. I'm working on getting them to come out and talk to us, but it takes a lot longer to convince people to come to us. I've asked them what Gonzalez has on them, but they're silent. Not that I blame them for being silent. I wouldn't trust anyone with my secrets. I'm currently hacking into phones and numbers to get the information I need. It'll take some time, but I'll get it done," Whizz said. "I'm not worried. Computers never lie."

No one could deny Whizz was awesome.

Tiny looked toward Alex, who was still looking at Butch. The deep thought in Alex's eyes made Tiny tense.

"Gonzalez also mentioned about giving you up, Devil," Tiny said, turning to look at his friend.

"Me?"

"Yeah, you. He wanted to make a trade, you and your crew for me to be left alone along with Fort Wills."

"Why didn't you take the deal?" Devil asked.

"Do you really think he'll leave us alone? He wants to know how far he can push. I've got a feeling he's going to start trying to make us turn on each other."

"Then he doesn't know the kind of shit we've been through, does he?" Devil chuckled.

"It's time you brought me up to speed on this Gonzalez guy," Gash said. "He sounds like the kind of person who needs to be put down."

"He is," Butch said. "He's a f**king bastard and the worst kind of sick f**k imaginable."

"Sounds like fun. When do we kill him?" Gash had his arms folded over his chest, waiting for an answer.

"We can't just kill him," Zero said.

"Why not? This f**ker is stopping me from taking care of some unfinished business. I want to do what I've been planning for the last five years. Get me a chance to take this f**ker out and I'll kill him. I've waited long enough for my revenge." Gash grabbed the door handle. "I don't need to know anything else."

Gash walked out of the room without further notice.

"I guess there's no point in a meeting," Tiny said, watching his men file out of the room.

Devil stayed behind. Tiny was surprised Alex didn't try to talk to him.

"What?" Tiny asked, standing up.

"You're lying to me, and I want to know what the f**k is going on." Devil folded his arms and refused to move.

Letting out a sigh, Tiny moved past him to close the door.

"We've got Butch pretending to be a spy for Gonzalez." Tiny turned around to see Devil frowning.

"What?"

"It was Alex's idea. Gonzalez was still under the illusion that we had to blackmail Butch to bring him back into the club. He doesn't know that Butch begged us, not the other way around."

"You think that's going to work?"

"Patricia's grave is a clear sign that Gonzalez believes it to be the truth."

"Butch did that?"

Tiny nodded. "Yeah. Believe me, it was a shock. Butch doesn't like the way he's acting, but it needs to happen for Gonzalez to believe what's going on."

"This is dangerous. What happens if Butch has to attack one of our women or force her somewhere that puts her in danger? Alex isn't a f**king president. He's a jumped up business man who doesn't have the first clue about running a club."

Tiny almost laughed. Alex and Devil were not the best of friends.

"Be careful. He's a Skull, and without his help we wouldn't be standing where we are now."

"I don't give a f**k. He was never a biker. We are, Tiny. It's time for you to start making your own decisions before the club life f**ks up."

Devil stormed out of the room leaving Tiny alone.

When had he stopped trusting his own judgment? Over the years Alex had taken more and more of a stand beside him. Was he letting Alex run The Skulls without him even realizing it?

"Hey, baby," Eva said.

He glanced up to find his woman leaning against the doorframe. "Do you think I'm losing my club?"

"What?"

Shaking his head, he tapped his finger on the desk. "Forget about it. It's nothing."

He really hoped it was nothing.

Chapter Five

One week after Gash's return to the club life had gone back to some semblance of normal. Lockdown was finished, which surprised Eva. She hadn't expected Tiny to lift the lockdown until Gonzalez was no longer a threat. Standing in the doorway of her kids' bedroom, she watched as Miles and Tabitha played together. They were three years old and amazing children. She'd been blessed with a set of angels. Glancing down at her watch she saw it was a little after twelve. Tiny had left to go to the club at seven.

She missed being around him all day. Lockdowns were a burden and a pleasure for Eva. Being around Tiny and the club was always something she enjoyed. The problem she had was the danger lockdown always meant.

"Eva, I'm home," Tate said, shouting out toward her. Securing the baby gate, she walked down the stairs to find Tate carrying Simon on her hip.

"Hey, honey. Is he here for me to look after?" Eva asked. She was the designated babysitter for the day. The Chaos Bleeds crew was still in town. They were staying at the club until after the wedding. Eva truly hoped they had an idea of what to do about Gonzalez by then. She would hate for them all to be separated with the danger still lurking at every corner.

"Yeah, if you don't mind. I'm working on the desk at the dentist today. Kelsey isn't back to work yet as she's still on maternity leave. Killer is doing everything he can to make her quit. He hates her being a dental nurse." Tate chuckled.

"I don't blame him. I only go so I don't have to stress about having a lot more work done." Eva placed a hand in front of her lips.

"I stopped being afraid of the dentist a long time ago."

"How's the pregnancy going?" Eva asked, taking hold of a wiggling Simon. The moment she held him, he calmed down. Tiny and her father said she always had a knack when it came to kids. She loved being around them and was hoping she'd be having another child soon. Eva didn't care how old she was or how old Tiny was. She wanted more kids and was going to have them.

"It's going a little rough. Morning sickness is the worst. Murphy's amazing. He's rubbing my back and being the perfect husband to me. I've got nothing to complain about."

"What are you not telling me, honey?" Eva asked. She'd known Tate long enough to know when the other woman was lying.

Tate looked down at the floor. "It's nothing."

"Don't lie to me."

She listened to the younger woman sigh. "Fine, I'm scared. Everyone is always tense when Gonzalez is mentioned. All of the other enemies the club has faced the guys, they've made jokes. I know there has been a certain amount of teasing, but this is different. It scares me."

Drawing Tate against her side, Eva kissed her head as she often had while Tate was growing up. "Everything will work out in the end. You've got to stop fearing what's going to happen."

"You can't deny this is different from all the other times before."

Eva remained silent.

"Please, Eva, for once tell me the truth of what's going on."

"There's nothing you need to know. Your father knows what he's doing. You need to relax and learn to trust him." Eva released Tate to hold onto Simon tighter as the young toddler started to wriggle.

"Fine, I'll leave you to it. I'll pick him up later."

"I look forward to seeing you. Have fun," Eva said. She closed the door behind her stepdaughter and started walking back upstairs.

Tabitha and Miles hadn't stopped playing.

"Here you go, Simon, have some fun."

Simon padded off toward the other two. Letting out a sigh, she took the time to simply watch them. She loved being around children. They were so adorable, charming, and made her love them all the more. Blowing out a breath she stepped toward the bedroom and started going through the washing she'd been doing all day.

Folding the washing also helped to calm her nerves. She didn't know why as washing always seemed to be a curse for a lot of women.

Whistling to herself, she checked on the kids several times. Halfway through the washing the doorbell rang. After another quick check on the kids, she walked downstairs to the answer the door.

She didn't have to be constantly there to watch the kids as she'd child-proofed the entire room. There was nothing there to cause them any harm or pain.

Looking through the key hole she saw Angel standing on her doorstep.

"Hey," Eva said, opening the door.

"Hey. I heard you were the one on babysitting duty, and I wanted to come and offer my services to help you." Angel's blonde hair blew freely in the wind. Her son Anthony giggled as he tried to catch the length.

"You don't have to if you want to do something else for today."

She closed the door behind Angel, loving how natural the other woman was with her kids. Eva had seen many women lose their temper when kids pulled their hair. Angel didn't respond. Being with Lash, she imagined Angel would be used to a little hair pulling.

Been around the men far too long. Too much information to know about one brother.

"I've got nothing to do. Lash is back at the club dealing with business. I've packed away from our vacation."

"I thought Lash told you to make a decision of where you want to go next. You're not going to be home forever." Eva took the bag from Angel's shoulder, and together they made their way up toward the other kids.

"Lash can pick where we go. I've looked at too many brochures. All the resorts and hotels are starting to look the same. I don't care where we go, so long as Lash is happy. Anthony is always happy." Angel bent down to place her son on the floor.

Eva laughed as he charged away. Out of all the kids Anthony was the quietest, taking after his father. Lash was quiet for the most part, but if someone threatened him then he was one of the deadliest men Eva had ever known. She heard about what happened with how Lash snapped Angel's father's neck without straining. From what she heard, the bastard deserved it as he'd tried to sell Angel to whoever would have her.

Angel stepped away. "He's growing up so fast."

She glanced at the other woman. She wore a long pastel pink skirt with a matching top.

"Lash still refusing to have another kid?"

"Yeah, he doesn't like how bad the pregnancy was with Anthony. The moment I held him, all the pain dissipated. I want another kid, but I don't want to upset Lash. He means the world to me."

The biggest problem with Angel was that she was too trusting and too submissive for Lash. She was sweet, but she wouldn't fight for anything.

"Maybe it's time for you to speak up for what you want."

"Nah, it's okay. We'll have another child when we're ready. Right now isn't the right time. Gash is back out of prison, poor man. Lash told me what happened. Could you imagine? Being put away for crimes you didn't commit. I feel sorry for Gash," Angel said.

Eva snorted. "Don't. If I know Gash, then he'll be seeking revenge before you know it."

"He's a nice man. I like him." Angel moved around Eva to fill the kettle. Grabbing milk from the fridge, Eva took over making them a drink. She placed the baby monitor on the counter for them to watch their kids. Tiny had installed a small CCTV camera in the room, and with a little rewiring, Whizz made it even more baby proof. Eva could see the kids anywhere in the house.

"Be careful around Gash. You've not known him long, and he's just gotten out of prison."

"What do you mean? Gash wouldn't do anything. I'm Lash's woman." Angel took a seat, her gaze on the camera of the babies.

"Before you turned up at The Skulls, Gash was a massive player. Prison changes everyone, and no one knows if it has affected him yet. Give him time, and don't be around him until you know."

Angel smiled. "You sound as protective as Lash does. He always worries about me. I don't know how to convince him not to."

Stirring the tea, she placed one in front of Angel.

"You've been hurt a lot because of the club. I know all the men feel awful over what happened to you."

The shirt she wore revealed one of the scars near Angel's chest from the bullets she had taken, which had been intended for Zero. Another was near her spine and another close to it. For several days it had been touch and go. The whole club had to wait for her to come out of coma to see what the extent of the damage was. The doctors at the time had warned Angel might not be able to walk or if the damage was too severe, she wouldn't come out of a coma. Yeah, it had been one of the worst times for the club.

"I'm not the only woman who's been injured because of the club."

"You were the first one who died on the operating table. We were all there. You jumped in front of Zero to protect him. He was nothing to you, yet you jumped in front of him. Did you even know they were shooting?"

Angel stared at the monitor for several seconds. Eva had never brought this up before. She tried not to relive old, painful memories. Angel was too damn sweet and didn't need reminding all the time.

"I saw the gun, and it was aimed at Zero. I don't know what came over me. Lash was talking, telling me what he wanted to do to me when we got home. I saw the gun and knew I couldn't let Zero die. He does mean something to me as he's part of the club. Lash told me the club came first and he'd do anything to protect the club. I had to play my part, and letting a man die is not who I am."

Eva reached out to take Angel's hand. "You're Lash's first priority. The club no longer comes first to Lash. You do."

"I don't care. I thought I did, but I don't. I love Lash and the club. You're all my family, and I have to say, I see Tiny as the father figure and you as the mother. I know, it's strange but it's true. When I see you both, I know everything is going to be okay." Angel withdrew her hand. "I'm not going to stop helping the club, even if it means jumping in front of bullets."

"It's dangerous."

"The guys don't want us in danger, yet all of their enemies know where to hit The Skulls. Everyone knows that the club loves their women. We're always the target. They need to learn to help to defend us rather than leaving us blind."

For a short time the guys had taken them to the warehouse where Nash had gotten over his addiction, and the women had started training. That soon ended as life changed, they had to take out another enemy, and before she knew what was happening they hadn't restarted their training. Lash took Angel off to Italy, and nothing had happened since they got back.

"We can start up the training once again if you voice your concerns," Eva said.

"I asked Lash. He doesn't want me to do it." Angel sighed.

"Why not?"

"He doesn't think it's necessary." Angel looked sad as she looked at the monitor once again.

Eva took a sip of her hot tea wondering what to say to her.

"I don't mind. Let's not talk about training and everything else." The doorbell went interrupting Angel talking.

"Give me a moment, and I'll see who that is." Eva moved toward the door. She found Rose waiting for her with a bottle of wine in hand.

"Hey," Eva said, shocked to see the red haired woman.

"I know. I've been out of it for some time. I thought we could have a bit of bubbly, some girly chat, and catch up."

"Angel is here, and I've got the kids."

Rose stepped inside. "That's great. We can have some bubbly, watch the kids, and chat. I love Angel. I don't have a problem with her unless she doesn't want me to ruin your day."

Shaking her head, Eva let her in. "There's nothing to ruin. It's just us girls and hopefully some fun."

She followed Rose into the kitchen. Angel embraced Rose before they took a seat.

"I'm not drinking tea," Rose said. "I want to drink wine and not deal with men or anything else."

"What's up?" Eva asked, grabbing a wine glass for Rose.

"Nothing is up. Hardy is busy with the club, and I don't want to be around that many cocks." Rose poured herself a healthy glass of wine. "Besides, it's an anniversary of sorts."

Just then Eva's cell phone went.

"Here we go, Hardy's checking up on me."

In all the years Eva had known Rose and Hardy, she'd never seen the couple like this.

"Hello," she said, answering the call.

"Is Rose there?" Hardy asked.

"Yeah. She's drinking wine and talking about an anniversary. What's going on?"

"Don't ask him that. He doesn't like that, do you, Hardy?" Rose sounded like she'd been drinking already this morning.

"Fuck, please, keep her there. I'll be by later to pick her up."

"What's going on?"

"Nothing. It'll be fine. I promise. Just, don't let her leave." Hardy hung up the phone, leaving Eva with so many questions.

"Let me guess, you're not allowed to let me leave and I'm pretty much to stay here until he comes and picks me up?" Rose asked.

"Yeah."

"Typical male. He's bossing us around." Rose looked toward Angel. "You should know all about that. I have to say, your man is a keeper."

Frowning, Eva looked at Angel at the same time as she looked at her.

"The secrets, they all suck. Do any of you want a drink? I'm going to consume this whole bottle, and I can promise you, it won't be my last today."

"What secrets?" Angel asked.

"Oh, honey, I can tell you so many secrets about Hardy."

"You and Hardy are perfect for each other. You're a wonderful couple."

Rose started laughing, and once she started, the other woman couldn't stop.

Eva thought about the time she spent with Rose. Not once could she recall ever seeing her like this. However, Hardy always made sure that Rose took some time away from the club.

"Honey, we're not the perfect couple. In fact we've had problems just like everyone else." Rose took a large gulp of her wine, raising a finger toward them. "In fact, it has been ten years exactly today when our marriage was the f**king worst. Usually, Hardy keeps me locked up in our house for me to have my sob and cry. Shame he's busy and he can't keep me in one place."

Eva had a feeling she didn't want to hear the rest. For the most part she liked to think Hardy and Rose's relationship was solid. What she was witnessing was telling her otherwise.

"Rose? Are you okay?" Angel asked.

The humor left Rose's eyes, and all that was left was pain. "Yeah, I'll be fine." For several seconds no one spoke. "Ten years ago Hardy started to act differently. He was spending more time at the club and rarely came home. Sex was a chore to him. He stopped wanting to have anything to do with me. So, I decided to spruce things up. I put on the sexiest, sluttiest outfit I could find, and I went to the clubhouse. No one stopped me as I made my way toward Hardy's room. No one knew what was happening, and neither did I until I opened that door." Rose took another large gulp of wine. "I watched him f**king one of the sweet-butts that hung around the club at the time."

Angel gasped while Eva just felt sick. This was not something she wanted to be hearing. All of her illusions about Rose and Hardy were flying out of the window.

"Yeah, that's right. He cheated on me with a f**king slut who slept with all the club members." Rose chuckled. "I left his ass, and he came crawling back to me, not giving me a chance to really leave."

"What happened? I mean, you had to take him back because you're together," Eva said.

"I did after he begged and begged. No one at the club knows what happened. I stayed away for the longest time. I wouldn't talk to him. We lived in the same house, but I wouldn't talk to him or let him touch me. Then, we started talking, and he apologized. He begged me to take him back. Hardy wouldn't leave me alone. He wouldn't divorce me. For days he'd beg me to take him back, to talk to him at every chance. I caved and started talking to him. I'm not happy with my weakness. Slowly, we started to get back together." Rose was crying harder. "The bitch turned up three months later pregnant with Hardy's kid. Everything we'd been building was torn from us because she came back for me. I wondered if I was even supposed to be giving Hardy another chance. I mean, what kind of woman takes a cheating ass**le back?"

Eva looked at Angel.

"I don't know." They both answered in unison, neither knowing what could be the right answer.

Eva felt for the other woman. This sudden revelation was more than she could stand. Rose had been hurting for years, and she'd never known.

"What happened?" Angel asked.

"I can't have kids, so I offered to be the mother to the kid providing she stayed away," Rose said. "She didn't make it. Seven months pregnant she got into a car accident, killing herself and the unborn child instantly. I'd gotten the nursery ready, read all the books. I was happy, or as happy as I could be. This is the anniversary of a lost dream." Rose raised her glass for them to join in.

Angel had tears streaming down her face. Eva swallowed down the lump.

"I'm celebrating everything I've lost, and I'm tired of doing it in private. Hardy is with me most of the time, but as usual the club comes first. Well, guess what, secret is out," Rose said.

For the rest of the day, Angel and Eva comforted Rose as she sobbed and laughed, mourning her life. They took her up to be around the kids. Watching Rose with their children, Eva's heart went out to the woman. Today's revelation just went to show how little she knew about some of the members.

Angel left with Lash when he came to collect her, taking her son with her.

Hardy arrived with Tiny. By the time her husband turned up, Rose was back to crying. The moment Rose saw Hardy, she started to attack him.

"I f**king hate you!"

"What the f**k?" Tiny asked.

"Don't," Eva said, placing a hand on him. "This is between them."

"It's over, Rose. Ten years now. You've got to let it go or let us adopt."

"You hurt me," Rose said.

"I know, but I love you. There has not been another woman since. You own me," Hardy said, picking her up in his arms. The other man looked tired. The cracks in their marriage had been long in coming.

****

Closing the door behind Hardy, Tiny turned to his woman.

"Tate picked up Simon an hour ago. She wanted to murder Hardy over what happened," Eva said.

"I don't doubt it. How did Angel take the news?"

"How did you know?"

"Hardy told me when he turned up with a red face from Rose slapping him. I've never known her to be like this." Tiny banded an arm around Eva's waist.

"They kept secrets from the club."

"It was personal secrets. I didn't need to know that Hardy had cheated on his woman. It sucks." Tiny led her into the kitchen where the remains of Rose's drinking lay. "Makes me wonder if she danced because he liked it or to make him jealous."

"They're a complicated couple." Eva moved out of his arms to put the bottle in the recycle trash can and clean up the glass. "Are you hungry?"

"Yeah, starved. Have the kids eaten?"

"Yep, they've eaten and they're settled for the night. Rose calmed down a little when we got her to help. I've never seen a woman so desperate for a child before." Eva started to make him up a sandwich.

He watched her working, feeling the need to f**k her come over him. It had been a long day, and all he wanted to do was sink inside her warm cunt.

"Lash said Angel came here?"

"We were talking about the club. She likes Gash, thinks he's a nice guy."

Tiny chuckled. "It took four sweet-butts to calm him the f**k down. I kid you not, they were going in and out of his room, taking turns."

"Did you get anything done today?" Eva asked, turning the conversation to a more serious matter.

"We're working toward taking out Gonzalez."

"What?" Her eyes were wide as she handed him a sandwich. Tapping his leg, he waited for her to sit down before he started to eat.

"Whizz came up with a plan. I've never seen him like this. It's like he's his old self. He got a plan, and we're working to put it into effect."

"You're not going to keep me in the dark about this, are you?" she asked.

Tiny had learned his lesson the hard way. "No, I'm not going to keep you in the dark. We're thinking of taking him out in the town hall. Inviting him to a fake wedding and when there is some commotion, Butch is going to slit his throat while we take out his men."

"What have you learned to make you decide this plan?" Eva nuzzled his neck.

"For as many men that Gonzalez has favors owned to him, there are the same number of men who hate his guts. Whizz has got several of the men in agreement. We take him out, and they'll back off. Also, your father phoned me. There's a group of men who want to take their businesses back from Gonzalez. Gonzalez went to them offering them a better deal and then took what they had, hurting them. Women started to turn up dead as he took what they weren't prepared to offer. Girls, boys, and women, they were all found dead at some point. Men are no long prepared to take the fall for a man who won't do shit to help anyone. They want him gone, and they've sided with us. We can start to get ahead. Gonzalez has f**ked with too many people to get where he is, and now they want him dead."

The news had given Tiny hope of getting rid of Gonzalez faster than he originally planned. With more men on his side, they had a better chance of surviving.

Eva ran her hand up and down his thigh. "My father didn't call me."

"This was strictly business. He's been helping the club to get back on its feet ever since Gonzalez came into our lives and f**ked it up." Eating his sandwich, Tiny tried not to think about how close her fingers were to his cock.

"What about Butch? What's he got to do now?"

"No word on Butch. He hasn't heard from Gonzalez since Patricia and the planned raid, nor has he gotten any more orders. We're expecting him to call and give some news out about one of you. In return, we get some more details on the men close to Fort Wills. We get the men close to us out of the way, and we can go to the next step."

"This is dangerous, Tiny. I don't like it. If the men knew you were putting Butch in danger, there'd be problems."

"Once this is all over I'm going to tell the men. I'm not going to let Butch take the fall for my mistake." He pushed his plate away and turned to her. Eva rested her head against his chest, her gaze on his.

"What are you thinking?" she asked.

"Do you have to guess?" He slid his hand from her waist up to cup her breast. "Why do you have to keep wearing jeans?"

"I almost fell down the stairs while carrying Miles. I doubted you'd be happy with me if I hurt our son or daughter." She moaned as he pinched her ni**les.

He loved it when Eva wore the flimsy bras. They didn't do much in the way of covering her body from his touch. Slowly, he released each small button holding her shirt together until she was bare for him to touch.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked.

"Stop and I'll shoot you."

"I love it when you talk dirty to me." With his other hand, he turned her head to the side and started to kiss her neck. She shuddered, arching up to his touch.

"Please, Tiny. I need you to f**k me."

"Tell me exactly what you need," he said. "Don't leave a single detail out."

"I need your c**k inside me."

"In where? Your mouth? Your cunt? Or your ass?" The pain intensified as his c**k thickened. There was nothing he hadn't done to her in the last few years. He knew every inch of her body, had spent hours learning what she liked, how best to touch her to bring her to orgasm. Tiny knew her neck was one of her most erogenous zones. If she wasn't in the mood, all he had to do was stroke and nibble her neck to get what he wanted.

"I want you in my mouth, Tiny. I want to suck your cock," she said. Releasing her body, he pushed away from the counter and stood.

"Get on your knees." He wasn't the kind of man to deny his woman what she wanted. Unbuckling his belt, he pulled out his c**k and stroked the length. "Do you want this?"

With Eva on her knees, she nodded her head. "You know it is."

"Come and take it." She shuffled forward, placing her palms on his thighs.

"You may need to sit down, Tiny," she said, warning him.

"I can take your mouth. Get me ready and I'll f**k you so hard you won't be able to walk properly for a week."

"Only a week." She gripped the base of his shaft, working from the root to the tip then down again. Gritting his teeth, he fisted his hands at his sides to stop himself from taking over and forcing his c**k down her throat.

Eva licked the tip, flicking her tongue across his slit. His pr**cum leaked out, and he watched her swallow down each droplet as it appeared.

"Do you like the taste of my cum?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, moaning.

When he was in control of his mind and body once more, he reached out to wrap the length of her hair around his wrist. She opened her lips and took more of him inside.

Once she had the tip of his c**k in her mouth, he thrust a little more, desperate to feel her mouth over all of his cock.

She moaned, and the vibration ran up his shaft.

Watching his c**k disappear inside her mouth turned him on more as her moans increased and deepened. "Fuck, baby, that's it. You know how to take a c**k in your mouth. Fuck yeah."

Eva released his c**k to slide her tongue down the long vein down the side.

Several times she licked across the vein before swallowing him down.

"Fucking shit," he said, growling the words out as she took him to the back of her throat.

When she started to gag, Eva pulled away and repeated the motion until she stopped licking and simply sucked him into her mouth. Her head bobbed in his lap.

Minutes passed as she brought him close to orgasm. When he could no longer stand the feel of her lips around him, he tugged on her hair, drawing her up to her feet.

"I want inside you."

"Don't you like me sucking your cock?" she asked.

"You know I do. There's nothing I like more than having your mouth on me." He kissed her lips, not caring if he could taste himself on her tongue.

Lifting her up onto the counter, he tugged at her jeans, cursing her taste in clothing. "From now on you need to start wearing skirts."

She chuckled, lifting herself off the counter so he could slide the jeans and panties off her.

Drawing her to the edge of the counter, he sank down on the chair and admired the sight of her na**d pu**y. She'd started to have her lips waxed until she was smooth.

The first time he saw her like this, he'd hated it. Now, he loved the sight as being waxed made licking her out far more pleasurable.

"Fuck, baby, you make me ache for you." He ran his fingers through her slit, watching as she screamed and cried out from the pleasure.

She soaked his fingers with her cream she was so turned on.

"Open your thighs wide. I want to see the cunt I own."

"Oh, Tiny."

"I know, baby. I'm going to have you feeling good in no time." Sitting in front of her, he waited for Eva to spread her thighs wide before he did anything else. She rested her feet on the counter, opening herself up. He got a lovely view of her pink pu**y, creamy cunt, and sinful ass. His biggest problem now was deciding which to f**k.

Tiny loved being in her ass and cunt.

Sliding a finger into her cunt, he watched and felt how she gripped his digit. She flung her head back, moaning. The house was large enough for her to make as much noise as she wanted to without fear of waking their kids up.

"Please, Tiny," she said, begging.

Adding a second finger to her pu**y, he pressed his thumb to her clit. The walls of her pu**y gripped him tightly. Her cum swamped his fingers, soaking them.

Easing two fingers out of her cunt, he slid them to her ass. She gasped but didn't pull away from him as he pressed one finger to her anus.

Within seconds she took his finger into her ass. Sliding the digit in and out he waited for her to scream in pleasure before adding a second.

"Please, Tiny, I need you."

Leaning forward, he slid his tongue from her cl*t down to her entrance. Thrusting his tongue into her creamy cunt, he mimicked the action he was doing to her ass with his fingers. Her cum exploded on his tongue, making him want more. Swallowing down every drop, he flicked her cl*t then thrust inside her. Each action drew her closer and closer to orgasm.

Her body shook underneath his touch. Playing with her ass, he licked her pu**y, feeling his c**k answer in response. He wanted inside her.

"Come for me, Eva. I want you to explode."

She gripped the edge of the counter as he attacked her clit. Within seconds she was screaming in release. He swallowed down her cum, loving the taste. When he was finished, he wiped her juices from his chin.

Pulling his fingers out of his ass, he wiped them on a towel, grabbed his c**k and stroked the length through her slit.

"Tiny, please, f**k me," she said, begging him for more.

"I've just made you come and you need more?"

"Yes, always need more of you." She reached between them to stroke his cock.

"Put me inside you," he said.

Staring down at where they were joined he watched as she slowly put his c**k inside her sweet pu**y. Eva was warm, wet, and tight.

Gripping hold of her hips, he slammed inside her, going in deep.

"Yeah, f**k, baby. You feel so f**king good."

Eva cried out. He pulled out of her pu**y then slammed in deep, relishing her cries of pleasure. Her tits bounced in the bra, but it wasn't enough for him.

Grabbing a knife, he cut into the bra removing the remains of the bra out of his way.

"Love watching your tits f**king bounce." In between each thrust, he spoke each word.

She cried out, arching up against him.

"Please, Tiny."

"Touch your pu**y. I want to see you come apart," he said.

Her fingers glided between them. He watched her fingers work her swollen clit.

"That's it, baby. Come all over my cock."

Over and over, he thrust inside her, going as deep as he could. She tightened around his c**k and was screaming her release.

He loved how responsive she was.

No matter how many times he f**ked her, he never grew bored of being inside her.

The tightness of her pu**y along with the wet warmth was all it took to take him over the edge. He didn't pull out of her.

Ramming inside her one final time, he felt his cum spurt into her body. Tiny didn't care if she ended up pregnant from this. All he cared about was feeling her take all of him.

"Yes, Tiny, please don't stop."

Riding his orgasm to completion, he dropped his head to her chest when it was over. Gasping for breath, he sucked the hard nipple into his mouth.

"I want another baby," she said, taking him by surprise.

Glancing up, he shook his head. "I'm too old."

"No, you're not. I want another child, Tiny."

"We can't have another one."

"Yes, we can. I'm not on the pill, and you know that. You've come inside me twice now."

"I'm old, Eva."

"No, you're not. Do not do this to me, Tiny. We can have more kids. If you're wanting to hand the club over in a few years then we've got more than enough time to have more kids. You're not old."

He pressed his head against hers. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her, yet it felt like all he did was hurt her.

"No," he said.

"Don't do this, Tiny."

"Gonzalez is not dead yet. We'll talk more when he is."

She pushed him off her. "When he is, we better be having another discussion, as otherwise there's going to be trouble."

Eva picked up her clothing and left him alone. On the way out he saw his cum sliding down her leg. He'd f**ked up again. Why couldn't he ever get anything right when it came to her?

Dropping his head into his hand, he wiped at his eyes wishing he could give her whatever she wanted.

It was then he noticed the monitor in Miles and Tabitha's room. He stared at his two sleeping children.

They were angels to him. He wouldn't dream of wishing them out of his life.

Sitting down at the counter, he wondered what the hell he was supposed to do to keep his family safe. If Eva wanted more kids he knew it was only a matter of time before he caved and gave them to her. What kind of a husband was he to deny her?

Chapter Six

Butch stared down at his woman as she slept. He hated sneaking out on her more than anything. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he saw Gonzalez's name light up on his phone. Going into the bathroom, he was as quiet as he could be. Closing the door, he accepted the call.

"What?" he asked.

He'd come to dread this call more than anything. After doing what he did to Patricia's grave, he wanted to pull out or at least come clean to Tiny. Instead, he felt worse than the worst. Alex told him not to worry, but it didn't stop the hatred from building inside him. Butch had never wanted to be part of Gonzalez's circle. He lost everything to the bastard's father. The last thing he wanted was to lose everything to the son now.

Not only was he doing what Alex wanted him to do with Gonzalez, he was also feeding information to the Savage Brothers. He didn't know which one upset him the most. The Skulls was his home, his family. Seeing Gash again after all this time had really shoved to home how much the club meant to him. The Savage Brothers were not part of him anymore. They were all in the past, and he was still in the present. What he didn't know was how to get them to leave town without drawing attention to themselves? They'd come to town because of Gonzalez. He doubted they'd leave quietly until they got what they wanted. He was up shit creek and didn't even know how to get himself out of it.

Should he really be helping a club he was never a part of?

What about your dad's memory? He's in your blood, and you're disrespecting him in not helping.

"What's the matter, Butch? I thought we were good friends?" Gonzalez said.

"You're only calling to put in an order. Tell me what you want so you can leave me alone," he said. "I didn't come to you to be your f**king whipping boy."

"It's pretty simple. I want to know what Eva does in her spare time. Where she goes, what she does, who's with her."

The questions unnerved Butch. He didn't even have time to talk with Alex before he answered.

"It's really late, and you're interested in Eva's social life? Don't you have something more interesting for me to do?"

"Well that depends, Butch. Do you want to be one of my men or not?"

Alex needs you to do this.

"Lockdown is over. Eva will spend most of her time at their home or visiting the spa. She takes care of all the kids when no one can." Butch hated himself the moment the words left his mouth. He should have spewed lies before spilling the truth. When Alex came to him with this suggestion, he should have turned him down.

"Good. There's no surprises then?" Gonzalez asked.

"Eva doesn't stick to a tight schedule. She does what she wants when she wants to. You've got no chance of getting to her, Gonzalez." Please, leave her the f**k alone. Leave all the women alone and die.

"That's fine. I'll be stopping by for the wedding. I look forward to seeing Pussy with his blind girl. I may even let him live through it. Your girl will live. She's got my vote. I like her."

Gripping the cell phone tightly, Butch tried not to give himself away.

"You're coming for the wedding?" he asked.

"I thought it would be a nice visit. I mean, The Chaos Bleeds crew and The Skulls are all together to marry each other. The only thing better would be one man and one woman. Shame, they won't be alive long enough to know what's going to happen."

Silence followed as Butch absorbed everything he'd just said.

"You're going to kill them?"

"I've not thought about it. Forget what I just said. It's nothing personal. I'm just rambling."

Had Gonzalez just f**ked up in what he said?

It seemed too good to be true.

"Do you want anything else?" Butch asked, itching to get to Alex.

"Do you hate them?" Gonzalez asked, catching him off guard.

"Who?"

"The Skulls? They blackmailed you into being with them. I was just wondering how you were finding life with them. You're still in the clubhouse, right?"

Sitting on the toilet, Butch stared straight ahead of him.

"It's difficult. We're going back home the day after tomorrow. Alex wanted a bit more time with his kid."

"I can kill Alex for you, and then you can have Matthew and Cheryl all to yourself."

"I'll kill Alex when the time is right," Butch said, lying. They had an understanding when it came to Cheryl and Matthew.

"You're no fun. Oh, well, everything will come to a head soon. I've got the wheels in motion."

Gonzalez disconnected the call leaving Butch to stare at the dead phone.

"Fuck." Leaving the bathroom, he saw Cheryl was still sound asleep.

He couldn't leave this information until the morning.

Closing the bedroom door behind him, he walked down toward Alex's room. When no one responded to his knock, he opened the door to find the room vacant. There was only one other place he knew where to find him. Going back in the direction of his room, he stopped at the door next to his.

Slowly, he eased the door open so only a small light shone into the room. There on the floor beside Matthew was Alex.

The light had disturbed him.

"What?" Alex asked.

"I've got news."

Alex got to his feet and started to move away from his son's side.

"What could you possibly have to say to me?" Alex asked.

"Why are you sleeping with Matthew?" Butch asked.

"Being with him calms me. I've been out of his life for too long. I don't like it. He's my son, and I'm not going to miss a chance to be with him."

Understanding what he meant, Butch glanced up and down the long corridor, making sure they were alone.

"Gonzalez has been in touch. He's asking about Eva and what she does in her spare time."

Alex stretched, groaning. "Fuck, sleeping on a floor is not f**king fun."

Clicking his fingers, Butch drew his attention back to him. "He's going to make his move at the wedding in the town hall."

"What?"

"The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds crew are all going to die at this wedding. This could be our chance."

"How did you get him to spill that easily?" Alex asked.

"I didn't. He slipped up. I don't think he was meant to tell me what was going to happen. This is our chance, Alex. We could get rid of him."

"Okay, I'll make the necessary arrangements. If he calls again try to get him to tell you what he has plans for Eva. I don't like the thought of her being vulnerable, and Tiny will be pissed if anything happened to her. It makes no sense why he would target her but leave Lexie alone. Devil's the one who pissed him off."

"Maybe you should see this as more that he's crazy and doesn't give a f**k who he hurts," Butch said. "I need a drink to get back to sleep. Are we good?"

"Yeah, I'm going to bed. Get some sleep before the shit hits the fan." Alex hit his shoulder and turned away. Leaving the corridor, Butch walked down toward the bar. It was dark and quiet. For once none of the men were lying around sleeping.

Pulling out his phone, he pressed the private number for Danny.

"What do you have for me?" Danny asked.

"Not a lot. Gonzalez is going to hit out at The Skulls."

"When's he coming to town?"

Now was his chance. Closing his eyes, Butch tapped the bar wondering what the hell he should do.

"He's coming to town for the wedding."

"What wedding?"

"Two of our men are getting married. They're doing it at the clubhouse, so it should be his opportunity to take us down." It wasn't the complete truth, but still, he couldn't lie to them. Hearing Danny's voice reminded him of Lacey, and then he thought about his sister. He wasn't doing this to help Danny or the Savage Brothers; he was doing this for Lacey. The girl deserved some peace of mind.

"Good, we'll attack then."

Hanging up, Butch poured himself a large scotch and flung it back. You're not a rat, and you haven't done anything wrong.

Leaving the bar, he walked back to his room. Cheryl was still asleep. Climbing into bed, he wrapped his arm around her waist, drawing her close.

"Where have you been?" she asked.

"I thought you were asleep."

"I heard your phone. What was it, or do I not want to know?" she asked.

"Gonzalez called. I'm handling it."

"Remember, Butch, The Skulls is where your loyalty lies, nowhere else."

He wasn't loyal to the Savage Brothers. Kissing her head, he hummed his agreement. Settling into bed, he thought about what Gonzalez had said on the phone. What would he do to Eva? No, Butch couldn't think of anything happening to her.

It had to be a test.

How could he warn Tiny without alerting him to what he was doing? Nothing he thought of was a good enough reason.

Closing his eyes, he waited for sleep to claim him. Nothing happened for the longest time.

"Go to sleep, Butch. We'll deal with this tomorrow. Sleep will make everything okay," Cheryl said.

Her words were intended to soothe, yet they did nothing for him.

****

Gonzalez threw the phone against the wall, cursing. He'd slipped up. Fuck, he shouldn't have let that bastard know what he had planned. Not that Butch would be affected. He liked the thought of having Butch by his side while he took over each illegal business. In years to come these days would seem like a walk in the park for what he had planned. Pushing the woman off his dick, he yelled for her to f**k off. She couldn't suck his dick at all and was boring him more than entertaining him.

It was now he missed Ashley. No matter what he asked of her, she always gave into him. The women he controlled did what he asked, but they weren't any good at it. Ashley had been a f**king pro, and she'd loved sex. Shouldn't have killed her.

He couldn't exactly give Ashley back a head in the hope of her giving him head. Chuckling at the joke, he grabbed a robe and entered the sitting room of the hotel.

"What's going on?" Gonzalez asked. Ronald was still awake, watching the television. The man rarely slept, and when he did, it wasn't for long.

"Everett is doing what you asked."

Sitting in the spare chair, Gonzalez grabbed the carton of noodles on the table before him. "Get rid of the bitch in my room. Kill her if you can. She'll never make any money."

"Give her a chance, you're pretty f**king scary, boss," Ronald said.

"I was hard until she put her mouth on me and now I can't get hard. Bitch is a waste of time. I'm not going to have complaints. Get rid of her, kill her, and be done with it." Eating some noodles, Gonzalez tapped his fork against the carton. "So you found Kayla Howard, Lexie's sister?"

"Yeah, she did a shit job in covering up her identity. Tracked her down, and Everett is sorting out the problem as we speak."

"I like this Everett guy. He's got balls of steel."

"For the right price, those balls of steel are all yours," Ronald said.

"Do we have anyone else willing to take over where Homer was?"

"No. The only person I could find was Everett."

"So no one wants to come and work for me. I'm disappointed. I thought I was a damn good boss." Gonzalez chuckled. He scratched his head thinking about the many favors he'd pulled in to get Devil and Tiny. Those favors were long gone, and people were disappearing away from him faster than flies. Several people hadn't called him back when he'd made calls. He needed to get rid of the two MCs, as otherwise everything he planned for was going to turn on him.

Ned Walker had protected his fighters, and not only that, he'd come out stronger for it. No one could touch Walker or his men. There had also been a reward put out along with a warning. If anyone touched his daughter, Eva, and her family, then they were dead. If Ned couldn't do it himself, he'd pay someone handsomely to do the job for him.

You're losing control.

His vision was still true, and he could f**k with both clubs if he chose. Nothing was over until he said it was. He was going to swim in the blood created by Devil, Tiny, and the two clubs. Gonzalez would even watch Ned fall and bask in knowing he'd defeated them all.

****

Lacey watched the men having a drink and playing cards, all of them tense and waiting. She ran fingers through her new blue locks, wondering why she'd gone radical with her hair. Ever since the attack on the Savage Brothers twenty years ago she'd been fighting for revenge. She wanted to know everything Gonzalez did, where he went. Finding out his son killed the father, the one responsible for what happened to her, upset her. Now her revenge would come at the price of the son. Gonzalez was an animal, there was no doubt of that, but the revenge would be bittersweet. The true man who'd ruined their lives at such a young age was already dead.

She hadn't seen the son during her attack, but she'd heard enough to know that he was present. Her revenge would have to be complete knowing the Gonzalez line was dead. There was no other way for her to be at peace.

"You're thinking again," Dalton said, coming to stand behind her.

"We shouldn't be putting Butch at risk like this. He was a Savage Brother once."

"Yeah, he's not anymore, babe. You can't do anything to save him. He changed sides."

"Yet we've not even talked with The Skulls or Chaos Bleeds. We don't want their territory. All we want is the pleasure of killing Gonzalez. We have nothing, no one to depend on us. This is it, our family unit." None of them had left each other to start up families to make a life away from it all. This was all they were about, revenge. It was sad when she actually sat and thought about the depth of the club.

Dalton touched her shoulder, and she tensed. He'd witnessed her in the worst part of her life. He had carried her to the hospital to get fixed, when she'd been bleeding out, raped, beaten. Dalton had seen it. Since then, he'd taken care of her, feeling responsible for her. In the months after the attack, he was there to cuddle her when the demons got too bad.

From what she saw of the clubs, Whizz from The Skulls had suffered just like her. They were not stupid or dumb. Each one of them had done their homework on the club. She gathered information on Whizz. He'd been attacked, raped, and left for dead. Since his attack, Whizz had changed. She recognized the change within him, and knew exactly what he was going through.

He knew what it was like to be split open, chewed up by the world, and then spit out as if they were nothing.

"You've got to stop feeling bad about what happened," Dalton said.

"I will. I'm going out for a while." She moved toward the door, grabbing a black jacket with a long hood. The only way she left the Savage Brothers was under many layers, no matter what the time of year was.

"It's not safe for you to go out."

She continued to put the jacket on. "I've got protection, Dalton. I don't leave without a weapon." She showed him the gun at the base of her back. At her ankle she also carried a small knife. There was no way she was ever going to be helpless again. She refused to be trapped by anyone, let alone the men who considered themselves her family.

Once she woke up from the hospital, she got Dalton and Danny to show her how to fight. It had taken years of training to get her confidence back up. There were times the confidence disappeared and she'd be frozen in a cold sweat, but those moments were dwindling.

Opening the door, she knew in her heart that Dalton didn't want her to leave.

"Please, I need air. You've got all your buddies to keep you company."

"They're your buddies as well," Dalton said, taking hold of her hand.

"I know, but I need some girl time." She withdrew from his touch and left the makeshift home they had made in Fort Wills.

The sun was setting lighting up the night's sky. Folding her arms, she walked toward the town. There were times she preferred to be alone rather than with a house full of men who knew the truth about her.

No one saw beyond the attack. Thirty years old and she was defined by something that had happened to her when she was ten. She wished she had the courage to leave the club to start a life for herself away from them. They were always close to her, watching her, waiting for her to go off the deep end. They knew too much about her.

Entering a coffee shop, she ordered a strong black coffee and took a seat in the corner by the window. She took a sip of the dark liquid before it had even cooled. In the middle of the coffee shop, she saw two girls giggling, and one girl was showing off her hand. What would it be like to be around other women? She'd never sat in a coffee shop laughing with the girls, talking about shit that wasn't really important but felt like it. Did she even know how to have a good time? There was so much she didn't know about herself. Glancing around the coffee shop, she envied all of the people for their easy lives, the carefree attitude they all displayed. Pausing, she saw Whizz was working away at a computer oblivious to the looks coming his way from women who wanted him. Some of the women were with men. He was huge, making the booth he sat at seeming incredibly small. The pictures she had on him were before the attack. He'd changed dramatically. The attack had affected him in more ways than she ever imagined. Unlike some people who dealt with their pain with other vices, Whizz seemed to work out all the time.

She wanted to talk to him. No, she needed to talk to him. For several seconds she fought the need to talk to him. She should stay away. Danny wanted to kill Gonzalez and leave Fort Wills. He doesn't care what happens to the other MCs. She wasn't stupid. Danny wouldn't care who died so long as Gonzalez ended up dead. Getting up from her seat, she grabbed her cup and made her way toward his table.

"This seat taken?" Before she gave him a chance to answer, she placed her cup on the table and took a seat. She was so nervous, and it was hard to stop herself from shaking. In all of her life, she'd never been good at lying or hurting people. Staring at Whizz, she knew he'd been hurt badly by his attack. You're going to cause him more pain. The very thought of her hurting him further made her sick to her stomach.

Whizz frowned, looking at her when she sat down. "I don't know you."

"So? I wanted to come and talk to you. You look lonely." He hasn't kicked you away yet.

"I'm working."

He sat back, staring at her. His hands were flat on the table, and he assessed her. Did he see her as a threat? What did he see when he looked at her? Averting her gaze Lacey saw the scar down his face, the evidence of what that monster had done to him. There would be more scars. She knew all about living with the scars. The ones on the body would all fade with time. It was the scars on the inside that wouldn't go away. No one could take the memories away or the fears of that time spent in pain. The way people looked at you like they were there and understood what you want through. No one knew what you went through.

"Are you taking a good long look?" Whizz asked, glaring toward her.

"You've got pretty eyes. I've always been a sucker for a man with pretty eyes." He had a nice shade of green eyes. They were kind, if sad at the same time. Whizz, like her, had lost a great deal. He would understand her and know not to pity her. She didn't pity Whizz. He was stronger than the monster who took him. Lacey wished she could prove to him how strong he actually was. He didn't need to keep hiding behind the weight lifting or the computers. Whizz was much better than that.

"If you keep staring at me, I'm going to start feeling nervous," he said.

"Sorry." She dropped her gaze from his and stared at the dark liquid in the cup.

"Drop your hood," he said.

Glancing up, she saw he was still staring at her.

Going against her better judgment, she dropped the hood, wanting to please him. Had he been with women since his attack? Did he even want to be intimate, or was it a hard f**king he craved?

"Nice hair."

"I'm going through my radical phase." She ran fingers through the blue locks. Changing her hair color was fun. Dalton did her hair without argument. Over the years, he'd gotten good at it, too. The first time he'd dyed her hair had been a disaster.

"How old are you?" Whizz asked.

"Thirty."

"What are you doing in Fort Wills?"

"I'm just passing through." He went to open his mouth. "Do you want to ask me when I last gave blood or sucked a man's dick?"

Whizz stopped. "What?"

"The interrogation, does it work on all the women you're with? Or is this special for me because you've never seen me before?"

"I'm sorry." He went to touch his laptop again. She didn't want him thinking about anything else but her.

"Don't be. It's kind of cute, in a very weird kind of way."

He jerked back to look at her. "What are you doing?"

"I'm having a cup of coffee with a hot guy in a cafe. Admittedly, it would go a lot sexier if we were in a bar than a cafe. I'm easy though."

She lifted the cup to her lips.

"This is just a cup of coffee. No ulterior motive. You're not working for Gonzalez, are you?" he asked.

It took every ounce of willpower not to show any emotion at that name.

"Never heard of him."

Whizz frowned at her, looking deep.

"Look, I thought you looked lonely, and I know what it's like to be lonely. I just wanted to have a cup of coffee with you." She waited to see what he'd do. Lacey wanted him to like her, to see the same part in her that was damaged that she could see inside him.

"Okay, fine. I'll drink a nice cup of coffee with you."

She smiled as he ordered a coffee by shouting to the waitress. Maybe being in Fort Wills wasn't so bad after all.

****

Whizz stared at her blue hair and wondered what she was trying to hide. He wasn't an idiot. There was something not quite right about this woman in front of him. Sure, she was a beauty, but he'd long since given up on beauty. There was more to life than someone pretty to look at. With Gonzalez hanging around, he didn't trust anyone. He'd done his research on Gonzalez, and he didn't recognize this woman in front of him.

The moment she entered the cafe he'd noticed her. She'd been nibbling her lip as she looked at the list of different coffees she could pick from. The hood hid her hair but not her face. He hadn't been able to look away from the indecision on her face. Her hands had been shaking as she grabbed money out of her pocket. Everything about her spoke of shyness, yet she came over to him as if she didn't suffer at all.

While he'd been looking at her, he'd seen the fine curves of her body on display, her rounded ass and the full tits her clothing couldn't disguise. He imagined her body was full, hour-glass even. Fuck, he was getting hard. He was actually getting hard for a woman, and he didn't have a clue who she was.

"I'm going to break you until you can't look at another person without being disgusted," Alan said.

The harsh words stayed in his mind all the time. Everything Alan did to him stayed with him. There was no getting away from it or hiding away from it. At times all he wanted to do was hide away from the truth, the pain, and the scars.

"Hey, are you okay?" she asked.

Her hands were wrapped around her cup, and she reached out as if to touch him but withdrew within seconds.

"I'm fine." He watched her cup her drink. Her gaze locked on his. Whizz couldn't look away from her. She hypnotized him where she sat. He couldn't recall a time since before he'd been taken that he'd been this drawn to a female.

"You keep staring at me."

"I'm curious as to why you came and sat over here. You're a beautiful woman. Surely you've got a guy waiting for you somewhere."

She shook her head. "No guy but it's nice of you to think I'm pretty."

"You're way more than beautiful." He closed the laptop and pushed the device back into his bag.

"You don't have to be nice to me. I'm sitting here already."

He shrugged. "I'm not trying to be nice. I'm stating a fact." Whizz saw her cheeks heat as she glanced down into her cup. "What?"

"Nothing. I guess I'm not used to being paid nice compliments."

"Well, you should be." If she was his woman, he'd spend all day telling her how beautiful she was.

What the f**k are you doing?

He rubbed the scar down the side of his face feeling conscious of the mark.

"Don't," she said.

"Don't what?"

"You don't need to be conscious of your scars. It's nice to know someone else has been through something that's changed them. You have, haven't you? Been through something that's changed you, that is." She tilted her head to the side to stare at him.

What did she see when she looked at him?

"Have you been through stuff that's changed who you are?" he asked, more intrigued than he liked to be.

"Yeah, it's not too hard to see. You've just got to look closely at people and you'll see there are more of us out there."

"That doesn't answer my questions," he said.

"I know it doesn't. You're just going to have to trust me that I know what you've been through, or at least something like it. I know what it's like to have that fun taken out of you. To be held down while someone you've never known rips you apart over and over again." She stopped talking to look down at her hands. "I was young when I was raped and beaten. I had everything torn from me, but I'm here right now, talking to you. That's all you're going to get out of me. You're not the only person who has suffered."

Sitting back, he picked up his cup and took a sip. They stared at each other for several minutes, neither speaking. The longer they sat in peaceful silence, the happier Whizz became. He didn't need to talk with this woman. She wasn't expecting anything from him, and for once, he was happy.

Chapter Seven

Tiny stared at the three men who would later become prospects within the club. He'd been putting off seeing them for some time. Baker, Ink, and Fighter, that was how he remembered them. At this moment in their lives he didn't give a f**k what their real names were. All three men looked strong, loyal even. They looked like they'd make good additions to his club, and he was more than happy to get them involved.

"Man, look at his ink. It's f**king awesome," Pussy said. He had his arms wrapped around Sasha, kissing her head. His fingers were stroking her arm while Sasha traced lines on his arm. The couple looked happy, content. On the floor beside her was the guard dog Pussy had bought for her. It was sweet watching the young couple. Seeing the two together threw Tiny off a bit. Pussy was a joker and liked to sleep around. Tiny hadn't pegged him for the settling down kind of man. The ring on Sasha's finger knocked Tiny's assumptions out of the water. The man was clearly smitten with his woman.

"Do we need a baker?" Angel asked. "I mean, we don't need anything else to tempt our hips."

"I'm in for Baker," Lash said. "I love your hips, baby, and I intend to work off whatever else you eat."

She held their son Anthony in her arms while Lash held onto the both of them. The picture before him tightened Tiny's resolve. They were a strong unit, secure in each other. Both of them were loyal to the other.

"I think Fighter should be tested against the best of your men, Daddy," Tate said.

All of the crew was here in the clubhouse to be involved in the picking of a new prospect. Tiny had to admit he liked all three. The only person who wasn't present was Whizz. Ever since his attack, the guy had never been late to a meeting. This was the first time the other man was late.

"Who would you have him fight against?" Prue asked.

"I'd have to go with Lash, Killer, or Zero. They're pretty damn good fighters."

"Hey, my man is a good fighter," Sophia said, sticking up for Nash.

"Thanks, babe."

"No problem. You know I like you all sweaty and sexy." Sophia giggled as she wrapped her arms around Nash.

This was his family. The unit he'd come to rely upon and love. Eva squeezed his thigh, and he glanced down at her. She was smiling up at him with so much love. This was why he took care of the club. They were a family, and together they took care of the town. In the last few years he had started to lose all focus of why he fought for a town that clearly didn't want to be saved at times.

"I'm sorry I'm late," Whizz said, strolling down the stairs. He held three files, and the f**ker was whistling. Ever since his attack Tiny couldn't recall Whizz whistling. The good-natured man had been vacant from Whizz for so long. This was strange, and Tiny didn't know if he liked it or not.

"Where have you been?" Killer asked.

"I was getting washed. I didn't know we started already."

The whole club looked at him. Tiny turned to see that, yes, the whole club was looking at him.

"Okay, I'm starting to freak out a little bit here. Is something wrong with me taking my time and having a wash?" Whizz asked.

"Do you have a woman upstairs?" Murphy asked.

"No, I don't have a woman. No, nothing has changed. Everything is good, amazing really. Here are the files on the three men. They're babies in the real world. Never been to prison or even got a speeding ticket." Whizz handed him the files.

Taking them, Tiny flicked them open to see that Baker was indeed a good guy. He'd lost his young wife two years ago, closed up his baking business and gone on the road, settling in Fort Wills. Glancing at the man, he saw the pain in his eyes. Tiny knew what it was like to lose a wife. It broke a part of you on the inside. Even if Patricia hadn't been the love of his life, he'd still loved her in his own way.

The thought of losing Eva filled him with despair.

Nodding toward Baker, he opened up the next file on Ink. Now, Ink was a player. Tiny didn't know how Whizz got the kind of information he did. He was a great man, and it was a shame about what happened to him.

Ink liked the ladies, and because of it, he'd lost his job at the tattoo parlor where he was working because he f**ked more clients than he inked.

Moving to the next person Tiny saw Fighter was a savage within the ring. He had killed several people while fighting illegally, but he was moving on in the world. Tiny couldn't see a problem with the men.

"If you're all voted in then you're prospects. That doesn't mean you're part of the club. It means you deal with shit and earn your loyalty. There will come a time when we will all test you to see if you're worth being a club member. Until then, you do everything we tell you without f**king complaining."

"No, boss, they can complain, but it won't do them any f**king good," Lash said, snickering.

All of his boys snickered. The men were fresh meat and were going to be put through the ringer.

"Then let's take a vote. Who votes for them to be in?" Tiny asked.

The whole club raised their hands. Several of the women did as well. Glancing at his daughter, Tiny saw the wicked smile on Tate's face. She hadn't been smiling for a long time. The club life wasn't healthy for her. There was no way he could leave the club in her hands when he finally decided to throw his cut in. She wouldn't have the first clue on how to run it and be the president's old lady. The president's old lady was as important as the president himself of the club. Without both, there would be problems. He didn't know how he'd managed to run the club without Eva at his side. She made everything possible, and helped him when he needed it the most.

"Then I guess you're all voted in," Tiny said. He threw them each a prospect jacket and watched them all slide the jackets on. "I want you all to know this is not a f**king competition. I don't want fighting between each other unless I demand you fight. This is a family. We all work together, and you will all work together as if you're brothers and your lives depend on it. I don't run a f**king creche. Is that understood?"

The men nodded.

"Good, the toilets need cleaning out and my club women are all busy." The look on their faces made him chuckle. "Dismissed."

He watched people file out of the club, some of the Chaos Bleeds crew and the others from his own club. Standing up, he drew Eva to his side, kissing her lips. "Are we good?"

After their argument the other night he didn't know where he stood with her.

"We're okay for now. I want to talk about this again. I don't like how you keep cutting me off."

"I'm old, Eva."

"No, you're not. You're perfect, but you don't see it."

He took her hand and led her through to his office. Closing the door, he pulled her against him. "Butch got a call last night."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Gonzalez asked about you. What you did with your day or where you went. Butch warned him that you were unpredictable."

"You're worried he's going to come after me?"

"He came after Tate after I killed that cop. There's nothing to say he won't do the same with you."

Eva stared at his chest. "You haven't attacked or done anything to make him think you're going to be naughty. You've covered everything else up."

"I know. Thing is, he's playing by different rules."

"Are you sure killing him is the right thing to do? What if he's got stuff in play?" she asked.

"Gonzalez is going to get killed. He paid someone to whack Murphy and Tate. We're waiting for the right time, and then we're going to kill him."

She stared at him long and hard. "You know when you're going to kill him, don't you?"

"The town hall. We're all arranging for Butch and Pussy to get married there. Gonzalez invited himself. We're going to lure him there, and then we're going to kill him and the men who come with him. Pussy took out Homer. We can take him out. Whizz and Ned are already dealing with the men Gonzalez paid to hit back at us. We're working from the outside in."

"You're not going to want me there, are you?"

"You and the kids are going to go to a safe place. I'm not willing to risk your safety because of this."

She shook her head. "Don't push me away."

"I'm not. We'll talk about more kids after this mess has blown over. Until then, I can't think about it. Not right now."

Tears filled her eyes as she looked at him, cutting away at his soul.

"Baby, don't cry," he said.

"You're not old, and I'm tired of your throwing that up in my face. I love you. I want to have more children with you. Why can't you see that?" she asked.

"I can see that. I just don't want to deal with more kids right now. After Gonzalez, I promise, we'll have this talk."

She cupped his face, dropping a kiss to his lips. "You better."

"I love you, baby."

"I love you, too. I'm sorry for being a bitch. I guess Gonzalez is finally getting to me. The stress of it all. I'll back off about more babies for now. I'm going to grab the kids and head home. Will I see you tonight?" she asked.

"Yeah, I'm not sticking around here."

"Good, I miss you when you're gone. Are you bringing Lexie and Devil? They can come and eat dinner with us. Bring their kids, too. I'll set up a room for them." She passed him without saying another word. He felt bad for putting off the babies talk, but right now, he just couldn't handle worrying about another person. Tiny worried about Eva so much already, and their two children, so more would just send him to an early grave.

Moving around to his desk, Tiny placed the files on top.

"I never expected to see Whizz whistling again," Alex said, walking into the office.

"Don't you have anyone else to bug or to annoy?"

"Nope. I'm not allowed to go back to Vegas, remember? I'm stuck here until I go back."

"No one's stopping you from jumping on a plane and leaving."

"I'm not willing to risk the backlash off Gonzalez. The man's a sick f**k, and I've got a kid and a club to think about."

"You're not going to make any snide comment about Devil and his crew being there for our prospects?" Tiny asked, looking up at him.

"No. I've been a dick, and I apologize. Did you tell Eva about the warning Butch gave us?"

"Yeah, I told her. I don't think it's going to do much good. She wants more kids."

"So?" Alex took a seat opposite the desk.

"So, I'm getting f**king old, and I don't want to start having more kids with all these f**king threats. It's a struggle at times getting time alone with her. I'm a selfish bastard. I want more time." Tiny ran a hand down his face. "Fuck, what happened to easy living?"

"You fell in love, and there went the easy living." Alex shrugged. "I want more kids. Obviously I can't have them with Cheryl, but I've been thinking about the future. I want more kids when the time is right."

"Good for you. You need a woman to stay around long enough to get them."

"I know. Money buys everything, Tiny, even women willing to give me a kid."

Tiny shook his head. "What happened to you to make you so cold?" They'd known each other a long time. Tiny would never have pegged Alex down as the guy to screw a woman and leave a kid behind without checking to make sure first. The condom had broken from his encounter with Cheryl, leaving a kid as a consequence of a dirty weekend. Cheryl was now with Butch, and Alex was trying to make a relationship work with Matthew, his son.

"I didn't get cold. Life happens, Tiny. Before you know where you are, you're old and waiting for someone to make life meaningful." Alex stood. "I think Lash is perfect by the way."

"What?"

"To take over from you when you hand in the president crown. Lash is perfect. Angel is a lot stronger than people give her credit for. They would be great taking over the club you've taken so long to build up." Alex walked toward the door.

"How do you know they're perfect?"

"Because they're strong together. They're a solid unit, which is what this club needs. No one needs to follow someone who doesn't have a clue what's going on. Murphy, he's not got what it takes and neither has Tate. She's my niece, and even I see the truth of the decision. I'll stand by whatever you decide." Alex left the room, leaving Tiny alone.

Standing up, he stared out of the window in time to see Eva climbing into the car. He'd take his bike to get home to her.

"It was a pretty interesting morning," Devil said.

Without taking his eyes away from the window, Tiny nodded. "Yeah, three new prospects. It doesn't seem real, does it?"

"Do you think one of them is working for Gonzalez?"

"No. Whizz did all the necessary background checks. I trust him with this. Whizz can do anything with a computer."

Eva drove out of the compound, and worry filled him. What if Gonzalez was going to send someone to hurt her? She had been through so much as it was. All of the women in the clubhouse had been through a lot.

Running a hand down his face, he tried to fight the fear. This was part of being with a club, the expected part. People got hurt in their world or they got killed. Tiny wasn't looking forward to putting another body in the ground. He'd been putting bodies in the ground for too f**king long.

"They all seem like good guys. I wouldn't trust my judgment though. I got one of our own killed."

Tiny knew he was talking about Ashley. The Chaos Bleeds club whore and overall sweetheart had lost her head to Gonzalez while she was working for the crew. The death had fallen on all of them quite heavily. Tiny saw it in all the men. They each felt responsible for her death, and no matter how much revenge they took, it wouldn't bring her back.

"Ashley was trying to help. It's not your fault that she got killed," Tiny said. "She knew the risks."

"No, she didn't know the risks, as otherwise she wouldn't have been stupid enough to get herself killed. I can't accept that she went willingly to her own death, and I didn't even see it." Devil took a seat, removing his jacket. "Lexie is pregnant again."

"Congratulations."

Should he give Eva another kid? He didn't want to risk having twins again. Miles and Tabitha were angels, but when they were first born it had been a f**king struggle to get any sleep or rest. Eva had been exhausted, and so had he. For over three months they didn't get two minutes to themselves to f**k or talk. Their life had been dominated by what the twins wanted or needed. He didn't want to go back to that.

You're being a selfish bastard.

Was he being selfish for wanting to spend as much time with his woman as possible?

"Usually I'd be celebrating. My woman is pregnant again. It's time for a celebration, but right now, I can't. With our other two kids I had a hold of everything. Piston County was our home. I had a deal going with Jerry, everything was working out, and now it has been taken from under me." Devil stopped to turn his head.

Tiny watched him grit his teeth.

"That bastard has turned the town upside f**king down, Tiny. If we don't get control of him, Elizabeth could end up like Judi. He could have my little girl working the streets or pushing drugs. I don't want that for her. She's my girl, my baby. All of my women need to be protected."

"I feel you, man."

"I need to know you're on board with taking this f**ker out. I don't want any arguments from you or begging for me to keep him alive," Devil said.

"Gonzalez put my daughter in the hospital. You're not going to get anything else from me but compliance. I want him dead. I don't care who gets to end the f**ker as long as he's not breathing and I'm there to see it." Tiny stood and took the hand Devil offered him.

"Then we've got a deal. I love my family, Tiny. I'll do anything for them."

"Good. Eva wants you and Lexie to come to dinner. Bring the kids. I'm not in the mood to be on the bad side of Eva right now."

"Why?"

"She wants more kids, and I'm too old to give her what she wants."

"You're insane," Devil said. "No one is ever too old to have kids. Give your woman what she wants. She deserves it for putting up with your ugly ass." Devil moved away. "I'll be there around seven and bring the kids."

"Yeah, Eva said you can stop over. She's getting the rooms ready for you to stay."

"You're a lucky guy, Tiny. She's a good woman, and you should let her have more kids. You won't let her get a job, and it won't be long before she starts to hate your guts." Devil left the office.

What the f**k should he do?

****

Tucking hair behind her ear, Eva picked up Miles and took Tabitha's hand as they made their way out of the bathroom. Dinner was cooking in the oven, slow cooked lamb with mashed potatoes and vegetables. It was a luxury meal but not challenging. If it was just her and the girls from the club then she would have tried something else. There was no point in trying to get Tiny and Devil to eat something different. They were meat and potatoes men, and they never allowed her to forget it. She didn't mind.

"Mommy?" Tabitha said.

"What, baby?" She walked them across the hall into their bedroom where she laid out their clothing.

"Daddy's sad all the time."

"No, he's not sad. He's just busy. He got the club to look after as well as us, angel. He's busy. Very busy."

She placed Miles on the floor. Her two children started to dry themselves as she got together their creams.

"Bastard," Miles said, yelling the word.

He'd spent too much time at the club.

"Enough!" Eva said, frowning. "It's a naughty word, and we don't say naughty words in this house."

"Bastard. Bastard. Bastard."

"Miles, listen to your mother," Tiny said, snapping at their son.

Miles kept his mouth closed.

"What do you say?" Tiny asked, stepping into the room.

"I'm sorry for being naughty, Mommy."

"Good. Swearing is naughty, and I don't want to hear you say it." She tweaked his nose and finished putting his night clothes on.

Picking Miles up, she watched as Tiny finished dressing their daughter. Glancing at the clock she saw it was six-thirty.

Tiny took Miles off her, holding both of their children in either arm. "Go and have a bath. I'll take care of them. Relax. Devil said he'd be here around at seven. Knowing him I'd expect him to be late." He kissed her cheek.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I'm sure. I've got the kids. Go, relax, and get ready for dinner."

Stepping out of the room, she watched him go downstairs. Moving toward their bedroom, she quickly looked through the wardrobe and picked out a pair of jeans with a red button shirt. She left them on the bed then headed into the bathroom. Stripping down, she turned the tap on. Rubbing at her face, she removed her jewelry and climbed into the tub.

Resting her head back against the tub, she closed her eyes.

Seconds passed, and the door to the bathroom opened.

"Hey," Tiny said.

Jerking up, she looked around for a towel.

"No, don't worry, the kids are fine."

"Why aren't you with them?" she asked.

"There's always a good reason to have a couple of prospects lurking around. They're happy to take care of kids while their President comes and sits with his wife."

She leaned back in the tub and stared at him. "There's a prospect in my house?"

"Yeah, Baker is keeping an eye on the kids. I told him I didn't want to be disturbed." He moved to the side of the bathtub, kneeling as he rested his chin on his hands. "We need to talk."

"If this has anything to do with me leaving or something like that then you can forget about it. I'm not leaving, Tiny."

"This isn't about you leaving or moving away from us." He swirled the tips of his fingers in the water.

"What's going on?" she asked.

His fingers went to her knee. She watched as he glided his hand up the inside of her thigh then caressed back down to her knee. The small touch had heat swamping her pu**y. No matter how angry she got with Tiny, he always had the ability to turn her on.

"You've been talking a lot about kids."

She tensed up. "And at every turn you've been telling me no. You don't want anymore more kids because you feel you're too old or you've been telling me we'll talk about it later."

"I didn't think about you when I said that. I was thinking about myself."

"Tiny, what's going on?"

"Lexie's pregnant again. She's expecting their third child together. You've been through a lot for me and for the club. I don't let you work as you don't need to, but I didn't think how you would feel about staying home all day." He stopped talking and delved into the water to grab her hand. Tiny pulled her hand to his lips, kissing her knuckles. "What I'm asking now is what do you want? If you want more kids then I'll give you more. I want you, Eva, nothing else and no one else."

He kissed her hand, staring at her.

"I want another kid. You're not too old, Tiny. I do want more children."

"I wasted eight years with you," he said.

The chemistry had always been there between them. They'd never acted on it. She was Tate's nanny while he'd been her boss. He slept with everything that walked but wouldn't let her go out on dates. Both of them had come a long way. She had gone back to Ned, and Tiny's life had been in danger before either of them changed.

"Don't. There's no point in you regretting what happened in the past. We didn't lose those eight years. We were still together in some way."

"It doesn't feel that way," he said. "I missed eight years of getting to f**k you."

She laughed. "You're insane, Tiny. We're making up for missed time now. Stop being a baby."

Eva stopped laughing as he released her hand and placed his palm between her thighs. He slid a finger through her slit to sink into her cunt.

"I'm not being a baby. We're going to make a baby."

In and out he went, sinking his finger in deep. He pressed his thumb to her cl*t and moved from side to side, caressing over her nub slightly.

She gasped, closing her eyes.

"No, I don't want you to close your eyes. Keep your eyes open. I want to see you come apart."

A second finger slid inside her as he continued to stroke her clit.

Licking her lips, she gripped the edge of the tub as he worked her up to a frenzy.

"That's it, baby. Let me hear you scream."

Over and over, he caressed over her nub, drawing out the pleasure.

"You're so beautiful," he said.

"Tiny?"

"Not now, baby. I want to watch and feel you come all over my fingers and then I'm taking you out of the tub and we're going to f**k."

He was relentless with touching her pu**y. His fingers filled her as his thumb attacked her clit. She always loved to be full when she came. Her orgasm lasted a lot longer when she came around Tiny's c**k or fingers.

"You're so close, baby. I can see it. I'm going to fill you with my cum, and we're going to make a baby together. You and me."

His wicked words thrust her over the edge into pleasure. Crying out, she gripped his wrist, trying to keep him steady and also move away from him. The pleasure combined making it hard for her to focus on anything else but him.

"Please," she said.

Tiny continued to stroke her, refusing to back away until she crashed into a second orgasm. Screaming and crying out the pleasure, she jerked in the water.

When her second orgasm was over, Tiny helped her out of the bath. He handed her a towel as he stripped naked, revealing his beautiful inked body. In quick moves he had her bent over the bathtub. He kicked open her ankles, spreading her thighs wide.

She felt him probing her pu**y. In one quick thrust, he slammed deep inside her, taking her by surprise. Crying out, she gripped hold of the tub.

"Fuck, I love your f**king pu**y." He pulled out of her only to slam back inside. "I'm going to give you another f**king baby, Eva. You're mine, and I'll give you everything you want and need."

He slammed inside her, over and over again.

Whimpering, she thrust back against him, needing him to go as deep as he could. Closing her eyes, she bit into her lip to try to stop the moans from being heard. She didn't want to walk downstairs and see the latest prospect smirking at her.

Tiny gripped her hips, tightening his hold on her.

"Fuck, I'm not going to last."

Within seconds, Tiny grunted, and she felt his release fill her pu**y. His c**k jerked, swamping her with his cum.

Their breathing was the only sound to be heard in the room.

"That was perfect, baby. You're perfect." He ran his hands up and down her body, stroking her ni**les then going down to cup her pu**y.

"We've got to move. Dinner is cooking," she said, pushing some hair off her face.

"I don't care about dinner. I'm not moving for a few minutes."

"Why?"

"We want to get pregnant, and I'm making sure there's no chance of this not working."

She chuckled. "We can keep having sex, Tiny. I want kids, but there's no need to make it a chore. It's supposed to be fun." She glanced at him over her shoulder.

"I'm inside you. It will always be fun."

Dropping her head to her hands, she blew out a breath.

"We've got guests."

"I don't mind keeping them waiting."

"I do. You need to wash as well." She didn't want it to end but knew their time had to. At least he was willing to let her have a baby now.

"Fine." He pulled out of her, and Eva lowered herself into the water to finish washing.

Tiny sat on the toilet watching her.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"I'm going to give Lash and Angel the club once all of this is over."

She glanced at him as she rubbed shampoo into her hair. "Are you sure? You didn't seem that certain the other day."

"I'm certain now. Lash and Angel are perfect to take over the club."

"I trust your judgment."

Eva finished washing and climbed out of the bath. Tiny held a towel out to her, and she stepped into it.

He wrapped the towel around her, kissing her lips.

"I'm going to wash, and then I'll be down to help you."

"Okay."

Tiny kissed her lips again.

Pulling out of his arms, she walked around him to go into the other room. She quickly dried her body, wrapping her head in another towel as she got dressed. Once she was dressed, she dried her hair and pinned it up on top of her head to keep it out of the way. She didn't bother with makeup, toed on some flip flops and walked downstairs. Glancing in the sitting room, she saw Baker was playing with the kids and nothing was going wrong. She was surprised.

"Do you want a drink?" she asked.

Baker looked up at her. He had a nice set of blue eyes.

"I'll take a coffee, thanks."

Nodding, she waited to see if he'd make a comment about the noise. He didn't and went back to playing with the kids. Shrugging, she entered the kitchen and turned the potatoes off to see they were ready to be mashed. She always left them on low so she had enough time to get ready.

Setting the kettle on to boil, she glanced at the clock to see that Devil and Lexie were in fact late. Tiny knew his friends well, and she was pleased she hadn't rushed through dinner but left it on the lowest heat.

Opening the window, she started to make a drink for Baker. When it was done, she quickly checked on the meat then made her way back into the sitting room. Baker was sitting on the sofa while Miles and Tabitha stared at the cartoon channel.

"You've got no chance of getting their attention," she said, handing him the cup.

"Thank you."

"You can call me Eva." She offered him a smile and took a seat on the arm of the sofa.

"Thank you, Eva."

Her two children didn't even turn to look at them.

"Thank you for taking care of them." Heat filled her cheeks even though she willed herself not to get embarrassed.

"Don't worry about it. I like looking after kids." His face darkened as he looked into his cup.

"Do you mind me asking why you joined the club?" she asked.

"I've got nowhere else to go. I sold the bakery up, and nothing else has my loyalty. I heard good things about The Skulls, and I want to be part of something bigger than what I am. I know it's what my wife would have wanted, for me to find some focus, some direction in my life."

She rested her hand on her thigh, thinking about what he said. It was a good answer, but her curiosity got the better of her.

"What happened to your wife?"

"She was hit head on by a drunk driver." He stopped, and she watched as he gritted his teeth. "She was coming to the bakery to visit me. It was late, and I was just closing up. The truck didn't even see her walking in the road he was that far gone. He hit her, and she died instantly."

"I'm so sorry."

"Yeah, the bastard is in prison serving time. I sold the bakery and moved away. She was coming to tell me that she was pregnant with our first kid." He looked at Miles and Tabitha. "I love kids. I don't mind babysitting for you whenever you need it."

She smiled. Reaching out, she placed a hand on his shoulder. "I'm so sorry you went through something so awful. I hope The Skulls offer you what you need."

Gash was back, and now they had three prospects to nurture. Tiny would put them through hell, but he'd also test them to make sure they were making the right decision. The doorbell rang, and she left him to watch her kids. Lexie stood with Devil, and between them they had their three kids.

"I'm a big boy. I don't need carrying," Simon said.

"I know, son," Devil said.

Chuckling, she took Simon's hand and led him through to the sitting room. "Baker will keep an eye on you."

Simon went to Tabitha's side and poked her in the arm. "Hey."

Before Eva could stop her, Tabitha punched Simon in the face. Instead of the boy crying, he chuckled and sat beside her.

Kids were certainly strange.

"I'm sorry about that," Lexie said.

"Don't worry about it. I don't think they're holding it against each other. I don't think we should." Eva escorted them through to the dining room as Tiny was coming down. He was dressed in a pair of jeans and white shirt. His entire wardrobe was made up of white shirts and jeans along with a couple of leather jackets.

She watched Tiny and Devil shake hands.

"Come on, they're going to start talking and I'm starving," Lexie said.

"Will you be going back to Piston County before we get the plans for the wedding?" Eva asked.

"I don't know. Pussy wants to marry Sasha as soon as possible. Devil still has his doubts about her."

"Why? Pussy and Sasha are perfect for each other."

"She's blind, and Devil worries that she's not good for the club with her vulnerable state."

Eva shook her head. "It shouldn't be a problem. Pussy will protect her, and Sasha's clearly not stupid. She won't put herself in difficult situations."

"That's what I keep telling him, but he worries."

She couldn't argue with Lexie about that. Tiny always worried about his club. He worried about Sophia when Nash and Zero both had a thing for her, but that worked out fine in the end. Sometimes it was easier to take a step back and let life take whatever course it chose rather than interfere.

Going through to the kitchen Eva worked with Lexie to get dinner finished. They talked about the wedding and what Pussy and Butch wanted for their women. The wedding was going to be a joint one where both clubs joined in on the celebrations. Eva wondered if Lexie knew the truth of what was going to happen at the town hall. Long ago she'd given up caring about what Tiny did to make sure the club survived. Everything he did was for the good of the club.

Lexie started to hum as they finished serving up dinner. Eva really did like the other couple and hoped nothing came between them all.

Chapter Eight

Whizz sat down in the cafe and ordered himself a sandwich along with a strong coffee. He didn't know why he was back here again or why he hadn't even bothered to bring his laptop. Being in the clubhouse was starting to bug him. With the Chaos Bleeds crew camping out with them, the house was feeling cramped. He'd spent last night all alone but thinking about the blue haired siren who'd interrupted his work last night. For the first time since Alan had tortured him, he felt at peace. He knew the guys and the old ladies at the club tried to help, but they couldn't help him. No one could cure the demons that he suffered. The demons were locked inside his head, refusing to get out.

He'd never seen this woman before in his life. Was she new to town? His gut was telling him to tread carefully. All they'd done was stare at each other, neither talking, but the silence, to him, spoke volumes.

Tapping his fingers on the table, he paused as the waitress placed the plate down in front of him. "Here you go, Whizz," she said.

"Thanks." He didn't know her name and didn't extend an invitation for her to sit down. There was a time all the waitresses would keep him company for the day. He'd stopped inviting women to his bed after Alan broke a part of him.

When she lingered, he forced himself to look up at her. "What?"

"I was wondering if you'd like to get together sometime?" He saw the desperation in her eyes, the lust, and to a point the greed. This invitation from her wasn't about him but about the club. She wanted inside the club to get to know The Skulls, nothing else.

Frowning, he glanced down at her name badge to see her name was Mandy. Before his attack he'd have taken her up on her offer. Now, he wasn't interested in her.

You've not f**ked a woman in a long time.

For the last year he'd shared a lot of women's beds, but none of them had been available to him. He didn't want to have sex. The thought of letting loose again terrified him.

Why are you here to see a woman you don't know?

"Not interested," Whizz said, glancing down at his food. He didn't want the waitress. No, he wanted a nameless blue-haired woman who was far more dangerous. Whizz and The Skulls knew Mandy. She was a local whereas the blue-haired woman was a complete stranger.

"I don't mind waiting-"

"I said I'm not interested. Now f**k off." He glared at her, letting her see the anger inside him.

She walked away with her shoulders slumped. He'd never spoken to a woman like that. Shit, was wrong with him?

"What did she say to put a stick up your ass?" the blue-haired woman asked, appearing in front of him as if he'd thought her up. God, he hoped he wasn't losing his mind.

Glancing up, he saw she was dressed in black jeans and a blue shirt that contrasted with her hair. She wore the hood that covered her hair and face.

Watching her move, he was drawn to her voluptuous curves. She took a seat opposite him in the booth.

"Nothing."

She raised a brow. "You mean you got pissed because she didn't say anything to you? That sounds a little mean."

He shook his head, picking up his sandwich. "She wanted to f**k, and I wasn't interested."

"Wow, it really does happen."

"What does?" he asked, taking a bite.

"A guy who'd turn down an available pu**y. I didn't think I'd ever live to see the day that a guy would turn one down. It makes me wonder if you're human or not." She smiled at him.

Pausing in chewing his food, he was charmed by her smile.

"I'm not interested in f**king, and I'm very much human," he said.

She placed her palms on the table. He caught a glimpse of the ink around her wrist.

"Why don't you take your jacket off? It's hot." Whizz wanted to see her without anything obstructing his view.

"I'm fine." She folded her arms in front of her. Her eyes were still on him.

"What are you thinking?"

"I'm wondering why you'd turn down some pu**y when you're a hot guy."

"You think I'm hot?"

She shrugged. "You called me beautiful last night. I was merely returning the favor."

He noticed her hands were shaking, but she'd remembered that he called her beautiful last night. Pushing his plate toward her, he offered her the other triangle of his sandwich. "Eat." He wanted her to stay to keep him company. This woman had seen part of him was broken, but she'd also admitted that she shared in a pain similar to his. What had happened to her? Did she get nightmares at night that scared her to her core? Were there times she wondered if ending it all would make it easier?

"I'm not hungry."

"You've invaded my privacy not once but twice. Eat."

She kept staring at him as the plate was held in front of him. "You like my company. I can see it. If it bothered you so much you wouldn't be here, and do you always get what you want?" she asked.

"No." But he used to get what he wanted. There was a time when the world didn't seem so scary or dark. He'd snap his fingers and he could have women swarming around him. Whizz could probably still snap his fingers and have women, but he couldn't follow through. Their touch repulsed him, scared him. Whenever they got close all he saw was Alan. The women at the club, they didn't scare him as they were all taken. Running fingers through his hair, Whizz glanced away from her. The scar down the side of his face and the ones on his hands, in fact the scars all over his body were a constant reminder of what happened to him.

"I'm going to make sure you never forget me."

Whizz jerked as Alan's voice sounded through his mind as if he was always there. He knew what came next, the searing pain as Alan raped him. Someone grabbed his hand pulling him out of the sudden shocking memory.

"It's okay. I'll eat the sandwich, and you're here with me. We're here together," she said, talking to him calmly

He stared at the woman waiting for the nightmare to continue. She dug her nails into his skin.

"You're with me here. Nothing bad is going to happen. I'm going to eat the sandwich, and you're going to be there with me."

"What's your name?" he asked, needing to know something about her.

"Lacey. You?"

"Whizz, my name is Whizz." He took several deep breaths, containing his fear, locking it in a box and throwing away the key. No matter how many times he did this, he couldn't help but find the key.

Holding onto her arm, he gritted his teeth to fight with the memory. The same nightmare that plagued him most nights of him being tied down and at the mercy of a monster. Alan had taken a great deal from him. He'd taken his freedom to enjoy life and have fun.

He watched as she lifted the sandwich to her lips and took a bite. "Yum," she said, eating.

Keeping hold of her arm, he watched her eat. She didn't pull her eyes away from him. The way she dealt with him was like she knew exactly what he was going through. She's as broken as you are. They were the only two people in the world as the rest fell away.

What was going on here? What was happening to him? How did she know what he was going through? It seemed so unreal to him to finally meet someone who knew what it was like to feel pain of the inner kind.

"I've finished."

The sandwich was gone, the plate empty apart from a few crumbs. He continued to hold onto her arm.

"Who are you?"

"You know my name."

"I'm not talking about your name. I'm talking about this." He pointed at their hands. The way she knew how to bring him out of the pain.

"Someone who knows what you're going through," she said.

Frowning, he gazed down at where he held her. With his grip on her arm, he'd bunched the jacket up her wrist. The ink covered her hands, working up her arms. Turning her hand over, he saw the signs of her own pain. One faded scar ran up the inside of her wrist. Kelsey had tried to kill herself in the same way when the pain got too bad. Why did Lacey want to hurt herself? Nothing was making sense to him. Why did this woman have to turn up in his life now when he wasn't ready for her?

"What did you do?" he asked, glancing back up at her.

There was no emotion on her face as she stared at him.

"I had to end the pain. Sometimes we can't control what happens to us, but we can change what we do."

Running his thumb over the raised scar, he heard her gasp. "Did it help?"

"No, it didn't help. It just made me realize how much I wanted to live but be different. Trying to end my life was a mistake. I wasn't winning by trying to take the pain away. They were winning whereas now I'm the one that's winning."

"Why?"

"Because I'm still living my life. No one is taking it off me."

For several seconds neither of them said anything.

"Who are you? I've never seen you before," he said.

She let out a sigh. "Someone you shouldn't want to know." She pulled away from him. He wanted to continue holding her, but she pulled away. "I've got to go."

Whizz didn't fight her as she started to pull away from him. He watched her leave the cafe running off in the opposite direction.

Follow her.

He didn't follow her. Staying sat in the cafe, he watched as Mandy walked toward him. She placed another sandwich in front of him then walked off without saying another word.

Who the f**k was Lacey?

****

Closing the door behind her, Lacey charged up to her bedroom.

"Lacey, are you okay?" Dalton asked.

"I'm fine." She didn't turn around to look at him. He always saw too much when it came to her, and she didn't want to share this with him.

Shutting the rest of the Savage Brothers out, she flicked the lock into place and walked straight into the bathroom. Removing the jacket that covered her body she stared at her reflection.

Blowing out a breath, she ran fingers through her hair trying to calm her nerves. No one had touched her or caressed her like Whizz had to her wrist.

Staring down at her wrist she looked at the raised scar from years ago. It was over fifteen years old. She'd been attacked at ten years old, her innocence torn from her along with the beating. Five years later she'd tried to move on, tried to have a boyfriend and pretend for once that her life wasn't miserable or scary.

Instead, she'd not been able to accept a guy holding her hand or giving her a kiss. The only person she allowed to touch her was Dalton, but he was like a brother to her. Closing her eyes, she felt her heart beating rapidly against her chest.

Fifteen years ago, the pain of knowing she couldn't move on with anyone had forced her to reach for a knife. Everyone had been out of the house, and Dalton had been working at the local mechanic shop. Standing at the sink, she had pressed the blade into her skin and let the blood ooze out.

Dalton found her, rescuing her in time before she'd been killed. For three months she was in the psych ward talking with the doctors assigned to her case.

Afterward, Dalton wouldn't allow her out of his sight. It had taken some time for him to get over her trying to take her life. She'd gone from harming herself to covering her body with ink. Each piece of ink was a relief to her and a reward. She sat down while a man or woman inked her body. The experience always stressed her out, but she did it.

"Lacey?" Dalton called her name through the door. She left the bathroom door open so she was able to hear him talking.

"What?" she asked.

Looking at her reflection she saw the scar in her shoulder from the stab wound she'd gotten when she was younger.

Her body had a lot of scars from what happened. She couldn't have kids because of the rape, and her life had been over for so long.

"What's going on with you? Danny's worried."

The only thing Danny was worried about was getting the chance to take out his revenge on Gonzalez. Anything else that mattered to the club, Danny didn't give a shit about.

"I'm fine. You've all got nothing to worry about."

She turned the tap on and splashed cold water onto her face.

"Lacey, open up and talk to me."

Closing her eyes, she started to lose her temper. Grabbing a towel, she stormed to the door. Flicking the lock, she opened the door. "What?" she asked.

"Where have you been going?"

"Out. I don't like being cooped up in the same place. We can't hit out at Gonzalez as he's not in town. I went to get some fresh air. Is that okay?" she asked.

"Something's going on with you. You're not acting yourself."

Glancing at the floor, Lacey wondered what she should say to him.

"Talk to me. I don't like it when you go quiet on me." He made to walk into her room, but she held her hand up.

"No, I don't want you inside my room," she said.

"What's going on?"

"I don't think we should be using Butch. It's wrong, and it makes us no different from Gonzalez." She let the words spill out of her lips.

"Is this you talking or the fact you've been talking with Whizz?"

"How do you know?"

"You're not the only one who can go out at night or leave during the day. We're not some f**king vampires, Lacey. I can follow you if I want."

She shoved him hard. "You've got no respect for my privacy."

"I'm the one who respects your privacy, Lacey. I was concerned about you, and I followed through with my instinct to follow you," Dalton said.

"You've got to stop looking out for me and move on. I'm not someone you can take care of or fix."

"Do you think Whizz can? He's as f**ked as you are. Is that what you want? Someone to tell tales with?" he asked.

Lacey laughed. "Are you jealous?"

"No, I'm not jealous. I'm worried about the girl I saved."

"Exactly. You saved me, but it doesn't mean I'm your responsibility. I love you, Dalton, as a brother and friend, nothing else. I'm not a girl anymore. I'm a thirty year old woman. Whizz is different. He's hurting, and he was someone to talk to."

"Fine, if you know what you're doing," Dalton said, pulling away.

"I do."

Dalton walked away, and she went to close her door.

"Do you really think Whizz is going to forgive you when the truth comes out?" Dalton asked. "We're going to take out our revenge, and all the truth will follow. You've lied to him already."

Slamming the door, Lacey rested her head against the wood. She couldn't turn her back on the club. The Savage Brothers were her family, but she also couldn't risk Whizz hating her. She liked him and knew in her own way, that she could help him.

Chapter Nine

"You want me to what?" Lash asked.

Tiny stared across his desk at the man he truly believed would be perfect to take over The Skulls. "When this shit with Gonzalez is over and in a few years' time I want you to take over. It's time for me to step down."

"You've got to be shitting me. There's no way you're stepping down. You're not old, Tiny. The Skulls are yours."

He shook his head.

"The Skulls are not mine. I helped set this place up with Mikey and Alex. I don't intend for it all to die when I do."

"You've got years to go yet before you give it all up." Lash stood and started to pace his office. "This is insane."

"You're good for the club. You're loyal, hardworking, and the men respect you. Far as I'm concerned you've got everything to make this club yours. Angel, she's a good woman and will be perfect to help you."

Lash burst out laughing. "The women would tear her apart."

"Then you don't know your woman. She's growing, maturing, Lash. Angel is ready for this, as are you. The Skulls, it's going to be yours."

"What about Murphy and Tate?"

"I love my daughter and I know Murphy will care for her, but this life is not for her."

"You're crazy, Tiny. There has to be another man out there. What about Miles?"

"Miles is three years old, Lash. He's not going to be running the club anytime soon, and I'm not going to spend the next twenty years waiting for him to take over." Tiny had thought this over long and hard. Eva was in agreement with him even though she agreed with Lash that Tiny wasn't old enough to step down. "How about this? You take over until Miles is ready to take over."

"I've got to talk with my woman. I don't think she's going to like this."

Tiny shrugged. "Do what you need to do but know I'm not changing my mind. You'll make a brilliant president."

Lash shook his head. "I think you need to have your head examined. I married one of the sweetest, most submissive women around and you think we'll be a good couple to take over the running of the club? Do you know how crazy that sounds?"

"Angel jumped in front of Zero and took three bullets. She was courageous, and I'm not denying that she's not sweet, but she loves you and will do everything to help you out. This is what a club needs. A good man to make it work along with a good woman to keep everyone in line." Tiny stood up. "You've got what it takes."

"Fucking insane," Lash said, leaving the room.

Tiny remembered the shock that came over him when he realized how many men he was responsible for. Years ago he'd been young, younger than Lash when The Skulls was born. He had Mickey by his side along with other good men who all wanted The Skulls to work.

Opening the desk drawer, he shoved some envelopes aside to see the main photograph taken years ago as they opened the clubhouse. He was standing beside Mickey with Patricia in front of him. Alex was on his other side, and several other men were dotted around him. They were the original men in the group.

Leaving The Skulls to the right man was important to him. Lash was loyal and perfect for the job.

Putting the photo back in the drawer, he walked out of his office toward the main bar. He found Whizz typing away at the computer.

"Hey," Tiny said, signaling to Ink to pour him a drink.

"Hey." Whizz didn't look up from the computer.

"What's going on with you?"

Whizz paused and looked up from his laptop. "Nothing, why?"

"Well, you were whistling yesterday, and now you're all serious again. Also, it has been a long time since I saw you sat at the bar looking at your laptop. You're usually cooped away upstairs in your room. Are you doing okay?"

Tiny watched as he closed the laptop.

"I'm fine."

"Are you sure?"

Whizz tapped his fingers on the bar. Tiny caught sight of the scar in the center of his hand from the knife that had been slammed through the skin and bone. The horrors that Whizz went through had kept them all up at night.

"I'm sure. I met someone, but it was just a chance meeting. At least, I think it was a chance meeting. Do you know anyone by the name of Lacey?" Whizz asked.

"Who?" Butch asked. The other brother was passing by the bar as Whizz spoke.

"It's nothing. I'm sure I'm just going insane." Whizz took a sip of his water.

"When did you meet this woman?" Butch took a step closer, folding his arms.

Tiny watched, not liking one bit the way Butch went on the defensive.

"What's it to you?" Tiny asked.

"With everything going on, I don't think it's good for us to let new people in." Butch wouldn't meet his eyes.

"We just voted in three prospects. Should I kick them out because of the Gonzalez shit?" Tiny asked, standing up.

"Look, there's no need for you all to start f**king shouting. I met a woman in a cafe, and for once it meant something. That's all. No Gonzalez shit, or anything else. Geez, can't a guy just have a chance meeting with a woman anymore?" Whizz stormed off, leaving the conflict.

"What's up your ass?" Tiny asked.

"Nothing is up my ass," Butch said.

"Really? You've been acting strangely since you got back. Whizz finds someone who has him whistling and looking like a proper human being and you're downing him. Start thinking before you speak, as otherwise we're all going to start having a serious problem." Tiny stood up and headed out into the compound toward his bike. He found Zero, Killer, and Nash hanging around, smoking.

"Hey, guys, how are you doing?" Tiny asked.

"Is it true you're going to propose Lash to have the gavel?" Nash asked.

"Yeah, he's the best man for the job. I'm too old for this shit, and in a few years' time I'm going to be stepping down for good. Spend some time with Eva and the kids." He took a cigarette that Zero offered. "Do you boys have a problem with that?"

"I don't." Killer was the first to speak up.

"Me neither."

Nash nodded. "He's a good man, and he'll be good for the club. The rules will stick with him around."

"That's the point. The Skulls will remain the same. We'll all still vote on prospects, and we'll even vote on the new leader. I just want you to know who I believe is right to take over the club."

"I have to say I'm relieved, and I bet Prue will be, too. The thought of Tate, highly strung as she is, taking over from Eva scared the shit out of me. I'm telling you, Prue and Tate could start a third world f**king war. It's a job to keep them apart." As he was talking Zero was smiling, clearly happy with his woman.

"I love my daughter, but she doesn't have what it takes. I'll be talking to her soon enough. How did you hear about Lash taking over?" Tiny asked, curious. He'd only just spoken to him, and already some of the club knew.

"Angel was in the pantry about to start making some food, and we heard Lash talking with her. He's not very good at whispering."

Inhaling on his cigarette, Tiny thought about what they said. Once he finished his cigarette, he walked into the clubhouse in search of Angel. The scent of garlic met his senses, and he followed the smell through to the kitchen. The men had a variety of reasons why they all loved Angel, and her cooking was one of them.

She was standing at the stove, her blonde hair pinned above her head, and she was humming as she stirred a sauce.

Moving into the room, he leaned against the counter.

"Hey, Tiny," she said, offering him one of her sweet smiles. In the early days of Angel with Lash, he hadn't believed or trusted it. There was no way someone as sweet as Angel would ever be able to live with a tough guy like Lash. He'd been mistaken, and the couple had proven how wrong everyone was.

"Lash has told you what I've got planned."

She paused in her stirring. "He's told me."

"What do you think?"

Angel glanced at him. "I don't think either of us is ready for such a responsibility." She went back to stirring with a frown on her face.

"But you're not afraid of what I want you guys to do in taking over the club."

Her blue eyes stared at him. "I'm not afraid of what you want us to do, but I don't think now is the right time for a vote or takeover. Lash only tells me so much. He doesn't want to worry me."

Gash interrupted the moment as he walked in.

"Hey, beautiful," he said, nodding at Angel then at him. "Wow, something smells good."

Angel was staring at Gash with curiosity. Tiny looked between the two wondering what was going on.

Shaking his head, Tiny left the room knowing there was no point in starting something. He couldn't argue with what Angel said, but he didn't exactly agree with it either. Leaving the clubhouse completely, Tiny climbed on his bike and headed toward his woman. There was nothing else for him to do, and Devil was waiting around for wedding news. The Chaos Bleeds crew would need to be heading back home soon, as otherwise it was going to get cramped and way too busy.

Stopping by the florist shop, he entered to find Cheryl working with Alex and Matthew sitting behind the counter.

"Hey, Tiny," Cheryl said.

Smiling, he walked up to the counter. Leaning over he found Alex playing trains with his son. "I see you've never lost interest in trains after all."

Alex chuckled. "When all this is over I'm going to head to Vegas for a few weeks to settle some things before coming back for good."

"This time you're really going to stay?" Tiny asked.

"Yeah, the city life is great, but I'm done with it. I'm gathering everything together to work here." Alex reached out to ruffle Matthew's head. "I'm not going to be the absent father."

"What can I get you?" Cheryl asked, standing behind the counter with a smile.

"Anything Eva likes. I'm going home to surprise her."

"I can help you with that." Cheryl walked toward the large selection of roses. "Eva loves roses, but she doesn't have any one selection. She loves them all."

He watched her start to arrange multiple flowers into a large bouquet. When it was done, she tied the stems with a bow.

"Here you go. If you're wanting to get on Eva's good side I'd suggest adding chocolate to that." She took his money and placed the amount in the till.

"For once I've not pissed her off. I'll get her the chocolates because she deserves it."

Cheryl handed him change and placed the flowers in his hands.

"What's going on with Butch?" Tiny asked, taking the flowers. Alex looked up from playing to shoot him a glare.

"Nothing." Cheryl's hands started to shake, and her cheeks went a bright red.

"Really? I saw him this morning, and I could have sworn something was off about him." He pocketed the change, curious about the way she looked.

"No, nothing. He's completely fine. Nothing new or shocking to report." She took a step back almost tripping over Alex as she did. Alex caught her with his hands on her h*ps to steady her.

Something was off there, but he didn't know what it was. Even Alex looked concerned.

"Sorry, I guess it was just me. I'll see you around." He took the flowers and headed out of the shop.

All thoughts of Butch and whatever was wrong with him fled his mind as he thought about Eva. She was going to spend the rest of the day with him, and tonight when the kids were in bed, he was going to f**k her and f**k her good.

****

Gash peeled back the banana conscious of Angel's gaze on him. He didn't know why she was staring, but it was starting to bug him. Yes, she was a sweet, sexy woman and he could see why Lash had fallen for her. Who wouldn't? But the point was, if she was so sweet and sexy, why did she keep looking at him?

Biting into the soft flesh of his fresh fruit, he returned her gaze. She started to look down his body then back up again.

Seriously? He'd seen her with Lash and knew this woman wasn't the kind of woman to stray. Why was she staring at him then?

He'd been trapped inside four walls with no women for over five years. Angel was beautiful, and he wouldn't have any problem banging her.

"What?" he asked, not liking his own thought. He snapped the word out so she didn't have a choice but to answer.

She jerked, turning those big blues eyes on him.

"You keep staring at me as if you want to f**k me. I'm tired of it and I like Lash, but there's only so much eye f**king I can take."

The way her face instantly changed, Gash knew he'd gotten it wrong.

"I don't want to have sex with you. Far from it." She wiped her hands on a dish towel and threw it at him. "Ew, how could you think that? I know some other women cheat on their husbands, but I'm not one of them. Don't ever make that mistake with me. I love Lash, and I don't want any other man but him."

Okay, he was way off base and knew it.

"Sorry, babe, look at it from my point of view. You were giving me some serious eye action. I was simply responding to it."

"Well, don't. There's nothing going on, and you can stop thinking there is." She stepped up close to him, taking the towel.

"Then why are you staring at me if you don't want to f**k me?"

"You've been in prison for five years, and I know you've had to take care of yourself. Lash told me that prison life isn't as straightforward as it sounds. You have to fight back to show who is in control."

"Lash tells you a lot," Gash said.

There was fire in this woman's eyes, a need to prove herself. He knew there was a reason he liked her.

"He answers my questions, but he doesn't tell me club business. I don't need to know what goes on. I'm his woman. I'm not a club member. I was staring at you because I've been thinking about asking you for a favor. A non-sexual favor that I need you to keep between us," she said.

His curiosity was piqued. "Not even Lash?"

"Especially not Lash."

"Okay, what do you need that's so secret you don't even want Lash to know?"

She took a step back and ran her fingers through her hair. The blonde locks glistened in the sun spilling into the room. The dress she wore molded to her sexy, beautiful curves. Lash was a really lucky man.

None of the sweet-butts he'd f**ked had left him feeling content. Their bodies were so thin that he was scared to let loose and give them a hard f**king. He needed someone to f**k hard and know they could take what he could give.

"I want you to teach me how to take care of myself."

Gash had been expecting something a lot different.

"What?"

"The club used to teach us all how to take care of ourselves. It stopped with every new enemy we've met. The training, it stopped. Lash didn't like me going, but I want to learn how to protect myself."

He shook his head. "No, I don't like this. Lash has a reason for doing what he does."

"Yes, he does. He loves me, and he doesn't want to think that I could be hurt."

Gash made to move away, but Angel grabbed his arm and placed his fingers inside her shirt. His c**k was not as good as his brain, and he responded to the feel of her silky skin. There was no interest in her eyes at all. In fact, she was treating him like nothing more than a girly friend. This woman couldn't be for real. All of the women he'd been with were all about greed and sex. Angel was pure deep into her soul. Lash had picked himself a good woman.

"Do you feel that?" she asked.

What was he supposed to be feeling? A few inches lower and he'd have her entire tit in his palm.

"Erm, what am I supposed to be feeling?"

"I got shot three times because I stepped in front of Zero. I've been attacked and hurt during my time in The Skulls. I don't want to be the reason Lash loses it." She released his hand, and it took every ounce of strength inside Gash to remove his fingers. "He can't be there to protect me every hour of every day. It's not fair to anyone, and it certainly isn't fair to me."

"What happened when you got shot?"

"I almost died. I was told that I flat-lined on the operating table. Lash had to be sedated. He was destroying the hospital, and he wouldn't calm down. He lost his mind. For all of our sakes, I need to learn how to protect myself. I'm not asking you to teach me how to wield a knife or fire a gun. If you could simply tell me a few pointers that will help, then I'll be grateful. Please, I really need this to help my man."

He stared at her knowing he should turn her down. This was between her and Lash. Thinking about his other brother, he knew it would be hard for him to let Angel go through something like this. Lash was completely devoted to Angel, but she made a valid argument.

"If I agree to this then you've got to do everything I say," he said.

"I'll do everything you say in a non-sexual way. I just want you to know I'm not going to sleep with you or anything. I love Lash."

"Then he's a lucky guy. There's a lot of women out there who wouldn't care and sleep with whoever the hell they wanted."

"I'm not most women. I took my vows to Lash, and I take them seriously. No other man will ever know me in the bedroom. My love for Lash is why I'm asking for your help. I want to be able to protect myself when he's not around. Will you help me?"

"Yes, I'll help you."

Gash didn't know why he'd help her, but he did have a lot of respect for her. Lash was a lucky man.

****

The following day Eva was sat at the clubhouse while Rose watched over the children. The strain in Rose and Hardy's relationship had started to show. They hadn't turned back up at the clubhouse for a few days. Eva was worried about them and asked Tiny to phone them back so she could see for herself that they were fine.

"So, I was thinking we could have a peach wedding," Cheryl said.

"No, Sasha needs a white wedding. She was a virgin until she spent the night with me," Pussy said. He sat on the back of the sofa stroking Sasha's hair. Glancing at Sasha, Eva saw the other woman blush.

"Most women were virgins before they were alone with you," Prue said.

"I'm a one woman man, but I'm not going to budge on this. I know your cherry was popped a long time ago, Cheryl, but I promised Sasha a white wedding."

A lot of the men sitting around the main clubhouse room were smiling.

Eva sat with the women in the hope of getting the arrangements for the wedding complete. It would only be a matter of time before Devil and his crew made their way back home. Gonzalez hadn't made any appearance apart from the destruction of Patricia's grave, and everything was returning to normal. She knew Tiny was taking out Gonzalez's men one by one. They were doing it slowly and quietly. There was no other way to do it other than that. None of them had any hope of surviving if they went in all guns blazing.

She'd gone shopping yesterday and hadn't spent the whole time looking over her shoulder. It was nice and gave her a chance to relax her.

"You didn't promise me anything other than a wedding," Sasha said.

"Baby, I want you to come to me all in white. I know you're not a virgin anymore, but you came to me that way."

A few chuckles echoed in the room.

"Pussy, filter," Sasha said.

"But I don't want to filter." Pussy leaned down, brushing kisses along her jaw. He turned her head and claimed her lips.

Feeling like a voyeur, Eva averted her eyes. She found her gaze focused on Hardy as he held a cup of coffee in his hands, staring outside at his wife. The pain was still there.

Placing the magazines down, she got to her feet and walked over to him.

He glanced at her before returning his gaze outside. Rose was sitting on the swing staring at the kids as they played. Her full red hair was tied back, taming the strands. She wore a pair of jeans and a large shirt that covered her body from sight. Rose didn't look anything like the woman Eva had come to know.

"Is everything okay?" she asked.

"We'll be fine. We're always fine."

Hardy didn't sound so sure.

"You cheated on her."

He closed his eyes, drawing in a shaky breath.

"Yes, I cheated on her over ten years ago. We were both young, and I was a f**king idiot. I've lived with that mistake once every year. I thought we were getting past that. We would visit their graves outside of town together, and we were getting close to each other. I don't know what happened this time. I usually spend the day with her, making love, and telling her how sorry I was. This year, I had to go to the club. We've not been the same since. She's withdrawing from me."

He tapped the edge of his cup, folding his arms over his chest but holding his empty cup away from him.

"Have you talked?" Eva asked.

"Not much. We're in separate bedrooms at the moment. There's nothing I can do or say to reach her."

"Was she worth it?"

"Who?"

"The sweet-butt you f**ked. Was she worth it?"

"No, she wasn't worth it at all." He laughed even though the emotion didn't reach his eyes. "I'm completely, absolutely in love with that woman, and yet I f**ked up. We're never going to get past this."

"Will you cheat on her again?"

He shook his head. "I won't look at another woman. I've seen the sweet-butts trying to have a go to see if I'd go with them. It's not going to happen. I love Rose. I made one mistake. I'm not going to make it again."

Hardy walked away, leaving her alone.

She looked over toward the table to see the women were still laughing and giggling. Butch was typing something on his cell phone, and Tiny was watching him. Eva didn't want to know what was going on between them. She didn't believe what they were doing. It was too dangerous.

Leaving the clubhouse, she walked toward Rose.

"Hi," Rose said.

"Hi," Eva replied, sitting on the swing beside her. "How are you doing?"

"I'm doing okay. I'm going to get there. It's just going to take time." Rose held onto the swing and started to move backward and forwards.

"Do you love Hardy?"

"Yes. I love him. I love him so much that it hurts to know what he did." Rose stopped talking.

She watched the other woman take a few indrawn breaths.

"You don't have to talk about it if you don't want. I won't hold it against you."

"No, it's okay. I know Hardy is worried about me. This is the longest time I've kept him at arms'-length. I moved into the spare bedroom."

"You were both strong. What happened?"

Eva had admired the strong connection between the couple. Rose was completely devoted to Hardy and vice versa. Finding out it wasn't the case, shocked Eva.

"With everything that's been happening with the girls losing kids and the attacks, I started to think about everything that happened before. It opened up a wound I thought had healed over, the wound he created. I guess I was wrong."

Kicking off the pavement, Eva started to swing backward and forward. Rose followed suit.

"Do you think you're going to divorce him?"

"I don't know. Part of me thinks it's best, and another part of me hates the thought of leaving him. I love him. It has been ten years. I shouldn't be holding it against him."

Watching the children play, Eva waited for the other woman to talk.

"What do you think I should do?" Rose asked.

Glancing at her, Eva shook her head. "No, this is not my decision. I'm not going to tell you what to do. Hardy is your man. This decision is yours to make."

"You're not helping me."

Eva chuckled. "This is not something to help you with. This is between you and Hardy. It may have been ten years since it happened, but it's still raw. You're going to have to decide what to do."

For several moments neither of them talked.

"I'm scared," Rose said.

"Of what?"

"Making the wrong decision and living to regret it. There are times we're together that I couldn't imagine being with anyone else but him. I love him, Eva."

"Then you're going to have to make it work. I know it's difficult. Love and life are always difficult."

Stopping the swing from moving, Eva saw Hardy making his way toward them.

"They're waiting for you," he said.

Nodding, she gave Rose a smile then turned away. "Take care of her," she said as she passed Hardy.

Entering the clubhouse, she found Tiny waiting for her.

"What's going on?" he asked.

She went into his arms, loving the heat and warmth of him as he surrounded her. "I honestly don't know. They've got a lot of pain to live through. She may divorce him."

"It seems crazy, doesn't it? Two people we thought were deeply in love are slowly crumbling around us."

Eva couldn't argue with him. "Come on, let's go and finish making wedding plans."

"These plans can be put into effect after we kill Gonzalez."

"I know."

"You're not angry with what we're doing?" he asked.

Glancing behind her to see Hardy embracing his woman, Eva knew Tiny had a lot to deal with. "No, I don't have a problem. You'll do what is good for the club, and I'll trust what you do rather than anyone else."

She pushed past him walking into the club to finish making plans. When was Gonzalez going to make his move? She was getting tired of waiting.

Chapter Ten

Butch pushed past Dalton to make his way toward the sitting room. Lacey was looking out of the window, and Danny was sat at a table rolling a cigarette.

"What the f**k are you doing?" Butch asked.

The other men in the room grew quiet as he directed his anger at Lacey. She turned around to glare at him. "What?"

"Whizz, he's not part of this. I've agreed to feed you f**king information, and this is how you repay me? By going to him, giving him hope."

"This is none of your business," she said, folding her arms.

He'd been trying to get hold of Danny all day long. The bastard wasn't responding to any texts, and he'd not been able to get away from the club until Cheryl went to work. This was his first chance since finding out that Whizz had met a girl known as Lacey. He was pissed. The Savage Brothers were only supposed to be in town for as long as Gonzalez was in their lives.

"None of my business? Whizz is one of my brothers. He's been through enough, and he doesn't need you to open up old wounds. What are you doing playing with him?"

"What the f**k is he talking about?" Danny asked, getting to his feet.

"She's been meeting up with Whizz in the cafe in town," Butch said without breaking eye contact with her. "We had a deal. I'll feed you Gonzalez information, but The Skulls are off the record. You do nothing to them."

"What's going on, Lacey?" Danny asked.

"I went out for a walk. I got thirsty and stopped in a cafe, end of story." She didn't look away from him either.

"No, it's not end of story. Whizz is not part of the deal. You stay away from him. He's been through enough already. Having you there, it's only going to hurt and confuse him."

Butch saw the pain in her eyes.

"I'm not doing anything wrong, and you need to back off before you get someone hurt. This is no concern of yours. I'm not part of your club, so don't think you can order me the f**k around."

He stared at her. Lacey's arms were folded over her chest showing off her ink covered arms. Whizz and Lacey were two people with damaged pasts. He didn't trust her, no matter who she was.

"Do you know about this shit?" Danny asked, voicing his question to Dalton.

"Yes. I followed her. She didn't mean anything by it."

Lacey glanced at Dalton, shooting him a glare. What was she upset about?

"I don't care what happens. You stay away from Whizz or I'm done. I'm not feeding information for you to hurt my club." Butch pointed a finger at Lacey.

"We were your club once," Danny said.

"All of us know I've not been a Savage Brother in a long time. I gave up that title when I started working for Tiny. I'm helping you because you deserve the chance to take your revenge. I'm not helping any more than that."

Butch stared at her for several more seconds before pulling away and going outside. His cell phone buzzed the moment he exited the building. Seeing Gonzalez's name light up the screen, his gut dropped. The Skulls were slowly gaining ground over men Gonzalez had put in place to hurt them. He couldn't wait until it was all over.

"Hello," he said.

"Hey. I've got a job for you and The Skulls. It's important and requires a delivery." Listening to the instructions, Butch didn't like it. One delivery before the wedding. What was the catch? Butch didn't know what the catch was.

"Why are you phoning me and not Tiny?" Butch asked.

"Tiny knows about the delivery. He's agreed, and the Chaos Bleeds crew is going with him. What I want for you to do is make sure they stay away. I don't want them back in Fort Wills for the night."

Butch didn't like this.

"Fine, I'll do it."

"Good man. You see, Butch, we're going to be good together. You'll see it in no time."

"What are you going to do?" Butch asked.

"I'm making plans, Butch. I can't trust you completely yet, but there'll be time for that soon. I know we can't meet each other until I come down for the wedding. Don't worry, I'll bring you up to speed with what I've got going on when we see each other next." Gonzalez hung up the phone.

Gritting his teeth, Butch hated Gonzalez's voice. The Italian accent was really starting to grate on his nerves.

Typing in Alex's number, he pressed the cell to his ear and waited for the other man to answer.

"What's going on?"

"Gonzalez wants me to keep the crew out of Fort Wills overnight. He didn't say why."

"What did he say?"

"That he couldn't trust me with what he has planned. He's coming for the wedding, and he's going to bring me up to speed on everything he's got planned. I don't like this, Alex. He's going to do something while we're out of town."

Alex cursed. "I knew this wasn't an easy f**king run."

Walking in the direction of the florist, Butch listened as Alex cursed down the line.

"I'll deal with it."

In the next moment, Alex hung up.

Entering the florist, Butch watched his woman serve a customer. What the hell was he going to do? Between working for Alex against Gonzalez and feeding the Savage Brothers information, he was slowly losing himself. He didn't know what to say or do. His club was starting to notice that he was falling apart.

Hearing Whizz say Lacey's name, he'd started to feel his world shatter around him. He couldn't let anything bad happen, no matter what.

****

"What the f**k was that?" Danny asked, yelling.

Lacey was shaking inside. She couldn't let anyone see what was going on. For the last couple of days she'd forced herself not to go to Whizz. It was breaking her apart, but she made sure not to leave the house.

"It's nothing."

"It sure as f**k doesn't sound like nothing to me." Danny stood right in front of her. His entire body shook with rage. "We're here for revenge, Lacey. We're not here to make a f**king family and settle down to become part of the shit-"

"I know that. You don't think I know how important this entire f**king operation to you is? This is all you've been working toward, Danny. Getting revenge on Gonzalez is all you care about."

"There was a time it mattered to you," Dalton said.

Turning to look at her friend, she saw the pain in his eyes.

"It doesn't matter what we all want. The real man who set about hurting and killing us is dead. We're still only accepting second best in taking out his son." She pushed past them.

"Where are you going?" Danny asked, following her. The rest of the club stayed seated.

She ignored all of them, heading toward the door. "Out!"

"You going to see Whizz again?"

Grabbing the jacket, she placed her hand on the door. Danny caught hold of her making her yelp. No one touched her apart from Dalton and Whizz.

"Danny, let her go," Dalton said.

"No, I'm not letting her go until she answers our f**king questions. I'm done with letting shit slide. We're here for one thing and that's to get revenge on the bastard who tried to destroy us. We're not dead, and I'm not going to let you get away with ruining our chance."

"Get the f**k off me," Lacey said.

He tightened his grip around her wrists.

She panicked and then focused on the pain he was inflicting.

"Danny!"

Drawing her knee up, she slammed him in the balls. Danny dropped her hands instantly. Bringing her hand back into a fist, she punched him in the face. "Don't f**king touch me again," she said, yelling.

"Lacey?" Dalton asked.

She didn't stay around to talk. Opening the front door, she charged out into the sunlight. Putting the jacket on, she ignored Dalton's call.

Right now she didn't need to hear what they had to say. Her entire body was shaking. Danny had never touched her in anger before. In fact, no one had ever touched her other than Dalton.

Putting the hood up over her head, she folded her arms and moved away from the house they were all cooped up in. The house was starting to get to each of them. She knew Danny didn't mean anything bad by what he did. He hated that they all had to wait to get revenge. Gonzalez had taken from all of them, and yet he was still walking around, causing death and pain wherever he went.

She stopped outside of the Fort Wills graveyard. Holding onto the rail, she stared at all of the gravestones, marking someone's name and relation in the world.

Going to the open gate, she slid inside. In the far corner she saw a grave that was covered over by a tent of some kind. Ignoring it, she moved toward the bench in the opposite direction. The surrounding trees and bushes provided enough shelter for her to not be seen.

Lacey placed her hands out in front of her and saw them shake.

Flicking them out, she tried to force the shaking out of her hands.

Crap, she needed to go back home and apologize to Danny. She'd kneed him in the nuts, and that wasn't going to go down well for him. He wouldn't hit her, but he'd be pissed and in pain.

Leaning her arms on her knees, she held her head in her hands.

Fucked up.

She wished there was something else she could do to take away the pain that this revenge was opening up. The whole club seemed to think that once they killed Gonzalez it would be like a magical switch where they were all better. Lacey wasn't under any illusion. She knew it wasn't going to be as easy as others made it sound. When she was around Whizz, he made her forget everything else and simply focus on him. He didn't deserve to be in any kind of pain.

"I thought that was you," Whizz said, taking a seat beside her.

"What?"

"I was passing by when I saw you. The jacket is the key. It makes it all look distinctive. The jacket lady."

She laughed.

Whizz rested with his arms spread out along the back of the bench. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. I just had a falling out with my family."

"I didn't know you had a family."

"It's a selected family. We're not going to be around for long. We're only here for a short time. When we've done what we need to do then we're leaving." She didn't like the thought of leaving.

"You're going to leave then."

"Yeah, not for a few months yet. We're waiting for something." Running fingers through her hair, she shook her head. "Forget I said anything."

"No, I like listening to you talk. I've been thinking about you," he said.

Jerking to the side, she turned to look at him.

"Why?"

"You made an impact on my life, and now I can't stop thinking about you. You're in here now." He pointed at his head.

Should she tell him that he'd been in her head?

"What do you want me to say?" she asked.

"Nothing. I don't want you to say anything." For several minutes they sat at the graveyard where so many people were laid to rest for others to remember. It had been years since she went to visit her parents and brother. They were laid to rest along with all of the Savage Brothers MC. There weren't any marked graves, simply the remains of the building that once used to be their clubhouse.

"Do you want to go for a walk with me?" Whizz asked.

"No, it's okay." She couldn't risk being seen by Butch. Lacey got the feeling Butch would ruin the club's chance of revenge. She didn't agree with what they were doing to Butch, but she knew they deserved a chance to find some solace.

"We don't have to go walking through town. I can see you don't want a lot of people around you."

"How?" she asked.

"Spending your time at a graveyard gives away you want some privacy."

What harm would it do to walk with him a little while? He took hold of her hand. Together they walked out of the graveyard. Lacey wasn't scared as they took off in the direction away from town.

Her hand was nice and warm within his. She closed her eyes for seconds just enjoying the feel of his hand around hers.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Yes, this is nice. Different, but nice."

"I like taking walks. They help to clear my head when nothing else will."

"Do you still get nightmares?" she asked, running her thumb over the scar of his palm.

He squeezed her hand and didn't answer. They started to walk along a dark alleyway. Whizz made her feel safe, happy. He tugged her toward the wall and stopped.

"What are you doing?" she asked. He caught her hand above her head.

"Who are you?" His question caught her off guard.

"I told you I'm Lacey."

"Lacey who?"

She shook her head. "This is not how this works, Whizz. I'm not going to give you my name so you can run a check on me."

"What makes you think I'm going to run anything on you?"

"I saw the way you were with that laptop and your name. I bet you've got a thing for computers and know your way around anything, even a government system filled with identities. I'm not an idiot." He held her trapped against the wall, and yet she wasn't frightened. Whizz wouldn't hurt her.

She licked her lips, and she noticed his gaze dropped to the action.

"I'm going to find out who you are."

They were alone down a dark alley. She was an idiot for being pulled out of the open.

"Then continue trying to find answers. I've got nothing to hide."

Whizz stared at her lips then returned his gaze back to her eyes. The tension inside him changed. Heat flooded her pu**y at the way he was staring at her.

The distance between them grew less as he got closer. Within the next second, his lips were on hers.

Gasping, she opened her mouth, and Whizz took advantage pressing his tongue inside her mouth.

Moaning, she circled her arm around his neck. Whizz released her hand to sink his hand within her hair. The hood was pushed out of the way as he deepened the kiss.

He lifted her up off the ground, and she wrapped her legs around his waist as he pressed her up against the wall.

"Fuck!" He cursed, kissing down her neck.

She didn't know what was happening to her, only that she couldn't control the pleasure.

One hand moved from her ass to cup her br**sts. Crying out, Lacey didn't fight him as he started to tear at her jeans. He released her long enough to release the belt holding them up. She worked the belt on his jeans, and then he was lifting her up with his hands on her ass. Lacey didn't care that she was partly naked. He ran the tip of his c**k through her slit, positioned himself at her entrance, and slammed inside. Neither of them took their time in bringing them pleasure. She'd been wet from the moment he held her hands above her head.

Lacey cried out, biting down on his shoulder as the pleasure and pain collided. He was the first man in twenty years she'd been with. All of the other men she'd tried to be with hadn't succeeded. The horrible memories of the past wouldn't rest with other men. She didn't know what it was about Whizz. He completed her somehow. Maybe it was because of the pain he suffered before, but whatever it was, she loved the feel of him inside her.

"Fuck, you're incredibly tight."

She blocked out everything else and focused on Whizz. He pulled out of her body only to press deeper inside her. Both of his hands held her tight against him. She knew, in her heart, that this was the first time he'd been with a woman since his own attack. It wasn't easy to put yourself out there after an attack. She'd tried and failed over the years. Whizz was the first man she'd allowed within her body. Lacey knew deep in her heart that he would also be the last man she was with.

Whizz stared up into her eyes.

They were connected in more ways than they even realized. She didn't want to let him go.

Over and over, he f**ked her against the wall, drawing the pleasure out. The world passed them by, and Lacey wouldn't have spent the afternoon doing anything else but feeling him glide inside her.

Chapter Eleven

Whenever Tiny was away on a ride, Eva tended to spend most of her time at home taking care of the kids and keeping to herself. This time Baker was sticking around at Tiny's orders while she tried to arrange the town hall for the wedding. Tiny and Alex's instructions had been for her to organize the town hall making it easier to target Gonzalez and his men.

Putting the phone down, Eva put the price of the town hall down beside the quotes she was getting. It would be cheaper for her to organize the wedding at the clubhouse. Renting out the town hall was expensive. She knew many couples had gone to the town hall to be married. Were they overcharging her because of The Skulls?

"What's the matter?" Baker asked, sitting in the chair with a sleeping Tabitha on his chest.

It was such a shame that Baker didn't have a family of his own. He would have been an amazing father.

"I'm getting prices for this double wedding. Tiny wants it at the town hall and so do the couples." She blew out a breath. "I think I'm being overcharged because of who I am."

"Then go and visit them or get a quote from someone who has used the town hall before. Once you get the price, you can go back and start to haggle over the price."

Miles was lying beside her sleeping deeply.

"Are you happy at The Skulls?" she asked, resting her chin on her hand.

"It's interesting. I never expected to enjoy being around so many people. When Sammy died, I lost everything. I didn't want to be around anyone. At the club, they don't give you time to think about what you've lost. I need that right now in my life."

Eva smiled. "I'm sorry you've lost so much, but I'm glad you're finding a way to cope. It's how it should be."

The house phone rang interrupting their moment.

"I'll be back."

Answering the phone, she listened to Angel complain over the line. Lash had called and was begging her to stay with Eva so she wasn't alone.

"I'm really sorry to do this, but I don't want him worrying while he's away. Will it be okay if I come and camp out with you?" Angel asked.

"Sure. Do you want me to send Baker to come and get you?"

"Nah, Ink's here and he can drive me to you. He can then go and do something back at the club. I've already got the deal with Lash that he can go back to the clubhouse. Baker's to stay with us though."

Agreeing, Eva put the phone back and walked into the sitting room. Baker was staring up at the ceiling.

"Angel's on her way over. She's going to be staying with us until the guys get back."

Baker nodded.

"I'm going to make you a drink. You're really good with kids," she said.

"Thank you."

Leaving him alone, she walked into the kitchen and set about making a drink. Angel turned up carrying several bags for herself and Anthony. Leaving the kids with Baker, both women set up an extra bed in the kids' bedroom then arranged for Angel to sleep in one of the guest bedrooms.

"I swear, I don't think Lash trusts me on my own. I've never given him any cause to be worried."

Eva chuckled. "He's not worried about you, honey. He's worried about the men out there who'd hurt you. If Lash thought there was anything wrong with you, then he wouldn't have married you."

Angel laughed. "I've gone a little crazy in my time."

Shaking her head at the joke, Eva finished putting the blankets on the bed before making her way downstairs. With the kids and Baker, the two women played games in the sitting room. Hours passed as the kids were giggling from the antics of Baker. She really did like the new prospects. At around four, she got a call from Tiny, checking up on her and to make sure she was safe. She tried to soothe his concern, but there wasn't much she could say.

Eva knew how much Tiny hated doing these kinds of runs.

"How is Baker doing?" Tiny asked.

"He's a star, Tiny. I can't complain. He's brilliant with the kids, and he knows what he's doing."

"I don't want you to leave the house without him with you."

"Nothing is going to happen. He'll take care of me. All you need to be concerned about is getting the job done."

Tiny had told her what Butch found out from Gonzalez. She knew something was going to happen while the boys were away, she just didn't know what.

"I wish I was home with you," he said.

"I wish you were here as well. It won't be long, and we'll both be safe and so will the club. Come back to me in one piece."

"I will. Love you, baby."

"I love you, too."

When she got off the phone with him, she walked into the kitchen to make dinner. The time passed easily with all of them enjoying their time.

By nightfall, Baker helped to bathe the kids. She left Angel to finish talking with Lash on her cell phone.

"Today has been the best day of my life," Baker said. "Your kids are perfect."

"Thank you."

"Lash!" Angel's scream filled the air.

Eva didn't give Baker chance to rush after Angel. Gut instinct had her running downstairs, and she followed the noise of Angel screaming.

Rounding the corner and entering the kitchen, she saw a large man holding Angel against his body while she fought to get free. She stamped on his foot multiple times. Eva watched, amazed, as Angel flung her head back hitting him in the nose.

The man was dazed for several seconds. Angel made to get away. The guy grabbed her and slammed her against the counter hard. Angel disappeared from view as she collapsed in a heap on the floor.

When she saw the man go to kick Angel, Eva was pulled out of her trance. Charging at the man, Eva threw her weight at him.

He shoved her off him, slamming his fist into her face. Reeling back from the attack, Eva crashed against the cooker, knocking the pan onto the floor. He charged at her, but Baker knocked him back.

Getting to her feet, Eva watched as Baker unleashed his fists, slamming them into the guy's face. Seeing her cell phone on the floor, Eva crawled over to it and picked it up.

"Hello," Eva said, wincing at the pain.

She put her back against the cupboard and watched as Baker hit the man with one of her saucepans. Their attacker went down in a heap on the floor.

"Eva? What's going on? Where's Angel?" Lash asked, panicked.

Angel smiled at her, getting to her feet.

"We're okay. Baker just saved us." Baker stood at her feet and signaled for the phone. She handed it to him without a fight.

"Someone just came in through the back and attacked Angel. Before I got a chance he hurt Eva. Both women look okay, and I'll keep an eye on him." Baker was silent for several moments. "He's alive but unconscious." He nodded. "Okay, I'll do that."

He closed the phone and handed it to her. "Do you have anything for me to tie him up? Lash and Tiny want him alive to question."

"I'll get the rope Tiny keeps on hand just in case this happens." Eva got to her feet, wincing. She was going to be bruised from where he threw her against the cooker. Walking out of the kitchen, she went into Tiny's office. She typed the key into the safe and pulled out the rope.

Walking back into the kitchen she saw Baker lifting the man up and placing him on one of her sturdy wooden chairs.

Handing him the rope, she saw Angel was sitting at the counter, holding her stomach.

"Are you okay?" Eva asked.

"I put the safety gate in place for the kids. They're watching a movie, but if you want to check on them you can."

Eva nodded. She was going to make sure they were both okay before she went to the kids. Worrying the young ones was not a good idea for her.

"Yeah, I'm fine," Angel said.

Not believing her, she walked toward Angel and lifted her shirt up to see the bruises forming over her stomach.

"Really, Eva, I'm fine. It just hurts that's all. He wasn't the nicest of men. Being thrown against a counter takes some time to get accustomed to." Angel tried to make a joke of it.

"I want you ladies out of the kitchen."

"That bastard attacked us. Don't you think we've got a right to know why?" Angel asked.

"Whatever you've got to say can be discussed with Tiny. I'm not about to have my ass handed to me within days of the job. I want you both out of here and away from this."

Seeing Baker wasn't going to budge, Eva helped Angel out of the room. Together they made their way upstairs to the bathroom.

Eva went to pop her head around the corner. "I wouldn't do that if I was you," Angel said.

"Why?"

"You've got a bruise all over your face. It's not particularly pretty, and the kids are going to ask questions."

"Okay, you talk to them, and I'll go and get the bathroom ready for us."

She passed the kids without looking in. Eva listened to Angel talking to all of them. Opening the bathroom door, Eva looked at her reflection and winced. Her jaw was starting to come out, and her face looked slightly swollen from the attack.

"See what I mean?" Angel asked.

"Yeah."

Together, the two women started to go over their bruises and make sure there was nothing wrong with either of them.

"Tiny wants Lash to take over from The Skulls in a few years' time," Angel said.

"I know."

"We're not ready for that."

"Then it's a good job you've got a couple of years before you need to start worrying. Tiny won't give the club over to you until he's sure that you're ready to take over."

She lifted Angel's shirt up and over her head. She wore a red lacy bra. The only person who'd buy Angel something so sexy was Lash. Eva couldn't help but smile at the charming couple.

She saw the bruise on Angel's arm and across her side from the fight.

"You're going to be okay."

"I hope the club will be okay. I think Gonzalez has finally started to attack."

Eva couldn't argue with her. She only hoped they all survived the end of it.

****

Tiny stormed into his house with Lash and several of his men behind him.

"Eva!" He yelled her name, needing to see that she was okay.

Baker rounded the corner. "She's upstairs. I've not let either woman near this bastard. I got them out of the way for you."

Going down the long corridor, he rounded the corner to see the man tied to one of Eva's fancy chairs. The man was awake and showing no signs of remorse in his eyes.

Walking toward him, Tiny straddled the chair and raised his fist. Slamming his fist into one side of his face, he did the same with the other.

"Who the f**k are you?" he asked.

The man didn't say anything. His gaze was distant as Tiny lashed out again. He kept hitting out, but nothing came of it. The man wasn't talking to him.

"You've got to let him go," Devil said, pulling him off the bastard. "There's no point in killing him until we know what he knows."

Shoving Devil off him, Tiny turned and glared at him. "This is my f**king house and my town. You don't get a say here, so back the f**k off."

"Tiny?" Lash asked.

He turned to look at the other man. Lash looked like he was struggling to keep himself contained.

"What?"

"He's the one who was here to help us. Don't turn this around on Devil."

"We've got to do this right, as otherwise we're never going to know the truth. I want to f**k over Gonzalez as much as the next person. There's ways of making a man talk. You're going to kill him before he can say anything," Devil said.

Tiny was past trying to find the truth. Gonzalez had sent this bastard to kill his woman. All he wanted was blood.

"I can get it out of him," Whizz said, drawing their attention to him.

"What?" Tiny asked. He was so f**king angry.

"I can get what we need out of him."

Whizz entered the kitchen and moved toward the man's side. Tiny watched as Whizz searched the man's pockets pulling out a kit.

"Shit, I'm sorry. I didn't think to check him," Baker said.

"Don't worry about it. Go to our women and get the kids. I don't want them to be here for this," Tiny said.

Following Baker out of the kitchen, Tiny waited at the bottom of the stairs. Baker was carrying Tabitha while Eva carried Miles. One side of her face was bruised to f**k, and Angel looked worse for wear. Fuck, he shouldn't have left them. He knew it was a bad idea, but he hadn't listened.

"Baby," Lash said.

Angel went into his arms. "I'm sorry for worrying you," she said.

"You don't have to be worried about anything."

Pulling Eva away from the other two, Tiny reached out to touch her cheek.

"What happened?"

"I was with Baker getting the kids ready for bed when I heard Angel shout. I didn't think, and I ran downstairs to help her. I'm sorry."

He pressed a kiss to her good cheek. "You don't need to be sorry. I'm going to find out who he's working for and then I'm going to get rid of him."

"Be careful," she said.

"I'm always careful."

Tiny walked her out toward the car. Giving Baker a nod, he watched them leave. Going back inside the house with Lash, he closed and locked the door. Nash and Zero went and checked to make sure all the windows were locked.

Entering the kitchen, he found Whizz had set up the counter with the guy's instruments. This was not a side of Whizz he'd ever seen before. This was all new to him as well.

"Can I start?" Whizz asked.

"Yes."

While he'd been talking with Eva, someone had arranged a plastic sheet underneath the man.

"Who do you work for?" Whizz asked, tearing off the tape covering the man's mouth.

"Fuck you."

Whizz used his fist, slamming his knuckles into the man's face.

"Who do you work for?"

The same response came. Whizz used his fists over the guy's body. When that didn't work, Tiny watched as Whizz picked up the scalpel. The first slash went across the man's face. Over and over, Whizz worked the man, piercing his body a bit at a time working him as a butcher worked a piece of dead meat. The only difference between the piece of meat and this man was the man was still alive.

The man screamed, and when Whizz started to pull fingernails, the man cracked. His name was Everett, and he'd been sent to Fort Wills by Gonzalez. He was ordered to attack Eva, kidnap her, and take her to a secure location.

The more Tiny heard, the angrier he became. Everett was supposed to take her, torture her, rape her, kill her, then deliver her back to Tiny at the clubhouse bit by bit.

When he could stand no more, Tiny went to kill the man. Lash got there first. With a twist of his hands, Everett's neck was snapped.

The sound echoed through the room.

"Gonzalez has turned the tables on us," Devil said.

"Yeah, he's going for our women now." Tiny stared at the man. The last time he killed one of Gonzalez's men, Tate had ended up in the hospital. He hoped more than anything that it didn't happen this time.

"What are we going to do?" Butch asked. "He's going to be expecting Everett to call. What do we do when he doesn't answer?"

Devil's cell phone rang, interrupting the moment. "Shit, I've got to take this."

Tiny stared at the body. He didn't want to put the club women or his own woman at risk. This was going to get worse if Everett didn't call back.

"I need to think," Tiny said.

All he could see was Eva, raped, beaten, and being delivered to him bit by bit. He couldn't let that happen. She was the love of his life, and it would drive him insane.

"I've got to go back to Piston County," Devil said, appearing back in the kitchen.

"What?" Tiny asked, turning to glare at his friend. He wasn't in the mood to be playing around. This shit had been bought to Fort Wills because of Devil. His wife had been in danger because of Devil and his crew.

"They've found Kayla. She's been pinned to the gate of the clubhouse. I've got to go back and identify her body."

Kayla Howard was Lexie's sister and the real mother to Simon, Devil's son.

"You can't go back now. You've got to stay here so that we can deal with what's just happened." He pointed at a dead Everett.

"I know, and I've got shit to take care of."

Grabbing the first thing nearest him, Tiny threw it across the room. The cup shot past Devil's head and smashed into the wall.

"You brought this crap to me, and now you're running off back to you town like a f**king coward."

"Don't you f**king say that shit," Devil said, yelling. "I've come to your aid every f**king chance I've got. I'm not turning my back on you. I'm going to clean up a mess that has occurred. My woman's sister is f**king dead. I told that bitch to stay gone and she'd live. She's just turned up f**king dead, and I bet it has this bastard's stamp on it."

"You leave now and I swear we're f**king finished," Tiny said, losing control. He was done with Devil, his shit, and his crew.

Devil started to laugh. "You really think our friendship will be over? Are you even listening to yourself, or is this Alex speaking? The jumped up businessman who thinks he can run a club."

"This is all me. You walk out of here, and I swear, that's it. You can take your shit and get the f**k out of Fort Wills. You and Chaos Bleeds will not be welcome here ever again."

Tiny wasn't in the mood to be tested.

"Boss?" Zero asked.

"No, I don't give a f**k what anyone says. You leave Fort Wills now and consider us through."

Devil folded his arms. "What about our women? They get along, Tiny."

"I don't give a f**k what they do. We're through, and Eva will do what I ask. She's my woman, and I'm the one who she should agree to."

"You're f**king insane," Devil said. "Gonzalez has you freaked out, and you're acting like a pu**y who hasn't lost anything. You're the one losing control here, Tiny. You're too old to deal with the club."

He charged at the other man, tackling Devil to the ground. They fought each other, their men staying out of the way as they started to land blows. Devil kicked him off, and together they got to their feet.

"You think I've lost control of my club?"

"Alex runs this f**king place, not you. You've got no chance of making the tough decisions. You're too much of a pu**y." Devil slammed his fist against Tiny's face. Blocking some of the blow, Tiny punched Devil in the stomach. Pushing him out of the kitchen, he charged him into the dining room. The table collapsed beneath their weight as they fought. In the back of his mind, Tiny thought about his woman. Eva was going to be so pissed at him.

"Tiny, you've got to stop this," Lash said.

He wasn't listening. This f**ker was supposed to be his friend, and he'd brought death to his door and was now leaving him to clean up the mess.

After minutes passed, Lash and Pussy got between the two.

"I want you out of my f**king town. Take your whores and get out."

Lash had to fight Pussy as he went to attack him. "Don't you call my woman a f**king whore."

"No, boys, round your shit up and grab your women. We're out of this town." Devil glared at him. He was sporting a black eye, and blood was dripping down his nose. "You're going to regret this." Devil pointed his finger at him. Tiny didn't stop until Devil was out of sight.

"Go with him and make sure they don't destroy the club." Tiny pointed at Lash to get him out of the house.

While the rest of his men cleared away the body, Tiny sat in the sitting room, staring straight ahead of him. The hours passed, and silence soon descended in the house.

The front door opened, and Eva appeared in front of him. She wore a pair of blue jeans and a white shirt.

"What that f**k happened?" Eva asked. "Devil came and got his club and Lexie. Apparently you've kicked him out of the town and told him to take his whores with him."

She knelt in front of him.

"He's gone home to take care of his own shit. I don't need him here, and he can go and f**k himself."

"You're not thinking clearly, Tiny. We need Devil and the crew. You've got to mend fences."

"No, I don't. I'm sick and tired of dealing with his shit. I took out the bastard who hurt us, and I almost got Tate killed. Devil went to pick a fight, and we've been attacked at every turn. Gonzalez was not my enemy until Devil brought them to our town. He stayed to deal with this shit until Gonzalez was in the ground. Devil's decided to leave, and now I'm f**king done."

He ran a hand down his face, feeling incredibly tired.

"You think picking a fight with Devil is going to solve your problems? You called their old ladies whores, Tiny. That's wrong and f**king mean."

"I'm not picking a fight with him. I'm cutting him off."

"What?"

"Our problems began when we started to make deals with the Chaos Bleeds crew. In the future, we're not going to be making deals with anyone else. We're not part of the same club. We're different."

"That's it? You're cutting him off?"

"Yeah and in doing so we're going to be stronger than ever before," Tiny said.

"You're wrong, Tiny. This is going to tear us apart."

He reached out and stroked her cheek. The bruise annoyed him. She shouldn't have been in any danger, and yet because of him, she'd gotten hurt. All of the women in his club had gotten hurt or killed. He wasn't going to let that happen again.

"Devil and I, it's over, Eva. Are you with me, or are you against me?" he asked, gripping her chin.

Tears were in her eyes as he delivered the ultimatum.

"You can't be thinking straight," she said.

"Make your decision or you can follow Devil back to Piston County, Eva. I mean it. I'm f**king done with him." He regretted the words the moment he spoke them.

She took his hands within her own. "I love you, Tiny and I trust you. I'm not going anywhere."

Eva placed her head in his lap. Closing his eyes, Tiny hoped he made the right choice. For his sake and for that of the club, he hoped he was right.

Chapter Twelve

Devil and Lexie

"What the hell is going on, Devil?" Lexie asked. Being packed away in the car with their kids sitting in the back and falling asleep wasn't her idea of fun. From the bruises on his face along with the anger in his eyes, she knew something bad had happened to her man.

"It's f**king over, Lexie. We're going back home. Tiny's a f**king pu**y, and he's losing control over his own f**king club." Devil lashed out hitting the steering wheel.

Glancing in the back seat, she saw Simon was watching his father.

"Stop it," she said. "You don't know what you're saying. I take it those bruises are from Tiny?"

"Yeah, we got into a f**king fight."

"Is this a real fight you can't solve, or are you both just arguing?" She looked out of the window to see the bikes following them back to Piston County. Being pulled out of bed and forced to pack late at night had pissed her off. The anger on Devil's face was a good indication that he didn't want to do it either.

"I don't know what it means. Tiny kicked us out of Fort Wills, Lex. He called you and all our women whores."

Tugging her hands into fists, Lexie tried not to react to what he said. "Eva's going to kick his ass."

"I don't care. I've got something to do."

His hands were tight as he gripped the steering wheel. She'd seen Devil angry before, but he was also holding something back and she didn't like it. Something had gone down. She didn't know what, and she intended to find out.

"What happened?" she asked.

Devil glanced her way. "Nothing."

"Something had to have happened for Eva to be sporting a bruise and Angel to look like she'd been hit in the stomach. You come into town even though you told me you wouldn't be home tonight. You tell me what's going on now, or I swear to God, you will not get anywhere near me in the foreseeable future."

"You'd withhold sex from me?"

"You're withholding something a lot more important than sex. We're on the road in the middle of the night, Devil. Now is not the time for you to be trying to keep secrets from me. I won't have it. It's not fair, and I refuse to be pulled from one town to another just because you and Tiny said some crazy shit to each other. Now, open up, or that's it and you can sleep at the club tonight." She'd do it even though she wanted to feel him tonight.

"For f**k's sake." He growled the words, and Lexie was pleased she wasn't the steering wheel what with the death grip he had on it.

"Don't keep me in the dark."

He reached out to look in the back. Simon had fallen back to sleep while they were talking. "Check and make sure he's asleep. I've seen the little shit pretending before."

Rolling her eyes, she turned around and placed a finger in the spot underneath his arm that always made him giggle. Nothing. Simon was dead to the world.

"He's not pretending, and he only got that from you."

"I don't care where he's got it from providing he doesn't do it to us."

"Stop stalling and tell me what's got your panties in a twist."

"I'm not wearing any."

Shaking her head, she reached down in her bag to grab a bottle of water. "You've got a one track mind, and you're trying to distract me. Just so you know, I'm not wearing any panties or bra either."

She'd thrown on a dress with how quickly Devil wanted them out of the town.

"Are you for f**king real?" he asked.

Taking hold of his hand, she placed his palm between her thighs. His fingers pushed the dress out of his way. Holding her breath, Lexie closed her eyes as he touched her na**d slit.

"Fuck, baby."

She didn't care if anyone could see them.

"You're doing this to f**king kill me. I'm not going to make it back home without taking you."

Lexie chuckled, pushing his hand away. "Then you're going to have to deal with it. Tell me what happened or else you're not getting anymore."

He released a sigh, sucking his fingers into his mouth. "Fuck, you taste so good."

"Stop stalling and tell me."

"I don't like this. You shouldn't have to deal with this crap."

"Then you shouldn't have pursued me the way you did. Tell me what's going on, and then we'll talk about something else." She smoothed her skirt out to cover her exposed thighs.

"I fell in love with you, Lex. There was no walking away from you after that."

She smiled. Whenever Devil talked about his love for her, he made her melt. "You know how to say all the right things."

"A guy working for Gonzalez broke into Tiny and Eva's house. He attacked Angel because she was there. Lash sent her to Eva's when he wasn't going to make it home. Eva then tried to help Angel and was hurt herself. One of the new prospects, Baker, I think, saved them both. He tied the bastard to the chair." Devil stopped talking, and she saw his jaw tense.

"That's not all?" she asked.

"No, not even close."

"Then tell me, Devil. I'm not going to change my thoughts about you. I knew you were a hard assed man when I married you. I've been dealing with it a long time." She rested her head against the chair and looked at him. Lexie wasn't stupid. She knew Devil had blood on his hands, but she still loved him. To everyone else he was a tough as nails biker but to her and the kids, he was this tender, sweet, loving man. So long as he continued to be the man she loved, she didn't care about anything else.

"Whizz tortured the information out of him. Everett was the man's name, and he'd been sent by Gonzalez to kidnap Eva. Once he had her, he was to rape, torture, and finally kill her, sending bits of her back to Tiny at the clubhouse."

Pressing a hand to her stomach, Lexie felt the nausea suddenly overcome her. "Stop the car," she said.

"Lex, it's fine, I'll shut up."

"I'm pregnant, and I'm going to vomit. Stop the f**king car now."

He pulled up against the side of the road. Tugging the seatbelt off her, Lexie shoved the door open stepping away from the car. The bikes containing their crew stopped, heading back toward them.

"Lex?"

She bent over, pulling her hair out of the way as the first heave began. The dinner she ate started to come up. Devil took over, holding her hair out of the way as she continued to vomit.

"Boss, is everything okay?" Pussy asked.

"She's fine. She's pregnant again, and her stomach's unsettled."

She placed a hand on her stomach trying to stop the twists and turns happening.

"Congrats, Devil," Death said. "I didn't know you were expecting again."

"All he has to do is look at Lexie and she's pregnant." This came from Pussy again.

"Are you okay, Lexie?" Judi asked.

"I'm fine." She only got those two words out before she started vomiting again. Devil rubbed her back. The club surrounded them both, protecting them from any passerby. She didn't know who was going to be passing on the road at night, but she was pleased by the protection.

"It's okay, baby. Let it all out."

She liked Eva. The other woman knew what it was like to be a woman to an MC president, and they spoke often on the phone. Thinking of Devil and Tiny no longer being on speaking terms, she knew in her heart things were going to change.

All because of Gonzalez.

Everything was going to change because of one man who didn't deserve to be given such power.

Heaving once again, Lexie was relieved when nothing else came up.

Over and over she heaved until finally she collapsed in Devil's arms. Someone handed her a cloth, which she took to wipe her mouth.

"I wouldn't kiss her if I was you, Boss. She'd have vomit breath, and that's just nasty."

She chuckled at Pussy's statement, looking at her man. "He's right. I need a mint." Lexie placed a hand in front of her mouth so he wouldn't get any scent of her sickness. Her mouth tasted horrid.

"I hate seeing you ill," Devil said. "I shouldn't have told you what went on."

Shaking her head, she took the mints that Judi gave to her, popping two inside her mouth. Devil handed her some water, which she took a generous swig from.

"No, you've got to tell me these things. The ride, then thinking about something bad happening to Eva, it was all too much."

"Are we good to get on the road?" Ripper asked.

Devil looked down at her. She nodded, wanting to put the kids to bed and then a shower. "Let's go."

"Get on your bikes, Chaos," Devil said, yelling out the order.

He helped her back into the passenger side of the car. Pressing a hand to her head, she took several deep breaths to calm her nerves. Staring at her hands, she saw they were shaking.

"Tell me more," she said.

Devil climbed behind the wheel, and they were on the road within minutes.

"I don't want to tell you more."

"You've got to if you want sex, remember?"

"Babe, I love you, but you look like death warmed up. It doesn't look like I'll be getting any tonight."

She chuckled. "After I've washed and brushed my teeth, I'll be fine. Come on, you know how hard pregnancy hits me. Please, give me a break."

"Fine."

He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel. "Lash snapped the man's neck, but I got a call from the cop I've still got on my own payroll."

"What is it?"

Devil stayed silent, and Lexie knew it was bad.

"Don't hold anything back from me, Devil."

"They were called out to the clubhouse."

"The clubhouse is closed. We weren't there." Some of the guys had stayed behind in Piston County, but none of them had stayed at the clubhouse. Lexie had watched Devil lock the compound up, securing the large metal fence.

"No one was there, but the cops got an anonymous tipoff. They found a woman, dead, badly beaten, tied to the gates of the compound."

Pressing a palm to her stomach, she rubbed to try to stop the nausea from starting.

"So?"

"Baby, the cop said the identification on her body was that of Kayla Howard."

His words rang through her head. No, it couldn't be Kayla.

"You ordered her to stay away and make sure Kayla stayed dead. There's no way she would have come around." She shook her head, as her vision started to blur with tears.

"She did stay dead and gone, Lex. Someone went out of their way to find her. It's the only explanation for her being found."

She held onto the front of the car and placed her head between her knees.

"Do you need me to stop?"

"No, keep driving. I want to get home."

He stayed silent while she stared at the floor.

Kayla's dead.

My sister, Simon's real mother, is dead.

None of it made sense to her. She always thought Kayla was having a much better life out there.

Someone found her and killed her.

"What happened for you and Tiny to start fighting?" she asked.

There had to be more to the story. Tiny wasn't the kind of man who started a fight just for the sheer joy of it.

"I need to go and identify the body," Devil said. "She had two identities strapped to her body. I need to go and prove who she is."

"Then you need to take me?"

"No, I wasn't going to let you get involved with this. You don't need to see her."

"It's bad, isn't it?" she asked.

"Kayla was badly beaten and raped. The cop warned me it's not a pretty sight. I don't want you to see her that way." Devil stroked her head.

"When do we go and see her?" she asked.

"Lex?"

"No, don't Lex me. I'm not going to let you keep this from me. I need to know that she's dead." Lexie sat up, pushing his hand out of the way and then drawing it to her lips. "I love you, Devil, but this is something I need to do."

"You know I hate you going through this." He glanced at her before turning back to look at the road.

"You're going to have to learn that you can't keep everything away from me."

She rested her head on her hand as she stared out of the window. It was late, she was getting tired, and she felt gross from throwing up.

"I love you, baby," he said.

"I love you, too." She leaned closer to him, resting her head against his jacket. "So, how did that start a fight with you and Tiny?"

"You don't let go of anything, do you?"

"I need to know everything for when Eva calls."

"I wouldn't expect her call if I was you. Tiny's known for being a pu**y when it comes to falling out." Devil looked straight ahead. She saw his jaw clench.

"You've been through a lot together. You can't just let him throw all that away because of a disagreement." She closed her eyes, sucking on the mint. The masculine scent of him swamped her.

"I told him I had to come home, and he told me I couldn't leave," Devil said.

"What?"

"You heard me. I told him I had to go to Piston County to deal with Kayla and all the shit storm it was going to stir up. Tiny got pissed. Told me I couldn't just leave when I'm the one responsible for him being involved in this shit with Curse bringing Gonzalez to us. He seems to forget that Gonzalez would have gone after him either way."

Lexie thought about what he said. "He kind of has a point," she said.

"What? You're taking his side?"

Pulling away from him, she held her hands up in surrender. "Jeez, no. Whenever you've gone to help him, Tiny has never once backed away from any fight. Look at it from his perspective. A guy he doesn't know broke into his house and was about to take his woman. Then his friend gets a call and you were already running out the door. I can see why he got pissed. This was Curse's and your fault, not his." She ran her hands down her thighs. "I don't give a shit what's going on between the two of you. I like Eva, and I'm not going to stop talking to her just because you and Tiny have thrown your pacifier out."

There, she said her peace. She only hoped the two men could get past this little spat, otherwise there was never going to be anymore Skulls and Chaos Bleeds barbeques or picnics.

****

She saw it from Tiny's point of view.

What kind of shit was that? Devil glanced at his wife as she stared out of the window. He knew she liked Tiny and the crew. Falling out with The Skulls wasn't going to be good for future problems. Letting out a sigh, he left his boys to go home while he took Lexie and his kids home.

Piston County was eerily silent. He wasn't fooled. Somewhere Gonzalez was sleeping in his warm bed, waiting to cause all kinds of chaos.

Pulling into the front of his house, he turned off the engine. Lexie climbed out of the car as Death pulled into the drive.

"I thought I'd help you out," Death said.

"You're sticking around to make sure we're not attacked, aren't you?" Lexie asked.

Death looked toward him, and he gave him the nod. "Yeah, I am."

Lexie didn't say anything. She pulled out his son, Josh, while Devil picked up Elizabeth leaving Simon for Death. Opening the door to his home, Devil withdrew his gun and stared around him. His woman brushed past him, turning on lights as she walked upstairs.

"Babe, you've got to be careful," Devil said, pissed.

"Whizz did the security of this place. If anyone broke in, he'd have been alerted to it. I don't care what kind of shit is going on between you and Tiny, he wouldn't risk a woman and kids." She started to walk upstairs. "Bring them to their room."

"Devil, she's pissed at you."

"No, she's pissed at having to have a bodyguard. She doesn't think it's healthy for the kids." Devil watched her ass in the dress she wore. The outline showed she wasn't wearing any panties. His c**k responded to the sight.

"Are you taking the downstairs bedroom?" Devil asked.

"Sure." Both men walked upstairs. "After I deliver him to Lex I'll go and shut everything up."

Nodding, Devil entered the main bedroom where Lexie kept all the kids when they were under threat. She didn't like the thought of having to run from different rooms, so she kept them all together, under lock and key.

He hated the fact she had to do this. Putting Elizabeth in bed, he tucked the blanket around her. She mumbled and turned over going back to sleep. Once all three were in bed, Death had already disappeared downstairs, leaving them alone.

Closing the gate and locking the door, Lexie turned on the monitor that had a camera inside the room. Protection of his kids was important to him.

"I'm going to jump in the shower," she said.

"I'll go and make you a hot chocolate."

She nodded. He didn't stop her from walking away from him. Walking downstairs, he found Death standing at the backdoor, keying in the security code. "She was right. No one had entered the house. Whizz called to let us know the house was fine."

"I wonder if he went behind Tiny's back or if that was a direct order from him."

"I don't care where he got it from. What's going on is horse shit." Death took a seat at the counter as Devil started to pour milk into a pan.

He didn't know how to do anything else other than hot chocolate.

"Will you do me one?" Death asked.

Glaring at one of his members, Devil shook his head. "I do this for my woman."

"Don't worry, I won't tell anyone that you've been in the kitchen serving your woman. It'll give you a bad reputation."

Chuckling, Devil added another cup full of milk to the pan. "This always helps Lex when she's pregnant." During her pregnancy with Josh, she'd gotten so ill and tired that she left him panicked. Part of him was happy that she was pregnant while another part was petrified. Early stages of pregnancy didn't suit Lex all that well.

He loved it when she was rounded and swelling with his kid. Her tits were fuller as well, but listening to her vomit and seeing her in pain and tired out didn't thrill him one bit.

"So what happens now?" Death asked.

Looking through the cupboards, Devil found the sugar and chocolate chips. "Lex knows about Kayla. She won't let me go without her, so I'm going to be taking her down to the morgue tomorrow. Someone needs to keep an eye on the kids. I'm not having them waiting in the car while we're dealing with the real shit."

"Phoebe and Vincent will take them. Do you think it's sensible for Lex to go and see the body?"

Devil added in the sugar and chocolate. He removed his jacket before he started to stir. "I don't know. She's not going to give me a chance to refuse her."

"We don't know what Kayla looks like now. She could seriously upset your woman, give her nightmares."

"That happens then Gonzalez is on borrowed time. I don't give a f**k about whatever plan Tiny and The Skulls have. I'll take Gonzalez out myself."

Turning the heat down so the milk wouldn't spoil, he turned to look at Death.

"What do you expect me to do? Keep her here and tie her to the bed?"

"If it will work, why not?" Death asked.

"You can tell you've got a selection of pu**y to lose yourself in." Devil wasn't going to risk Lexie crushing his balls just because he didn't want her to see her sister's body.

Death chuckled. "Are you jealous?"

"Not at all. You can have all the pu**y in the world, but you don't know how hot and tight Lex is." Death stopped laughing. "My woman and no other man between her thighs. Think about it, Death, you're trusting a woman who's f**ked many men. I know the only cum I'm following is my own."

The sick look on Death's face made Devil laugh.

"Do you see why I advise for all of my men to wear a rubber with the club whores?"

Nodding, Death cleared his throat.

Pouring the hot chocolate into the cups, Devil handed one to Death. "Enjoy it and take care."

Leaving the man behind, he took the two mugs upstairs. Entering his bedroom, he saw that Lexie hadn't returned from the shower. Putting the mugs onto the drawer beside the bed, he opened the bathroom door.

He saw her washing soap out of her hair as she stared up at the shower. Devil was tempted to join her. Deciding to give her some space he walked back into the bedroom and tugged his shirt over his head. Removing his rings and neck chain, he placed them on her dresser. He saw the scents and creams she liked to wear. Watching her rub lotion all over her body always turned him on.

Removing his jeans, he took a seat on the bed and took a swig of the hot chocolate. He didn't do anything else well, but he made a good hot chocolate.

As he stared across the room, the picture of him and Tiny together at the barbeque over two years ago caught his eye. They weren't wearing any of their cuts. Lexie had caught them together. Devil held a pair of food tongs while Tiny held a beer in his hand. He didn't like the thought of either of them losing that.

Grabbing his cell phone, he opened it up and pressed down to find Tiny's number. He hovered over the number for several seconds then closed the phone, cursing. No, he wouldn't phone the bastard. What was done was done.

Taking another sip of his drink, he was caught by the picture again. What the f**k had happened to them?

He forced himself to look away toward another photo. This one was of him with Lexie. She hated the picture as her hair was matted from sweat and she held their son in her hands. He got Judi to take the picture while he sat on the hospital bed with his arms around his woman and new son. She had given birth an hour before and looked tired.

Every time he looked at it, he was brought down to earth by the beauty of her. Lexie was strong on the inside and out. She'd put up with a lot of shit from him.

Running fingers through his hair, he moved over to the pictures of his kids and several of him with Lexie. She really did like to take her photos. The house was covered in pictures of the club and family. Not that he had anything to complain about.

The shower turned off, and Lexie appeared in the bedroom.

"You made me your hot chocolate?" she asked.

"Yeah." Putting his own cup on the drawer top, he offered her up some of his own kind of medicine. She took the cup from him.

He watched the appreciation on her face as she took a sip.

"Delicious."

"I live to serve my woman."

She took another few sips before handing him back the cup. He watched her move away, bending over to dry her hair.

Her ass called to him, making him ache. It had been too long since he'd been inside her.

You f**ked her this morning.

Still, he'd come to understand that once with Lexie was never enough. She walked toward her vanity table and started to brush her hair. "Where's Death?" she asked.

"He's taken the bedroom downstairs for us."

She wasn't showing yet, but it was in the early weeks of her pregnancy.

"Are we ever going to have a normal year when shit doesn't happen or cause problems?" she asked.

"I don't know, baby. I wish I could promise you that life is going to get back to normal, but I can't promise you shit."

Devil watched her sigh. The long length of her brown hair flowed down her back, surrounding her. He loved winding her hair around his fist as he f**ked into her from behind.

"I know. I hope Judi and the others are doing okay."

"Drop the towel," he said. He stroked his c**k as he looked at her. Talking about other women and men was no longer on his mind. Death was on watch in case anything bad happened. He wanted to f**k his woman before he didn't get the chance when shit really hit the fan.

"Devil?"

"I served you my signature hot chocolate. Drop the towel and show me the body I own and love."

"You served me hot chocolate as a kind of blackmail?"

"You've got it, baby. You know I love watching you get naked."

"It's late."

"And I'm horny, Lex. Don't make me wait." He fisted his cock, waiting. If he had to he'd strip her na**d himself.

She shook her head, chuckling. "You're bad."

"You always knew there was a reason they called me Devil."

Lexie fingered the corner of her towel, teasing him.

"Come on, Lex, stop testing me before I take over."

He heard her giggle, and the towel dropped to the floor, revealing her creamy tanned skin. Her tits and pu**y were still the palest color as he didn't allow her to go completely naked.

His c**k thickened even more at the sight of her.

"Turn around and bend over."

She rolled her eyes at him, turning away.

Watching her bend over and show off her slick cunt, sent the pleasure within him into overdrive.

"Fuck, baby, you're beautiful."

He climbed off the bed, walking toward her. She stood up as he caught her around the waist. Pulling her close, he slammed his lips down on hers. He pressed his tongue inside, stroking along her lips. She wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Please, Devil," she said, crying out.

Kissing down her neck, he sucked on her pulse needing to mark her body. She turned her head to the side as he sucked her flesh in deep.

Devil ran his hands down her body, spreading her legs open to cup her pu**y. She was soaking wet. Sliding his fingers through her slit, he touched her clit, stroking the swollen nub.

She shook in his arms, quivering from the pleasure.

"That's right, baby. Open up for me." He stopped sucking on her neck long enough to whisper the words against her flesh.

"Please."

"You're going to wait to come. I want to play first." Turning her to the bed, he dropped her on the edge and sank down in front of her.

Lexie opened her thighs for him to see her cream coating the lips of her sex. The scent of her met his nostrils. She was musky, and the smell made his mouth water for a taste of her.

"Lie back. I'm going to eat this pretty pu**y before I do anything else."

Slowly, she lay back against the bed. Gripping the thickness of her thighs, he leaned down and slid his tongue from the entrance of her cunt all the way up to circle her clit.

She jerked off the bed. Moving one hand to her stomach, he kept her down while he worked her clit. He circled, flicked, and sucked the bud into his mouth before going down to plunge his tongue inside her.

"Fuck, Devil." She cried out, moaning between each flick of his tongue. He wasn't going to give up until he heard her scream in orgasm.

Drawing her to the edge of the bed, he soaked his fingers in her leaking cream, pushing the slickened digits to her tight ass**le.

She gasped as he pressed one finger to her anus.

The tight muscles refused to let him inside, but he was never willing to take no for an answer.

Within seconds he was working first one then a second digit into her ass.

"Fuck me, Devil, please."

Flicking her clit, he pumped into her ass waiting for her to come.

"No, I need you inside me. Please, Devil, f**k me."

Pulling away from her body, he wiped his fingers on the towel. Climbing on the bed, he didn't give her a chance to get away from him. Gripping his cock, he slid the na**d tip through her wet slit. When he was slick with her cream, he pushed the tip to her entrance and slammed inside.

Devil cut off her screams by pressing a hand to her mouth to keep her quiet.

"There's only so much noise the kids will sleep through," he said, smiling. He loved making her scream and worked hard to get what he wanted.

Slowly, he withdrew from her body, glancing down to see his c**k reappear.

"Don't," she said.

Giving her what she wanted, he rammed back inside. Over and over, he f**ked her tight, hot cunt. Lexie wrapped her arms around him as he drove them both to the edge of bliss. Kissing her lips, Devil sucked on her tongue before licking along her lips.

She moaned. Her nails scored the flesh of his back. He didn't mind if she marked him. Wearing her mark gave him deep pleasure.

"I'm going to come," she said.

"Then come all over my dick and I'll follow you."

She didn't fight him. Her pu**y tightened around him as her orgasm claimed her. Capturing her mouth, he swallowed down her moans.

His own orgasm took him by surprise. Thrusting into her one final time, he felt his c**k jerk and his seed pulse inside her cunt. Closing his eyes, he pulled away from the kiss and dropped his head to her neck.

Gasping for breath, he held onto Lexie tight.

This was the one thing he never wanted to sacrifice. He hated what Tiny had done, but he couldn't let anything happen to Lexie. She was his reason for living, his soul, and losing her would send him straight to hell.

Chapter Thirteen

"Everett is not answering his cell," Ronald said, pulling Gonzalez out of his thoughts. Several of his men were no longer answering his calls. Gonzalez couldn't get a hold of them no matter how hard he tried. What good was he if his own men wouldn't even f**king answer? He wasn't threatening at all.

"So, I think it's best for us to assume that he was caught and was unsuccessful in taking Eva and f**king killing her." It was a shame really. He'd been looking forward to watching Everett work. Eva was a pretty woman, on the plump side, sure, but she'd been the key to getting Ned Walker in line. He had every intention of killing her, but he'd wanted a reason to put Ned on his toes, to get the man to dance to his tune. Out of all of the men, Ned was proving to be the most difficult. Everyone had a price, and Eva was Ned's. Once again he'd failed to get what he wanted, and Gonzalez wasn't happy.

Still, Gonzalez had learned long ago that patience was always the perfect solution.

"If he was unsuccessful then he's dead. The Skulls wouldn't let him live."

Circling the tumbler holding his whiskey, Gonzalez wasn't happy. He needed to think. His father had been far more successful in wiping out a club than he'd been. He didn't like knowing he was failing where his father once succeeded.

The Savage Brothers didn't come back for revenge. You've not got what it takes.

Gritting his teeth, he stared out of his hotel window. The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds were just a bunch of men. There was nothing magical or special about the group. They were a bunch of men who could die like the rest of them. He'd not been able to get in touch with Butch either. Fuck, he hated this. What good was this power when he couldn't f**king use it? Even the men he did business with were failing to answer his call. It was like he'd been cut off from everything.

"I think it's safe to say Butch was playing us," Gonzalez said.

"Why do you say that?" Ronald stood beside him looking out of the window.

"There shouldn't have been anyone home to stop our man. I told Butch to keep them out. There shouldn't have been anything to make this go wrong."

He tapped the edge of his drink, thinking.

"What about one of their prospects?"

"You think Tiny would trust the latest prospects with his woman and kids?" Gonzalez asked. He hadn't thought of a prospect being on the premises.

"Why not? If a prospect can't even protect his woman while he's away on the run, how can he trust him on the road? All these prospects are put through their paces with tests at every turn."

"Either way, we didn't get what we wanted. I hoped for Eva to be screaming in agony now, not nursing her wounds."

"Do you want me to call Butch?" Ronald asked.

"Yeah, call him and put him on speaker phone, if the bastard will f**king answer." Taking a sip of the dark, expensive liquid, Gonzalez ground his teeth together. Nothing was going his way, and when that happened, it pissed him off.

"What?" Butch asked, answering the call.

"I believe one of my men is in your possession."

"You mean the f**ker you paid to take Eva away?"

"You're on my team, Butch. I told you to keep The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds away. You failed me."

"Fucking Angel. She called Lash while your guy attacked. It's hard to control two MCs full of men who adore their women and get them to stay away." Butch cursed over the line, and Gonzalez heard movement. "She was on the phone when your guy chose that moment to attack. I couldn't stop him from coming back, nor could I stop Tiny."

Gonzalez thought about Butch's reasoning. He could understand why Everett was unsuccessful.

"I take it Everett is dead?"

"Yes. Lash snapped his neck. The body has been disposed of. You're not going to find him anytime soon."

"He wasn't as good as I was made to believe. What's going on?" He imagined Tiny would withdraw, demand lockdown, and force them all back into the clubhouse.

"Devil and Tiny have severed their friendship."

"What?" Gonzalez asked, intrigued.

"Devil got a call. Lexie's sister was found chained to the gates of the compound, and he needed to go. Tiny didn't want him to leave seeing as he caused all the problems, and a fight started."

"Where's Devil and the crew now?"

"I imagine they're back in town now. They're not here, and Devil left immediately after. They're divided."

Glancing over at Ronald, Gonzalez saw the other man had a brow raised.

"I'll call you back when I've got more plans." He placed a hand across his neck telling Ronald to cut the call.

Once the call ended, he finished the shot of strong alcohol and turned to Ronald.

"I'm sorry about Everett. He used to be a lot more reliable," Ronald said.

"He broke into their house at the wrong moment. It's a mistake that cost him his life. I don't care about Eva right now. The two clubs are divided, and that's a lot easier to get to them." Gonzalez took a seat as he thought about what he should do next. "Get one of our guys to attack Judi. One of the pimps controlling the girls over at the apartment buildings, he told me Judi used to be a whore herself. It's time for her to remember her roots."

"What about Devil?" Ronald asked.

"I'm going to pay a visit to Devil. You know I don't like to be tested. He's not always around, but Lexie will be home." Gonzalez stood and made his way toward is bedroom. "Take a nap. We're going to be busy over the next couple of days."

Closing the door to his bedroom, he stared at the woman on the bed. She was asleep as he'd worked her over hours before. He wasn't interested in f**king her. Shoving her off the bed, she woke up with a start. "Get the f**k out of here, now."

He waited for her to scramble out of his room.

Sitting on the edge of his bed, he dropped his head into his hands. He was so close to getting what he wanted. Tomorrow he'd make sure the double wedding was still on. When The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds were ready to get married, he'd end them then.

****

Whizz stared at the multiple screens in his room at the clubhouse. He couldn't get the scent and feel of Lacey out of his mind. After he f**ked her down the dark alley against the hard wall, he'd been changed. Ever since the attack he'd not f**ked any woman or had any desire to be intimate with a woman, but that all changed the moment he got close to Lacey. She made him want to feel shit he'd not felt in a long time. Pushing away from his desk, he started to pace up and down the length of his bedroom.

She had pressed her lips to his neck, sucking on his skin. Going to the mirror, he didn't see any sign or mark of her passion. It was like it hadn't happened between them. He didn't like it. There had to be some other sign of what they shared together rather than a memory.

"Please, Whizz, harder."

The memory of her voice crashed through his mind. It was like she was in the room waiting for him to f**k her again.

Someone knocked at his bedroom door, interrupting his moment.

Answering the door, he saw Killer was on the other side. "Hey, man. I thought I'd come and see you."

"What's up?"

"Nothing's up. After what happened in Tiny's house I thought you'd want to talk."

Alan had taken a lot from him, but the other man had also given him plenty of ideas for his own torture methods. The Skulls wouldn't have to worry about getting information again. Whizz was more than happy to do it the good old fashioned way just like he did the modern way.

Opening the door, he let Killer into his room and space. Nothing was out of place; everything was put away. The sides were neatly ordered, and his computers didn't show any sign of dust. Whizz needed order in his life. There was a time he had been a slob where he threw clothing all around. Now, he folded everything up neatly. In the far corner on the other side of his bedroom were some weights he used in the middle of the night when he didn't want to interrupt anyone else from their sleep.

He really did hate stopping people getting their rest just because he couldn't handle nightmares.

"We needed answers, and the bastard wouldn't talk. I did what I needed to do."

Sitting down on his bed, he watched as Killer took a seat on the chair. No one believed he was healing. For the last year and a half he'd become a dead weight to the group.

"This isn't like you, Whizz."

"Maybe that's the problem," he said, looking at his friend. They shared a lot with each other over the years. Together they had been part of The Lions, hating the club but seeing no way out. Whizz recalled seeing the games the president would play on Killer. "I've not been pulling my weight at the club. I can do the computer shit but nothing else. I'm changing, and you're going to have to get used to it."

"This isn't you, Whizz. You go down this slippery slope and you're going to get killed, or worse, part of you is going to die."

Whizz didn't get any pleasure out of torturing the man. The only pleasure he got out of causing pain was the answers the club needed.

"I'm not going to do anything to risk the club or my own sanity. Everything I do is for the good of the club." Whizz locked his fingers together, staring at his friend.

Killer didn't know what he was going through. The other man had killed innocent people because he was ordered to. Not once had Killer been tortured for hours or held down against his will while another man raped him.

Whizz knew that he meant well, but no amount of talking was going to save Whizz.

"You can talk to me."

"I'm done talking," Whizz said. "I need to go out and clear my head."

"This is not like you. The club is worried about you." Killer got to his feet, putting a hand on Whizz's arm to stop him.

Jerking back, Whizz raised his fist and slammed it against Killer's face. "Don't f**king touch me. I mean it, Killer, do not touch me."

Opening the door, he walked out of his room, down the long corridor toward the exit. Killer shouted toward him, but Whizz ignored his friend. No one touched him unless he allowed it.

Don't panic. It was Killer. He wouldn't hurt you. He is your friend.

Clicking his neck, Whizz left the clubhouse aware of the gazes on him. He didn't care. They could all look at him for all he cared. Nothing had changed inside him. He was still the man who was hurting, raped.

That one word sickened him.

Not watching where he was going, Whizz was shocked to find he was at the graveyard, the same place he saw Lacey last.

Entering through the iron gate, he took a seat on the bench where he found her. Sitting down, he stared out over the grounds. It was dark, and he couldn't make out any of the stones or statues that he knew were there.

What's going on with you?

Closing his eyes, he pictured Lacey in his mind. Her delightful little cry as he slammed into her sweet warmth. She'd been tight and hot, soaking wet even. Had he f**ked any other woman who was as hot and tight as she had been? He couldn't remember the women he'd f**ked in the past.

"You're back here again," Lacey said.

Opening his eyes, he found her standing next to him with her arms folded. She surprised him by not wearing a hood but a long sleeved shirt, covering up her arms.

"And you're here. Does this mean you're following me?" he asked, meeting her gaze in the darkness.

She took a seat beside him. "I like walking in the dark."

"Do you know how strange that is?" he asked.

Lacey chuckled. "No, it's not strange."

"It's dangerous."

"I know. When you know the dangers, fought them and survived, they no longer scare you." She stared back at him without dropping her gaze.

He looked down to see she held onto the bench.

"Are you nervous?" he asked.

"No."

Staring at her for several moments, Whizz couldn't resist reaching out to touch her cheek. Her skin was smooth to the touch just like he remembered.

"Whizz?"

"I f**ked you the other day, and I didn't wear a condom."

"It doesn't matter. I can't get pregnant. You're safe."

He thought about Alex and what happened with Cheryl. Should he trust Lacey? She'd given him no reason to doubt her.

"What about diseases?"

She laughed. "You're more likely to have a disease than I am."

"Why?"

"Because you're the first man to touch me in a long time."

Running his finger down to her lips, he couldn't resist, pushing his finger into her mouth. She sucked him in deep.

His c**k answered to the call of her body. Everything else fell away around him as he stared at her. She was breathing deeply. Her chest moved up and down rapidly.

Gripping her hand, he tugged her to her feet, thankful she was wearing a skirt. Sliding his hands underneath the fabric, he glided his hands up her thighs, touching the silkiness of her thighs.

She gasped, crying out.

Lifting her up, he got her to straddle his waist. Before she could protest, he claimed her lips, stopping any kind of complaint she might have.

"Beautiful," he said, muttering the words against her lips.

"Whizz, what are you doing?"

Tearing her panties off her body, he touched her creamy cunt, feeling her response to him.

"What we both want."

Reaching between them, he pulled his c**k out of the tight confines of his jeans. She went to her knees as he ran the tip through her slit. Positioning his c**k at the entrance of her pu**y, he felt her slide down over his length.

The inner walls of her sex tightened around his cock, making it impossible for him to think.

Her hands went to the back of the bench.

"This is wrong," she said.

"I don't care." Thrusting up inside her, Whizz felt alive, whole, and it was all down to Lacey. For once in his life he didn't care about her secrets or who she was. The only thing he cared about was the feel of her wrapped around him. With Lacey in his arms, he was no longer the man who'd been tortured or raped. She gave him back part of his soul.

Tugging the shirt up over her chest, he tugged her tits free from the confines of the bra she wore. Leaning forward, he took one of her ni**les into his mouth, sucking on the hard bud.

She cried out. Covering her mouth with his hand, Whizz moved from one breast to the other, refusing to give her the chance to pull away.

Lacey rode his cock, and he thrust up to meet her. Each jolt of his h*ps had her tits bouncing. He wished it was light so he could see her responses.

Moving between them, he pressed a finger to her clit, caressing the bud. Her pu**y clenched around his cock, and he didn't stop until she screamed out her cl**ax. When she came down from her orgasm, he gripped her h*ps and started to pound inside.

They moved together as if they'd known each other for a lifetime rather than a few chance meetings. When he was with Lacey, Whizz felt like she knew what he was going through. He trusted her vague words and the depth of pain in her eyes. He saw it, and understood it. Lacey had been through hell and was still living.

Grinding his teeth together, he thrust up inside her a final time, releasing his cum inside her body.

She collapsed against him. Her breath fanned across his neck. Stroking her hair out of the way, Whizz felt complete.

"We need to stop doing this," she said.

"I don't care so long as you don't."

He really didn't. Their meetings weren't hurting anyone, and he didn't see why it was a problem.

Lacey relaxed against him, and he held her tight never wanting to let her go.

Chapter Fourteen

Devil was thankful that Vincent and Phoebe were happy to take the three kids. He'd not heard from Tiny that morning, and so he decided to leave getting in touch with the bastard. If Tiny wanted to cause a problem, Devil wasn't going to go out of his way to fix it.

"Are you sure about this?" Devil asked, holding Lexie's hand.

They were waiting outside the morgue at the hospital. The police had taken down the crime scene tape from the club as they all had alibis.

"I'm not sure about anything. She was my sister, and I don't know what to think."

She tightened her hold on him.

"Don't think about anything, baby. Kayla was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time." Devil had tried, unsuccessfully, to help her get through this.

"Gonzalez went out of his way to find her, Devil. Kayla wasn't stupid. You warned her away, and she stayed away from us. She wouldn't have come back to Piston County willingly." Lexie stopped as she swallowed down a sob.

Seeing the emotion on her face was tearing him up inside. Devil never did like seeing Lexie upset. When he got his hands on Gonzalez, he was going to kill him.

"She died because of us. We should have warned her or at least found someone to protect her."

"There was nothing we could have done, Lex. She was dead to the world. Whoever she was, she wasn't Kayla Howard."

"What do we tell Simon?" Lexie asked.

"I told you, he doesn't need to know about Kayla. You're his mother, and the only woman he knows is you." Devil wasn't going to let his son know the truth of how he was born. Fucking a whore and the condom breaking had been his mistake. Chasing Kayla to Piston County and claiming her younger sister was a story Simon didn't need to know about.

"This is wrong. Have you talked to Tiny?" she asked, changing the subject.

"No, and I have no intention of talking to him."

"Do you know how childish you sound?"

Devil chuckled. "It's the way we are together. Don't worry. I'll call him when I'm good and ready."

He wasn't going to call him until he was ready to talk to the bastard. This morning recalling what Tiny called his women had sent another rush of anger inside him. None of the women in the club were whores, and Devil refused to let him get away with it. The only chance he was giving Tiny was to get rid of Gonzalez. When that was over, then he would consider a friendship, until then, nothing.

"You're never going to call him," Lexie said.

"I will."

"Don't lie. It doesn't become you." She rested her head in her hand. "This is a nightmare."

"I'm not in any rush for you to see a dead body. You shouldn't be either." He tugged her into his arms. She snuggled up against him.

Stroking her hair, he stared at the clinical walls around him.

"I'm still going to talk with Eva. Is that okay?" she asked.

"Yeah, it's okay." Devil knew if he refused she would find some way of getting what she wanted anyway.

The door to their left opened.

"Would you like to follow me?" the cop asked.

He got to his feet and kept an arm around Lexie so she didn't pass out. They entered a large, cool room. The inside looked like a morgue on the television.

"I want to warn you both there was bruising to her face, but if you can't confirm we can go through dental records instead. Please, take your time. I know this must be hard."

"I'm ready. Could you pull the blanket away?" Lexie asked.

Devil tightened his hold around her body. If he could stop this, he would have. No woman should have to be witnessing a dead body of a relative.

Staring at the woman, Devil recognized her right away from the tattoo near her collarbone. The woman on the table was Kayla Howard.

From the sob Lexie gave out, she recognized her as well.

Turning her away from the dead body, he pressed her face against his chest.

"Yes, it's her."

"Okay. The autopsy is complete. Will you sign here, and we're going to release the body to you to handle the funeral arrangements."

Devil signed the necessary paperwork. "Call the club. We'll handle everything and thank you."

The cop nodded and helped them to leave the room. Lexie held onto his jacket crying her eyes out.

Moving out of the morgue, he didn't release Lexie until he got to the car. He found Death, Pussy, and Ripper waiting for him.

"Is it true?" Pussy asked.

"Yeah, Kayla was beaten and raped." He nodded at the cop across from him, who waved in his direction. "He told me everything the autopsy report said." Devil lowered his voice so Lexie didn't hear. "Everett did this," Devil said.

"How do you know?"

"On the body he tattooed his name across her stomach. It was recent, and the bastard had to have been doing it to her during the torture. He killed Kayla then went after Eva. Gonzalez is going to kill all of us. It's only a matter of time."

"You should call Tiny. Let him know what you've found out," Ripper said.

"Do you think the bastard deserves it?" Pussy asked. "He kicked us out of his town. I say let the f**ker rot."

"What about your wedding" Devil asked.

"Sasha wouldn't mind getting married here. I don't need to be in Fort Wills to make her mine."

Devil shook his head. "That wedding is the only place I see us getting Gonzalez at his weakest. We can take out every single f**ker who threatens to take us out. I don't like it, but we've got no choice."

Resting his hand against the car, Devil tapped his foot on the ground. "Call a meeting. I want us to talk this through, and I'll put a call to Tiny, see where we stand."

"Do you want me to follow you back home?" Death asked.

"No, it'll be fine. Hopefully Gonzalez doesn't know we're home yet. I know it's a leap seeing as he's got men around, but I'm hoping I'm right. We'll be safe for a day or so. I want to give Lexie that freedom at least before things start to go shit for us all." Devil rounded the car and moved to the driver's side. "Make sure you're all safe."

Climbing into the car, he started up the engine.

"What did they want?" Lexie asked, sniffling.

"We're going to talk with The Skulls and come up with a plan."

"Are you going to retaliate?" She stared at him. Her eyes were red and puffy from crying.

"Do you want me to retaliate because of this?"

"I don't want you to be hurt, but she was my sister. I don't want him to go without some form of punishment."

"We're going to kill him, Lex. You've just got to give us time."

"I don't care. He killed Kayla, and she wasn't part of the club or you. She deserves to be retaliated for." She slammed her palm along the dashboard. "Are you going to do it, or do I have to do it myself?" she asked, glaring at him. She wasn't listening to him. Devil saw none of his words were getting through.

Staring at her, he let out a sigh. "I'll do it. You've got to give me a day or so before I do. I need to make sure when I do retaliate we're strong enough to take any backlash he dishes out."

She nodded. "Good. Phone Tiny. I think it's time for us all to plan the wedding."

Pulling out of the hospital, Devil travelled to Vincent and Phoebe's house.

"I want to pick up the kids before we go home."

"I don't like the thought of you being alone," he said.

"I'm not in the mood for company, and Phoebe shouldn't be the one to deal with me right now. I'll take care of our kids and bake a little. I'm going to call Eva. I don't give a f**k what Tiny said. She's my friend, and I'm not going to stop talking to her just because he's being a prick."

His wife didn't sound like herself. Driving to Phoebe and Vincent's house, he picked up the kids.

"How is she doing?" Vincent asked.

"Not good. She's angry, and she wants me to retaliate because of Kayla's death."

"What did you say?"

"I had no choice but to agree. She threatened to do it on her own if I didn't."

Vincent shook his head. "You shouldn't have taken her to see her dead sister."

"Again, I didn't have a choice. I've still got to live with my wife."

"Still, this could change Lexie, and you may not like what she turns into."

Devil watched as Lexie cuddled Josh to her as Phoebe walked with Elizabeth and Simon. Lexie wasn't going to change. He knew his woman, and she was hurting right now. It would only be a matter of time before she was back to her old ways.

"We're meeting at the club," he said. "I suggest you be there."

"I wouldn't miss it."

Nodding, Devil climbed back behind the wheel as Lexie secured Josh into his car seat. Driving the short distance to his own house, he picked up Elizabeth and walked with Simon indoors.

In the kitchen he'd set up a play area for all three kids.

Lexie wasn't talking, not even to her kids.

Placing them safely in the play area he gave an order to Simon to be good.

Grabbing her arm, Devil tugged her out of the kitchen.

"Hey, what are you doing?" she asked.

He pressed her against the wall.

"You better get your f**king act together."

"What?"

"You heard me. I don't give a f**k that you just saw your sister lying on a slab of f**king metal. She was willing to let you die when she dropped Simon off." She went to mouth off to him. He covered her mouth with his hand. "I don't give a f**k what you've got to say. You can be silent as I talk, and if you've got a problem with that, then tough." He stopped, seeing her eyes were wide. Good, she was listening. "I'm going to retaliate regardless of what the club thinks. Kayla was not a club whore or even an old lady. She was a bitch of the highest order. No one liked her. They do not need to retaliate unless I order them to."

Removing his hand, he was surprised she didn't start arguing with him.

"Those are our kids in there, and you've not spoken to them. You want to turn into a bitch, fine, but you'll do it without them."

"You wouldn't take me away from them."

"Until you got your shit together I'd do it. I'd make sure you didn't see them until all of this was over. Get your shit together before it's taken out of my hands. Be Lexie, be the woman I love."

She blew out a breath. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. Be strong. Nothing is going to happen. I won't let it." He leaned forward and brushed his lips against hers.

"Okay." She offered him a small smile.

When he was satisfied that she was back, he let her go.

Staying in the doorway he watched her kiss their kids one by one. Losing someone you cared about could easily change a person. He wasn't going to let Lexie have the chance to change. She was the only woman he loved.

Pulling out his cell phone, he pressed Tiny's number and let it ring.

"Hello," Tiny said.

"I'm not in your town anymore, but we've still got a f**king problem." Devil turned away from his woman and made his way toward his office.

"What?"

"We've still got Gonzalez to deal with together. If you think you're over this then think again. Everett took out Kayla, Lexie's sister, before he went after Eva. Gonzalez is going to take us out."

"Fuck!"

They were silent for several minutes. "Lexie wants the weddings to continue, and I agree with her. Gonzalez will be present, and all of us could be there for when the real shit goes down."

"Eva's already organizing the wedding."

"I need your permission to come back to town. I'm not entering Fort Wills unless I have your agreement that nothing bad is going to happen. I've got to take care of my boys before I take care of myself." Devil opened up the safe where he found his gun along with a stack of money.

"My woman will make the arrangements, and you'll need to come back to Fort Wills before the wedding goes down. Butch got a call from Gonzalez last night. They talked, and the bastard knows you're back in Piston County."

Devil paused. "What?"

"You heard me. Butch let him know you were back in Piston County. I had nothing to do with it. I didn't know until it was too late. Be careful, and we'll talk soon."

Fences weren't mended, but Devil dropped his phone onto this desk.

How long had Gonzalez known he was in Fort Wills? Moving to the window he looked out over his front yard.

There was so much to be done.

****

Lexie felt guilty for the way she treated her kids. They didn't deserve her anger or her pain. Kayla was dead, and Devil was right. Her sister would have gladly left her for dead before helping her out. She had no reason to trust her sister then or now.

Seeing her dead with bruises all over had been a horrific sight to take in. Staring at her children, Lexie was relieved that they were alive, healthy, and safe. She didn't want anything to happen to them.

Turning away, she started to set up the oven so she could do some baking. Being in the kitchen was the only way she could get past the pain and heartache of losing her sister.

"Mommy?" Simon said.

She was about to look toward him when an arm banded around her waist and something metal was pressed to her neck.

"I wouldn't move if I was you," the male voice said. She stared at the oven in front of her as his arm didn't move.

"Lexie, we've got a problem." This voice didn't come from directly behind her.

The man holding her around her waist turned her to face Gonzalez. He sat at the kitchen counter, wiping his hands on a cloth.

"What are you doing in my house?" she asked, gritting her teeth. She couldn't look toward her kids, and she was too scared to call out to her man.

"This is Devil's house, and you're Devil's woman. You're not your own person. The Chaos Bleeds crew is owned by Devil."

"What's your point?"

"I don't have a point, but I'm letting you know that this isn't about you. This is because of Devil."

He was looking at his nails and occasionally glancing at her. She hated the way he looked at her. The planning and scheming were easy to see in his eyes.

"Why are you here?"

"I'm here because you and Devil are, and I can't find one of my men. He was working for me."

"Do you mean the man who was supposed to hurt and kill Eva?" she asked.

"Yes, the very one."

"I've never seen him." She glared at him, wishing there was more she could do.

"You know, Lexie, you're not in any position to argue with me. I could get Ronald there to put a bullet in any of your children and wait to kill you last."

Tears sprang to her eyes at the threat he delivered. She couldn't do it. There was no way she could fail her children.

"What do you want?"

"Where's Devil?" he asked.

"He's right f**king here." Devil rounded the corner, holding a gun out that was aimed at Gonzalez.

Relief swamped her, followed by fear.

"Devil, I didn't expect you home so soon."

"I didn't leave home, f**ker!"

Ronald still held her against him. His breath fanned her neck, leaving her feeling sick.

"Well, this is a pleasant surprise. I heard you and Tiny are no longer on speaking terms."

"Yeah, we're having a spat right now, but the wedding is still going ahead as f**king planned. Now, tell me why you're in my f**king house, near my babies, and have got a man holding a gun to my woman?"

She saw the anger in Devil. He was barely holding it together.

"It's simple, really. I've not heard from my man, so I've come here to find out the truth. It's what anyone else would do."

"Then go back to Fort Wills and you'll find him somewhere. I can't guarantee you'll find all the pieces. Wait, you don't have a problem with that, seeing as he was going to kill Eva?" Devil's finger that was poised at the trigger looked ready to shoot.

Gonzalez chuckled. "You're angry because I wanted to get Eva out of the picture. She's vital to all my plans. Tiny won't do anything unless she's dead."

"Tiny was doing exactly what you wanted. You didn't like it and decided to take out Eva. Let me warn you, you kill Eva, Tate, or anyone else in that club and you've lost any chance of gaining ground in Fort Wills." Devil didn't move, but the gun was trained on Gonzalez and it was unwavering.

"Interesting."

"The only shot you've got of Tiny cooperating is with Eva alive. You take the people he cares about away from him, and you've lost all your leverage and you're on your own."

The tears that filled her eyes spilled down her cheeks. She was so scared. This warning was the same for Devil. They killed her or their kids, it was over. Devil wouldn't stop until he hurt everything related to Gonzalez.

"Now, why do you have a gun pointed at my woman?"

"I wanted some answers to some questions."

"Lexie is not part of the deal. You let her go."

"No, you think I'm going to let the one woman go that's making sure I walk out of here alive?" Gonzalez rested his hands against his head.

"I could kill you right now."

"You could, and that will be over." Gonzalez turned his gaze to look at her. "But take a look at that beautiful face. She used to be a stripper, right? Lexie took her clothes off in order to take care of your kid? Look at her face. She's beautiful, I'll give you that. Sexy, hot, I'd f**k her given the chance."

Devil scowled.

"If you put a bullet inside me and kill me, Devil, then you can kiss your woman goodbye. Ronald will put a bullet inside her head before you kill him." Gonzalez stopped to take out a handkerchief. "You can live with killing me and even Ronald. Can you live with the last memory of your wife being without a face?"

She started to shake from fear. Devil looked close to the edge as it was.

"I've seen what women look like without their faces. Close range bullet taking out their face. You couldn't have an open casket for people to remember her."

The tears were falling thick and fast.

"What would you tell your kids, your son? That you killed their mother because you couldn't help but pull the trigger. Hey, at least the world is gone of one bad guy, but I can tell you, Devil, there are over a thousand more bad guys out there who are willing to take my place. All it takes is one of us to go down for another one to rise. It's a kind of a sad world we live in."

"Why did you kill my sister?" Lexie asked, needing to change the subject.

All the talk of bullets entering her head scared her. She had no choice but to focus on something else. Lexie didn't want to die. She wanted to live.

"Kayla, you know she was living good? She was off the drugs and studying to be a nurse. It was the irony of it all. The bad sister turned good. No, she was just a little test for Everett. I wanted to make sure he was willing to do whatever it took to get the job done. Guess what? He passed."

Gonzalez was a sick man. Nothing he did ever made sense, and the only reason he'd survived this long was because of his ability to be unpredictable. She hated him and didn't want him to live.

He had to die at the right time, in the right moment. This wasn't that time or that moment.

"Devil, please?" she asked, begging. She knew all he wanted to do was kill the bastard, but it wouldn't serve any purpose. Today, the only purpose killing Gonzalez would serve was to kill her.

"I'm not going to kill you. I want you out of my f**king house," Devil said.

He didn't look toward her as he spoke.

"Really? You don't want to take a shot at me. I'm sitting right here. I'm out in the open, and you could kill me now. It would all be over." Gonzalez opened his jacket to reveal his chest. "You're not going to do it?"

"No, get the f**k out of my house."

"Devil, stopped from taking what he wants because of a woman. I'm disappointed. Lexie really is the deciding vote for you? You won't do anything unless she gives you consent?" Gonzalez looked toward her.

Ronald slammed her forward onto the counter. She turned her head so that she didn't smash her nose on the granite worktop. The pain was instant.

Closing her eyes, she felt Ronald's h*ps settle against her ass.

Please, God, no.

"Maybe I just need to change it up a little."

The barrel of the gun was pressed to the back of her head.

"Leave my f**king wife alone," Devil said. He sounded lost.

"Fucking, that's a good word. A strong word," Gonzalez said.

The dress she was wearing was thrust up to her waist. Lexie couldn't contain the whimper any longer. She was scared of what was going to happen.

"I said f**king leave her alone." Devil dropped the gun he was holding.

Opening her eyes, she turned to see that Devil held his hands up, surrendering to whatever Gonzalez wanted.

For several seconds nothing happened. The tension in the room could be cut through with a knife.

"Ronald," Gonzalez said.

Her dress was placed over her thighs, covering her up.

"Now, I think it's time for us to leave for now." Gonzalez stood to his feet, leaning down to pick up Devil's gun. "I find it fascinating."

"What do you find fascinating?" Devil asked.

She was pulled up from the counter. A hand wrapped around her neck as she was moved backwards around the counter. Ronald held her tight to him. Devil didn't hold any weapon, but they were being cautious.

"How amenable you are when it comes to Lexie. I wouldn't have pegged you for the kind of man to step away from a kill."

"Let my woman go."

The hand around her neck tightened.

"Let her go, Ronald," Gonzalez said.

Lexie was thrust into Devil's arms as the two men left their house. She wrapped her arms around his neck, never wanting him to let go. Devil buried his head against her neck.

"Thank you," she said, sobbing against his chest.

"Baby, I promise you that you will always come first."

"How did you know he was here?" She didn't even want to think about what would have happened if Devil hadn't been here. Would Ronald have hurt her? Or would Gonzalez?

"I talked with Tiny. Gonzalez called Butch, and the bastard let him know that we were back in Piston County."

He kissed her neck, offering her some comfort with the warmth of his arms.

"I love you," she said.

"I love you, too, baby. I promise you that I wasn't even tempted to risk your life. I couldn't live without you."

"Do you think it was a test?" she asked, worried. Did Gonzalez come to test Devil?

"Are you hurt?" He pulled her head back, and she saw he was looking in her eyes and over her body.

"I'm not hurt."

"He pushed you on top of the counter, hard."

"Devil, the guy who held me, Ronald, he wasn't hard. It was a test of some kind. I don't think he was going to hurt me."

"I don't know what you want me to say, Lex. As far as I'm concerned, Ronald's a f**king dead man, along with Gonzalez. He touched what was mine." He cupped her cheek, turning her face this way and that. "No one touches you but me."

He slammed his lips down on hers, holding her tightly.

After several seconds they were interrupted by his cell phone. Getting to her feet, she gave him privacy and made her way into the kitchen. Simon was standing at the edge of the play area looking toward them.

The moment he saw her, he lifted his arms up. "Cuddle, Mommy."

Going to him, she pulled him into her arms. Simon surprised her by wrapping his arms around her neck and stroking her hair. "I love you, Mommy."

"I love you, too, angel."

"I don't like that bad man. He was going to hurt you." Simon always surprised her with his observation. "Daddy wouldn't let him hurt you."

She got a kiss on the cheek and he tightened his arms around her. Her body was shaking from what happened.

"I'm okay, honey." She placed him down on the ground.

"I want to see Tabitha," he said.

Staring down at him, Lexie smiled. "We'll see Tabitha soon." Out of all the children, Tabitha had been the one kid that Simon gravitated toward.

Stepping back, she quickly put the kettle on for something to do with her hands. She hated what just happened, and she struggled to stop her hands from shaking.

"We need to get to the hospital," Devil said.

"What?"

"Judi's been badly beaten. We need to go and help Ripper. He's beside himself as he left her alone this morning."

There was no need to argue. She turned the kettle off and started to grab the kids.

Chapter Fifteen

Devil and several of the crew stood outside of Judi's door. Ripper was beside her bed, holding her hand with Lexie in the room. Phoebe was taking care of the kids in the sitting room.

"What the f**k happened?" Death asked.

"We're waiting for her to wake up. Ripper was at the club this morning, and when he went home, he called us after the ambulance. The doctors had to take her into surgery to drain the excess fluid from her brain. She got hit in the head," Devil said. Judi was his daughter, and he was able to get all the information he needed from the doctors.

She was in a medically induced coma until it was safe to wake her up. Devil hadn't gone into the room yet. He couldn't. After the visit this morning and the threat against Lexie, he wouldn't be able to handle seeing the damage to Judi. Today he'd had the perfect opportunity to take Gonzalez out, and he couldn't do it because of Lexie. The bastard would have killed her, and the thought of having Lexie's blood on his hands filled him with dread. She was the one good thing in his world.

"Who would touch Judi?" Pussy asked.

"I don't know. When she wakes up we'll find out."

"Boss, you're shaking," Snake said.

Devil looked down at his hands to see that he was actually shaking.

"Gonzalez paid a visit to the house today. He wasn't expecting me at home, and he brought with him one of the bastards that works for him, Ronald." He kept his gaze on the glass.

Ripper's head was pressed against Judi's hand. Lexie was holding onto his shoulder, trying with all of her might to comfort him.

In his mind, Devil saw Ronald pressing her against the counter, about to rape her. He didn't know how far Ronald or Gonzalez would have taken it, but that was already too much for him.

"Fuck, boss," Pussy said. "Why didn't you call us?"

"There wasn't enough time. By the time I realized he was in my house, there was no time to warn anyone." Devil pressed a hand to the glass. His gaze was on Lexie. He loved Judi like a daughter, but Lexie was his very reason for breathing. She'd been pretty shaken up by what was happening, and he'd seen the way Simon held onto her.

His son was as protective of Lexie as he was.

"What did they want?" Death asked.

"I don't know what he wanted. I could have shot him and ended all of this." He spoke the words through gritted teeth. Years ago, before he met Lexie, he'd have killed Gonzalez without any worry of anything happening to the woman. He'd met Lexie, and now he couldn't take any risks.

"Then why f**king didn't you?" Snake asked. "We're all waiting for a reason and an opportunity to take this man out and you pass it up?"

Staring at his woman and then at the bed, he could only see part of Judi's face. She didn't deserve this, and neither did his woman.

"Ronald had a gun at Lexie's head. I could take out Gonzalez, but Ronald was going to kill Lexie. He could have also taken out one of my kids before I shot him. There was too much to lose." He kept his gaze on his woman, needing to know in his heart that she was safe.

His men were silent for several moments.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I know what I lost today. Judi's attack had to have been happening while he was with us. We know Everett is dead, and Pussy killed Homer. Who else does he have to work for him?" Devil wasn't going to allow this to simply pass him. He was going to get retribution for Kayla and for Judi.

"I don't know. He's got favors. We know that much from Whizz and the Fort Wills police force."

Turning away from the window, Devil wiped at his eyes in an attempt to clear his thoughts. He had to think.

"There could be someone on the police force, but they wouldn't risk it. Gonzalez would know that's where we go for first."

Staring at his men, he waited for them to come up with an idea. They all looked as confused as he was.

"It has to be one of the pimps over at the apartment blocks," Ripper said.

Devil turned to see Ripper standing in the doorway. His eyes were red-rimmed, and he looked like shit.

"You don't need to be part of this. We're trying to figure shit out. Your woman needs you."

"Judi's not waking up anytime soon. She put up a fight. Whoever it was broke into our house. They did a rape kit." Ripper paused as he stared at the ground.

Devil felt his gut tighten.

"Whoever it was they didn't get a chance to do anything more than beat her up. I didn't hear or see anything when I walked in. It had to be me arriving that was the reason he stopped before he violated her further. I didn't give myself a chance to f**king listen for someone escaping. Fuck, I could have taken this f**ker out." Ripper cupped the back of his head, cursing.

"You can't blame yourself, and you did stop him from hurting her further," Devil said. He had no doubt of Ripper's love for Judi. Everyone in the club knew Ripper would die trying to save Judi.

"Shit, boss, what do you think this is all about?" Pussy asked.

Twisting away from the group, he watched as his woman sat in the chair that Ripper had vacated. She was stroking Judi's brow, probably talking to her.

"Gonzalez is playing a game. I don't think this is personal. I actually don't think he gives a shit about an alliance with us or with The Skulls. All these attacks, the deaths, this is a warning for others. When Gonzalez takes over, either join him or die, it's as simple as that. There's no getting away from this."

"I want to find the f**ker who did this. The only people Gonzalez can send to Judi are pimps. Whizz didn't reach out to them. They're the only ones left close enough to Piston County to be left alone. None of us have gone searching for the pimps. We've been too f**king busy with all this shit. He's got a couple of them over at the apartment blocks where Judi used to work." Ripper wiped a hand down his face. "I need to be part of this. I can't sit around and watch her like this. I shouldn't have abandoned her this morning. Fuck!"

Ripper glanced behind him.

"This is not something you should do today," Devil said.

"Yes, it is. When Judi wakes up, I'm not leaving her side. Whoever did this needs to be caught today. I'm not handing him over to the law. I'm going to kill him."

"Get the boys," Devil said, agreeing with him. "We'll meet at the apartment block where we first met Judi."

They all left him stood outside of Judi's room.

Letting out a breath, he closed his eyes as he tried to think past the pain of what had happened to Judi. She was under the Chaos Bleeds' protection. Not only was she the princess of the club, his adopted daughter, but she was also an old lady and the men loved her.

When he could stand it no more he walked inside the room.

Judi's face was badly bruised, and she had a white bandage all over her head. Lexie held her hand, and he saw Judi's hand had another bandage. Her leg was covered in a cast. He recalled the doctor say her leg had been broken. When he asked how that was possible, the doctor explained that with enough force on the body the bone could break easily.

"Devil, she's hurting," Lexie said.

"She can't feel it." He moved behind his woman, placing a hand on her shoulder. "I promise the doctor promised that."

"I'm not talking about now. I'm talking about during the attack. She fought back, Devil. She fought back harder than ever before. No one should have had to go through this." Lexie glanced over her should at him. "What are you going to do?"

"The boys are rounding up some men. We're going to take care of this, and I promise you, nothing else will happen."

"What do you want me to do?" she asked.

"Get in touch with Phoebe. Tell her to get our kids and herself to the clubhouse. I'll put a guard on Judi's door. I doubt Ripper's going to leave her side without a fight."

"He's left her side now."

"Only to get a little payback. Before the end of this day, he'll be back and waiting for her to wake up."

Lexie covered his hand with her own. "This is a nightmare. Do you have a clue who did this?" she asked.

"I don't know who did it, but I'm not going to stop until I find out the truth. You've got my word on that, Lexie." He leaned down to brush a kiss against her cheek. "I'm going to retaliate for your sister, and I'm going to make sure whoever did this will not be walking around by the end of the day."

He saw she closed her eyes as he kissed her cheek.

"What about Gonzalez?" she asked.

"I'll talk to Tiny. I think we're going to be heading back to Fort Wills before long. It's time to put an end to this."

"I love you," she said.

"I love you, too, baby. You don't need to tell me what you're thinking or feeling just to get me moving." He tried to tease her.

"I'm not. I know this time it's worse than ever before."

"I'm going to send one of the boys to you here." Devil kissed her cheek and reluctantly walked out of the room. He looked back at her, to see Lexie grasping Judi's hand and praying.

She shouldn't be praying.

Without giving it anymore thought, he left the hospital and grabbed his cell phone out of his pocket. Dialing Tiny's number, he waited for the other man to answer.

"What the f**k do you want now?" Tiny asked.

"Gonzalez paid me a visit today."

"Is he dead?"

"No. I couldn't kill him. He brought a friend who would have killed Lexie. I love my woman a lot more alive than with a bullet through her head."

Tiny cursed. "I don't know about you, Devil, but I'm getting tired of men trying to use our women against us."

"I hear you. Kayla, Lexie's sister, was used as a test for Everett. Gonzalez wanted to know if the guy would do whatever he asked. He got his answer."

"Eva wants to know how Lexie is holding up."

Devil sighed. "That's what I've got to tell you. Someone went after Judi. She's been beaten up pretty bad and is surviving in a medically induced coma. We're waiting to see how she is when she wakes up."

It was taking every ounce of strength to keep in his anger. No one went after his family, and the more he thought about it, the angrier he was becoming.

"Fuck, I'm sorry."

"I want to organize the wedding. I want Gonzalez vulnerable, and I want to kill whoever is working for him." Devil stopped, moving the cell phone to his other ear. "The faster we put this f**ker in the ground, the happier I'll be."

"He's coming after all of our family. That leaves a couple of thoughts, he lied, which we know he did, or he's getting desperate. We know he's lost what his father created back in Europe."

Devil listened as Tiny started to list everything Gonzalez had left behind. "He wants Piston County, Fort Wills, and Vegas, and I bet he plans to expand his business there. Who needs a base in Europe if he controls most of the states here?"

"I got a call from Ned last night," Tiny said. "He didn't know about the hit on Eva, but he caught one of Gonzalez's men. A pimp and drug dealer who Whizz couldn't get in touch with. He was paid to start looking at the competition in Vegas. Slowly, he was going to build up a portfolio for Gonzalez to come and use people against them. Ned hasn't been attacked in some time, and he's found a way past the system to get us some men. Whizz has taken all the men Gonzalez pitted against us. The cops and men in Fort Wills are no longer answering Gonzalez's calls. We're ahead at the moment, but we don't know if he's got more people up his sleeves."

"What are you trying to say?" Devil asked, straddling his bike. He saw one of his men, Butler, he believed, drive into the hospital. A few months ago Butler had been one of the brothers who spent a great deal of time at the bottom of a bottle and some coke rather than face whatever problems he had. When Devil ordered rehab, Butler was one of the first men to take the rehab and get better.

Butler pulled in front of him.

"I'm saying that I'm in talks with Ned. We're going to get a few of his men here within the week. The more men we have wanting to get rid of Gonzalez the better we'll be."

"Okay, we'll deal with it in a week. That what we agreeing on, one week?"

"Yeah, I'm going to get Butch to put the women in a secured location while we lure Gonzalez into the town hall. The aim is to have minimal civilians present."

"Eva's been making plans then."

"Yeah, she's been having my balls, but I can't argue with her when I'm wrong." Tiny sounded stressed even over the line.

"I'm going to start some retaliation here. I can't let shit like this stand. We're agreeing on a week until the wedding. Don't worry, we won't be staying around too long."

"Devil," Tiny said.

"No, you called my women whores. I'm not going to just forgive. We sort out this mess with Gonzalez, and then I suggest we go our separate ways. I don't agree with how you run the club or Alex's involvement. Once this is done, we're done."

Devil hung up the phone.

"Are you sure you want to do that?" Butler asked.

"You weren't there when he called our women whores. I'm not interested in what he's got to say or do. I've got a club to run and take care of." Pocketing his cell phone, Devil took one last look at the hospital. "Lexie's alone in Judi's room. Keep an eye on both of them. I don't want anything to happen to either of them. Protect them both as if they were your own women."

"I will. Judi and Lexie are our women. They're protected by the club. I'm not going to forget that."

Devil agreed. "I'm going to join the rest of the men." He climbed onto his bike and kicked off.

Life was turning to shit faster than he liked. With the danger this morning of losing his woman, Devil wasn't in the best of moods. Other people were going about their regular day getting ready for work, or f**king their women. He was looking for a man to kill.

Thinking about Kayla, Devil gripped the handles of his bike. He didn't like or even love Kayla, but his woman did. Without Kayla, he wouldn't have met Lexie, and he did love that woman.

Today, he was going to do a hell of a lot more than kill a man. He was going to set about taking down Gonzalez once and for all.

He drove toward the apartment block where he first met Judi and discovered Lexie and his son. The buildings were not in a good condition. In fact, on the outside they looked like a crumbling mess. Part of the roofs on one of the buildings was bare. He hoped no one was being forced to live in the top floor.

"This place is a f**king mess," Death said.

"It's a mess that we all need to deal with." Devil cut his engine as he looked toward the building. What he saw didn't sit well with him. Several girls, no older than fifteen, were sitting on the steps. Some of them were dressed in chemises, displaying the goods, and some of them were dressed as schoolgirls.

"What the f**k!" Death growled each word out as they all took in the scene before them. This was worse than Judi.

No one seemed to care what was happening. The sight before him sickened him. Seeing young girls, not even women, dressing to take clients made Devil want to vomit. People called him a cradle snatcher because of his love of Lexie. This was just plain f**king disgusting.

"This is what happened when Jerry got killed." Devil shook his head. He didn't much like Jerry the pimp, but at least he didn't go for girls who weren't legal. This was blatantly illegal, wrong, and Devil knew he needed to put a stop to it. He didn't care for anything legal, but he didn't agree to underage girls, or forced prostitution. "We did this," Devil said.

"We didn't do this," Ripper said, disputing him.

"Who were the ones who transported girls? We were the ones who did this. We brought them here and gave Gonzalez the perfect ground for them to earn money because we didn't stop it." Devil's stomach was turning with every second that passed.

He watched one of the girls approach a car. She was the one dressed as a schoolgirl. The man in the car was middle aged, wearing a business suit.

"This has got to stop," Devil said. Throwing his bike to the ground, Devil pulled out the second gun he owned. Before driving to the hospital, he'd taken the other gun out of the safe. He didn't like going without his firearms. They were what helped him to deal with the sudden threat he faced.

Devil heard the other men behind him, preparing to take out the f**ker.

"How much will it be for a night?" the guy asked.

The closer Devil got, the more determined he was to take this f**ker out.

"It's over two hundred," the girl said, stammering over her words. She was nothing more than a baby. He thought about Elizabeth.

The thought of his daughter having to do this to make a living or because she was taken against her will filled him with rage. No woman, no matter how old, should have to go through this kind of pain and torture.

Loading the gun, he opened the passenger side of the door and pressed the gun against the man's temple. The girl jumped back as she took in the whole crew.

"Scream and we'll kill you," Devil said, not meaning the words but knowing he needed to keep her quiet.

The girl nodded. This was a touch of deja vu for him. With Judi he stopped the pimp from hurting her, and now he was stopping a man from buying the girl's services.

"Now, you sick f**k. You do know you're buying the services of a minor, right?" Devil asked, keeping the barrel of his gun pressed to the man's head.

"No, I didn't."

"I know you can't be that stupid."

"I was told I could come here for a bit of light relief. No one mentioned the women were underage. Please, I swear, I didn't know her age."

Running the tip of his gun down the man's neck, Devil laughed. "Get the f**k out of here before I change my mind."

The car pulled away from the apartment block. The girl stared at him with tears in her eyes.

"I needed to pull in enough money to stay here," the girl said.

"How old are you?" he asked.

She placed a hand on her hip giving him attitude. "I'm eighteen."

"Nice try, honey. You're not a day older than sixteen. Now tell me, how old are you?"

His men gathered around him ready to get the answer if she wouldn't give it to him. The girl licked her lips, looking nervous. She wore too much makeup, and the attitude was starting to be replaced by fear.

"I just do what I have to do to survive."

"How old are you?"

"I'm fifteen, and I'll be sixteen in a few weeks. You don't understand. I've got to pull my weight otherwise they'll give my spot to another girl, and I don't want to go working in the clubs. You can't pick any of the men you want, and you've got to have everyone. At least working here I can take who I want."

Her hands were shaking as she pushed some hair off her face. Devil got a clear shot of the bruises along her arm. Underneath all the makeup she wore, he imagined her face was bruised.

"Where's your pimp?" Devil asked.

"Why?"

Was she going to protect him?

Devil wasn't in the mood to start arguing with the bitch.

"Look, you either tell me where he is, as otherwise I'm going to start shooting. If he gets away and you survive he's going to come back for you."

"He went out this morning. I was with him last night so he could dish out his warning. He's with Samantha on the third floor. Last door on the right," the girl said.

"Okay, don't go anywhere."

"Why?" she asked.

"Because if you go somewhere then I won't get the chance to get you somewhere safe before someone else comes looking for you. If you want to continue this line of work, then run." Devil walked away. He didn't know if she was going to wait around or run.

Either way, the pimp was going to get it.

The women and girls moved out of the way. They were bright enough to stay silent as Chaos Bleeds passed. Maybe it had something to do with the guns they were holding, or it could be down to the fact no one liked the pimp they were working for.

Walking up the stairs, Devil went in the direction of where the girl said they should go. He wondered what her name was.

When they got to the third floor, Devil heard the feminine cries of pain along with a masculine voice yelling.

"When a man tells you to suck his f**king dick, you f**king suck his dick."

Moving down the corridor, Devil heard the sound of flesh on flesh.

"Please, stop."

"A customer wants to take your ass without a f**king rubber, you bend down and beg him to f**k you."

"This f**ker needs ending."

The door at the long corridor wasn't even closed. Whoever was in here knew he wouldn't be disturbed. There was no fear of getting caught or told not to do anything.

Pushing the door open, Devil was surprised it didn't creak on its hinges. Not moving from the doorway, Devil saw there was a single ratty chair. The scent of cigarette smoke and stale sex hung in the air. In the center of the room a large man was slapping a woman across the face. Blood ran down from her nose, and one of her eyes was swollen shut. Her body was naked, and he spotted more bruises from kicks and hits.

"You're a f**king whore. You do what you're told to do. The only thing you f**king worship is c**k and f**king me." He landed another blow.

Tired of seeing the woman being beaten, Devil aimed and fired at the floor beside the pimp.

The pimp dropped the woman and turned around.

"Good, I'm glad I got your attention. I was starting to get a little f**ked off with waiting."

"Who the f**k are you?" the pimp asked. The girl started to crawl toward them. "I don't f**king think so, bitch. They want a slut for a gangbang, then you're f**king doing it."

The woman could barely stand.

"You work for Gonzalez?" Devil asked.

"I work for my f**king self," he said, growling.

"What's your name?" Devil asked.

"What's it to you?" The girl whimpered as he gripped her hair, pulling her off the floor. This guy was f**king dead regardless of what he did to Judi. Devil wasn't going to allow this man to live with what he'd seen.

"I'm a curious man. I want to know who's working for Gonzalez and selling underage girls," Devil said.

"His name's Donovan," the girl said.

"What you f**king say, bitch."

"Devil, around his wrist, look," Ripper said.

Focusing his gaze on the man's wrist, he saw the bracelet that Judi liked to wear. He didn't know why she liked to wear it. She had more than enough jewelry to replace it, but she enjoyed wearing it.

"Well, Donovan, this morning you paid a visit to a woman for your boss."

Donovan looked up at him as if he'd grown a second head.

"That woman was once a working girl in these parts. I bet that's what he told you."

"What's it to you?"

He didn't know how Ripper was containing his anger. Devil knew if it was him, he'd be slaughtering this man.

"She's a very important person to me and to the club. Why did you go to her place today?"

"Gonzalez told me she was a whore who needed to be put in her place." Donovan released Samantha, finally seeing the danger he was in. "What's it got to do with you?"

"That woman is my f**king wife," Ripper said, stepping beside Devil. "She's in a coma, and she's not a f**king whore."

Donovan started to walk backwards.

Samantha was smart. She pressed herself up against the wall out of their way.

When Donovan made a run for it, Devil aimed at his foot, catching the edge of his foot. The pimp went down screaming.

There was no satisfaction in the sound.

Grabbing a chair, Devil pulled it into the center of the room.

"Get me some tape," Devil said.

He was surprised when Samantha passed him the round of tape.

Staring at her beaten face, he shook his head.

"Do you know where the Chaos Bleeds clubhouse is?" he asked.

She nodded. "We all know about it."

"Then gather the girls and whoever you think needs protection. Go to the clubhouse. There will be men there. Tell them that Devil sent you. They'll take care of you."

Samantha walked out of the apartment as best she could. Her body was clearly protesting every single move.

"You go there and you're f**king dead, Samantha. Everyone you know is dead." Donovan yelled the words before Devil got chance to put tape across his mouth. She stared at the pimp who'd been beating her up.

One of the boys handed her a jacket to keep her covered.

"It doesn't matter what you say," she said. "You've taken everything away from me anyway. There's nothing else to take."

She left the room leaving Donovan screaming after her.

"That's what you get when you start to hurt the women around you," Devil said.

Ripper grabbed the man's face. "You were the one who beat up Judi? My woman."

Donovan smiled. "She screamed while I did it. Begged for you to come and save her."

Over and over Ripper landed punches, one after the other against the man's face.

Today was not the day for their enemies to test their resolve. Devil was determined to get answers one way or the other.

****

Lexie looked up from Judi lying on the hospital bed to see Butler reappear. He'd been sitting in the room for the last three hours. She didn't know if he'd heard from Devil. Glancing down at her cell phone she saw that he hadn't gotten in touch with her. This was what she hated the most. She knew he was going to risk his life to get justice for Judi. The thought of something bad happening filled her with dread.

"Have you heard anything?" she asked.

"No, nothing. I got a call from the clubhouse. Several girls have turned up saying they were there from Devil. If he's sent them you bet your sweet ass that he's fine. He wouldn't let anything happen to those girls, and he's got a handle on the situation."

She nodded and locked her fingers with Judi's.

"I know I should be hating the fact that he's hurting someone, but I don't care. Whoever laid a finger on Judi deserves to die." She reached out to push some hair off Judi's face. Seeing her with wires hooked up to a machine made her feel sick. Judi loved life, and this image of her wasn't right.

"Whoever it was who beat her up was also selling underage girls. They're at the clubhouse, but we've got to be careful with this," Butler said.

"I'm going to get myself a coffee and stretch my legs. Will you keep an eye on her?" she asked.

"Sure."

Leaving the room, she made her way toward the coffee machine. Pressing the buttons, she cricked her neck to try and pull out the knots.

Lexie took her cup and moved away from the machine, heading outside of the hospital. She made sure to check all the available exits in case of emergencies. Her life had changed so much since she became Devil's woman that she needed to make sure there were ways for her to escape.

Taking out her cell phone, she pressed Devil's number and waited for him to answer. The phone rang and rang, but he didn't answer at first.

She kept ringing so he'd know not to mess with her and to answer the call.

"Baby," he said, on the fifth time she called his cell. "I can't talk to you right now."

"No, you can't do this to me." She moved away from anyone eavesdropping.

"I've got to."

There was a scream in the background.

"Are you sure he's the one?"

"Yes, we're sure. I need you to go to the clubhouse. I've sent a bunch of women, and there is going to be a hell of a lot more sent. I'm going to eradicate Gonzalez from Piston County."

"Devil, I'm with you on everything, but are you sure to do this now? I want Gonzalez gone as much as you, but I don't want it to risk your life," she said, panicking.

"I've thought about it. I'm done thinking about it. The girls are not old enough, Lexie. I need you to do this for me and to trust what I'm doing."

"I'm scared of anything happening to you."

The screaming started to fade, and she knew he was moving away from the noise.

"I know, but I can promise you, I'll make sure I survive. I need you to do this for me. If you don't, Gonzalez is going to win. I need to fight him at all angles."

"Okay, I'll do this. Please, don't be so long between calling," she said.

"I won't, baby. I need you. One of the girls is fifteen."

Lexie closed her eyes, thinking about when she was fifteen. She would have died by now if she'd gone through that. "What do you need me to do?" Lexie trusted Devil. She didn't want him to die. He was her life, he and their kids.

She listened to his instructions, hating the fact she was having to do this. Girls at the age of fifteen should be thinking about their future or if they should let their boyfriends kiss them.

"I'll do it."

Closing her cell phone, she walked into the hospital. Butler was reading a magazine. He looked at her when she entered.

"I'm going to the club. I've organized for Phoebe to pick me up. Devil wants me to be there for the girls."

"He told me." Butler waved his cell phone in front of him. "It's going to be hard for them, but you're the only person suited for the job."

She didn't believe him. Lexie grabbed her bag and walked back out of the hospital.

Finishing off her coffee, she saw Phoebe pull into the hospital grounds. Rushing toward the car, she climbed into the passenger side.

"Hey," she said.

"This is f**king crazy," Phoebe said. "Vincent called me to come and collect you. He's told me everything that's going on. Is Judi doing any better?"

"No, she's not."

She looked in the back to see all of their kids cramped in together.

"What happened to Vincent looking after the kids?" she asked.

"Devil gave him an order to go to the strip club. I'm not going to argue. I don't want to end up divorced. Even though Vincent drives me crazy, I still love him."

Lexie placed her bag between her legs and looked out of the window. "I hate this. I hate that we're having to deal with this. Between Tiny and Devil, I don't know what to expect anymore."

"They're a force to be reckoned with." Phoebe pushed the hair out of her face and drove to the compound.

Lexie saw the girls outside of the compound. Several of the men were trying to keep the women together.

"Fucking hell. They're f**king babies," Phoebe said.

Staring at the clubhouse entrance, Lexie sighed. "This is going to be a long day. I don't want to even start with all of this shit."

She climbed out of the car and walked into the main foyer of the clubhouse. Women in trashy clothes and different stages of undress surrounded her.

Putting her purse into the office, she looked around her.

Devil wanted her to check the women over to see which ones needed hospital attention and others rehab.

"Right, listen up. I want the ones of you who've been on drugs to line up on the right side and the rest of you on the left. I need us all to do this, so be honest."

For the next four hours Lexie worked meticulously to get the girls into some kind of order. She gave Phoebe money to go and get loads of clothes so they could dress the girls. By the time Devil walked through the clubhouse doors, she was collapsed over the table.

The women were not around as she'd housed them in the spare rooms of the clubhouse and others had been sent to rehab.

"Hey, baby," he said, rubbing the back of her neck.

"I'm so f**king tired right now," she said, groaning as he rubbed the back of her neck. "No, stop. I'll fall asleep right now." She shrugged off his touch and sat up.

She left the table and walked into his office to give them privacy.

"I got a call from Butler. Ripper arrived, but Butler's sticking around to keep an eye on them both."

Pressing a hand to her stomach, Lexie turned to look at him. "What are you going to do now?" she asked.

"I'm going to make sure the girls are not here by force."

"The man who was screaming over the phone, he was the one who attacked Judi?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Why did it take you so long to get here?" she asked.

The girls she'd seen today scared her. She, like so many others, knew that it happened, but it was different from actually realizing it.

"We were seeing where Gonzalez was storing more girls."

"There are more?"

"Yes."

She turned to face the desk for support.

Devil's hands landed on her hips. "I'm really sorry you're having to do this. This is not what I wanted to ask of you."

"It's not your fault, Devil. This is all Gonzalez. Some of them were too drugged up to care. I saw the track marks on their arms. They were drugged not to care," Lexie said.

He pulled her against him. Both of his arms wrapped around her, surrounding her with love.

"I know. This is the harsh reality that Gonzalez has set up. We don't have any choice in this, baby."

"What are you going to do?" she asked, staring at him.

Devil caught her lips in a strong, dominating kiss. Whenever he did that, she knew she wasn't going to like what he said.

"I'm going to cause a little bit of chaos before we head to Fort Wills. Once and for all, this is going to be over, Lexie."

"You can't do this. Those girls-"

"I'm already organizing for those girls to be taken care of. The women that are staying around here now will be gone by the middle of the night. They're going to be gone." He cupped her cheeks, turning her head. "I'd never put you in danger, baby."

She believed him. She only hoped that Gonzalez didn't anticipate this move from her.

Chapter Sixteen

Lacey was lying in her bed staring up at the ceiling. It had been three days since her encounter at the graveyard. She'd been with Whizz twice, the first man she'd f**ked willingly in her whole life.

She rubbed at her eyes. It was her second night of restless sleep. Climbing off the bed, she padded toward the window to stare out at the night. She wore a pair of silk pants and a vest shirt for the warm night air.

She touched her lips truly believing she could feel Whizz's lips on hers. Danny and Dalton had been talking with Butch. They were keeping her out of the planning stage of their revenge, which she was fine with. She couldn't stop thinking about Whizz from The Skulls. He dominated her thoughts like the nightmares used to.

Was he thinking about her?

The thought of him standing at the window in the clubhouse with her on his mind left a smile on her face. She really did like the thought of him thinking about her.

Her door opened, and she saw Dalton was watching her.

"You can't sleep?" he asked.

"I'm not tired." She returned her attention outside.

"This isn't because you're tired. It's because of him."

She looked back at him. "What do you want, Dalton? It's late. If you want to talk then we can talk. If you want to continue telling me what I do and don't want, then please, leave."

"The club has been waiting for this chance of revenge for twenty years."

Licking her lips, she moved toward the bed, taking a seat and tucking her legs underneath her.

"Do you think I'm going to stop your chance for revenge, or hinder you in any way?" she asked.

She'd tied her blue hair on top of her head.

"No, I don't, but I also don't know who I'm staring at. You've changed, Lacey, and I don't know what to think about that."

He took a seat on the end of her bed.

"You really don't want to know about me," she said.

"Ever since you've been seeing him the nightmares have stopped. I've even seen you smile a few times. Before he came along, you were fighting everything and everyone."

"Have you got a point to make?" she asked.

Dalton growled. "See, you don't give a shit what's going on."

"I give a shit. I really do give a shit, but I don't see that causing problems for Butch is going to help us. You and Danny have this figured out. Both of you think you can rid the world of the pain that was inflicted upon us. I've got a newsflash for both of you. We can kill Gonzalez, even torture him before we finally kill him, but it's not going to change the fact that our parents are still dead. We're not going to suddenly turn into normal people who don't have scars. We've got a lot of scars."

She pushed away from the bed once again to move away from his closeness.

"What are you going to do when he finds out the truth?" Dalton asked.

Lacey had been thinking about telling Whizz the truth more and more. She didn't know what he'd think or how he'd react.

It can't be that bad.

They'd been together twice, and she didn't know what it meant.

Dalton released a sigh. "I love you, Lacey. There was a time I thought I loved you deeper than a sister, but I realized you'd never see me like that. I thought you wouldn't see any man like that. I was wrong. Whizz, he's different, isn't he?"

Tears filled her vision as she thought about the computer geek that Whizz was. She knew so much about him while he knew next to nothing about her. It didn't seem fair at all.

"He doesn't know what happened to me. When he looks at me, he doesn't see the damaged, broken girl. He sees the scars and knows I've been through something, but he wasn't there to witness it." She returned her gaze to Dalton.

There was no hiding the pain in his eyes.

"You can't move on with us because we've seen you at your most vulnerable?" he asked.

"You've seen me when I didn't want anyone to see me. I see the way you look at me, Dalton. You may think you want more, but when you look at me you still see that ten year old girl." She stopped to lick her dry lips. Talking with Dalton about his feelings had always left her uncomfortable. For a man, he always needed to talk. She hated talking. "I'm thirty years old."

"Whizz doesn't know you."

"But he doesn't treat me with kid gloves. Yes, he knows something bad happened in the past, but he wasn't there to protect and save me. When he looks at me, he sees a woman he desires."

"Do you really think he'll see you that way when the truth comes out?"

She shrugged. "I don't care what he thinks. I love you like a brother, Dalton. I'll never change my thoughts or my feelings."

Staring out of the window she wondered what Whizz was doing right that second.

"Danny doesn't trust you," Dalton said.

"I'm not going to go talking to Whizz in my spare time. I don't want him to find out the truth from me." She had thought of going to the clubhouse and finding Tiny and talking to him. Each time she thought about it, she was overcome with regret. Whizz wouldn't be the same with her once he knew the truth.

This was her problem.

"Lacey, you're going to get hurt."

"I know what I'm doing."

She didn't have the first clue what she was doing, and the last time she saw Whizz was a testament to that fact.

"Fine, I'll leave you to it."

Lacey watched Dalton leave her room.

You've got to tell Whizz before someone else does.

Closing her eyes, she rested her head against the glass. If she told him who she was then she risked him hating her.

The Savage Brothers deserve this.

She was torn in two between doing the right thing by the club and following her heart. In her mind she went back twenty years to the man holding her down while he took what he wanted. He wasn't the first man to use her, nor was he the last. Opening her eyes she stared at her reflection. Twenty years had passed since that moment. She was stronger, harder, and alive. That was the main thing for her. She was alive to see another day.

Whizz may be the first man who gave her an orgasm, or made her feel anything but anger, but he wouldn't be the last.

You're lying to yourself.

She wasn't going to give up her club for a nice bit of cock. Even as she thought the words, she knew it was wrong. Whizz was a lot more than a willing body.

****

Whizz sat at the bar in The Skulls clubhouse. He couldn't get the scent or sound of Lacey out of his head. She'd come around his c**k as he pummeled inside her. Resting his head on his hand, he stared at his fingers. He'd stroked her clit, and she'd cried out so well.

Get her out of your head.

"What's on your mind?" Killer asked, taking a seat. He was holding his son as Kelsey helped to clean away the mess.

"Nothing."

"You don't look like you've got nothing on your mind. In fact, you look like you've got a woman on the brain." Killer turned his son and placed his head over his shoulder. "Any vomit will go down my back."

"Dude, I don't know how you can stand to have a kid vomit on you."

With kids being pushed out left, right, and center, Whizz had seen too much vomit and baby shit to last him a lifetime. Sure, they were all cute and sweet, but he really didn't want to see anything more than he already had.

"He's my son. You've just got to learn to love all things baby."

Whizz dropped his hand to his thigh and turned toward the counter. He was sipping a soda as he thought about Lacey.

"Come on, Whizz. You can talk to me."

Releasing a sigh, he looked at his friend.

"I met a woman at the cafe a few weeks ago," he said.

"That's great. Who is she?"

He shrugged. "I don't know who she is." He'd checked the databases, but nothing came up matching her description. She didn't carry identification, and she'd not given him any other clue as to who she was.

"Seriously? You don't have a f**king clue who she is?"

Whizz shook his head. "I only know her first name and the fact she has blue hair." He loved her blue hair. She didn't dye her hair to get attention. When she sat across from him in the cafe, he didn't get the sense that she wanted attention. She was reserved, quiet, and she was broken.

Like you. She's broken just like you.

Only, Lacey didn't look at the scars and ask questions. She knew he was going through crap, and yet she was more interested in something else.

"Blue hair."

Killer was trying to show an interest.

"Look, there's nothing I need to talk about. I like her, but nothing is going to come of it." He thought about the fact he'd f**ked her without a condom twice. The last thing he wanted to think about was where he'd f**ked her the other night.

Sitting on a bench in the graveyard hadn't bothered him at the time. He'd gotten her tits out and loved watching her take his cock.

"I'm sorry, man. You're not exactly forthcoming with the details. Are you keeping stuff to yourself?" Killer asked.

"No. You know, I'm going to bed. I need to get ready for what Tiny wants me to do." He used their current predicament to get out of the way. Talking about Lacey with his friend seemed wrong. He didn't want to share her or what they'd done together.

Going upstairs to his room, he sat on his bed and stared at the blank computer screens. He didn't want to look her up on the net anymore.

You can't have her.

Running fingers through his hair, he moved toward his selection of weights. Picking one of the smaller weights up, he started to work on his arms.

"When I'm done with you, no woman is going to want to f**k you."

Alan's voice echoed through his mind, drawing him away from the present. He fought the memory as hard as he could.

"Whizz, f**k me, harder, please."

As if she was there in the room, Whizz opened his eye to find himself alone, but he was no longer trapped in the distant nightmare of his past.

Putting the weight down on the floor, he grabbed his jacket along with his piece. It wasn't safe for a Skull to go wandering around. He left through the back exit where no one would see him. Whizz didn't know where he was going to go or how he was going to find her.

He set out in the direction of the graveyard. There seemed to be more chance of finding her there than anywhere else.

Gripping the gates, he stared into the darkness thinking how crazy he was being. There was no way he'd meet a woman at a graveyard. He was clearly going insane.

"Should I be worried that you're outside of a graveyard again?" Lacey asked, appearing by his side.

Turning to look at her, Whizz saw she rested her head against the metal fence.

"What's your excuse?" he asked, not responding to her.

"I've got no excuse as to why I want to be near a graveyard other than it's the only place I see you."

He reached out and touched her cheek.

"Then we've got to stop meeting like this."

"There's no other chance of us meeting. There's stuff you don't know about me, Whizz. Stuff I can't tell you."

"Do I look like I care?" he asked. Whizz really didn't care. The only person he wanted to think about right now was Lacey. She was all he cared about.

"There's going to come a point when you really will care, Whizz." She touched his hand.

"Why do we have to make this to be something it's not?" he asked. "I don't want to complicate this. This is the first time in months where I'm not waiting for the nightmares to come. There's something about you, Lacey, I don't know what it is, but I can't stay away from you. I don't want to stay away from you, and I don't think you want to stay away from me either."

Pulling her in front of him, Whizz stared into her eyes. She was so incredibly beautiful, and yet he hadn't seen all of her in the cold light of day. He didn't want to do this, sneaking around to see her.

"There are things going on that even you can't control, Whizz."

"I know. I know there's a reason you're in Fort Wills, but right now, I don't care. It's selfish, possibly the most selfish thing that I've done, but I promise you, whatever reason you're here for, I don't want to know." Whizz knew in his heart he was making a mistake. For the good of the club he needed to know what was happening and when. For once, he just wanted this to be about him, not the club.

He cupped her face, tilting her head back.

"Now, I'm going to kiss you and you're going to shut up."

Closing the gap between them, he brushed his lips along hers. The electricity was amazing. He never wanted to let her go. If there was a way to keep her all to himself, he'd love the opportunity.

"What are we doing?" she asked.

"Making memories." Plunging his tongue inside her mouth, Whizz released the hold he had on his sanity and devoured her.

Chapter Seventeen

Lexie watched the last red light zoom off into the distance. The girls were now gone to either rehab or safe locations. Not one of them was in possession of a phone or any way to get in contact with Gonzalez. She was scared for them and for the club.

"What did you do?" she asked, turning to look at her husband.

Devil had removed his leather jacket and jewelry. The only piece of metal on his person was his gold wedding ring that she'd given him and ordered him to wear.

"I didn't do anything, and I've not done anything."

"You killed someone. What if Gonzalez finds out?" She wasn't in the mood to play games anymore. Her children were once again on lockdown. That very morning she'd had a gun pointed at her head as she was held against her will. She had to watch Devil fight the urge to kill the bastard because of her.

"He's not going to find a body. No one will ever find that f**king pimp again. We cleared out the apartment buildings. The only people there were whores, Lexie." Devil stood behind her, wrapping an arm around her waist. "I know you hate hearing about it, but this place and those apartments had changed since you were last there."

"All of the people gone."

"Yeah. Gonzalez has turned it into a vessel for all the girls he buys. He sticks them in there and put them to work. You saw some of them, Lex. They were not even legal."

She closed her eyes as she recalled the lost innocence staring back at her. One girl was fifteen, and she was wearing a school uniform, only this girl had no intention of going to school.

"I hate this."

"When I saw those girls, I saw Elizabeth. If I don't take matters into my own hands, Gonzalez is going to have all the control. He's going to kill us and take what he wants for scraps."

She placed a hand to her head. "Please, enough."

"I know what you're going through. This is exactly what I've been dealing with, baby. There's nothing we can do with what's going on. Gonzalez has all the cards, and I'm going to take them away one by f**king one."

Lexie turned in his arms and placed her palms against his chest. "You're going to get yourself killed."

He shook his head. "No, I'm not going to get myself killed." She felt his hand on her stomach. "I've got to stay alive to see this little scrap come into the world."

She smiled, resting her head against his chest. His large arms banded around her, keeping her strong. "The thought of anything happening to you makes me sick to my stomach."

Devil kissed the top of her head, not saying anything.

"What's your plan?" she asked, when the silence suddenly became unbearable.

"Do you really want to know our plan?" he asked.

"Yes."

He took her hand and walked her through the main clubhouse toward the back. Devil closed the office door, flicking the lock into place. He released her hand and moved toward his desk.

Tucking loose strands of hair behind her ear, she stared at him, waiting.

"I can't tell you exactly what I'm going to do, but I can tell you that I'm going to set some plans in motion that will lead up to us leaving."

"Are there going to be more people killed?"

"Yes. I'm taking out any f**ker related to Gonzalez. He's got people on the force, and there's a couple of pimps hanging around. Torturing Donovan revealed he's keeping several girls and pimps at Jerry's old place."

She gasped, pressing a hand to her lips. "Does this man have no f**king respect?"

"No, he doesn't. This is what I'm talking about, Lex. He's got to be stopped otherwise there's going to be a lot more of our women in the hospital." He stepped and looked down at his feet. "Judi's in the hospital because of this f**ker, and thinking of her broken and beaten like that, sucks." He shook his head, annoyed. "I can't let another woman go through what she went through. Ripper's by her side, and I know he won't be coming with us this coming week. He's staying behind. Can you imagine us without Curse, Pussy, even myself?"

"Devil?"

"No, you don't understand. When it comes to you, baby, I can't think straight. You mean that much to me, and Gonzalez knows it. He wants shit done by me, and all he has to do is threaten you." He stepped back up to her. Devil ran his fingers through her hair, locking the strands around his fingers.

"Then you've got to make sure he doesn't know what hold he has over you." She touched his cheek, feeling the roughness from the day's growth.

"He already knows what kind of hold he's got over me, baby. It's now up to me that I make sure he doesn't get a chance like he did this morning."

The mention of this morning had her drawing in a breath.

"Don't mention this morning," she said, pulling away from him.

Devil still held her hair in his hands, so there was no chance of her getting away. Staring into his eyes, she saw the depth of his emotion. On the outside, Devil was this rough, hard biker, yet on the inside, when no one was watching, he was this tender man. His heart was bigger than anyone she'd known, especially when it came to the club and her.

"Do you know I wasn't even tempted to kill him," Devil said.

"You can't say that. I saw your finger on the trigger, Devil. You can't lie like that."

"I'm not lying. I'm telling you the truth. I wasn't tempted to kill him because I knew you would die. Don't get me wrong, Lex. If he didn't have you then I'd have shot that bastard in the face." He tilted her head back.

With his free hand, he ran a finger over her lips.

The tension in the room changed. The air became almost charged.

"We shouldn't be doing this," she said.

Her body grew hot from the slightest touch of his fingers.

"Why? This is going to be our last chance for some time. I've got a lot of plans," he said.

She knew there was a risk that he was going to die.

Running her hand up and down his chest, she tried to think of a good enough argument as to why he shouldn't do it.

"I wish there was something I could tell you to stop this. I don't want you to put yourself at risk or for you to get hurt."

He tugged on the strands of her hair, pulling her head back.

"I'll always be here, and I've made sure you'll be protected if this doesn't go my way. You'll want for nothing when you're with me." He ran the back of his knuckles against her cheek.

"I don't want you to tell me what I can have even if you died, Devil."

"When you were pregnant with Josh, I had no choice but to think about life without you." He caressed the rounded curve of her stomach. "You told me that I'd have to love our child, but I knew I wouldn't be able to bear looking at a child, even mine, who killed you."

When she first heard Devil mention that he couldn't love any child who killed her, she'd had an issue with it. She couldn't handle the stress of worrying about if he could love their child or not.

"Come with me," he said.

Lexie followed him out of the office and up the stairs toward their room. No one stopped them as they passed. All the men were sipping at beers. There were no parties going on, their somber faces showing the risk that they were all under. The drugs were no longer present, and the sweet-butts had been sent on their way until it was safe.

None of the men paid them any attention. After she followed Devil up to their room, he pulled her inside, pressing her against the closed door.

His lips were on hers seconds later. He thrust his tongue inside her mouth, going across her lips then sliding in deep.

She moaned, loving the taste of him as he exploded on her tongue.

"I f**king love you," he said, muttering the words against her mouth. Tugging at his shirt, he had to pull away so that she could rid his body of the material.

Scoring his chest with her nails, she moaned as he tore her shirt open. Buttons sprayed either side of her as he tore the fabric from her.

Lexie wore a plain white lace bra with a matching pair of panties.

"Fuck, I love you in this set." He dragged the straps of her bra down her arms. Her tits spilled out of the top. Devil reached around behind her to unclip her bra.

Wrapping her arms around his neck, she cried out as he picked her up banding his arms around her waist. His lips were on hers as he turned her toward the bed.

Devil placed her on her feet at the base of their bed. The lights were turned low enough for them to see each other.

He pushed her skirt down her thighs. She stepped out of it as she tugged at the button of his jeans.

"I love you, too," she said.

Within seconds they were naked. She stared at the rock hard length of his cock. He stood out, hard, proud, and the tip was leaking pr**cum.

Gripping the length, she ran her thumb over the tip, watching him growl.

Sinking to her knees, she stared up the length of his body. "If this is going to be our last time together until all of this is over then I want it to be memorable." She leaned forward, sliding her tongue over the tip. The taste of his pr**cum slid across her tongue.

Closing her eyes, she moaned around the taste of him.

"That's it, baby. Fuck, you're so f**king perfect." He stroked her hair, running his fingers through the length. Devil held the back of her head as he pumped in and out of her mouth.

She sucked him in deep, loving the feel of him hitting the back of her throat. "You're so f**king sexy taking my cock."

Swallowing the tip down, she closed her eyes and simply allowed herself to feel what he was doing.

"That's it. Fuck, I love the feel of your tongue on me." He pulled out until only the tip remained inside. "Stroke me," he said.

Lexie tongued the tip, taking as much of his pr**cum into her mouth as she could. She relished the taste of him as he glided along her tongue. Moaning, she wrapped her fingers around the base of his shaft and sucked more of him inside. Pulling away, she ran her tongue along the vein of his cock, going back to the head to suck him back into her mouth.

She loved sucking Devil's cock. He tugged on her hair in the most delightful of ways. This was what she never wanted to stop. The way he touched her, the pleasure consuming both of them as he took what he wanted.

"Move your hands away."

Dropping her hand to her lap, she held her head still as he f**ked her mouth. Staring up at him, she found his gaze focused on her.

"You've no idea how f**king hot and sexy you look with your lips around my cock." He grunted the words out. The cords of his neck stood out as he thrust his h*ps into her mouth.

Devil pulled out of her mouth and fisted his cock.

"I want your cock, Devil," she said, licking her lips.

"You know exactly how to drive me crazy."

She shoved his hand away, taking hold of his c**k and bobbing her head on the length.

"Fuck." Devil spat out the curse.

Smiling, she reached between her thighs to touch herself. Her cl*t was swollen, and the smallest touches had her shaking with need.

"You're driving me crazy on purpose," he said.

She wasn't doing anything he didn't want.

When he could stand it no longer, he tugged on her hair, pulling her to her feet. The way he held onto her hair wasn't painful. Devil was all about the control with his touch.

"Didn't you like what I was doing?" she asked.

"You know I liked it. I don't want to come inside your mouth when I finally blow. I want to be buried deep into your pu**y or ass." He pushed her to the bed making her yelp.

This was the man she married, and the pure devil inside was starting to show through. For tonight she'd let all the bad memories fade away and simply love being with him.

Together in the room, Lexie stared at him, allowing all the pains and problems to disappear.

Devil stood with his rock hard body on full display. Her mouth watered for another taste of him.

"Open your legs."

Leaning back on her hands, she spread her legs wide so he could see what he wanted to see.

"Is this good enough, sir?" she asked, batting her eyelashes at him.

"Spread your lips open. I want to see your cl*t and your cunt."

His words were rough, but they turned her on all the more.

Reaching between her thighs, she spread open the lips of her sex to show him what he wanted to see.

"Push a finger inside."

Lexie did as he asked, pressing her longest finger inside her. She was soaking wet to the touch.

"Add another finger."

She loved it when he started to bark out orders toward her, especially when they were alone in the bedroom. The doors were locked, and no one knew what either of them was like here.

"Slide them out and hold them up to me."

He took hold of her wrist as she held her soaked fingers for him to see.

"You're soaking wet. Do you want my cock?" he asked.

She nodded. "You know I do. You're the only man I want," she said.

Devil turned her hand this way and that, inspecting her cream soaked fingers. She gasped as he drew both fingers into his mouth, sucking her cream off. "Tasty," he said.

"Touch yourself again."

He took a step back giving her the space so that he could watch while she did as he instructed.

Adding a third finger inside her pu**y, she pressed her thumb to her clit, crying out at the instant shot of pleasure rushing through her body.

Devil batted her hand away. "No, I didn't say you could touch your pu**y. The only instruction I gave you was to touch your pretty cunt." He stood, looking down at her, clearly contemplating what he was going to do next.

She thrust her chest out, hoping to distract him from whatever torture he had.

"I know how to deal with you."

He moved away from the bed to go to the drawers at the far side of the wall. She watched him, curious to see what he had hidden from her. Devil turned around holding a silk length of rope.

"What's that?" she asked.

"This gives me the chance to do whatever I want to you without you interrupting me or stopping me."

****

Devil tied one end of the silk rope to the head of the bed. The wooden headboard gave him a perfect angle to tie the rope. He tested the binding, and satisfied that she wouldn't be able to get free, he followed the rope down. Placing her hands together, he stared into her eyes. He expected to see fear, but all he saw was lust mixed with anticipation. She wanted this as much as he did.

His c**k was f**king painful with how hard he was. He didn't know how he was going to survive the night without embarrassing himself first.

Tying the rope around her wrists, he made sure she wasn't in any pain or that the rope wasn't loose enough for her to pull out of.

Her breathing deepened with every second that passed. Devil was captured by the trembling of her tits as she took each indrawn breath. Was she nervous? Excited?

"Pull your hands, test it." Devil watched as she tugged on the rope. She didn't move, nor did she cry out in pain. The ropes kept her in place so he could have his wicked way with her. "Perfect. I can now do whatever I like to you."

He reached out to touch her face. She stared back at him without saying any words. Caressing her cheek, he slid his fingers down to her neck. He felt her pulse beating rapidly against his fingers.

"Do you like being restrained?" he asked, unable to resist.

She nodded her head. "Yes."

"You enjoy being at my mercy."

Again, she nodded, confirming what he knew.

Moving from her neck, he stroked down to her left breast. He circled the hard nipple watching the bud harden at the smallest of touches. She was such a responsive woman. Even after all these years together, she came alive under his touch.

Pinching her nipple, he moved toward the right one, circling the bud until she was rock hard. When he pinched this bud she released a scream for him to hear.

Smiling, as she arched up to his touch but could go no further, Devil withdrew his hand from her body.

"I think I'm going to start adding in more rope, baby. I like being able to touch and look at you without you moving."

Her stomach shook even though he hadn't touched her. Fisting his cock, he admired her body. The curves called to him to touch and explore. Every time with Lexie was like the first time, hot, hard, and utterly unforgettable.

"Please, Devil, don't torture me."

She stared at him, waiting.

Placing his hand between her br**sts, he stroked down to her belly button.

"This body is mine. I can do whatever the hell I want with you. Who do you belong to?" he asked.

"I belong to you."

He stroked the curve of her stomach, knowing in his heart that he'd give anything to guarantee that she'd be okay.

Pausing at her stomach, he walked to the base of the bed, removing his hand from her body completely. He pulled the chair she used to nurse their children. Sitting down on the soft cushion, he stared at the sweetest pu**y he'd ever been inside.

"Devil, what are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm looking at the cunt I own." Working his cock, he didn't look away from her body. Lexie was all his. Knowing that she belonged to no other man but him turned him on all the more.

"Keep your legs open," he said, when he saw she made to close them. "I want to look at you."

"This is freaking me out," she said.

She tugged on the robe, growling in frustration when she couldn't budge.

"I told you, baby. You're at my mercy, and I'm not going to stop what I'm doing to let you be free. You'll run away or you'll rush me." He released his c**k and leaned forward. The scent of her cunt filled the air between them. Devil saw her cream leaking out of her cunt. "Tonight, I don't want to be rushed. I want to take my time and love every inch of you."

"You're not even touching me," she said, annoyed.

"What's the matter, Lex? Don't like not being in control?" He raised a brow as she turned to the side to look at him.

"I'll stop and give you what you want so long as you promise when all of this is over I'll get to tie you to this bed and have my wicked way with you."

He knew he should refuse. Lexie had a large imagination that he wasn't interested in testing. Staring into her eyes, he knew she'd make it worth his while.

Tonight, you can have everything.

"Deal," he said. In his mind he thought about him getting killed. She would curse him even as she buried him, convinced that he didn't try hard enough to survive.

Lexie relaxed, opening her thighs so he could continue to look at her. She stayed open for his gaze. Stroking his bottom lip, he stared at her wondering what to do with his prize.

Leaning back in his chair, Devil took his time, seeing her getting turned on with every passing second.

Her pu**y was soaking wet. In the low lighting he saw how turned on she actually was.

When he could no longer not touch her, he leaned forward and grasped her feet in his hands. Resting her feet on his knees, he started at her ankles and slowly worked his fingers up to her knees and then drew them back down again.

She didn't move.

He heard the little moan she released in the air. The sound was on the verge of a sigh.

Sliding up her knees, he circled around to the back and up to her thighs. He squeezed the muscles of her thighs, watching her body's reaction.

She licked her lips, biting down onto her bottom lip.

"Don't contain any of those sounds, baby. I want to hear you scream when you come. All of those sounds you're keeping from me, I want to hear, as otherwise I'll make sure you don't get to have the orgasm I know you desperately want." He gripped the inside of her thighs, feeling them shake under his touch.

Taking his time in touching her legs, he made sure she was gasping when he finally put his fingers across her pu**y. Opening the lips of her sex, he stared down at her swollen clit. Putting her feet on the end of the bed, he went to his knees and knelt between her spread thighs.

Sucking her cl*t into his mouth, he moaned as the taste of her exploded on his tongue. He was rock hard, begging to simply thrust inside her tight cunt. Devil forced himself to hold back from simply f**king her hard. It was hard for him to do as all he wanted to do was ram home.

"Fuck, Devil." She screamed his name, arching up.

The rope kept her in place and gave him plenty of room to play with her.

Pressing two fingers inside her pu**y, he sucked her cl*t into his mouth, biting down on the small nub. She screamed out her pleasure as he touched her pu**y. This was going to be their last night together until they took out Gonzalez.

"Fuck." She cried out his name. Her legs closed around his head.

He didn't let up on touching her pu**y. Moving down, he thrust his tongue into her cunt then slid up to tongue her clit.

Devil changed between her cl*t and cunt.

"Fuck, I'm going to come," she said.

Pressing two fingers inside her, he focused on her clit, watching her come apart.

She screamed louder than ever before. Her cream soaked his fingers as her cum spilled onto him. Lapping at her clit, he closed his eyes, relishing the taste and feel of her.

Only when she begged him to stop did he go back to sitting on the chair in front of her. Wiping her cream from his mouth, he sucked his fingers into his mouth.

"You taste so f**king sweet, baby," he said.

She whimpered. "Please, Devil. You've done your torture, please, just f**k me. I can't stand to wait anymore."

Lexie turned so that he could see her eyes. The need within her was reflected back at him.

"I'll take you when I'm ready." Fisting his cock, Devil had an idea.

Going to the bed, he untied the rope and flipped her over onto her knees. When he was satisfied with her in place, he retied the rope back into place.

Once he was satisfied with the ropes and the way Lexie was on her knees for him able to see her creamy cunt and ass, he took a seat on the chair once again.

"You've got no idea how tempting you look to me," he said.

No, he couldn't handle it anymore. He needed to be inside her.

Climbing onto the bed, he cupped her h*ps drawing her back on the bed. With one hand, he held her hip and with the other, he gripped his cock. Pressing the tip to her creamy pu**y, he slid the first few inches inside her.

"Yes," she said, moaning.

When he was inside her enough, he placed both hands at her h*ps and slammed inside.

Her moan turned to a scream. Devil didn't mind what sounds she made so long as he could hear them.

Pulling out of her heat, he thrust back inside.

The heat of her pu**y surrounded him. Closing his eyes, he pounded inside her for several strokes.

Opening his eyes, he watched his slick c**k appear and disappear inside her. Her cum covered his c**k with each thrust.

"You're so f**king beautiful," he said.

Fucking her from behind, doggy style, was not what he wanted anymore. Withdrawing from her warmth, he reached up to the rope. Working the knot, he released her hands, and together they climbed up the bed. He took hold of her hands in his and pressed them down on either side of her head.

She wrapped her legs around his waist, drawing him to her. Holding both of her hands within his, he reached down between them. Sliding the tip of his c**k through her slit, he coated his hard prick with her cream before moving down to press inside. She took every inch of him without complaint. Once he was all the way inside her pu**y, Devil closed his eyes basking in the feel of her.

He rested his head against hers.

"Devil?" she asked.

"Sh, I just want to feel you around me. This is what I love the most. I love holding you, knowing you're all mine."

Capturing her hands within his, he held them to the bed and pulled away so he could look down at her.

"I love you," she said.

Leaning down, he took possession of her mouth. He wasn't careful about the kiss he gave her. Sliding his tongue within her mouth, he deepened the kiss.

She opened up for him, meeting each of his strokes with her own tongue.

"That's it, baby. Give me what I need," he said.

Lexie kissed him back, and only when he couldn't stand to simply be inside her did he start to move. Pumping his h*ps in and out of her, Devil took his time to build up a pace. He didn't want this to be over yet. The only man he wanted Lexie to want was himself. Even if he died, he wanted it to be hard for her to replace him. He knew it was selfish, but he really didn't care either way.

"You're so f**king tight. I love being inside you, and I never want to f**king leave."

"Please, Devil. Harder."

He didn't give her what she wanted right away. Devil made sure she earned it. She tightened her grip on his hands as she kissed him back.

Finally, he pulled all the way out of her body so that only the tip of him was inside her. Using all of his strength and force, he slammed back inside. The headboard hit the wall. There was no stopping his thrusts. Holding himself up from her but also keeping hold of her hands, Devil pounded inside her pu**y, watching her response to his thrusts. She cried out. Her lips opened to release her screams.

"I love you," he said.

There was no stopping his thrusts now. He f**ked her hard, ramming in deep so that it was on the verge of pleasure and pain for her. Devil wanted to imprint and leave a brand on and inside her body so that she'd never forget about him.

Releasing one of her hands, he ordered her to touch herself. The only thing he was waiting for was for her to come all over his cock. He felt her hand stroking her bud.

Slowing his thrusts, he waited and watched her response. Her eyes sparkled with lust. She gasped as she grazed her clit. He knew she loved being filled with c**k when she was close to coming. Devil wasn't going to deny her.

Within minutes her orgasm crashed over her. He didn't stop thrusting inside her. Devil kept up his strokes, loving the feel of her pretty pu**y tightening around him.

"Fuck," he said, growling the word. It was the only word he got out, and seconds later his orgasm took him by surprise. Holding onto her hands, he pressed his head to hers.

Blood pounded through his veins as the pleasure pulsed throughout him.

Releasing her hands, he held Lexie tight to him.

"I love you," she said.

"I love you, too."

Kissing her neck, he breathed in the scent of her.

"Is there anything I can say that will stop you from leaving?" she asked.

He looked down at her seeing the worry back in her eyes. "Don't spoil tonight."

"We're about more than good sex," she said. "The thought of you dying makes it hard for me to breathe."

He stroked her nose, seeing the pain in her eyes.

"You need to stop worrying. I'm going to do everything in my power to come back to you."

Her hands were resting on his back while he stared down at her. His c**k was flaccid but remained inside her.

"I don't want to think about tomorrow," he said.

"Then let's not. We've got tonight together."

He released her body, pulling out of her tight warmth. Standing up, he tugged on her hand and picked her up in his arms.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"We're going to have a wash and then we're going to f**k. I'm banning talk for the rest of the night. You don't need to worry about the future. I'll take care of all of our futures."

Entering the bathroom, he was careful not to bang her head on the doorframe. She rested her head against his chest.

He liked doing this, holding his woman in his arms and caring for her. Lexie gave him a reason for living. Turning the shower on, he placed her on the floor and brought her closer to him.

"Now, I'm going to wash you, and you're going to love every second that I touch you." He pushed her hair off her shoulders, revealing her body to his touch.

The future could wait while he spent the night loving her.

Chapter Eighteen

Staring down at his woman, who was finally sleeping after a night of loving, Devil was tempted to climb back in bed and stay with her. He couldn't do it no matter how much he wanted to. The rest of the club was going to be waiting for him. Some of his men were staying behind to look after the women, but several of his men were coming with him. Even as he thought this, he didn't walk away from her. In sleep she looked relaxed, happy. He didn't want to cause her any more pain.

"No matter what happens, Lex, I love you." He pressed a kiss to her head and left the room. Phoebe was stood across the hall, grasping Vincent's jacket.

"Please, don't go," she said.

"I've got to, baby. I can't stay here knowing the risk that bastard poses to our kids."

Phoebe looked up to him. "You'll take care of him, right? Make sure he comes back to me alive."

Devil nodded. "I'll do everything I can to make sure we all come back alive."

Phoebe still didn't look happy. The tears were falling from her face faster than Vincent could wipe them away.

"You're going to stay with Lex, right?" Devil asked, trying to distract her.

"Yes."

"When we're done today I want to pick Lexie up so we can get on the road. Make sure she packs. I don't care what you do, but make sure she has enough for a few days. I called Tiny. He's pulled the wedding to the day after tomorrow. Gonzalez should be making his way out of town today." Devil had plenty of plans, not all of them including the other club. He wasn't bluffing when it came to The Skulls. When Gonzalez was dead, they were over as a family.

"I'll make sure she packs and has everything with her. Do you want me to pack for the kids?" Phoebe released Vincent, wiping the tears from her face as she did.

This was the point he was undecided. If Gonzalez knew them like he made out then he knew Devil wouldn't leave his kids behind for a family event. To the outside world, this wedding was a family event.

"Yes, pack the kids." They were not getting near the town hall, but whoever was watching them would see that he had every intention of participating.

"She's not going to like it, Devil. Lexie's not going to want the kids involved in all of this."

He ran a hand through his hair. "Tell her to trust me. I know what I'm doing, and plans are already in motion to make it all work." It wasn't a lie, or at least as far as he was aware, it wasn't a lie.

"Okay, I'll tell her." Phoebe returned her gaze to Vincent. "Be careful."

Devil watched as Vincent reached out, sinking his fingers into Phoebe's hair. "I'm always careful."

Feeling like a voyeur to the kiss, Devil turned away to give the couple their moment. Phoebe moaned, and seconds later Vincent cleared his throat. Together they made their way downstairs. He heard Phoebe quietly close the door.

"If you don't want to do this then you can change places with someone else. I'm not forcing men to do this," Devil said. He liked Phoebe and Vincent, always had, and the thought of separating the two love-birds filled him with regret.

"No, I need to do this. I've seen what Gonzalez has done to us. I don't want to walk away unless I know Gonzalez is not f**king breathing." The determination in Vincent relieved Devil a little.

"Okay. We can do this, and we'll be back to our women in no time." Devil walked downstairs to find his men waiting for him.

"I hope you know what you're doing," Vincent said. "If not, you're going to get us all killed."

"I know what I'm doing." Devil nodded to all of the men. He wasn't going to risk talking to them. If Lexie rushed downstairs begging him not to go then he'd give in. This had to be done, and he had to trust Phoebe to do as he asked.

They all left the clubhouse, climbing on their bikes.

Taking one last look behind him, Devil knew after today nothing was ever going to be the same again.

The sound of the engines filled the air. One by one they filed out of the compound heading toward Jerry's house. He made sure all the men knew where they were going to go first. Several feet from Jerry's house, Devil stopped, parking his bike. Climbing off, he made his way toward Jerry's front door. When he was covered by plenty of trees and shade, he drew his gun.

Knocking on the door, Devil waited.

Seconds later a woman opened the door. She sported a black eye, and the shirt she wore was covered in blood. Grabbing her arm, Devil spun her so that her back was pressed to his front. "Don't make a f**king sound and you'll live."

She nodded. Pushing her toward the men, he saw them all preparing her down the line. Someone would take her to a safe house and join them shortly.

Going through the door, Devil took his time entering the house. Jerry's place smelled of pot, sex, and death. Passing one of the rooms, he saw a woman with bruises around her neck lying on the floor. The stench of death was foulest in that room.

"Bitch, who was at the door?" A man yelled from the direction of the kitchen.

Devil signaled to the men that shit was about to get ugly. He hoped they had the surprise factor about them.

"Bitch, you better f**king answer me."

Staying still, Devil raised his gun, ready to fire.

"Bitch!"

The man appeared out of the kitchen door, looking ready to commit murder. Devil didn't give him chance to get away. He fired his weapon. He didn't have a silencer on the gun, and within seconds they had at least three other men on their ass. Charging for the man in the kitchen, Devil smashed the man's face against the counter.

"Make sure they don't make a call," Devil said, yelling the words for his men to hear. Wrapping a towel around the man's throat, Devil put all of his weight behind it, cutting off the man's air. He held tightly, refusing to back down.

When the man made no move to fight, Devil released him. Touching his pulse, he found he was dead.

"Devil, we're all okay. They were too high on f**king drugs to get a clear shot off," Pussy said.

"I've sent a couple of girls off with Butler. The others are dead," Death said.

Looking around the kitchen, Devil shook his head. "Yeah, they've used Jerry's place as their own little sex and drug den."

He left the kitchen and found his men waiting in the center of the main hall.

"I didn't have to leave this spot," Snake said. "This is shit."

"They're hitting the strip club," Vincent said. "I got kicked out a few weeks ago, and I've not been allowed back in since. They've got hookups all over the place."

"Why wasn't I told?" Devil asked, angry that he'd truly lost shit in his own town.

"You were in Fort Wills, and we were making drops left, right, and center," Vincent said. "We've got shit loads to deal with."

Devil shook his head. He'd f**ked up.

"Then we weed them out one by one. I don't want any memory of Gonzalez in this town."

Dialing Tiny's number, Devil waited for the man to answer.

"We're all set for tomorrow," Tiny said.

"Good. I want Whizz to get online and get me information on all of Gonzalez's businesses in Piston County. I don't care what it takes or what it costs. That f**ker is being wiped from my town today."

He heard Tiny shout the order.

"Butch has been in touch with Gonzalez. He's on his way to town."

"Good. I'm making sure our men don't get the chance of making a call. Gonzalez put all of his men to work, and some of them will be with him in Fort Wills. Keep an eye and get Whizz to look into who he's got connections with."

"Will do. How's Judi?" Tiny asked.

Devil paused, looking at his men. Ripper's absence was felt by all of them. "She's still in a coma. I don't know if she's going to come out of it." He hung up the phone. "Whizz will have all the details we need."

"Where are we going next?" Pussy asked.

"We're going to pay a visit to our strip club. It's time we put that place to ground." Devil left the house, feeling the weight of Jerry's death on his shoulders. Jerry, Ashley-they were deaths that should never have happened.

"Boss, do you think this will work?" Pussy stood beside his back as he straddled the machine.

"I don't know if it will work, but it'll certainly make me feel better." He turned on the engine, preparing his machine to take off.

"I guess I have my doubts on what we can do." Pussy shrugged, heading back to his bike.

He watched his men ready to take off and follow him.

Are you doing the right thing?

He thought about Lexie, his kids, all the lost lives he'd dealt with in the past. Yes, this was the right thing for him to do. Taking Gonzalez out one by one was the only way for them to get their revenge.

The ride to the strip club was uneventful. They passed the town as people got about their business. Some of the locals stopped to watch them pass. He ignored all of them, including a couple of women who showed off their br**sts. Devil wasn't in the mood to deal with a fan club for the boys.

Outside of the strip club, he cut the engine, and he didn't even wait for his men. He started to move through the building, taking down men. Girls and women screamed as they heard him coming.

His men started to fire bullets, aiming them at their enemy. Each time he fired a bullet he saw Lexie the other morning with a gun pointed at her head. He'd do everything in his power to protect her. Women screamed, and he finished firing his gun. When he was done, he grabbed the bottle of fuel he kept stored in the storage room for when he needed to fill his bike up.

Emptying out the bottle of fuel, he spread it over the room.

This was where he'd first met Lexie. The club that drew him back to this town.

"Boss, what are you doing?" Pussy asked.

"I'm not risking anything. We don't take Gonzalez out then he'll come back for her. I'm not giving Gonzalez a chance to ruin this for us. If we fail then I don't want to make life easy for him. Yeah, it will cost us a lot of money to rebuild this place back up, but it'll also piss him the f**k off." Taking one good look around the room, Devil turned back to his men. He was preparing for everything. If they killed Gonzalez then he'd look at setting up a different business, perhaps. Either way, the strip club was going to go. "Get the f**k out."

They all left the room, going out into the day's light. He took out his lighter and struck up the flame. Staring around the room, he threw his lighter into the room and walked out.

Climbing onto his bike, Devil didn't look back as he drove away from the club. Burning down the strip club was a little extreme, but after everything he'd witnessed, he didn't want to have that club as part of the crew or the future.

****

Butch looked at Alex as he relayed all that he knew about Gonzalez. Their enemy was on the way to Fort Wills for the wedding. He didn't know how Eva had worked so fast to get the town hall booked or even the decorations.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, he's got several men on the force who will be there. He wants to take out several of our men tomorrow. Whizz is going down and then Zero and Tiny. Gonzalez wants to tear the clubs apart. He's going to take out Devil and Pussy as well," Butch said. He didn't know why Gonzalez gave him this information, but he was going to use it to their advantage.

"Nothing makes sense about this," Alex said.

"I know. He's kept me at arms' length, and now he starts giving me information. I don't trust what he's got to say." Butch glanced over his shoulder to see Whizz sitting at the bar. The other man was sporting a frown as he stared down at his glass of water. He didn't like the fact the other man was running out in the middle of the night to see Lacey.

This was a very difficult mission. Butch knew so much more, and yet he couldn't tell Alex the truth.

"We're going to have to believe that he's lying or he's telling you the truth to see what you'll do." Alex ran a finger over his lip, contemplating.

"I don't care. We need to get the women in the safe house," Butch said.

He'd made the necessary arrangements for the warehouse outside of town. For the last couple of days he'd been putting the finishing touches to make sure no one knew where the women were going.

"No, you don't put the women to ground until Devil gets into town." Alex shook his head. "Fuck, this is happening too fast. If we're not careful this entire plan is going to fall down all around us."

Butch wished he had a better idea. This was going to be their final time to get at Gonzalez. Ned had already sneaked three men into town. They were waiting for the go ahead to take out the men Whizz had found.

"We need to tell Tiny," Butch said.

"No, we don't. You need to do as I've asked and make sure nothing f**ks up between now and then." Alex pushed past him leaving Butch to look where he was going.

Moving to the bar, Butch took a seat beside Whizz.

"What?" Whizz asked.

"I'm just making sure you're okay," Butch said.

"I'm fine. It's interesting how we've all got a plan for what's about to come." Whizz lifted the glass to his lips and took a sip. "Shall we toast?" Whizz asked.

"To what?"

"To living and dying. Either one sounds pretty good about now." Whizz took a sip and placed the glass back in front of him.

"Have you seen that woman again?" Butch asked.

"It's none of your business who I've seen."

"I think with Gonzalez around, you should be careful who you look toward for comfort," Butch said.

"You're starting to sound like a broken f**king record, Butch. You keep warning me about a woman you know nothing about. Back the f**k off, or I swear I'll make sure you can't f**king see for your actual wedding." Whizz go to his feet and stormed off.

Staring across the bar, Butch looked at his reflection.

You're a rat. You've got to come clean. There's no way for you to keep The Savage Brothers a secret and get away with it.

Running a hand down his face, Butch jumped as his cell phone went off.

Seeing Danny's name on the screen, he started to feel sick. Leaving the club, he took the call.

"What?" he asked.

"I want to know what the word is. Gonzalez has left Piston County. I've got my sources, and yet I've not heard your call as to why he's on the move."

Closing his eyes, Butch had to think quickly as he made to respond.

"He's coming to the clubhouse. The wedding tomorrow, it's all happening, and Gonzalez is coming to the after party at the clubhouse." The lies kept melding together making it impossible to keep up.

"Are you sure about that?" Danny asked.

"Yes, I'm sure. Shit's going down tomorrow, and you're going to get what you want. Revenge, it's what you've always wanted, right?"

"Yes, you're right." Danny sounded happy. "I'll see you tomorrow."

Hanging up the phone, Butch went to his room to find Cheryl pulling a nightshirt over her head.

"What is it?" she asked.

"It's all happening tomorrow."

"Okay."

"You're going to have to be there, but Eva's promised to take Matthew with her."

Cheryl nodded. "There's nothing we can do. You know what you're doing, right?" she asked.

He didn't have the first f**king clue what he was doing. "I f**ked up," he said.

"Come clean to Tiny before this turns to shit," she said, sitting on the end of the bed.

He wrapped his arms around her. "I'm sorry for putting us through this."

"You made a mistake. Come clean to your crew, and it'll be fine."

"I told the Savage Brothers a lie," he said.

Butch explained what he'd done.

"What are you going to do?" she asked.

"I'm going to deal with what I've done." He kissed the top of her head. "I love you, baby."

"Butch, promise me you won't go in there fighting."

"I promise." The lie was another easy word for him to say. There was nothing else he could do. The wheels had been set in motion. All he could do was keep on with the initial plan.

****

Lexie paced the main floor the club. It was late, and her kids were getting restless.

"Are you okay?" Phoebe asked.

Was she okay?

No, I'm not okay. My husband is out there on a killing spree, and I'm stuck here waiting. Judi's in the hospital in a coma, and there's nothing I can do to stop what's going to happen.

Instead of saying everything that was plaguing her, she nodded. "I'm fine. Everything is fine." She offered a smile that she didn't at all feel. Her life was not what she wanted it to be. In fact, her life was fast turning into something she'd never wanted it to be.

When pacing couldn't calm her thoughts, she took a seat on the edge of the far bench.

"I know this is difficult," Phoebe said.

"I know you do, honey. I know you've been through this a lot more than I have. Listening to you talk about everything you've gone through doesn't make me feel better. Vincent was addicted to drugs, and you pulled him out of it. I respect everything you've done."

"But this is different," Phoebe said, finishing her thoughts.

"Yes, this is different. We can't stop what's going on. There's a man out there who killed my sister. He killed Jerry and Ashley and made sure someone beat up Judi. She's lying in a coma because of the damage done to her. Ripper won't leave her side. I know you've been through a lot, but it's not like this." Sitting down wasn't helping Lexie's nerves. Getting back to her feet she started to pace.

Simon was watching her. His inquisitive little mind already knew something was up, and she couldn't stop him. Sitting back down, she blew out a breath and made sure to calm her nerves down.

"I've got to be calm."

"You're a wonderful mother, Lexie. Simon, he's the kind of boy who spots everything. You shouldn't worry about it."

"But I do worry about it. He's my son." She placed a hand to her heart. Simon was born to Kayla, but within weeks of her sister giving birth, Kayla had given him to her.

Lexie had done everything in her power to care for the young boy. She loved him like he was her own son, and as far as she was concerned, no one else would ever replace him.

"It's these moments that test all of us."

Glancing around the room, she saw Sasha was tense where she'd been put. Her guide dog had her head resting on Sasha's lap trying to comfort her.

"Shit, I'm probably panicking her. Give me a moment," she said.

Leaving Phoebe's side, she took a seat in front of Sasha.

"Hey, honey. How are you holding up?" Lexie asked.

"I think I'm doing much better than you." Sasha didn't move her hand away from her dog. "At least I can't see the tension, but I feel it."

"I don't know if that's good or not," Lexie said. "I'm going to touch your hand."

Pussy had been such a good man to Sasha, giving her more independence than she'd had in the whole of her life since her blindness. Sasha's mother, Penny, was still in rehab overcoming her pill and alcohol addiction.

"Okay," Sasha said.

Touching her hand, Lexie grasped her palm within her hands. She noticed how Sasha was shaking.

"Pussy's told me it's going to be okay. I'm to trust him because he won't let anything happen to me." The trust and absolute faith in Sasha's voice made Lexie smile. She had felt that way with Devil. Then bad shit started to happen, and now she always had her doubts. She was tired of having doubts.

"I know he won't let anything happen to you. I've never seen Pussy in love with anyone else before. You're his entire world." She wasn't lying. The only person she'd ever seen Pussy happy with was Sasha.

"Thank you."

The door to the clubhouse opened revealing Devil. He looked ready to do business. "We're leaving in ten minutes," Devil said. He walked off to his office.

"Hey, baby," Pussy said, stroking Sasha's neck.

Lexie withdrew her hand as Sasha reached up to try to touch Pussy's cheek. He took her hand and placed her palm against his cheek.

"You're all sweaty." Sasha wrinkled her nose.

"I've been doing a man's job. I smell awesome." He lifted up his arm and sniffed his pit. "Okay, I think I stink."

Sasha giggled. "You're getting worse with old age."

"I'm not that old, and when I'm too old to f**k you, I'll lie down and let you ride my cock."

Sasha pulled away, giggling. "You're incorrigible."

She left the lovely couple to it. Pussy picked Sasha up and placed her on his lap. Even after everything they'd been through, Pussy always made light about the most stressful stuff.

Entering Devil's office she saw him grabbing several guns from the safe he kept locked in the far wall.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm getting loaded up ready for Fort Wills. This ends tomorrow. I don't give a f**k how long it takes or what I've got to do. I will never hear the name Gonzalez."

She leaned against the wall as he checked each gun in turn. "You were gone this morning before I woke up."

He'd f**ked her into exhaustion.

"I didn't want to wake you." He paused in checking the weapons.

"You didn't want to give me a chance to find a reason as to why you shouldn't go." She folded her arms over her chest, wishing she wasn't right.

Devil turned to look at her. "Lex, I love you, baby."

"I know you love me. You're also scared of what will happen to me if you don't succeed."

"I burned the strip club down to the ground," he said, staring her in the eye.

"What?"

"Gonzalez had taken over everything. He took the club, and it was no longer mine. I made sure he can't use it against me again." Devil stopped, placing the weapons on the floor. "When we get to Fort Wills you're going to go with Butch. We'll make it tomorrow morning in time to see Gonzalez. Pussy doesn't like using Sasha, but she's a lure as much as Cheryl. When all this is over, we're coming back home, and we're living our lives." He walked toward her.

She stayed still as he reached out and cupped her cheek.

"Why are you telling me this?" she asked.

"Because I need to know when this is all over, you're not going to give me shit."

"What happened at Jerry's house? Vincent told Phoebe where you were going first. I didn't think anyone lived there." His hands on her body were making it hard for her to think.

Devil let out a sigh. "We killed a few pimps working for Gonzalez. There were girls there. I don't know their ages. Most of them looked legal."

"That's not all?" she asked.

"Several of the girls had been killed. I don't know how or why. I'm wiping away what Gonzalez did out of this town." He tucked some hair behind her ear. "When I'm done no one will ever remember what happened."

"Burning down the strip club was a little extreme," she said. She had mixed feelings about that f**king club. On the one hand, it was where she got a job that helped her situation with Simon. On the other, she'd hated dancing for men. It sickened her to get na**d for a roomful of men who she didn't know or like.

"He ruined any memory of what that place meant to the crew. We'll start fresh with something new." Devil pressed a kiss to her lips. "I'm going to end this and make this town perfect for you. I'll make sure no other man will hold a gun at you."

She touched his face.

"How's Ripper and Judi?" he asked.

"Last I heard nothing has changed. She's still in a coma, and Ripper's by her side." She pressed her head to his chest. His heart was beating rapidly.

"Then our first stop is to the hospital." He started to pack the guns in a bag.

"Do you think it's going to be that bad?" she asked.

"I'm preparing for the worst. If I get something better, then I'll be happy." He took her hand.

For the next twenty minutes the crew helped to pack up the car. Every now and then Lexie watched the way Pussy was with Sasha. The couple was totally in love, and not once did he show signs of being impatient with her.

Sasha was one lucky woman.

Once inside the car, Lexie climbed into the passenger seat as Devil took the driver's side. He drove to the hospital with several of his men following behind them. Outside of the hospital, Death sat in the car while she followed Devil inside to see Judi and Ripper.

The machines were still beeping every few seconds. Ripper had removed his jacket and was no longer sitting beside her but lying on the bed, touching her head.

Tears were falling from his eyes as he talked with her.

"Devil? Lexie?"

"We're going to Fort Wills to end this. When it's done, the whole crew will be here giving you support," Devil said.

Ripper nodded. "Good. Take that f**ker out." He left her side to round the bed.

Lexie couldn't get over the change inside the other man. When she first found out about Ripper and Judi, she'd been unsure. Judi had an awful past, one Lexie had hoped wouldn't define her future. Not only had Judi moved on but she found a man completely devoted to her regardless of what she went through.

"Is there any update?" Devil asked.

Ripper wiped his face. "The doctor came by to say she was doing well. She wasn't declining, and that in itself showed a good sign or something. Far as I'm concerned, she's still not awake so it's not any better."

Devil reached out. "She's going to make it."

"I know. When she comes out of her coma, I'll tell her everything is going to be okay, and I'll know it's true." She watched as Ripper offered Devil his hand. "Good luck."

Devil stared at that hand seconds before pulling Ripper in for a hug. "Take care of our girl." He slapped Ripper on the back then pulled away.

Lexie gave him a hug along with a smile. "We'll be seeing you soon."

She followed Devil out of the room. He took her hand, and together they walked to the car, to the future, to the uncertainty.

Chapter Nineteen

The Beginning

Devil watched as Lexie waved at him. Butch had taken most of the women to the warehouse like they all agreed, and now he was watching his woman disappear.

"It's safer that she's out of the way," Tiny said, coming to stand beside him. "Eva's been seen."

"Gonzalez is in town?"

"Yeah, he stopped by an hour ago. You missed him with just arriving. Don't worry, I got you covered. I told him that one of the little ones got sick and you didn't have a choice but to stop at a hotel for the night. He expects to see you a little later than normal."

Nodding, Devil turned away from the sight of his woman leaving him. Seeing Lexie leave always filled him with regret. Entering The Skulls' clubhouse, he moved toward the back where there were weapons strewn all over the place. The men were suited up and ready to go. Pussy was packing, and he'd given Sasha some guns so that he could use them when the time came to protect her.

"I can't believe it all boils down to today."

"Mason Terry is in town. You know, the guy from Paradise Rocks?"

"Yeah," Devil said.

"Gonzalez's men on the police force, he's rounded them up, and they're in a secured location for us to deal with when the time is right."

Devil hadn't met Mason before, but he knew the man ran a tight ship. He lived, worked, and breathed all things Paradise, but he was also a Skull, part of the Nomad team that travelled from place to place. Mason, however, wasn't so much a nomad as a Skull in his own town. It was strange, but it worked for him.

"So Mason has the men we were initially worried about. Who's next?"

For the next hour Tiny spoke of the men that were in town. Several of the men were pimps or fighters sent to provide entertainment for the coming night.

"Gonzalez thought it would be fun to have a contest to see who won against pimps and illegal fighters. He's been poaching from Ned," Tiny said, getting him up to speed.

"This is what it comes down to."

Tiny sighed. "Yeah. In a few hours we'll all know if we live or if we die."

"Sounds like a plan to me."

Devil walked out of the office toward his men. Sasha was standing by Pussy's side, dressed and ready for the town hall.

"Right, I think this is how it's going to be. Cheryl's going to take Sasha, and they're going with Butch to the town hall. We're going to follow, little by little, so as not to raise suspicion. I'm going to turn up last in the van. I don't want him to cotton on at the last minute what we're about to do. In between then, The Skulls are going to arrive. We're going to take our places, and then we're going to make sure this goes down, cleanly and without any other fights. I want you to be ready to hit the deck."

He looked at Sasha. She held Pussy's hand hard as he spoke. When he'd first seen and heard about Pussy liking this girl, he'd had his doubts. She couldn't take care of herself or even be what Pussy needed her to be. At least, to Devil she came up lacking. Seeing the determination on her face, gave Devil doubts about his first thoughts about her.

"You, Sasha, when it starts to get loud, you hit the deck. Do you hear me?" Devil knew Pussy wouldn't be the same if they lost her.

"Don't worry, Pussy's been training me to duck and cover. It's quite funny, actually. He started doing it at night," Sasha said.

Pussy gave him a thumbs-up. "You don't need to worry about my girl, Devil. I've trained her to be ready for the worst amongst other things."

Sasha hit him on the shoulder.

Chuckling, Devil stepped away to see Hardy at the bar. The other man was looking at the booze as if it was a lifeline.

"I wouldn't drink today until after all this shit has hit the fan," Devil said.

"Don't worry. I'm not going to hit the drink at all." Hardy tapped his fingers along the counter.

"Why do you look cut up?" Devil asked. His curiosity was always going to get him in trouble. He had to know the littlest detail about everyone he came across. It was a flaw he hadn't repaired.

"Besides the fact we're walking in to a potential death trap, my woman's going to leave me." Hardy turned away from the booze.

"Rose won't leave you."

"Yeah, she will. It's been ten years in the making. Neither she nor I realized it." Hardy shrugged. "Can't say that I blame her. I f**ked another woman who wasn't her, got her pregnant, and then we lost the kid that we were supposed to get out of it."

Shit, Devil's curiosity really did need to stop.

"Do you love her?" Devil asked.

"More than anything. I was a young, foolish f**ker who didn't know what he had."

"Then instead of treating her with kid gloves, show her that she's the only woman you want. Don't give her a chance to get away. Fuck her, love her, and show her who she belongs to." Devil tapped him on the shoulder. "Life is far too f**king hard to give it all up because fighting seems even harder. I love Lexie with all that I am. I wouldn't give her up over something I did ten years ago." He wouldn't admit that there was no chance of him ever cheating on Lexie either. Only an idiot cheated on his woman.

"Thanks, Devil. I actually think that was a good talk." Hardy tapped him on the shoulder.

Yeah, that was him. He was the guy filled with all the wisdom today.

The rest of the morning passed by with tension as all the men waited for the coming fight. Devil didn't know how it was going to go, but it was starting to look up in his favor. Every now and then he saw Butch looked a little freaked out as he checked his phone. He didn't like the change inside Butch, and if he could know what was going on inside his head, he'd feel a hell of a lot better.

"Butch, it's time," Tiny said.

Devil stepped away from the bar as he watched the first couple move out of the clubhouse. Cheryl looked petrified, and he watched as Pussy helped Sasha into the waiting car.

This is it.

After everything they'd been through they were now going to get their chance to take out their revenge.

Anticipation filled him.

He checked to make sure that he had his weapon at the back of his jeans. Devil made his way out to the car and climbed behind the wheel.

Watching men with their brides leave the compound filled him with anticipation. Gonzalez wouldn't know until the last minute what was going on. Only a couple of women, Angel, Sandy, and Mia, were present, and by the time Gonzalez saw most of the women were absent, it would be too late. Within thirty minutes he was on the road and heading toward the town hall. They passed several of the locals at work. Some of them stopped to see them driving and riding past. He glanced in the back of the car to see his kids' car seats. This was why he fought as hard as he did. He couldn't fail them, nor could he fail Lexie. She needed him.

Thinking about Ronald with the gun pressed to her temple, filled him with anger. Getting into the zone, he parked the car ready to enter the town hall. Tiny was outside waiting for him.

Climbing out of the car, Devil walked toward Tiny.

"I want to apologize," Tiny said.

"I don't give a shit what you want to do. I told you, after today, we're done." Devil entered the town hall and saw several locals were inside, surprising Devil with the attendance.

Sasha and Cheryl stood at the front near the stage, looking a little out of place with their dresses. In the front of the seating arrangements, Devil spotted Gonzalez. In his mind he saw Lexie with a gun pointed to her head once again followed by Ashley, the club whore. She'd never had an easy life, and this bastard had taken it away from her. There were so many people Gonzalez had ruined to get to this moment. So many men, women, and children, who deserved their chance for revenge. They were going to do this, take this f**ker out and ride the world of several bad guys along the way. Above all, they were going to finally put Ashley to rest. Pussy would never have loved her, but Devil knew one man would have. She was the kind of woman everyone loved.

Going to his gun, Devil grabbed the weapon. This was his chance to end all the pain. Judi was in a coma because of this man. All of those girls who were now a little broken, it was because of this man.

Taking out his gun, Devil didn't care about the civilians who were present. Aiming the gun, Devil was ready. He'd lost his chance the other day, but he could win this time.

Before he got a chance to fire, gunfire exploded from behind him. He had no choice but to duck as he saw men enter the town hall, firing their guns. A bullet missed him by mere inches. He didn't recognize any of the men. They were untrained, erratic, and simply firing away.

"Danny, no," Butch said, yelling as the guns started to explode. Turning around, Devil saw several men with the jackets of the Savage Brothers entering the clubhouse. Behind them all, he noticed a blue-haired woman enter the town hall with her head lowered. She didn't hold a weapon, but there was no mistaking the intent of her face.

****

Their carefully ordered plan was going up in smoke. Whizz watched as Ronald went for his knife. Striking out, Whizz pounced on the other man. He fought, getting slashed in the process as Ronald lashed out. There was nothing for him to do. Wrapping his hands around Ronald's neck, Whizz squeezed the very air out of him. Unlike Killer and Lash, he didn't have the skill to snap a man's neck. Chaos ensued, and the mess went on around him as the Savage Brothers made a mess, killing civilians in the process. He should have known it was impossible to wipe out an entire club. Whizz felt the mistake as he watched the survivors kill before his eyes. There were over fifteen people in the room, all with weapons. Gonzalez was down, grasping at his neck from being shot. He was kicking out begging for help. No one went to him. The pleasure Whizz got was seeing the pain in the man's face. For once it was a monster who was feeling what pain meant.

Holding tighter to the man's neck beneath his grip, Whizz watched as the life choked out of the man. Slowly, even though the man fought, Ronald died in his arms. There were no emotions inside Whizz as he watched the man in his arms fight a useless battle. He had the control in this situation, not this man. He jerked in Whizz's hands, and his eyes bulged out.

When it was over, he collapsed back and looked out at the room. His brothers were fighting. Some of Gonzalez's men that he couldn't reach out to were fighting back. They'd posed as locals and were now fighting. The men with the Savage Brothers MC jackets on were also fighting. There was no order to this battle. It was brutal.

"What the f**k are you doing?" Butch asked, turning toward one of the Savage Brothers.

"You were supposed to tell us where he was. You f**king lied to us. You're no better than Gonzalez."

Before he could do anything, the man in front of Butch, aimed and shot him in the neck. Cheryl screamed, panicking. Butch went down with blood pooling out of his neck. Whizz watched as Butch grabbed his neck, trying to save himself.

Butch had betrayed them for the Savage Brothers. Why hadn't Whizz thought of looking to see if any of them had survived? How could Butch have betrayed them? Whizz looked down at his shirt to see his side bleeding.

He was in pain.

This was all his fault. If only he'd been on the ball, he'd have known there was no way to completely wipe out an entire MC.

Through the pain, he saw the blue hair. Lacey was there? Why the f**k was she here? He needed to get up and get her to safety. It wasn't over yet. He needed to protect his woman.

The town hall was alight, and he saw her inked body on display. For once she wasn't hiding in the darkness. This was the woman he'd f**ked, the same woman he couldn't stop thinking about. She knelt down in front of him. In her hand she held a knife. For some reason it didn't look out of place on her; it looked natural.

"What are you doing here?" he asked. The fighting went on, the shouting.

Tears filled her eyes as she lifted up her wrist. Every time he saw her with enough light, she always wore a long sleeved jacket. Focusing on the writing up her inner arm, Whizz chuckled.

"Now, that f**king figures." He coughed as he went for his gun. The woman he'd been drooling over was none other than the enemy. She'd known who he was, had sought him out whereas he'd been f**king blinded by her beauty.

"I wanted to tell you."

"You wanted to tell me what?" he asked. "That you f**king used me like a whore? Was that your intention all along? Play with a Skull and laugh while you did it?"

He was f**king hurt and not just because of the slash against his stomach. Lacey was the first woman since his kidnapping and torture that he'd actually wanted, and yet she was the enemy.

"I stumbled upon you, Whizz. I didn't go out of my way to meet you. I wanted a drink, and you were there. I couldn't stay away from you." She stopped as tears fell down her cheeks.

Pulling his weapon in front of him, he aimed it at her, wanting to cause her some kind of pain. Seeing the tears, he knew she was also in a great deal of pain. Could he end this woman? He knew if she was part of the Savage Brothers MC then she'd been through a shit load of pain already.

"My name is Lacey Weatherfield, but I was born Lacey Newbon. I was part of the Savage Brothers. I was a kid. Please," she said, reaching out to touch his cheek. "Don't hate me. Everything we shared together, that was real."

"You couldn't warn me?"

"No, I didn't have any other choice but to do this. I've been with the Savage Brothers all my life. This is what they wanted, and my loyalty was with them, not with you. I'm truly sorry. I never wanted it to be like this."

He loaded his gun ready to shoot her. There was no way he could let her live, and yet, the very thought of never seeing her again cut him to the core. For once, he didn't know if he could kill an enemy of The Skulls.

She looked sad. "You can kill me if you want."

"Fucking bitch," Gonzalez said, growling.

They both turned to look at the other f**ker. He was on death's door, and he was still trying to fight. The bastard was interrupting Whizz's moment, and he needed to die

"Give me a second and we can finish talking," she said. Lacey got to her feet and straddled Gonzalez's waist. "This is for the Savage Brothers." She held the tip of the blade to Gonzalez's neck. Glancing around the room, Whizz saw the rest of his brothers were too busy fighting the Savage Brothers or some of Gonzalez's men to get to Gonzalez himself. From the quick glance, he saw the majority of The Skulls were still standing.

Whizz watched in disgust and awe as she slid the blade in once, twice, three times and kept on going. She wasn't with him in that moment. She was killing the man from the past. Gonzalez wasn't responsible for the Savage Brothers' demise years ago, but his son was a good second. He dropped the gun to his side admiring Lacey's kill. She was brutal in her work. There was no holding back as she plunged the knife inside Gonzalez, over and over again.

There was no way he could kill her. He wanted to kill her. Whizz wanted to hurt her, but this wasn't the way.

"Lacey, stop, we've got to go." A large man Whizz had never seen before grabbed a blood covered Lacey.

"Get off me, Dalton."

"No, we're going now. I don't give a f**k what you've got to say. This is f**king over. We've got to round shit up and get the f**k out of here."

He watched her being carried out of the town hall. Fuck, what was he going to do? The one woman he really wanted had just turned into the enemy of The Skulls.

Fuck!

When was his life ever going to make f**king sense?

****

"Butch, wake up, baby, please, you've got to wake up. You can't die," Cheryl said, screaming his name. There was blood everywhere, and none of The Skulls agreed to help him. Everything had gone wrong, and she didn't know how to make it all right. "Please, somebody, help me."

Tiny, Devil, Alex stared down at the body refusing to help. Why wouldn't they help? Butch had done everything they asked.

He didn't tell them about the Savage Brothers MC.

"He's dead. Leave him be," Tiny said, spitting on the ground. He was covered in blood, his arm holding a giant gash revealing too much of his flesh. Gonzalez and the Savage Brothers had taken them all by surprise, and now both crews were having to pay the price.

"No, he's not dead. I can feel a pulse. Please, you've got to help him." Cheryl tried to cover the bullet wound to keep his blood from leaving his body.

No one was helping. Sandy was passing out across the room. The guys had brought her along in case they needed fixing up. What remained of the Fort Wills town hall left a lot to be desired. Civilians were running around trying to get away from the attack that had hit the town within days of Tiny going to war with Devil. Well, they didn't go to war, but they're no longer friends. Butch had told her that it could end in war if Devil and Tiny really wanted to fight over territory. She'd always doubted they'd go to war seeing as Devil didn't want Fort Wills. For the first time in years Devil and Tiny didn't get along. They'd all been mistaken. Gonzalez never intended to choose between the two men. He was going to take on Fort Wills and Piston County, killing all of them without leaving anyone behind. Cheryl saw the glares they were shooting at her man. It was all a big mistake. They were all staring at Butch as if he was a rat, vermin, something they couldn't bring themselves to touch. Didn't they know he was helping them all?

"He's not getting my f**king help," Zero said, standing up. "He's f**king dead to me. I saw him talk to one of those bastards. He was with the Savage Brothers. No brother helps another club behind our backs."

"This is what Gonzalez wanted, to tear us all apart," she said. Butch told her everything about what he'd done and why. Gonzalez had to be put down. There was no way to stop what he had to do. He was betraying his brothers, and yet he was protecting them at the same time. The Savage Brothers was in his blood. He was helping all three clubs without even picking one. The Skulls were his home, and the Savage Brothers had left him for dead.

Butch did what Alex told him to. He'd told her everything, not leaving anything out. The Skulls and Chaos Bleeds were refusing to see the truth, and now the love of her life was dying in her arms. Glancing around the room, members of both crews were dying all around them.

She tried to think fast.

Staring at one man to the other, she tried to figure out the fastest way to help her man.

All of them, apart from Alex, were married. Those women were in a safe house, or at least they thought it was safe. Butch had arranged for the women and children to be at the warehouse in the hope of luring Gonzalez away from them. The Savage Brothers knew where they were, and perhaps Gonzalez did as well. Deep in her heart, she knew Butch would never allow harm to come to the women, but she hoped they doubted him enough to believe that he would.

"If you let Butch die, every single person you hold dear will die," she said, letting her words sink in.

"They're safe."

"Are they? Have you heard from Lexie? Eva? Tate? They're all where Butch put them, and I know I can end their lives if his heart stops beating." She gritted her teeth as the blood seeped through her fingers and the lies poured from her mouth. She hoped none of them tried to call their women as they'd see through her lies immediately.

Cheryl was willing to do everything to save her man, even put the lives of the clubs' women at stake.

She would say anything to get Butch the help he needs.

"Please, he didn't do this. He told me it was all going to be okay." She held onto Butch's hand, while covering up his neck.

Out of the corner of her eye she saw that Gonzalez was indeed dead. The Savage Brothers had come in, killed Gonzalez and several civilians. She even heard some gunfire as they left the town hall. This wasn't supposed to happen.

"Fine," Tiny said. "We'll get him to the hospital."

The words were by no means comforting, but she wasn't going to argue with him.

"I've got your back, Butch. I'm going to make sure everything is okay." She was going to stay by his side until all of this mess was cleaned up. Tiny wasn't at war with Devil, but the two were not getting along. She'd heard Butch tell Gonzalez that Devil and Tiny were at war.

Why didn't you take care of this?

****

Standing outside of Butch's hospital room, Tiny was so f**king angry. The bastard was alive, barely alive. He didn't know what Butch had been trying to do, but he was sure going to find out.

"None of it makes any sense," Zero said, standing with them. Cheryl wouldn't let any of them in the room, probably out of fear of what they would do. Tiny couldn't blame her. He wanted to kill the bastard, but he needed to find out the truth before he decided to end one of his men. Gonzalez was dead, and the threats he posed were all dead.

He, Ned, Alex, and even f**king Devil had planned today down to the last detail. Civilians in his town had died because of his interference, and he was f**ked off. This should have been clean and finished, not like the way it went down. The Savage Brothers may have come from a f**king MC, but they didn't act like it. They were f**king amateurs.

"Tiny and I had Butch gathering information from Gonzalez," Alex said, speaking up for the crew to hear. Sasha was sobbing against Pussy, who was badly bruised and beaten. There had been a lot of men to fight off. Sasha had hit the deck, and Pussy had stayed in front of her, fighting. Tiny, in between everything that happened, had seen the couple. Pussy was holding her tightly, whispering against her head.

Lash held Angel tight to him as the woman shook in his arms. She was a lot stronger than people gave her credit, even him.

No one knew where their women were being kept. The club had agreed on the warehouse, but Tiny wasn't willing to risk the safety of his woman in case Butch had taken them elsewhere. He truly thought Butch had taken them to the warehouse. Frowning, he wondered if they were in fact at the warehouse. With everything that went down, he'd not even tried to contact Eva. The only person who knew the details were Cheryl and Butch, at least if they weren't at the warehouse. She was keeping their location very close to her chest. Unless there wasn't a different location and she'd said what needed to be said in order to get them to help with Butch. Fuck, he didn't know what to do anymore.

Pulling out his cell phone he dialed Eva's number, and it went straight to voicemail. He was pissed, scared, and he didn't know what to do. Every time he called her, there was no answer.

He didn't see any reason to stop Alex from explaining everything they had planned. Gonzalez was dead, but knowing that didn't fill Tiny with happiness. In fact, he was f**king angry. The Savage Brothers were alive, and he wanted them dead. They had come into his town without his f**king permission, and now he had blood on his hands because of them. He didn't give a shit about what they'd suffered years ago. There's always a way around getting revenge, especially in his f**king town. He'd fought off so many other clubs intent on taking on Fort Wills, and the Savage Brothers were no different. Tiny wanted them all dead, and Butch was going to help them. He wanted the truth, and he wanted that truth now.

"It seems Butch wasn't working for just us," Alex said. "I had no idea he was talking to another club. I should have looked into it."

"No, he wasn't working for us," a blue-haired woman said, appearing in the room. Tiny recalled seeing her blue hair in the town hall. What the f**k was she doing here?

Whizz tensed up. "What the f**k are you doing here?" He was speaking Tiny's thoughts aloud. The man was refusing to be cleaned up. He was determined to wait for Sandy to fix up the cut along his side. Whizz was a stubborn bastard when he wanted to be.

"You're one of them," Tiny said, glaring at her. It was against his principles to kill a woman. He never killed women, but with his anger right now, he was more than ready to kill.

"I had to come and make sure you didn't kill Butch." She had her hands fisted at her sides. "He didn't give away your location. Danny-he's our leader-he found out that Gonzalez was at the town hall today. I tried to get him to stop, to back off, but he wasn't listening. I'm sorry about what happened and for the damage we've caused. There was no talking him out of this revenge. He's been determined to get what he wants for a long time. I did try, but he wouldn't listen to me. He's not trusted me for a long time." She stopped, and Tiny saw her eyes were on Whizz. "Butch isn't a traitor. Danny asked him, and he talked about their fathers and stuff. He's a loyal Skull. Please, don't take this out on him. I promise you all, Butch didn't want to hurt any of you. You shouldn't kill him or hurt him. It wasn't supposed to happen like this."

Tiny looked at the door to see Cheryl standing in the doorway. "He didn't want to help the Savage Brothers," Cheryl said. "He was scared, and by the time he realized what he was doing, he was scared that you'd turn on him. After everything that happened he didn't want to tell you for fear of what you'd think. He knew The Skulls was his home. He just wanted to end Gonzalez. That man had hurt all of us at some point, and another MC could have helped." Tears were falling down her cheeks. "He'd never put any of you in danger nor would he put the women. They're all at the warehouse outside of town. I lied to you so that you'd take care of him. He told me to tell you. He didn't want you all here waiting for their location. I'm sorry for lying to you, but Butch, he means everything to me and to Matthew." She wiped the tears away. "They're all in comfort as well. Butch saw to that. He didn't want any of the women to suffer. He followed your orders exactly, Tiny."

Looking into the room, Tiny knew he had a choice. He could kill Butch or believe that the brother who'd been serving loyally for the last ten years truly had the club's best interest at heart. Tiny had once been part of another MC, The Darkness, but they didn't deserve any kind of loving loyalty. They'd been a bunch of monsters intent on causing pain. Butch had been part of a very different MC. For all he knew, Butch had been with a loving club that had been taken from him. Some of that club had survived. Fuck, he didn't know what to do.

Looking over his shoulder at the blue-haired woman, Tiny nodded his head. "Thank you for telling me. Get the f**k out of this hospital before I kill you my f**king self. I don't give a f**k that you're a woman. Get out of my f**king sight, now."

She scurried away, giving Whizz one last look.

"You'd kill a woman?" Whizz asked.

"Right now, I'd kill anyone related to the Savage Brothers. They invaded our town and almost got us all killed. One of the brothers shot Butch. I don't trust them."

Tiny turned toward the room holding Butch. He didn't want to kill Butch as he believed the brother's heart was in the right place. Ten years of loyalty, he wasn't going to throw it out of the window. Tiny was better than that. He was going to find out the truth before he did anything he might regret.

Entering Butch's room after Cheryl agreed to let him inside providing he didn't kill Butch, Tiny stared at the brother. He was awake but could barely speak.

"I'm sorry," Butch said, licking his lips. The fear in his eyes was clear to see, but Tiny also saw acceptance. Did Butch expect to be killed?

"No, I don't want you to speak yet," Tiny said. "You were a f**king idiot to do what you did. By doing this alone you risked the lives of our club and our women. The moment you knew the Savage Brothers were in town you should have come to me."

"I tried to get them to come to you. They wouldn't listen." Butch stopped talking. Tears leaked out of his eyes, sliding down his cheeks. "I'm so sorry. If you're going to kill me, will you please send Cheryl away?"

"Butch, no, I'm not going to let them kill you," Cheryl said. "You're not getting rid of me. You didn't do anything wrong, not really. This is wrong, and they should see that." She sat on the chair beside him, taking his hand.

Tiny didn't want to kill Butch. Butch had been used by the Savage Brothers to get what they wanted. "I'm not going to kill you, Butch. The Savage Brothers used your compassion against you. I'm not interested in taking out one of the men I consider a friend. If you want to remain a Skull then you know the Savage Brothers need to go, and I don't mean to take a vacation. I want them dead. I will forget all about this, but you've got to make that final choice, Butch. The Skulls or the Savage Brothers." The town was in chaos because of this. Tiny would need to spend a great deal of money repairing the town hall and also reassuring the locals that they were, in fact, safe.

Butch nodded. "I know."

"Then you need to start now. You need to make a choice."

"Butch, baby, you know what you've got to do," Cheryl said. She squeezed Butch's hand. "It's them or us."

"I don't want to be part of the Savage Brothers. I'm a Skull, through and through. I f**ked up, but I know how to fix it." Butch turned from Cheryl to look at Tiny.

"I want them gone, Butch, and I need you to write down where they were."

Cheryl grabbed some paper and a pen. She didn't say another word as Butch wrote the address down on paper. "They're not going to come to you, Tiny. I can lure them out, help you resolve this," Butch said.

Taking the piece of paper, Tiny looked down at the address. It was an old, crumbling house. It made sense for a group of people who were not part of The Skulls to locate at a part of town where they wouldn't be noticed. No one would pay attention to men coming and going out of this old house. Tiny had been so preoccupied with Gonzalez that he hadn't paid any attention to his own town.

After everything that happened, Tiny wasn't prepared to take a chance.

"Will you let me live?" Butch asked.

Cheryl gasped, tears falling down her cheeks. "I'm not going to let them kill you." She turned to look at Tiny. "Please, don't kill him. He didn't mean to do this. Please, you can't turn your back on him."

Staring at Butch, Tiny knew the man had meant well. "I'm not going to kill you, Butch. I understand what you did and why you did it, but until further notice you'll no longer be part of meetings. You'll be with the prospects. Until I can completely trust you, you're back down there."

"I understand."

"Good." Tiny stared at the address. Gonzalez was gone, and now it was time to take out the other MC that had put all of their lives in danger with their stupidity.

"Thank you for this. Now you concentrate on getting better." He turned to walk out of the room then stopped to look at Cheryl. "You surprised me today."

"Why?"

"I never had you pegged for the kind of woman to lie or to risk the lives of the other women."

She shook her head. "The Skull women were never in danger. I'll lie, cheat, and f**king steal to protect Butch and my son. I'm an old lady, Tiny, and I'm part of The Skulls in a way. I'll do whatever needs to be done to protect the club."

Respect for Cheryl grew as she turned her attention back to her man. Butch was a good man, but he was f**king lucky to have a woman willing to go that far to protect him. If Cheryl hadn't been willing to lie, Tiny would have let him die back in the town hall without a second thought. He walked out of the hospital room, moving toward Devil. The leader of the Chaos Bleeds crew wouldn't be part of the hospital meeting nor any other meeting for that matter. They were done as far as he was concerned. Eva had already kicked his ass over what he'd said to Devil. Calling the Chaos Bleeds women whores had been a low point, even for him. Tiny, thinking back to what he did, was ashamed of it. He was much better than that, but their relationship was dead, gone. Hearing Devil was going to leave when he needed him had filled Tiny with hate. Gonzalez had sent a man to kill Eva, and then Devil was leaving. It was all too much for Tiny, and he'd lashed out in the worst possible way. The verbal insults were not something he could take back. They wouldn't be at war as far as Tiny was concerned, but they were no longer friends to call in a fight. He'd come to rely too heavily on Devil and the Chaos Bleeds crew. The Skulls would never change who they were. Tiny had his rules whereas Devil lived by as few rules as possible. Neither of them was ever going to change who they were. This was it. From this moment forward neither of them was going to be calling on the other in a fight.

"Tiny, I need a word," Whizz said, invading his thoughts.

Glancing at the other man, Tiny nodded.

"We're going after the Savage Brothers?" Whizz asked.

"Yeah, I'm not allowing them to live. Butch gave them up, and we've still got time to get them before they try to escape." He held up the piece of paper holding the address that held their location.

Whizz ran fingers through his hair. "We're not backing down from Butch?"

"No. He gave their location. He's back to being a prospect to a point. We'll give him time. I understand why he did what he did, but I don't agree to him lying to us or keeping shit from us."

"I want Lacey." Whizz didn't beat around the bush; he stated what he wanted. "The woman with the blue hair. She's the woman I've been seeing. I don't want her as part of this."

"You know I can't let that happen. She's a Savage Brother, and she needs to die."

"You're not a murderer of women. She killed Gonzalez, and I need her. Ever since Alan attacked me I've not been able to focus. The nightmares, the memories, they claw at me every day. When I'm around her, she makes me feel different. I wouldn't ask this if I hadn't thought it through. I wanted to kill her in the f**king town hall, but I couldn't. I'm asking for you to let me have this."

Whizz hadn't needed anyone in such a long time. Simply hearing the words from Whizz made Tiny pause. Could he take away the brother's crutch? Ever since he met Lacey, Whizz had been different. He'd started whistling, smiling, and looking like his old self. There was no way that Tiny could take that away from him, no matter what he wanted to do.

"Fine, but you've got to keep her away from the group, as otherwise she's dead along with them. Get her away from the rest of the Savage Brothers, but you better make sure she doesn't try anything. I'm not in a mood to be fighting a crazy bitch when she realizes the rest of her club is dead."

Whizz nodded and rushed off out of the hospital, holding his side.

Tiny didn't know what the other man had planned, and he wasn't interested.

"Did you get the girls' location?" Devil asked.

"Yeah. Butch hadn't moved them anywhere else. They're at the old warehouse. Cheryl lied to save her man. I respect her for it. I'd have let him die, and I wouldn't have listened to him back at the town hall. I wasn't interested in listening to anyone." He started to talk about an attack about to happen, but Devil cut him off with a fist to his face. The blow was unexpected.

"We're done, Tiny. I mean it. Gonzalez was the last person we're dealing with. I'm taking my woman and my crew, and I'm getting the hell out of here."

Tiny followed Devil outside. He watched Devil climb behind the wheel of his car, starting up the engine.

"What about our women? They're friends," Tiny said, accepting the punch. He leaned on the open window. "I'm not going to stop Eva from talking with Lexie."

"I'm not going to stop Lexie from talking with Eva either. There's no way we could stop those two women from talking to each other. They'll do whatever the hell they want. I can't blame Lex. She knows what she's doing, and I trust her. We're done though, Tiny. I've got a town to protect." Devil started his engine and pulled away from the curb.

"You're just going to let him get away with punching you in the face?" Alex asked, standing beside him.

"I had no choice. I insulted his woman and his club. I'd do the same to him." Tiny was filled with regret. He'd f**ked up big style, and there was nothing he could do to change it. Glancing at the rest of his club, he saw they were waiting for him to take charge. "I'm not going to turn against Butch. I know why he did what he did."

"We're not going to kill him?" Zero asked.

"No. He's given us the Savage Brothers' location. We're going to take them out and finally rid our lives of everything that Gonzalez touched. However, Whizz asked to have the blue-haired woman. He wants to keep her by his side. I've agreed."

"Do you think that's f**king sensible?" Lash asked. "She's part of a club that almost f**king killed us. There's no way that makes any f**king sense to me. It's f**king wrong."

"Whizz asked this of me, and until I hand you over the f**king gavel, you'll accept my word as f**king law, understood?"

Lash nodded, still looking pissed.

"She came to us to protect Butch. You've got to remember that. She didn't want us to hurt him. I'm willing to give Whizz a chance with this." Tiny ran fingers through his hair. When all of this was over he was going to call Eva out of the warehouse. There was no way he was going to put her life at risk until he finished this off once and for all. Eva wouldn't completely agree with his plan, but it's what he needed to do. "Are you with me or not?"

Killer stepped forward first. "I'm in. I don't want the Savage Brothers alive. If others hear of a club who attacked like that and made it out alive, we'll be f**ked all over again. I don't want that. We do this, and we do it now."

One by one his men stepped forward, agreeing to take out the Savage Brothers.

"When do we attack?" Alex asked.

Pulling out his cell phone, Tiny started typing a message.

Whizz, you better have your woman. We're coming now!

"We're going to go and get them now." Tiny glanced at the hospital. For a long time it had felt like he'd lived inside those walls. Eva, Angel, Sophia, his boys, all of his club had been locked within the hospital walls because of different enemies. The hospital contained good memories, bad memories, and the feeling of hope. Turning his back on the hospital, he knew this was going to be a turning point in his life. Chaos Bleeds and Devil were gone. He wasn't going to call on them for help. Their friendship was through, and there would be no way of a future between the two clubs. He wouldn't allow it. Gonzalez was gone and so were the men who posed any kind of threat. Whizz had reached out to all of the other men, and they were backing down. Ned would be coming to town soon, and everything was looking up.

Glancing up at the sky, he saw the sun was shining bright. It was the start of something new, something different, but before he could embrace that, he was going to kill the last of the Savage Brothers once and for all.

Epilogue

The Skulls

Whizz entered the clubhouse. His hands were shaking as he went toward the bar. Pouring himself a large shot of whiskey, he thought about everything that had happened in the past few hours. Retaliation was needed. If The Skulls let this slide then everyone was going to think they had a chance to come to their town and take whatever revenge they saw fit. He wasn't going to let it happen. The club was all he had left after what he just found out.

He should have put two and two together. Lacey wasn't all that much of a mystery. He'd found the records with ease once he had her full name and knew where to look. She'd been raped, beaten, and left for dead. Her crew, the Savage Brothers, had gotten her out alive. She'd been living with them for the last twenty years. The Savage Brothers moved all the time. They never stayed in the same place and were constantly on the move. They were good at hiding. Whizz was older than she was by a couple of years.

A thirty year old woman with a past darker than his and they'd come together in an explosion of chemistry. He knew Lacey wouldn't completely leave the hospital until she got a chance to talk to him. She'd been following him to the graveyard the past couple of times. They'd both been searching each other out like a couple of addicts searching for their next fix.

"Why are you here?" Whizz asked, swigging down the shot. He knew she'd follow him. The way she looked at him in the town hall made him aware of what she wanted from him. She didn't want to end it like this. At the hospital he'd gotten the same kind of vibe from her. He didn't need to lure her away from the Savage Brothers. Her being with him kept the Savage Brothers in the same place. His club, The Skulls, could guarantee taking them out without any problems so long as he kept Lacey with him. He'd received the text from Tiny, and now all he had to wait for was the confirmation that the hit had gone down without a problem.

"I couldn't leave before I paid you another visit."

He held his side, wincing. Whizz had decided to wait until Sandy was free to stitch him up, and he was starting to regret that decision.

"You haven't got yourself stitched up?" she asked.

"I only trust a few people to touch my body. She's in the hospital recovering from her own wounds, and I've got away until she gets out. No one else is touching up my wounds."

Lacey clucked her tongue. "Spare me men with issues," she said. She moved toward the back of the bar, searching for a medical kit.

"There's one behind the till," Whizz said, watching her. Even now, knowing who she was, he was turned on. He wanted inside her tight pu**y.

He tugged his shirt off as she rounded the bar. She opened the medical kit and started working away at his cut. It wasn't that bad, but it still f**king stung.

His cell phone went off as she was working, and he looked down at the text.

Tiny: We're here. Keep her there.

Before Whizz entered the club, he knew she was following him. He'd already sent Tiny a text to begin. Whizz knew he could keep her there. Lacey wasn't going to run from him yet. Pouring another healthy shot of whiskey, he swallowed it down. What he was about to do sickened him, but it needed to be done. She was going to hate him for a long time after this.

Once a Skull, always a Skull.

He took his loyalty within the club seriously. The club was all he had left, and he'd die saving it.

Lacey cleaned up the wound, touching his body. In his mind he saw the way she moaned as he f**ked her hard and deep. Keeping his gaze focused on her hands, he watched her peel away the back of the plaster to cover his wound. She gave him a watery smile. "I don't want you to hate me for everything that's happened."

"I couldn't hate you."

She didn't believe him, and he saw it in her eyes as she stared back. "I would hate me for what I did. I knew who you were, yet I couldn't stop coming to see you."

"So, the first meeting was a chance one."

"Yes. I just wanted a coffee and to get away from the others. It was all too much. I never expected the troubles that have come." She packed away all the trash and placed them in a pile.

Staring at her, he was struck by how beautiful she was. Her body was covered in ink, her blue hair looking out of place, but she was beautiful to him.

"The Savage Brothers, they didn't mean to cause such a mess. We're already leaving. You won't have to worry about us messing with your club or causing problems again. I had to come and see you one last time."

"Where are you going?" he asked, waiting for the text to say the job was done.

"I don't know. Wherever Dalton and Danny want to go. I follow them."

She made to leave. Reaching out, he grabbed her arm and pressed her against the wall, stalling for time. He couldn't let her leave not until the whole job was done. Part of him knew he should be with his club, but he had to be here to stop her from doing something crazy and stupid.

"Whizz, what are you doing?" she asked.

"Before you go, I think it's only fair for a goodbye kiss," he said.

Lacey moaned. Sinking his fingers into her hair, he tilted her head back and claimed those tempting, lush lips. Sliding his tongue within her mouth, Whizz couldn't stop. He was taken over by pure pleasure. He deepened the kiss, determined to rid his mind of the guilt he suffered for stalling for time. He wanted her kiss more than anything else. His cell phone beeped in his pocket. Her eyes were closed, and he pulled the phone up to see the text.

Tiny: It's done.

Pulling away, he stroked her cheek, knowing in his heart he was going to break her heart.

"I'm sorry," he said.

She frowned. "Why are you sorry?"

He took a step back and walked toward the bar. "Call your crew."

Pouring himself another shot of whiskey, Whizz knew it was going to be his last one. She started pressing in numbers.

"They're not answering," she said, seconds later, panicking. "Why aren't they answering?"

Staring back at her, Whizz rested against the bar.

"Do you really think The Skulls would let you leave without any retribution? This is our town, our club, and you disrespected the rules Tiny keeps in place."

"What did you do?" she asked, tears filling her eyes.

Placing the shot glass down on the counter, Whizz stared at her.

"They're all dead. We couldn't let their interference stand. Tiny and the rest of The Skulls killed them."

"Why am I alive?" she asked.

"Because I asked for you to be alive."

She charged at him, raising her fist. He caught hold of her and pressed her against the wall, restraining her.

"You f**king bastard. I hate you. They were my family. Why couldn't you let me die with them?" She fought him.

The cries from her throat broke his heart.

"You owe me. You f**ked with my head, and now you owe me. You're alive because I asked for you to live."

"What the hell do you want from me?" she asked.

Whizz couldn't answer. In truth, he didn't have a clue what he wanted from her. It was over. Gonzalez was dead, the Savage Brothers were gone, and it was now time to start the next chapter of their lives. Whizz knew he couldn't live without Lacey, and that's why he couldn't let her die.

Epilogue II

Chaos Bleeds

Three weeks later

Piston County

"Are you sure you're okay?" Lexie asked.

Judi was sitting up in bed eating some Jell-O while Ripper fussed around her. Simon was bouncing on the bed, happy. Lexie held Josh while Elizabeth was snuggled in her father's arms.

"I'm more than okay. I've never felt better. The doctor is optimistic about all my options." Judi smiled over at Ripper. "Can I tell them?"

"Sure, baby." Ripper leaned down, licking the Jell-O off Judi's lips. "Um, tasty."

"Seriously, Ripper, she's my daughter, and if you do that in front of me, I'll beat the shit out of you," Devil said.

"Daddy cursed!" Simon held his hand out for money.

Lexie chuckled as she watched her son waiting for his money. With everything that had happened, Lexie had installed a curse jar in the house. When they weren't in the house, Devil had to pay Simon a dollar each time he cursed. She thought it was cute, but at this rate, Simon was going to be a billionaire by the time he was a teenager.

"I swear, Lex, that jar was the worst thing."

"It works. You hold your tongue. Now, shush, I want to hear what Judi's got to say."

Judi and Ripper shared a secret smile. "We didn't know about it until the doctor came back with her blood tests, and it's a miracle it survived what she went through." Ripper took hold of Judi's hand. "We're pregnant."

The smiles on the young couple's faces were so sweet.

Feeling happy, Lexie reached out taking her hand. "Congrats, honey."

"We're going to be pregnant together," Judi said, rubbing her stomach. "I can't believe it."

In the three weeks since the visit to Fort Wills, everything had returned to normal. Well, if you called a breakup between Devil and Tiny, normal, then they were on course for normal. The two presidents hadn't talked in all of the three weeks. Lexie talked with Eva all the time.

The Chaos Bleeds crew was spending their time rebuilding the strip club and putting the town back to rights. Well, Devil said it wasn't going to be a strip club but possibly a night club. She didn't know what he had planned, but she trusted him. The girls that had been taken were slowly being sent back to their families and were trying to repair themselves.

No matter what Lexie said, Devil wouldn't get past his resolve. He was determined to sever all ties with Tiny. She couldn't argue with him. Tiny did insult the club and the club's name.

"Well, I guess I'm going to be a granddad," Devil said, smiling.

Lexie groaned. "I'm going to be a grandma. I'm too young to be a grandma."

Judi and Ripper started chuckling.

"Babe, you're going to be the hottest grandma out there. You'll put a new meaning to the term GILF."

She lashed out punching Devil in the arm. "Will you stop?" she asked.

"Never." Devil pulled her into his arms. They were all good. A knock at the door sounded.

"Can we all come in?" Pussy asked, holding Sasha's hand.

"Sure, come on in."

Pussy, Sasha, Death, and Snake all entered the room. They were carrying balloons and wrapped baked goods, judging from the smell and smiles.

"It's good to see you moving around, princess." Death put the flowers down beside her bed, reaching over to kiss her cheek.

This was the family she knew and loved. Gonzalez was out of their lives, and they were all free to move on. Glancing up at Devil, she saw he was indeed happier than he had been since Gonzalez had entered their lives.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"I'm more than okay. I've got my family, my crew, and my town all safe."

They had buried Kayla next to Ashley. In the graveyard they were collecting a number of bodies, memories that Lexie didn't want to touch. She hoped in the coming years she didn't add more people to the mix.

****

At Christmas Death stood in the clubhouse as the crew started to put up the decorations. He loved and hated Christmas. The season was about forgiving and moving on. Death moved on, but he never forgave.

He watched as Lexie stood on a chair and started to put up banners. She was heavily pregnant, and Devil was holding onto her h*ps as she was precariously balanced.

Unlike the last couple of Christmases there was not a sign of The Skulls. It was like they never existed, which he knew was wrong. The two clubs should be friends, and it made no sense to Death to sever ties. The rest of the club seemed fine with the change, but he didn't like it.

The Skulls were a good group of men. Lexie and Eva still talked, but it wasn't like it used to be.

Since Gonzalez's death, the town was back in working order. There were no more threats, and the club was doing its best to set the town back up for people to work. One of the girls who didn't have a family but had been sent to Gonzalez was working at the club. She had nowhere else to go and was too old to go into care at nineteen. He didn't know much about her other than the fact she was a pretty little thing.

She had curves in all the right places, but again, he didn't know how far Gonzalez had gotten his claws into her.

Sitting at the bar, Death watched the girl behind the counter as she served beer to the men. Her red hair caught the light, making him wonder if she was a natural redhead between her thighs.

Brianna her name was, or at least that's what she told them all.

"Hey, beautiful, pour me a drink," he said.

In all the months since Brianna had been working for them, Death made sure he wasn't alone with her or put in any position where he could be vulnerable. It was a lame ass excuse, but Death wasn't into making a commitment, nor was he into a woman so young. She was easily fifteen years younger than he was.

"Here you go, Death," she said, placing the drink in front of her.

He looked up into her sharp green eyes. They were the eyes of a temptress, the destroyer of his bachelorhood. Then, Brianna, the bitch, she smiled at him showing her white teeth.

Against his better judgment, Death after so many months of avoiding her, started to fall for the redhead. Did the club know red haired women turned him on?

Fuck, there was no other word to describe it. He was truly f**ked.

The End

