Chapter One

William Johnson glared at the financial reports in his hand and once again cursed the prudes of Cape Falls. His club was not some perverted hell-hole where people would lose their soul to the f**king devil. Control, which he'd called his club, was an exclusive BDSM club on the outskirts of Cape Falls surrounded by the forest that over looked the large lake. He'd spent a lot of money redesigning the run-down house where he now lived. Cape Falls was an old-fashioned town, and most of the residents still had their old-fashioned values. At first, he'd found their values cute and charming. Now, he found them a f**king inconvenience and wearing on his mind.

In order to maintain a decent club and house, he needed the essentials of the proper equipment and top quality alcohol and food to be served. Everywhere he went someone in Cape Falls was f**king him over. The prices were high, and sometimes the trucks destined to deliver were either late or never turned up at all.

A knock on his office door interrupted his pressing thoughts.

"Come in," he said.

Peter Miller popped his head around the door. This guy was in love with Dean Riley's wife and taking lessons on how to become a qualified Dom at William's club. Over the years William had trained many young men. None of those men had shown the dedication that Peter displayed during his training. The troubled look on the younger man's face made William aware of some kind of problem about to happen.

"Are there people outside condemning this place again?"

Peter shook his head.

When he had first opened his club, Gabriel Anderson, the local sheriff and long-time friend, had been called onto the scene in order to clear the people away. Once again, William wondered why he thought Cape Falls was a place for him.

"Daisy is back. She's hitting the bottle pretty hard, and it looks like she may have been doing other substances as well."

Another one of his problems, Daisy McAllister.

"When will my day go right?" he asked.

"She's been through a rough patch. The Steer brothers won't talk to her. The Steer brothers' marriage is on the rocks, and Daisy moved out of her mother's house. I thought you liked Cape Falls?" Peter said.

"I like the idea of Cape Falls. This is a beautiful town, but it has too many backward notions that I don't like. I'm starting to think city life has cleaner air even with all the pollution."

William sat back looking at the reports. He had a lot of money, and the bills didn't even put a dent in the profit his club had made in the last six months alone. It would seem a lot of people in Cape Falls needed to let loose.

"Did you go to school with Daisy?" William asked.

"Not really. I think she was a year behind me. I was in the same year as Laura. Daisy went with Anna."

"Ah, the Steer brothers' wife. They have not spoken to her at all?"

Peter shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. Daisy is here most days when she's not at the school where she works as a receptionist."

"Daisy is a receptionist?"

"Yep, I don't know much about her, William. What I do know is she looks like she's going to crack."

William slammed the reports on his desk and stood up. He stretched out his tired muscles and circled around the desk. Peter stood, too, following him out of his office. Several people stood along the corridor chatting and doing what they usually did at his club. Control was not only for the residents of Cape Falls. No, his club provided for all the surrounding areas outside of the town. He prided himself on being able to know what people needed from him. William could spot a submissive in a crowded room. He also had a knack for finding dominant men who liked to control but knew when to stop. BDSM was not about a lack of control; it was more about staying in control. He thought naming his club Control was perfect.

He rounded the corner to the main room of the bar. There she was, at the bar with a half empty bottle of his most expensive whisky. A small shot of that whisky would have the hardiest of man under the table.

"You didn't even bother to take the bottle away from her?" he asked, glaring at Peter.

"I didn't think."

"That is sloppy work on your part, Peter. This woman is clearly in distress. I thought I taught you better than to leave a woman like this unattended."

"I wasn't in a dominant mode, William. She's a young woman. I didn't think."

William saw red. He hated hearing excuses at the best of times. Before he reacted, he made sure they were out of sight of witnesses. He opened the door leading to the supply room and yanked Peter in with him. William pushed the younger guy up against the wall. His arm went across his throat. Peter didn't move. He waited for what was to come.

"I don't care if you're not in dominant mode, Peter. When you're in my club, and in fact every aspect of your life, you're in dominant mode. This is not a job description. This is your f**king life and my reputation you're putting on the line. Either take the role seriously, or find a new f**king job. Do I make myself clear?"

"Perfectly."

"Good." William pulled away and straightened his jacket. "I like you, Peter. You've got the potential of being a permanent Dom in my club. You'll have your own submissive to train and discipline. I suggest if you don't want this lifestyle then you think about your place in my club. Understand?"

"Yes."

"Good. I'm going to go and deal with an emotional woman. See that everything else is taken care of."

William left the other man to get himself together, and he made his way to the bar. Daisy had gotten rid of the glass and was drinking straight from the bottle. She was a young woman, twenty-five if his memory was right, the same age as Anna Steer. He stared at her for several moments instead of approaching. Her red hair was tied at the back in a messy bun. She wore a revealing dress. The strap on the left side had rolled down her arm, exposing a great deal of flesh. His c**k pulsed at the sight of such pale perfection.

Keep in control, William. She's not yours to take.

For the last six months since she'd been frequenting his bar, his reaction to her had grown. She no longer looked like a girl, but she'd blossomed into a full-figured, curvaceous woman. He knew he could easily spend hours simply gazing at her na**d beauty. This is where he felt like a f**king freak. At forty-five years old he should be lusting after women his own age, not wasting his time on younger women.

Get it together.

He approached the bar as Peter moved behind the counter. William took the seat next to her and signalled for Peter to bring him a drink.

"Are you here to ruin my buzz?" Daisy asked. Her voice sounded fine to him. He wondered if she'd been drinking or just pretending to drink.

"You call this a buzz? I think having a breakdown would be a more apt description." He took a sip of the brandy he'd been given. The burn helped to ease the ache in his cock. Dealing with Daisy with a hard-on was not the best thing to do. She clearly needed some direction in her life. What her mother had done to her had been cruel and unnecessary. To him, it seemed a great deal of people liked to cause useless pain.

"Yeah, well, you're old. You don't know what you're talking about." She took several large gulps out of the bottle. He turned to watch her, giving her his undivided attention.

"Stop staring," she said.

"No."

She shrugged her shoulders and drank some more. He got an image in his mind of her sucking his c**k until he orgasmed making her swallow all of his cum. The image went straight to his cock. He quickly drank some of his brandy in an attempt to rid his mind of the image she'd created. Daisy had no idea how gorgeous she was. He found the smattering of freckles along her nose to be the most adorable part of her.

Her body had filled out in the last six months as well. William put that down to the increase in comfort food. When he'd seen her losing control at his club, she'd been a woman but not properly filled out. He loved his women to be big, especially considering how hard he liked to f**k them. There was nothing worse than being in the middle of ramming his c**k inside a woman, touching her h*ps to get deeper and her whimpering in pain because the pressure he'd used had hurt her.

Yes, he was dominant, and he enjoyed spanking a woman, but there were certain pains that he did not like to cause. He liked his sex to be pleasurable. That kind of pain did nothing for him. The pain he gave should be combined with pleasure. It should be what the woman, as well as he, wanted.

"You keep staring at me, and I'm finding it creepy."

"Deal with it." He gritted his teeth as her tone began to stir the dominant within him. Up until this point he'd been able to keep his natural possessive and dominant nature at bay. She reminded him a little of Amy. Amy was his best friend's wife, who had been abused by her husband, and any form of punishment or domination scared her. William kept that part of him locked away in her presence. With Daisy, he'd done the same. Learning about being a sister to the Steer brothers had opened up a wound inside her. She was scared and hurt. He saw that and recognised being in control with her was not right. However, his instincts were taking over for him to force her to show him some respect.

"You know they're trying to shut this place down?" she said, licking her lips as she turned those dazzling green eyes toward him.

"I've heard, and they'll lose."

"Why? Because you've got a lot of money?"

"No, because Paul and David Steer want this place kept open." The moment he said their names he saw the flash in her eyes. The pain and hurt shone for only a second but long enough for him to see it. Daisy was hurting a lot more than she let on. Her walls came down, and she smashed the bottle of expensive whisky on the counter.

The liquor went everywhere. She threw the bottle on the floor, stood up, and slapped him on the face. "Don't ever say that. Don't ever say their stupid names." She screamed at the top of her lungs. The noise she made drew other customers' attention.

"Peter, deal with this while I deal with her." William caught both of her hands in one of his and led her out of the main bar back through to his office. His temper was high, but his hand wanted on her plump ass. She deserved what was coming to her, and William was more than happy to give it to her.

"Let me go," she said. The way she pulled and tugged at him was pathetic. He knew she wasn't even trying hard enough to stop what was about to happen.

He slammed his office door shut, turned the lock, and marched over to his sofa. Tearing off the jacket he wore, he sat down and pointed at his knees. "Get over now." He ordered her.

She shook her head. "You either get over now or the consequences will be far worse."

"How worse?" she asked.

"I'll never allow you in this bar again. I'm sure there is no other place to get the quality whisky you've just wasted anywhere else in Cape Falls. Or, I can get Gabriel over here to have you arrested. Over now."

She hesitated for several seconds and then moved closer. His hand ached, and his dick throbbed. He wanted to touch her ass and show her the consequences of her actions. Daisy McAllister was a submissive woman, and she'd been let loose for far too long. He was about to show her what it meant to test a dominant man.

****

Daisy knew she'd f**ked up. She'd never done anything as crazy as this. There was a time at Anna's birthday party where she'd made a fool of herself. She'd spent the next couple of weeks feeling embarrassed about what she'd said. Her mother's cruelty was starting to rub off on her, and she didn't like it. At twenty-five years old she'd never been with a man because all of her potential partners had despised her mother on sight. One guy had said he'd never take the risk with a woman if she ended up like her mother. That statement had hurt harder than anything else.

When her mother had admitted to having an affair with the Steer brothers' fathers, Daisy had felt her whole world crumble. They'd done a DNA test at Paul and David's insistence. She was their half sister. Finding out that piece of news hadn't helped matters. Paul and David refused to talk to her. They'd rejected her at every turn. All she'd wanted from them was a photo of her fathers. None of them knew which Steer brother had fathered her. They only knew it was one of the three dads of Paul and David Steer.

"Over now," William said.

She stared at his legs for several moments. William Johnson was a large man. His muscles and size rivalled most of the men at Cape Falls. She'd been attracted to him from the first moment she'd met him. He'd been walking through town at the time. They were never introduced. She'd simply seen, looked, and then moved on. No one ever considered her for a wife or partner. At twenty-five years old she was tired of being a virgin. Tired of never knowing what it was like with a man.

Staring at his legs she knew he was going to punish her. Her pu**y warmed under his intense gaze. She wanted to give up her control. Daisy knew she needed to feel comfort in something. She moved to him and lay over his knees.

One of his hands went across her back to keep her secure. Daisy was aware of her rounder stomach. All the chocolate chip ice cream she'd been eating lately had begun to take its toll on her body. Her ass was probably the size of an elephant's. She cringed, wondering what William thought of her.

"This dress is far too revealing. Next time, I want you to wear something that covers your body."

"Why?"

Whack.

She cried out from the pain, but then she felt the warmth spread over her ass. The sensation went straight to her clit. A moan escaped her lips, and the pleasure shocked her to her core.

"You're so responsive," he said. His hand caressed her butt. She felt embarrassed at how she was displayed. What would people think if they saw her like this? "I'm going to spank this ass another eleven times. I don't like dealing with odd numbers, Daisy. I think you deserve twelve for the liquor you've wasted and for your cocky attitude. Agreed?"

Did she agree? How would she feel if he pushed her off his lap and told her to get lost? Another rejection. She didn't know how many more rejections she could take.

"Yes, please, William, please." She begged him at every turn. She had no idea what she was begging for. Daisy knew whatever she was begging for, only William could give her. He was the only person who had cared about her these last few months. He came out to the bar to sit with her. Sometimes they talked, and at other times, they didn't. Daisy enjoyed talking to him. She liked his presence. In some way, he comforted her.

"So eager," he said.

She no longer cared. His arms were around her, and she felt comforted in ways she'd never felt before. One of his arms were around her waist while the other caressed her butt. Her heart pounded inside her chest, and she didn't care. William had her. He wouldn't let anything happen to her.

"Are you ready, pet?" he asked.

"Yes." She'd never been ready for anything else. Daisy closed her eyes and waited for his hand on her ass. When the whack of his hand landed over her ass, the pain stung, but the pleasure pulsed throughout her body. She bit her lip to stop herself from crying out. The pain helped her see clearly. Her mind was foggy from the strong alcohol she'd been taking. For the first time since finding out about her fathers, she suddenly felt warm inside. Her doubts and fears began to fizzle out.

Her butt was not exposed. He was landing the blows over her dress. She loved it and would have happily stayed in that position for the rest of her life. Tears streamed down her face as the final blow came.

William ran his hand over her ass and talked to her, his sweet voice making her heart melt and her entire world spin out of control.

"I've got you," he said. He lifted her up in his arms, pressed her head against his chest, and comforted her.

Never had her mother given her this kind of comfort. Tears poured from her eyes as she tucked her hands against his shirt. Daisy glanced at her fist resting against his shirt. There was nothing to hold her in place. The world was sucking her down once more. She felt the fear and pain begin to take hold. The panic inside her scared her.

"I can't do this," she said. Daisy tried to move away. William stopped her from moving. "I can't do this."

"What can't you do?" he asked.

He tilted her head up so she was looking at him. Through the tears she saw him gazing down at her. She felt his gaze right in the centre of her soul. "You're losing control. I can see it."

She watched as he ran his fingers through his hair. He let out a curse, which made her flinch. Why was he mad? She didn't understand.

"I know you're intoxicated at the moment, and I can see what's happening to you," he said.

What is happening to me? Why was I fine when you were hitting my bottom and now I can't think?

"I've got an idea that might help. I'll need you to nod your head and promise me when tomorrow comes you'll talk to me when you're sober."

"I'll do anything. Please, just make this pain go away. I can't bear it anymore," she said.

He nodded his head. "Come with me." William stood, grabbed her hand and was heading out of the door. She followed him up a flight of stairs to the door at the end of the hall. He unlocked the door and took her through to the other side of the house. She noticed it was different from the club. The colours were brighter and the decor more personal. This was his personal home. His place was connected to the club.

She followed as he walked up another set of stairs and through to a bedroom. There was a large wooden four-poster bed in the centre of the room. He locked the door, went to the closet door and pulled out a pair of stretch pants and a long shirt. "Put these on," he said. He left the room, and she heard the lock on the outside slide into place.

Closing her eyes, she began to remove her dress and underwear. Her ass burnt as she put the sweat pants on. By the time he came back, she stood in the room feeling as attractive as a wet piece of lettuce. The sweat pants covered her entire body and hid all of her curves. He held a long piece of rope in his hand. It was a coloured piece of rope. She'd seen some like it on the internet during her searches into BDSM. It was treated rope, designed to tie a person up but not hurt them.

"I'm going to tie you to the bed. You're going to close your eyes and get some rest."

"How will that help me?" she asked. She eyed the rope wondering how being bound would help her. The rope looked threatening. She wouldn't be able to get away, just like she had not been able to get away from William while he spanked her.

"Because I'm going to tie you to my bed. You calmed down when you were over my knees. I'm doing this, Daisy. No one else."

"Will it help?" she asked.

"We'll find out. Do you want to do this?"

Her mind was foggy. She hadn't slept well in months. Her body hurt all over. The rope was a lifeline. Daisy nodded her head.

"I'm going to need you to say the words out loud, Daisy."

"I want you to tie me to your bed," she said.

"Lie down."

She moved to the bed and watched as he advanced. He tied the rope to the bed post. She waited as he made a test of the rope, pulling on the length to see if there was much give. He then locked her hands together and tied the robe in a loop behind her hands and back. The knot was not tight, but she couldn't get away.

William tested the rope for give and to allow her movement. "Does it hurt?" he asked.

Daisy shook her head. Her mind was beginning to clear as she stared at him.

"I've got to go back to the club. I'm going to lock this door. You're safe here, Daisy. No one will hurt you. I want you to close your eyes and sleep."

"Will you come back here when you're done?" she asked.

"To sleep?"

"Yes," she said. Her eyes were already starting to droop.

He leaned down and brushed a kiss to her temple. "Pet, this is my house and my bedroom. I wouldn't sleep anywhere else." William kissed her one final time on the temple and then walked out of the room. Before the door closed and locked he stuck his head around the door. "Sleep, Daisy."

She heard the door close and the bolt slide into place. Daisy waited for the fear and panic to assail her. She tested the rope. There was enough give for her to move but not enough for her to get away. She licked her lips, turned over onto her side and closed her eyes. Sleep couldn't come fast enough. Daisy rested her bound hands next to her head and fell asleep.

Chapter Two

William waited for the last of his customers to leave. Peter was seeing them out of the door as he sat at the bar waiting. The phone rested on the counter next to his brandy. He hadn't made the phone call or drunk his brandy. Peter walked back into the room twenty minutes later.

"I didn't see Daisy," Peter said.

"Don't worry about her. I'm dealing with her."

The younger man nodded his head. "She's falling apart, isn't she?"

He sighed. "Yes, she's falling apart. I don't think that girl has ever felt needed before in her life. I get the feeling she's been rejected at every possible turn. It is heart-breaking to see."

Peter nodded his head but didn't say anything.

"I've got to talk to Paul and David Steer. I'm not looking forward to that conversation."

"They're going through a rough patch at the moment," Peter said.

"I don't give a shit. Their marriage is their own issue. Daisy is still their sister. Half or otherwise. She has a right to know about her fathers and their life. I don't like this crap."

He grabbed the brandy and swallowed it down in one gulp.

"Her mother is a bitch. I mean of the highest order. The little I know about Daisy is the fact her dates have taken her out on one date, but once they met the mother, that was it. Nothing."

"This woman sounds seriously messed up." William put the glass back on the counter.

"She is messed up. A bitter old woman is a better description."

"And let me guess, Daisy ends up taking a lot of the blame for all the wrong in her mother's life."

"Pretty much," Peter said.

"Figures." William stared at the phone. The anger inside him was the only thing stopping him from calling the Steer brothers. He wanted to give them all a f**king hiding.

You've got feelings for Daisy. You want to protect her.

Shut up, you sick f**k. She's twenty-five years old.

"I wanted to apologise for what happened earlier, William. I'm not used to dealing with this stuff every day."

"I understand. You're used to watching Laura being hopelessly in love with her husband and realising you can never have her, right?" William said.

Peter stared at the floor. "I care about Laura."

"You're not kidding anyone. You're in love with Laura, and it hurts you constantly to know she'll never love you the same way." William reached out and tapped the younger man on the shoulder. "I can't give you any advice on this. I'm not perfect, and there is no cure for love, my friend."

"My friends are either married or leaving Cape Falls. I've tried to leave. I've packed a bag and tried to move on. I can't seem to leave this town. Yes, I love Laura. I ruined any chance I had, but I can't leave her, just in case. This is the next best thing," Peter said. His eyes were wet as he fought the tears. William knew how hard it was to cry. He hadn't cried since he was a boy.

Crying was the last thing he wanted to do.

"I'm not a psychic or a therapist. I have no cure or advice to give you, Peter. You've got the makings of being a good Dom. I like you, and I know submissives will flourish under your care when you're ready. Sometimes, we can't move on until we're sure of what is going to happen. You'll be fine, Peter. Just allow your heart to accept love when you find it. Don't hold out for Laura. She's happy."

Peter nodded his head. "Thank you. I needed to hear that. I'm going to go to bed. I'll see you in the morning." Peter turned to leave. He stopped at the end of the bar. "Paul and David will be waiting tomorrow. Why don't you get some sleep and then talk to them? It might be best for you all if you've got some sleep."

William laughed, raised his empty glass in salute. He watched Peter leave and heard the doors closing. Putting the glass down on the counter, he stared at the phone. All he'd get now was a lot of anger. Paul and David were under a lot of pressure. Anna was not in a good position either. Shaking his head, he put the phone and glass away then made his way back to his own side of the house. He loved getting straight into his work, and living within the club had its benefits.

He locked the connecting door to his home and made his way into his own kitchen. William flicked the kettle on and filled a mug with some herbal tea. He enjoyed the sweet taste of the fruity herbal mixture before bed. Once he made his drink, he walked up the stairs to where he'd locked Daisy inside his room. He pulled on the lock and entered the room. She lay on his bed. Not a sound was coming from her. He put the tea down on the floor next to the bed and stared at her.

If she woke up now she'd scream the place down. An older man looking down at her while she slept did not help matters. William grabbed a chair from the corner of the bedroom and placed it next to the bed. The sweat pants and long shirt hadn't done what he wanted. He'd chosen the biggest clothes he owned to try to hide her generous curves and luscious body. While she slept, the shirt had ridden up over her stomach to below her br**sts, and the pants had ridden down low on her hips. He didn't see anything other than the temptation they offered for him to remove them.

Wait until she's able, William. She drank a shit-load of alcohol. Give her time.

He picked up his cup and watched her sleep as he did. She looked peaceful and calm. Her lips were open as she took in breaths. Her hands were laid on the pillow in front of her. His instincts had been right on the mark. She'd needed to feel tied to someone. He'd seen it in her eyes. Her life had been filled with the rejection that she expected it at every turn. The rope offered her more than being bound. It offered her the comfort of knowing she couldn't go anywhere. It was strange how certain BDSM or kink methods could help certain individuals.

William finished his drink then stripped off his clothing. He usually slept nude, but this time he settled on a pair of sweat pants. His c**k was thick, and he ignored the need within him for release. He settled behind her and reached over to release the rope. It was useful for while he wasn't in the room. William was here now, and the rope was useless. He'd hold her while she slept.

Daisy did not stir as he untied the rope. She snuggled closer to him after he threw the length away from him. He wrapped his arms around her and secured her next to him. Her sigh undid him. She'd been without so much in her short life that he wanted to give her something in return.

She turned over to face him. Her face looked so relaxed in sleep. He would take care of her if it was the last thing he did.

He closed his eyes and allowed sleep to claim him.

****

Daisy woke to the sunshine pouring through the bedroom window. The scent of coffee wafted through the bedroom. She opened her eyes, stretched and tried to fight through the hammering pain inside her head. She felt like several little men were hacking at her brain.

Turning over, she sat up, and the events of the previous night swept over her. Her ass stung from the slaps of William's hand. She stared at her hands where he'd tied them to the bed. There were no marks on her flesh.

She was in William's house and his bed. The sweat pants she wore covered every part of her body. A note lay on the chair next to her. She picked it up and began reading.

"The bathroom is in the next room, and I'll see you in the kitchen. Don't forget to comb your hair. W xxx"

Daisy smiled and went in search of the bathroom. She flushed the toilet and gazed in the mirror. Her hair looked like it had a mind of its own. She drank whisky, and from the look of her hair, the alcohol had gone straight to her head.

She filled the sink with water, washed her face and then her hair. Daisy dried her hair before running a comb through it. She hated her red hair. In school she'd been referred to as "Ginger", and she'd hated the name and the title. Her mother had the same coloured hair. Just thinking of her mother made her want to vomit. That woman had never shown any ounce of compassion. When Daisy had run home crying about being bullied, her mother had laughed at her and told her to grow up. Over the years, Daisy had refused to go to her mother with any more worries. She'd lost friends because of her own attitude, and one day she'd looked in the mirror, not long after Anna's birthday and seen she was turning into her.

The thought of ending up like her mother scared her.

She made her way down to the kitchen. William sat at the table reading the paper while sipping his coffee. The moment she walked in he put the paper down and stared at her. He wasn't wearing a shirt. "I'm sorry," she said.

"What are you sorry for, pet?" he asked.

He'd called her "pet" last night. Did he think she was some kind of dog? Was it a subtle way of insulting her?

"For the way I acted last night."

"Ah, sit down," he said. He got up and pulled a chair out next to him. She took the seat he offered, extremely conscious of his na**d body at her back.

"I never drink that much."

"I beg to differ. I've seen you drink a fair amount in the last few months." She heard him move around the kitchen. He placed a cup of water and two aspirins next to her. "Take them. It will help with the pain."

He walked off and then came back with a coffee and a plate of pancakes. "These will also help you."

William placed the pancakes in front of her. There were four in the pile, and he poured syrup all over them. "Trust me, they're good." He took the seat next to her licking his fingers. She took the aspirin and then picked up her fork.

Daisy couldn't stop staring at his chest. She hadn't seen him na**d before, and the guy looked like a god. He didn't have any chest hair, and he was smooth to the touch. She wondered if he had his body waxed like she'd seen on a documentary.

"No, I don't," he said.

She stared up at him. His gaze was on the paper. "What?" she asked.

"I don't wax. I've never had the problem of body hair. Some men have a problem with that. I don't."

"How did you know what I was thinking?" she asked.

"You're an open book, Daisy. I know what you're thinking from little signs you give away."

She cut off another piece of pancake and put it in her mouth. What else did he know?

"I know a great deal. I know you enjoyed your punishment last night and you're confused about how you feel. I also know that you don't know why I call you pet. I've not got the best BDSM club around for my good looks, honey. I know what I'm doing."

"You do background checks, and you know people."

"I also have a great tool called observation and a knack for knowing a submissive when I see one." He put the paper down and gave her all of his attention. "And you, sweet Daisy, are a submissive."

Daisy put the fork down. Her appetite was gone. "I think I need to get home. I've got work in an hour."

"I called in for you. I let them know you're too sick to work today and will be resting."

"What?" she asked.

"They were more than happy to oblige, Daisy."

"They can fire me, William. That is the only job I'm good at," she said.

"No, you're not, Daisy. You're an intelligent young woman. You could easily have gone to college. Why didn't you?"

He was bombarding her with too many questions. She stared at the table, at the food, and tried to think past the panic. William leaned over and caught her hand inside his. "Look at me, Daisy."

She gazed up into his eyes.

"I've got you. I'm not letting you go."

All her life she'd been in control. Why was she struggling to keep herself in check?

"That is for you to find out, Daisy. I'm here, and I need you to talk to me. Do you remember last night? You said we could talk. You agreed to it."

"I know." Her hands were caught in his. She gave a tug on her hands, but he didn't let go. Daisy took a breath and began to answer his questions. "My mother refused to sign the forms I needed and offer support. I couldn't go to college when she took that away. A woman doesn't need college. That's what she'd told me in a lot more words."

She heard him curse. "I hate this town."

"I'm sorry," she said.

He pulled her off her seat and into his lap. William cupped her face forcing her to look at him. "I hate this town, Daisy. I never said I hated you. You're not the reason I hate this town."

Tears shone in her eyes. "Why does my world feel like it is spinning out of control and settles down when I'm around you?" she asked.

"Because you know I can give you what you want."

"Dominance?"

"Not just dominance, pet. I can give you control."

"By taking my own control away?"

"No, there is so much more to it than that. You have so much more to give me than that, and you'll gain more."

She bit her lip and looked down at her hands. He'd let them go as his hands were around her back. "I'm tired of feeling this way, William," she said.

"Then ask me for what you want, Daisy. I can't give you anything without you asking."

Daisy couldn't form the words. She wanted to, more than anything. "I'm a virgin," she said instead.

"I figured that out myself." He smiled at her, stroking her cheek.

"Don't you think I'm a freak?"

"Why would I think that?"

"Because I'm twenty-five and a virgin."

"No, I don't think you're a freak. I think you've been the victim of your mother's nastiness, and that has kept you intact all this time. She's turned your whole world upside down, and you have no idea where to land, pet."

Tears were streaming down her face. William was so much older than she, and yet their few meetings together had meant the world to her. He'd been the only person to stick around. She'd said some nasty shit throughout her life. The insinuation she'd made at Anna's birthday party made her feel sick. She needed to talk to someone.

"I made out that I wanted to f**k David and Paul at their wife's birthday party a couple of years back." Saying the words made her feel sick. The tears fell from her eyes faster and harder.

"Do you want to f**k David and Paul?" he asked.

She shook her head.

"Did you want to f**k them back then, before you knew they were your brothers?" he asked.

She thought about the question. The party had been hard for her. Her mother had been bitching and moaning about the Steer brothers and Anna being a whore. She'd been angry and had had a lot to drink. For once she wanted to do something, and she'd said what she'd said. There had never been any attraction inside her. David and Paul Steer were not what she'd wanted. For once, she'd wanted to be loved by her mother. If she treated people the way her mother did, then maybe her mother would approve and give her some sign that she cared. Nothing had come from it. More people hated her because of her behaviour.

"No, I never wanted them. I wanted my mother to like me. She's never liked me. No one likes me." She felt like such a pity party. Daisy covered her face with her hands, hoping to disappear.

William held her close as she fell apart. The pain, the tears-it all hurt. Twenty-five years of pain was coming out of her. Just once, she wanted someone to love her. She wanted to be possessed, loved, and have someone desire her so badly they couldn't think past their need.

Chapter Three

William held her close and waited for the tears to subside. He'd never met a more desperate woman in need of some loving in all of his forty-five years. She'd been pushed aside for far too long. He didn't understand why. He'd seen her many times before she'd entered his club. She'd been in town, and he'd been able to spot her in the crowded market place. William recalled the glow of her hair before anything else he had witnessed. He'd seen her talking to a young child. The smile she gave that young boy had lit up her whole face. When the little boy had left her to go back to his mother, the cloud had dropped over her. He'd witnessed the light die within her.

Several times he'd seen it, and it hurt him as well. So many people had passed her or sneered at her in some way. He'd seen her mother as well. The nastiness had been clear to see on the older woman's face. William hadn't met her personally. He'd lived in the city where many people showed their characters clearly. A dark person was easier to spot. Daisy would uncover her face. He knew she was embarrassed by her display of emotion, and he hated it. Emotions were vital for him to see. He caught her hand and pulled it away from her face.

She fought him, but he refused to give up.

"Daisy, when you're with me, you'll show me everything you're feeling," he said.

"Why? So you can laugh at me? I can't do this. I need to go." She made to get off his lap. He refused and kept his grip firm around her. She wasn't leaving until he damned well wanted her to. Too many people had left her because of factors she couldn't control. He was going to show her what a real man did. A real man stayed to get what he wanted.

Do you want Daisy?

You damn well know I do.

"I would never laugh at you, Daisy. That is not the type of man I am." He stroked her hair and hoped he didn't voice any of his other emotions when it came to her. William couldn't believe how much he cared about her from the few meetings they had had.

"Why are you so nice to me?" she asked.

It was a good question, and one he didn't have the first clue on how to answer. "Because I know you need it. And underneath all of that attitude, I know you're a beautiful woman who cares very deeply about others. Even if you don't want to show it."

He stared into her gorgeous, expressive eyes and knew she needed him. "How do you feel when you're with me?"

She turned her head away. Her face was the colour of a plump strawberry. William knew she was embarrassed, but he wanted her to face the truth with him. She needed the truth and to finally be able to express her own emotions.

"I feel safe. I don't understand why. I don't know you."

"Sometimes we don't need to know anything about a person. We can feel everything instead."

She rubbed a hand over her face. William found it an adorable action. "Your food is getting cold," he said.

Daisy looked at him, her teeth biting down on her lip.

"Ask me."

"May I stay on your lap a little while longer?" she asked.

"Yes."

He leaned forward and pulled her plate of pancakes toward him. Once he scooped up enough for one bite he brought it to her lips to eat. "You may stay on my lap, but you need to eat something first."

"All right."

She opened her lips and took the food. William felt his c**k pulse to life as he watched her open her lips to take the food he offered. He wondered how she'd look opening her lips around his cock. The more time he spent with her, the more he wanted to f**k her. There was something going on between them that he didn't understand. He'd picked many submissive women over the years. None of them had ever had this effect on him. William was used to training them for other men to play with. He couldn't bring himself to have another man look at Daisy, let alone share her.

When all of her pancakes had been eaten, he settled back with her in his lap reading a very boring paper. Cape Falls was not exciting at all. William continued to stroke her hair. He knew he could easily get used to lavishing her with affection. For too long he'd been alone. Daisy made him want so much more. Gabriel and Amy flashed through his mind. They were a wonderful couple. Amy had yet to visit the club, but Gabriel had come to give him a firm handshake and good luck card.

"Will you train me?" she asked.

He froze, his hand in mid stroke on her hair. "What?"

"Never mind," she said.

"No." He pulled her up and got her to straddle his lap on the chair. His c**k was pressed against the sweat pants, and he felt the warm heat of her pu**y. But none of that mattered. "What did you say?"

"Last night, you spanked me, and that felt good. I felt safe and wanted. Then you tied me to your bed, and I felt the same. Would you be willing to take me on as your submissive? I think that is the right word. I'm not sure."

"Daisy, you have no idea what you're asking," he said. William had known she would ask. There was so much curiosity in her eyes. The way she'd responded to the punishment he'd given her had been a clear indication.

"You're right. I'm sorry. It was stupid of me to ask."

Then he saw the withdrawal within her. She thought this was another rejection. William didn't want to reject her. His dick was practically jumping for joy at the prospect of getting in her pants. Also, he knew he'd show her how a man treated a woman, no matter who her parent was.

He cupped her cheek and forced her to look at him. "This is who I am, Daisy. I will train you. You have to be sure of only one thing."

"What?" she asked.

"I'll be training you to be my woman. No one else's. If you go into this, you'll go into it knowing you'll be mine. Can you handle that?"

Her eyes had dilated, and the bloom in her cheeks changed to a deeper red. She was embarrassed and aroused. He liked the shade of her arousal.

She nodded her head.

"Sweetheart, I'm going to need you to do more than shake your head."

"Yes, I'll do anything you want, William."

He let out a sigh. William knew he needed to tread carefully. Daisy was in a rough place right now. She might simply be reaching for any guy who'd give her a shot. A guy she knew hadn't met her mother.

"I'll take you, Daisy. But I'll take you on my terms."

"What does that mean?" she asked.

"It means you'll be under my control and do everything I ask of you. I'm not an easy person, Daisy. I'll demand a lot from you."

"Yes, William, please, give me a chance."

He stared into her eyes. She needed to be shown how desirable she was. How much she had to give to a man. William usually made a sub strip down until she was butt-ass na**d and then start training her. He didn't want to do this with Daisy. She held something far more special inside her.

Gabriel and Amy flashed through his mind again. Having total control was what he wanted, but he also wanted a woman who could stand up to him.

"All right, Daisy. I'll make you mine. Before any of that, I'll get Peter to drop you off home."

"I thought-"

He held his hand up. "If we do this then we'll do it my way. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes."

"I want you to go home and get some rest. You're clearly exhausted. This is an order, Daisy. If you don't sleep I will know about it."

"Then what will happen?"

"You will see."

"But I have to go home?" she asked.

"Yes, you have to go home."

Her gaze went to her hands in front of her. William knew it was going to be hard for her. She was already on the edge. He didn't want her devoting her entire life to this. He recalled the first time he'd seen her in his club. She'd been in so much pain, and he'd seen the fire inside her. Over time that fire had begun to burn out. He didn't like seeing her so lost. William wanted her to be a fiery, confident woman and be willing to give all that up to be his submissive.

He knew he would be asking a lot. It was what Daisy deserved. His mobile phone began ringing. He picked it up without breaking eye contact with her.

"Hello," he said.

"Boss, your delivery is here, and the Steer brothers called. They want to talk."

"All right. Tell them I'll see them soon. Organise the delivery, and then I want you to escort Daisy home."

"Yes, sir."

William flipped the phone shut. "I'll be keeping that dress you wore last night. I want you to go and get showered. Peter will drive you home."

"When will I see you again?" she asked as she stood up.

He tilted her head back with a finger under her chin. "Soon." William dropped a kiss to her lips and left her alone.

After he'd locked the connecting door to the club he found Peter signing the forms for the delivery. "I'll take Daisy after I've seen him out."

"Good. You'll take extreme care of her." When the other man disappeared to get another portion of the delivery, William gave his young employee his full attention. "She's mine, do you understand? Nothing is to happen to her. You take her home and make sure she gets there."

"Yes, sir. She's yours. Does that mean she's your new submissive?" Peter asked.

"That is correct. I'm going to pay a visit to the Steer brothers. I want you to call me as soon as you're done."

William took his keys off the counter and then made his way out to the car. He had two brothers to deal with.

****

Daisy sat waiting for Peter to collect her. She'd had the shower that William had told her to have, and now she was waiting. There was plenty of coffee, and she had drunk most of the pot. Her hands were shaking. Her mind kept drifting to last night. The feel of William's palm on her ass had been amazing. Her mother had punished her over the years, a few slaps here and there, along with a few other punishments. Nothing had ever felt as right as last night had.

Was she sick for wanting more?

She rubbed her wrists where William had held her captive. Daisy closed her eyes picturing his cool control as he talked. His voice was hypnotic to her. She could easily listen to him all day, every day.

Her br**sts felt heavy as she imagined his touch all over her. His hands were large, and he'd easily be able to overpower her to get whatever he wanted. She took a deep breath when pleasure pulsed around her clit. No man had ever made her feel so wanton. She wanted everything he had to offer. Her face heated unbearably as she imagined everything he could do. She had the internet, but she'd always stopped herself from looking at too much erotic stuff. Even though she'd moved out of her mother's home, her mother still came round. She always felt like her mother knew what was happening, as if she had some kind of key into Daisy's perverted brain.

Daisy cringed at the thought of what her mother would think of William. His dominance could easily be seen by simply looking at him. It was one of the many things about him that drew her to him. Peter rounded a corner startling her from her thoughts. She screamed at his unexpected presence, which then made him scream. For a few moments neither of them did anything except scream.

Suddenly, they both burst out laughing. "I'm so sorry," she said.

"No, it is entirely my fault. I left you waiting, and I should have warned you I was coming. This place can get a little creepy at times," Peter said.

"Are you here to take me home?" she asked.

"Yes, I've got the car ready out front. William likes having an entrance 'round for the front for this part of his keep. Very few people know about it. He likes to keep his privacy private."

"I can understand that." She stood ready to leave.

"Don't you have anything to take with you?" he asked.

Daisy felt the blush rise in her cheeks. "Erm, no. William said he was keeping my dress."

"Understandable. It was rather revealing. Come on." He held his arm out. She put her arm through his, and together they walked out to the car. "Are you feeling any better since last night?"

She bit her lip as he opened her door. Daisy climbed inside then waited for him to get in the driver's seat. "Yes, I'm feeling a little better." Her ass ached where William had landed his hand. She wondered if it was still red or if there was no sign of his punishment.

"William is a really great guy," Peter said. "He'll be there for you. Gabriel is one of his best friends."

Gabriel was the town sheriff. Most people wanted to get rid of him, but he was a really great guy and took care of the whole town. Getting rid of him would not help the town in any way. Their annoyance with Gabriel was not as strong as their appreciation for everything he did. They might want to get rid of him, but as yet, it hadn't happened.

"He is nice," she said. There was nothing else she could say. "What made you work at his club?"

"I'm training to be a Dom."

"I thought you were in love. Erm, never mind." She glanced out of the window unable to complete her thought.

"Yes, I'm love with Laura. It is not a secret. Hell, Dean knows I love his wife. Laura knows I love her. The training and being at the club helps me to take my mind off my problems and to see past everything else. William is helping me to focus my energy into another perfection."

Daisy stared at him. He didn't look in pain as she had imagined he would.

"When you're not trying to be your mother, you're a lovely girl, Daisy," he said.

She stared down at her hands. He didn't need to tell her everything she already knew. People hated her because of her mother. She couldn't believe she'd tried to be like her simply to gain her favour.

"Hey, I meant that as a compliment."

"I f**ked up over the last few years."

"Yes, you have, but that is one good part of Cape Falls," Peter said.

"What? Being able to f**k up?"

"No, they'll never let you forget about it."

She chuckled. He was absolutely right. No one in Cape Falls allowed you to forget about the mistakes you'd made. Laura, Amy, and Anna were evidence of that. They were three women who'd been ostracised from the community.

He pulled out of the grounds and began travelling toward town. "The Steer brothers are hoping to change that," Peter said.

A sharp pain flashed through her chest. "I know. They're changing the town one step at a time."

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought it up."

"Why not? They're a big part of the town. I wonder if I should just leave Cape Falls. Leave it all behind and never look back."

"Why?" he asked.

"No one wants me. No one would miss me. I could start over and never have to worry about anything again."

"You're wrong with one part of that statement."

"Yeah, which part?" she asked.

"William would miss you. He likes you, Daisy. He wouldn't have taken you in last night if he hadn't."

She shook her head, denying it. He'd agreed to be her teacher in the ways of submission, but he'd not been jumping up and down with joy.

"You'll see," Peter said.

Daisy lay back, closed her eyes, and allowed her body to simply relax. It was all too much to think about all at once. William had come out of nowhere, and most days he was all she could think about.

Once again she thought about what it would be like to have all that maleness wrapped around her. To be at his mercy and his command. Her pu**y heated, her arousal soaking through to the sweat pants she wore. She clenched her thighs together hoping Peter wouldn't be able to scent her arousal.

Minutes passed, and he finally pulled up outside the small apartment she'd rented. "I used to live in this place," he said, staring up at the building.

"I know. I don't think the landlord could get anyone else to rent it for fear of your evil rubbing off."

"Whatever, it was a great place."

"Thank you for the ride."

"I've got to wait until you disappear. Do what William said. He has a knack for finding out if you're lying or not."

"Thank you."

"Take care, Daisy."

She nodded her head, got out of the car, and walked to the stairwell. Within seconds she was in her apartment. Daisy didn't change out of her clothes. She collapsed on her bed and closed her eyes.

William's order washed over her. He'd ordered her to sleep and rest. She wanted to make him proud.

Chapter Four

William pulled up outside of David and Paul Steer's house. It was a large place that looked more like a mansion. He couldn't complain. Control was very similar in size and expense. Gabriel's and Dean's cars were in the driveway. He followed the path round to the back of the house. Paul was yelling into the phone. Dean, Gabriel, and David were sitting around a table sipping some orange juice.

His friend Gabriel stood when he came into view. "It has been too long since I saw you. How have you been?"

"I've been good. How are Amy and the kids?"

"They're doing good."

William settled down into his seat and asked Dean about his wife and young child.

"They're doing fine. Laura is exhausted and doesn't want to hire a nanny. Peter is too busy to swing by to see her it would seem."

Peter had stopped babysitting for Laura when it became too painful for him to see the woman he loved happy with another man. William didn't say anything. He simply smiled.

"How is Anna?" he asked David, the younger Steer brother.

"Dealing. She's been a little out of it these last six months. Finding out about Daisy has knocked her for six. It has all of us. Paul's just trying to figure out what is stopping your deliveries. He got wind of it, and it appears there is some petitioning going on at the town hall," David said.

William sat back and waited for them to ask him a question. None of them said a thing. Paul cursed and slammed the phone down onto the gravelled path before walking over to the table.

"I can't get them to stop that damn petition. Apparently, the trucks cause pollution or some shit. They're not allowing certain types of trucks through the town. The company you use apparently," Paul said. He sat down taking a large gulp of fresh orange.

"I can't help either. The sheriff's department cannot stop the legal side on a pollution case. The greener environment is all the rage right now."

William allowed the men to talk over him, his own anger increasing at the complete lack of interest in their own sister. He could forgive Gabriel and Dean, but the Steer brothers should care.

"Do you know what makes me sick?" William asked, looking at the people around his table. "What makes me sick is the fact you two care more about a club you never visit, a club you don't own, instead of asking me how your sister has been."

"She's not our sister," Paul said. William saw the other man grinding his teeth, but he didn't give a shit.

"I beg to differ, friend. I believe the DNA test you demanded Daisy take, provided all the information you needed."

"Don't say her name here. She's f**ked up so much in our lives already," David said.

Gabriel put a hand on his arm.

"You two pieces of shit," William said. He had a lot of years on the two men in front of him. "So Daisy, a twenty-five year old woman is responsible for one, if not all, of your fathers going to her mother, f**king her, and leaving a baby behind. The last time I checked a science journal it never said a woman could produce se**n. If my science is correct-and forgive me, it has been years since I was in school-to make a baby, it needs an egg, provided by a woman, and then sperm, provided by a guy." William knew the sarcasm in his voice wouldn't be lost on anyone. "Daisy had f**k all to do with your parents' infidelity. She is innocent in all of this."

"She's a first-class bitch," Paul said.

"She doesn't know any better. For her whole life she'd been living with that first-class bitch she calls a mother. You don't have to like what your parents did, but put the blame where it f**king deserves."

"This is none of your concern, William," Paul said.

Anna walked out, followed by Laura and Amy. They were all silent as the women approached. Anne was carrying a tray of fruit, which rested against her hip. "I thought you'd like refreshments," she said.

Laura sat down next to her husband, and Amy took the seat next to Gabriel.

"I heard you yelling. Please, continue," Anna said.

"Baby, we don't need to talk about it," David said.

"That can only mean you were talking about Daisy. How is she?"

William noticed her question was directed at her two husbands. At least Paul and David had the grace to look ashamed.

"You're going to continue blaming her for everything?" Anna asked.

"Everything would have been fine if she hadn't come out."

Tears were rolling down from Anna's eyes. "I know she can be a pain, but this is horrid. I want no part in it."

She turned and walked back to the house. David and Paul went to get up to follow her. Anna turned at the last minute. "Don't follow me. I don't want to talk to either of you."

They both sat down shooting glares at William. "You shouldn't be butting your nose where it doesn't belong."

"When a young woman comes into my club and begins to drink herself into oblivion, it becomes my problem. Daisy is hurting. I don't want you anywhere near my club until you sort something out with her."

William stood and walked away. He was at his car when he saw Gabriel's reflection in his car window. "Why are you following me?"

"It is not like you to take an interest in someone like Daisy," Gabriel said.

He let out a sigh and turned to his only real friend. "Do I need to contend with you being mean about her as well?"

Gabriel shook his head. "I've never said more than two words to her. I don't know her enough to ruin our friendship."

"Good, keep it that way."

"You're taking her at the club, aren't you?"

William closed his eyes, counted to ten, and then turned back to his friend. "She needs my help. Daisy came to me, and I'm not going to let her go because of people disliking her."

"I'm not trying to say that, William. I knew there was something going on between the two of you the moment you began to defend her."

William flicked the badge of his keys between his fingers. Images of Daisy over his knee entered his mind and went straight to his cock. He wanted to sink into her warm heat. William wanted to hear her scream out her pleasure. What would his name sound like coming from her lips?

"No woman has ever gotten to you this way."

"She's not just any woman."

"I know, William. She's younger than you."

"So is Amy for you, but that didn't stop you."

"I'm here if you need me."

William nodded his head at his friend's offer. "I don't know if anything will come of my time with her. She needs something, and I'm more than happy to give it to her.

"I'll see you around," Gabriel said, then turned back and began walking the way he'd come.

William got in his car and drove back to the club. Peter was already back cleaning glasses. William took a seat at the bar wondering what life was going to be like. At forty-five he was already beginning to feel his years. Daisy was young and vibrant. He knew he could bring out the best inside her.

Peter put a cup of coffee in front of him. "How did it go?" he asked.

"The same as always. David and Paul are blaming Daisy for all the wrong in their lives instead of getting past it."

"I saw that she got home safely. She's living in my old apartment. It is a good little place." Peter smiled.

"Dean and Laura were there," William said. The smile on Peter's face vanished.

"How are they?" he asked.

William knew he should tell Peter the truth, but he couldn't do it. It was hard enough seeing Peter's pain on a daily basis. The poor guy needed to move on.

"They're happy."

"Good, I'm glad."

Silence surrounded them. William drank his coffee while Peter cleaned his glasses.

"I was wondering if you'd considered employing more people to work here," Peter asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, Gabriel mentioned at some point you had a club back in the city. A well respected and busy club. Do you think if we got some of your old employees back, we'd bring more business over here?"

William thought about it. He'd been considering using some of his old contacts to try to bring more people into his club. "It might be something I consider," William said. "I'm going to go and look up a few friends and check out some of my contacts. Can I leave you alone for a few hours?"

"Sure, I'm going to get the bar ready, and then go and do some target practice on the coiled whip."

William shook his head, laughing. "Target practice?"

"Yeah, I've got to be able to hit my target without damaging the surface. I'd never want to scar a woman, William."

William tapped Peter on the back and started back to his office. In all of his years of training to become a Dom, he'd never thought of target practise as a description.

****

Daisy was exhausted, but a loud banging sound was interrupting her sweet and pleasant dreams. She moaned, not wanting to leave the warmth William had created inside her. When she opened her eyes and saw she was back inside her own apartment, she groaned. Dreams were a pleasure and a curse.

Would William ever consider binding her to a post and then f**king her from behind? Where were all these fantasies coming from?

"I'm coming, I'm coming," she said.

She stood up and moved down the hall toward the door. There was no security peep hole, so she had to open the door in order to see who was knocking. Her mother, Tracy McAllister, stood on the opposite side. Daisy stared at her mother. Her heart pounded as she saw the grim line of her mouth, which was always in the same bitter line it was currently sporting. She looked into her mother's green eyes, and there was all the nastiness she needed to see.

"What do you want?" Daisy asked. She felt ten years old with her mother standing glowering at her.

"Your temper tantrum has gone on long enough. Are you going to invite me inside, or will you be as rude as some people are in this town?" Tracy asked.

Daisy didn't want her inside her house. Seeing no other alternative, she moved aside and let her mother enter.

Tracy didn't wait for her. She moved through to the main apartment. "This place is a tip. How can you live in a pig-sty?" Her mother stared up and down at her. "There is my answer. You've stopped the diet already? Wow, you'll be the size of an elephant in no time."

She hadn't been able to say anything else. Daisy moved toward her small kitchen. The tears filled her eyes as she filled the kettle. Like so many times before, she forced them down as she listened to her mother curse and begin rearranging her living space.

"Why are you here?" Daisy asked when she could no longer bear it.

"What, a mother cannot come and see her daughter?" Tracy asked. She was perched on the end of the small sofa that had been left behind by Peter.

"You've never cared about me, Mom. Why are you trying now?"

"I've heard you've been to that horrid club we're trying to get shut down."

"Control?" Daisy asked.

"Yes, I can not accept you going to such a disgusting place. Have you heard what the owner is? He's a pervert of the highest order. I want you back home where I can make sure you're not in any trouble."

Daisy ignored her mother. She stared out of the window and saw the sun was beginning to set. "What time is it?" she asked.

"Who cares what time it is? Start packing your things."

"No, I'm not going home."

"I will not let you live here."

"Mom, this is not your choice. Yes, I've been hanging out at Control. I like it there." Before Daisy could react her mother slapped her on the face. The palm on her cheek hurt.

"How dare you behave like a slut, ruining our good name?"

Tears spilled down her cheeks. The pain in her cheek was nothing compared to the anger she felt at her mother's words. "I'm the slut? I'm not the one who has a daughter by a married man. My father, one of the other generation of Steer men, slept with you while they were married. I'm not the slut. You are."

Tracy raised her hand to strike her again. Daisy didn't have time to react. William had caught her mother's hand before Tracy could do anything else.

"Let go of me, you brute."

"I'm a brute? I've never struck a young woman with the intention of hurting her, Miss McAllister."

"You're that pervert who owns that club."

"I'm the guy who owns the club. I'm also the guy who owns your daughter. If I see a bruise on her caused by you, you'll be sorry."

"You can't do anything to me, Mr. Pervert. No one in Cape Falls will believe you." Her mom sneered.

Daisy had never felt so ashamed in all of her life."It is a good thing I'm from the city, Miss McAllister. We do things differently there. I might also warn you that Gabriel is of the same ilk as I, and he does not like seeing women abused, especially by a parent. Get out."

Her mother looked at her and then walked out. Daisy couldn't stop her body shaking. The door to her apartment slammed closed, and she pressed a hand to her cheek.

William cursed then moved her hand away. "She got a hit in before I got here?" he asked.

"Yes, not a bad one."

He tilted her head back to the light. His thumb caressed the flesh of her face, turning her this way and that way. "I don't like it. I wish I could show her what real fear was."

"I'm fine."

"I don't like women who take advantage of their position. She took advantage as a parent. I don't like it, Daisy."

She nodded her head and stared down at the floor."Has she hit you like that before?"

"Yes."

"I wish I'd gotten here sooner."

"She's my mother. My baggage."

"And you promised to be mine, Daisy. I'm the one in control."

Daisy smiled then went to take a seat on the sofa where her mother had perched.

"What?" he asked.

"Nothing," she said.

"Tell me. You promised to give me everything. I want to know what you're thinking."

She took a breath turning toward him. "I'm waiting for you to run out. A lot of guys couldn't stomach my mother. They hated being with me after they'd seen her. She's not a great person to be around before a date."

"No, she can kill the mood. It is a good job that I'm not a little boy. I'm a man," he said.

"What does that mean?" she asked.

William's gaze penetrated her to her very soul. She couldn't look away as he captured her whole attention. "Come here," he said.

She moved closer, and he placed a hand on her leg and got her to straddle his lap like she had that morning.

"Do you feel that?" he asked, pressing up against her mound.

"Yes." His thick erection pressed to her covered pu**y. She moaned as his hands went to her ass.

"That woman will never affect my need for you," he said.

"You need me?"

"Always."

She stared down into his eyes. "You want me?"

He chuckled. "Is that so hard to think about?"

"I just thought you didn't seem happy about training me when I asked. I didn't think you wanted me."

"Daisy, if I didn't want you then I wouldn't have agreed. I also wouldn't have allowed you to be tied to my bed. Make no mistake in my actions, woman. I want you."

She smiled feeling better already.

"Have you ever seen a man naked?" he asked.

Daisy shook her head. "On a few movies, but no, I've never seen a guy naked."

"I know this is embarrassing, but I need to know. Do you mind me asking you a few questions?"

"I don't mind."

He settled down with her still on his lap.

"Have you ever been na**d with a man?"

"No, I told you that."

"Ah, you told me you'd never seen a man naked. This was a different question." She closed her eyes when his hands curled around and underneath the shirt she was wearing.

"The answer is still no."

"Do you want me, Daisy?" he asked.Her eyes opened as she stared down at him. She wanted him so badly. Daisy knew it was one of the reasons why she'd begun visiting the club in the first place. William intrigued her more than anyone else in her whole life. He was a muscular man, and he was also private. She'd seen the way he'd brushed off all the sneers and comments as he walked through the town square. William did not concern himself with the snide comments from the residents of Cape Falls.

"Yes, I want you."

"What about my age, pet? Does my age bother you?"

She shook her head. "I like the fact you're older." Daisy saw the small flash of insecurity in his eyes. These questions were for him as much as they were for her.

"Have you ever had an orgasm?" he asked.

"No."

"Do you want one?"

"Yes."

He smiled, and her whole body turned to mush. She'd never seen anything as powerful as the charismatic smile he gave her. Daisy knew she was gone. She would spend the rest of her life trying to earn that smile.

Chapter Five

Did she have any idea how sexy she looked as she straddled his lap? He saw the wetness of her arousal through the fabric of the sweat-pants she wore. Her scent permeated the air between them. She smelled like warm honey, sweet and succulent. He wanted a taste of her. William knew he should take it slow, but he wanted to be the first man to give her an orgasm. Every woman should know what it feels like to reach a cl**ax.

He cupped her ass and pressed his c**k against her warm pu**y. How long had it been since he'd last sunk inside a nice, tight cunt? It had to be two years, possibly more since he'd felt any real need to let go.

His celibacy was about to be broken by a red haired woman with a vulnerability that was in total contrast to the colour of her hair.

"This is not part of your training, Daisy. I want you to feel what this is like. I'll begin your training later," he said.

She nodded her head. No words came out of her. He fingered the shirt she was wearing. William felt great satisfaction in knowing she'd slept in the clothes he'd given her. The same clothes he'd worn before. Did his scent appeal to her?

He wanted to see her naked, but this was for her.

"May I remove your shirt?" he asked.

Daisy didn't move. She stared down at him. Her doubts were clearly written in the sombre expression on her face.

"If you don't want me to remove your clothes today, I can work around that. Be warned, Daisy, there will come a time where I need you na**d for me."

"Does that have to be today?" she asked.

He shook his head. The dominant inside him wanted to tear down her fears and take over. For tonight, he put his demon side to rest. She needed time to get used to him. This was for her. He was not training her. When the time came, he'd have her na**d and ready for him.

William laid her down on the sofa. He followed her down so the back was to him and she lay in one of his arms.

He gazed down at her plump lips. They looked so tempting and enjoyable. He felt ravenous for a taste of her.

"I'm going to kiss you," he said. He ran a finger over her lips watching her eyes dilate and her tongue peek out to lick him. "You're too tempting to resist." William leaned down and brushed his lips against hers. The touch was gentle to start off with. He needed to remember that she was still a virgin. Frightening her would not help matters. He wanted her to feel everything she could have with him.

He was not some horny teenage boy. William was a man who knew how to use his cock.

"Open for me, pet. Let me taste you," he said.

She parted her lips, and he ran his tongue over those plump lines. Their breaths combined as she lay supple beneath him. He chuckled when he realised she didn't have a clue what to do.

"Pet, have you ever been kissed?" he asked, pulling away to gaze down at her.

"I've been pecked on the cheek," she said.

"Not a peck, I'm talking about a kiss. A kiss so passionate it feels like you're both f**king with your mouths alone."

"Fucking?"

"Yes, it is wet, hard, and so beautiful. Good sex, good f**king, is messy and passionate and worth every bit of pain." Her breathing deepened. He followed the line of her throat and saw her ni**les were hard and budding against his shirt. Lucky shirt.

"No, I've never been kissed like that before."

"Do you want me to show you how good it can be?"

She nodded her head.

"Lick your lips and get them nice and wet for me."

He waited as her tongue ran over her lips. She really had no idea how sensual her innocent action could be. His c**k was leaking his cum inside the jeans he wore. He knew he would have to find release the moment he got back to the club. If he didn't then all of his good intentions would go out of the window.

"Open them partially for me. When I lean down and run my tongue against your lips, I want you to run your own tongue with mine, and then open up to receive me into your mouth."

William leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. He ran his tongue over her lips and felt her own follow him. They touched, his persistent and hers hesitant. He pushed inside her mouth, feeling her moan as he took it within his own.

If innocence had a taste then Daisy was it. She followed his lead, doing everything he asked as he showed her how amazing a kiss could be. Her pelvis thrust up in the open air as he ran a hand down her neck to cup a firm breast.

He thumbed the tip and moved down to her belly, pushing against the navel and down to palm her aching pu**y. The wetness coated her sweat pants. Feeling her need went straight to his head. She was responsive, and he knew he needed to gain control. Instead, he pushed his hand inside her sweat pants and covered her bare pu**y with his palm.

Her cries echoed in the room. William pulled away to stare into her eyes.

"You're so f**king wet for me, pet. You're horny, aren't you?"

She nodded her head. Her eyes were wide as he ran a finger through her dripping slit. He felt the small amount of pubic hair and couldn't wait to get a good look at her. William didn't mind when a woman went bare around her pu**y, but he preferred a woman to look like a woman. Bare was not everything to him. Providing she kept her bush neat and tidy, he didn't complain.

He wanted to see her cunt wrapped around his cock. There was nothing better in the world to him than watching a c**k disappear inside a pu**y.

"How does it feel having my fingers against you?" he asked.

"Strange."

He chuckled and ran his finger up to her swollen clit. "How about now?"

She screamed as he circled the bud. Her legs tightened around his hand, stopping him from moving.

"Open your legs now, pet."

She shook her head.

"If you don't move your legs then I will not let you come for a week after this time. When you experience your release, you'll be unable to let it go."

Her legs opened slowly, and his touch became unobstructed by the pressure of her legs. "Good girl."

William ran a finger through her slit, wishing he could see her pu**y. He wanted to see her creamy slit as he fingered her. There was something primal about watching your hand slide through a pu**y.

"I can't wait to f**k you, Daisy. Your cunt is so damn wet, you'll be begging for my cock."

Heat bloomed in her cheeks.

"Do you want me to stop talking?" he asked. He wouldn't stop. Sex was natural, and he wanted her to experience it all.

"No, I like you talking."

"Do you want me to tell you how hot I thought you were when you went over my knee and accepted your punishment?"

She nodded her head. Her gaze was on his face at all times. He teased her cl*t and remembered the previous night when he had taken her over his knee.

"It started from the way you looked at me. You were hesitant and excited. You know I wouldn't hurt you to the point you were scared. I'd never hurt you, Daisy. You have my word. Then you walked over and went over my knees. The feel of your rounded tummy across me was amazing." William pushed his hand up under her shirt to touch her stomach. She quivered from his touch. His c**k pounded against the fabric of his pants. Shit! He wanted her so badly. He felt it as clear as if it was a taste in his mouth.

Daisy was like a piece of candy, and he wanted to gobble her up.

"Your ass was up in the air. Full and delightful. I knew you could take your punishment. You were squirming on my lap, Daisy. I was so hard thinking about sinking my c**k inside you."

"You wanted me?"

"Hell, yes. I want you, Daisy. One day soon, I'll show you how much."

He fingered her pu**y, going from her cl*t down to the entrance of her wet cunt. William knew she was a virgin, and when he took her, he didn't want her virginity to be in the way. He pulled his hand away and tore off her sweat pants. Her legs fell wide open.

William stared at her creamy slit and knew he was in heaven. She was all woman, and her cum was leaking out of her. Shit! His c**k began leaking copious amounts of his own release.

Focus, William, focus. This is about her.

He pushed his thoughts to the back of his mind. "You're so beautiful," he said, pressing a finger through her slit. His c**k thickened seeing his tanned finger against the swollen redness of her cunt.

"I'm going to put a finger inside you, Daisy. I need to know if you want to save your virginity for someone else," he said. He hoped to God she didn't.

"No, I don't want to save it, William. Please, take me."

"Are you sure?" He wouldn't be able to handle her regret.

"I promise. I'll put it in writing if you want."

He chuckled. "That won't be necessary."

Staring down into her smiling face William couldn't stop himself. He leaned over her body and kissed her lips. She looked so vulnerable staring at him. He knew he was in dangerous territory. Daisy affected him greatly. He was unable to resist her. Did she have any idea how important she was to him?

He doubted it. She'd spent most of her life in fear.

"I'm going to take your virginity, pet. When I f**k you, which will be soon, I don't want you to be in any kind of pain that I can't control."

"Will it hurt?"

"I don't know. I've never taken a virgin before. I'm here, Daisy. If it is too much tell me to stop."

"I thought I had to use a safe word or something."

"At the moment I'm not your Dom. I'm William, and you're Daisy."

Her smile lit the whole room. He was sure of it. "I like that," she said.

William moved away from her. He ran his fingers through her heat, coating his fingers in her own lubrication. She was dripping wet, and he didn't need to worry about her being wet enough.

With his free hand, he caught one of hers in his. "I'm going to put one finger inside you. When it gets too tight I want you to squeeze my hand. Remember to say stop if it is too much."

She nodded her head. Her fingers squeezed around his. William hesitated for a split second. He wanted to stare into her eyes and watch as he claimed her as his. The feelings currently stirring inside him were foreign to him. He wasn't used to feeling so connected to another person.

William pushed a finger inside her, first looking from their point of connection-his finger-then to her eyes.

"You can watch if you want, William. I don't mind," she said with a purr to her voice.

"You're going to be a little wild-cat, aren't you?"

"I've been a virgin for twenty-five years. I want to be desired. Please, William, show me what real pleasure is like."

Again, he couldn't deny her. She was misunderstood, and he hated that. She deserved everything. He returned his attention to her pu**y. The tip of his fingers was inside. He pushed a bit further and felt her barrier. It was strange. She gave a small wince but didn't say anything else.

"I'm adding a second finger."

He pushed a second finger until it was pressed against her innocence. The possessive feeling inside him rose to immeasurable heights. He was about to take Daisy's virginity, and then she would be his in almost every sense of the word. William knew there was no way he'd let her go. Daisy would be his woman, to love, to dominate, and to control.

"Take it," she whispered.

William squeezed her hand and pushed his two fingers inside her all the way to the hilt. He felt her give as he made her his. It was a pinnacle moment within his life. One he'd never forget. Daisy didn't pull away. She pushed up against him. The slight pain he saw appeared to make her hornier. Her ni**les were tight, and her pu**y constricted around him, her moist cunt growing wetter by the second.

"That was amazing," she said. Her voice was light as if she'd already achieved release. Gabriel pulled his fingers out of her pu**y. There was a small amount of blood. He wiped his fingers on the sweat pants, then leaned over and kissed her.

"You gave me a wonderful gift," he said. "I'll treasure it always."

"Will you show me what comes next?" she asked. There was a sparkle in her eyes he'd never seen before.

He wanted to see it more.

"Does my little minx want to come?" he asked.

"Yes, please."

William was more than happy to oblige. He pressed two fingers inside her pu**y as he thumbed her swollen clit. She pressed up to meet his fingers. Her purrs turned into screams as he brought her to cl**ax within seconds.

She looked so wonderfully open. He knew he was lost forever. William would spend the rest of his life between her thighs to see that look in her eye.

"That was the best experience of my life," she said.

He chuckled, petting her pu**y as she came down from her high. "Come to the club tomorrow night. Wear a skirt and blouse, and make sure to bring a change of clothing. Then I'll show you what true heaven is all about."

Chapter Six

Daisy sat at the bar watching Peter serve several people drinks. She didn't notice many faces from Cape Falls. Some of the customers were obviously from the surrounding areas and cities. She knew William had a sound reputation, and seeing the clientele, it was more than clear how good he was.

"William will be out in a moment to collect you. He's dealing with some pressing matters at the moment," Peter said.

"Thank you."

"He's also warned me that you're on fizzy drinks until further notice. That bottle of whisky you wasted was very expensive." Peter chuckled as he handed her a drink.

"Thank you. I don't want to know what the cost of that bottle was, do I?" she asked.

"If I know William, it has a value far greater than those around us," a British guy said as he took the seat next to her.

Peter stared at him, and Daisy turned her attention to the guy next to her."Who are you?" Peter asked.

"I'm an old friend of William's. I used to know him when he owned the club in the city before he moved here. He hasn't spoken of me?" the British guy asked.

"Nope."

"Then let me introduce myself. I'm Edward Banner." He held his hand out to Peter and then to her.

"I'm Peter Miller, and this is Daisy McAllister."

She shook Edward's hand. Movement over his shoulder caught her attention. William was standing, shaking hands with David and Paul Steer.

"Ah, the man of the hour," Edward said.

Daisy watched in horror as her two half brothers looked at her. She turned her attention to the drink in front of her. This was more humiliating than she ever imagined. It was awful. She was the evidence that one of their fathers committed adultery on their mother. Could her life get any worse?

"You know it wasn't your fault, right? Peter said.

"What?"

"You're not responsible for your parents' actions. They're being pricks about it. That is not your fault. William knows that."

"Edward Banner? My God, it has been a lifetime. How are you doing?" William walked over and embraced Edward in a firm hug.

"I've been doing well. I finally got kicked to the curb in England and decided to give the States a try. I heard about your club and couldn't believe it. This place, 'Control', is so much better. Though I've heard the town is a little more dubious than this club," Edward said.

William had a beaming smile on his face.

"I forgot all about you," William said.

"I'm a forgettable person."

Daisy watched the interaction wondering who Edward was. "Wait until Gabriel hears you're around."

Edward groaned. "I don't think he'll be happy. I still owe the guy ten quid, or is it bucks?"

She chuckled. William turned his attention to her. Her pu**y pulsed as she recalled the feel of his fingers inside her. The Steer men were still looking at her. "Have you met Daisy?" William ignored the two men and walked toward her. She didn't know how to respond.

William moved closer, pushed some of her red hair off her neck and pressed a kiss to her pulse.

"Ah, I should have known you'd already have a beautiful woman. Yes, I've had the pleasure of meeting her," said Edward.

"What about you? Paul? David? Are you going to come and say hello to your sister?" William asked.

Her cheeks heated from the glare Paul sent her way. David moved first. He walked toward her. She saw how awkward he felt in the way he moved.

"I'm sorry, Daisy. I think it would be good for us all to talk at some point. Paul is not ready," David said.

She smiled, trying her hardest to hide the pain. "No problem."

He moved away, and she watched as the two brothers left the club.

"Awkward," Edward said.

"Daisy, I'm going to show Edward around the club. Here are the keys to my home. Go on inside and leave the connecting door unlocked. I'll see you soon."

William kissed her lips waiting for her to respond. She nodded her head, taking the keys and walking in the direction he'd taken her last night.

Once she was inside his home, she left the keys on the loop and went down to the kitchen. She really needed a strong drink but settled on coffee instead. Her whole body was burning for William's touch. She wanted him desperately.

When her coffee was made she moved from room to room to find the television. She found a wide plasma with several sofas in the fourth room she found. After grabbing the remote, she took a seat and turned on the television. Daisy skipped several documentaries and cartoon channels. The movies held no appeal. She wasn't in the mood to watch people get blown up or die a horrible death. The further up the channels she was going, the closer she knew she was getting to the dirtier channels.

Her mother never had so many channels and would never have p**n either. She felt her pulse pound as she skipped to the higher channels. Did William watch them when he was alone?

She turned on the first X-rated channel. There was a flash, and then on the screen a woman was on her knees before a guy. Moans were coming from the couple. The camera turned angles, and she saw the woman had the guy's penis in her mouth.

Daisy's pu**y gushed as her arousal intensified.

"That's it, baby. Suck my cock."

Her pulse fluttered at the erotic words. William liked to speak through his touching. She licked her suddenly dry lips, tucked her feet up on the sofa, and watched as the guy made the woman take him deeper.

She was so captivated by the naughty film that she didn't see William watching her.

"Do you like what you're watching?" he asked, startling her.

Daisy jumped off the sofa and stared at William, feeling guilty. With shaking hands she turned the screen off. "I'm sorry," she said.

He walked over, took the remote from her hands and turned it back on. "Don't be sorry." She stared, eyes wide as he began to open his shirt. Daisy watched as the expanse of chest was revealed.

William curved a hand around her waist and pulled her close. "You're turned on, Daisy. Do you like watching a woman suck a man's cock?" he asked.

She moaned and couldn't stop the sound from escaping. "I couldn't help it."

He pulled her skirt down and then removed her shirt.

"We're going to get naked, Daisy, and then we're going to sit and watch this scene until it has finished. Then we'll begin. Would you like that?"

"Yes," she said. It was hard for her to find her voice. She was aroused past the point of reasonable understanding.

She stood in a pair of cream panties and a bra. "I'll let you take those off while I remove my clothing."

Daisy turned her back to him, unhooked her bra, and removed her panties.

"Turn around, pet," he said.

She turned. He was naked. His c**k stood out, long, hard, and proud.

William took a seat on the sofa and tapped the chair next to him. She sat down, naked, curling up next to him.

"Do you see how she's taking him? She's licking the head, getting him nice and slick before taking him down into her throat."

"Can a woman do that?" she asked.

"A woman can do anything if she finds enjoyment in it and wants to do it."

"He's about to pull her off."

Daisy watched as the guy on screen pulled the woman off his c**k and threw her on the bed. The woman tried to turn, but the guy stopped her, pulling her ass in the air and slamming inside her from behind.

There was a moan followed by a growl. She watched the guy pull his c**k out. It was glistening. Then he slammed it back inside her. No pause in between. The guy f**ked her hard and made her take it. Daisy was growing wetter by the second. She was worried in case she left a wet patch on William's sofa.

****

William knew she was turned on. He saw her legs sawing together as she tried to gain friction between her thighs. The noises on screen did nothing for him. He liked to watch people f**k sometimes, but it was never like real life. There was no build up to sex. It was two people pretending to be crazy about each other. It was a miracle the woman was wet in this scene. He'd seen some scenes where the woman appeared bone dry.

He liked the effect it was having on his woman, though. Daisy looked completely turned on and highly aroused from the passion on screen.

All too soon, the groaning and grunting gave way to the cum shot as the guy spilt himself over the woman's face. The scene ended. He turned the television off and watched as Daisy swallowed then looked at him. "That turned me on," she said.

"Good. Lie back and let me see how much it turned you on."

She did as he instructed without argument. They hadn't even discussed a D/s relationship, and she was obeying him. His c**k thickened more as she spread her legs. Her scent teased the air around them. Her pu**y was swollen and glistening in the light.

"I think I'll be watching more p**n with you," he said.

"Am I wrong for being turned on?" she asked.

He shook his head. "No, Daisy. I like the fact you're turned on."

William stood up. "I'm going to give you a set of keys, Daisy. I'm going to go through some important information, and then I'm going to give you a contract. I want you to read through it tonight, and then tomorrow I will see what you want."

"Okay," she said.

He'd spent a great deal of time on the contract. It wasn't a lifetime contract but one he'd drawn up to list a great deal of specifications she might like. William wanted her to know everything that was available to her.

"Good. I want you to kneel on the floor but in a sitting position." He watched as she got to her knees beside the sofa and sat back. Her br**sts were large and naked. "Open your legs wider to show your Master your pu**y."

Her legs opened.

"If at any time you don't like what I say I want you to say 'red'."

"Okay, William."

"We'll work on titles shortly."

She kept opening her legs until he told her to stop. "Good girl. Push your chest up as if you're offering me your tits. Then, bow your head." Daisy followed through in the pose. Fuck, she looked good enough to eat.

"If you agree to the contract we talk about, I'll give you the keys so that you can come here every night and be here in this position. However, there will be times I'll want you to be like this in my office. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, William."

"Pet, when you're in this pose, we'll consider this the start of our meetings. When you pose like this, you'll call me 'Sir' or 'Master'. Every other time, you will call me 'William'."

"Yes, Master."

"Now try the other name," he said.

"Yes, Sir."

There was no hesitation. She responded instantly. "Now, stand up, and without me instructing you I want you to do this pose. I will leave the room and return in one minute."

William turned, left the room and counted the seconds away. He walked in. Her position was perfect. He could not find fault with her.

"Look at me, pet." She turned her gaze to him. "Before we go further I want you to become acquainted with my body. You've never seen a na**d man before except in pictures and on the screen. Here is your time to get used to me."

He waited for her to move. She stared at him. "Stand up, pet. You're no longer my submissive. You're Daisy, and I'm William."

She stood up and smiled. "I need to get used to this."

"After today, you'll see everything and know your place."

"Do you always like to be in control?" she asked.

William cupped her cheek, caressing her flesh. "Always. But only if the woman wants me to be in control. Do you want me to be in control, Daisy?"

"Yes."

He took her hand and pressed it against his chest. Her gaze turned to where they were touching. William knew she wouldn't touch. She was too nervous and far too innocent to give in like that. He needed her to get used to what he looked like and his touch. Her fingers were cold as he moved her hand down his body. After a few seconds her other hand came up to touch his body.

When she didn't go any further than his chest and back, William took her hand once again and wrapped it around his cock.

She gasped as he growled. "You're so hard and soft. It is weird."

He burst out laughing.

"Sorry, did I say the wrong thing?" she asked.

"Never, Daisy."

Both of her hands cupped his cock. She sank to her knees before him. William fisted his hands to stop himself losing control. She was experimenting on him, and he wouldn't let go.

"What is this coming out of the tip?" she asked. He gazed down and saw her running her finger through his juice.

"That's my cum. It leaks out when I'm aroused."

"I thought a guy only needed to get hard."

"Then it is another lesson for you to learn," he said.

"Can I taste it like that woman did in the movie?" she asked.

Shit, she was going to kill him with her questions.

"Yes, but only if you want to." He expected her to lick her finger and turn her nose up. Instead, she licked the tip of his c**k with her tongue.

"You taste salty." She covered his whole length with her mouth.

"Fuck, Daisy," he said. His hands sank into the length of hair. "You have no idea what you're doing to me."

"I'm sucking your cock," she said, after letting go of his c**k with a plop.

He stared down at her plump lips and thought of something else. "Come here." William helped her to her feet, and then he lay down on the sofa. "I want you to put your legs on either side here." He pointed to either side of his head.

"Won't that hurt you?"

"No, I'll give you pleasure as you suck my cock."

She looked nervous.

"Trust me, Daisy. You'll love what I do."

She smiled and then followed through with what he asked. Her body rested on top of his. William stared at the creamy cunt above him. Fucking Ace! He had the best job in the world.

Her lips wrapped around his length, and she pumped the shaft with her fist. William opened her pu**y and saw her entrance and the puckered skin of her arsehole glistening at him.

Using two fingers he eased them inside her pu**y and felt the ripples of her walls as they gripped him. He leaned up and licked her clit.

"Oh my God," she screamed. She came up off his c**k as he flicked her cl*t with his tongue. His grip on her tightened to keep her from slamming down on him.

She was such a responsive woman. He moved his fingers out of her pu**y and pressed them to her ass. William felt her tense but do nothing else. Her lips went back around his cock. She was a fast learner. Watching the woman on screen had given her some tips.

He moved down to her pu**y with his tongue and pushed inside her. She squirmed above him. William moistened her ass and then slowly pressed the tip of a finger against her. He didn't penetrate but added enough pressure to drive her wild.

William f**ked her cunt with his tongue and then teased her clit, swapping directions. Her h*ps were thrusting down in time with his strokes. The moans she gave off vibrated up his length. His balls felt heavy with his cum.

She moaned as he centred on her clit. In seconds her world came apart. He licked her cream and swallowed her down like a ripe peach, juicy and dripping with moisture.

The sucking on his c**k eased. William let her ride her orgasm. He helped her move off his shoulders. "That was amazing," she said.

"Then give me my reward." Her lips wrapped around his shaft. He watched her suck him down as her hand worked the base of his shaft.

William knew he wouldn't last. He'd been wanting inside her mouth for so long. She moaned, and the vibration along with her sucking made him gasp.

"Pull off, Daisy," he said.

She moved off as the first wave of se**n shot out of the tip. It caught her cheek. He took his c**k and aimed it up his body as the rest of his orgasm released. William groaned as he watched her wipe the se**n from her cheek and suck it into her mouth.

She was perfection.

Chapter Seven

He'd told her to pack some clothes to change in to. William had dropped her off home about three hours later. He'd made her some dinner and then handed her over the contract he wanted her to read. Daisy couldn't stop thinking about him. She'd gone home with the strict instructions she wasn't allowed to touch herself. William had told her he was the one in charge of her pu**y and only he could bring her pleasure.

She made her morning coffee and then began reading through the document he'd given her. It was not a legal document. Daisy grabbed a pen like he'd instructed and began to mark off what intrigued her, what she wanted to do and what she might want to do. It was an idiot-proof list. He'd given her an explanation underneath each one to describe it.

Daisy crossed off golden showers and scat play. They were something she didn't even want to know.

Oral she ticked thinking about the feel of William in her mouth the previous night. She placed a tick against the boxes she was sure about like oral and f**king. The styles of f**king from missionary to doggie then to a few more. Spanking she ticked as well. The implements scared her, but she ticked or crossed the ones she wanted.

When it came to menage and sharing, she stumbled. Sex with someone other than William did not appeal to her. She frowned and put a question mark against it. Sharing wasn't something she wanted to deal with. The Steer brothers shared, and look where it had gotten them.

A knock at the door sounded through her apartment, startling her. She checked to make sure she'd gone through most of the contract, before tucking it into her bag. Daisy had decided to go straight to the club after work.

She'd phoned them to let them know she'd be in. It was a Friday, and she didn't want to be docked a half week's pay. She needed the money now more than ever.

"I'm coming," she said when the knocking became more persistent. Daisy opened the door hoping it was William. It wasn't. Anna Steer stood on her doorstep. She was holding a bag with the logo from the bakery on the front.

Daisy was taken aback by her presence. She stared at the other woman. They were both the same age. All too soon Daisy recalled the party and felt the blush heat her cheeks.

"Morning," Anna said. "I'm really sorry to do this to you. I didn't want to barge in, but I thought six months was long enough. Don't you?"

Daisy looked at the bag and then at Anna. "What do you want?" she asked. "I've stayed away. You don't need to be bringing me stuff, Anna. I have no intention of ruining your life."

Sadness filled Anna's eyes. "You're right. I'm sorry."

"Look, come in. I've only got a few minutes to get to work." Daisy opened the door and waited for the other woman to pass. She locked the door then followed Anna through to the living room.

"You're living in Peter's old apartment?"

"Yes, I needed to get out of my mother's place. She wouldn't stop, and she was killing me slowly." Daisy picked up her bag from the seat and placed it on her lap. She'd never felt so uncomfortable before in her life.

"I'm sorry for everything that has happened to you," Anna said.

"Why? I was a total bitch to you the last time we were in the same room, Anna. You should be kicking me to the curb and calling me all loads of crap."

"Do you really want to f**k your brothers?" Anna asked.

"What? Eww, gross, no. Urgh," Daisy said with a shudder. "Look, I just said what I said because of crap happening at home. I was drunk, and that stuff wasn't true. Yes, David and Paul are handsome. No, I never wanted to sleep with them. Thank God. I'd be in therapy if it had been true."

Anna began laughing. "I never saw a reaction like that. Some of my concerns were about that. God, I'm so sorry. This must be painful for you."

Daisy smiled. "Not really. All I know is that my mother is bitter, and I have two brothers who don't want to know me. Other than that, I'm peachy." She stared down at her watch. "Crap, I've got to go. I don't want to lose my job. They'll find any excuse to fire me."

Anna followed her out of the apartment. "Paul and David have their own opinion on what went on, Daisy. They don't hate you."

"They're probably worried that I'll start begging for money. Assure them I'm not. Nothing is going to change. I'm not going to fight them on anything. They know about me. I've lived twenty-five years without them, Anna. I can keep going. Thank you for stopping by, and I wish you every bit of happiness."

Daisy didn't give her time to talk. She walked away from the apartment and headed toward work. Young children were already walking inside the playground. She saw Dean and Laura dropping off their little girl.

It looked like they were arguing. She ignored it and went straight through to the reception area. Daisy ignored their sneers and began working. She'd been expecting some hostility. If her mother knew about her visits to the club then it didn't take a scientist to realise that others did as well.

At lunch time several of the staff went out to lunch. She stayed in cataloguing deliveries for the nursery. David and Paul Steer walked into the reception area as everyone was coming back for lunch. She was finishing her sandwich as they approached her desk. Daisy kept her attention on the computer screen.

"How may I help you?" she asked, trying to keep her voice neutral.

"We were wondering if you'd be kind enough to come to lunch with us," Paul said.

She looked up at the two men who were her brothers. Their attention was focussed on her. "I'm working right now. I can't. Another time maybe."

David nodded his head. "Sure, another time."

They left the reception area. Daisy spent the rest of the day trying not to burst into tears. She bit her lip and carried on. When it was closing time, she grabbed her bag that she'd left under her desk and began to walk the long distance to Control.

She knew she should have gotten a lift. Daisy kept walking even though rain began to fall. The tears kept falling as she walked through the wet weather. A car pulled up beside her. "Get in," William shouted. She stared at him, shocked.

Without hesitating, Daisy climbed into the passenger seat. She expected William to move away from the curb. He kept staring at her.

"What?" she asked.

"Why didn't you call me to pick you up?" he asked.

"I didn't think about it."

"Next time you better think about." He turned the heater up. "Your care is my primary concern, Daisy. You could have been hurt or gotten ill with this weather."

"I'm sorry. I didn't know it would rain."

"This is your only warning, Daisy. If you leave work with the intent of coming to the club then you call me to pick you up. If you don't, then I'll spank your ass until you can't sit on it and then refuse to give you orgasms."

She saw how angry he was. No one had ever been so annoyed with her before. "I'm sorry," she said.

"Good. Now, let's get you home."

"I don't want to go home. I want to go to your place," she said.

"That's where we're going, Daisy."

He pulled away from the curb and began driving toward the club. Her feet hurt from walking in heels. Next time she wouldn't forget to call him.

William parked the car in his driveway less than twenty minutes later. He got out of the driver's side then moved round. She yelped as he picked her up and hauled her over his shoulder as if she weighed nothing.

He didn't put her down until they were inside his part of the house. Daisy was put onto the sofa where they'd touched each other the previous night.

She blushed thinking about what they'd done.

****

William could throttle her. Did she have any idea how dangerous it was walking about? He didn't care that it was Cape Falls. He'd never been so scared before in his life. Her feet were a mess from the shoes she wore. Why did women wear shoes that only appeared to hurt their feet? It was beyond his comprehension.

He rinsed out a warm damp cloth and took it into the sitting room. Her feet looked painful. William placed the cloth over her feet and then sat down with her feet in his lap.

"You scared me, Daisy. I'm sorry if my reaction scared you."

"That's okay. I put it down to another part of your control. You're worried about me. I like it," she said with an endearing smile.

"You have no idea." He stared at her for several moments then turned his attention to her feet. "Are you all right?" he asked.

"Yes, told off, but I'm fine."

"Did you get chance to look over the contract?" he asked.

She nodded. "It's in my bag. The bag you put in the car."

"I'll go and get it." He got up, went to the car, grabbed her bags then moved back to the chair. She pulled out the contract then handed it to him.

William began to check the items she'd ticked. He stroked her leg as he read through the contract.

"David and Paul invited me to lunch today," she said.

He looked up and saw her biting her lip. "Did you go?"

"No, I told them I was too busy. I know they only asked because of Anna, their wife. She came to see me as well."

He watched her shift on the sofa. "What are you afraid of?"

"Afraid? I'm not. I mean, I don't know," she said, tears filling her eyes. William put the contract down on his lap, turned on the sofa and stared at her.

"Tell me, Daisy."

"My whole life, I've been one huge disappointment. My mother had me and didn't want me. I've never known my father, and I've found out I have two brothers. I don't want them to feel obliged to want to know me, William. I want them to want to know me, for me."

And there was the vulnerability he'd seen from the first moment he'd ever laid eyes on her. The Daisy he knew that no one else did.

This was the other side of the coin. The second face she didn't show anyone else.

"Maybe you need to be the one to make it work. Show them that you don't want anything else other than their company."

"I don't know. I think it is easier to let sleeping dogs lie. If you know what I mean."

I know what you mean," he said.

"Can we talk about something else?" she asked, wiping her cheeks.

"Sure. I noticed you put a question mark against menage and sharing. I wondered why." William picked up her contract. He was pleased with several of the points she'd ticked and crossed.

"I've never done it with one man, let alone two."

"Then that is something I'm going to have to introduce you to."

"Who's Edward Banner?" she asked.

He chuckled. She had waited longer than he had expected to ask about his friend. "Edward Banner is a friend I met while travelling Europe and, as you can guess, England. I went alone the first time and then with Gabriel when we were younger. I haven't heard from him in years. It has to be easily five years. He used to visit the club I had in the city."

"How did you meet?" Daisy asked.

"Well, I met him first, and he was the one who showed me a club similar to this. You can say it was my first jaunt into the BDSM lifestyle. Edward knows his stuff. I've asked him to be a Dom here."

"Is that who'd you get to share me with? Edward?"

"Hell, no. Edward is not the sharing sort. He likes to watch but never share."

William smiled and then went through the contract. They talked about some of her soft and hard limits.

"There are a lot of tools there, William. I don't know what half of them are."

"How are your feet?" he asked.

"Fine. I can walk around," she said.

"All right."

William took her into the main part of the club. He acknowledged Peter and Edward and then moved to where their storage area was. Only he, Peter, and now Edward had a key. Control was still young, and he was fixing the rooms up for them to be in use. He wanted Control to be the biggest club in Cape Falls. His name and reputation were already bringing Doms to the area. He knew it would only be a matter of time before everything was running smoothly and his club would rival any other.

He opened the private door and turned on the light. The few pieces he owned were from the first lot of deliveries that Cape Falls hadn't ruined.

"I thought I'd come and check this place out with you," Edward said, closing the door. William smirked. Edward might not share, but he liked helping when breaking in a new sub, especially with equipment.

Daisy stayed by him. Her whole body shook. "What do you think, pet?" he asked.

"It looks scary.

He chuckled, as did Edward. "There is nothing scary about this room. All you've got to do is be willing to submit. Are you willing?"

Chapter Eight

The room felt dark because of the lack of windows. The glow in the room came from one light above them and several spotlights around the room. Daisy glanced from each piece of equipment to the displays on the walls. Her heart pounded as she became aware of Edward picking up several items and then putting them down.

"Peter told me you had a few problems with deliveries."

"Yes, Cape Falls is a resilient little town."

"Outdated and fighting. I like it. Is that one of the reasons you haven't put out a search for Doms?" Edward asked.

"Yes, it would not be right for me to advertise a position and then not have the proper facility for them to work."

"Agreed. I have a couple of contacts I can get in touch with. They'll get your deliveries through and some Doms."

"I thought you were all alone?" William said.

"I may not be liked in my own country, but in the States I'm a legend."

Daisy watched the interaction fascinated by how easily William opened up. She rarely saw him so relaxed and calm. He only ever appeared that way in front of her.

"So is she a newbie or a full-blown sub?" Edward asked.

"Newbie, and I've got it from here."

"No problem, I'm just checking everything out."

William chuckled. He took her hand leading her to the farthest wall. "I want you to touch them."

The "them" he referred to were long, black strips of leather. "What are they?" she asked. She touched one feeling the leather against her fingers. There were many sizes, short and long.

"They're whips. I like the leather ones, which is why I ordered them first. The others haven't made it here yet."

"I like bamboo ones," Edward said.

She didn't pick them up and moved down. "Is this like a spanking wall?"

"Yes, each of these items is designed to spank. I have paddles, whips, crops, floggers, and canes," William said.

"Don't forget the hand, William. The hand is another personal favourite," Edward said.

William moved up behind her. His palm landed on her ass. The sound echoed around the room followed by her moan.

"You've got a spanker," Edward said.

"I love using my hand, Daisy." He whispered the words against her ear. She moaned, her ni**les tightening as the rush of pain went straight to her clit.

With his hands on her waist, William moved her along. "They're dildos," she said.

"Correct, pet. There are many sizes and shapes. Also, these are butt plugs."

"Butt plugs?"

"Hell, yeah, butt plugs can drive a sub wild," Edward said.

Her ass tightened as she thought about a c**k being in her ass.

"Touch one, Daisy. Feel it in your hand."

She reached out touching the hard devices. A whimper broke through her lips."Are you wet for me, pet?"

"Yes."

"I'm going to feel."

Daisy nodded her head. His hand pulled her skirt up exposing her pu**y to the air. William slipped her panties to the side then pushed a finger through her slick, wet heat.

"You feel so good," he said.

Seconds later he removed his fingers. She heard him lick the digits, and then they moved along to the nipple clamps. Daisy stared at the beautiful clips."Do you want to try one on?" he asked.

She nodded her head. Words failed her against the erotic beat pulsing through her body. He pulled down a pair of crocodile clips. They looked menacing. She wanted to feel them on her body.

"Edward, do me the honour of holding Daisy still."

"With pleasure."

Her moans grew louder as Edward held her steady.

"What's your safe word, pet?"

"Red, I say red."

"Good girl."

He opened each button of her shirt. There was no way she could ever shout red. Her pu**y was on fire with so much burning need. William had no idea how much she wanted him. It was like an aching that would never disappear. He unbuttoned her shirt until it fell open revealing her tame, cream-coloured bra.

"She's beautiful, William. You've got yourself a nice ripe peach," Edward said, making her moan.

"I know. She's ready for the taking." William agreed with him. With a flick of his fingers, the clasp at the front fell open, and her br**sts popped out. The cool air brushed along her ni**les. They were tight, and she felt the need from her ni**les down inside her clit. Each pound drove her more and more crazy.

"Look at those dark ni**les. The clamps will drive her insane."

She watched as William thumbed her nipple, his touch light but with the promise of something more. Daisy whimpered unable to control her gyrating pelvis. She needed him to touch her pu**y.

"Please," she said.

"She's begging, William."

"Touch her for me. I want to watch her eyes as I put the clamps on."

Her skirt was torn from her legs. She stood with her shirt and bra open and her skirt around her ankles. In the next instant, Edward had his fingers down her panties. Daisy closed her eyes as the pleasure made thinking unbearable. His fingers were slightly rougher than William's, but the sensation was the same.

William sucked on her nipple as Edward fingered her pu**y. She understood why women enjoyed threesomes. This was the best of both worlds. Two men and one woman. She bit her lip to stop herself from crying out.

"Your woman is dripping wet."

"I know. She's ready for me."

William moved back, and she watched as he placed the clamp over her breast. She cried out as the sharp burst of pain bit into her nipple. Edward's fingers took all the sensation away as he focussed on her clit. Daisy couldn't think. She only felt. The immense power of the pleasurable pain startled her.

William removed the clip replacing it with his own lips. Then he did the same with the other nipple until she was squirming with the need to cl**ax.

"Stop, Edward. Thank you for assisting us," William said as he stared into her eyes. Daisy didn't say a word when the man behind her removed his hand and left the room.

Neither spoke. The room was filled with the sounds of their breathing. She wanted him to the point it hurt.

He reached out and stroked her lip. Daisy licked the tip of his finger then opened her lips as he pressed the digit between her lips.

"Tell me what you want," he said.

"I want you."

"No, Daisy. I need you to tell me what you want." He cupped both of her cheeks in his hands. She licked her lips and gazed into his eyes. Brown eyes that looked almost black when he was aroused.

"I want you to take me to your room and f**k me."

"Are you sure? When I get you to my room there is no backing out." He gave her a strong warning. Daisy didn't care. She wanted him inside her. For once, she wanted to feel without fear. William was inside her head all the time, and God help her, he was inside her heart, too.

His age didn't affect her. All she knew was how much she wanted him. It was a passion bordering on obsession for her.

"I want you, William. Please, take me."

If he wanted her to she'd get down on her knees and beg him to take her.

"Good, because that's what I want as well. You're not going home tonight, Daisy. You're staying here with me, where you belong." He helped her with her skirt followed by her blouse. Her fingers were shaking with need. William buttoned up her blouse.

"Why are you getting me dressed?" she asked.

"Because no one else is seeing you naked. You're mine, Daisy. No one else's, unless I say so."

Her pu**y spasmed with the promise he was making. Did he have any idea how hot he looked and sounded?

They left the supply room, and William escorted her up to the connecting door. He locked the door before pulling her along to his room.

"Strip," William said the moment they were inside.

"Don't you want to shut the door first?"

"No, no one will come in." She watched him as he stood leaning against the wall. "I want to see you strip for me, Daisy."

She stared at him then began to remove each item of her clothing until she stood before him naked. There was a new power inside her. Daisy saw the attraction in his eyes, and it felt good to finally see some of her worth. No man had ever looked at her as if she was a dessert and they wanted to feast. William could feast on her all day. She didn't care. Did he even realise how much she wanted him?

"Come here," he said. That was all he had to do, command her, and she was like putty in his hands.

Daisy took the few steps, stopped then waited for more commands.

"Remove my clothing."

She reached out, starting with the top button of his shirt. When she finished with the buttons, Daisy ran her hands up his chest and watched the shirt spill to the floor. His chest was hard, the muscles defined. For a much older man he sure knew how to take care of himself.

"You're not finished, pet. You need to finish with the rest."

Her hands shook when she tugged on his belt buckle. The leather was tough and resilient. William chuckled, his hands laid behind his head. He wasn't going to help her.

****

Her little tongue peeked out in concentration while she pulled his belt free before starting on the button and zipper. His c**k was so damned hard. William stopped her as she went to pull the zipper down.

"This needs careful attention, pet. I don't want you tugging and catching my cock. The only place we'd be going is the emergency room."

Daisy stared at him with wide innocent eyes. She wanted so much of him, and God help him, he wanted to be the one to give it to her. Was it such a sin to want and to need someone so badly? She was inside him all the time. William knew he'd spend the rest of his life protecting and loving her. That was right, loving.

Her mother and all the other crap aside, Daisy was a beautiful, intelligent, and loving woman. He would be more than honoured to call her his. Edward must have seen his reaction. Usually, his old friend would argue with him, but tonight he'd left without a word. Daisy was going to be his in the bedroom and outside of it.

Before they did any more, he wanted to show her true love-making without the other aspect. She deserved to be loved without all the equipment and harshness. William never liked this normally. He found love-making could be rather dull without adding a kink of some kind to it. At the moment, he couldn't think of doing anything other than sinking inside her until he was balls deep.

He pulled his pants off, careful of his erection. William stepped out of them and stood. Her gaze went straight to his cock.

"Do you have condoms?" she asked.

"Yeah, but don't you trust that I'm healthy?"

"Yes, I do. But I'm not on birth control. I don't want to risk it. I'd never want to raise my baby alone."

William tilted her head back with a grip on her long red hair. "I'd never leave you alone like that, Daisy. I've got condoms."

He pictured her heavy with his child. The image shouldn't have turned him on, but it did. Her stomach would be round and her tits heavy with milk. Fuck, he needed to claim her soon. He leaned down, claiming her lips instead. Her moan went southwards to his erection.

Her noises would drive him crazy in no time.

"Touch me, Daisy," he said. "Like I'm going to touch you." Her fingers sank into his hair as she pressed her body against him. It was uncontrolled, and he loved it. Her reactions to him were so pure that he knew how in need she was.

William turned her until she was pressed against the wall with a thud. He lifted her up in his arms, never once breaking contact with her lips. She wrapped her legs around his waist, her hot, wet pu**y rubbing against his pulsing dick.

He cupped her ass, squeezing the cheeks in his hands as he pressed against her.

Daisy broke the kiss, leaning her head back and crying. William rained kisses down her neck to the top of her br**sts. Their plump flesh called to him.

"More, I need more," she said on a gasp. He turned and landed on the bed with her underneath him. "You're so strong."

"I know." He slammed his lips down on hers as he followed a path down her body to stroke each breast before continuing on to her sweet, tight pu**y.

She was hot, wet, and ready for him. He slipped two fingers inside her slick heat and couldn't stop the moan. "You're ready for me."

"Yes, please, William. Fuck me. I want you, only you." He quietened her with his kiss. He knew her desperation and felt it himself.

"I need to get a condom," he said.

"No, I don't care. Please, f**k me."

William caught her hair in his fist, pulled on the strands until the length of her neck was exposed. "I'm going to protect you, Daisy. I promised you."

He pulled her up the bed until he opened the drawer next to the bed. William grabbed a foil packet then leaned back on his knees.

"Put it on me," he said, handing her the packet.

She opened the foil with jerky movements. The condom looked so sinful in her hands. William showed her how to slide it on his dick. "Squeeze the tip so there is no air inside. That's it. Now slide it down my cock. Good, pet."

He pushed her to the bed and moved between her thighs. William kissed her one final time, grabbed his length in his fist, and pressed the mushroomed head to her entrance.

Slowly, for the first thrust, he eased his length inside her, inch by glorious inch. William felt the walls of her cunt grip him like a fist as he eased inside her.

Her nails sank into his back as he pushed all the way to the hilt inside her.

"I'm not a virgin anymore?" she asked.

William chuckled. "You haven't been a virgin for some time."

"I'm your woman?"

He kissed her lips, pressing his pelvis inside her. "You're my woman."

Her smile was like a dream. She looked satisfied, horny, and content.

"Make me yours," she said.

He pulled out all the way then slammed inside her pu**y. She cried out, her nails scoring his back as he f**ked her hard.

"More." She begged him over and over. William gave her everything. He cupped her h*ps and slammed inside her.

"Watch me take you, baby," he said, holding her head so she could see his slick dick disappear inside her body.

"More, I want more."

Kissing her one last time, he pulled out of her, spun her until she was on her knees at the edge of the bed then plunged all the way home. William stroked her ass and fisted his palm in her hair, pulling her up. Her tits bounced with each thrust of his cock.

"Tell me what you want, Daisy."

"You, I only want you. Always." She screamed and slammed back against him. It was hot, heavy, and everything he'd been craving. Without the condom he'd feel every ripple of sensation, but he didn't mind. Her safety and protection were his primary concern.

"Touch yourself. Finger that sweet slit," he said.

Her hand went between them. The first stroke on her cl*t made her pu**y tighten further. Her moans grew louder, and her thrusts became more desperate.

"I'm close," she said.

William pushed her hand out of the way and fingered her clit. She needed a little pain to bring her off. It was a relief to understand her body as well as he did.

He fingered her clit, and then with his finger and thumb, he added a little pressure along with a bit of pain. Daisy went over the edge. She screamed, her body tightening as her cum spread around his cock. He continued his thrusting until she came down from her high.

William pulled out of her, then turned her over, laying her in the centre of the bed.

"You haven't come?" she asked.

"No, not yet."

"Why?"

"Because now I want to make love to you."

He settled between her thighs, sliding his c**k deep inside her. William wrapped his arms around her, stared into her eyes and built up an achingly slow pace.

William loved her body and knew in those last blissful moments that Daisy McAllister was the woman for him. He felt it deep inside his heart and knew he'd spend the rest of his life showing her how much he did love her.

His cl**ax took him over the edge as he pulsed inside the condom. The pleasure was more intense than anything else he'd ever felt.

He cupped her cheek as he lay by her side, stroking her body next to his.

Daisy kept her eyes on him at all times.

"I love you," she said.

"I know." He didn't say the words. It wasn't the time for him to say them. William knew he'd say them soon.

Chapter Nine

Daisy opened her eyes as pleasure centred from her cl*t all the way up through her body. She fisted the sheet beneath her and stared down at William's black hair with a few hints of grey. He was licking her pu**y, his tongue doing wickedly sinful things.

He stared up at her with a smile on his lips. "You're awake."

She moaned. "I'd feel a lot better if you finished what you were doing," she said.

His chuckle was a delight to hear. He went back to sucking her cl*t into his mouth. She piled the pillows behind her back and watched him lick her out. Daisy bit her lip, reaching down to stroke her fingers through his hair. She was all his. William's woman. She liked it a lot.

He'd not responded in kind to her words of love, but she couldn't expect him to feel the same way. She loved him, and at the moment that was enough for her.

William pushed a finger inside her. She felt sore from his love-making the night before. The slight pain didn't bother her. The pleasure his tongue was giving her was worth any kind of pain.

A second finger was added, and his tongue flicked from side to side against her bud. Her eyes closed as the coil in her body grew. Her tummy tightened as the flicks of his tongue became incessant.

Her fingers tightened in his hair. His groan vibrated up inside her.

"More," she said on a gasp.

He added a third finger, and sweet ecstasy was hers. She couldn't stop her cries as her orgasm consumed her. One of his hands held her h*ps as the other pumped inside her, drawing out her cl**ax.

William eased her down from her cl**ax, kissing her leg, then her stomach before landing his lips on each of her br**sts to rest on her face.

She turned her face away. "You've got me on your face."

"I've got your cum. Taste yourself," he said.

Daisy turned her nose and then kissed his lips. Her taste wasn't awful. Musky. "I could wake you up like that every morning."

She chuckled.

"However," he said, reaching for a condom. "Do I get my reward for being a good boy?"

"Yes, kind Sir."

He slid the condom on and then slid inside her body. Daisy lay down as he f**ked her hard and then slow. His pace never once let up as he searched for his own release.

She held onto him as the muscles on his neck stood out. His growl of completion echoed off the walls.

"You're bad for me," he said.

"I thought I was good at what I do."

"You are. I could get used to this."

She smiled. Daisy hoped he could.

They lay in bed for a few minutes. "Today is Saturday."

"I know."

"I don't have to go to work."

"That's why you're staying here with me," William said.

"I am?"

"Yes, you're my woman now, Daisy. You better not be thinking this is a quick f**k and then disappear on me," he said.

"I wouldn't dream of it. I'm all yours."

He leaned over, kissing her lips. She smelt her essence on his face. The scent turned her on even more.

"First, I think we should have breakfast."

"I agree."

"I'll shower first, and then you can while I make breakfast," William said. He kissed her one last time then went in the direction of the bathroom. She lay back on the bed reliving the events of last night. Her first sexual encounter had been wonderful. She smiled as she recalled the sweet way he'd made love to her. He'd drawn everything out so that she didn't know where she ended or he began.

He walked out of the bathroom in a pair of sweat pants. "You're free to go in. I've got some bath soaps for you to use."

She took a shower making sure to spend the time to wash her hair. The length sometimes made it hard to deal with. Daisy smelled breakfast the moment she moved back into the bedroom. She wrapped a bathrobe around her, dried her hair, then made her way down to the kitchen. William sat at the table. A plate was in front of him, and there was a place set for her as well.

He was reading the paper as she walked into the room.

"Good morning," he said.

She blushed. This was her first morning after. "Morning."

William chuckled and pulled her seat out for her. "Stop worrying. Everything is going to be fine."

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"Do I look the kind of man to lie to you?"

"No." She sat down. William stroked her hair out of the way of her neck. He dropped a kiss to her pulse then took the seat next to her.

"I was thinking we'd go out today. I want to take you shopping."

"Around Cape Falls?" she asked, picking up her knife and fork. He'd cooked bacon eggs and tomatoes with a couple of slices of toast.

"No, I wanted to take you into the city. Is that all right?"

"Yes."

"I've got a few items I want to pick up, and I need to check out a few of my old friends."

"I'd love to come with you."

"Good, eat up."

They ate their breakfast while William muttered at several articles in the newspaper. She couldn't help but laugh. Cape Falls news was mostly about the latest scandal. It was a popular newspaper even though she rarely read it.

"I can't believe all that bullshit they're talking about with regards to the outcasts. Do you realise they have an entire list here of all the wrong-doers?" William said.

"Who's top of the list?" she asked.

"The Steer brothers for sharing their wife. Then it looks like Laura and Dean."

"I saw them arguing at the nursery the other day."

"They're a couple with lots of scandal. I imagine it's not good for the kids."

She shrugged her shoulders, biting into a piece of toast. "I have no idea why Cape Falls is the way it is. I've heard we're a very backwards kind of town."

"You have no idea, honey. Maybe today I'll show you how much."

She laughed then swallowed down the lump in her throat as his hand stroked her thigh. He pushed the robe out of the way exposing the long length of her thigh.

"I'm done with breakfast." He pushed the plates out of the way then pulled her over his lap, opening the gown as he did. "You've never had sex after breakfast have you?" he asked.

"No, you know I haven't."

The gown went to the floor. He eased his sweat pants down and retrieved a condom. "I'm keeping one on me in case of emergencies."

Daisy couldn't believe how hot and ready she was for his c**k once again. She was wild with her need for him. Her pu**y was aching, her cum leaking out of her tight hole.

His condom was on in a matter of seconds, and then he was pressing his length inside her. William gripped her ass and pulled her down onto his length. She cried out from the invasion even as her cunt tightened harder around him.

She opened her eyes staring into his.

"I love f**king you," he said. William raised her up then pulled her down until she was screaming for release. Daisy watched as his c**k rammed home repeatedly inside her. It was hot, horny, and everything she wanted.

"Finger your clit, baby. Let me see you come."

William slapped her ass three times while she fingered her slit. He latched onto her nipple and sucked her in hard. His c**k pounded inside her, relentlessly.

She cried out, screamed, and shook as her release spilled out of her. William caught her as he landed her onto the table. The dishes went everywhere. She didn't care, and from the looks of it, neither did he. He f**ked her hard, her legs going over each of his shoulders as he slammed inside her.

"Love ... watch ... ing ... your ... tits ... bounce," he said between each thrust of his cock. Daisy gripped the edge of the table as with one final thrust, she felt the kick of his c**k as he cl**axed.

They both came down from their high, panting out of breath. "That was amazing," she said.

"I know."

He kissed her lips and helped her up. Her legs were shaking. William stroked her cheek, staring into her eyes. She felt him staring into her heart. The love she felt for him couldn't be denied or ignored.

"You have no idea how special you are, do you?" William asked.

She hummed and then dropped a kiss to the inside of his palm.

"Go and get dressed. I'll be waiting for you at the front of the club. I need to talk to Peter and Edward."

Daisy nodded, leaning up on her toes to kiss him. "I love you," she said. Before he had chance to stop her, she moved back upstairs.

****

William watched her leave with the words on the tip of his tongue. He wanted to say them, and like last night he was holding them back. There was no way he was letting her go. Daisy was the woman for him.

She's younger.

I don't care.

You're afraid she'll drop you the moment you show her who you really are. The man who likes to share. The same man who likes to spank his sub.

Stop.

He closed off his thoughts, refusing to think about the future. She was in his blood. He'd do everything to make sure she was safe.

William grabbed the spare clothing from the washing room, dressed, and made his way through to the main part of the club. Edward sat at the bar while Peter was growling into the phone.

"What-fucking-ever. You didn't do your job. You're not getting paid. End of f**king story." Peter hung up then threw the phone across the room. "Fucking ass**les."

"Trouble in paradise?" William asked.

Peter spun round to face him. "I'll replace the phone. The delivery of equipment and alcohol has gone. You've also had a notice in the mail for some legal crap that I don't even know half the wording to. The Steer brothers are demanding to know where Daisy is. This is a f**king nightmare. We can't open tonight. We're short on everything."

William sighed. "Give me the letter."

The younger man handed him a letter. William read through the note and saw it was fake. "This doesn't exist. I'll run it by Gabriel, but this is just another hit from the town." He folded the letter. "What about the Steer brothers?" he asked.

"They've been phoning every ten minutes asking where Daisy was. She wasn't at the house. I told them she's safe, but they want to talk to you."

"I think it's time you reached out to a few friends, William. This place is going to go under if you're not careful. The people of Cape Falls are nosy f**kers," Edward said.

William sighed. "I'm headed into the city to check a few things out. I'm taking Daisy with me. I'll call David and Paul. Just do some of your training. Edward will show you where you're going wrong."

"What's the point of me learning?" Peter asked. "This place is not going to last, William. Not right now."

"It will last. Believe me, it will last. I'll also need you to go to Daisy's place and bring her stuff here. I want it in my room if that's possible."

"I'm not your slave," Edward said with a smirk.

"I know. You're doing this as a favour to me. I think Cape Falls will be out for blood. Daisy is all alone out there. Her mother is a bitch, and I don't like her being alone."

"Will do, boss. Are you coming?" Peter asked the other man. Edward drained his cup then followed Peter out to the car.

Daisy still hadn't come back. He picked up the spare phone behind the bar and dialled the Steer brothers' number.

They answered on the third ring. "Daisy, are you all right?" Paul asked.

"This is not Daisy. She's fine, Paul. Why are you desperate for her to get on the phone?"

"We've received a letter."

"You're being evasive."

"Look, it's threatening her life. I wouldn't be bothering with this shit if I didn't think it was important."

"Fine, Daisy and I are heading into the city. I'll drop by with her. Don't get your uptight asses in a twist. Also, I'll need you to do something for me."

"Fine. We'll see you soon."

The call ended as Daisy walked into the room. She wore a long blue denim skirt and a red blouse. "I'm sorry, I didn't know what to wear," she said.

"You look fine. Come on," he said.

Together they walked out to the car. He helped her inside then got into the driver's side. William made sure to lock the gate on his way out. Daisy was humming as she looked out of the window.

"You're humming," he said.

"I'm really happy. I've never been so happy before in my life."

"I know that feeling."

He drove toward the Steer brothers' house.

"William, where are you going?"

"David and Paul want to see you."

"No, I'm not ready."

William pulled up to the large house. He shut the engine off and turned to her. "Trust me, Daisy. I'd never put you in harm's way. I'm not leaving you here. You'll be coming home with me."

"Okay," she said.

They got out of the car. David was waiting near the door. William placed a hand at her back as they walked up.

"William," David said.

He acknowledged the other man with a nod of the head.

"Daisy."

She didn't say anything.

They walked into the main sitting room. Anna was reading a book as they walked in. Paul was pacing by the window.

"Daisy, you came," Anna said.

"Yay, everyone is delighted to see me." William heard the sarcasm in her voice along with the pain. William reached up, stroking her neck in order to offer her comfort.

"Thank you for bringing her," Paul said.

"I came here to see what the emergency was. I'm not leaving her here."

"We can keep her safe." William heard what Paul was saying but didn't comment.

"Stop arguing over her." Anna ordered her two men. "Just show them the damn letter."

Paul came over with a letter, which was neatly folded into three. William opened it and saw the message on the front.

"'Daisy's death will be your fault. You shouldn't allow her to be around that scum.' This is a lovely way to start a Saturday," William said, feeling anger at anyone who threatened his woman. "Have you shown it to Gabriel?"

"No, we wanted to make sure Daisy was okay. We want you to stay here with us until we know who this person is," Paul said, looking at his woman.

Daisy shook her head. "No, I'm not staying here. I'm staying with William. He promised to keep me safe. I trust him."

William filled with pride at her faith in him. She really was a special woman to him.

"Daisy, I know we haven't been the best-" David started to say. Daisy cut him off.

"No, I don't care about that. Yes, you're my brothers. Something f**ked up in your parents' marriage. I don't care. For once in my life, I'm happy. William makes me happy. He's the only one who has cared about me." She stopped to look down at her hands. "I'm sorry for the pain my mother caused. She's out of my life. I don't want your money or your name. I'm Daisy McAllister, and that's enough for me."

She found his hand and gripped him. He knew he was her lifeline.

Chapter Ten

Daisy was back in the car next to William. Her heart was pounding inside her chest, and her head was pounding, too. She felt like she'd been in a fight for the championship or something. Her two half brothers could really lay it on thick when they wanted to. They'd practically begged her to stay with them. The letter scared her. She wasn't going to lie. It was the first time anyone had threatened her. Pretending the letter didn't bother her wouldn't fool anyone.

William drove them through to the city.

"You can talk to me," he said.

"I know. I haven't got anything to say."

"Are you regretting your decision not to stay with them?" he asked.

"What? No, I'm fine with it all. I'm just nervous about the threatening letter. I've obviously pissed someone off for them to want me dead, right?"

"It could merely be a threatening letter."

"I hope you're right."

He pulled up outside of a blacked out shop. The street looked deserted. "I'll never let anything happen to you," he said.

"I know, William. I just don't see why I'm so special that someone wants to hurt me."

"We probably should have stayed around to see Gabriel. I'll call him to meet us at the club."

"Only if you feel it's necessary."

"Your safety is necessary to me, pet. Always. Now, how would you like to see inside a sex shop?"

"You're corrupting me," she said, smiling.

"You love it."

She got out of the car and followed him inside the blackened out shop. Inside the shop was something else. The decorations were light, and there were plenty of bright lights on the accessories in the shop.

"Is that William Johnson I see?" a woman said from behind the counter. The woman was blonde with large br**sts and a trim waist.

"It sure is," he said.

The blonde walked toward him and gave him a hug. "It has been too long, William."

"Yvette, I'd like you to meet my woman, Daisy. Daisy, this is Yvette."

"Pleasure," Yvette said. "Wow, your taste has not changed. She looks good enough to eat. Do you still share?"

Daisy eyes widened as Yvette licked her lips while looking at her. William chuckled. He leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Yvette likes to play with women, pet."

"I remember a time when you'd share, William."

"Maybe another time. I'm here for a few items."

"For your pet?"

William merely smiled.

"Then follow me." Yvette locked the main door then took them both into the back room.

"Yvette reserves part of the shop for her more exclusive customers. I'll get to try them out on you before I buy."

"Is that allowed?" Daisy asked.

"This is my shop, pet. I do what I want and blow the people who try to stop me. You've got to learn to take a stand in life. Otherwise, people will walk all over you."

Daisy filed the advice away for later. Yvette unlocked another door that led through to what looked like a dressing room. There was a stage in the centre and a plush pink couch facing it.

"What do you want me to bring through?" Yvette asked.

"A couple of outfits to start, along with dildos, butt plugs and some cuffs."

"Any whips or floggers?"

"Nope, I've got them covered."

"Coming right up."

Her mouth had gone dry, and her pu**y was dripping wet. She felt the heat soaking her panties.

"Here you go. Lock the door after me and use the call button if you need anything." Yvette waved and left them alone.

"You must be a valued customer."

"You have no idea. Remove your clothes, Daisy."

She didn't argue with the look he was giving her. One item at a time she removed her clothing.

"Good, now, I'm going to dress you because I want to see how certain items would look." Daisy stood na**d as he handed her a scrap of fabric to pull up her thighs then a corset that had her br**sts spilling out of the top.

"Erm, William. The panties you've given me are ripped in the centre," she said.

William chuckled. He was sitting down on the couch. She turned and started. His c**k was out in one thick line. "Come here," he said.

Daisy walked over to him. He patted the seat next to him. "On your knees though." She knelt on the seat with her legs slightly open. "They're supposed to be like that, pet." He stroked a hand through her wetness. She moaned as he grazed her clit.

"I see."

"You look stunning. I think I'll buy them."

And that was how she spent the first part of her morning with William. He didn't f**k her. Instead, he played with her body as she tried on each new item of clothing. She'd never been so horny. The clothing seemed to drive William wild as he got her to pose in each new item.

When the devices he'd asked for came through, he pulled her closer as he tried them out.

"Yes, I think this will be perfect for you," he said.

Once they were done, William tucked his arousal back into his pants. "Don't you want to play more?" she asked.

"Sweetheart, I'll play more when we get to the club."

"Okay." She followed him out as he paid for the expensive clothing. He placed them in the trunk of his car before opening her door. The price of the clothing scared her. "William, I can't pay you back for the clothes," she said.

"I know. They're a gift, Daisy. I don't want any money for them. If I hear you mention it again, I'll take you over my knee right now and spank your ass."

Daisy was tempted just to feel his hand punishing her ass. Instead, she got into the car. The rest of the day was spent running errands. William went into several bars and started talking to some scary looking men. Daisy stayed by his side, loving the possessive way he touched her hand or caressed her neck. Each touch felt like a brand of ownership. She was totally his to control, and she loved it.

They stopped for some lunch before William hit a few other places. When night had begun to fall, William drove them back to his club. She was tired and horny. Daisy wanted to get home so that William would f**k her. She was desperate. It was all she could think about.

"Are you all right?" he asked. He placed a hand on her thigh making it harder for her to concentrate.

"I need you, William. I'm f**king wet with need," she said.

He chuckled. "Lift your skirt up," he said.

"What?"

"You heard me. Lift your skirt up, and open your thighs as wide as they can go." She glanced around to make sure no one could see her. "No one can see, Daisy. We're all alone on this big stretch of road."

She lifted her skirt up exposing her thighs for him. "Lean the chair back." Daisy did as he instructed, easing the seat back.

"Now, touch yourself."

****

William found a spot that was secluded amongst plenty of trees. He pulled up and stopped the car, turning towards Daisy as her pretty fingers teased her slit open. Damn, he wanted to f**k her so damn bad. The day had been a nightmare for him. He'd spent most of it with an erection he couldn't get rid of. She was insatiable and clearly didn't know her own appeal.

Her protection was his primary concern. He checked to make sure they couldn't be seen. William had placed one of the bags he'd gotten from Yvette in the back seat. He grabbed the first dildo he could find, and then he leaned over and took her. Daisy opened her eyes as his fingers ran through her slit.

"What if we get caught?" she asked.

"Who cares? You're desperate, Daisy. Open you lips." He pressed the tip of the dildo inside her mouth. "After I've made you come, I want you to suck my dick."

She moaned, her ni**les hardening against the shirt she wore. Her saliva coated the dildo, and then he pressed it against her cl*t rubbing the nub. "Now, ease forward. I'm going to f**k you with this."

Daisy eased forward, and he pushed the fake c**k up inside her. She cried out, her h*ps meeting the c**k all the way. He pulled it out and slammed it inside her.

"You want it, don't you, baby?"

"Yes," she said.

He thumbed her cl*t as he pumped the dildo inside her. Her whole body was shaking. Her ni**les looked tight against the fabric of her shirt.

William knew she was getting close as her breathing started to deepen along with her h*ps thrusting up.

"I'm going to come," she said. Then with a scream that was music to him, she cl**axed, riding the c**k and his hand. She was so wild with her red hair cascading around her face. All he wished was that she was totally na**d so he could kiss each breast.

When the pleasure subsided, William released his zipper and pulled out his c**k for her to suck. Without any instruction, she leaned over the seat and took the head of him between her lips. William moaned, his fingers sinking in the length of her hair. Considering she was a newbie, her lips were like sin.

He watched his c**k disappear inside her mouth. She sucked him hard and then swirled the tip with her mouth. Her little moans vibrated up his length, driving him closer and closer to the edge of his own control.

William took over, using the grip on her hair to build up speed. He forced her to take him deeper. Her fingers tightened around his pants. He didn't care. She opened her lips and took more of him. It was hot and what he needed.

"I'm going to come, Daisy. Pull off if you don't want it in your mouth."

She continued sucking him.

He closed his eyes as his release pumped into her mouth. William felt her swallowing down his cum. It was the perfect ending to his day.

After his release left him, his hold on her hair eased. He watched as she licked her lips, her eyes glazed over with desire.

"We need to get home," he said.

He put his now flaccid c**k away and pulled onto the main stretch of road.

"I enjoyed that," she said.

William pulled up outside the club forty minutes later. He was desperate for her again. There was so much he wanted to do to her.

He grabbed their packages, and together they moved into the main foyer of the club. William stopped as he saw what greeted him. He should have known after that morning a few days ago. Tracy McAllister stood with a gun pointed at David and Paul Steer. Peter and Edward were on the ground with their eyes closed. It looked like they were sleeping. Daisy gasped.

"Mom," she said.

Tracy aimed the gun at her.

"What is going on?" William asked.

"I can't let you do it. I wasted my life waiting for him to come back, and now you're going to leave me to be happy. Fuck that. You'll be dead before I let that happen," Tracy said.

"We came when Tracy called us asking to meet us at the club. It seems she came to the club under false pretences. She offered your boys a drink that was laced with some kind of sleeping drug. She then aimed a gun at us. I don't want to be shot at," Paul said. The oldest Steer brother sounded bored with the whole situation. William didn't blame him.

Tracy was screwing up everyone's life. His heart was pounding as she aimed that gun at her daughter.

"The stupid bastards thought I wanted to wait around to apologise to her. I offered them a drink, and they took it like the weak bastards they are," Tracy said. "I realised how weak and pathetic the letter I sent looked. I knew I had to do something."

"The letter was sent by you? Why would you try to kill your own daughter?" William asked.

"Why not? She took everything away from me. My life, him, so I f**king hate her. I should have killed her when I gave birth. That bastard would never touch me even when I showed him the f**king truth." Tracy screamed each and every word. William heard her voice going hoarse.

"I've never done anything to you, Mom," Daisy said.

William looked at his woman and saw the tears in her eyes. Hate filled him like a disease. This woman in front of him holding a gun had destroyed the love inside Daisy for the last time.

"Please, you're a filthy whore. The first chance you got you left me for a man. I mean, he's a sick pervert who likes to tie people up and hit them. If I knew it was a beating you needed to keep you in line, I would have done it more often."

With each word the bitch spouted out, the angrier he got.

"Which one of my fathers had the affair with you?" Paul asked.

"None of your business. I like you not knowing which brother left your mother."

"Do you really think you're getting out of here so easily?" David asked.

William stared at the gun. Did Daisy's mother even know how to use the blasted thing? Shit, his mind was whirling and his gut tightening. In forty-five years he'd never met a woman who was as passionate and caring as Daisy. William knew he couldn't do without her. He'd never do without her for the rest of his life.

Once they had got out of this little pickle, he'd show her how important she was, how much he loved her. He'd finally show her.

"I'm the one with the gun."

"You're going to kill Daisy, but she won't bring you any peace, Tracy. Daisy means nothing to you. Think about it. She's worthless to you," William said. He got what he wanted. The older woman trained the gun on him instead.

"I know what that girl cares about. I see it in her eyes when she's looking at you. I'll kill you, pervert, be sure on that."

"I'm no pervert. You are for abusing your own daughter. Hurting her over the years is what makes you a disgusting excuse for a mother. You're a shameful human being even in Cape Falls." William began taking small steps closer. The more steps he took, the more her hand holding the gun started to shake.

"William, please, don't," Daisy said.

"I've got this, pet. Be quiet and do me a favour. Do your pose for me," William said. He heard rustling as she got to the floor in her submissive pose. She wore her clothes, but her mind would be surrounded by him and not about him walking closer to her mother. He needed her mind elsewhere so she didn't get herself into trouble. With her head bowed down in submission, she was safe.

William knew he'd do anything to keep her safe. He caught movement out of the corner of his eye, and without looking he knew either Peter or Edward were slowly moving behind her. His heart was racing. At any moment he could have misjudged the situation and she could fire that weapon at any of them. Killing them.

It was ironic. He was actually safer in a city with a lot of wars going on among rival gangs than he was in the small town of Cape Falls.

"Why do you hate your daughter so much? " he asked.

Tracy's gaze moved back to his. She was no longer looking with disgust at Daisy. "She's happy, and I never was. I gave him everything, and all he did was take, take, and then leave me for his wife. He told me we could never be together. How can I let her have what I never could have? A home, a life, and a place to call her own. If I can't have those things, neither can she."

William grabbed her arm that aimed the gun. He pointed it up to the ceiling as the first blast went off.

"Let go of me," Tracy hollered. Peter grabbed her from behind as William took the gun out of her hand.

"Tie her hands behind her back," William said to the younger man.

"With f**king pleasure."

Edward helped David and Paul while William went and stroked Daisy hair. "Look at me, pet."

Tears were streaming down her eyes. "I don't want anything to happen to you, Master," she said.

"I wouldn't dream of leaving you alone. You may get up and give me a cuddle if you want." She got up, wrapped her arms around his waist, and refused to let go.

He held her as he sat on one of the couches he kept near the bar. Peter poured everyone a stiff drink. William saw the other man glaring at Tracy. He clearly didn't like being drugged.

Gabriel came by with a few of his deputies. He took one look at the scene and turned to William.

William raised a glass in salute. "Trouble follows me everywhere."

His friend shook his head, got the statements he needed, and then escorted Tracy McAllister out of the club.

That night Daisy stayed wrapped up next to William. Her hand lay on his chest against his heart.

Chapter Eleven

Gabriel went to see them at the club a few days later. Daisy was stocking the alcohol behind the counter as Peter ticked off stock items. David and Paul were talking with Edward. They'd all gathered round at the club hoping for news about Tracy. William knew Daisy was growing anxious. He'd spanked her ass that very morning in order to help her deal with what was coming.

He'd spent the past few days training her to be his woman. She'd taken to being tied up extremely well. Daisy loved being tied up and her control taken out of her hands. Her submission was the sweetest and tastiest William had ever had the pleasure of having. She'd stopped going to work and decided to change careers. She began working for him. He loved having her around.

Gabriel took a seat and stared at all of them.

"Tracy tried to convince the doctors she was insane. They didn't believe her, and she is currently on her way to the city to be convicted for having illegal substances and attempted murder."

"She tried to pretend she was like Amy's husband?" Paul asked.

"Yes, pretty much."

"Is Cape Falls built around a load of crazy people?" Peter asked.

"Well, I'm definitely staying. This place rocks," Edward said.

All but Gabriel and Daisy chuckled. William watched his friend turn to her. "She's not saying who your father is, Daisy. She isn't saying a whole lot of good. I'm required by the law to tell you, she doesn't want you anywhere near her."

Daisy was nodding her head. "I'm relieved. She was never the nicest person anyway."

"If you need me, give me a call."

William watched as Gabriel left followed by the Steer brothers. Both David and Paul hugged Daisy before leaving. There was progress. It was slow, but at least it was progress.

"I've got a date with some very powerful Doms. I'm going to go and see how they can fix our problem. Enjoy," Edward said.

Peter excused himself.

They were alone at last. William walked over to where she stood. Her hands shook as she placed each glass back under the bar. He took hold of her hand before she got the chance to clean another glass.

"How are you, pet?" he asked.

"I'm fine."

"Talk to me," he said, placing a finger under her chin and tilting her head back to look at him. "Do I need to punish you to get the truth out of you?"

She sagged against him. "I'm mixed. I'm happy that she's gone out of my life and sad that even after everything she has done, I still want her to love me."

He saw her eyes were clear from tears. "I know, pet."

"Should I be upset because she didn't care enough about me?"

"I think some people would be. You're not some people. You're Daisy McAllister." He wrapped his arms around her. She sighed then buried her head against his shoulder.

"I love you, William."

"I know."

William took her hand and led her through to his home.

"I need to finish preparing, William."

"No, you don't. We're not open for tonight. You've got all the time in the world to prepare everything. For now, you're my woman, my pet, and I want to play with you."

He took a second to stare at her. Her ni**les were hard buds pressing against her shirt; her eyes had dilated, and her lips were parted. She was aroused and ready for him.

"I've got a surprise for you."

He locked the connecting door to his home and took her up the stairs to the attic. For the past few days while she'd been working, he had spent the time converting his attic and putting the finishing touches to his playroom. He liked to be different. Most play rooms were in the basement. He liked the view from the top window that had been installed by the previous owners. Also, it was far enough away so no one could hear.

William walked up to the attic. He'd left a black sash, and he tied the length of silk over her eyes. She gasped, her hands finding his as he unlocked the door and led her through to his playroom.

He took her over to the chair he'd installed that opened her legs wide. The technical term was a doctor's chair. He loved the device and couldn't wait to f**k her on it.

"I want you to trust me, pet."

"I do trust you, Master."

"I'm going to remove your clothes. No peeking, understand?"

"Yes, Master."

William removed each item and was careful in making sure he did not touch any part of her body. She whimpered and moaned but stayed still as he picked her up in his arms and placed her on the chair. Her body was shaking as he placed the cuff over her hands and ankles, locking her into place. The chair was locked into the floor. The original owners had converted the attic properly.

He ran his hands over her body. She was so beautiful with all of her ripe curves and full br**sts. His c**k thickened with the need to f**k her and to take her.

"I'm going to remove the sash. I don't want you to talk."

She sucked her lips in to stop herself from talking.

The sash was removed, and he stared into her glorious green eyes. Her red hair cascaded around her shoulder in a mass of fiery heat. His gaze moved over her body. Her pu**y was visible, as well as her arousal. She was wet for him already.

"You look so damn beautiful, Daisy." He ran his hand down her body enjoying the feel of her as she tried to push against his hand. Her tits filled his hands, the buds of her ni**les grazing his skin. He left her for a moment to retrieve the nipple clamps he'd purchased for her. "What do you say when you want me to stop?" he asked.

"Red, Sir."

"Good. Use it if you need to."

"I will, Sir."

He smiled, his titles making his c**k pulse. She knew what to say to make him horny.

He leaned down and sucked her nipple into his mouth. She moaned, her legs sawing together.

William tutted, moving down to her ankles. "I think we need to fix that problem," he said.

The chair was designed to open her feet wide. He opened the feet and lifted them like stirrups. She was open to him. Her scent aroused him further. She whimpered but did not say her safe word.

He sucked her nipple back into his mouth, and then when she was wet and hard, he placed the clamp over her nipple. She moaned, her back arching up to some invisible touch. He ran his hand down her body and dipped his finger into her wet heat. She pulled his finger inside, her tight, snug pu**y gripping him like a fist. William added a second finger and then a third. She moaned. The sound was like a slice of heaven to him. Perfect, beautiful, and serene.

William moved round the chair and did the same with the second nipple clamp. He dipped his fingers inside her damp cunt and spread her open.

"Lick them," he said, pressing his fingers to her lips. She licked each digit clean.

"Good." He left the table and removed his clothing as he grabbed some lubrication and a dildo.

"How are you feeling, pet?" he asked.

"Perfect, Sir."

He smiled, leaned down, and kissed her lips. The love he felt for her couldn't be masked or denied. He kept the words to himself because he would know when the right moment to tell her came along.

After he removed the clamps from her ni**les, he sucked the bruised tips into his mouth, sucking her deep.

She cried out but didn't speak or shout her safe word at him. He was so proud of her. Daisy McAllister was a natural submissive. He'd seen it inside her instantly. She responded best to instructions. She was his to control. The age difference was an issue for some, but with Daisy it didn't feel like an issue. He wanted her so damn much. How could anything that felt as natural as breathing be wrong?

He walked down to the end of the chair and pulled her waist to the edge of the chair. It was only a few inches. The chair had plenty of give for her to move if she wanted to. She smiled down at him as he lubricated the small c**k he'd gotten from his box of goodies. Yvette had supplied him with an anal starter kit, which came with a small c**k suited for what he wanted.

"I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do, Daisy. If at any time you don't like or want what I'm going to do, say 'red', and we'll discuss it," he said.

"Yes, Sir."

"I'm going to lubricate this cock, and then I'm going to do the same to your anus. You said it was a limit, and you were willing to test it."

"Yes, Sir."

"I'm going to fill your ass with this, and then I'm going to f**k you with my c**k inside your pu**y."

"Please, Sir," she said.

"From the look of your cum, you're desperate to feel a c**k inside you."

"Yes," she said.

William squeezed the lubrication out of the tube and using his fingers, pressed them against her tight little hole. He applied enough lubrication so it would not hurt her.

"Right, I need you to breathe in, Daisy." William pressed the tip of the c**k to the puckered hole of her ass. She took a breath. "Now I want you to push out." Daisy pushed then cried out as the tip eased past her tight muscles. He waited for several seconds to see if she would ask him to stop. She did not say a word to him.

Inch by inch, he eased the small device inside her ass until she'd got enough. William laid a kiss to her clit. "Good girl." He licked small circles around her bud.

When she was close to cl**axing he eased back, taking his c**k in his hand and running his length through her creamy slit.

"Daisy, do you want me to wear a condom?" he asked.

"No, I want to feel you inside me."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm not going anywhere, Sir."

God help him, he wanted inside her more than anything. He eased the head of his c**k into her tight cunt, feeling her muscles contract around his shaft as he pushed inside her. Their moans echoed off the walls as he slid up to the hilt inside her.

She moaned, and he growled. The c**k in her ass had tightened her pu**y a little more. Once she had a full c**k in her ass she'd be tighter than anything.

"I'm going to f**k you now. You're not allowed to come until I say so."

"Yes, Master."

William pulled out of her, watching his cock, slick with her juice, pull out of her pu**y. With one smooth thrust, he rammed inside her. She cried out in pleasure.

He repeated the thrusts watching as his c**k glisten each time with more of her cream. William watched the heat rise up inside her. The paleness of her flesh was covered in a heated blush. Her pu**y grew wetter with each thrust inside her. William rubbed her cl*t feeling her cunt tighten around his cock. He growled as he brought her to the edge. Daisy didn't cl**ax.

Her training was taking hold.

"Good girl," he said. He stroked her cl*t in a loving caress watching her eyes water as she held off her orgasm.

When he could no longer stand it he ordered her to come. She did with an almighty scream that made him f**k her harder, his own release seconds away. William pounded inside her until with one final shove, his seed exploded inside her waiting cunt.

Without waiting, he opened her restraints, removed the c**k from her ass and gathered her in his arms. William walked over to the couch in the corner near the window. The view was worth everything he'd spent on the property. It overlooked the trees and the beauty of Cape Falls.

Daisy did not speak a word. She held him as they sat together on the couch. William stroked her body relishing the feel of her so close to him.

"This is beautiful," she said.

"You're beautiful, Daisy. I'm pleased to share this with you." She looked up and smiled at him.

"What is going on inside that head of yours?" he asked.

"You always want control. You're hard-headed, and yet, you're comforting to me." She snuggled in close. "I'd do anything for you, William. My Master."

"Even submit to me in everything?"

"Yes."

Chapter Twelve

Edward was able to deal with the delivery problem and to bring in a few Doms of his own. Daisy refused to go back to work. The less she had to do with Cape Falls the better. Peter had taken back his old apartment. He began staying in town more while Daisy moved in with William. Her Master, the man who owned her heart, hadn't given her a choice. All of her possessions had been waiting for her to unpack when she woke up one morning. William was always up before her. Now her treasures were mixed in with William's stuff. It felt right to her. After spending most of her life feeling alone, she suddenly felt part of something. Like she had a place in the world no matter how minor it actually was.

David and Paul refused to let her disappear, and little by little she was developing a friendship with them. They had also agreed to find out who her father was. Paul and David Steer were starting the process to exhume all three of their fathers. They all wanted to know who her father was. Her brothers didn't like her working at a BDSM club even though they knew she was dating a Dom. She loved working behind the bar. What she loved even more was the way William reacted if one of the customers began flirting with her.

She knew it was only a matter of time before the club was up and running properly with scenes and couples visiting. Cape Falls had taken a bit of a back seat in trying to shut them down. Daisy believed the Steer brothers had something to do with that. There was a threat on several of the buildings where people worked. The fear of closing down had made people back off.

The time she loved the most was when William took her to their attic. William was a caring Master. She knew it in the way he held her. They'd spent many hours watching erotic p**n together. William enjoyed stroking her body as she watched couples f**k on screen. The more time she spent with him, the harder it was for her to let him go. She loved him with her whole heart. There was nothing she wanted in the world other than to see him smile. William had fitted in a hook where he could tie a length of rope around her hands and place it inside the hook, lifting her hands above her head with no way to touch herself. William would take her hard, wrapping her legs around him. She loved that the most. When he took control and she became part of him. The trust she felt at those times gave her a sense of peace that she'd never had in her whole life.

He was awakening her, and she loved every second of it.

On the third week William closed the club. Edward had gone away for a few weeks, and there were no customers. William cooked her a small dinner of steak and potatoes. It was nice but not filling. The candles were alight at the table. She felt he was preparing for something. Daisy didn't know what it was. He'd never spoken the three words she'd hoped to hear. He always kissed her after she said them, with a simple whisper of, 'I know'. She wore a small white dress that he'd picked out, and her red hair was loose behind her back.

"You're special to me, Daisy," he said.

"I know." She teased with a smile. He chuckled.

"I've got something I want to give you." The meal was finished.

"Okay."

"Stay seated."

She waited as he moved behind her and placed another blindfold over her eyes. "Do you trust me?"

"Yes," she said.

He took her hand, kissed her inside wrist, and helped her off her seat. She'd never been good with remembering. Daisy tried to know where he was leading her. His hand on her comforted her.

William stopped inside a room. She heard the crackling of the firewood. They were in the sitting room. The tie at the back of neck that held up the dress eased down her body. "I don't want you to remove that blindfold. When I want you to, I will tell you."

"Yes, William. Do I need to call you 'Master'?"

"No, pet. Not tonight. This is not about that."

He kissed her temple then removed the dress until it fell in a heap on the floor. William led her through to the main part of the room. "Open your legs."

She opened them. A hand eased between her thighs feeling her slit. Daisy whimpered. William knew how to touch her. Then a tongue replaced his fingers. She cried out struggling to stand.

The blindfold was removed, and both of William's hands were at her waist. She gazed down in alarm as Peter finger-fucked and licked her pu**y at the same time.

William kissed her neck as her body was flung into a whirlwind of sensation. She couldn't grasp anything other than what Peter's mouth was doing to her. "We talked about sharing, Daisy. I want to share you completely with Peter. He wants to be with us and enjoy you for tonight."

"Do you want this?" she asked.

"I know you want it, pet." William kissed her neck cutting off all thought as Peter sucked her cl*t into her mouth. She was na**d before both men. Peter thrust two fingers inside her, licking her clit.

They both pulled away, and she knelt down on the mound of pillows they'd supplied for her. She'd never been so struck with yearning. Peter stroked her body, pinching her ni**les as William removed all of his clothing and pulled her close.

"This is all about you, Daisy. Look at him. He wants to f**k you so damn badly that it makes him ache with need. Touch him, Daisy." She reached out cupping the hot shaft in her fist. Peter moaned, thrusting his h*ps up to her touch.

William kissed her neck, licking along from the base of her neck to her ear. His hands cupped her br**sts as she worked Peter. His c**k was oozing cum, and she swirled it around the head like her man had shown her.

"Grab a condom." William ordered Peter over her shoulder. "No man gets to be inside you bare but me."

Her pu**y contracted with need. She was so hot she thought she might self-combust. Peter fitted a condom into place then lay down along the pillows. "Go to him," William said. She crawled up Peter's lap until she straddled his thighs. Peter grabbed his length, and William eased her over Peter's c**k with his hands on her hips. She cried out as William slammed her down.

"I love you, pet," William said. Her eyes opened, and she turned to stare at him. No words came out as she looked at him. He cupped her cheek then kissed her lips. "I think now is the perfect time to tell you, Daisy. I love you with my whole heart, and I tell you that as another man is buried inside your tight cunt. You're my woman, and there is nothing in this world that I wouldn't do for you. I see the pleasure in your eyes, and I know it's because of me."

"I love you, too," she said, her hands wrapping around his neck as she kissed him.

"Lean forward, pet. I'm going to take your ass."

She was so happy. Her smile felt stuck in place as she leaned forward. Peter captured a nipple and sucked. Daisy moaned thrusting down on his length.

They were pushing her body to the limit. She had no way of staying sane.

William touched her ass. She felt his lubricated fingers, then heard the sound of the foil packet being torn open. Next, his mushroomed head pressed against her ass**le. Peter cupped her ass cheeks in his hands as William pressed inside her ass.

Daisy followed his instructions, breathing and then pushing out. He breached her tight muscles and then pressed all of his hard c**k inside her ass.

She had a c**k in her ass and cunt. Daisy felt full and horny. Both men stayed still as she grew accustomed to their length. Then each began to move, Peter first, followed by William. Her man touched her body, stroking her neck, br**sts and the sides of her body as he eased in and out of her.

At first her ass felt like it was burning . The pain was too intense, but then the pain lessened until William was thrusting his dick inside her, hard. She took it and Peter as they f**ked her together. The love she felt from William helped her to relax as both men shared her body.

"She's so damn tight," Peter said.

"I know. I can feel her ass pulling on me. You're going to come soon, pet."

His hand dove down between her thighs and teased the lips of her pu**y. He pushed a finger between her slit and rubbed.

Daisy came apart in seconds, her cl**ax taking her on a journey she'd never been. She saw the stars as the pleasure drove her crazy. She held onto Peter's arms as she came, pushing and grinding against both men for more. Peter cursed and paused on a thrust inside her. William bit down on her neck as she felt his c**k pulse, his se**n shooting inside the used condom. She collapsed against them. She was happy, content, and in love with William.

****

William pulled his unconscious woman off Peter. The other man used a towel to wipe his body before removing the condom.

"Thank you for doing this for me," William said.

"You really do love her."

"With my whole heart."

"I never thought a guy could love a woman with another man's dick inside her," Peter said.

"You come to learn how important it can be to love a woman, Peter. Love does not have to judge. Look at Dean and Laura. They're in love, and yet the odds have been against them for some time."

Peter swallowed. William knew the younger man had never gotten over his love for Laura.

"I'm going to leave before she wakes up."

"Take care, my friend."

William heard Peter leave and the sound of him locking the door behind him. He removed his c**k from Daisy's ass and cleaned her up as best he could before wrapping her in his arms. Several minutes later she opened her eyes with a smile.

"What happened?" she asked.

"I'd say you went to cloud nine."

She chuckled. "I love you."

"I love you, too, baby."

"I can't get over that," she said.

"What?"

"That you love me. I'll never forget you saying those words for the rest of my life."

"You're mine, Daisy. My woman for the rest of our lives."

"I wouldn't be anywhere else."

She snuggled in close staring up at him. He caressed her body, feeling the ache begin to build inside him once more.

"You look concerned," she said.

"I'm not concerned. I've got something to tell you."

Daisy sat up, her attention all on him. "What?"

"Don't look so panicked. I've been wanting to ask you for some time. Nothing ever felt right," he said.

"What do you want to ask me?"

He got up and moved toward his jacket, which was resting on the couch. William pulled out the ring he'd gotten made and then came back toward her. Her gaze moved from his hand to his face. William opened his hand, and there resting inside was the engagement ring he'd gotten especially made along with the small silver collar he'd bought got her.

"Daisy McAllister, I was wondering if you'd do me the honour of becoming my wife." He presented her with the small diamond ring. He'd asked for the words "His to Control" to be placed on the inside.

She took the ring and read the words. "This has a double meaning, right?" she asked.

"Yes, Control is the name of the club, and not only do I want you to be my wife, I want you to be my sub. It means when we go outside, you wear the ring as a band of ownership. You're mine."

He watched as she placed the ring on her finger. "I'd never be anyone else's."

"Good." He coughed to stop the tears from filling his eyes. "And when you're in the club, I was wondering if you'd wear this." William held up the silver collar. It was a delicate design of small chains with the charm of a coiled rope. It reminded him of their first Dominant and submissive meeting where he'd tied her to his bed. That night had so much meaning to him. He'd wanted to cement it forever around her neck.

She lifted the hair off her neck and presented her back to him. "I would love to wear your collar."

William slipped the chain around her neck then pulled her back.

"I love you, Daisy, and I will love you for the rest of my life."

"And I will love you for the rest of my life, William."

He felt her relax against him. Together they stared into the burning fire. He'd hold onto her for the rest of his life. She was worth more to him than any precious jewel or loving memory.

She owned his heart, and for the rest of their lives, Daisy would be his.

Epilogue

Peter locked the apartment door behind him. It was growing colder as the winter months were starting to close in. He turned the heating on then the hot water. In a few minutes he'd be able to take a much needed bath. When William had asked him to share Daisy, he'd thought he was insane. He'd seen the love his friend and boss had for Daisy. It was the same kind of love he felt for Laura.

Don't do it, man. Don't go there.

He'd been closing his feelings off for some time. The thought of being around Laura and seeing how happy she was hurt him. He loved her so damn much, and he'd spent a great deal of time wasting his feelings away. If only he hadn't been so anxious to fit in at school it might have worked. Nothing mattered. She was happily married with a couple of kids. Dean was never going to give his wife up. He loved her just as much as Peter did. Dean was a big time author. He made a great deal of money and wrote some pretty erotic books.

Peter respected the guy even if he didn't like him most of the time.

He was about to go into the bath-tub when a knock came at the door. Peter growled in frustration and then decided to open it. He went to the door unlocked it and was about to shout when he saw a teary-eyed Laura on his doorstep.

The moment he saw the tears he pulled her into his arms. "What's the matter?" he asked. Her tears always undid him. It was the hardest thing he'd ever dealt with.

"I-I-I need to talk to someone. I've got no one else, and they wouldn't understand." Peter pulled her inside then locked the door.

"Where are the little ones?" he asked.

"At home with Dean. I had to come and see you. I didn't know what else to do," Laura said.

He sat down on the sofa staring at her. She was so beautiful with all her hair falling wildly around her shoulders. Peter shook his head. She didn't need him to be gawking at her like some love-struck teenager.

"What's the matter?" he asked. "Does Dean know you're here?"

"I think he does. I told him I need time to think. He says everything is fine, but I'm not sure any more. He keeps everything from me now."

Peter was confused. "I haven't seen you guys in a while. Start from the beginning."

"I thought Dean was having an affair. He was always going away on his trips, and then he was distant when he came back. I was so scared. We've been fighting a lot more, and I wanted another baby, but he doesn't want one." She licked her lips. Peter took her hand as the tears began to fall faster. "I accused him of having an affair. We screamed, and he convinced me he wasn't having an affair."

"Okay, so why are you coming to me, Laura? Hire a private investigator or something."

"That's not all of it. I can't handle this, Peter. It is too much."

"What?" he asked.

"A couple of days ago we were fighting again. The kids were at school and nursery. We were yelling, and I asked why he didn't want another baby. I asked if it was my body and everything."

Peter stared at her curves. Even after giving birth she looked sexy to him. He'd love to see her naked.

Dude, now is not the time. Laura needs you.

"What happened?"

"He told me there were not going to be any more children. I asked him why, and he said he wouldn't father any more children when he wouldn't be around to raise them."

"What do you mean?"

"Dean has been going away saying they were business trips for his writing, but he lied. The doctors found something on his last check-up. Cancer, I think. He won't go into details. He doesn't know if he'll even have a future, Peter. Dean may be dying, and I'm so angry at him for keeping me in the dark. What am I going to do, Peter? I need to talk to someone. I can't handle this. I love him too much to risk losing him. What am I going to do?" She broke down, the tears falling thick and fast.

Peter wrapped his arms around her. He rocked her as her heart-breaking sobs consumed her. He stared out at the apartment and wondered what he could do. After some time passed there was another knock at the door. He left Laura to open the door. Dean stood on the other side looking like he'd seen death.

"Is she here?" Dean asked.

"Is it true?"

Dean hesitated for a split second and then nodded his head.

Peter took a breath and opened his door. "You'd better come inside."

The End

