Chapter One

Stephen Knox stared at his friend Cadeon Ashwood where he sat across the room with his woman, Violet, who sat in his lap. It had been three months since some sick f**k had tried to take Violet and use her as a sex slave in his prostitution business. Fortunately, with the help of other members at the exclusive club, Violet had been saved.

Stephen took another long drink of his whiskey over ice, wondering what the draw was to his own club. Many men joined this club because of the possessive way they felt towards women. The consuming need inside them to mark their women as their own dominated any other need. Some of the men referred to themselves as "The Owners". Stephen chuckled behind his glass. There were times he wondered why he didn't close the club down. Watching the men with their women made him aware of how little he actually had in life. Being a wealthy businessman no longer made the grade for him. He lifted his empty glass to the woman working behind the bar. She nodded her head, filled another glass, and then took him the refill. Stephen took the glass, turning his gaze to the woman on stage. Her voice was pleasant to listen to, but she would never make it as a singer.

Cadeon joined him while Violet disappeared out of the room.

"You're looking grumpy," Cadeon said.

"And I don't recognise you without your woman in your lap." Stephen drained the whiskey and raised his glass for more.

"You're drinking too much."

Stephen shot him a look, one of his don't-fucking-mess-with-me looks. "I'm older than you. Don't start with me. You're sounding like a nagging wife."

"You're five years older than I, Stephen. There is nothing you can say to me to shut me up."

"I'll take away your membership and ban you from this club and get a word against you in Ravage." He'd do it. His reputation for being a hard-ass hadn't been earned out of thin air.

Cadeon did not get a chance to comment as Tate and Kevin took their seats around his table. The two men looked utterly depressed.

"What's wrong with you two?" Stephen asked. He couldn't believe they were invading his space. Couldn't he have two moments of peace and quiet?

Each man glared at him before they signalled to the woman behind the bar for another drink. Sean joined them last, looking pissed off.

Stephen ignored him and went back to his drink, which the woman handed straight to him.

"Do you have any idea what it's like trying to date the woman you love inside a house? Rebecca refuses to even try to leave her home," Tate said.Stephen ignored him and went back to his quiet drink. He began thinking about the young woman he'd just hired to clean his house and cook his meals. Ursula Mills was a charming twenty-two-year-old college woman with an attitude, who did nothing but talk when she was in his company. She talked non-stop about anything, her courses that she was studying in college or a book she'd finished. There really was no stopping her.

She had the most beautiful deep brown hair he'd ever seen. Her hair looked similar to the shade of mahogany wood. When he'd told her his thoughts about the colour of her hair, she'd given him a death stare.

"My hair is not made out of wood," she'd said with that stern, authoritative tone. He chuckled, thinking about the way she had placed her hand on her generous hip while she had glared at him. It had been years since a woman had had the courage to glare at him. If she'd been his woman, he would have taken her over his knee and spanked that full ass days ago.

"Someone looks like he's in a nice place," Cadeon said, pulling him out of his musings. "What are you thinking about?"

"Nothing."

"You don't look like the type of man to be chuckling about nothing."

Stephen glared at Cadeon and refused to comment. The singing stopped, and he watched the woman leave the table. He couldn't recall her name as he employed so many people to work at Club Possession. He drained his glass and stood. His ride would be waiting outside for him. Usually he stayed to the last client left, but tonight he wanted to get home. Ursula had promised to cook his dinner for eight o'clock.

"See you tomorrow, gentlemen." Stephen shook their hands then turned 'round and left.

He went back to his office where Lucas Sanchez stood waiting for him. He'd met the guy a few months back when Sean had introduced him. The guy wanted to join the club, but he didn't have the income to match the rules. Stephen had liked the guy on the first meeting but knew he couldn't break the rules to allow him access. However, giving him a job as an assistant manager meant Lucas could work and get all the perks for being Stephen's right-hand man. There was some bad blood between Sean and Lucas. Stephen hadn't asked. He didn't want to get between them.

"What's the matter, Lucas?" he asked, grabbing his coat from his chair.

"Another ten requests for members to join, along with a further petition for you to build a playroom downstairs instead of having the self-defence room." Lucas handed him the files. Stephen glared down at the petition. There were over fifty names on the form.

"Fucking playroom. That's what Ravage is f**king for." He threw the file on his desk. There was a reason he didn't have dominance playrooms. It was an agreement that his father and the previous owner of the BDSM club had arranged. If couples played in their private room then fine, but to have a public room was against that written agreement. "I'm sick and tired of men thinking they can run my own club."

Lucas didn't say a word. He rarely did.

"I'll talk to James to try to get him to allow more people to join his club."

"I doubt he will. James won't allow just anyone to join. They have to go through many tests," Lucas said.

"Are you a member?"

"Yes. I'm a Master at the club. Money is not a requirement for him. You have to have the skills to punish and care for a submissive. I have those skills."

Stephen could only imagine. He was a member of Ravage, but he preferred to play with a woman in private. "I'll deal with this tomorrow. Keep an eye on everything, and make sure nothing gets out of hand. I'll see you tomorrow."

He left out of the back door where his allocated driver was waiting. Sitting in the back, he relaxed. No conversation passed between the driver and him. He welcomed the quiet more than conversation. Thirty minutes later his driver pulled up outside his gate and pressed the code before driving down the long road to get to the front of his house. This was the house that had been passed down to the first-born son of the next generation. If he didn't get a son soon he wouldn't have an heir to pass down the club and the Knox family legacy. He dismissed the driver and walked inside. The moment he walked inside his house the scent of garlic and basil assailed his nose. His mouth watered, and he moved in the direction of the kitchen.

"Ouch. Motherfucker." He heard Ursula curse, followed by a hiss. Stephen smiled, opened the door, and leaned against the wall watching her.

She was draining some pasta, licking her thumb as she watched the water drain away. Ursula had pulled her hair back in a ponytail while she cooked. She wore a simple red shirt and a pair of jeans. Her full, luscious body was outlined for him to gaze at. Most women were completely obsessed with their weight and the need to be a size zero. Ursula was all curves and nothing bony about her. Her tits were large, and she had a small waist spilling out to full hips. She turned 'round, showing him her ass. He wondered how she would fill his hand. Then he imagined her above him, riding his c**k as he cupped her ass in his hands.

Fucking pervert. She's younger than you. You shouldn't be thinking about her like that.

Stephen pulled away from the wall with the intent of letting her know he was home.

"Evening, Stephen. You know instead of watching you could pick up that spoon and begin stirring," she said.

Stephen smiled. He would love to spank her ass.

****

Ursula smacked her employer with a spoon before grabbing the pasta and pouring it into the tomato sauce. Some of the juice splattered Stephen's crisp white shirt. He glared at her. She smiled sweetly at him. From the look on his face, she imagined he'd never gotten food stains on his shirt. His stomach was hard and flat, with no presence of a beer belly.

Not like there is on Paul.

Stop comparing your boss to your boyfriend. There is no way he would ever go with you.

She kept up the inner scolding until she no longer pictured Stephen naked. No man had ever made her want him, until her boss.

At least Stephen has a job.

Stop it, Ursula.

One of her biggest shocks had been when Paul walked in and told her she needed to get a job to pull her weight in paying the bills. He'd lost his job for a reason he still hadn't told her.

"You know that will be coming out of your salary," he said.

She burst out laughing. He made so many threats that he never saw through. "Next time you should wear an apron. One of those aprons with the na**d br**sts on the outside. That would be something I'd pay to see." She chuckled at the image in her mind.

"Come here, you." He grabbed her from behind and began to tickle her. Overcome by fits of laughter, she tried to fight him off. They ended up on the floor with him on top of her. "Say 'submit'," he said.

"No."

He tickled her tummy. She pulled on his hands. In the next moment her hands were locked under his grip above her head. He was so close. His breath was on her face. He smelt like whiskey and something deeply masculine that she couldn't put a name to. Their laughter died down as they stared at each other. Ursula was aware of her legs wrapped around his waist. Her pu**y pressed against the front of his suit pants. She felt the length of him pushing against her.

Embarrassed at her reaction she began to wiggle in his hold.

"Don't move," he said. She stopped, staring into his dark brown eyes. He held her captive in his gaze. The tension between them mounted with every passing second. They kept their gazes on each other for ages. She didn't know how much time had passed until the scent of burning overcame her.

"The food is burning," she said.

He let go of her hands giving her enough room to slide out.

"It's not the only thing that's burning." She was sure she heard him mutter those words. Instead of asking him to repeat what he said, she left him alone, pulling the pan off the heat.

"I don't think I can salvage this." She tasted some of the sauce and winced at the acrid, burnt taste. "There is no way I can salvage this."

Stephen stood, leaning 'round her to taste himself. He winced and spat it back out. "I'll make us a sandwich if you get rid of that."

Nodding her head, she got rid of the pan, putting lots of warm water in the saucepan to help clean it later.

They ate their food in silence. He stood by her side while she finished doing the dishes. She felt him close behind her. The desire to turn round, wrap her hands around his neck, and kiss him was intense. She didn't feel this need with Paul. His touch repulsed her, whereas with Stephen she wanted more. Stephen was older than she by a good twenty years. He would never want someone like her. She was uncultured and worked for him.

Stop thinking about him.

"I'm going to go. I'll see you tomorrow." He nodded and saw her out. Sometimes he drove her home. She knew it would be inappropriate to ask him. The scent of whiskey on his breath made her aware of his inability to drive. She walked home. The darkness never scared her. She wrapped her coat around her trying to keep the chill out.

Ursula took her time to walk about to her small apartment. Paul had become violent in the last few weeks and verbally abusive. Nothing she did was ever good enough for him. She'd rather not go home than wonder what he'd been up to. Most days he spent his time in front of the television with bottles of beer getting drunk.

Too soon she was standing outside her building and then her own door. The sound of the television could be heard outside. Taking a deep breath, she put her key in the lock and let herself in.

"Is that you?" he shouted at her. The slurring in his voice let her know he was drunk.

"I'm home." She walked into the front room. When she saw what he had on she blushed. A woman was being f**ked by three men. His p**n collection could rival a bloody sex shop. She hated watching the stuff. There was no emotion or connection between the people on the screen. The sex was being acted out.

She took his empty bottles in order to put them in the trash.

"Get your fat ass out of the way." He pushed her aside making her stumble. She caught herself in time, shooting him a glare.

"If you got rid of them yourself I wouldn't have to," she said.

"What the f**k did you just say?" She turned 'round in time to see him slam her against the counter. A cry left her lips. He grabbed her wrist and squeezed the bones.

"Let me go," she said. The way he was gripping her wrist felt like he was going to break the bone. Biting her lip, she waited for him to let her go. He liked doing this, asserting his authority and letting her know who held all the power.

"You f**king fat bitch. You should be grateful I took you on. No man would look at your ugly face twice." She knew he was drunk, but his words hurt so much. There was a time he'd whisper sweet words in her ear, and then he'd make love to her. She couldn't remember the last time he'd been nice to her. Tears sprang to her eyes as she waited for him to let her go.

He slammed her wrist on top of the counter, laughing at her, then walked away. She pulled her the tie out of her hair then went to shower.

Under the warm spray she let the tears fall and the sobs release. When she was with Stephen, all of her home problems left her. She knew she had to leave Paul even though at times he could be so sweet. The sweetness was gone and being quickly replaced by nastiness. The water ran cold making her get out. She walked into the bedroom to find it empty. Sending a little prayer skywards, she dressed in some pajamas then got under the covers. An hour later Paul joined her, palming her breast and kissing her neck.

"I have a headache. You'll have to use your hand," she said, pushing him away. He'd never forced her to sleep with him. Paul muttered, leaving the bed. Seconds later she heard another p**n o and his unmistakable grunting.

Closing her eyes, more tears fell. She didn't know how to get rid of him. Ursula fell asleep thinking about her boss and wondering what his touch against her body would be like. Her obsession with him would lose her her job.

"Get yourself together, Ursula."

Chapter Two

The following day Stephen was working out in his gym when James gave him a call. For the whole of the night he hadn't been able to get Ursula out of his mind. Her lush body pressed against his was seared in his mind. She filled his hands completely. Never before had a woman given him enough time to let go like she did. He took the call feeling the growl in his voice and his body at being disrupted. She wouldn't be 'round till four, and he wanted to be home to greet her.

"What?" he asked.

"Am I interrupting some playtime? I didn't know you had a sub at the moment." The teasing from the other man pissed him off. He didn't have the head to deal with ass**les, especially when he craved to a f**k a woman he couldn't have.

Why can't you? You're her boss. Force her to.

He shook away the thought. Stephen had never forced a woman. He wasn't used to the fact that she wasn't falling at his feet for more. Being a wealthy man had made him impatient and expectant.

"Don't start. What do you want?" he asked, wiping the sweat off his face with a towel.

"I talked to Lucas last night and thought I'd tell you not to bother asking. I'm not accepting every f**ker into my club who think they're a Dom. We both know it takes a lot to be an expert, and not every man or woman has it," James said.

"I made it as a suggestion. I've got petitions up my ass for a f**king playroom in my club. Give me a break for trying." He threw the towel away then walked out of his gym. Most days he worked from home. The Knox holdings didn't need his constant attention. He had a board of directors whom he met with in order to keep on top of everything. There were only a few people he'd gotten rid of since taking over from his father.

"I already have a day every week where demonstrations take place. They're crammed full of the people I keep refusing admission to regularly."

Stephen switched the light off, making his way downstairs. "If these petitions don't stop I'm going to have to start revoking membership from Possession. I personally don't think many men are truly that possessive over their women. I mean, look what happened to Rebecca Black." He referred to the woman who had been abused by one of their members. They never talk about it, but it was the reason they had started to make more cut-backs on memberships. There were too many people who abused the clubs for their own sadistic means.

"Speaking of old members, Sean has been visiting Ravage asking lots of questions. He's starting to upset a lot of customers."

Stephen cursed. He knew there was a past to Sean, but he didn't want to know about it. "I'll deal with it."

"Warn him that if he comes into my club again asking questions I'll have him removed," James said.

"You are aware we haven't agreed on anything," Stephen said.

"I know, but we've agreed there are too many applications. I think we need to meet and decide on what we should do next."

Stephen made the necessary arrangements as he entered his office. He opened the blind and the window allowing some cold fresh air to come in. When they said their goodbyes, he threw his mobile on the desk. He was getting sick and tired of dealing with something he no longer believed in. Sean was becoming a problem with his own f**king past. Running his fingers through his hair, he started up the computer and pulled the contact information for Sean up. He dialled the number and wasn't surprised when Sean didn't answer. Stephen called Lucas, telling him to go and check on Sean with the same information that James had given him.

Lucas hung up agreeing to go. Stephen turned away from his computer to look out over his garden. He saw Rick the gardener trimming back some dark green bush. Stephen didn't like gardening and couldn't care for the work.

Spinning back, he stared at the picture of his father and mother on the wall. When his father had died Stephen couldn't bring himself to take the double portrait down. His father had loved his mother in such a possessive, consuming way that Stephen had thought it was possible to love a woman in such a way. After the last twenty-plus years, he'd come to see it was a waste of time. No woman had ever left him with such deep yearning or with the feeling he would rather kill someone before letting them touch his woman. The women he'd been with, he'd shared with other men. There was none of the instinct his father talked about. He didn't mind watching another man sink his c**k into a woman's cunt. Since none of the emotions his father had was inside him, he found Club Possession hard to deal with. At some point he thought it was jealousy at the fact other men had a woman they felt possessive of.

"Why the f**k did you leave me this shit?" he said to the painting. There was no answer, and he grunted in exasperation while walking out of his office. He usually hired several cleaners and cooks, but since meeting Ursula, he liked only having the one woman inside his house. Stephen lost count of the number of women he'd found inside his bed wanting to be seduced. He picked his own women and his own playthings. Every part of his life, he found a reason to moan. Life never used to be like that. He loved being part of the whole world where he could walk into a room and command attention instantly. There was a time where he used to sleep with other men's wives and mistresses just because he could. When he looked back on those times, he felt himself sneering at his own attitude. He never cared if anyone liked him. The only thing he cared about was getting his own way.

There was some orange juice with the label "drink me" on it. He noticed Ursula's handwriting immediately. Turning the label over he saw the added message, "You need to stop drinking whiskey. Otherwise you'll end up like this". There was a picture of a stick man with a large belly on his back looking sick.

Stephen burst out laughing. She really did have a sense of humour. He checked the time and saw there were a few hours until she arrived for the afternoon.

He decided to go and pay Cadeon a visit. Stephen rarely visited members of the club at their home, but he'd made friends with a few members.

After a quick shower and changing into another white shirt and pants, he grabbed his car keys and drove. The shirt from the night before had been put in the bin. There was no way he'd be able to clean tomato juice from the fabric. They were expensive shirts. He would never dock her pay. One of the few pleasures in his life was Ursula. She would probably laugh at him.

He pulled up outside Cadeon's house and saw his friend's car in the driveway. The gate was open. He put the car into park. Stephen was getting out of the car as the front door opened. Violet stood looking at him. Seconds later, Cadeon walked up behind her, circling his arms around his woman's waist. Stephen watched him speak to her, and then she left with a blush on her face.

"She still doesn't like me?" he asked.

"Violet doesn't understand you." Cadeon came down the few steps to greet him.

"What's not to understand?" He shook his friend's hand, looking over his shoulder to see if Violet was there.

"She's gone to put the kettle on for you."

"I'm surprised you haven't got her tied up or something."

"Violet is not ready for that," Cadeon said.

"And you're fine with waiting?"

"I love her, Stephen. If she's never ready, then I'm fine with that." They walked into the house together. "She doesn't know why, for someone with as much wealth as you, you're so miserable. There is a woman out there for you. She doesn't know why you are not looking. She came from nothing but fear. You came from nothing but love, and yet you're both the complete opposite about life."

Cadeon stopped talking when they entered the kitchen. Stephen took a seat at the counter as his friend went to his woman. His arms went around her waist once again, and he fell to kissing her neck. The love between the two could not be ignored. Stephen felt like he'd been punched in the gut. He would never feel that with anyone. Violet closed her eyes and leaned back into Cadeon's touch. The trust on her face was something Stephen had never seen with her. She and Cadeon had fought for everything they had together.

Cadeon pulled away. "We can sit at the table."

Stephen followed him into the other room. Violet came through with the drinks. She placed one in front of Stephen then two in front of Cadeon. Before she moved away, his friend caught her round the waist, sitting her on his lap. He seemed to be fascinated by her waist.

Stephen thought about Ursula. She was a full woman like Violet, and she had a small, rounded tummy. He smiled thinking about last night only to stop short at the fact she had a boyfriend at home. Violet tapped his friend's hand then got up, taking her cup, and left.

"I didn't mean to interrupt your time together."

"Don't worry about it. We've got the rest of our life together. You're here to visit. What's the problem?"

Stephen took a sip of coffee. He only wanted his friend's company, but he might be able to sort out the problems at the club. Cadeon was a businessman after all.

****

Lucas was pissed off. The mornings were his time to himself. This time he had to find that bastard, Sean. The other man always had a way of spoiling his fun or at least the small amount of fun he could get these days. He pulled up outside Sean's house and knew the place would be trashed. Lucas was sick and tired of dealing with his shit. Turning the engine off, he walked through the door and was overwhelmed by the stench of cigarette smoke, stale food, and whiskey. There was broken furniture around every room. Lucas knew Sean had no relationship with his parents. He knew they'd set Sean up with a trust fund for him. The other man could spend the rest of his life in luxury, but he took high risk missions by being a bloody operative. That was how Lucas had met Sean, and that was how Sean had met Isabella, his sister. His hands tightened into fists at the memory of her phone call. For the last five years he'd done everything in his power to try to get her back. They had no idea where she was. Sean had promised him he'd find her and bring her home. A groan came from the room on the left. Walking over the broken bits of a chair and stand Lucas found Sean coming 'round on the couch. It looked like he'd been run over by a truck. Blood had dried on his face from a cut on the eyebrow and lip. There was bruising over the left side of his face. He wore a stained shirt. An ashtray was overflowing with docked out butts. Lucas leaned against the wall and watched the man before him.

"What do you want?" Sean asked.

"I'm surprised you're alert enough to know who it is," Lucas said.

"There is something about your condescending stare. I can feel it on me like a load of maggots."

This was classic Sean. He insulted others around him when he failed. "I take it a night at Ravage and you're still nowhere near finding Isabella?" Saying her name still made his heart ache with wanting. She'd been so open and innocent. He knew if they ever found her it would be a miracle. If Lucas was honest with himself, he knew they'd never find her. She'd been taken by people who bought and sold women for sport. How she had managed to get mixed up with that he'd never know.

"What can I say? No one wants to talk to me. I'm getting close, I know." Sean looked completely obsessed verging on mad. Moving closer into the room, Lucas almost threw up when he saw a pile of sick in the corner.

"You smell like an ashtray and look worse. Also, if you go back to the club asking questions James has said he'll ban you from Ravage for good. You know how hard it is to get your application accepted. Don't be an ass**le, Sean. Stop causing trouble."

"I'm close, Lucas. I'll get her back. I promised you I'd get her back."

Staring around him Lucas came to a decision. He stared at the man who used to be one of his dearest friends. "Sean. She's not coming back. You've got to let it go." He didn't want to say the words. After five years without a word Lucas knew Isabella was lost to them. He hoped she was happy. He couldn't bring himself to think of her dead in a ditch with no one caring to lay her to rest properly.

"Don't say shit like that, Lucas. I'll find her. Killing Dominic wasn't the smartest move. I can feel we're close."

"She's gone, Sean."

"No. Don't say crap like that to me. I'm going to get her back. Just give me more time."

Lucas hated this. Staring round at the chaos, he knew his friend had lost all sense of reality. Sean needed to face the fact Isabella was gone and never coming back. "I know you don't want to deal with this, but if you don't stop looking, James and Stephen will ban you from the clubs. I've accepted she's not coming back. You need to as well."

Silence met his words. Lucas waited to see what the other man's reactions would be. Sean threw the contents of the table all over the floor. His rage knew no bounds. Lucas stayed to watch the destruction. He knew Sean had to get this out. Isabella, his youngest sister, needed to be laid to rest even though it killed him to admit defeat.

"I never should have let her go," Sean said, sinking to his knees amongst the mess.

"You did, and now she's gone. Get yourself together. This is the last time I'm coming here." He turned to leave then stopped. Fisting his hands at his side he glanced over his shoulder. "Isabella would hate to see you like this." He left with his words ringing around Sean's head. At least he hoped they were.

Chapter Three

At four o'clock Ursula let herself into Stephen's house with the spare key he'd given her. She had no idea what happened to all the other cleaners he used to employ. There was no need to dwell on the other helpers. This job meant she could finish college and live comfortably. Or as comfortably as someone could with an abusive slob. She shuddered, thinking about the mess Paul had gotten himself into the night before.

She'd woken up to find him lying in the chair, c**k out and splattered se**n over the furniture.

If she didn't faint at the sight of blood she'd have chopped his dick off to teach him a lesson about making a mess. Instead, she'd gotten immense pleasure out of smacking two saucepans together to wake him up. Petty emotions but a girl had to get her kicks out of something in life.

There hadn't been a car in the driveway. She closed the door, put her coat and bag where Stephen had told her to. Walking through to the kitchen, she prepared some food then began to do the cleaning. Pulling out her phone, she put her headphones in her ears, turned on the music and began to dance. She loved dancing. Ursula moved round the house, cleaning, allowing the beat of the music to take over. Her singing voice left a lot to be desired, but with the music pounding in her ears she didn't need to listen to the sound of her own voice.

She rocked her h*ps to the dance beat, singing as loud as she could. In one hand she held a feather duster, and with the other, she pretended to have a microphone to sing into.

In her rare solitary moments, she could pretend to be someone different. In her mind she didn't have a lame-ass boyfriend or spend most of her time daydreaming about the future.

She twirled round, screamed and fell on her ass to the floor. Stephen went to her, helping her to her feet. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you," he said. Ursula knew the damage was done. The laughter in his eyes along with the smile confirmed her suspicions. He was laughing at her.

"You could wear a bell you know."

"Are you sure you could hear me?"

The heat spread in her cheeks. "So, you could have done the gentlemanly thing and left." She got to her feet, rubbing her butt.

"I never said I was a gentleman."

"You live in a mansion. You reek of money and silver spoon crap. You're a gentleman." She cried out as he caught her h*ps in his grip, pulling her against him. He placed his hands under hers cupping her butt. She felt the press of his c**k against her stomach. Her mouth went dry while her pu**y grew wet with want.

"I may have money, but never mistake me for being a gentleman. When I see what I want, I take it no matter what the consequences are." His voice captured her attention making it hard for her to look away.

Biting her lip, she stared at him, conscious of the possessive way his hand moved down the seam of her ass. She got the sense if the fabric weren't there he'd be running in between her cheeks. He buried his face in the curve of her neck. She tilted her head to the side to get him closer. Goose-bumps erupted on her arms. Her breathing changed as her ni**les grew hard. The bra she'd chosen this morning felt too tight when her ni**les swelled with arousal.

He kissed her neck, causing her to moan. Every touch felt amazing. She was not the woman with the jerk-off boyfriend. She was Ursula Mills, a woman with needs. Slowly, he kissed up her neck to her cheek. One of his hands moved from her ass to cup her cheek. The tenderness in his touch was not lost on her. His thumb rubbed her bottom lip pulling it out from between her teeth. "You'll hurt yourself if you keep doing that," he said.

The sound of the telephone ringing interrupted the moment. She turned her attention away looking over his shoulder. His body remained wrapped around hers. Their reflection in the mirror over on the far wall caught her attention. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail. He'd caught her up in his arms, pushing her br**sts high up. She looked like a seductress with a fat ass.

Don't let that jerk invade this moment. Stephen doesn't see you like that. Feel his c**k pressed against your belly. He wants you.

You want him, too.

She shook her head, pushing on his chest to break their contact. He let her go, and she sensed he let her go with great reluctance. "You'd better answer the phone." She picked up her phone, which had fallen out of her pocket during her fall.

He stared at her for several moments then left. Only when he left the room did she let her breath out. Her hands were shaking from what had taken place. They hadn't kissed, yet her lips looked red and swollen. Turning away, she began to clean. The scent of her cooking assailed her, so she put her cleaning supplies away and made her way to the kitchen. Stephen was seated at the counter on the phone. She ignored him, going to the over to check on the chicken. His conversation sounded like work. Turning away she went to the pantry to gather ingredients to finish off the chicken.

When she entered the kitchen, she saw he'd begun to chop some tomato and cucumber for the salad. "Will you be joining me today?" he asked.

"If you want me to."

Stephen caught her cheek getting her to look at him. "I want you to eat with me. I like your company."

"Then I'll eat with you." She moved away to grab the chicken from the oven. Coming back to the counter she saw him cutting the cucumber wrong. "Don't do it like that." Ursula leaned over showing him how to get the watery seeds out of the centre. In doing so, the long sleeved blouse she'd been wearing came up from the stretch, exposing her bruised wrist. She didn't have time to cover it up before he caught her wrist, holding it up to inspect.

"It's nothing," she said, trying to extract her hand from him.

"Nothing? This looks like somebody squeezed your wrist, Ursula." He refused to let her go. She turned to face him staring into his questioning gaze.

"It's nothing." She repeated the words and hated herself for it. "It was an accident."

"Are you going to tell me you walked into a wall or perhaps accidentally walked into a bear and the bear got so angry he squeezed your wrist and slammed it down?" His anger echoed off the walls.

"You don't need to be sarcastic. Bears are nowhere near here." She tried to brush it off by talking about something else. He wasn't having any of it.

"Cut the crap, Ursula. I never took you for a fool, so don't start acting like one." He cupped her cheek again. "You're a strong woman. Don't let this jerk abuse you."

"He's not."

"Don't-"

"No. Listen. He's going through a tough time, and he's not got a job, and everything is getting him down, and-stop me because I'm making excuses for him, aren't I?" she asked. Turning away from him, she took the seat at the counter. She dropped her head in her hands as her predicament came at her from all angles. He put his hands on her shoulders. She shouldn't be gaining so much comfort from his touch. Their relationship was strictly professional.

A professional relationship doesn't make a woman wet between the legs.

Shut up.

She never used to have long conversations with herself.

"If I don't end this, will it only get worse?" she asked aloud. She knew the answer. One of her courses delved into human psychology. She knew enough to know that if she didn't take action, Paul's actions could escalate further. What had started out as verbal abuse had turned into something physical. She wasn't stupid. Her choices were right in front of her.

"You clearly don't need me to be the older person with reasoning."

She lifted up to look at him. "He used to be really sweet."

"Do you love him?" he asked.

Ursula thought about it. No, she didn't love him. There were times she liked being around him just to have someone else in her life. She didn't talk to her parents. They didn't like her decision to leave with Paul. They'd never liked him. She wondered if they saw the guy he really was while she'd been filled with her high-school crush.

"No. I don't love him."

Stephen moved away from her. She missed his touch the moment he left. Biting her lip, she stared down at her hands to keep herself from begging him to touch her. A begging female was never pretty. She gazed back up when she heard some rustling. Stephen was leaning on the counter writing on a piece of paper.

"Here are all my numbers. I know you have the house number, but you can reach me at all of these. Call me if it gets bad or you need help with anything."

She took the piece of paper from him. On closer inspection she saw it was a card. Turning it over she saw his name under the word "Possession".

"What's Possession?" she asked.

He cursed, took the card from her, and scribbled out the word. "Nothing. Just some business cards that came out wrong."

Ursula stared at the card. "Are you sure this is okay? I don't want to take any of your time or anything."

Stephen reached for her hand. "You don't have any family in the area. I would never forgive myself if anything happened to you."

"Why?" she asked. The moment she said the word she wished she could take it back. She didn't want to know if it was some gentlemanly obligation.

"I have no idea. I know I want you to be safe."

With his last words hanging between them, he let go and began chopping the salad. She put the card into her jeans pocket. Minutes later they were sitting eating their meal, but something was different.

Ursula didn't linger afterwards. She finished her chores and left before he had the chance to do anything else. Usually she stayed until he got back from wherever he went. This time, she walked the short distance home. Paul was in his chair again with another p**n o on the television. She didn't even attempt to make conversation.

She went straight through to her bathroom, took a long bath, then dressed once she was finished. Sitting on her bed, she took the card out of her pocket. For some reason she didn't think this was a wrongly printed business card. Ursula grabbed her out-of-date laptop and settled on the bed.

Staring at the card she typed in Possession, Stephen Knox, and a question mark. Her internet connection was bad, so it took a few minutes to load up. The sound of moaning from the other room made her roll her eyes. She couldn't believe how much of that jerk she'd put up with.

The search came back with nothing. Frowning, she typed in her boss's name, and lots of information popped up. Feeling annoyed at her interest, she shut down her laptop before putting the card away. She knew unless it was an emergency she'd never use it. Ursula kept it just in case the time came she would need to. Paul was an ass**le, but he was stronger than she. She would be useless against him if he started on her.

She closed her eyes thinking about Stephen's c**k pressed against her stomach and the feel of him kissing her neck.

****

Stephen could have cursed himself for giving her a card with the name of the club on it. He was so f**king stupid at times. Watching her leave had been hard. He couldn't stay in the house knowing what it felt like to have her so close to him, and yet she wasn't his. Grabbing his keys he went to his car.

Drinking would be out of the equation with him taking his car. He drove the distance to where his club was. Stephen typed in the twelve digit number, and the gates opened immediately for him. Parking the car he got out and went 'round the back. He didn't need to enter through the front. Lucas was waiting for him when he walked into his office.

"Have you got some kind of monitor on me to know when I'm on the move?" he asked, taking his seat behind the desk.

"When your number comes through from the gate I get notified. It's extra security I installed for added protection."

"A little much, don't you think?" Stephen sat down looking at the several piles of files on his desk. "What's all this?"

"Member requests, petitions, and complaints. Also, I got a call from a Mr. Black who asked to speak with you," Lucas said.

Stephen looked up, surprised by the name. "Did he give a first name?"

"Yes." Lucas looked down at his notes. Impatient, Stephen began tapping his desk. "Lloyd Black. Does the name ring a bell?"

"Fucking bastard." Stephen slammed back his chair and started to pace. He had hoped to never hear that name again. "I think you need to bring Tate, Kevin, and Cadeon in here."

"Sean won't accept being left behind."

"Then bring him in. Did you speak to that f**ker?"

Lucas nodded. Stephen looked down at his desk and saw the note for Lloyd Black with a phone number underneath. He wished he could have stayed at home, convincing Ursula to stay with him. Running his fingers through his hair he continued his pacing. He needed to clear his head.

Lucas came back after several minutes followed by Tate, Kevin, Cadeon, and Sean. He glared at Sean for the problems the bastard was causing. Possessive men were really starting to piss him off. Shutting down the club seemed like the best solution.

They took their seats without saying a word. "I don't know why, but Lloyd Black seems to have called me earlier. I wasn't here, but Lucas took the message."

All the men, barring Lucas, froze at the mention of the name. Lloyd Black had created so much anger. Stephen had forgotten how much he despised the man.

"What do you think he could want?" Sean asked.

"I don't know, and I don't care. I want to make sure that Rebecca has all the security she needs. If he's making calls then I know something is happening," Stephen said.

"I'll arrange everything," Cadeon said.

"Won't your woman have an issue with your involvement?" Stephen asked.

"Since Tate and Kevin are not making much headway, she only responds to me. I took Violet with me, and Rebecca liked her. The two women talked for a long time. In fact, that's where Violet is now."

Tate and Kevin glared at Cadeon.

"Okay, for those of us who have no real idea who this woman is, or the guy, what's going on?" Lucas asked.

"Finally something you don't know." Sean sneered at the man. There was so much testosterone in the room, Stephen wanted to cause damage. These men truly believed in their possessive instincts. Instead of disputing their belief he chose to ignore his own problems.

"Lloyd Black was a member of the club several years ago. He's our age and comes from money, wealth. He married a young eighteen-year-old woman, Rebecca. She was sweet and charming. What we didn't know is that behind closed doors Black was a sadistic f**k who used her to get what he wanted." Stephen stopped explaining and allowed Cadeon to take over.

"They were together for five years, but he did enough damage. We do not abuse women. This is not what the club is about. We're possessive, and the club is designed for us to be with like-minded men who feel the same urges when it comes to their women." At the last part Stephen felt uncomfortable. He never knew any of the urges he heard men talk about. Cadeon was still talking.

"Behind closed doors, Black was beating his wife, and any man who talked to her he was taking it out on her. She became his slave without thought. The punishments he dished out, she took. There was nothing to her. She didn't talk to anyone unless he forced her to. It was too late when we all noticed the changes. One night they came to the club. Someone spoke to her, and Lloyd went ballistic. He locked them in a room and started hitting her, kicking her. We saw it all on the monitor before any of us had time to react. Anyway, since then she's been trying to regain her life one bit at a time. We don't know everything that happened to her, but Lloyd ended up in jail serving time. He's not allowed any contact with her."

Cadeon finished his explanation. Stephen was sick to his stomach remembering the events. He got angry, but he'd never take it out on a woman.

"How we managed to keep this club out of the media still surprises me," Stephen said. "At the time, Black had tried to blame his whole personality on the club. He tried to make his defence based on multiple brain-washing in turn making him believe that beating a woman was the right thing to do."

Lucas cursed, and so, too, did all the other men.

"I'll contact James and let him know what's going on. Black is still a powerful man. If I know him like I think I do then he's already on the steps to getting out of jail."

"Wouldn't his money have gone to Rebecca because of the divorce and his being in prison? She'd have to help him," Lucas said.

"No. The money remains with Lloyd. Rebecca got nothing in the divorce settlement. I would guess that his oldest son from his previous marriage would be handling all of the business until Lloyd got out. But Rebecca didn't get a penny of his money. The moment he was arrested she had nothing to her name. Everything she has now is what all the members of the club have banded together to support her. We look after our own," Stephen said. "The son needs looking into. I've denied his request to join. The rumour about him is that he's as sick as his father only worse. He likes to cause pain. Lots of it. I'm talking seriously kinky, verging on being kicked out of the kinkiest club."

"I'll handle the son," Sean said.

"Are you ready for that?" Lucas asked.

"Yes. You've given up, and I need to fill my time."

Stephen watched the two men, curious about the tension between them. "Right, until we know anything further, petitions and applications will stop. I'm not dealing with this shit without this behind us." He tossed the files into the trash can.

"You'll need to talk with the rest of the men," Cadeon said.

After the meeting in his office Stephen gave a brief talk before leaving for the night. He wasn't interested in being at a club where he felt like he didn't belong. At home he sat down in his sitting room staring at the television. He hadn't turned the unit on. The thought of sitting down and watching something left him depressed. Looking at the whiskey decanter he considered losing himself to the alcohol haze that would allow him to sleep without dreaming.

He thought about Ursula. Stephen wanted to be able to go to her at a moment's notice and knew if he drank that would be impossible. Turning away from the drink, he took a cold shower before climbing into bed.

Thinking about Ursula sent a stirring deep inside him. Right now she was probably lying with her boyfriend. His hands fisted in the blanket as he thought of that ass**le touching her. Would she moan her pleasure like she did for him?

Stephen went to sleep, his anger sizzling beneath the surface at the image of Ursula with another man. No woman had ever made him angry. What was it about her that made him react in such a way?

Chapter Four

Two weeks passed without any problems. Winter was taking hold, and Ursula hated walking home in the cold. She didn't want to ask for a ride. Stephen was always busy. Their conversation had been reserved to talking about world events, meaning the financial crisis and how she was getting on at school.

The teasing had stopped to be replaced by seriousness. He never asked about Paul, and for that she was grateful. Paul hadn't touched her since the wrist incident. She knew something would happen soon. Every time he came to bed and tried it on, she rebuffed him complaining of a headache.

After college, she walked to Stephen's house to find several cars in the driveway. She opened the door, putting her coat and bag away in the places he'd told her. Placing her key in the pot next to his, she walked down the hall. The sound of voices coming from his office made her stop. She stood in the doorway. Five men and Stephen were seated, talking. He looked up and smiled. She couldn't help it. She smiled back at him.

"If I knew you didn't have anything to do but chat I'd have demanded a lift as well," she said.

"I already pay you well."

"You get your money's worth out of me, and we both know it. Am I cooking for more than two?" she asked, turning her attention to the other men.

"Who are you?" the one with dark hair and a curious frown asked her.

"The cleaner and cook." She felt all of their eyes on her. "Do you guys want a drink?" Ursula turned her gaze back to Stephen. "You're being incredibly rude, or does your staff not get an introduction?" She folded her arms under her br**sts.

"Ursula Mills, I'd like you to meet Cadeon, Sean, Tate, Kevin, and Lucas. Guys, I'd like you to meet my soon-to-be-fired cleaner-slash-cook, Ursula."

She shook their hands before giving him a scowl. "You can't fire me."

"Why not?" he asked.

"You like me too much. You'd be lost without me, and you know it." She turned away moving to the kitchen. The men said something, and Stephen's unmistakable scolding voice sounding. She rubbed her arms suddenly feeling the chill.

She made a drink keeping her head bowed, trying to keep the tears locked inside her. Stephen's arms came round on either side of the counter locking her in place. "Why are you crying?" he asked. Touching her cheeks she felt the wetness of her tears.

"I don't know." He took hold of her arm, turning her to face him. His knuckles grazed her cheek, wiping away her tears.

"I don't like seeing these," he said.

"Why didn't you want to introduce me to your friends?" she asked. It was stupid. She was his employee. Their relationship meant nothing out of the bounds of him being her boss.

He cupped her cheek, tilting her head back to stare into her eyes. She felt the pull of his gaze, the tightness in her body alerting her to his closeness. He wasn't close enough. The obsession she was beginning to feel about him was scaring her. There was no way Stephen could ever be hers.

"They're part of a whole other world. When we're here, you're no one else's." The words confused her.

"Whose am I?" she asked.

"Mine."

Someone let out a cough making them break apart. She quickly made the drink, taking it into the other room. The men stared at her as she placed the drinks down in front of them. "There is sugar if you want it."

"What if we want coffee?" one of them asked.

"You didn't ask, and you get what you're given." She left them alone, doing her chores. For dinner she made them all a sandwich. When Stephen asked her where hers was, she mentioned getting back to her boyfriend. He glared at her, but she left without looking back. It was early, and she decided to take a walk in the park. Her thoughts were all jumbled up. Someone bumped into her causing her to fall on her ass.

"I-I-I'm sorry," the girl said, helping her to her feet.

"Don't worry." Ursula stood brushing herself down then looked at the girl in front of her. She gasped. The woman looked like death. Her hands were shaking, and her hair looked ready to fall out. "Are you all right?"

"Fine." The woman walked away. Ursula didn't know whether to follow her or not. When the woman disappeared into the darkness, Ursula carried on moving towards her home. Paul wasn't an incentive to get home quickly. She took as long as she could before her fingers were too cold to stand being outside in the cold.

She entered their apartment. The stench of alcohol and cheap pizza assailed her. She was beginning to find everything associated with Paul repulsive.

"Have you been f**king your lover?" Paul sneered. Ursula turned to see the card Stephen had given her in his hands.

"What are you talking about?" she asked. Dropping her bag on the chair, she removed her coat then faced him again.

"You're out of the house. You don't want me to f**k you anymore. What's going on? I'm not good enough for your ugly face?" he growled.

She rolled her eyes, feeling more angry than scared. "Leave me alone. You've been drinking again instead of getting off your own fat ass and looking for another job?" Placing her hand on her hips, she glared at him. In light of everything going on around her, she saw the man before her in a new light. How could she have put up with him for so long? He was a self-centred, lazy-ass bastard. Her parents' warnings ran through her mind. At the time when they'd voiced them she thought they were being difficult. Now she saw what they did. "I want you out of my apartment. We're through." She threw his crap at him feeling angry at herself for living with such an ungrateful loser. "Get your shit, and get out."

"This is my place," he yelled.

"Yeah. I'm the one who has been paying the rent. I paid for this f**king furniture. The landlord put the place in my name seeing as I was paying for everything. You were already close to losing it anyway."

She snatched the card out of his hand. "This is mine."

Paul pushed her. The anger she'd only seen once before was unleashed. She dodged his hands moving away. The slap to the face caught her off guard. In no time at all, he pinned her against the sofa, his foul breath on her face. She screamed, and he covered her mouth.

"Do you really think you're better than me? No man would want you. I took you in because no one else wanted you."

Ursula thought about Stephen. It was time to make that phone call. She wished she hadn't left before talking to him properly. Using all of her strength she pushed Paul off her, running into her room and locking herself in the bedroom. Her hands were shaking, but she managed to dial his house number. When no one answered she growled in frustration. She glanced at the door when she heard Paul kicking and yelling at her.

She dialled Stephen's mobile number praying for him to pick up.

****

Stephen watched her leave. He'd upset her, and he hated to see her hurt when he'd been the one to cause it. Introducing her to the others hadn't entered his mind. The moment he saw her standing there in front of him, he'd been a goner. In her winter clothes, she looked so adorable. The image of her na**d had struck him making him jealous, watching the other men in case they were thinking the same thing.

"You never told us you had a new house cleaner," Cadeon said.

"I didn't realise whom I employed was any of your business." His hands fisted as he thought about these men lusting after his woman.

His woman?

Where the hell had that come from? Ursula wasn't his woman. She never would be. He didn't want her that way.

Stephen shook his head in an attempt to rid the thoughts from his mind. The rest of the men were smirking at him. "Can we just get back to the problems at hand?" He listened with half an ear while the other thought about the revelations going through his mind. The way he touched her wasn't appropriate as a simple employer/employee relationship. Licking his lips, he recalled the feel of her full, lush body in his arms, the buds of her ni**les pressing against his chest. His dick began to swell in his pants at the thought of Ursula and her body. Would her ni**les be small or large? Red or brown? Sensitive? Did she like to be nibbled or sucked?

Running his fingers through his hair, he forced himself to pay attention. The news they'd been able to gather wasn't great. Rebecca remained safe inside her home. The doctor's visits were being monitored with extra care along with the people who called at her house. His call to James at club Ravage had been held with caution. The other owner agreed to keep in touch with regards to the Black situation. Apparently Lloyd Black's son had been banned after getting too heavy with a sub.

Stephen was tired of dealing with the crap at the club. Why couldn't he go back to having a drink while he watched the singers on stage?

You wouldn't have Ursula if it went back to normal. You hated your life until she entered your world.

When they left to go to the club, Stephen was thankful for the reprieve. He drove himself wanting to get home alone. Relying on a driver to take him everywhere was starting to wear thin.

They all entered through the front. The new doorman greeted them. Stephen hadn't learnt his name yet. He kept his jacket on, going straight through to his main desk to check on business. There were a few checks he needed to cash and bills that needed to be paid. He phoned through the usual payments for electricity and food. When the bills were sorted, he checked through the rotas and then set in motion their pay-checks before he left. His father had told him to make sure the club was kept in pristine condition at all times. He might not feel like his father about women, but he would certainly adhere to his wishes.

He'd seen so many couples pass through the doors who looked exactly as his father described them. Possessive.

"Son, they want a place where they know their women will be left alone. To be around like-minded men who feel the same way about their women."

"But don't all men love their women like that?"

"We all deal with things differently, Stephen. One day you'll meet a woman and know what I mean."

Stephen recalled one of the many conversations he'd had with his father. His biggest regret was not giving his father what he wanted the most, grandchildren. No woman had been worth taking home to his parents.

He switched the light off, then locked the door. Cadeon and the others were in the bar room. A different singer was up on stage entertaining. Stephen didn't recognise her. Lucas must have employed her. He noticed all the men were drinking coffee, and a glass of whiskey was waiting for him. Stephen stopped at the bar to order a coffee before sitting down with the rest of the men. They stared at his coffee then at him.

"What?" he asked.

"She's changing you, and you don't even know it," Tate said.

"I don't know what you're talking about." He sipped the coffee ignoring their stares. Ursula had never complained about his drinking. She'd told him on many occasions that he didn't need to waste his life in the bottom of a bottle. He was going to cut down before she entered his life. Stephen refused to believe she was responsible for the change inside him. He checked the time on his watch, surprised to see it was past ten.

He wondered what Ursula was doing. Would she be sleeping by her jerk-ass boyfriend?

Stop thinking this shit. She's not yours.

I don't want her to be mine.

No? Then why are you thinking about her?

"Hey, Stephen. When are you taking a woman to Ravage to share?" Sean asked.

He glared at all of them. The thought of another man touching Ursula sent the blood pounding through his veins. No man would touch her except him.

She isn't yours.

But she's going to be.

At the last thought, the demon inside him began to calm down. He couldn't describe what was happening. Seeing her with someone else would set him off. He knew it.

"You know, Ursula is one hot woman. Did you see the size of her tits?" Tate said.

Stephen clenched his hands around the cup holding his coffee. None of them were allowed to look at her body.

"I bet she'd be one wild ride in the bedroom. She must have a nice, tight pu**y. She doesn't look like the kind of woman to let too many men close."

The anger went to boiling point inside him. His whole body was shaking. They would not talk about Ursula like that. Didn't they have any respect? He noticed Cadeon hadn't spoken. Cadeon's stare was pissing Stephen off.

"I can imagine sinking my dick into her-"

Stephen's cup shattered on the table top, and he lunged for Tate. Sean and Lucas stopped him with their hands on his arms holding him back. Cadeon moved closer.

"Do you feel the burn? The gut-clenching agony of thinking of another man touching her? Do you feel the need to claim her to make sure no man can mistake who she belongs to?" Cadeon asked.

Stephen was breathing hard to try to control himself. Staring at Tate he saw the other man smirk.

"No offense, Stephen. Ursula is hot, but I love Rebecca. I don't want your woman. We were trying to show you how you felt."

"I don't feel like that. I don't like you talking shit about her." He denied everything coursing through him. For so long he'd believed he didn't feel any part of the possession the other men at the club felt. The sound of his phone ringing interrupted his thoughts. "I've got to get that."

Lucas and Sean let him go, slowly. He would have loved to clock them one. Instead, he grabbed his phone, flicking it open. He didn't recognise the number.

"Hello," he said.

"Stephen, is that you?" Ursula asked.

"What's the matter?" He knew if she was calling it couldn't be good.

"Do you remember your offer?"

"Yes."

Yelling came over the line followed by an unmistakable shout from Ursula screaming to be left alone.

"Would you come and get me? Paul took the next step, and I don't know how long the lock is going to keep on the door."

"I'm on my way. I know where you live. You don't need to tell me your address."

"Hurry. And don't phone the police. I don't want them to know."

"They might be alerted already if he's causing enough problems," Stephen said.

"I know, but if they haven't been alerted then please don't. I don't want that kind of attention. Please, hurry and stop pissing about." She clicked off, making him laugh even though he shouldn't. "I've got to go."

"What's going on?" Sean asked.

"Ursula's in trouble. I'm going to go help her."

"I'll come with you," Sean and Lucas said together.

"I've got to get home," Cadeon said.

Tate and Kevin made their excuses before leaving. Stephen didn't argue and let Sean and Lucas follow behind him. The journey was short as he broke most of the speeding laws to get to her. If he found her in any other state than perfect he'd kill the bastard. Her apartment didn't have a machine to buzz him in. He opened the door, which was unlocked, and ran up the stairs to her door. Stephen had memorised her address when she'd given it to him for work.

Sean and Lucas were behind him as he knocked. Seconds later he came face to face with her boyfriend. He wore a stained white vest, his belly causing the bottom to ride up. Looking up, Stephen saw he was unshaven and looked ready to do violence.

Stephen clenched his fists ready to pummel the bastard. This man had mistreated his woman. He'd lost any right to call himself a man. As he went to throw the first swing, Lucas stopped him. "We're not here to deal with him."

"What do you want?" Paul said, running his hand over his nose. Stephen was repulsed by the sight of him. He pushed the man out of the way calling Ursula's name. "Ursula, it's Stephen. Come out." The door in the corner looked positive. He stood in the doorway as she was walking around the bed.

"You came," she said.

"I said I would." He opened his arms, and she went into them willingly. She wasn't crying. He felt her body shaking. "You're staying with me tonight."

She nodded her head. He was pleased she didn't argue with him. Stephen wasn't in the mood to argue with her. Staring at his surroundings, he knew Paul had trashed her apartment. He took hold of her hand then walked over to her boyfriend.

"You get out of this place by noon tomorrow, or I'll have you arrested for trespassing."

"So, you're the rich lover-boy. How can you cope to be with her? She's f**king fat and useless in the sack. You'll need to cover her head with a bag to be able to f**k her."

Stephen was about to pound his face in. Ursula pulled away from him and slapped Paul round the face. "I was good enough for you. I can't believe I lowered myself to let you near my body."

She looked angry, pissed, and Stephen winced as she kneed Paul in the groin. He took her hand, walking out of the apartment.

Once outside the building, she stopped by his car.

"I like her," Lucas said.

"Me, too," Sean said.

He said goodnight to the other two men then helped her inside his car. Once he was settled inside the car, he started the engine and began driving towards his own house.

"I'm really sorry about calling you," she said.

"Don't be. I asked you to. I'd be upset if you didn't." He rounded a bend. "That was a great knee kick. Remind me to never piss you off."

"You always piss me off, Stephen. You've never insulted me. What he said was cruel, and I didn't like it."

He grabbed her hand, interlocking their fingers while he drove the last few miles to his house.

The rest of the journey went by in silence. When they got inside, he lifted her face to the light for him to check her over.

"I'm fine. He barely touched me."

"Your face looks red. He slapped you at least once." She nodded, and he wanted to go out and kick the bastard in the balls himself. "Let's get you something cold to put on that. I don't like the thought of you bruising."

He led the way into the kitchen. There was a bag of unopened sweet corn in the freezer. "Here, put this on." He pressed the bag to her cheek. She winced but held it over her cheek.

"Can you get brain freeze holding it like his?" she asked. He laughed, caressing her cheek for a second. She licked her lips, and his gaze dropped to the fullness of her lips.

Clearing his throat, he removed his jacket. He waited a few minutes for her to get too cold. When she handed the bag back to him, he washed the bag before putting it back.

"I'll show you to your room. You can get some rest." The tension had climbed in the room. He felt the electricity sizzling beneath the surface. The tiny hairs on his arms stood to attention. She followed behind him. The feeling of dominance that surrounded him made him pause on the stairs. Closing his eyes for a second, he tried to get his mind to control his actions.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"Nothing. Cramp." He continued up until he got to the room next to him. Opening the door, he let her inside.

"Wow. This is amazing. It's almost as big as my apartment," she said. He stared at her, watching the way she rubbed her hands down her legs. Everything about her pulled him in. He wanted her.

"I'll leave you to rest."

"Stephen?" He turned to her. "Thank you."

He went to her, cupping her cheek in his palm. "I would never let anything happen to you."

"You didn't have to come for me. Thank you for coming."

There was a different type of coming that was on his mind. Smiling, he brushed his lips against hers. "Get some rest."

Chapter Five

Ursula watched him leave her room. Her hand went to her lips touching where he'd kissed. She wished he hadn't left. When he'd come to her rescue, she'd never been so happy to see anyone. Not just because he'd come to help her but she knew Paul wouldn't be around much longer. For the last six months she'd avoided ha**ng s*x with him. The last time she'd had sex with him could have been longer. She hated the thought of being with him. Turning away from the door Stephen exited, she went in search of the bathroom. He'd told her each room had their own bathroom for guests. The first door opened to a large walk-in wardrobe. She gazed at all the space imagining how pathetic her clothing would look in such a large space. The next door she found the bathroom. She took a quick shower. When she got out, she brushed her teeth then grabbed a robe. There were brushes in the top drawer. She couldn't find a nightshirt. Removing the robe, she got under the covers and closed her eyes.

Sleep wouldn't come as she was worked up over the night's events. She didn't feel traumatised by Paul's treatment. If anything, she felt annoyed with herself for staying with him for so long. How could she have let herself be used by him? Her family had seen the way he was, and she hadn't believed them. Shaking her head, she rolled over staring at the ceiling. She would need to call her family. Getting out of bed, she grabbed her mobile from the pocket of her jeans, then got back into bed. She liked the way the sheets felt against her na**d body. It had been so long since she'd been comfortable enough to sleep naked. Flipping open her phone, she saw it was only ten. Most of her family stayed up late talking. A warm feeling filled her as she thought about her family.

She dialled her parents' home phone. The dial tone rang in her ear, once, twice, and on the third ring her mother answered.

"Hello," Ruby said.

"Hi, mom."

"Ursula, is that you?"

"Yep. The very one." She smiled as she heard her mother shout to the others. "Oi, you lot, Ursula's on the phone. Get your butts here." The sound was dull, and then she heard the phone moving. "Your brothers are visiting and are spending the night in their old rooms. Your sister moved out."

"I bet she's causing all kinds of trouble."

"I bet. Here's your father. Wait. Hold on, we can put her on speaker phone." Ursula started laughing as they put the phone to speaker.

"Can you all hear me?" she asked.

They all talked to her at once.

"How are you, honey?" her father asked.

"I'm great."

She told them all about Paul.

"I knew he was a slime-ball," her father said.

"The biggest slime-ball. I'm so sorry I didn't see it."

"Don't worry about it, sweetheart. When are you coming home?" her mother asked.

"I don't know. I've got college to finish." She avoided talking about Stephen. After twenty minutes she ended the call feeling happier for talking to her family.

She'd missed them and wished she'd listened to them before. When sleep refused to come, she grabbed her robe and left her room. She walked down the stairs and saw the light through the crack in the door of the living room.

Moving closer she saw Stephen sitting on the couch. He was drinking what looked like a glass of milk. An action flick was playing on the screen. She walked in.

"Couldn't you sleep?" he asked, turning to her.

"I thought I was being quiet." She smiled, tucking her hair behind her ear.

"I knew the moment you were at the door." He frowned but didn't elaborate. "Have a seat."

She sat next to him, her feet tucking under her. She covered her exposed leg with the robe. They sat together watching the movie.

"Do you like this film?" he asked.

Ursula shrugged her shoulders. "I'm so busy with college I never get time to watch television. Paul always had a p**n flick on." She wrinkled her nose.

"You don't like p**n flicks?"

"What's to like? Their actions are mechanical, and the women look bone dry. I never knew a man had to spit on a woman so much to get her wet." She blushed when she realised what she was saying.

Stephen laughed. "I know what you mean. I'd consider it an insult to myself if I had to spit on a woman to get her wet." He tucked more of her hair behind her ear.

"Do you have a woman in your life?"

"No."

She settled down, watching the movie. The storyline wasn't gripping, and she found herself zoning out and being more conscious of the man at her side. He moved his hand to the back of the sofa. She felt the heat radiating off his arm through the robe she wore. At some point, she'd laid her head on his chest, and the hand across the couch went 'round her, stroking her hair. The time passed. She rested a hand on his knee to help support her.

When the credits rolled she was struggling to breathe. Her pu**y was dripping wet from his closeness.

Neither spoke for the longest time, their breathing the only sound that could be heard. Ursula moved first, looking up from his chest, up into his eyes. He stared down at her. His gaze went from her eyes to her lips then back again.

She licked her lips. The action was made with the intention of seeing his reaction.

Staring down at his lips, she knew she wanted him to kiss her. Her wants had nothing to do with what had happened with Paul. She knew the chemistry had been building between them for some time. She was tired of denying it.

Stephen cupped her cheek, his thumb stroking her lips. "You're incredibly beautiful."

"Thank you." He leaned down. She held her breath waiting. At the last minute she expected him to stop. He didn't. Stephen claimed her lips. A moan escaped her as he broke away only seconds later, and she felt his grip tighten on her face as he tilted her head backwards and kissed her deeply.

Ursula moved closer to him. She gripped his shirt as she kissed him back.

His tongue plunged inside. She cried out, opening her lips to receive him. Their moans mingled on the air between them. She went to her knees and then feeling bold, moved her legs to straddle him. He let go of her hair letting her get settled. Sinking her fingers into his hair, she slammed her lips down on his.

She'd never felt this way before. The lust coursing through her made her want so much more from him. He let go, trailing kisses down her neck.

"I want you," he said. She never thought she'd hear those words from his lips. Tilting her head back, she gave him access to her neck. He took full advantage, kissing her pulse and nipping at her collar bone. The goose-bumps raised the hairs on her arms.

He moved the hair off one shoulder, pulling the robe down her shoulders. The top part of her right breast was exposed. She thrust her h*ps against him feeling the hard ridge of his arousal.

"No. We can't do this," he said. "You've just been through your stuff with Paul."

Cupping his face in her hands, she stared into his dark gaze. She saw the desire for her, and her body responded. "I don't want Paul. I've not been with him for so long. This isn't about him. This is about what I want."

She kept her gaze on him while her hands went to the tie of her robe. She untied the sash and pulled the robe apart. For a second she hesitated. Her body was a lot larger than the women he was probably used to. She liked her food and didn't spend any time working off the calories from what she ate. Her legs were thick, her tits large, and her h*ps wide. Everything about her body screamed overweight. The desire pulsing inside her won out over her nerves. If Stephen didn't desire her in any way, he would never have responded to her.

Ursula removed the robe letting it fall to the floor. Taking his hand, she pressed his fingers to her core. "I want you, Stephen. I've never wanted a man the way I want you."

He stared at her. She left his hand on her pu**y, waiting for him to decide. The time she waited seemed to go on forever. Neither moved. Their breathing was the only thing moving in the room. Then, he pressed two fingers inside her pu**y.

"You're tight."

His eyes darkened. The intensity in his gaze shocked her. Her pu**y tightened around as he thumbed her clit.

"I'm going to f**k you."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, slamming her lips down on his. Even with her on top, he controlled everything. His free hand gripped her hair pulling her back. "Remove my shirt," he said. His fingers were still inside her. At the command in his tone, she felt her pu**y contract around him.

Her hands were shaking, but she managed to release each small button, pushing the shirt from his shoulders. She gazed at his chest in awe. He was hard with no trace of any hairs on his body. She ran her hand over his chest feeling the quiver of his muscles.

With his hands on her waist, he lifted her up onto the floor. Her legs were like jelly. She kept herself upright. He stood next to her.

"Kneel." She looked at him before dropping to her knees. Ursula didn't understand why she was obeying him. She knew she wanted to do everything he said to keep the feeling inside her for longer.

She watched as he unbuckled his belt. The sight of him sliding the leather out of the hoops forced her to hold her breath. Whatever was happening, Ursula wasn't afraid. She wanted to be with him no matter what he wanted.

****

His c**k was rock hard. Seeing her on her knees in front of him sent the dominant inside him purring with need. Stephen had never expected her to follow orders. Staring at her na**d body made his c**k pulse and pr**cum ooze out of the tip. He pulled the belt from his pants. He saw her eyes widen and her body pulse. She was aroused by the action of him removing his belt.

Next, he removed his pants and boxers, stepping out of them. His c**k stood out, long, thick, and begging for the woman in front of him. He thought about the other women who'd served him. Never had he been bothered to have a woman kneel before him. Ursula did something to him, and he couldn't explain it.

Sex with her had been the last thing on his mind. She spoke her mind and was intelligent and witty. He enjoyed talking to her. Her independence struck him first. Seeing her on her knees, he loved.

"Do you like being on your knees before me?" he asked.

He saw the confusion on her face. "Don't think about it. Let me know how you feel."

"I like it. I've never liked this."

Stephen wondered what Paul had done to her. Fisting his cock, he watched her eyes go to his shaft. Her tongue peeked out, licking those full, luscious lips. He closed off any doubt. Watching her set off the dominant inside him. A dominant didn't doubt his ability. He took control and gave his woman pleasure in seeking his own in the process.

"Would you like to suck my cock?" he asked.

She stared at him for a few seconds before nodding her head. Running his fingers in her hair, he cupped her cheek. The position was awkward, but he gripped his c**k in one hand, watching as she opened her lips. He pressed the tip inside, feeling her tongue slide over his tip, licking off his cum. Stephen moaned, his fingers tightening in her hair.

He pushed forward, feeling his c**k slide along her tongue. Her moan vibrated up his length. Stephen kept touching her hair and her face. He wanted to feel every part of her body. She stroked his length with her fingers as her head took more of him inside her mouth. He thrust inside watching his length disappear and reappear. His c**k glistened with her saliva. Her lips looked red and puffy. Closing his eyes, he controlled the pace of his hips. The desire to slam inside her mouth was too hard to ignore. He pulled out, loving the way she followed after him. Taking her hands, he lifted her to her feet. She swayed a little, and he caught her in his arms.

Her tits pressed against his chest. The curves of her body fit perfectly with his. Stephen captured her chin and tilted her head back to kiss her. She responded instantly. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she tried to get closer. There was nowhere else for her to go. They were skin to skin. She was soft while he was hard. He'd kept on top of his figure as the years were starting to gain on him.

His c**k pushed against her belly. Stephen set her down on the couch. He knelt in front of her and pulled her back. Her ass lay on the edge. Stephen took her legs, opening her wide. Ursula gasped as he ran his fingers through her creamy slit. She was so wet, her pu**y lips red and puffy.

The scent of her arousal permeated the air before him. His mouth watered for a taste of her.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to lick this creamy cunt until you're begging to be f**ked." He spoke every word clearly. He refused to hide the man he was.

"I never thought you'd talk dirty," she said.

"There is a lot you don't know about me." To emphasise his point Stephen thrust two fingers inside her. She was tight, wet, and hot. Her cries echoed off the wall. He loved the sound she made. Turning his fingers inside her, he stroked the g-spot and watched her squirm against the assault of pleasure.

"Oh my God."

Stephen couldn't help but smile. She may have been with another man, but she wasn't sexually experienced. He knew her responses weren't expectant. What he was doing to her was new territory to her.

With his other hand, he opened the lips of her sex for him to view. Her cl*t peeked out of its hood. He saw her eyes were closed, and he took full advantage. Stephen licked her cl*t in one smooth swipe of his tongue. Her cries grew louder. Stroking her g-spot, he licked her pu**y feeling every sensation as her cunt squeezed his fingers. Her cream leaked onto his digits.

He wanted to spend the rest of his life tasting Ursula on his tongue. When she began to build to her cl**ax, he thrust his fingers inside her. Her h*ps pushed up to meet him stroke for stroke. Stephen felt her fingers in his hair pulling at the strands. He gazed up at her to see her staring at him.

"I've never ... I'm not going to-" She was unable to finish her words. He centred his attention on her swollen nub, thrusting his fingers inside her and watched as she came apart.

The vision of her orgasm would stay with him forever. She was vocal, thrusting up to meet him as he tongued her sweet clit.

He brought her down, kissing her pu**y and teasing her. Only when she was over her peak and settled, he pulled his fingers out of her tight heat and licked off the glorious cream he'd created.

"Wow," she said.

Stephen sat next to her and was more than content in giving her an orgasm. He ran his hand up and down her smooth thigh. In seconds Ursula pushed him back. She swung a leg over his until she was straddling him once again. She pushed her hair out of the way, her br**sts swinging free in front of them. He cupped her back, pulling her close. Stephen sucked on one of her large ni**les, relishing the way she squirmed on his lap. She crushed her pu**y against his shaft. He felt her arousal on his lap.

"I want you," she said.

He saw how far gone she was. "Do you know who I am?" he asked. The last thing he wanted was to take her and her not remember it.

"Stephen, you're my boss, and I want you to f**k me." She said the words, which sounded more like an order. Gazing up into her eyes, he saw the woman he'd come to care a great deal about. "Please, I've wanted you for so long."

He held onto her h*ps lifting her up enough to grab his c**k in his fist. Stephen ran the tip of his c**k down her slit turning his gaze to where they would be joined. Taking one last look into her eyes, he saw the same passion he felt reflected in her eyes.

Returning his gaze between their legs, he pushed his c**k to her entrance. She moved down on his shaft, the tip of him inside her.

"Wait."

When he was sure his c**k wouldn't fall out, he held onto her h*ps with both hands, stared into her eyes, and slammed her down onto his shaft.

She screamed, and he groaned as the tightness of her consumed him. Her pu**y squeezed him, already trying to milk his cum from the tip.

His grip tightened on her hips. He stared down to where she sat on his shaft, then all the way up her body to stare into her eyes. Her eyes were wide open as her lips were slightly parted.

"You're big," she said.

Stephen chuckled. It was the news every man wanted to hear.

"You're tight."

Moving his grip from her hips, he ran his hands around her back, up and down. He slapped her ass making her yelp when she tried to move.

"Hey."

He slapped her again.

"I'm in charge. Stay still." She kept her eyes on him and then moved once again.

He slapped her ass harder this time, causing her to yelp harder. "I wasn't lying, or do you like having this ass smacked?"

She moved once again, and he slapped her. Soon her yelps turned to moans as he tapped her ass until she sat still. He loved the way she tested him. Her ass must be a nice blushing pink. Knowing she loved her ass being slapped made him harder than hell. Her pu**y was flooded with her cream. He felt it around his cock.

He touched her body. He wanted to learn every inch of her body. The smoothness of her skin was like the most expensive silk he owned. He knew she'd look amazing in the centre of his bed, the black silk surrounding her pale flesh like a glorious outline. He cupped her tits, thumbing her pointed ni**les. Her body was made for long loving. He knew she would be a perfect fit for him no matter where they were. Stephen pushed the thoughts away. This wasn't about forever. Their time together was about now.

She stayed still, her eyes on him at all times. He liked exploring her body and knowing what turned her on. The noises she made went straight to his cock.

Cupping her cheek with one hand while with the other he sank his fingers into her hair, he pulled her down to kiss him. Her hands lay on his chest, branding him. He felt their moment was more. The connection between them burned brighter than ever before. Ursula was his woman. He felt it within his heart and deep into his soul. He would protect her with his life. She was his woman to possess. No matter what happened, Ursula Mills would be his.

He claimed her with his kiss knowing he would never let her go again. The thoughts concerned him as no woman had ever left him feeling this way. He felt the need to possess her, to hear his name fall from her lips at every moment. Moving his hands away, he cupped her h*ps and lifted her up before slamming her back down.

She cried out. Ursula didn't speak. The sounds coming out of her lips were moans of pleasure. He pushed up to meet her, and she began moving against him. Her tits bounced above him with the way she rode him. He lifted up, capturing one of her ni**les between his teeth. She cupped his hand pushing closer. The heat burst, taking them both on a wave of pleasure. He took her to the floor before him. Locking her hands above her head, he f**ked her hard. She wrapped her legs around his waist pushing up to meet him.

"Harder," she said.

His grip on her hands tightened as he pushed inside her using all of his strength. She jerked up in one line. Letting go of her hands, he held her shoulders, keeping her in place as he rode her hard.

He let go, staring down at where they were joined to watch his c**k sink inside her body. The tight heat surrounded him with every thrust inside her. Their pants were the only sounds in the room. She held onto him where she could. He took one of her hands and pressed her fingers against her clit.

"Play with yourself. I want to feel you orgasm around my cock."

She ran her fingers over her nub. The feel of her hand moving sent him to the edge. He controlled his release, sinking inside her to the hilt. Stephen sat back on his heels, holding her waist in his hands. He kept her in place with his c**k still embedded inside her but made it able for him to watch her small hands play with herself.

"You're glistening. I can feel how turned on you are. Your cunt is like a fist, Ursula. Squeezing me. You want my cum, don't you?" He'd never been vocal during sex before. With this woman, saying the words felt right to him.

"Yes," she said.

Holding her with one arm, he used his other hand to slide along hers over her pu**y. He heard the catch in her voice as he moved with her. Her juice coated his fingers, making it easier for him to work her clit. His c**k was hard inside her.

"You're close. Let me feel you come around me."

"I want you, Stephen." She cried out as her cl**ax held her in its grips. Her pu**y grew tighter. Her finger kept moving, and he pounded her pu**y holding her h*ps in his hands. He loved watching her tits move every time he f**ked her hard. He felt the pulse of his arousal grip him. His balls got tight, and his cum shot out of him inside her body. He growled as his release surged through him making him tingle from head to toe. They held each other riding out their cl**ax.

When they came down, Stephen collapsed over her, holding his weight off her. She was panting for breath, and so was he. The moment he caught his breath he lifted up checking her body. He saw the red finger prints on her h*ps and knew they would be bruised by morning.

She touched her side. "They don't hurt."

His c**k was still inside her. He didn't want to lose the connection with her. Holding her in his arms, he moved into a sitting position with her help. She lay in his arms with her head on his shoulder. He brushed her hair aside, stroking the length.

Ursula looked at him.

"You're mine now," he said. He felt the words like a state of ownership. Ursula was his woman, and he would be keeping her.

He knew he needed to talk to the other men at the club. This feeling inside him was something he'd never experienced before. She kissed him before laying her head back on his shoulder.

Stephen knew he would do anything to protect her. All he needed to do now was convince her of his own feelings.

Chapter Six

Ursula lay in his arms not knowing what to do. Being with him had been one of the best experiences of her life. She liked the thought of being his woman, but did he mean the words, or were they just the after moments of really good sex? His arms surrounded her. He played with her hair while she stroked his chest. She touched his ni**les feeling the way his body changed.

"You're sleeping in my bed," he said.

She smiled. He no longer asked but told her. She didn't mind. Why didn't she mind? No man had ever gotten away with ordering her around. Stephen was different. She'd known he was different from the first moment they met. His brooding reeled her from the start. She had wanted to bring him out to see him smile.

"Do you want something to eat?" he asked. She shook her head. Words failed her when usually she could do nothing but talk. "I don't like you not communicating. What's wrong?" He took hold of her chin getting her to look at him.

"Nothing," she said with a smile. "I'm simply basking from being together." Ursula wrapped her hands around his neck.

"That's it. Hold onto me."

She squealed, holding him in a death grip. Her legs wrapped around his waist as he lifted up off the floor. Stephen was a tall man, and glancing over his shoulder made it look like a long way down.

"What are you doing?" she asked. "You're going to give yourself a hernia or even worse, break your back holding me. I'm not skinny, Stephen. Put me down."

What did she get for her trouble? A slap on the ass. The heat from the sting made her bite her lip. She couldn't believe how turned on she was from his love taps. Some of them had hurt, too.

"You're not going anywhere. I've got you."

"I'm not light. You're going to hurt yourself."

"Ursula, I lift weights, and I like the way you are. Stop moaning, and hold onto me."

She wouldn't be able to let go. "I'm afraid of heights."

"I'm not that tall."

He moved out of the room to the stairs. She squealed. "You're not taking me up those stairs. I can walk Stephen."

"Hold onto me."

She tried to squirm away from him, but he held his ground. "Stephen!"

"Mr. Knox to you." He slapped her ass then held her as he began walking up the stairs, each step making her jolt in his arms.

She glared at him. "I've never called you Mr. Knox, and I'm not going to start now."

"Sir, then, or Master." Ursula went to challenge him on the titles, but she stopped as she liked the sound of them. She smiled. Laying her head against his ear, she licked his lobe before biting down gently. "Are you going to f**k me again, Sir?" she asked.

He stopped. She looked past her shoulder to see they'd made it up the stairs.

"What did you say?" he asked.

She leaned back enough to see him. "Are you going to f**k me again, Sir?" She spoke the words again, only this time she said them with a smile.

His c**k hardened against her stomach. While she was fighting to be free of his arms so she could walk up the stairs, he'd pulled free of her.

"Do you like that? When I call you 'sir'?"

He pressed her up against the wall. The command in his body made her melt from the very core and out. "You have no idea how much I like that." He kissed her hard, sliding his tongue against hers. The action made her aware of other slick parts sliding inside her body. She moaned holding him close.

Stephen carried her to his room. He didn't stop and went straight through to his bathroom. He let her down, and she was conscious of his seed sliding down the inside of her thigh. The heat filled her cheeks as he ran a bath. Paul had never cared for her like this. When Paul was done, he'd roll over and go to sleep.

She waited until he helped her into the warm soapy water. She smelt lavender and relaxed against the tub. Stephen climbed in behind her, pulling her to straddle his waist once again. He kissed her lips, cupping her back and hair.

He grabbed the soap, lathering his hands before he applied them to her body. Stephen started at her back, rubbing his hands against her skin. His touch made her yearn for more. The care and attention he was devoting to her made her heart ache. She could easily fall in love with him. The way she seemed to be his whole world. She was sure no matter what happened, she would be the centre of his world.

In no time at all, he was lathering her br**sts and belly. She sucked in her stomach to try to make herself look thinner. He tapped her thigh where it lay down his side. "Don't ever try to be someone different with me. I love the way you are, Ursula. I would never want you to change."

She didn't say a word and stopped sucking in her tummy. He went back to soaping her body, but his words stayed with her.

"I love the way you are." What did he mean by that? Did he love her body, her personality, or did he love her? He pressed his fingers between her thighs. The water of the bath washed the soap off his fingers. He touched her intimately, wiping away his se**n. She knew that was what he was doing.

"We didn't use a condom," she said.

"I know. I didn't want anything between us."

"You weren't worried in case I caught something off Paul? I haven't. I have regular checks."

Why am I asking him this? Are you trying to scare him off?

"I know you." He kissed her lips then handed her the soap.

"How do you know me? We've not known each other that long." She soaked his back and chest, loving the feel of his hard muscles beneath her hands. By the time she got down to his c**k he was long and hard. She washed his hard length, enjoying the sounds he made as she did so. He turned her around using a sponge to wet her hair. Next, he poured some soap and began washing her hair. She closed her eyes as his fingers calmed her down. He washed the shampoo out and then did the same with the conditioner. When she was clean, she did the same for him.

Stephen helped her out, using a towel to dry her body. He didn't leave out any area, and his attention to detail made her chuckle.

She dried his body. He held her hand walking her back into his room. She sat on the bed, and he climbed behind her. He brushed her hair slowly. There was a mirror over the other side of the room. She saw the concentration on his face. The brush went through her stands down her back. When he was done, he settled her against him, wrapping his arms around her.

Ursula closed her eyes allowing sleep to claim her, wrapped in the security that was her boss. Stephen was more than her boss.

She refused to think about anything else. What they'd done was a mistake, but she didn't want it to end. They were too different people. He was a wealthy brooding businessman while she was a finishing college and cleaned his house. They were like chalk and cheese, and yet she loved being with him. The best part of her day was being with him.

He held her close, and she fell asleep thinking about nothing but him.

****

Stephen woke with Ursula in his arms. He recalled the night before and how tense she was before sleep claimed her. He rested his head on one arm as the other stayed around her. She slept peacefully, her tits exposed for him to view. The red puckered tips tightened as a moan escaped her lips. He watched her chest rise and fall. He thought about the night before. Being inside her had been amazing. She was tight, and he was addicted to her already. A flush spread through her entire body. She continued to sleep.

When she'd asked about her safety with Paul he hadn't questioned her because he already knew the answer. The moment she went to work for him, he'd gotten her background checked immediately. Whoever worked for him would undergo a background check. However, with his previous workers he hadn't wanted to know more than the bare minimum whereas with Ursula he'd asked his security team to go deeper. He hadn't asked Tate or Kevin to handle her background as he didn't want to share her with anyone. His security team were impersonal and did as he told them. There was no risk of them dropping by unexpectedly. Everything was handled by a phone call.

There was a great deal he knew about her. At the time when he'd demanded to know about her present circumstances, but with time, or a week, he'd requested a thorough check. He knew she hadn't talked to her family because of Paul. He knew she loved going to college and wanted to become a teacher. Being a wealthy man gave him access to everything, including her health notes from the doctor.

Thinking about how much he knew about her compared to what she knew about him made him feel a little uncomfortable. The feeling disappeared as quickly as it came. Ursula was his, and he could do anything he liked. This possessive feeling overwhelmed him. Instead of lying back trying to analyze what it all meant, he leaned down, taking one of her ni**les into his mouth.

After sucking on one he moved onto the other. She began to move in her sleep, her ni**les budding to harder points than before. He stroked his hand down her stomach to her pu**y. Dipping his fingers into her centre he felt the slickness of her cream. He coated his fingers with her cum then travelled back up to thumb her clit.

He stared into her eyes waiting for her to wake. She opened her eyes with a moan escaping her lips. Her sounds made his dick pulse some pr**cum out of the tip.

"Morning," he said. At the same time he pushed two fingers inside her as his thumb grazed her clit.

"Morning." Her legs opened wider for him. She didn't get chance to say anything else. He kissed her lips moving up and over her.

She kissed him back. He pulled his fingers out of her replacing them with his cock. Ursula wrapped her legs around him as he slid all the way inside. He intertwined their hands by her head as he pulled out of her to push back in. She moved with him lifting her pelvis as he f**ked her. He kissed her lips then moved down to her neck and up again. She tilted her head back to give him more access.

Stephen loved her body. He liked the way her soft curves felt against his harder body. She was all woman and fuller. He knew there was so much he could do to her without the fear of hurting her.

"Stephen," she said. "More. I need more."

He nibbled down until he sucked her ni**les into his mouth. She fought against his hold. He refused to let her go.

"I want to touch you." She pleaded with him. The sound of her voice undid him. He let go, and in the next instant her fingers sank into his hair pulling him closer. Her hands were everywhere. He wanted her to touch him.

They danced together as he thrust inside her, and she pushed up to meet him. They were perfect. She was perfect. Together they built until she reached between them to touch herself to release. He waited for her to come before he pressed inside her to the hilt as his cum spurted inside her.

Afterwards, he lay by her side stroking her body. She touched his hand or caressed his arm.

"I don't want this moment to end."

"Me neither." He kissed her lips.

"I've got to go to the bathroom," she said when he pulled away. Stephen laughed. He kissed her one final time.

"Go on. I'll be downstairs. There should be a robe on the door, but you could always come down naked."

She disappeared inside the bathroom, and he went to use another room before he went to the kitchen. He put on a pair of bottoms not bothering with a shirt. He set up the coffee machine, pouring some water into the one compartment while putting the ground coffee beans into another. With the scent of coffee surrounding him, he grabbed the paper from the letter box followed by any mail. The morning air was freezing, and by the time he got back into the kitchen he welcomed the warmth.

"A normal person would have worn a jacket of some kind," Ursula said. She sat at the counter, her hair freshly brushed, looking refreshed. She wore a black robe, which swamped her. It was the robe he usually wore. He liked seeing it on her.

"Well, I forgot about the weather." He couldn't think of anything else to say. Stephen handed her the paper before pulling down two cups. He filled hers with cream and sugar while he took his black.

The paper rustled as she turned the page. He handed her a cup as he sat down opposite her. She gave him back the paper taking the drink.

"I never read the paper."

"You're a student. Shouldn't you read everything important?"

"That's the business paper. I couldn't understand a word."

She sipped her coffee, and he moved the paper to one side. "I'd better get back to my apartment and do some damage control with Paul."

His grip tightened on his cup. He didn't want her to leave. "You don't have to leave. You can live here."

Ursula stood moving round the isle until she was next to him. "And you'll be banging your staff?"

Stephen caught her hand in his, settling her down in his lap. "Don't think about yourself like that. This is more," he said.

"I work for you, Stephen. This won't work. We're too different."

"Then you're fired. If your problem is working for me I've just sorted it out."

"It's not that easy," she said.

"Yes, it is. This is my house, and what I say goes." Stephen knew he'd need to go to the club to talk to his friends about these feelings. The thought of her leaving him or going back to Paul left him feeling angry with the need to take and not let her go. "You're not going back to him. I won't let you."

She cupped his face. "I may have been stupid for staying with him, but I'm not stupid enough to go back to him."

"You're staying here," he told her.

"I can't."

"Yes, you can. I'll go with you and pack up some clothes for you. In fact let me handle everything, and you won't have to worry about anything." He liked his plan more and more.

"Stephen, you're not thinking about this."

"Look at me, Ursula." He waited until he had her attention. "Don't argue with me. I know what I want. You'll be living with me, and that's the end of it. I'm not leaving you in that place where he can get to you."

"I've got to go to college, and I work for you."

"I fired you."

"Then I've got to get a job."

"Do I need to blackmail you?" he asked. Ursula smiled at him.

"Depends on the blackmail." Her robe fell off one shoulder, her creamy shoulder tempting him to unveil more of her delicious body.

Stephen played along. "How about, if you don't do as I say I'll tie you to my bed and have my wicked way with you."

Her eyes dilated. He knew his suggestion turned her on. He pulled her robe open a little more.

"That sounds better than blackmail."

He chuckled. Never had a morning been filled with so much temptation.

"If you don't stay with me I'll make sure you get kicked out of college and not get work anywhere." He noticed she paused. The possessive need inside him made him aware of the fact he would do anything to keep her with him. Even if that meant using unscrupulous means.

"You wouldn't do that," she said. He knew she was unsure, and he played on that.

He stood using his body to crowd round her. Everything he ever known about the men at his club and those that visited Ravage came through to him. The feelings of possession that verged on obsession were filling him. He would do anything to keep her with him.

"Test me, Ursula. See if I'm joking. You don't everything about me."

He saw her swallow, then nod her head. The demon inside him was put to rest. He didn't even know he could feel like this. She went up to the room to change, and he phoned Cadeon asking for him to be at Club Possession that night. He needed to talk to someone. He was forty-five years old, and he couldn't believe he needed to talk to someone about his feelings.

Stephen dressed and waited for Ursula to come down the stairs.

Chapter Seven

Ursula stared at her reflection. She wore the same clothes from the previous night. Her pu**y ached, along with her ni**les from Stephen's lips. The way he'd spoken downstairs in the kitchen had intrigued her. He'd threatened to make her life difficult if she didn't agree to live with him. She knew he was wealthy and would be able to do what he threatened in a heartbeat. Would he do it? From the look in his eye she truly believed he was capable of it.

Why am I not pissed because of his warning?

Because you like him. You like what he does to your body, and you love spending time with him.

She let out a breath before leaving the comfort of his bedroom. He stood at the bottom of the stairs waiting. He wore black pants, a white, crisp shirt, and a leather jacket.

"We'll get breakfast on the way," he said. She nodded her head as he didn't ask her if that was what she wanted.

He grabbed her jacket and helped her into it. She felt his hands on her shoulders. His touch lingered. She closed her eyes enjoying his touch before he pulled away.

Stephen took her hand leading her outside to his car. She followed him without question. He opened the door for her and buckled her in.

"I'm not a child."

"I know. I just want to make sure you're safe."

He kissed her lips then went round to his own side. She could easily become addicted to him if she wasn't addicted already. He started the car, pressed the code for the security gate, and they were off.

Stephen took her hand as he moved the car easily along the road. She didn't like driving. The roads were always too busy, and they lived close to the main city which was a nightmare to get through.

"What kind of music do you like?" she asked.

"Classical."

"Cool." She turned on the radio and allowed the sounds of the piano to fill the car. Stephen chuckled, but he made no move to turn it off.

"How's your pu**y?" he asked suddenly.

Ursula turned to him in shock. "What?" Was he seriously asking about her pu**y?

"You heard me." He pulled into a diner that served breakfast. "Your blush is sexy." He kissed her cheek.

"What have you done with Stephen?"

"This is who I am, and, baby, you haven't seen anything yet."

"I'm fine, and all my parts are fine." He got out of the car. She was out and closing the door before he got the chance.

"I wanted to help you out of the car."

"I'm perfectly capable of opening and closing my own door." Stephen pressed her against the car.

"Next time wait for me to open your door." He kissed her lips then led her up the stairs and into the diner.

Several people stopped him, giving him a hug before he led her to a booth in the corner.

"A lot of people like you," she said.

"I'm a likeable guy when I want to be."

A waitress came out with a menu and handed it to each of them. "It has been too long since you've been here, Stephen. We were starting to worry in case you'd gone missing."

"Sorry, Diane. I've been busy."

"Are you going to introduce me to your girlfriend?"

"That depends. Are you going to scare her away?"

Ursula listened to the banter between the two, watching the different man Stephen transformed into.

"I won't bite, but that depends on what she orders. I've seen the magazines, Stephen. I know the type of woman you date."

"In that case can I have the pancakes with syrup and bacon? Extra on the pancakes," Ursula said. "I'm Ursula Mills." She put her hand out to Diane.

The other woman observed her before taking her hand. "I like her. She won't take any of your crap. He can be awfully broody sometimes." Diane jotted down her order then left.

"You have a lot of explaining to do," Ursula said.

"What?" he asked. Diane brought them out their coffee before disappearing again.

"Stephen Knox, you're a wealthy man with plenty of businesses under your belt, and yet you come to a diner and are more at home with them than you are in your own house." She'd noticed plenty of times the way he looked out of touch in certain rooms. Most of the time he looked relaxed in the kitchen.

"This is where my mum and dad used to take me for breakfast every weekend morning. They were always busy, but they never missed a day," he said.

"You loved your parents?"

"Yes. They loved each other, and at times I felt like an outsider. They did love me though. I know they did." He was smiling.

"You should smile more often. So, why do you hate your home so much?"

He paused as Diane placed pancakes in front of them. She ruffled his head then left.

"It's not my house. At least, it has never felt like my house. It's a building that's passed down through generation, and because I'm the only child of the previous Knoxes the house was passed down to me."

She nodded, biting into the pancake. "Why don't you redecorate?"

"I've never thought about it. If I redecorate then someone impersonal will be changing everything. I don't want anyone else touching my parents' house."

They ate for a little while.

"Why don't you redecorate? You could do it yourself. You work from home. Can't you have one of those phones in your ear while painting a wall?"

"Eat your food." He pointed at her plate.

Ursula didn't pursue her line of questioning. People kept approaching the table and asking how he was doing. From the bits of conversation she heard, she knew he hadn't been to the diner since his parents' death.

"How long since your parents passed?" she asked.

"A while."

"Is that why you don't come here?"

He nodded his head.

"Thank you."

"For what?"

"For bringing me to the place you shared with two people you loved. I appreciate it."Stephen reached across the table and took her hand. "Thank you," he said.

Together they finished their food and sat drinking coffee. When Diane cleared away their dishes, Stephen paid the bill and ordered her once again to put her money away. Once they were in the car she turned to face him. "I think packing some clothes and my college stuff would be easier. I can put the furniture into storage for later."

"Why? I'll arrange for my people to collect your furniture, and we can put it round the house. Whatever you don't want we can sell later on," he said.

"What happens when this." She gestured between them before finishing. "Doesn't work out?"

"Do you think I'm going to make you leave? It will work out between us." He started the car, but Ursula wasn't convinced.

"Nothing is set in stone. What if it doesn't work?"

"It will work." He sounded so determined that Ursula almost believed him. He turned the key in the ignition, and the car purred to life. Seconds later they were on the road in the direction of her apartment.

"I've seen a new side of you today," she said.

"Yeah? Do you like it?"

"I don't know. I'm use to the brooding, alcohol-driven depressive who stands with me while I cook. This will take a while getting used to." He chuckled. The sound of his chuckle went through her body making her ni**les harden and her pu**y melt. She had never known so much desire for a man. Since she'd met Paul she had seen several men, been attracted to them, but she had never gone through with it. The moment she met Stephen every other man went out of the window. He held her constant attention and made it hard for any other man to get a look in.

Maybe she should go out to a bar and make sure she wasn't on some kind of rebound. For some reason, she didn't think she was.

"Stop thinking so hard."

She smiled and leaned back in her chair to enjoy the ride. All of her problems would still be there when she thought about it.

****

Stephen didn't know why he took her to the diner. He had seen her walking down the stairs towards him and knew he wanted to take her some place he'd never taken any other woman. The last time he visited the diner had been the week before his parents passed away. They were two souls in the same pot. He manoeuvred the car round morning traffic. Diane had been a kind woman to him. She was over sixty and still running the place. He took Ursula's hand, replacing the bad thoughts with the sweet ones from last night.

He knew there would come a time when he would have to tell Ursula the truth about himself, but until he needed to he was going to enjoy their time together. Club Possession had to be kept in utmost secrecy. It was one of the main rules his father had been sure to pass down to him.

They arrived at her apartment thirty minutes later. He parked outside the building and followed her up. When he passed a mirror with the pair of them their reflection made him pause. She looked so much younger than he. He noticed the way he held or touched a part of her body, his hand at the base of her back leading her up. She didn't protest his touch. The image in the mirror hit him square between the eyes. The possessive way he looked and how he touched her reminded him of the men at his club.

It had to be possible.

He moved with her up the stairs to her room. There was no sign of damage on the outside of the door. He took the key from her, opening the door. They saw Paul gathering his stuff.

"I'm leaving," Paul said.

"Whatever." Ursula grabbed Stephen's hand, leading him through to the bedroom. She opened suitcases. They packed as much as possible. While she gathered her college work he made a quick call to his security team to over look the movement of all her furniture. Paul was cursing as they went back into the main room.

"You're telling me to leave, but you're not even living here." He looked red in the face. Stephen wanted any excuse to hit him. One word out of his mouth and he was taking the f**ker down. Paul stared at him for several moments before storming out.

"Asshole. Come on. I've got to get to college by eleven. Would you drop me off?" Ursula asked.

He grabbed her bags then walked down to the car. There was work he needed to attend to.

"I'll put my clothes away when I get back tonight."

"Okay. I'll put them in my room." He didn't know if she'd have some kind of order to her clothes.

"You want me to sleep in your room?" she asked.

He turned in his seat, cupping her face in his hands and brushing her lips with his own. When she was breathless he eased back. "You're mine, Ursula. I want you in my house, in my room, and in my bed."

"This is too surreal." She licked her lips. Stephen wanted to taste her. Last night hadn't been enough for him. He wanted more of her. The need to take her again and again consumed him. These needs had only been getting stronger the longer he knew her.

"Get used to it because I keep what's mine."

She didn't argue. He gave her another fleeting kiss before starting the car. His first destination was the college. Stephen told her, he would be picking her up. She tried to brush him off, but he saw the delight in her eyes.

The next stop was Ravage, James's exclusive BDSM club. Unlike the secrecy with which Stephen guarded Possession, James made his club visible to the public eye. However, there were parts where the public could go while others were reserved only for the experienced.

One of his security guards opened the door. He showed the guy his identity card then went straight to James's office. The door was shut. He knocked waiting to be allowed in. James let him in, shaking his hand. Stephen noticed a woman bound to a table in the corner with a ball gag in her mouth.

"One of yours?" he asked.

James shook his head. "A training sub. She came with excellent recommendations. The only problem with Kitty is she likes to talk a little too much. My clientele don't like talking subs, if you know what I mean." James took a seat behind his desk. Shrugging his shoulders, Stephen sat down in the chair in front of the desk.

"I don't like the demand on Ravage," James said. "I've had over thirty applications in the last week along with this." He handed over a piece of paper which Stephen took.

He read the note out loud. "Your time for control is over. Ravage and Possession are going down." He folded the note back then threw it on the desk. "Rather dramatic. When did you get it?" he asked.

"Last night. It was left on the bar. One of the waitresses came to me with the note." James settled back in his chair. "We've got a problem."

"No, we haven't. Random notes do not make for a problem."

"You and I both know why we keep our clubs private. These were the rules set by our fathers and the whole generation chain. Whoever is doing this knows about the clubs. He may even be a member."

Stephen thought about what the other man said. He knew something was going on by the increase in demand. Never before had he ever considered so many applications before."Look, have you gone to the police?" James asked.

"You expect me to go to the police with regards to a threat on a club considered to be a myth it is so bloody secretive?" asked Stephen.

It was one of the reasons they employed the same security firm to look into their problems. They were held by a code for the clubs and the members.

"Like you, this will stay inside with me and a few of the workers. Speaking of workers, a couple of mine were roughed up the other night."

"What do you mean?" Stephen rubbed his head. He felt the pressure in his head, which would lead to a headache. If he knew there would be problems he'd have avoided Ravage. Already he craved Ursula's touch. He wanted to take her in his arms and forget about all of his crap.

"A bunch of men grabbed a few of my submissive waitresses before the guards could help them. They took them down the alley out back and roughed them up. I don't like men who abuse women, Stephen. I'm not a happy man. I want this problem solved. I know you don't believe in the clubs, and you only dabble, but consider this high on your shit list."

James was not a man to trifle with. He gave dominant male a whole new meaning. Looking across the desk Stephen saw the anger in James, who clearly saw deeper into the situation than Stephen.

"I'll look into it."

"You better, otherwise this if going to hit us in the f**king face and not in a good way."

"No one can mention the clubs. The clause in the contract states that," Stephen said.

"Only to the men who are members. This could very well be a turned down member, Stephen. Think about that. Anyway, rumour has it you've got yourself a woman?" James smiled and transformed into a fun-loving man.

"Don't start."

"I want details. Will you be bringing her to the club?"

Stephen thought about the way she looked last night on her knees before him. Before he met her, he liked to watch the goings-on in both clubs. He thought about other men seeing Ursula, and his hackles rose. No other man would see her glorious flesh but him.

"From the look on your face I know you won't be requesting a scene room for help." Out of all of the men, Stephen had known James the longest. James was the same age, and they lived in the same street three houses over. They came from the same background, as James's parents had shared the possessive feeling. The clubs were united in their need to supply men with similar feelings a place to relax.

"Have you ever felt this possessive need to be the only man in a woman's life?" Stephen found himself asking before he could stop.

"I run a BDSM club being the main dominant. What do you think?"

"No. I'm being serious. There are women who don't inspire this feeling and others who do. You can't tell me that you feel the need to keep every woman you train by your side at all times?" Stephen sat forward thinking about the way Ursula made him heel.

James stared at him, a deathly look on his face. The other man stood walking round the desk and stopping in front of him. "I'm only telling you this because you're a friend." Stephen saw the way James ran his hand over his face. "There was a woman once. A waitress who came to work at the bar. She was beautiful and charming. The need to claim her as my own arose."

Stephen saw how hard it was for James to talk about.

"She didn't know about who I was or what I did. The club didn't have a reputation at the time. I pretended to be different. I took her on dates, and we had fun. Two people getting to know each other. Then one night while I was doing a demonstration she snuck in. When she saw me she was in shock. The relationship ended, and she left. I haven't heard from her since."

He stopped for a moment, his arms folded across his chest. "I would like to meet your woman, but don't hide who you are. It will only come back to bite you."

"And you felt those feelings stir when you were with the waitress?" Stephen asked.

"The time I spent with her I couldn't imagine another man touching her. She was mine. I'm not designed to be vanilla, Stephen. The woman I have needs to know who I am before I'll commit."

Stephen nodded. Twenty minutes later he left the club and went to his own.

Chapter Eight

After college Ursula waited for Stephen, checking her watch every couple of seconds. She didn't expect him to spend every moment of the day waiting for her. The least he could have done was be on time. She saw a couple of the other students coming towards her. They were not the nicest of students. They were a couple of girls with slim figures and perfect looks. She envied them with their easy ability to be themselves in their own skin. Sometimes she wished she was smaller or thinner. She couldn't change the woman she was obviously meant to be.

"What are you doing?" Claire asked as they neared.

"I'm just waiting for someone. My boyfriend actually." She pulled her bag up on her shoulder.

Come on, Stephen.

"Sweety, you can't call that slob a boyfriend."

"I'm not talking about him."

They gave her a disbelieving look. She noticed they sat on the wall a couple of feet away. Ten minutes later Stephen pulled up. Instead of being angry with him for being later she walked to him as he got out of the car. She wrapped her arms around his neck. He held her.

"Please, kiss me like you can't wait to get into my pants. Please." He gave her a funny look. "I'll make it up to you."

He swung her up into his arms slamming his lips on hers in the process. In no time at all she was totally devoted to the kiss, with her friends at the back of her mind. He sank his fingers into her hair combing out the locks from the ponytail she wore.

She settled down. "Wow," she said.

"Wave to your friends for the full effect."

Ursula did as he asked, then followed him to her side of the car. He helped her in. She saw the other students watching her until they drove away.

"Do you want to tell me what the display was for?" he asked.

"They drive me crazy. Paul made it worse when he turned up one day begging for money. It was awful, and I haven't been able to live it down. Thank you."

"You did say you'd make it up to me," he said.

"I know. I've got chicken in your fridge. I'll tempt your taste buds unlike anything else." She laughed when he sent her a funny look. "I promised to make it up to you. I didn't say how I'd repay you."

He chuckled. When they got home Stephen went to answer the phone while she started on dinner. She couldn't believe how fast their relationship had escalated in the last twenty-four hours. The undercurrent of sexual tension had always been there from the very moment they met, but she had never thought they would act on it. He came up behind her while she was cooking, his hands circling her waist as he nuzzled her neck. "I've got to go out after dinner," he said.

"Where to?" Her eyes closed as he cupped one of her br**sts. He set her blood on fire with need. She wore a blouse, and he unbuttoned the top buttons. A moan escaped her as he teased her ni**les once he pulled her bra out of the way.

"I could touch you all night long and never let you go. You're so soft." He kissed her neck then moved down to her shoulder. Her blouse went to the floor followed by her bra. She stood at the stove in nothing but the jeans she wore to college.

"What are you doing to me?" she asked.

"Making you mine." His free hand stroked her stomach, light strokes that left her panting for more. The small graze of his fingers on her skin was like a feather. She could feel his touch and wanted more. Why did Stephen always leave her wanting more? She felt on the verge of a great precipice with nothing to hold onto except the man in front of her. He tilted her head back to rest on his shoulder. Stephen leaned 'round and claimed her lips.

She cupped his head, conscious of her na**d br**sts. "I need to make dinner," she said as she let go of his lips.

"I'll bring some Chinese food home." Stephen turned the dials on the stove until the sound of lighted gas could be heard no more. "I need you now."

Ursula didn't protest. There was no way she could. Her body was on fire, and the only way to extinguish the flame was by Stephen.

"What are you doing to me?" she asked, not expecting an answer.

He turned her to face him. She stared into his eyes, which looked almost black with his arousal. Ursula tore at his shirt. He pulled it off over his head. She raked her nails along his chest feeling the hard press of his muscles flex under her touch. He wrapped his arms around, reeling her in. She gasped as her na**d br**sts grazed his chest.

"You feel so good." Stephen lifted her up onto the counter, his fingers sinking into the length of her hair to control her actions. He kissed her. She moaned as he plunged his tongue through her lips. The action reminded her so much of his hard c**k slamming inside her pu**y.

"More," she said.

They worked the button of her jeans, pulled the denim fabric down to her knees. He moved her off the counter turning her around so her belly was pressed on top of the counter she had just sat on.

She heard the sound of his zipper going down. In the next instant his c**k pressed against her pu**y, thrusting up inside her to the hilt. Their groans echoed off the wall. He was so big pressing all of his c**k deep into her heat. She wished she could see him. Her ass was sticking up in the air with his length in her pu**y.

He cupped her hips, running his hands up either side of her to her shoulders. She felt his fingers grip her shoulders as he pulled out then slammed back inside her. Ursula held onto the counter while her senses went into overload as he pounded her against the counter. She screamed as he released her shoulder and began to finger her clit. Pushing back against him, she tried to hold onto something.

"That's it. Give me your pleasure. Ride my f**king dick," he shouted. She cried out as he slapped her ass, the action so sudden that she paused in her response. The sting shocked her still. His fingers slid along her wet cl*t making her shove back against him. She needed to come. He held her hip as he pressed all of his hard length inside her. "I'm watching my c**k sink into your pu**y. You're wet, and your cum is all over my cock. I want to hear you scream, baby."

She didn't say a word. The pleasure was too intense for her to think a coherent thought. He knew how to drive her orgasm higher, making her last.

"Let me hear you scream," he said.

He pumped inside her until she screamed to the roof tops as her release slammed into her. He rode out her cl**ax. She felt the pulse and heat of his seed when he growled his release into her. They collapsed on the counter, his hands on her h*ps in a bruising grip.

He kissed her neck down to her back, along her shoulders. "You're amazing."

"I can't believe we're doing this," she said.

"Why?"

"I don't know. I feel like we barely know each other." She knew her doubts were her own problems. Not every couple out there began a relationship after years of dating.

"You've been working for me for a couple of months, and you know more about me than most."

"I work for you."

"Not any more. Don't over-complicate our situation." He pulled away from her. She couldn't help but blush when he grabbed a towel to press between her legs.

"I don't mean to over-complicate matters."He turned her around and kissed her.

"Do you want me?" he asked.

She nodded her head without hesitating.

"I want you every second of every minute of every day. I don't need time for me to know that I want you. I know who you are. You're a beautiful, intelligent woman. I love being in your company. I want you, Ursula. Not just the sex. The sex is great, but I want you. All of you." He tipped her head back. She had no choice but to gaze at him.

Ursula knew she was falling for him. Stephen made her think about so many things all at once. Licking her lips, she glanced down at his lips before returning to stare into his hypnotic eyes. As silly as it sounded, she knew she was falling in love with him.

"I'll be back later with food. Rest, and I'll see you soon." He kissed her a last time, long and lingering. She heard the door then the car as he drove off.

Dressing quickly, she cleared away the small amount of food she'd prepared then went upstairs to begin unpacking her clothes. She opened the door to his closet, which looked like a spare bedroom that housed all of his clothes. Staring at his suits, she ran a hand over each item of clothing. He had spectacular taste in clothes. She loved seeing him in dashing suits.

Ursula hung each item of clothing on the spare hangers. Her clothing looked cheap compared to his. She shook her head on the way out, thinking about their relationship and all the reasons it wouldn't work.

He's older than I, but that makes him experienced. You love his company even though he can be grumpy.

She fought with her inner self trying to find the reasons they couldn't work. Instead, she always found excuses. She ran herself a bath, undressing in front of the mirror to gaze at her body.

How could a wealthy, sexy businessman like Stephen Knox want her?

Her br**sts were too large with big ni**les. She'd seen enough na**d women in Paul's p**n flicks to know men liked big tits with small ni**les. Her waist rounded in then curved out for her big h*ps and chunky thighs. She would never possess the body of a size twelve, let alone someone much smaller. Most of the time when she went shopping she tried not to see the size of her clothing. She had come to accept she was the bigger, fuller woman. Being with Stephen made her nervous. What if he tried to change her? Would he request she go on a diet?

If he didn't like you the way you are, he wouldn't be moving you in or sleeping with you.

She tucked her hair behind her ears and smiled. For whatever reason, Stephen had picked her. While it lasted she wouldn't do anything to change their situation. Her body hummed with the sexual excitement he created. She missed him already. Grabbing her watch, she checked the time then got in the lukewarm water. She looked forward to him coming home.

Once she was done with her bath, she went downstairs, made herself a cup of tea, and waited for her man to arrive home. She settled for a romance movie while she had her textbook resting on her lap.

Stephen returned home several hours later. He looked tired, but he held two bags of Chinese food. They ate in front of the television, her feet resting in his lap. She felt so comfortable with him, as if they'd been together for years not months. Their time together had started when she began to work for him. The tension between them had started when they first met. He stroked her leg while they ate. It was the first time since leaving home that she felt so at ease. She knew she could happily spend the rest of her life like this.

****

Two days later

Paul couldn't believe that bitch had kicked him out. After all he'd done for her. No man would want her. He scuffed his shoes along the pavement feeling the anger bubble up inside him. His family wanted nothing to do with him. They thought he was a no-good piece of shit.

Who wanted to work anyway? Life was so much better when a woman went out and did all the work. He liked staying at home, watching p**n and wanking all day. Now he had no home, no girlfriend, and no way to get a job.

Living in an apartment with the promise of paying rent at the end of the month would only last him a couple of weeks. If the landlord had been a girl he'd have offered to bang her for living free. His luck was truly down, and it was because of that bitch.

He couldn't believe she'd been cheating on him and with that wealthy son of a bitch, too.

Cursing, he walked into the job centre in an attempt to find a job. He'd find one, then get a woman, move in, and then get fired like he'd done with Ursula. His plan always worked. At twenty-five he could easily bag a woman.

After an hour of looking and being treated like crap, he walked out of the job centre more angered than anything else. Ursula was going to be living the high life while his life turned to shit.

He wanted to hurt her. When he'd popped her cherry he'd thought he'd been onto a winner. If a woman was going to wait to lose her virginity then she would be loyal.

"Fucking bitch."

Turning down a street, he followed the path until he got to the park. He crossed the park, kicking up the sand in the sandbox. The kids wouldn't have much fun the next day with sand over the floor. Paul chuckled before exiting the park. A limousine was positioned outside the gate. He scowled at it then walked a bit farther down the road. The black limousine followed him. He stopped, staring at the door waiting.

The back door opened. A man with blond hair, and a nicely cut suit got out. Paul stared at him. The man had the boy-next-door look.

"I hear, Paul Mellor, that you, my friend, have fallen on hard times."

"How do you know my name?" Paul asked. The blond smiled, and he saw the evil in that look.

"Oh, Paul. I know a lot about you. I know you haven't worked for most of your life. You do what you have to, to get by. Women are you meal ticket as they're too brain dead to force you out to work. I know you like watching p**n and doing your thing with that." He waved at his cock. "I also know we have an enemy in common."

"I don't know you, and you know shit about me." Paul went to walk away, tired of other people telling him what he could and couldn't do.

"What if I can give you all of those things for free?"

Paul stopped and turned. "I'm listening."

"First, you need to get in. I've got stuff to discuss with you, and I don't want to do it out in the open."

Paul stared at the door, the man, and the rest of the world that lay ahead of him. Without thinking, he got into the plush limousine. He melted against the leather. The scent of wealth and extravagance surrounded him.

"You will like what I have to offer."

"What?"

"What if I could give you the lifestyle that meant you wouldn't have to work again? You wouldn't need to watch p**n flicks because the girls will come to you for your own pleasure. More cunt than you could stand. More money than you could spend. How does that sound?"

"Real good." Paul rubbed the leather, licking his lips. He liked this guy already.

"All I need is for you to do me a few favours and you can have the world."

Paul would do anything for what he was offering. Pussy all around him. Spending his days spending and f**king. He'd do anything for it.

"You haven't told me your name."

"Eugene. My name is Eugene Black."

Chapter Ten

Stephen and Ursula developed a routine. He would drive her to the college campus every morning and pick her up at night. Most of his spare time was spent at the club. After his conversation with James he'd sought out Cadeon to see if he could shed any light on the way he was thinking. Every time he dropped her off Stephen struggled to drive away. He wanted to keep his eye on her at all times. When she wasn't by his side, he grew impatient for the time to go to have her back next to him.

Their time together was filled with consuming passion.

He tried to find out who had sent a note to both him and James. Rebecca for the time being was safe as Tate and Kevin kept her safe. The only time he could forget all the chaos happening around him was when Ursula was with him.

November was at a close, and December looked to be an even crazier month than the one before. Ursula was determined to get him in the festive mood. He, personally, hadn't celebrated Christmas since his parents passed away. There were times he wondered why he'd stopped living because of the lack of his parents' presence.

In the event of the spirit he invited the few members of the club to his home for drinks. James couldn't make it as Ravage was undergoing some staffing problems. Another note had arrived with the same threat. Neither of them could go to the police. If they went to the police they would have to give them access to their clubs, which defeated everything they'd been told by their fathers.

He watched Ursula getting ready. The red dress she wore moulded against her curves, making his c**k ache. She truly was a sensational beauty and the woman who owned his heart. His doubts were still in place about the whole possessive feeling, but he knew he loved her. She conversed and fought with him on a daily basis, and the sex was more fiery than anything he'd ever experienced.

"Why did we have to invite my friends for drinks?" he asked.

"This is not just your friends but your board of directors. You own several companies, Mr. Knox, and you asked me before I became your girlfriend to organise this little get-together." She walked to the bed showing him her back. "Zip me, please."

Instead of zipping up her dress, he pressed his hands inside the dress, kissing her neck as she moaned.

"You're not playing fair."

"We can ignore the door, and I'll make it worth your while." He tried to tempt her. Her hair lay in spiral curls down her back. He loved her hair like this. She looked absolutely stunning, and he'd paid for her to have her hair done. Stephen had to force her to accept his gifts. He wanted her to have everything.

He reached up in the front of the dress, cupping her bra-covered tits.

"We can't," she said.

"Yes, we can." He pushed the dress off her shoulders exposing her creamy shoulders for him to kiss. Her eyes closed as she leaned back against him.

Stephen stared at her reflection in the mirror. She looked so beautiful in his arms, her body so open for him to give her pleasure.

She caught his hands. "I spent weeks organising this. Please, I'll make it worth your while if you go down and host this party together."

He sighed and gave in. There was no way he could refuse the pleading look in her eyes. "I've got a gift that I want you to wear."

"I've told you not to buy me gifts, Stephen."

"I wanted to." He pulled the dress back into place then zipped the back. He didn't want to zip her up. "You'll take the gift."

She didn't argue. Stephen gave her a quick fleeting kiss before going to his jacket. He pulled out the small square box. After taking her to the college campus on Monday, he'd gone into the city and purchased several pieces of expensive jewellery. The moment he saw the ring he was about to give her, he knew it would look perfect on her. He needed to put something on her so other men would know who she belonged to.

"Wear this for me." He sat on the edge of the bed with the box resting on his palm.

"Stephen?" She sounded nervous.

"It's not a wedding ring. This is just a token of my affection."

Her hand trembled as she took the box from him. She opened the lid, and he heard her gasp.

"Stephen." His name came out in a breathless sigh. "It's beautiful. You don't have to buy me any gift."

He waved his hand at her comment. There was so much more he wanted to say to her. Stephen took the box from her hands, took the ring out of the slit, and slid the delicate diamond ring on her finger. He made sure to linger a little. The token of his affection and the mark of his ownership was on her. He moved to her jewellery box and removed the golden necklace from its perch. She stood waiting for him. Stephen pushed her curls out of the way to fit the pendant necklace round her. This necklace had belonged to his mother. His father had told him that the oldest son in the family had to give the necklace to the woman they loved, the woman whom they felt so possessive towards. He knew his feelings for Ursula were verging on obsession. He spent every waking moment thinking about her. Her thoughts and emotions were always on his mind.

"This is such a beautiful necklace," she said.

Laying a kiss to the back of her neck, he let her curls slide down in place. "It was a family heirloom."

"It's an heirloom. Stephen, you never told me this was that valuable." She tried to take the necklace off, but he stopped her.

"Stop it." He ordered her. She stopped immediately. He knew there was a tone of voice he used which got her to do what he wanted straight away. "This is an heirloom passed down to the first-born son, who then give it to a woman ... a woman of importance to him."

"You should save it for the woman you're going to marry," she said.

I'm staring at the woman I'm going to marry. You own me, Ursula. Heart, mind, body, and soul. I am yours.

He thought the words that he was unable to say out loud. "I gave the necklace to you, Ursula. I want you to wear it. No one else." He spun her to face him. "I don't want you taking those off. Do you understand?"

"I don't know. These are expensive."

"No. I want you to keep the ring and the necklace on." Stephen stared at her, feeling desperate to have her submit to him at this point.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, her full body pressing against his. His c**k thickened as it always did at her close proximity. "I promise. You're a strange man. Do you know that?"

"I never said I was normal."

"No, you're not. You have a grumpy attitude, and you always make me forget the difference between us."

"What differences?" he asked.

She licked her lips, her tongue peeking out. He got the vision of her on her knees before him as he slid his c**k into her mouth. A moan escaped him. "Now who's not playing fair?"

"What?" she asked, looking all innocent.

"I will tie you to my bed if you don't stop licking your lips." He moved her back toward the end of the poster, pinning her against the framework.

"Tie me to the bed? That sounds awfully kinky for a guy who has a silver spoon up his ass," she said, teasing him.

"So, you think men who have money can't be kinky?" He smiled thinking about all the wealthy powerful men at his club. Not all of the men had been born into wealth, but a great deal of them had.

"I know what I see in the movies and read. Wealthy men like to be dominated."

He flung his head back and laughed. An image of Cadeon, James, Lucas, and the others tied up in leather ready to be flogged entered his mind.

"You have a lot to learn," he said.

"Are you going to teach me?" She pressed her body against him, her pelvis pressing against his cock. He slapped her ass causing her to yelp.

"I'm more than willing to teach you." He soothed the area he slapped. She went to say something more, but the doorbell rang. They both groaned. "We could still ignore it."

"No. I probably have a reputation for being a gold-digger. I don't want to give them any more cause to doubt me."

"They wouldn't dare say anything bad about you," Stephen said.

"Why not?"

"I'm a powerful man, and I can crush them like they're bugs."

She chuckled. "I'll keep that in mind."

"I'll go and answer the door."

"Don't be grumpy."

"Why spoil my reputation?" He left the room as she threw a pillow in his direction. The fire inside him had eased the moment he put the ring and necklace on her. He passed a picture of his mother in the hall way on the way towards the front door. She wore the necklace in the portrait. His mother looked beautiful and happy. He hoped to one day give Ursula the same happiness.

He opened the door with the scowl returning. Members of the club had arrived, along with a couple of the directors on his board. He didn't like entertaining in his home. This was the first year he'd done any entertaining. Cadeon, with Violet and Lucas, walked in first.

"It's cold out there. I was freezing my nuts off," Lucas said.

Cadeon laughed. "I was surprised to get an invite." He held Violet at his side, a protective arm around his woman. "Where is your woman, anyway? She's been getting a lot of speculation just recently."

As if she heard them, Ursula appeared at the top of the stairs. "Has Stephen become grumpy again?"

She began to descend the stairs. Stephen felt a lump form in his throat. In the light of the hall and stairs she looked absolutely stunning. He moved to the stairs oblivious to the glances coming their way.

Stephen held out his hand, which she took.

"Isn't he always grumpy? You look gorgeous, Ursula," Cadeon said. Stephen introduced her to Violet. Both women went into the kitchen. The waiters arrived to bring help with drinks. In no time at all, the small dinner was in full swing. Stephen hated every second of her being in the company of other men. He wanted to pull her away from everyone and keep her to himself.

He took a long drink of whiskey. Sean turned up, and he sat with the men from the club. They asked him for updates on the problems he'd told them happening between Ravage and Possession.

"What does James think about everything?" Sean asked.

"He has his team on it, and so do I. The last thing we need is either club to become public knowledge." Stephen sipped his beer, at the same time searching for Ursula. She stood with Violet. No one else was next to them.

"You feel it, too, don't you?" Cadeon asked.

"Feel what?" Stephen tore his gaze away from her to stare at his friend.

"The need to go to her. You feel yourself losing control when a man takes a step in her direction."

"I don't see you going to Violet," Stephen said.

"It doesn't mean I don't want to. I've clocked three men who have their eye on my woman. The moment anyone makes a move towards her, she'll be back here with me."

Stephen gazed into his empty glass thinking about what Cadeon said. He didn't want to admit to the feelings he described. For some reason he was still holding himself back from the truth.

"I need to get myself another drink." He stood and went into his study to gain control. After putting the glass down he sat on his couch and counted to ten. When he opened his eyes, he saw the picture of his mother and father together, taunting him.

In that split second, he hated his parents for leaving him, not only for leaving him but leaving him without any knowledge of what to do about his growing feelings.

There was no way Ursula could accept him being part of a club who believed they were possessive towards their woman. The little joke of them being the Owners would send her away.

"If I'm not possessive what the hell is happening to me?"

****

"He's in denial," Cadeon said. Lucas watched his friend and boss disappear into his study. Sean sat back while Tate and Kevin took long drinks of their beer.

"What do you expect us to do? He's clearly denying any knowledge of how he feels." Lucas ran a hand over his face, glancing at the woman in question. She truly was a peach, a beautiful woman who'd made his friend happy.

"The problem you have with Stephen is he doesn't believe. Where most of us have felt possessive towards all the women in our lives, he hasn't. He shared his women with men who weren't inclined our way. I know he's never loved a woman enough to stay with her for longer than a couple of months. They come and go. Ursula is the first woman that I know of to live in the same house as him," Cadeon said.

"Stephen doesn't believe in any of it?"

"Nope. Up until I met Ursula I was starting to think it wasn't in him. The way he treated women would shock the very foundations of what Possession and Ravage stand for. I think he needs a wake-up call." Cadeon sat forward. Lucas listened to the other man, intrigued about what he was saying. He'd not known Stephen long, but he liked the man even if he was moody at times. Who wouldn't be? Lucas knew the kind of stress Stephen was under.

"What do you suggest?" Sean asked.

"I think he needs to know what it feels like when a man comes onto his girl. Lucas and Sean are the only two unattached males here. I'd ask James if he were here, but he's not."

"You're asking us to break the code of the club? I'm already on a warning, Cadeon. I'm not going to get my ass sent to hell just because Knox won't admit to his own male instincts," Sean said.

"I'll guarantee you won't have a problem with the club. Just do this, Sean. He needs to know what is going on inside him."

Lucas stared at Ursula. He didn't want to go through with it, but he understood Cadeon's reasoning. After several moments, he stood and walked over to her. She looked up at him with a smile.

"Hi, I'm Lucas Sanchez, one of Stephen's friends." He held his hand out to her. She shook his hand. Sean joined him.

Chapter Eleven

Ursula shook the hands of both men. She recognised them from when they'd been at Stephen house when she was still his employee.

"It's nice to meet you both. I'm Ursula Mills. Where is Stephen? Has he hidden away being moody?" she asked. She thought she'd done a great job of the get-together. When he'd asked her to organise and host it for him several months ago she hadn't thought how important it was to her for it to be perfect.

"He's in his office. We wanted to talk to the woman who has taken her place in his life." Lucas leaned in close placing a hand at the back of the wall. She frowned at his closeness but didn't say anything.

"Yeah, tell us about yourself."

She smiled at both men. They were clearly trying to get to know the woman their friend was with.

"Okay, you want to know about me?"

They nodded. "I met Stephen during my interview. He'd lost his last housekeeper, I think through an argument about his life or something. We met, we hit off, and he hired me. I've been cleaning and cooking his house ever since."

"Is that all you are? A cleaner?" Lucas asked. He reached out to stroke her hair. She pulled away from him. The only man who could touch her was Stephen. She didn't like the thought of another's touch.

"I'm more than a cleaner. If you don't like the fact I'm Stephen's girlfriend, then tell him you don't like his choice." She moved away from them feeling hurt. Why was she hurt when she knew his friends wouldn't like her? They only saw a gold-digger. She walked into the kitchen in time to see two of the male waiters kissing passionately.

A gasp escaped her, and they broke apart offering excuses.

"Don't worry about it. I'm going to get some fresh air," she said. The passionate display by the two men in the kitchen reminded her of the way Stephen took her in the same room. The frozen night gripped her. She liked being cold as it would dampen her arousal for the older man currently sulking in his study.

What had she gotten herself into?

Ursula stared out into the night thinking about her situation. All she did was doubt herself with Stephen when he was not in her company. Should she take it as a sign?

The thoughts and doubts were driving her crazy. She didn't know what to make of everything that was happening to her. Her parents wanted to meet the man she'd moved in with. She knew they would be unhappy when they saw him. Most people knew who Stephen Knox was even if they weren't in the same social circles.

She fingered the pendant he'd given her. Why did he have to give her a family heirloom? Every time she thought they were having fun then he'd give her something that made her feel more and more like his girlfriend or wife than a lover. She knew he hadn't given this pendant to anyone else. His mother when she was alive had worn the same pendant. She'd seen his family portraits and recognised the gift he'd given her.

Taking a breath she tried to analyse everything about him within a few moments. She knew her feelings for him were getting deeper. Part of her accepted the fact she was in love with him while another still denied any such feelings for him. The door behind her opened. Ursula turned to see Cadeon standing behind her. She stared back across the darkened garden as she tried to stem the flow of tears. So much was happening in her life, and she needed the world to stop for a few minutes for her to keep up. Stephen had a way of inserting himself into her life without her having any control over it. The worst part of all it was she liked him there. He dropped her off at college, and she wanted to go with him. The desire to be with him at all times scared her. For the last four years she'd been on her own with Paul. She never needed him or wanted him as much as she wanted Stephen, and the emotions were scaring her.

Cadeon stood next to her near the railing. He kept his distance from her, and for that she was thankful.

"I've never seen Stephen like this," he said.

"Like what?" She bit her lip in an attempt to keep the tears inside.

"Happy. I know he's got his moods, but I see a different inside him. He has been more diligent in work. Taking control of his business." He kept talking to her about Stephen's improvement.

"You're talking about him as if he was a child." She rubbed her arms. Cadeon draped his jacket over her arms to keep the cold away. "Thank you."

"I know Stephen wouldn't want you to catch a cold. I imagine he would love the excuse to keep you at home."

She didn't argue.

"He's not a child. I know he's older than I am, but since his parents passed there has been a lack of caring inside him. Before his parents died, he'd already taken over the reins of every company his father ran. The moment they were gone, he didn't even bother. Most of his days have been spent lurking everywhere."

She listened to what he had to say. Stephen clearly covered his pain with his moods. "Do you know if he even cried over his parents' passing?"

"I don't think Stephen is capable of crying. I've never seen him show any emotion besides anger."

Ursula knew he got angry over the littlest thing. His anger had never been directed at her. "I'm not here for his money," she said.

"I know."

She frowned then turned to stare at him. "Why?"

"Stephen is many things, but a fool with a gold-digger isn't one of them. If anything, I think you're good for him."

"His other friends don't seem to think so."

"Lucas and Sean were trying to make Stephen see something. I swear they mean you no harm. You're Stephen's woman, and they wouldn't hurt you. We're trying to get him to see something."

"What are you trying to get him to see?" she asked.

Cadeon chuckled. "Would you believe me when I say I can't tell you? I'm bound to keep the explanation to myself."

"That is not fair. You're asking me to be near two men I don't know without any reason as to why."

"Stephen will tell you in his own good time. Trust me, and come inside. You'll catch your death in this cold."

Ursula followed him inside, handing him his jacket. She saw Violet sitting on the counter waiting for him. He went to her, sinking his fingers into her hair, pulling her towards him for a deep kiss. Ursula watched them. They were connected in a vibrant kind of way. Their love could be felt for miles. She also saw how young she was compared to the other man.

"Are you all right?" Cadeon asked.

"I missed you," Violet said.

"We'll go soon."

Ursula waved them away. She needed a few moments before going back into the other room. With a hand on her hip she took a few deep calming breaths to gain her composure.

When she went back into the main bulk of the party she noticed several people had left. Stephen's idea of a party baffled her. They were wealthy businessmen, and she knew they did things differently.

Lucas and Sean approached her. They each wore a warming smile. When they moved her into a corner they began to talk her about everything and anything. She learnt a great deal about each man. Lucas was more playful while Sean was more serious. Each man had lost someone. She didn't know how she knew, but it was clear in the way they were. They held themselves back as if they were scared to get close to someone. Cadeon sat across from them, and she saw him staring at the door to Stephen's study.

She had no idea what was going on, but if it helped the man she cared about then she would do anything.

You're in love with him.

****

Stephen ran his fingers through his hair, put the empty glass down, and walked out of the study. He noticed many of the directors had left, which made him relieved. Dealing with men who worked with him was the last on his to-do list. Next, his gaze sought out Ursula. He found her and watched as Lucas and Sean crowded around Ursula. He knew they wouldn't do anything to her, but he couldn't stop the anger building inside him. He slammed the door to his study not caring the attention he caught. He walked over to where they stood. Cadeon tried to hold him back. Stephen pushed him away. No one was moving in on his woman. This feeling felt so similar to that morning when she spoke of going back to her apartment. He didn't like it, either.

Grabbing Sean, he slammed him up against the wall. This was his home. They weren't in the club, and they were trying to take her. All he could think about was getting the men away from her. He didn't see Lucas and Sean. He saw two men trying to take Ursula. The violence inside him startled him. Stephen couldn't stop himself. When he raised his fist, James stopped him holding him back. They caught the attention of a few people, but they were able to pull him into his study. Stephen saw Ursula was held back in the hall. Sean and Lucas, Tate, Kevin, and Cadeon were already there. James was still physically restraining him.

"Get your f**king hands off me," Stephen said.

"Calm the f**k down," James yelled. Tate and Kevin were at the door, guarding it. "I'll let you go when I know you won't attack your friends."

"I thought you weren't coming. What's wrong? Couldn't resist taking my woman either?" He snarled, cursed, and kicked out.

"Violet is with Ursula. They're fine," Cadeon said.

Sean and Lucas were seated on his couch. After several minutes he began to calm down. He no longer saw the enemy. He saw two friends he'd attacked. James let him go when his body went lax. Stephen went straight for his whiskey. He needed the burn of the drink as it went down his throat.

The tension inside him began to ease. Stephen felt the eyes of the men on him. He didn't like to be closely observed.

"I don't want your woman. I haven't met her, Stephen. I came here because I had news, and I saw you about to attack your friends. Are you really too stupid to realise what is going on with you?" James asked. His voice was rising with every word he spoke.

Stephen felt ashamed for the way he responded. "I only saw two men trying to take my woman."

"So, you're finally admitting to being possessive towards her?" Cadeon asked.

"I-I-" Stephen couldn't answer.

"Oh for f**k's sake. You were about to pummel two friends that you've known for a lot longer than a piece of ass," James yelled at him.

"Don't talk about her like that." Stephen stood toe to toe with his oldest friend, the one man who knew everything about him.

"Why not? If you're not going to possess her or claim her as your own then she's just a piece of ass to me. Maybe I should go out there and take her for a test run? Show her what a real dominant is all about." James was taunting him, and it worked. Stephen lashed out, but James avoided the punch. Sean and Lucas held Stephen back. "Admit that you're a possessive man."

Stephen struggled as he fought with himself. He didn't know why he was denying it. His heart was slamming against his ribs. The need to beat the shit out of any man who talked about Ursula like that consumed him.

The next instant he felt the wave of possessive feeling overcome him. He knew what his friends were saying was right. There was no other way he could describe the feelings inside him. They were the same kind of feelings he'd seen inside other male members at the club.

"Accept who you are, Stephen, before it kills you and your woman. This is important. Feel the possession, and accept it. You're a dominant man who won't share your woman. You want her every second so no other person can be near her. You're an Owner." James spoke every word Stephen was feeling.

He let go. Closing his eyes, he allowed his body to accept the part of him that hadn't risen before in his life.

"How do you cope with these feelings?" he asked Cadeon.

"I know Violet loves me. I was her first in everything, and it helps keep the demon at rest."

"I've never felt this way about any woman in my life. I've seen the way you all are with the women you've been with. Why haven't I felt like this until now?" Stephen asked all the men in the room.

"We're not a bloody race, Stephen. There is no scientific experiment to see how we react. There are only the few select members who can relate to how we feel. You know this. Your father told you, like his father told him. This is something we've got to deal with." James sat opposite him.

Stephen remembered all the conversations he'd had with his father. He also recalled going out and sleeping with every woman he could find to try to awaken the need inside him. At the time he had thought it would be cool to be possessive about a woman. The feelings inside him were too intense.

"You have to learn to control it," Cadeon said.

Stephen opened the top buttons of his shirt. He needed the fresh air.

"Now you know about this I need to start talking about what is going on," James said.

He pulled out a piece of paper from his jacket and handed it to Stephen. He opened it up and saw several pictures. Some were taken inside both clubs; another was of Ursula. There was also a picture of Violet and Rebecca. Each woman he recognised as being claimed by members of his or James's club.

"What is this?" he asked.

"Turn them over," James said.

Stephen turned each photo over. On the back a note read, "Can you protect them all?" He gave the photos to each man. Cadeon ran his fingers through his hair.

"Violet went out shopping there. She didn't know someone was watching her," Cadeon said.

"I think the point of the photos is to show us none of the women knew. I'm more concerned about the photos of Ursula and Rebecca. They are the main women under our protection. All the other women have their own protectors," Stephen said.

"Actually, Rebecca is my responsibility, and Ursula is yours, Stephen," Cadeon said.

"You don't need to worry about Rebecca. She's our responsibility," Tate said.

"I'll always feel responsible for her until you claim her in marriage or something. I should have protected her in my club. I didn't." Stephen knew he'd made a mistake. Rebecca was a woman who needed protection, and Ursula was his main responsibility.

Cadeon flicked through the photos. Tate and Kevin came to look at each one. The photo in question was taken round the back of Rebecca's house. He knew from Cadeon she was trying to deal with her fear of going outside. She stood in the open doorway trying to take a step outside.

There were curses round the room. "Whoever this is knows about the club and Rebecca's connection to it," James said.

The tension in the room could be cut with a knife.

"All the other photos are taken in public places. This is direct. Not many people know about Rebecca," Stephen said.

"The only people who know about Rebecca are the people in this room and two other people," James said. His back was to them as he stared out of the window. All Stephen saw was the other man's reflection. "The only two men who know about Rebecca are Lloyd Black and his son, Eugene Black."

"There is no way that little f**ker can do something like this," Sean said. "He hasn't got a f**king brain cell inside his head."

"Never underestimate him. Eugene had a knack for being silent. He was probably more involved in both clubs than we realise," James said, turning round to them.

Stephen sat back thinking about everything that had happened. "Any news on the son?"

"Nope."

"We need to find Eugene, and until then I want more security on the women. Talk to the members of your club and warn them to keep their women safe," Stephen said. "Also, I need some time alone with Ursula. So I want you guys to get out of my home."

Several minutes later they exited the study. More guests had left. Ursula stood with Violet. They were talking, but each of them faced the study. Violet went to Cadeon immediately. Ursula stayed where she sat. The uncertainty on her face upset Stephen. Stephen went to her, taking her hand to help her stand.

"I think it's time to make the guests leave," he said.

"I'll let you tell them to leave. I've already done as much as I can. I'll see the waiters out." She moved away from him. He watched her go, her ass catching his gaze as it swayed from side to side.

The guests left, leaving a fuming Ursula waiting for him. He accepted what he'd refused to believe up until that point. There was no way he could deny the hunger inside him to possess her and claim her as his own. The feelings were growing every day. He couldn't believe he'd been so stupid to ignore them up to this point. He closed the door to see her a few feet away from him.

"I worked my ass off for this little party of yours, which you demanded that I organise and attend months ago. Considering I don't have that silver spoon we mentioned earlier, I thought I'd done a great job. Why did you have to f**k it up?" She was angry, her hands on her waist. He saw the glint of the necklace, and his temper calmed. "First, you sulked off into your study, which was plain rude. Then you attack two of your friends drawing attention to yourself. There was yelling from inside the study. Do you have any idea what that was like?"

"I made a mistake. I'm sorry." He moved closer to her.

They were alone. The men were gone. Ursula was all his.

"No, you don't get to look at me like that. I'm angry at you. You were unfair."

Stephen walked slowly towards her. She looked so f**king tempting in the red dress. He knew what lay underneath, and he wanted her. He wanted her large tits in his hands and his c**k inside her cunt. The need to hear her screaming his name as he pounded inside her pu**y was taking over.

"Would you stop? I'm not going to let you off that easy."

"I'm sorry," he said. He took another step closer. "I didn't like Lucas or Sean being that close to you."

"They're your friends."

"Being my friends doesn't mean I trust them."

"That's stupid." She took a step back when she clearly noticed him advancing on her. "We wouldn't have done anything," she said.

"I know you wouldn't have done anything. I don't know about the other two."

"What's that supposed to mean?" she asked. Another step taken and another step back. He knew in a few more steps her back would hit the wall. She would have nowhere else to go, and she would be all his.

"You're a sexy woman, Ursula. You're smart and funny."

"I clean houses to make a living, Stephen."

"Not anymore," he said. She took another step back, and then her back hit the wall. He smiled as he made the last step closing all the distance between them.

"That doesn't change who I am," she said.

"Lucas works for me. He doesn't have money. Everything he's got has been earned through hard work and time."

She nodded her head. "I wouldn't have let them put a finger on me."

"Weren't you tempted?" He knew she wasn't. The men had cooked up a plan to try to get him admit the man he was. The plan worked better than he thought possible.

"Never."

Stephen stroked a curl. "Everyone has gone."

"I know." He caressed her cheek enjoying the smoothness of her skin against his knuckles. "I don't like sharing you."

"You don't have a choice."

"Yes, I do. I don't want you alone with another man again."

"Stephen, you can't control the people I work with or go to college with." She held onto his hands where they cupped her cheeks.

He tilted her head back to gaze into her gray eyes. "You never have to go to college again or think about work." Stephen knew she wouldn't take the offer. Ursula wasn't made to be a kept woman.

"I can't do that. I like studying, and there will come a point where I'll want to work." She moaned as he stroked the back of her neck. He needed to touch na**d flesh. Stephen found her zipper and eased it down. He touched her back making both of them moan. "I can't think when you do that."

"Then don't think." He eased the dress off her shoulder and followed the dress down until it lay on the floor. Kneeling in front of her, he gazed up at her body. The heels she wore were sexy as hell, curving her calves, but he'd rather have her legs wrapped around his waist instead of encased in the shoes.

He ran his hands up her legs to hold the sheer pair of panties she wore. Slowly, he peeled them down her legs. The musky scent of her arousal teased his nostrils. The need to taste her consumed him. He picked up one leg placing it on his knee. She was partially open to him, her pubic hair outlining her pu**y lips. He saw her cream coating her lips.

"You're wet," he said.

"Whenever you're near I'm wet."

Stephen smiled, liking her answer. He teased her creamy slit with his finger. A gasp echoed in the air, and he watched two fingers slide into her moist heat. She was hot and tight, her pu**y gripping his fingers as if she didn't want him to go.

"You want me." She didn't respond. There was no need to say any words. Lifting up until he was on eye level, he tilted her h*ps back for him to get to her clearly. He spread her open for him to see her gorgeous, swollen clit. Her moans filtered through his foggy aroused brain. After what had happened today, he wanted to spend as much time as possible with her. He licked along her slit taking as much of her cum as he could into his mouth. She tasted musky and sweet all at the same time.

Sliding two fingers inside her weeping cunt, he flicked her cl*t with his tongue, feeling her cum spill onto his fingers. She was so wet and getting wetter with his ministrations. Her tits were still covered by her bra. Her tummy quivered with each thrust of his fingers.

When her breaths came out in short sharp pants, he increased to three fingers and kept tonguing her clit.

She came apart in his arms. Her pu**y tightened around his digits. He held onto her back trying to help her stay upright. Stephen brought her down slowly. He pulled out of her body and stood up. Her bra went onto the floor, followed by his shirt. She sank to her knees, pulling at his belt. He pushed the zipper down as she pushed his pants down to his knees. Stephen rarely wore underwear. His c**k sprang out, thick and long and leaking pr**cum out of the tip.

With her hand on his cock, she spun them so he was up against the wall. He braced himself for what was to come. She licked the tip taking his cum. He saw the line of his seed on her tongue before she swallowed it down.

"Fuck," he growled.

She took the head of his c**k between her lips sucking on him. He tried to push more inside her. She refused to take any more. Stephen knew she was controlling his actions. She cupped his balls in her palm, massaging them with her fingers. He moaned as another wave of pleasure rolled through him. There was no way he couldn't respond to her touch. She took the mushroom head back into her mouth. Sucking the tip, she flicked her tongue along the tip taking more of his cum.

He closed his eyes enjoying the sensation she was creating. She sucked more of him into her mouth until he hit the back of her throat. Gazing down into her eyes, he saw the desire there. She enjoyed sucking his cock. Her fingers teased his balls as she licked up the vein of his shaft. He stroked her hair, loving the feel of her silky strands running through his fingers.

Her moans vibrated up the length of his cock. He loved the way she licked up each side then swallowed him down. All the while her fingers massaged his balls as her other hand either rested on his thigh or gripped the base of his shaft.

He fisted her hair taking over control of her actions. She let him, and that made him harder. His pr**cum oozed out of the tip as she gave herself over to him. He moved her head up and down. She took more of him in her mouth. Slowly, he glided along her tongue. When he hit the back of her throat he waited for her to get used to the feel.

"Open up for me," he said. "Breathe through your nose."

She followed his instructions. He moved past her gag reflex, coming back up to give her time to breathe. She took more of him each time. Stephen didn't want to come in her mouth. He wanted to be inside her.

Ursula stood up when he gave her hair a slight pull to let her know what he wanted. Stephen pushed his pants down then grabbed her close. Her br**sts smashed against his chest as he slammed his lips down on hers.

"You're so f**king beautiful. I'm going to f**k you." He kissed her deeply, plundering her mouth with his tongue. She ran her hands up and down his chest. Her fingers circled his c**k pumping him in her fist. Her soft belly was a cushion for his cock.

"Stop. I don't want to spunk on your stomach."

Her eyes dilated.

"Do you like it when I talk dirty?" he asked.

"Yes. I love the sound of your voice." She gasped when he tweaked each of her ni**les.

He moved her down the hall so she could see herself in the mirror. Stephen turned her so her back was to his chest. He cupped her tits in his hands.

She closed her eyes refusing to look at herself.

"No, don't be ashamed. Look at yourself."

"I'm fat," she said.

"No, you're not. I love you like this. I never want you to change. I want you to see what I see. Your tits are lovely and full. Do you know what I want to do?" he asked. She shook her head, but her eyes were open watching him. He squeezed her br**sts together. Her lips parted as her little gasps erupted from her.

"I want to f**k these tits. I imagine sliding my c**k between this valley while you hold them together. They are large and would fit me perfectly." He slid his hands down her stomach cupping her fleshy belly in his hands. "I like the fact you eat your food. I hate going to a restaurant or ordering food for a woman who'll ask for stuff to be taken back or nibble on what I bring them. It is disrespectful and angers me. You do nothing but please me." He kissed her neck enjoying the way she was opening up to him. Stephen saw and felt the way she pressed herself against him. He moved to her waist feeling the way her body curved in then expanded out to her full hips. "Your h*ps are full. I like them filling my hands. I also know I can f**k you hard and rough and you'll not break. If you were all skin and bones I would spend more time worrying about touching you. I love touching you. Your skin is smooth." He moved down to the top of her pu**y. The mirror wasn't long enough to get the reflection of his hand between her legs. All he saw in the mirror was his much larger arm across her body disappearing down. The image was a turn-on. His skin was darker than hers.

Stephen slipped his fingers through her wet slit, teasing the moisture onto his fingers and moved them up to finger her clit. She shuddered as she cl**axed seconds later. His touch made her squirm in his arms.

"Never doubt what I feel for you. I desire your body and want you more than you could even begin to understand." He spun her to face him, cupping her cheeks. The scent of her arousal permeated the air between them.

Stephen could no longer wait. He threw what was left on the dresser near the mirror and lifted her up onto the surface.

He wanted to be inside her.

Chapter Twelve

Something had changed inside him. Ursula sensed the change within him. There was something darker there but also an acceptance of himself. She liked the change. He seemed happier since coming out of the study.

She watched his c**k slide up and down her wet slit. His c**k grew wet with her own juice. He slipped the head of his shaft down to her entrance. Turning her attention to his eyes, she felt him push his c**k inside her. When the tip was in, he held her waist in his hands and slammed all the way to the hilt inside her.

A scream released from her lips. The pressure of his c**k combined with the slight pain made her cry out. He was large for her to take all the way in. Stephen usually spent more time in penetrating her. He filled her, the length of his dick pressing along the walls of her pu**y. Her eyes closed as she tried to accept all of him. She gripped the edge of the counter he'd put her on. They were near the front door. If any guests were to come back, they could be seen through the glass.

"That's it. Take all of me, baby. I want you to feel me." He pulled out then slammed back inside. She held on as he f**ked her body hard. Soon the slight edge of pain turned to intense pleasure as her pu**y got used to his size. Her tits bounced. His grip on her waist tightened. She saw his fingers squeezing the flesh. He would mark her with the way he was holding her.

He pulled out of her, taking her off the counter and to the floor. "I need to be near you," he said.

She opened her legs as he pressed all of his c**k inside her. He kissed her, taking her hands and holding them above her head. Ursula thrust up to meet every stroke of him inside her.

"You're cunt is so tight," he said. "I can feel every pulse as you tighten around me." He pulled out then pushed back in. Each movement had him rubbing against her pu**y. She cried out as he rolled his h*ps in a movement that made him stroke each of her walls.

"More," she said.

Stephen kept up a pace making her come apart as her release sprang up. His grip on her hands stopped her from clawing at his back.

"That's it, baby. Scream my name. I want to hear you scream for me." She shouted his name as she collapsed underneath him.

Stephen kissed her lips, her cheeks, then down to her br**sts. He bit her ni**les making her cry out from the pain. His c**k pulled out. He hadn't reached his own release. She knew he was determined to draw out their time together.

Ursula didn't know if she would survive the night. He flipped her onto her knees in one smooth action then sank inside her from behind.

Their groans echoed off the walls. Her pu**y was ready for his hard cock. His erection hadn't lessened in any way. She felt his hands on her ass squeezing the cheeks in his palms. He hadn't moved. His c**k was inside her, and she felt every inch of him. Stephen slid his fingers down the seam of her ass. She paused. Her next breath stuck in her throat. He applied small pressure against her anus making her jump. One of his hands held her h*ps forcing her to stay still. His strength shocked her. She had thought he wouldn't be able to overpower her as much as he did.

"Has anyone f**ked your ass?" he asked. She expected him to say something, but for some reason she hadn't expected it this soon.

"No."

"You haven't played with your ass before? Used a dildo?" The questions kept coming. The blush on her cheeks from her arousal changed to embarrassment. His c**k was inside her, and yet she was more embarrassed by his mention of her ass.

"No. Fucking my ass is not on my list of things to do," she said. He slapped her ass making her yelp.

"There is no need to be ashamed, Ursula. Anal sex can be very rewarding." She tried to pull away from him. "No, I'm not letting you go."

"I can't have this conversation with you," she said.

"You're mine, Ursula. The only person you'll be having this conversation with is me." Arguing with him would achieve nothing.

He began moving inside her. His c**k plunging in and out made her forget about her ass. The carnal need rose inside her. She pushed back against him, desperate for the release that was building once more. After two orgasms she didn't think it was possible to have another. He proved her wrong. His fingers found her clit, teasing the bud until she came apart under him.

When she collapsed on the floor, she felt him pull out and lift her in his arms. He began walking up the stairs with her in his arms.

"I can walk," she said, but she wrapped her arms around his neck. He wouldn't let her down. The door to his room was kicked open. She chuckled as he dropped her on the bed following her on the bed.

Ursula noticed his c**k was still hard and firm. "You didn't come?"

"We haven't finished." He captured her chin in his hands kissing her deeply. She kissed him back as his other hand ran down her body.

"I don't know how much longer I'll last," she said.

"Don't worry. I'll tuck you in when you collapse."

She smiled at him, pushing him to the bed in the same action. He lay down as she straddled his waist. Stephen stroked her legs as she kissed him. The power she gained from being on top awakened her desire. She took his c**k and pressed him to her core. Sinking onto his cock, their moans combined as he sat up. He pushed her hair over her shoulder, kissing her collar bone then up to her neck. She closed her eyes, enjoying the pleasure of his lips.

His hands ran up and down her back. He grabbed her ass lifting her up then down on his shaft. Her mouth opened on a sigh as the angle made him rub deep in her body. Licking her lips, she sank her fingers into his hair, kissing his lips. The intimacy of the position and the moment was not lost on her. They were connected in far more primal ways than just his c**k inside her pu**y.

****

Stephen groaned as her pu**y tightened around him. She was so wet and warm. Her tits pressed against his chest, her hard ni**les grazing his own. She looked so beautiful when she accepted her pleasure. He knew he could have her screaming if she only trusted him a little more.

He wanted to claim her ass for his own.

Stephen knew he would do anything to make her happy. He kissed her lips making love to her. The love he felt for her went into everything he did. Her lips opened on a sigh, and he took full advantage. Holding her close he loved her body with the same time and devotion that he loved the woman. She held him tightly. He wasn't going anywhere. His very reason for existing was in his arms.

She came apart in his arms, and he finally gave in to his orgasm. He buried his head in the curve of her neck and shoulder as his c**k pulsed inside her. The image he got of his seed inside her womb prolonged his orgasm.

Afterwards he carried her into the shower. They washed together. No words were spoken between them. He dried her and carried her back to bed. Stephen wrapped her in his arms while she drifted off to sleep. He stared down at her as she slept. She looked relaxed in sleep. He stroked her hair out along his pillow.

"I love you," he said to her sleeping form. He thought about the feelings consuming him when Lucas and Sean were around her. The need to hurt them had filled all of his senses until there was nothing left. Whatever the threat was at the club he knew he would keep her safe. She sighed in her sleep, her hand reaching out to him. Stephen held her all the time, relishing the new feelings inside him. The problems at the club concerned him a great deal. The moment the realisation hit him of his feelings towards Ursula it had awakened an understanding and a need to keep Possession running. There were other men out there who felt this need inside him. He knew why Possession was built. The club was a vital part of his heritage.

He had to do everything he could to protect the club. She settled away from him, and Stephen left the bed to go down to his study. He fired up his computer and logged into the important data to access the clubs accounts. There was a file he kept on Lloyd Black in case a need ever arose. The man had turned into something dangerous. With the wealth the Blacks had, he knew they had to be behind the danger the clubs were now threatened with.

There was documentation at his club about the complaints received from the man. Stephen reread through the complaints with an open eye. When the case of Rebecca's abuse had first come around he thought all the letters had been about her. On closer inspection it appeared Lloyd had been very good at keeping a lot of secrets.

The women described in the letters were all different, with a multitude of hair colours and figures. Lloyd had broken one of the fundamental rules of both clubs, the rule about not cheating on their wife. Rebecca wasn't the only woman in the letters. He hadn't answered any of the complaints.

Picking up the phone Stephan rang James. The other man picked up after the second ring.

"Hello," James said. Stephen knew he'd woken him up.

"Do you have any files or complaints lodged against Lloyd Black?" he asked.

"Stephen? For f**k's sake it's three in the morning. Can't this wait until morning?"

"I've just been going through my own stuff, and did you know Lloyd had a lot of women on the side? Also, according to this information I've got, his entire stocks plummeted back in two thousand and eight? But do you know what the more interesting fact is?" Stephen waited for James to respond.

"You're not going to let me sleep, are you?" James began moving around. Stephen heard a feminine sigh over the line followed by doors opening and closing. "All right, I'm all ears."

"Lloyd didn't suffer from the down-turn. His stock went down, but his accounts stayed the same."

Stephen scrolled through all the information he'd acquired on Black but hadn't looked at. He couldn't believe his sloppiness over the last few years. His father would be ashamed of him for his lack of attention.

"The Blacks have had money as long as our families, Stephen. There are tonnes of explanations for this," James said.

Stephen didn't buy it. "Then how come his name is on the lease of the same warehouse where that f**ker took Violet?"

"What?"

"Lloyd had a history of gambling. The only access he got to the club was due to his first wife, who left him. Rebecca was his second wife and the perfect cover. I have a horrible feeling about Rebecca that we don't even know about." Stephen moved the phone to his other ear while he accessed the information he knew about Rebecca.

"Are you letting your imagination run wild, Knox?"

"You're nervous. You only use my last name when you're nervous." Stephen checked over her information.

"I don't like where you're going with this. I don't want to think of Black as a pimp. He was a total ass**le, but getting caught up in this shit? Stephen, if any of this works out to be true do you have any idea of the repercussions for us and our businesses?"

"We need to talk to Rebecca. That's the only way we can find anything else out."

"I hope to God you're wrong. I can't handle another day of this shit."

The sound of his door opening made him quickly shut down the computer. "I think we need to tell the others and then go and see Black."

"Agreed. I bet Ursula is standing opposite your desk right now."

"Yes."

"I would like to taunt you."

"Bye." Stephen hung up. Ursula wore a robe covering her glorious body. He wondered if he could burn all of her clothes. He liked the thought of seeing her na**d every day.

"What are you doing?" she asked. She pushed a lock of her hair behind her ear. He had never noticed how thick and full her hair was.

"Some work needed my attention."

"Is there anything I can help you with?"

He logged out of the computer shutting it down. "Nothing. I've been negligent of my responsibilities. That won't happen anymore." Stephen walked round the desk capturing her in his arms and kissing her deeply. "You've changed me in ways you don't even know."

She smiled. The sleepiness made her so adorable.

"Come back to bed. I want you to hold me." He followed her upstairs more than content with her in his arms.

Chapter Thirteen

The following morning Ursula made pancakes. It was a Saturday, and snow had fallen over night. Stephen was showering while she cooked breakfast in nothing but a robe. She heard him walking down the stairs as she flipped each pancake over.

The coffee had finished percolating, and she poured him a cup before grabbing the syrup from his supply cupboard.

"You're making breakfast?" he asked.

"I always make breakfast." She handed him the coffee while he stared at her. Turning away, she put the cooked pancakes on a plate then poured syrup over all of them.

She did the same for hers. They sat opposite each other eating.

"Okay, what do you want?" he asked after a few moments had passed.

"What makes you think I want anything?"

"You're not looking at me directly but keep casting those eyes over me wondering what I'm thinking. What do you want, Ursula?"

Busted.

She put down her fork and thought of the best way to ask him. The longer she put it off the harder it would be. "I told my parents I was seeing someone. They didn't like Paul, and they want to meet you."

"Okay."

"They don't know who you are. I haven't given them a name other than Stephen. They want us to visit in the next few weeks. Maybe even spend Christmas with them." She looked at him under her lashes.

"Okay."

"Okay? What do you mean okay?"

"I'd like to meet your parents, Ursula."

"Are you sure?"

He chuckled, which only made things tighten inside her. His chuckle shouldn't be so sinfully addictive.

"You sound like you don't want me to meet them."

"I do, but they have these tests that they do."

"Are they going to want me run a marathon?"

"No. Wordy tests. They'll ask you all sorts of questions, and that can be embarrassing."

He reached across the table taking her hand. "I'll do anything for you. Are you worried about the age gap?"

"What? No. Age doesn't mean a thing to me."

"I see the age gap being a factor with your parents," he said.

Ursula laughed. "The age gap won't bother them. There are over ten years between my mom and dad. They'll ask you about your attentions towards me and other little questions."

"I look forward to the inquisition." He kept hold of her hand as they finished breakfast. "I've got to work today."

"All right. I'm going to study and bake a cake. I feel in a baking mood."

"That reminds me. I want you to have this." Stephen let her go to go into his pocket to pull out his wallet. He handed her a card.

She took the card seeing it was a credit card. "What is this?" she asked.

"This is yours. I want you to use it."

"Stephen, you can't give me a credit card." She tried to hand it back. He refused to take it.

"I want you to have it. Spend it on what you like. I don't care. Please, just keep it."

"I don't want you for your money."

He laughed. "I know. I feel better knowing you'll have this. Every shop will accept it."

She hesitated but eventually put the card on the table.

"I've got to go. I'll be back soon. Do you want me to bring some food?" he asked.

Ursula shook her head. "You've got plenty of food in the house. I don't want any of it to spoil. I'll see you soon."

She stood and went to see him out. He caught her up against him, kissing her deeply. "I'll see you soon," she said.

"I don't want to leave when you look at me like that."

"I don't want you to go. I'll be here waiting for you to get home." She liked teasing him. Their teasing was one of the aspects about her day she enjoyed. He made her feel wanted.

"I could get used to this," he said.

"Me, too."

Stephen wrapped his arms around her waist. His hand disappeared up the slit in her robe. She pulled away, giggling. "When you get home."

"Promise?"

"Do you even need to ask me that?"

He chuckled and walked towards his car. "Phone me if you need me."

She nodded and watched him pull out of the gate. Ursula watched the gate close before going back inside. There were some bits to clean away from the party last night. She finished clearing away the glasses and food, and then she vacuumed the carpets. When everything was done in the other rooms she went back to the kitchen where their breakfast plates were left. She moved the plates out of the way and then stared at the card he'd given her. The plastic glinted up at her making her feel uncomfortable. How could she take the card from him? There was no way she'd be able to pay him back.

Ursula cleaned away all the breakfast plates and frying pans, and then she grabbed the phone and dialled her sister's number. Her mother had given her the number when they last talked.

"Hello," Caroline said.

"Hi. Have I called you at a bad time?" Ursula asked.

"It's a Saturday. Of course it's a bad time. Why do you think I left mom and dad's? They always wanted me up early." She heard some movement then the sound of a tap. "I'm getting the coffee on. Why are you so perky?"

"I've been up awhile." She thought of Stephen. He made getting up worth the early rising.

"Yeah, you sound like a woman who has been laid properly."

"Wouldn't you like to know?" Ursula said with a giggle.

"Mom has already phoned and told me you've got a new man on the scene. I've heard all about Stephen, but I don't believe a word of it. It was good to hear you'd gotten rid of Paul. He was a slime-ball."

They talked for several minutes catching up. All the time Ursula kept staring at the card in her hand.

"Actually, there is something I haven't told mom about Stephen."

"Really. The good girl being naughty. You know I was proud when you stood your ground about Paul even if he was a total loser. This just makes me giddy. Does he have a job? Is he cute? Tell me if he's in a band?"

Ursula laughed. Caroline had a reputation for screwing things up. She still loved her sister.

"Stephen is older than I, and you may have heard of him. Stephen Knox?"

There was silence on the other end.

"You're dating the Stephen Knox? Ursula, he's rich beyond your wildest dreams and, holy shit. You're banging one of the wealthiest men." Ursula scrunched her nose up. "I haven't told mom or dad."

"They're not going to like it, Ursula. His reputation is not the best. He's in the media with snotty models not to mention the fact you don't have a fortune to your own name." Caroline said everything she'd already been thinking herself.

"I know that, but I like him, Caroline. He's nice, and he makes me feel special."

"Are you in love with him?"

Ursula thought about it. She loved the way he smiled and the moods he had. "Yes, I think I'm in love with him."

"Wow, you'll have to tell them. Springing that surprise on them wouldn't be good."

"He's agreed to go next week. I figured if he was with me then they wouldn't be a problem."

"You're surprising me more and more."

"He gave me a credit card," she said. She wanted her sister's opinion on the next stage up.

"Is he treating you disrespectfully?"

"No, not at all. He wants me to use it."

"Then don't think it's a big deal. He clearly wants you to have it. I'll be at the parentals' house next week. I want to meet the man who my sister is in love with."

"Caroline, don't embarrass me."

"Would I do that to you?"

"Yes."

"Then enjoy. I've got to go. My own man is moaning about being alone. Take care, and have fun with your rich guy."

She put the phone down still hating the card in her hand. Shaking her head, she walked up the stairs to put the card in her purse.

Afterwards she took a quick shower.

The house was large. She'd been in every room. Her favourite room was his library. The scent of the books always soothed her chaotic mind. She needed to write a paper for her psychology class. Opening the curtains, she let in plenty of light then went investigating the books in his collection. He owned plenty of classics, along with textbooks.

Ursula gathered the books she needed and took a seat. The moment she opened the first textbook, she was absorbed into her studies.

****

Stephen met James outside his club. The other man wore a pair of leather pants, white shirt, and leather jacket. Stephen couldn't help but chuckle at his attire.

"Stephen Knox is laughing early in the morning. This is news to report. Should I get a hold of the media? Your woman must be good for you," James said as he got in the car.

"Ursula is none of your concern. I'm happy. Cadeon is meeting us at Rebecca's. He has a key."

"I hope your thoughts are not true. I would hate to have to deal with the Dominic shit again." James closed the door, securing his seatbelt.

"Everything adds up. I don't like this either."

"Have you done any digging?" James asked.

"Nothing new. I haven't gotten 'round to it this morning. I don't want to alert Ursula. She still doesn't know about Possession, and at the moment I want to keep it that way."

"You'll have to tell her eventually."

"Not today. At the moment this is too dangerous for her. I want to keep her as safe as possible."

"Black is dangerous, I'll give you that, but prostituting women? Or buying them? I don't get it." James stared at him.

Stephen knew it sounded far-fetched. "There is a lot of shit going on in this world that I don't agree with. Money is money no matter how it is earned. If you've lost a large sum of money and you need to get it back and quick, wouldn't you do everything you could to get it back?"

"I'd earn it the good old-fashioned way. I'm not wired to earn off the backs of women, Stephen. I never have been."

He knew James spoke the truth. Stephen would do the same. No woman would earn his crust.

"Well, I wouldn't turn a woman black and blue," Stephen said.

"I would turn a woman's ass red, but I'd never abuse her. Hitting a woman in violence is wrong. I don't agree with it. If Lloyd is looking to get out of jail then I don't know how we can stop him."

"I don't think him getting out of jail is the problem, James. I think the means he is going to use is the problem." The more he thought about Lloyd the more he began to worry. He could use the clubs as leeway to try to get out of prison. Possession and Ravage could easily be shown in the wrong light.

"Fuck, he better not have a death wish. If he tries to take my club down, I'll f**king kill him," James said.

They sat in silence for the rest of the journey.

Cadeon sat in his car waiting for them when they pulled up outside her house. They all got out, the cold biting Stephen through his jacket.

"I told Tate and Kevin to not bother today. They're meeting us with the others at the club."

"Okay," Stephen said.

Cadeon knocked on the door. It had been a few years since Stephen had last seen Rebecca. The door opened, and her head popped round. He noticed she didn't greet anyone but Cadeon.

"I've got some friends with me who want to ask you a few questions." The door was left open, and Cadeon escorted them all in. They found Rebecca in the sitting room. She'd wrapped a blanket around her. She sat on the farthest end of the couch.

"I'm sorry. I'm cold," she said.

"You don't need to be afraid, Rebecca. I care about you. How is everything with Tate and Kevin?" Cadeon asked.

"They try to help me. I find it so hard. I want to go outside. My doctor doesn't think I have that symptom she mentioned. She thinks I'm repressing memories, and it makes me think I don't want to go outside." Rebecca chuckled.

"Do you remember me?" Stephen asked taking the seat in front of her.

"Yes."

"And me?" James asked.

"Yes."

"We need to ask you a few questions."

"Ask away. I don't have a lot of guests. I'm not slow. I'll answer anything you need me to." She gave a nod at all of them.

"Are you comfortable talking about your time with Lloyd Black?" Stephen asked.

He noticed the fear in her. She fidgeted on the couch and stared between him and Cadeon. "Yes," she whispered. "I'll talk about him."

"What about your own life?"

"What do you mean?" she asked.

Stephen glared at James. "We've recently come into some information that may be crucial to something that is happening. Do you recall much of your life before marrying Lloyd?"

"I don't want to talk about it. Ask me anything about Lloyd, but I can't tell you about my past."

"Why?" Stephen asked.

"Because I'll be in trouble. I'm only allowed to say that I met Lloyd and fell in love. I'm not allowed to say anything else."

Stephen nodded his head. He would need to wait until Monday to get the answers he needed.

"I want you to tell me about Lloyd. Were you his only woman?" Stephen asked.

"No. He would have meetings at his house where a selection of girls would come. He'd pick them out, and then the others would leave," Rebecca said. "I had to provide entertainment after he made his purchase."

"He brought these women?"

"Yes. He always said they were a good investment. Men always needed a hole to f**k, and they kept him in the lifestyle he was accustomed to." He saw the tears in her eyes. The barrier she was fighting against was breaking down. "When he had the meetings I was so afraid. He would warn me that if I didn't please the man he handed me to, then he would sell me, too, and make sure I didn't have a good life."

Her hands kept rubbing her legs.

"I'm so sorry. I wanted to tell you everything when we went to the club, but he made sure I was never alone. The pain if another man spoke to me hurt so much. I wasn't brave enough to fight him. I wanted to fight him all the time. I was never strong enough." Cadeon wrapped his arms around her. Stephen watched the woman come apart at the seams. Guilt filled him to the very core. He hadn't been paying attention when this woman needed it most. He'd been too upset by the lack of a woman in his life to give a shit about anyone else.

He would change it. Every member was being thoroughly checked from now on. All his existing members would be investigated.

"The man you had to entertain, what was his name?"

"Dominic, and he was British. I never knew his last name."

And there was the connection he needed. Cadeon comforted her while James and Stephen left. They drove in silence to Possession. He pressed the security digits then waited for the gates to open. Like always he went through the back entrance.

When they were in the privacy of his office, Stephen lost it. All his anger he took out on the furniture in his office. James stood in the corner with his arms folded, watching him.

"Trashing your office is not going to change anything that happened. This was not your fault," James said.

"Not my fault?" Stephen threw the computer to the floor. The screen smashed. "Do you think my father would have let that slide? He would have known instantly what was going on. What did I do? I sat back and did nothing." He walked over to where James stood. "That woman has no life because of me. She lives in a house that she refuses to leave. What kind of life does she really have? She depends on a lot of people, James."

"And you think trashing your office will solve all of those problems?"

"Your father gave you one piece of advice, to look after the club and make sure all members are safe. You've done that. Ravage is flourishing, and you're in complete control of everything you do. My dad asked me to keep Possession in the same high regard. I f**ked it up, James. He asked this one thing of me, and I messed it up." He started to laugh at the situation. James stared at him. "Do you know what the funny thing is? I was jealous of all you. You knew what possession was all about, while I thought it was a load of crap. I now know it's not."

He stared round the office, the same office his father had used and his father before him. There was a lot of history in the room, and he'd trashed it.

"You've f**ked up, so deal with it. You don't have to spend the rest of your life messing up. Rebecca got hurt. You're on the ball now. Don't mess up again."

"That simple?"

"I wasn't always a dominant, Stephen. When I found out about my parents' preferences I freaked out and rebelled. It was only after time that I realised the real person I was. This is who I am. The woman I meet has to accept me how I come. I'm not going to change."

Stephen nodded, unable to do anything else. There was a knock on the door, and Lucas entered. He took one look at the mess then left.

"I guess we're meeting elsewhere." James left him to go find Lucas. Stephen grabbed his cell phone to call Ursula. He needed to hear her voice.

The call carried on without answering. When it went to voice-mail he hung up and re-dialled her number. She answered on the third ring.

"Hello," she said.

"Hi, it's just me. I wanted to check in."

"You couldn't stay away too long. Are you missing me?" she asked.

He glanced around the room, his temper calming down the moment she began to talk. "You have no idea how much I'm missing you. How come you couldn't get to the phone?"

"I was sucked into college work. I have this paper to write. When I get interested in it, I can't do anything but work. That's the way I am." She chuckled.

"I'm glad."

"My sister is going to be at my parents' next weekend. She wants to meet you."

"It should be fun," he said. Every word she spoke allowed him the chance to completely calm down.

"Yeah? What if you see her and decide you like her more than me?"

"That would never be possible." He knew there was no other woman on the planet for him.

"How do you know?" she asked. Stephen heard the doubt in her voice.

"When I'm with you do you really think I could pass you over for someone else?"

"You haven't met her."

He sighed. "She wasn't the woman who came for the job interview to clean my house. Also, she hasn't put up with my temper and made me work for a conversation. You do all of those things."

"What about sex?"

"Are you seeking a compliment?" he asked.

"Always."

He laughed at her playful tone. "If you're ever in doubt of my affection, touch the pendant I gave you."

There was rustling, and he knew she was touching the necklace. "It is a beautiful necklace."

"I would not give that to any woman in my life. I gave it to you." He sensed her smile down the line.

"Will it always be like this?" she asked.

"Yes. The only difference between now and the future is I'll be sitting by you when we're talking."

James came to the door and gestured for him to hurry up.

"I've got to go. I'll be home soon."

"Okay, I'll miss you."

He hung up wanting to say so much more to her. Stephen shut the phone then walked out the door to find James waiting for him.

"Are you okay?" James asked.

Stephen nodded. "I'll get by. Are they all here?"

"Yes," James said. Stephen followed the other man out of the room then down the hall. They were inside a small room with a pool table. Cadeon sat at the bar nursing a beer. Tate and Kevin looked worried.

All the men stood when he entered.

"What's going on? We heard you went to see Rebecca. What's going on?" Kevin asked.

"It would seem Lloyd Black has other business ventures," Stephen said. "He was involved with Dominic in some way, and he's going to do everything he can to bring down the two clubs."

Cadeon took a long swig of his beer.

"But he signed one of those forms keeping the club protected," Sean said as way of an argument.

"You've met Lloyd. Do you really think he'd give a shit about a piece of paper? He's in prison. If he can feed the police or someone any information about this place then that is his escape clause."

They all looked shocked. Stephen was past shocked. He had no clues about what to do. His father would know, but he wasn't his father.

"Then we need to link him to Dominic and the underhand dealings," Tate said.

"How are we going to do that? It would be our word against his. When he blows the lid off this place we'd be nothing but suspects in anything they wanted to throw at us. Wealthy businessmen in the line of fire sells newspapers and promotes people. You all know this," Stephen said.

"I've got contacts in the police force as well as other places. I can keep this story out of the paper, but it will require payment along with membership," Lucas said.

"Membership? This club is supposed to be exclusive. No one is supposed to know it exists," Stephen yelled.

All the men snorted at his statement.

"Exclusive? Stephen, I knew about you and this club many years before I even met you. Your club stays quiet and out of the media because there are men who want in," Lucas said.

Stephen glanced around at all the men. He noticed James smiling. "Is what he says true?"

"Yes. Our clubs remain but a rumour among most people, but then most rumours have a slight edge of truth. It doesn't take a person long to find out what is the truth and what is not."

"Then we do what we can. I need to talk to my lawyer about Lloyd." Stephen stood, running his fingers through his hair.

"I'll reach out to my contacts. I'll see what I can do," Lucas said.

The others spoke in agreement. Stephen made sure to announce to the members present in the club the danger they might be in. Several men offered their services to try to help the club while others left without the intention of returning. Stephen noted all the men who left and would dissolve their membership. Anyone who left without offering assistance was not a true Owner. His club would remain for the true possessives, like his father had kept it before him.

He left early to make it home with enough time to spend with Ursula. The weekend was looking up, but he still had much to do. His only consolation was his woman.

She stood in his kitchen frying up some chicken. Her smile greeted him as he circled her waist and held her close. He inhaled her scent, and all of his worries disappeared into the night.

Chapter Fourteen

One week later

Ursula glanced over at Stephen as he drove down the long country road to her family's house. They lived in a four bedroom house along a country road. The whole place was usually dead, but with the sudden injection of cash the street was busy.

"What are you thinking?" she asked when he had to stop suddenly.

"I've never driven along a busy country road before."

"Your eyes are going to be wide open by the end of today." She flicked through a map trying to do something with her hands. Her nerves were getting the better of her. She was in love with him, and she hoped her parents liked him. Glancing back over at him, she hoped he liked her parents. The more she thought about their differences socially, the more she felt their relationship was a bad idea.

You can't back down now. You're in love with him.

She shut off the thought instantly. They hadn't spoken about love. She toyed with the pendant between her br**sts. Every time she had doubts, she'd seek out the piece of jewellery he'd given her.

"You're treating me like a snob," he said.

"I'm sorry. I'm judging you before we've even got there."

"Cadeon's woman, Violet, came from a lot less." He took her hand, kissing her knuckles while the traffic stopped.

"What do you mean?" she asked. The smallest touch of his lips made her pu**y tighten. They'd made love that morning. She didn't understand the feelings inside her. Her parents were protective of one another. Did they feel this need to be part of the other's life? They must; they were married.

"Violet was hidden away by her mother in order to protect her. She had a very protective upbringing in an unconventional sense."

"I don't understand."

"Her mother was a prostitute. She hid Violet away so she didn't have the same life as her. Cadeon loves her regardless. Don't judge me, Ursula. Seeing this part of you is refreshing. I want to know who you are."

"You always say the right things."

He smiled then turned his attention back to the road. She watched him for a few more moments. He hadn't spoken any words of love. Cadeon loved Violet, and he could overlook her past. Did Stephen love her? He cared about her; she couldn't deny that. Love was different. She knew not to expect loving words. Paul had never spoken them to her. She had never spoken them to him either.

"Stop being nervous."

"I'm not." She chuckled, taking a deep breath as he pulled up against the road to where she pointed.

"This is your house?" he asked.

"My parents' house. They own it. Well, they're paying a mortgage and all. This is where I used to live before I moved out." The door opened, and Caroline stood wearing a really tight jumper. "Here we go. Are you ready?"

"Never better. Can I leave my car on the side of the road?" She gazed at him and saw him smiling. He got out of the car laughing. He walked round the car to help her out.

"I couldn't resist," he said.

"I've never seen you this perky." He wrapped an arm around her waist, nuzzling her neck.

"I've never been to meet the parents. This is a novelty I'm going to enjoy." She laughed then sobered up when she saw all of her family waiting for her.

"Here we go."

Ruby rushed out to them embracing her in a bear hug. "I'm so pleased you came."

"Of course I would." Ursula pulled away, then pushed Stephen forward. "Mom, I'd like you to meet my boyfriend, Stephen."

"It is a pleasure to meet you," Stephen said. He took her mother's hand and kissed it.

"You look familiar. Have I seen you somewhere?" Ruby asked.

"Not that I know of."

"He's Stephen Knox, one of the wealthiest businessmen around," her oldest brother called out.

Ursula shot him a glare. It would be Tim who opened his big mouth.

"That's me, but today I want to be your daughter's boyfriend. Ursula is special to me, and I would hate for my social standing to cause a problem," Stephen said. She knew he was trying to smooth things over.

Her mother was silent for a moment. Her father, Malcolm, offered a comforting hand to his wife. "Well, I think we'd better get inside. I don't want anyone catching their death out here. We've got the Christmas decorations up already." Malcolm turned Ruby around giving her a wink.

They followed Ursula's family inside. She took his coat hanging it up on the stand behind the door. Malcolm sat down in the sitting room, and Ursula sat with Stephen on the sofa across from her father. Her sister perched on the end while her brothers stayed in the doorway. Ruby came in with tea and biscuits, then took the seat next to Malcolm.

"So, Stephen, how did you and Ursula meet?" Malcolm asked.

The inquisition began. Her fingers tightened around Stephen's. She noticed her mother kept looking at their joined hands.

"Well, Ursula applied for the position of my house cleaner. My last one quit when I yelled at her."

"She worked for you?" Ruby asked.

Stephen chuckled. "Not really. When we met at her interview we began arguing. I knew she wouldn't take any of my crap. She was the first woman besides my mother to stand up to me."

"What do your parents think of your relationship?" Malcolm asked.

"I wouldn't know. My parents passed away several years ago." There was tense silence in the room.

"I'm sorry to hear that."

The ice was broken, and the inquisition began in full force. Ursula admired his ability to answer every question without too much trouble. Once in a while she would squeeze his hand. She knew her father liked him.

Ruby asked for her presence in the kitchen to finish dinner preparations. Caroline gave her a smirk as she passed. She slapped her sister on the leg then closed the door to the kitchen.

"If you're going to ask me to dump him then don't. Stephen is good to me," she said.

"I care about you, Ursula. He'd older than you."

"Dad is older than you. Please, don't make a big deal out of this."

"How can you be happy with a man like that?" Ruby asked.

"You're happy with dad even though your whole family disowned you for getting married to him. Stephen means a lot to me. I'm not letting him go because you don't like him." Ursula hated arguing with her mother.

"Do you love him?"

"Yes. I do," she said without hesitation.

"Then I can't argue. We lead with our hearts. I'm still nervous about who Caroline will bring back home. We'd better get dinner on the table."

Ursula helped her mother set the table. By the time she walked back into the sitting room Stephen and Malcolm were talking about some kind of sport. The day was going really well. Stephen smiled at her, reaching for her hand to kiss her.

****

Stephen liked her family. They cared about her and wanted to make sure he was the right guy for her. Malcolm didn't let him off the hook. When the questions came about his what intentions towards his daughter were, Stephen informed him that his intention was to marry her as soon as possible.

"Have you knocked my daughter up?" Malcolm asked.

"No, sir. I want Ursula to be mine. I'm going to propose to her over Christmas. I hope you like me because I'm not leaving her, ever."

Several minutes passed then Malcolm smiled. "Welcome to the family, son. I couldn't wait to claim Ruby as my own. I was obsessed to make her mine. This possessive streak can be a problem."

Stephen laughed but then thought about Lucas and what he'd said. There was too much to think about in one go. He filed the information away for later. Ursula came in to take them through to the dining table. He adored her family even at the cramped dinner table. His mother enjoyed setting a big lavish table whereas the simple decorations cheered him up immensely. Ursula sat next to him. They passed round bowls of potatoes, vegetables, and meat. He knew where she got her talent in the kitchen. She clearly learnt from her mother. Watching her family interact was amazing. Being an only child had been rather lonely at times. His father wouldn't allow his mother to have any more children because his birth had been dangerous. Her brothers teased her while Caroline fought over something with her mother. There was never a quiet moment. He loved every second and knew he'd love to come again soon.

Caroline helped clear away while Ursula took him upstairs. He laughed when Malcolm shouted up a warning for them to leave the door open. He felt like a teenage boy rather than a full grown man.

"How embarrassing can he be?" Ursula said.

"I like him. He loves you."

"Are you ready for this? This is a younger me with lots of fairy tale dreams and wishes."

"I want to see your room." She opened the door pulling him inside. Very quietly she closed the door. Her bedroom was a light shade of pink. She had a single bed with a small amount of furniture. There was a vanity table at the end of her bed with pictures around the mirror. He went over to stare at all the pictures. "Who are these people in the pictures?" he asked.

She brushed against him. "That is Caroline. I did her hair for prom. There are a few friends who I lost touch with, and that there is my brothers. They like to fish, which is a really lame sport. I went and read for the entire day, and they didn't catch anything. That's me when I got my first waitress job."

Stephen looked at each picture looking at Ursula as she grew up. "There isn't one with you of prom."

"I didn't go."

"Why not?"

"In case you didn't see from the photos, no one wanted to go with the fat girl." She sat on her bed, which still held a teddy bear. He sat next to her.

"I would have gone with you," he said.

"That's sweet."

He caught her face turning her to look at him. Stephen leaned in close to kiss her. The moment his lips touched hers, he didn't want to stop. Her little breathy moan spurred him on. She pushed him back on the bed, kissing him deeply. Her legs straddled him as he cupped her ass thrusting against her denim-clad pu**y. Their moans filtered through the room. He grabbed the back of her head holding onto her.

"Whoa, so sorry." They stopped and turned to see Caroline staring at them. "Dad said not to shut the door. Also, mom has your doggy bags ready to take with you for your journey home. Snow is forecast, and dad wants to make sure you both miss it."

Caroline went to go but spun to face them. "I like you. You're good for my sister. I always knew she was a rebel." The she went downstairs.

Ursula was blushing. Stephen laughed when she buried her head against his shoulder. "You're the first guy I've made out with in my room. I feel like sixteen again, only cooler."

"I'm your first," he said teasingly. "Come on. If snow if forecast I want to be home before it hits." They walked down the stairs together. Ruby handed Ursula the bag of food. He shook all of their hands and then they were in the car on the road driving home.

"What's your verdict of my family?" she asked.

"I like them."

"Seriously?"

"Yes. I like your brothers and sister. Your dad is awesome and your mother sweet. I see where you get the talent in the kitchen from."

"Mom always took me into the kitchen. She wanted to pass down everything she knew. Caroline hated cooking. I was the next best candidate," Ursula said. He listened to her enjoying how much he learned about her. Her parents cared about her. The snow began to fall as he typed in the code to his house. He parked the car, and then they both ran in chuckling. Stephen followed her through to the kitchen, kissing her lips, her neck. He wanted to pick up where they had left off in her bedroom. He kissed any exposed skin he found. She pulled off her jumper, and he tore at the buttons of her blouse. When they weren't undoing fast enough, he ripped her shirt open, scattering buttons around the room.

"I liked that shirt," she said.

"Buy another one." He grabbed her head slamming his lips down on hers. She melted under his touch, submitting to him. Her bra followed the torn remains of her shirt. She yanked at his own shirt, pulling it out. They broke apart for her to peel the shirt over his head. She kissed his chest, sucking his ni**les into her mouth.

He pulled on her hair to bring her back up, then plunged his tongue into her mouth claiming more of her. With his other hand, he grabbed her ass, squeezing the plump flesh. Their actions were rough and violent, both of them trying to get the other in a state of undress. Stephen pushed her back to the table, kissing down her neck to claim her right nipple. He bit down into the red flesh. Her scream of pain followed by the groan of pleasure made his c**k pulse in his pants, the tip leaking out a stream of pr**cum. He wanted inside her. Picking her up, he placed her on the end of the table.

She unbuckled his belt, pushed his pants down to his knees, and gripped his shaft in her fist. Pushing her back away from his cock, he pulled the jeans from her body in one smooth yank. The thong she wore ended up in two pieces as that went to the floor. His patience was running out. He pulled her to him with his hand on her neck. His other hand slipped between her slit, teasing her juice out of her cunt, and then he pressed two fingers to her swollen clit. She panted as he pressed two fingers inside her. He teased her by flicking her cl*t and f**king her pu**y.

"Please." She begged him. He pressed a third finger inside her, feeling her pu**y squeeze him.

She fisted his dick, pumping the head. Her fingers ran over his slit gathering his cum, then spreading it around his shaft. He pushed her hand away. Stephen caught her hands up above her head, holding her in place.

"I don't want you to touch me," he said.

"I want to touch you."

"Leave your hands above your head."

He let her go then sat back up. She was naked, spread out on his dining room table. Stephen took her ankle and placed it on the end of the table. He did the same with her other ankles. With his hands on her thighs he spread her wide open for him to view. While she lay on the table without moving, he pushed his pants down and off his feet.

Cum leaked out of her slit. Using two fingers he gathered her essence on his finger then licked her cream into his mouth.

"You taste so f**king sweet," he said.

Sitting down in the chair at the head of the table, he pulled her closer so he could watch her arousal. Her cl*t was swollen, and he saw the pulse of her need as he continued to watch. He stroked her thighs, feeling them tense when he moved close to her glistening cunt. Stephen fisted his shaft watching her grow more aroused. When he couldn't stand it anymore, he pulled her close using his hands on her thighs. Her scent permeated the air between them. He licked her pu**y, tasting her musky juice on his tongue. She moaned, her pelvis thrusting up. Stephen caught her hips, smashing his tongue against her clit.

He penetrated her tight pu**y with his tongue, feeling her flow into his mouth. Her moans spurred him on. Using his fingers and tongue he worked her body until she was pushing up against his mouth.

Within seconds she came apart under him, her cries glorious music to him. He played with her cl*t as he stood. She was still cl**axing when he grabbed his shaft and pressed it into her pulsing channel. Ursula moaned while he growled as her pu**y pulled him in, her walls milking his hard dick inside her.

Holding onto her hips, he surged inside her to the very hilt. He bumped her cervix, and she moaned, the sound she made a mixture of pain and pleasure. Her hands were spread out gripping the edge of the table. He would never again look at the table without imagining f**king her.

"You feel so f**king good." He pulled out of her then slammed back inside. Her back arched off the table as he f**ked her hard and fast. Perspiration dripped off his body onto her. She stared at him, and he gazed back at her, the connection between them flowing stronger than ever.

"I'm going to spill inside you. I want to get you pregnant, Ursula. I want to make you mine." He said the words he'd been holding back. The desperation to tell her his need for her filled every corner of his soul.

Stephen lifted her up. Her supple body was perfect against his hardness. All he wanted to do was sink inside her and never let go.

"Watch my c**k f**k your body," he said. They stared down where they were connected, his length glistening with her release and his pr**cum.

Her moan vibrated through her body down to his cock.

"I've never been like this with anyone," she said.

"That's because you're mine." He growled as her pu**y tightened round him the moment he said the words. Stephen pulled out of her, spun her around so her tummy was flat on the table. Her ass was in the air. He pulled the full globes loving the way she pushed back against him. Gathering her cum on his fingers, he brought his fingers to the puckered hole of her anus. She froze under him.

"Trust me, Ursula. I wouldn't do anything to harm you." He caressed her back as she slowly relaxed, accepting his touch. "There is nothing I would do to you to cause you harm."

"I've never done that," she said.

"I'll be gentle. You'll love it." Stephen wouldn't f**k her ass immediately. She would need to grow accustomed to having something in her ass. He pressed one finger against her ass watching her fight him. "Relax," he said. With his free hand, he teased her clit, which did the trick. Her ass relaxed enough, and one finger sank inside the tightness of her ass. She cried out. He slid his c**k along her slit, bumping her cl*t before he pressed inside her cream-coated pu**y.

Ursula thrust back onto his finger and cock, taking more of him inside her body. She begged him to f**k her hard. He took her with him, adding another digit to her generous ass as he rammed inside her cunt over and over.

Stephen held the words of love back. He didn't know when the right time would be to say them. She slammed back. The noises she made, made him aware of the pleasure rising inside her.

His balls ached, and his c**k was thick as he slammed into her a final time. Stephen growled as his cum spurted out of the tip inside her. Her release gripped her at the same time. He felt her pu**y milking the seed from his c**k as her ass did the same with his fingers. She collapsed on the table. Holding her was difficult with only one arm. He pulled his fingers from her ass then settled her on the table.

He grabbed a cloth from the kitchen, washed his hands, then went to wash her. She lay with her legs dangling off the table. Her body was totally relaxed.

When he was standing before her, he saw his cum leaking out of her pu**y. For a few moments he watched his seed spill out of her. The possessive feeling swamped him. His woman lay on the table with his cum in her body. He wanted to keep her in that position for the rest of his life.

She stared at him, waiting. He washed her gently. The way he'd taken her had not been gentle. When she was clean, he lifted her in his arms and held her while she cried. Her legs wrapped around him with her head buried in his neck. She sobbed silently.

"It's okay," he said, soothing her. He stroked her hair, holding her. At some point she began to ease from her crying. He went up to his room, holding her in his arms. Something had changed between them in these moments of making love. He felt part of her more than ever. She was his lifeline. The reason for breathing. He would cherish her for the rest of his life.

Sleep claimed her. Stephen watched her in his arms. He never wanted to let her go.

"I'll do anything to keep you." Even if it meant keeping the club from her. Ursula accepted so much of him. A part of him was afraid if she knew about Possession she would leave him. But Stephen knew, no matter how many excuses he made, he'd have to tell her about the club. He stared down at the sleeping woman he'd fallen so deeply for and knew tomorrow he wouldn't put it off any more. He'd tell her about the club tomorrow. There would be no secrets between them.

Chapter Fifteen

The following day

Ursula couldn't wait to get home. She'd left before Stephen had woken because her tutor needed her to talk to her about the work she was doing in class. They talked to every student around this time in order to make sure they were on the right track for the end of the semester just before a break and the start of a new one. Her tutor felt she'd be able to graduate within the next year or two. She wanted to share her news with Stephen. Ursula walked out of reception area of the college building where she'd signed all necessary tutorial forms for the following year, to see Paul waiting for her. She went in the opposite direction in the hope of avoiding him. No such luck, as he followed her. She'd told Stephen not to bother picking her up after college. There was too much left to do with her courses, and she needed the extra time. Whenever she was with Stephen none of her work got done. She knew something was going on in his life. He wouldn't share. After they made love and she fell asleep, he would go downstairs. Most nights she woke to find him talking on the phone in his office. Whatever was happening he didn't want her to know about it.

Putting her bag higher on her shoulder she tried to ignore Paul. He kept catching up with her. She wished she'd told Stephen to pick her up. The time she had to walk home she'd hoped to have to think about her situation. Instead, she'd have to deal with Paul, the last person she wanted to talk to.

"You can't get away from me," Paul said.

She stopped, spun around, and glared at him. "Why not? I did while we were dating. I'm surprised you're up. Have you watched all the p**n there can possibly be available to you?" Ursula carried on walking trying to ignore him.

"You can say whatever you want. I'm not going until I've done what I need to do," he said.

"Leave me alone."

He grabbed her arm stopping her in her tracks. "I want to talk to you."

"I don't want to talk to you. If Stephen finds out about this you'll be sorry." She tried to warn him away. It was dark outside, and she knew if he chose to be a problem then she'd be in trouble. There was no one in sight. She stood alone in the cold with her ex.

"I'm not going to hurt you." He held his arms up in surrender.

"You said that to me once. I don't believe you any longer. Stephen doesn't like you talking to me. I suggest you don't come near the college again." Ursula didn't like threatening him with Stephen, but she liked having a man she knew she could count on. Her feelings for him were intensifying every day. The time they spent together never seemed to be enough. Leaving him every day got harder for her to do. She wanted to be with him all the time. The other night she'd almost admitted to him that she loved him.

"He doesn't bother me. I've got someone with lots more protection and plenty of money. Besides, this is not about him. I've got something you need to see." She stared at him and saw the expensive suit. There was a change in him, which made her more nervous than comforted. If he had someone spending money then he would be causing some kind of trouble.

"What do you want?" she asked, growing irritated with him being in her company.

Paul handed her a file. She frowned but took it anyway. She noticed the card Stephen had given her several weeks ago was pinned on the front with a paper clip.

"What's this?"

"Give it a read and then see. Your lover-boy isn't what he seems." Paul stroked her hair. "If he asks, tell him to watch his back because he's coming."

He turned to walk away.

"Wait. You can't give me this then leave."

"Read it, Ursula. You have a right to know who you're dealing with. It's a little f**ked up if you ask me. Take care," he said. She didn't stop him when he walked away. His cryptic message infuriated her.

Ursula stood there staring at the file. "He's coming? How f**king lame." She shivered regardless of her thoughts. The night made her uncomfortable. Pulling her coat around her she put the file in her bag then walked the distance to Stephen's house. The time she'd wanted to clear her head had been ruined by Paul's presence. Now all she could think about was the file burning a hole in her bag.

She let herself into Stephen's house. It was too strange to call it her house. Stephen still wasn't home. She put the kettle on trying to ignore the curiosity about the file. Paul had given her something to doubt the man she was with. Ursula thought about Stephen and all the secrecy surrounding him. Pouring the hot water into the cup, she tried not to think about the file in her bag. She sat at the table, staring at her bag. Drumming her fingers on the table she tried to think of all the reasons not to listen to Paul. Finally, when she could stand it no more, she took the file out of her bag. She sipped her coffee then settled down her pounding heart. Opening the first page on the file, she began to read what was inside. There were photographs, names, places and information, all about two exclusive gentlemen's clubs. There were several names she recognised, including a few photographs of her and others. The more she read, the more she started to feel sick. Stephen wouldn't keep something like this from her, would he?

****

Paul walked round the corner and got into the waiting limousine. Eugene had company in the form of a high-class call girl. At least he thought it was. The woman was pretty with all the assets to please a man. Over the last few weeks he'd gotten used to seeing his boss with a woman sucking him off or in some stage of sexual activity. Watching it up close and seeing it on the television screen were two different things. He settled back with a glass of wine as he watched the woman bob her head in Eugene's lap, sucking his cock. His own shaft stirred in his pants. He wondered if Eugene was up to sharing her oral talents.

Glancing away he thought about what he'd just done. Ursula looked good. Before she spotted him, she'd looked happy. He pushed any thoughts of guilt to the back of his mind. The money, the women, were all worth it.

"Did everything go to plan?" Eugene asked.

"She took the file. I know Ursula. She'll read it." When he forgot about the guilt he was able to let his needs over ride his conscience. He sipped his wine thinking about the change in his ex. She looked hotter than he remembered. Her full body would be glorious to pound. There was a time he had enjoyed tapping her. Maybe, after she read that file and realised what a sick f**k her boyfriend was, she'd come crawling back to him.

"Good. I want to cause Stephen so many problems it will make his head spin. Harder." Eugene's fist tightened in the woman's hair. Paul winced from the viciousness of the action. "Have you talked to the guy?"

"Yes, he'll do as you asked." Paul didn't understand half of the instructions he'd been asked to do. He'd done them for the money. Every time he completed a set of instructions he got paid.

"That f**king club is about to be turned on its head. I can't wait to see what happens when the world sees it." Eugene grunted.

Paul looked away.

"Go and deep throat my friend. I want you to swallow his cum as well." The woman crawled to him. Paul let her pull him free and laid his head back.

"You've done well, Mr. Mellor. Just watch the chaos about to happen."

Paul closed his eyes letting his boss's voice drown out.

****

Stephen opened the door. The scent of beef stew greeted him. Christmas was a couple of weeks away, and he was considering the decorations for the home. Ursula's family had invited them 'round to theirs, but he thought his place would be big enough for all of them. He hadn't decorated his home in so long. It had never felt like his home until Ursula entered his life. He knew her family would love the experience of staying with him. For once he'd have the whole house filled with the festivities. He smiled thinking about it. The more he thought about Christmas with Ursula the more excited her got.

"Ursula, are you home?" he asked. When she'd told him not to pick her up, he hadn't argued. He knew walking could be therapeutic. He fingered the box in his jacket. After visiting James and then his own club, he'd gone to the jewellers to find the perfect engagement ring. He didn't want a family heirloom. He wanted a design he picked. There was no response. He hung his jacket on the rail then turned to find Ursula standing staring at him. She looked angry as she held a file in her hands. Her eyes were red as if she'd been crying. Most days she ran into his arms. This time she stayed where she was. There was no welcome to her person.

"Who are you?"

He frowned. "What are you talking about?"

"This ... stuff. What are you?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Are you really going to try and lie to me?" He saw the anger. Her whole body was shaking with it.

"Tell me what you're talking about, and then I can try and make sense of these accusations." His own anger was increasing.

She slammed the file against his chest. "You want to know what I'm talking about?" He nodded his head. She moved away, and he caught the file in his hands. Stephen kept his gaze on her. "Does Club Possession ring a bell? Or perhaps Ravage? Men who feel the need to own women and to beat them with canes or whatever else. Tell me, Stephen, what does it all mean?"

He glanced down at the file in his hand. Before he had chance she started ranting again. In that moment he wished he'd told her truth.

"Possession is a secret society where you manipulate women into doing as they're told? Or a bloody BDSM club where you share women? Tell me about it, Stephen. I want to know the man I've given my body to. The same man I'm sharing a house with. Tell me what the f**k is going on," she said without taking a breath. He flicked the file open seeing as much detail as possible to raise questions. He recalled his conversation with James back at his own club. Someone was trying to cause problems, and they were hitting at the women.

"Where did you get this?" he asked.

"Why does that matter? I want to know who you are. I have a right to know."

"You've thrown your accusations at me. I have an obligation to know the person who has this information on my business." He shouted all the words at her. The fact someone was able to gather pictures as well as the type of information to place in a file put him and the members of both clubs at risk. The images were more explicit than the ones James had received.

"You think those people are more important?"

"I think keeping the secrecy of a club that has been going since before I was f**king born is more important than dealing with any kind of issue. Some of these men are f**king powerful people, Ursula. Whatever you know, I need to know it now." He hated shouting at her. The tears filled her eyes. He saw them, and they cut him deep to know he was the cause for her tears.

He moved closer to her, but she took several steps back. Stephen followed her until she had her back against the wall. He cupped her cheeks. "I love you," he said. For the last few weeks he'd been aware of the way he felt about her, but he had never told her. He thought it would be best if she said the words first or at least say them when he proposed. He knew proposing would be the last thing he did now.

"How do you know?" she asked.

He pressed her hand against his heart. "I've known for a long time. I know this has shocked, maybe even scared you. I promise you that I'll love you no matter what. My club is important. Please, tell me who gave you this file."

She paused for several long minutes. He thought she wasn't going to tell him. "Paul stopped me outside of college. He gave me the file."

"Did he say who gave him the file?"

She shook her head. Stephen nodded, kissing her lips. "I need you to give me some time. I have some calls to make."

"Why?"

"This can cause some serious problems. I can't tell you everything you need to know right now. Give me this time, and I promise you I'll tell you everything."

"I'll be in the library. Studying." She left him. He saw the change in her. Her back was ramrod straight.

When she was out of sight he went to his office, closing the door for added privacy. He stared at the pages more closely then picked up the phone. James answered on the third ring.

"Mr. Knox calling me from his home once again. To what do I owe the pleasure?"

Stephen ran his fingers through his hair. "Ursula was given a file today by her ex."

"Really? How fascinating."

"Inside it were pictures of you at Ravage with your sub. These images do not look good. The same goes for the pictures at my own club."

There was no noise from the other end.

"You need to show me that file."

"Agreed. I've got to deal with Ursula first. She's not in the best of moods at the moment. I'm going to bring her to my club. Be there by ten tonight, and call the other men."

"Since when am I your slave, Knox?"

"Since this can cause us some serious shit and I've got a woman to calm. Do this for me. You'll get to meet Ursula tonight."

"And you think your woman will be an incentive for me?"

"I thought Lucas was handling this problem. I don't think anything has been handled," Stephen said.

"We've done everything we can. Eugene is either more intelligent than we gave him credit for, or someone else is working the scenes," James said.

"We've not had any contact but this. I think they're targeting us because of Dominic." Stephen ran his fingers through his hair, the stress of the moment finally getting to him.

"I'll be in touch with the others. I'll see you at Possession in a few hours."

The call ended. Stephen flicked through the pages, hating the images he saw of Ursula in his arms. She didn't deserve to be mixed in the trouble the clubs could cause. The stuff he was learning put her in too much danger. The information annoyed him. Possession and Ravage were not about defiling women. The men loved their women. He was growing annoyed with every word written on the page. He slammed the file shut then went to find her. She sat in the library with her arms wrapped around her legs. The coffee table in front of the couch where she sat had her college books. The silence unnerved him. Ursula had never ignored him, but he felt ignored as he moved closer to her. Stephen moved the books she'd piled onto the table out of the way, then sat down where the books had been. He placed the file next to him. He didn't want to sit next to her. Being face to face was for the best. His heart ached for the pain she must be going through. She'd left before he'd even woken that morning. He hadn't anticipated Paul beating him to it. He should have known. Stephen knew he'd made a stupid decision to keep it from her. He went to touch her, but she moved her hands away. It was as if she couldn't bear his touch.

"I need you to listen to me," he said, pressing his palms together and resting them between his legs.

"Is that true?" She nodded her head to where the file lay next to him on the coffee table.

"Some of it is true. Not all of it. No, listen. I need to talk to you about this."

"I'm listening," she said. The tears in her eyes killed him.

"I know you hate me right now."

"I don't hate you, Stephen. I could never hate you. What I don't like is finding this stuff out about the man I love from someone else instead of you telling me yourself." She looked down at her hands after she spoke. He'd heard the words but didn't know what to say.

His heart stopped beating. "You love me?"

"Of course I do, you dope. How could I not? I've given you so much of myself already. I spend most of my days not wanting to be anywhere else, but I need to understand what that is." She rubbed her hands over her knees. The tears spilled down her cheeks. "Explain it to me, and I'll try to understand."

It was more than he expected. He nodded and waited for the words to come to him. "I own an exclusive gentlemen's club called Possession. That part was true. There is also a BDSM club known as Ravage run by James, the guy who pulled me away from Lucas and Sean. There is a belief that there are men out there who are particularly possessive about their women."

"Most people are possessive about the partner in their lives. It doesn't mean they go to a club and do that."

"BDSM is James's field. I go to the club to watch but nothing else. I know some of the men who like to take it to the next level. I don't. This club has been passed down through generations ever since the Knox line began. The members of the club know they act with discretion. They can take their women and know they are safe. Men within the club will not try to hit on any of the women."

"It sounds reasonable."

"The jealousy is what makes it bad. When I saw Paul in your apartment I wanted to hurt him. No one can touch what's mine, and you're mine. It's a little joke among the men that we consider ourselves 'owners'. You're our women, and we own you. It's a very outdated part of the club, but the statements go with the history." He tried to explain. She sat forward getting closer to him.

"I get it."

"There was an incident a couple of years back. A guy by the name of Lloyd Black used the club to abuse his wife. He's in prison serving a sentence for attacking his wife. Rebecca ended up in hospital with serious injuries." He didn't go into detail. Stephen reached for the file and flipped it open.

"In my club what happens is a lot of drinking and talking. A place for men like myself to socialise without fear of being ridiculed for our beliefs. Some men like to bring their women to the club and make love to them with an audience. In my club no one shares. I don't allow it."

He pulled out a photo of one of the couples. "This is a woman who has been happily married to the man in the photo for over ten years. He runs an investment group and is possessive about who she talks to. The club offers him the chance to be free and open with her away from the prying eyes of most of the public."

She nodded. He put the photo aside and reached for another. "That is James, and he's going to be pissed someone took a photo of this. He'd training a submissive woman. He's a dominant through and through. This is his whole life. I've known him since he was a boy. Our clubs are part of the same group. Our parents were close. What he is doing here is punishing a woman. It is convenient how the photographer left out the vital part of the picture," he said.

"What vital part?"

"She's turned on, Ursula. If they had gotten her pu**y in the shot, you would see she was dripping with cum."

Her cheeks turned red. He caressed the red then went back to each picture discussing in great detail what each one was.

Afterwards, he put the file aside and stared at her.

"Someone wanted to break us up?" she asked.

Stephen shook his head. "They want me distracted. If you leave me then my mind won't be on the club, and things will go wrong."

"Why didn't you tell me about this?"

He sat on the sofa and pulled her into his lap. "You're different from all the women I know. I'm used to them falling at my feet for my money or the power I have to make things happen. I'm a wealthy, influential businessman, and that usually gets me what I want. You worked for me, argued with me, and challenged me at all points. I thought this possession was a load of bullshit." He stroked her hair as she sat across his lap. His c**k stirred with her closeness.

"Don't you feel possessive towards me?"

"I almost started a fight with two men I considered friends because they were talking to you. I feel possessive more than you'll ever know. Lucas and Sean were trying to show me my possessive side. Up until you I never thought it was possible to be that connected with someone. I hate dropping you off at college. I want to give you everything, but I don't want to leave you alone." He never thought being open with her about this side of him would be so liberating.

"Do you really love me?" she asked.

"Yes." He reached into his pocket taking out the little box. "I did have a perfect plan to give you this. I was going to take you to an Italian restaurant, and we'd eat and have wine. I've told your father I was going to ask you. I thought there could be a better time to ask. I think the time is now."

Taking a deep breath, he opened the lid. "Ursula Mills, will you do this old man the honour of becoming my wife?"

She stared at the ring, then at him with more tears glinting in her eyes.

"I was hoping for longer time for my speech to be perfect," he said.

She grabbed him, pressing her lips to his. Stephen pulled away to stare at her. "Is that a yes?"

Ursula nodded her head. "I don't need a fancy speech. This is perfect."

He took the ring out of the box. She gave him her finger, and he slid it on. A perfect fit. The beast inside him calmed more when the ring was on her finger.

"I want you to take me to your club," she said. Stephen had every intention of taking her. He didn't want to, but he knew they had to go.

"I'm taking you with me tonight. I've got to go to Possession to talk to the men. James wants to see this file and meet you properly. I feel better knowing I've put a ring on your finger." He stroked her knee wanting to do so much more. She smiled at him. Her eyes were still red from her tears. Stephen hated the distance between them. "I know you're still angry with me at the moment. I shouldn't have kept this part of me from you. I hope you know and understand why I kept it away from you."

"No, you shouldn't." She looked past his shoulder. The tears swelled in her eyes. He noticed her playing with his engagement ring on her finger. "I want to be angry at you. You've proposed, and I'm so happy at the same time."

"Please, don't cry. I hate seeing you cry."

"I consider myself to be very liberated in my reasoning. I accept a lot, but I don't know why you would hide this from me. I've been more open with you than anyone. You met my family, and I've given you more of myself to you." She moved off his lap. Stephen turned to her.

He felt like a total bastard. She'd been nothing but honest with him while he'd kept a great deal from her. "I didn't believe in what my club was about until you walked into my life, and I didn't think you'd accept a man who feels possessive towards you. I thought I'd be able to hide it from you."

"What? Why? I know there are a lot of women who don't want a man to be there, but I'm not like them. I like knowing you'll be there. Your possessive nature is part of who you are, Stephen. I wouldn't want to change you. Even if you are a pain in the ass."

"The clubs have been going for years like I told you. I inherited them. Being a Knox means I have an obligation to keep them running, and I'll have to pass my information onto my son one day. There is the age gap between us, and I didn't want to give you any more causes to doubt our relationship."

"You have a son?" she asked.

"No." At the mention of a son, he imagined Ursula swollen with his child. She would look so sexy. An ache hit him square in the chest at the thought of getting her pregnant. He shook his head. He wouldn't be able to get her pregnant unless they could get past this. "The only person I have is you," he said.

"What do I need to wear?" He sighed knowing they weren't going to get much more talking without her knowing more about his club.

"You can come like you are," he said.

Chapter Sixteen

Ursula sat in the passenger's side of his car as Stephen pressed the security code and identification into the board at the side of the gate. The silence in the car was deafening. The ring on her finger felt heavy. She'd agreed to marry him without seeing this side of him because she loved him. There was no way she could live the rest of her life without him in it. She loved him. She wanted to be with him. Her decision had to be the right one.

He drove down the long drive way. She found the many trees and darkness amusing. It was like the opening to some kind of horror movie based around a haunted house. After a few minutes he parked the car in a large parking lot. There were several more cars already parked. Stephen helped her out of the car. She gasped when she saw the mansion before her. It was larger than Stephen's house, and she thought that was huge.

"Wow," she said.

"It has a lot of history around it." He placed a hand at her back taking her to the front entrance.

A man waited inside the door. Stephen greeted him then took her coat from her. She smiled at the man, who gave her a nod of the head. So far everything seemed normal. Stephen opened the door to the main hallway. He led her down the hall to another room. She took a deep breath. Her nerves were driving her crazy. They walked through a room that held a bar. There was a sultry dark-haired singer on stage.

They stopped at the bar while Stephen ordered a coffee for himself. "I'll have a beer," she said.

"The lady will have a beer." She needed to do something to calm herself.

Violet sat next to Cadeon at a large table. She saw a couple more men with their women curled up against them. They were touching each other. Small touches on the hand, back, or face, but she saw the need she felt. Acting on instinct, Ursula took Stephen's hand as they walked the small distance to the sitting area where his friends sat. The men stood when she approached.

"Hi, everyone. Tate, Kevin, Sean, and Lucas you know. Also, Cadeon and Violet. This man, though, is James. He was at the party, but I don't recall you two being introduced." Stephen made the introductions. James kissed her hand and let her go immediately. She liked there was no lingering in touches with each other.

They sat for several moments. She saw all the men exchange glances. "I'm going to have to leave you here while I go and talk with the others. Violet will stay with you." Ursula nodded her head watching them all leave.

Stephen kissed her deeply before leaving. Cadeon did the same to Violet.

Seconds later, she sat with Violet sipping her beer.

"Are you all right?" Violet asked.

"I'm fine. This is just ... erm ... for me it is just a little too much at the moment." She tried to explain without sounding judgmental.

"I understand. When Cadeon told me about this place I was concerned. Then I was charmed, and I found it funny." Violet sipped from a soda can.

"I'm surprised you don't drink hard. Do you want me to order you some wine?"

Violet shook her head. "I don't drink. I'm more of a tea or coffee girl."

"When did you and Cadeon become an item?"

"Over four months ago. I used to work for him in one of his businesses."

Ursula spat beer out of her mouth, the action so sudden Violet jumped. "Shit, I'm so sorry." She grabbed napkins to try and clean up the mess.

"What did I say?" Violet asked.

"You worked for him?"

The other woman nodded her head. Ursula finished cleaning away the mess she'd created. "I work for, no, I used to work for Stephen. I cleaned his house and cooked his dinner."

"I don't know a lot about Stephen. Living with Cadeon is more than enough for me. He likes me to himself, and to be honest, I like being with him."

"Was he honest about this place?" She finished wiping up the beer. The woman minding the bar came over to gather the towels. Ursula sat down with the half finished bottle of beer.

"Yes, Cadeon has always been honest with me. I wasn't with him in the beginning. I know this life is not for every woman, but it is for me. I love him, and it's nice knowing I'll always be safe." Violet smiled sipping her tea.

Ursula recalled what Stephen had told her about the other woman. Violet looked really happy.

Several men sat in the opposite booth. Neither of them looked over at them or sent side-long glances. "They won't approach the table," Violet said.

"What?" Ursula turned back to the other woman.

"One of the rules of the club is not to approach other women. The staff are not to be dated, and the women who frequent the club are considered taken. You're wearing a pendant known by many to be Stephen Knox's possession. To the men, you're owned by him."

Ursula listened to Violet. Her words should piss her off. Being owned by men was a barbaric way of looking at situations.

"You're totally fine with all of this?" Ursula asked. She was pissed at her own lack of being pissed.

"Why wouldn't I be? Cadeon loves me. I spent a great deal of my life being afraid. He takes care of me. I like knowing when I fall asleep in his arms everything will be okay. I don't expect you to understand. There have been women that he's told me about who hated this whole thing. But for once wouldn't you like someone to hold you, love you, and protect you?" Violet put her cup down. "Before Cadeon there was nothing in my life but fear. I was scared to live. Now, I have him. There is nothing else in the world I want."

Her passionate speech made Ursula listen. She put her empty bottle down and stared at the pendant. Since meeting Stephen she'd been happy. He made her happy by being with her.

"I hope I didn't upset you," Ursula said.

"Cadeon warned me. He said you'd ask questions. I don't mind. You're the first woman who has talked to me since coming here. It's nice. I hope you stay with Stephen. I don't know him that well, but he seems different with you. He seems happy."

Her ring turned on her finger. Ursula stared down at the small diamond band. She'd agreed to marry him. She would have to tell her sister, her parents, everyone she loved that she was marrying Stephen. The panic rose inside her. She didn't like being the centre of attention. She didn't know how she would get through a wedding. Ursula lifted her hand up to show Violet the ring.

"Is that what I think it is?"

"Yes. He proposed before we came over." Violet cooed over the ring. Ursula smiled at her response. The ring felt heavy on her finger. After some time Violet offered to take her 'round the club. Ursula followed the other woman as they moved from room to room.

"From what Cadeon tells me this whole place is Stephen's."

Just another thing to make me nervous.

****

Stephen passed the file to James who began looking through it. He knew the instant he got to the photographs as he began cursing under his breath. The moment James finished he passed it to the other men. He waited until all of them had seen the file before commenting.

Lucas closed the file then put it down on the desk. Stephen had cleaned away the mess in his office during the week. This was the only place he knew to be safe and secure.

"I don't like the look of those pictures," James said first. "Everything else can be put down to hearsay, but those pictures can damage our reputation. What do we know on Ursula's ex?"

"Paul Mellor hates working. He finds a woman, settles down, then lets her work until she kicks him out. From my sources he's been doing it since he turned eighteen," Sean said. "According to what Stephen has said, he spent most of his time watching p**n while Ursula was at work or college."

"So we can rule out him running the show?" James asked. He clearly looked concerned. Stephen understood the concern. That single picture of him punishing his submissive did not paint James in a very good light.

Stephen sat back and thought about everything that had happened in the last few months. "I think it's Eugene Black."

"It's Eugene," Tate and Kevin said in unison.

"How do you know for sure?" James asked. "That little f**ker has been off the scene for awhile."

"He's the sole trustee of the Black fortune. There have been large amounts of funds being transferred into his bank from a British investor. That selfsame investor was putting money into Dominic's account," Tate said.

"How come we're only learning about it now?" Stephen asked.

"Because I had to do a deal with a very bad man. Do you remember all the men who were with Dominic the night we took Violet back? There was one man who swore to tell everything he knew. None of us or the police listened. I've been to see him. He's British and was deported back to his own country. I went to see him." Tate explained everything in detail. "His name is Dane Wood. From everything he's told me, Eugene and Dominic had a deal. Together they would export and import women to be sold on the black market. He can link the two together."

"Black and Green? Are you f**king serious?" Sean asked.

"Doesn't matter about their last names."

"What does Dane want in the process?" Stephen asked. He would pay a great deal to see Eugene off the streets.

"He wants out of prison. Dane said he didn't change one prison for another. His family owned Dominic a debt. Dane paid it with his service. With his boss gone, his service is over," Tate said.

"We can't get him out of jail," James said. "He's a criminal."

"A criminal with a lot of information and evidence, which is what we don't have." Stephen ran his fingers through his hair. "I'll make the call. You get in touch with Dane and have everything set up soon. I'll get my lawyer to him. You've got to make sure he'll talk."

"There is another catch," Tate said.

"What?"

"He wants in on the club. A complete new life. His old life will end with him being assumed dead or something like that. No one from his old life knows about him. He doesn't want to go back to England." Tate continued explaining all the details.

"I can't guarantee that."

"You don't know the full extent of what this guy knows. He could be a huge help to our own government as well as added protection over here. He's a big man with a hell of a lot of power. My best guess as to why he's waited this long is because he'd been waiting for the right people to get in touch with him."

Everything Tate said made sense. Stephen knew he'd have to do a deal. "Call him. We'll get this sorted out. Remind him this could take a few months. None of us are judges or lawyers, but we'll get everything paid so he gets a decent hearing and whatever else he needs."

"There is no way we could work to have a criminal transferred. We don't have that kind of power," James said.

"We don't have that kind of power, but my contacts who were after Dominic will want whatever information this Dane has to help bring down other criminals. They'll make a deal. It will take time and will require a guarantee that he'll be watched. Sean and I can provide that," Lucas said.

"I don't like it, but at this moment that's our only option," Tate said.

They all nodded in agreement. There was nothing else they could do. Everyone left the office apart from James.

"Do you have any f**king clue what you're doing?" James asked the moment the door closed giving them privacy.

"I'm doing what needs to be done. We can't take Eugene down. We don't know where he is or what he's doing. This is our only shot." Stephen stood up to leave the office.

"You're talking about housing a criminal!"

"I'm talking about saving the f**king club and protecting my woman. I don't give a shit about anything else. If you've got a better idea I'm all ears, but until you do, I'm taking the criminal." He slammed out of the office to see Ursula waiting for him. Violet was leaving with Cadeon.

James walked out of the office. He ignored Stephen and went straight to Ursula. "You're a lovely girl. Please, keep an eye on this one." Then he walked out.

"Are you ready to leave?"

"Yes."

The drive home was quiet, and when they walked inside Stephen went straight to his office. He phoned his lawyer giving him a run-down of all the problems happening with the club. His lawyer sounded pissed with the instructions, but he agreed to sort it out. After some time, Stephen shut down the computer and took a small drink of whiskey before making his way upstairs. The light in the bedroom was off. Ursula lay in the bed. He didn't know if she was asleep or not.

He threw his clothes to the floor getting in behind her. "I love you," he said.

"I love you, too."

Stephen wrapped his arms around her, holding her close. There was nothing he wouldn't do to keep her safe.

"Make love to me, Stephen."

Turning her to him, he kissed her deeply. For the rest of the night he loved her body showing her with more than words how much he loved her.

Chapter Seventeen

Over the next few days Ursula spent as much time at Possession as possible. She liked the comfort it provided. Also, she didn't have to stay at home while Stephen went to the club. Most of the time Violet sat in one area waiting for Cadeon, but Ursula liked exploring every area of the club. All the rooms were a mystery to her. The staff opened up to her about the running of the club. She liked being at the club while Stephen went about his business. After they'd made love a few nights ago, he'd told her everything that was happening at the club. She had learned a great deal about the problems.

All she wanted to do was help him the best way she could. He liked her presence, and it helped him deal with everything. There were a lot of discussions with several men entering his office. James stopped by to see her, but Sean and Lucas spent a great deal of time with her. The other men who frequented the club left her alone. She liked knowing she'd have peace and quiet.

Her family were excited about her engagement. Ruby was nervous about her marrying so young. She knew the moment her mother came to town she'd be instructed to take a pregnancy test. Ursula smiled at the thought. Stephen hadn't known she was on birth control. When she'd told him she was, he'd asked her to stop taking it. She didn't want to start a family straight away. Spending time with the man she loved meant more to her than anything else.

Lucas stopped near where she stood waiting for Stephen outside his office. He began talking, and soon she was hanging onto his every word as he told a joke. When it got to the punch line Ursula couldn't help but chuckle. He always made her laugh, and she found him charming.

"I'd better go inside and see what the damage is."

"He's been in a good mood," she said.

A picture fell out of his back pocket. She reached out for it.

"Lucas, wait." She picked up the photo. He turned to her. "You dropped this." She gave him the photo.

"Thanks," he said, taking it from her. She noticed he hesitated a few moments while staring down at the picture. "It's my sister. She's, erm, she's not with us anymore, but I like to keep a picture of her with me." He showed her the woman in the photo. Ursula frowned. She recognised her.

"I know her."

Sean walked into the hall before Lucas had a chance to talk. "What are you looking at?" He saw the photo. Lucas pushed him out of the way.

"What do you mean you've seen her?" He moved closer. She knew something was wrong.

"I thought I'd seen her, but if you said she's gone then it can't be her," Ursula said. Lucas looked frightened.

"When did you see her?" Lucas asked.

"Wait, what's going on?" Sean tried to move Lucas out of the way.

"She knows where Isabella is."

Both men crowded her bombarding her with questions. She didn't know what to do. They were both larger than she.

"Get the f**k away from her," Stephen yelled pushing both men out of the way.

"She knows where Isabella is." Lucas shoved the photo up into Stephen's face. She gazed at the photo and saw the same woman from the park.

Stephen turned to her. "Do you know the woman in this photo?" he asked.

"I went walking in the park a few weeks ago and bumped into a woman who looked very similar. She was dirty like she spent most of her time on the streets. The resemblance is remarkable from what I remember."

"What park?" Sean asked.

Ursula gave them directions, and both men headed toward the door.

"Where are you going?" Stephen called back.

"This is the first real lead we've had. I'm going to go find my sister," Lucas said.

Cadeon and the others left with the two men. Ursula looked at Stephen. "I could be wrong."

"But you could be right. It has been over five years since either of those men have seen this woman." He gave her the photo. "I'm going to help them look."

She gazed at the picture then followed him outside. "I'm coming with you." Everything was moving so fast. Ursula didn't know if she could keep up with everything. Stephen drove in the direction she told him.

"Stay here," he said when he got out of the car.

"You can't expect me to stay here while you're all looking for her."

"That's exactly what I want you to do. This is dangerous. I want you to be safe." He kissed her then walked off inside the park. She watched as they walked round the park where she'd bumped into Isabella. With a sigh of frustration she got back in the car. Reaching into her pocket she pulled out the photo, flipping the card between her fingers. She glanced down at the photo in her hand, putting the light of the car on. When she'd seen her, she'd been upset, but she was sure it was the same woman she'd bumped into in the park.

Ursula saw the lights of their torches as all the men ran 'round the park looking for the woman. She felt wrong sitting in the car while the others were out looking. There was a free torch, which she grabbed, and then began searching. The bushes were thick, and the darkness made them scarier.

Everything was moving fast, and she felt she was struggling to keep up. "Isabella?" She shouted the woman's name to no avail. The cold was bothering her. She wrapped her jacket around her body trying to keep out the chill. Sean stopped beside her.

"Are you sure it was her?" he asked.

"She looks very similar. I can't guarantee."

There was a noise in the bushes. They froze as the sound came again. Sean pushed the leaves out of the way. He took the torch from her and shined it through the darkness. There on the ground lay a body curled up.

Sean went towards it. Ursula followed behind. The tension in him couldn't be mistaken for anything else.

The body didn't move when he approached. He handed her the flashlight. She pointed the light near the body's head. Sean turned her over.

"Isabella." He cried out her name holding her close. "She's freezing." He pulled her in close. His shouting alerted the others. They helped them out, Stephen shooting her a glare as they walked. Lucas took her from Sean. They pushed her matted hair off her head. She was pale, thin, and looked dead.

Stephen wrapped his arms around her as they checked her pulse. "She's got a pulse, but it's weak." There was no movement from her.

The next few hours went by fast. Sean and Lucas drove Isabella to the hospital. Cadeon left to be with his woman while Tate and Kevin said they were going home.

"You're not going to Rebecca's tonight?" Stephen asked.

"She's been on edge. We don't want to scare her. After tonight I just want to go home."

"We're going home," Stephen said.

Ursula didn't argue as he drove back to his place. He was silent. The anger inside him could not be mistaken. She watched him lock the door then turn 'round to her. Stephen pressed her up against the wall, his anger clear.

"Do you have any idea the kind of danger you were in? Anyone could have been there tonight. I asked you to stay in the car," he said.

"I wasn't going to leave you alone. I'm not built that way, Stephen."

"You don't understand anything I've told you. There is a man looking to bring me down. He's not against using you to get to me. I'm talking about selling you, Ursula. He trades women as whores. This is what he does."

"I'm right here. Nothing happened."

He cupped her face, caressing her cheek with his knuckles. "If anything ever happened to you I wouldn't forgive myself."

"Nothing is going to happen to me. I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere." She grabbed his face to kiss him. He let her. Their passion clawed at them until they were up in their room, making love on the bed.

They were too distracted to hear the phone, which rang until it cut out.

****

Stephen pulled out of Ursula quickly to answer the phone. She moaned in protest. Their lovemaking had gone deep into the night, and he hadn't wanted to leave the snug fit of her pu**y.

"Hello," he said.

"Stephen? You need to come to the hospital." Cadeon was on the line.

"What? Why? Is something wrong with Violet?" He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Ursula turned on the light. He caught a glimpse of her red ass from his hand the night before. His c**k stirred at the thought of taking her again. She'd become insatiable in the last few days. She wanted him constantly.

"Violet is fine. Rebecca Black was attacked in her home. She's in the hospital. Tate and Kevin are ready to kill. We were all distracted, Stephen. Lucas and Sean finding Isabella that easily after all this time was a trick. Also, before you get here, turn on the news." Cadeon hung up.

Stephen frowned at the cryptic message, his heart pounding.

"What's going on?" Ursula asked.

"Rebecca has been attacked." He turned the television on and flicked to the news channel. Ursula gasped while he felt immeasurable anger. Someone had exposed his club. James came onto the camera trying to get past the press as he got into his car.

"Exposed, a club designed to lure women for men's pleasure or simply a rich man's control. This is Anna Stern reporting live outside the location of Ravage. A BDSM club, which is connected to Club Possession another local-"

He turned the television off, unable to deal with the rest of what the woman would say.

"Is this bad?" she asked.

"It's bad enough. First, we need to get to the hospital. I don't want you at home alone. If the media are determined to run this story then we need to stick together. They'll be hitting here next."

Stephen dressed and called for his security team to pick him up. Ursula ran to get dressed as he went to his office. He'd begun dressing while talking with Ursula. He buttoned his shirt up as his mobile phone went off.

"Hello," he said without looking at the caller's number.

"I never meant for that woman to get hurt." It was the voice of a man on the line.

"Who is this?"

"He's going to call you in an hour. It's a trap. You need to be waiting. I signed on for money. I didn't sign on for this," the man said.

"Paul?"

The caller hung up.

Stephen was more confused. Another call came through as Ursula walked into the room. It was his security team letting him know they were ready. Getting out of his house became similar to a jigsaw puzzle. There were paparazzi everywhere. The driver had to dodge all the people who stood in the way.

When they arrived at the hospital there was more press. His lawyer had everything in place for Dane to be transported out of England. Ursula was shaking. He wrapped his arms around her as they got out.

"Is it true you abuse young women?"

"How can you be engaged to him?"

The badgering questions kept coming. Stephen rushed her inside. She covered her ears. The nurse was waiting to escort them upstairs. He recognised her from the last time Rebecca had been in the hospital.

James and Cadeon were in the waiting room. Violet lay curled on the chair next to her man fast asleep. Tate and Kevin came out of one room while Sean and Lucas came out of the other.

All four men looked like they'd seen death.

"What happened?" Stephen asked. Ursula helped him to focus.

"A couple of guys broke into Rebecca's place. They trashed everything and then-" Tate couldn't finish.

"Her neighbour alerted the police. The house was in Cadeon's name, so they called him first," Kevin said.

"Was she ... raped?"

"No. They slapped her around. Someone stopped it. There was an ambulance already on the way when the neighbour called the police."

Stephen frowned. The person had to be Paul. The police came to ask them some questions. He called his lawyer to begin the deal to get Eugene.

"How is Isabella?" he asked Lucas.

"She's not woken up. Whatever has happened to her, the doctors don't know if she'll wake up. There was the cold, and from the track marks she'd been taking plenty of drugs." Lucas stopped talking. Stephen understood. The pain of everything was too much to deal with.

"Excuse me, Mr. Knox, Mr. Sanchez, there is a phone call for you. They want Mr. Castleden and Mr. Ashwood as well," a nurse said to them. Stephen left Ursula with Tate and Kevin as all of them went into the doctor's room. "He told me to escort you here."

The nurse closed the door behind her. The speaker phone beeped on the phone. Stephen pressed the button waiting for the person on the other end.

"I see you got my message." The unmistakable sound of Eugene Black sounded on the line.

"What the f**k have you done?" James asked.

"Patience, James, Patience. I'm surprised you're not thanking me. Not only have I cured Rebecca's problem about getting out of the house, I've also given you your freedom. Possession and Ravage will be no more," Eugene said.

James looked angry.

"What do you want, Eugene?" Stephen said.

"I want to meet. I think the abandoned warehouse from where Dominic took Violet would be the best location."

"Why? You got what you wanted. The clubs are in tatters. Your message has been received loud and clear," Stephen said.

"Actually, it hasn't. There is something else I want from you. I paid a pretty penny for Violet. I want my money back. She would have gotten me so much more where I would have put her."

"You're not having Violet," Cadeon yelled.

"I don't want used goods. Did you know there are a lot of men looking for virgin women? I mean millions of pounds or dollars for the use of one."

"Why are you telling me all this?" Stephen asked.

"Because you have information that connects me to this crap. My father is in prison. I don't want the same. Give me what I want, and Ursula won't disappear along with all the women connected to the club. You don't want to mess with me. I'll be at the warehouse in one hour. Be there, or lose everything you've ever known." The call rang off.

"Dane is not in the country yet. He can't help us," James said.

"Suddenly it's a good idea?" Stephen asked.

"Sarcasm won't get us anywhere."

"We have copies of everything. I'm coming with you. I've got my contacts in the police force. They're already smoothing over the impact of the exposure of the clubs. The exposure now is based on the media's attention. They're not going to bring us in for questioning. They want answers to the disappearance of women," Lucas said.

"Then get in touch and tell them where we'll be in an hour."

"Stephen, without Dane we don't have much to go on," Lucas said.

"We'll get him to talk. I'll go in first. I want someone to stay at the hospital with Ursula and Violet."

"Tate and Kevin won't leave Rebecca. They'll be safe with them," Sean said.

Stephen nodded. "Don't you two want to stay here with Isabella?"

"She's out of it at the moment. In a coma. The doctors don't know if she's going to wake up. I want to get this dealt with before she does," Lucas said.

They made arrangements. The men left the room to go and get the people they would need for a showdown. An hour's notice wasn't great, but if they could work it right, they would get everything they needed.

His mobile went off.

"It's a trap," Paul said the moment he turned the phone on. "He's going to try and kill you, and he's already trying to kill the man you've got travelling here."

"Why are you helping me?"

"I don't. I'm not like him. His plan is to get rid of all of you and force that woman to drop the charges against his father. He's mad, and I want nothing to do with this. I thought I was supposed to do a couple of messages, and that was it."

Stephen told Paul what was going to happen. By the time he rang off he was pleased to have been planning for something like this for the past few weeks. He hadn't thought Eugene would attempt something this soon, but he had to live with it.

Ursula sat waiting for them. Sean and Lucas had already left. He didn't know what they were doing exactly. He hoped they would get what they needed.

"What's going on?" she asked. He stroked her hair then kissed her on the lips.

"I don't want you to leave the hospital," he said. "You're going to be safe here."

"No, something is happening. You can't keep me in the dark, Stephen."

"This is for your safety. I can't do this if I don't know you're okay." He ran his thumb over her bottom lip. "I love you."

"I love you. Don't go. There are others who can go. Don't go." She begged him. The tears filling her eyes tightened his gut.

"Don't do that, Ursula. I'll make it back. I love you."

She held onto him for as long as possible. James pulled him away from her. She watched him go.

"We've got a date to set," he shouted to her.

"What?"

"For when we get married. I want to set a date."

Chapter Eighteen

She watched him walk away. Tate and Kevin were sitting staring at the door to Rebecca's room. They looked angry. Violet lay on the couch, her head in her hands. Ursula sat next to the other woman while her heart felt broken. The hours had passed in a blur. The sun was beginning to rise outside the window. She should be in bed with Stephen where none of these problems could reach them.

"How can you sit there?" Ursula asked the other woman.

"Cadeon asked me to."

Rubbing her hands over her pants she stared at the window outside. The minutes passed, and all she thought about was the worst.

"I know where they are," Violet said.

"What?"

"I can't sit here waiting. They'll go to see Rebecca in a second. When they do, we'll leave out the front. Cadeon gave me his car keys." Violet made the plans while staring at the clock. On cue, both men stood to go to Rebecca's room. Both women removed their shoes and ran to the door of the hospital. They wanted to make as little sound as possible. Violet ran to Cadeon's car without any footwear. Ursula stumbled putting her shoes back on. The car was fired up as they pulled out of the hospital.

"What made you change your mind?" Ursula asked.

"I'm tired of being left behind. Cadeon is the only person I have left. I don't want to lose him."

She buckled her seat belt as Violet floored it. The speed of the car made her grip the handle on her door to try to steady herself. She prayed Stephen was okay. He had to be.

****

Stephen stared at Eugene Black. The disgust he felt towards the other man couldn't be disguised. Stephen hated any man who abused women. A raise was due to Lucas for finding the way to connect them with his contacts while inside the warehouse. He hoped Isabella and Rebecca would recover in the hospital. Tate and Kevin had promised to keep his woman safe. He saw Lucas and Sean at the back of the warehouse. They wanted to pummel the man who stood in front of him. He hoped everything was in place to take this bastard down. There was a lot of history with Lucas and Sean. Stephen didn't know if he wanted to understand any of it. Right now, he needed to focus. This f**ker could destroy his life and that of his club, the club he'd come to cherish in more ways than he could imagine.

Possession was part of him. The club was part of his own history, and in its own way a part of his father's. Being part of the club meant he was still with his father in some kind of way.

"So, we meet again," Eugene said.

"If all you wanted to do was meet, why cause all this to get to me?"

"Fun. I don't like you. My father hated you for taking over Possession. He thought he'd convinced your father to give the club to him. When that didn't go according to plan then dad had no choice but to go to Dominic."

"Why?"

"Money. Power. My dad had a preference for liking them young. Can you imagine how he felt when I came home with Isabella Sanchez?"

Lucas and Sean tensed.

"What does she have to do with this?" Stephen asked.

"Well, she was so devastated when Sean rejected her. Can you imagine how much fun it was when she pretty much ran into my arms? I took her home, and then my father sent her to Dominic. She was the icing on the cake of a very lucrative deal."

"She was sold this whole time?"

Eugene nodded. "Like most women, she was a means to an end."

"I don't get why you let Isabella Sanchez go?" he said.

"She was so f**king pitiful. Dominic paid a f**king fortune for her virgin cunt, and what did I get? Nothing. She was sold as far as I could tell. Then I saw her wandering around on the street. I decided to point her in the direction of her brother. She was useful. While you were looking for her, Rebecca was being beaten. The perfect distraction." Eugene shrugged his shoulders and smiled. Stephen saw Lucas losing his temper. "I love the fact I kept her right under their noses for all this time. I thought about taking her to the club to show off, but my dad told me not to. He warned me you'd end me."

"What's Lloyd got to do with this?"

"He wants his wife back. Rebecca was a great piece of ass. After my mother let herself go, he wanted a woman he could keep to his exacting standards. Rebecca fit the bill. She was young and had the curves my dad likes. Also, she never defended herself. A true submissive according to your friend, James. He was the one who introduced them, I believe."

James growled in anger.

They needed to keep him talking.

"What else do you want?"

"When Rebecca drops the charges my dad will be free to go. He wants to run the business. Also, we need some payment to the man who has taken Dominic's place. We figured Violet and Ursula would pay that bill," Eugene said.

Stephen's hands tightened to fists at the mention of his woman. The voice in his ear warned him they were ten minutes away. Sean and Lucas visibly relaxed, but then Eugene pulled a gun. "But I want you f**king dead."

****

Violet parked the car, and Ursula got out. Her heart was beating so fast she thought she was having a heart attack.

Paul stood outside the abandoned club. He was smoking a cigarette, and she knew he was nervous. The moment he saw her, the cigarette was thrown to the floor.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

"Stephen is in there. I've got to get to him," she said. As she spoke she walked towards the double doors.

"Don't be f**king stupid." Paul blocked her way, stopping her from entering. The man she loved was putting himself in danger, and she couldn't sit back and do nothing while he put himself at risk.

"I know you hate me, Paul, but I'm getting inside that building. I'm not letting Stephen get hurt." She pushed at him. His weight was unmoving no matter how much she pushed or tried to get him to move.

"I told you no, Ursula. For once do as you're told." He shoved her away. She stumbled, catching herself at the last moment before she fell on her ass. Annoyed at being denied access to Stephen, she picked up a stone and hurled it at Paul. The stone hit him on the chest. Still, he didn't move out of the way.

"I should have known you'd be working for that bastard. You don't have a f**king clue how to work at all. All you do is wait for a woman to come and serve you." She grabbed another stone launching it at him. He dodged the stone, which only made her angrier. "I bet you were the one who got that woman hurt. You know, the one you put in hospital." Ursula saw the guilt cross his face and knew she was right. Feeling angrier she began looking for more stuff to throw at him. "How could you?" She yelled every word not caring about the attention they got.

"Stop," he said. Paul was getting closer. She ignored him, the anger inside her growing to a fever pitch.

"Fucking ... lazy ... bastard!" She yelled each word while throwing a stone.

With her back to Paul as she leaned down to pick up another rock, she didn't see him coming. He hauled her up against the nearest building. Her hands locked over her head.

"Let go of me." She tried to move. His strength shocked and scared her.

"No."She struggled some more with no chance of moving. When she settled down, she saw him gazing at her with lust. Her stomach turned at the danger she could be in. Fear gripped her.

"Don't," he said. He stroked her hair. The action would have soothed her if it was Stephen. Paul made her feel sick. "I won't hurt you."

"You did once. Why should I trust you?"

"Because organising the men to put that woman in the hospital was the last straw. I never knew it was a woman. I knew he wanted several men ready to attack a house. I didn't know what they were going to do."

Ursula knew he wasn't lying. She frowned as pieces of the story were clearly missing. "Why won't you let me go to him?" she asked.

"Stephen knew you'd come for him. You really do love him, don't you?" he asked.

She hesitated a moment then found it useless to hide her feelings. "I've been in love with him since the moment I met him."

Paul nodded. "I knew there was something different about you. You grew distant and hated me touching you."

"No offense, Paul, but I haven't got time to go down memory lane. Stephen is in there, and he's in danger."

"Stephen told me to keep you out here."

"What?"

"I phoned him to meet me at a hotel bar. He came, and we talked. I signed up for easy money. I didn't sign up to put a woman in hospital."

The sound of police sirens filled the air between them. Violet got out of the car. A gunshot sounded inside. The other woman ran toward the door.

Ursula screamed. Everything happened in slow motion as the doors opened. Paul got off her and ran towards the door. She tried to follow them, but a cop held her by the waist keeping her back.

"Let me go. I need to get in there. Stephen!" She yelled his name all the time fighting against the strength of the man who held her.

No one came out. The police went in.

An ambulance pulled up.

Chapter Nineteen

Stephen savoured the moment the police escorted Eugene out of the warehouse. His life was in tatters. The club wasn't going to be investigated as Dane and the tape he'd recorded were more than enough to send Eugene down. All that remained was the media attention on his club. Until that died down the members were scarce. He stared at the few friends he had. They would stand by him through this crisis. He hoped his father would be proud of the decision he made.

Paul came out of the building after James. Stephen rounded a car, and there she was being restrained by a police officer. The moment she saw him she ran to him. He caught her close, holding her as she wept against his chest. The other man stood in front of him, a look of shock on his face. "I'm pleased you listened to me," Paul said.

"I didn't have a choice. You offered me a way to get rid of Eugene Black." Stephen soothed the woman in his arms. Nothing could have been better in his life. The police escorted Paul away for questioning. Cadeon nodded his head after talking to the police. Violet was in his arms. James, Sean, and Lucas stood by him as the police asked them questions. They all answered. He never let Ursula go. She was the love of his life.

"We'll be in touch," the officer said.

"I'm going to the hospital," Sean said. Lucas nodded following behind him. James remained at his side.

"Well, that has been an enjoyable few months. Remind me to never hang out with you guys. I prefer my subs over this f**king mess." James slapped Stephen on the back before leaving.

"Can we go home?" Ursula asked.

"Yes." They walked home. Their cars were blocked in by the police cars. They were making arrests and causing no end of disturbances.

When they walked far enough away from the noise Ursula began asking questions. "What happened in there?"

"We knew Eugene wasn't going to let us live. We know too much. Lucas had a wire that put a line straight to the police. They could hear every word. I got Eugene to talk about everything."

"What was everything?" she asked.

"Lloyd Black was broke. He'd made some risky investments, and that had ruined him. He'd have lost everything his family had spent generations acquiring. Anyway, from what his son told us, Lloyd went out one night and came home with Dominic Green in tow. Dominic is the guy who was in charge of the prostitution, drugs, and crime in the United Kingdom. He was over here to do business in a club downtown. According to Eugene, they made a deal. Lloyd would be responsible for the drugs and prostitution over here and get a cut of the profit," Stephen said.

"I don't understand why the club was involved or how you became involved," she said.

"Violet is the daughter of one of Dominic's deceased workers. Violet's mother died keeping her daughter a secret. Dominic discovered it, but Violet had already fled to the States. He came looking for her, but Cadeon was in love. No one was taking his woman from him. Cadeon is part of my club, and he's my friend. That's how we became involved. Lloyd had a score to settle with the clubs because of what happened when we found out he was abusing his wife. Rebecca was used to keep Dominic and some of the other men happy. They abused her, and the club found out. Lloyd was removed and is in prison for almost killing his wife. Eugene carried on his father's work. With Dominic dead Eugene no longer had an income. He wanted to make an example of us because someone will be taking Dominic's place. There is more to this, but those are the basics. Petty revenge and greed."

"What about the gunshot?" she asked.

"Eugene pulled a gun on me. Sean and Lucas were able to restrain him. He got a bullet off, but he was a shit shot. It didn't touch me."

Talking with each other, they walked as the sun rose. "Mom is going to be clawing the walls when she watches the news."

"I think Malcolm will keep her calm. He knows a lot more about this kind of stuff than you give him credit for," Stephen said.

The press had dispersed outside his house by the time they walked home. He carried her inside and took her upstairs to the bedroom.

He left her for a few moments to unplug all the phones. Privacy was essential for what he had planned.

When he walked back upstairs she was undressed and in the bath water. She crooked her finger at him. He tore the clothes from his body and joined her in the water. She still wore the pendant and engagement ring.

He lifted her into his lap as they settled back together. "Will it always be like this with you?" she asked.

"No. I don't think I'd have the strength to go through something like that every night."

"When I heard the shot I thought you were dead. I was so scared."

"No one is taking me away from you," Stephen said. He cupped her face kissing her deeply. His c**k stirred as she squirmed on his lap.

"I never want to lose you."

"I'm not going anywhere. I love you too damn much."

She settled her head against his chest as he stroked her hair. They were together, and that was all that mattered. The future could wait. He held her in his arms. The beast inside him was relaxed. The woman he loved was safe.

Stephen thought about Isabella and Rebecca. There were going to be problems with them. He would be there for all of his friends when they needed them. The chaos had only just begun. No matter what happened, Ursula was with him, and that was all that mattered.

She was his obsession and would remain so.

The End

