Chapter One

Daniel Brennan ran through the forest inhaling all the delicious scents and listening to all the sounds that surrounded him during a run. He needed to clear his head before he headed toward his BDSM club. Some of his pack was following him, being the loyal guards they craved to be, while others were at the club. None of his pack lived with him. He'd never been one of those Alphas who demanded the pack's presence at all times. They were free to roam within his area, and the only rule he demanded they all follow was that the secret of the wolf be kept at all times. Obviously, if one of the men or women were to find their mate, he wouldn't mind that secret being divulged. Serious shit happened between mated couples, and secrets were easily kept.

He rounded the forest and took off at a run with the others following behind him. Being the Alpha of the pack made him faster and stronger than anyone else. Daniel loved the power even though he never used it against any member. He'd never been into cruelty or demeaning others. They were his pack, and he loved them like he would his children. Daniel had heard of other packs where cruelty occurred, but he'd yet to meet any of them.

Once he ran off the burst of energy, he stood looking over his property. His family came from old money, and so his house was large, big enough to contain a pack.

"Okay, you're fast, we get that," Jake said, taking several deep breaths. "Shit, did you have to prove to us how great and powerful you are?"

Chuckling, Daniel glanced at his friend, who also happened to be one of the guards who assigned himself to taking care of him. "You're the one, along with Dave and Bill, who sticks around to protect me. I don't need protecting, Jake."

"We all know this, and none of us care what you say. We're going to stick beside you no matter what."

Daniel rolled his eyes. He wasn't being a pain in the ass and truly believed he didn't need help protecting himself. In all the years he'd been alpha he'd not once had any conflict with any outsiders. Any pack that entered his territory presented themselves and requested permission to stay within his area for a few days or weeks. Not once had he encountered a rogue wolf or someone of any threat. They were all peaceful, and he worked with them to ease life for his pack. He heard of other Alphas who did nothing but fight, argue, and cause problems trying to overtake other territories.

"Are you going to see her?" Jake asked.

The smile on Daniel's face disappeared. The her being his very stubborn, pain in the ass mate who didn't acknowledge him as a mate or anything other than a Master.

"I'm going to see her. I've got no choice." He gritted his teeth, fisting his hands as the anger and longing combined together. Daniel couldn't have the woman he wanted as she held herself away from him.

"You're going to Kinkster's then?"

He nodded. Kinkster's was the local BDSM club that he helped to run. They catered to the wolves with a taste for the rougher, kinkier side of sex. Some of the members were human as mates were not restricted to their own kind. Daniel didn't mind. He wasn't against mates in whatever form they came in. The world, at times, was extremely cruel. For a wolf to find their one true mate was a gift that few enjoyed. Some men stopped looking for their mates and settled down with the next best thing. The only problem with settling down for the next best thing was when they finally stumbled upon the woman destined to be theirs.

"I've got no choice. She'll be there, and I know my wolf will not allow me to lose her because I hate what's going on between us." There was nothing going on. Dawn Weldon had entered his life one year ago and taken to screwing with his head. She didn't know how she screwed with him, but she was stubborn.

Dawn wasn't part of his pack, but, however, she'd approached him for permission to be allowed inside Kinkster's. She was a submissive inside, craving whatever his men could dish out, whether it be from a hand or a cane. The moment she entered his house he'd scented the need to mate, to claim, to possess. Those feelings only intensified while she'd been in his company dressed in a simple black pencil skirt and white blouse. The conservative clothes didn't repel him. He scented the darker cravings within her. The submissive wolf begged for some help, his help to tame the fire within. Not one word left her lips as they'd stared at each other, assessing, waiting.

He sensed her wolf, could see it as if she changed in front of him. The dark black wolf with hints of brown needed a strong hand, a firm hand. For the first time in his life, he'd sensed what true submission was all about, and Dawn had it all locked up in her dark skinned body. Her hazel eyes shot fire at him while her curvy body begged for him to take her and f**k her. Dawn was all woman with large tits, full rounded hips, and a curving stomach. To him, she would take a f**king without any fear of hurting her. Her legs were thick and strong as well. Her body was pure perfection, and always had him hard as rock. Even as her wolf wanted to lie down in submission, the woman in front of him put up a fight. Dawn and her wolf were together as one, but she was determined not to put her future in the hands of a person she didn't trust. For as much as she was submissive, she wasn't stupid either. Daniel respected her.

His mate didn't crave any kind of submission at the hands of a cruel man. She wanted to be submissive for the right man who'd take care of her and treat her right, not like some animal.

The scars inside her ran deep, and yet, she boxed them away as if there was not a care in the world. She wouldn't acknowledge his claiming. They'd never f**ked, and he'd not met her pack alpha.

Her one and only request was that her presence remain a secret. She didn't want him to approach her pack alpha, and as her mate and Dom, he couldn't do what she asked him not to. With every day that passed he tried to prove to her over and over again that she could trust him.

She allowed him to touch her, but only in punishment never in intimacy.

Their relationship was pitiful, but it's what he needed. His wolf calmed a little when he was with her and now refused to lose that just because of her being difficult.

"You could find someone else, Daniel. You don't have to put up with this crap." Jake placed a hand on his shoulder.

"I've got no choice. She's my other half. My only reason for going to Kinkster's now." From the moment Dawn entered his life, she'd destroyed him for any other woman. He used to take pleasure in training submissives and sharing a unique lifestyle with other women. Now, he depended on Dawn. She didn't have the first clue of the power she held over him. He saw it in her eyes when they were together. She didn't trust her responses or her senses. Had her senses let her down in the past? He didn't know. There was so much he didn't know about his woman. She was a mystery he wanted to solve.

"The rest of the pack, do they share your thoughts?" Daniel asked.

"They're concerned for their Alpha, their leader. You've got to understand their worries."

"I've got to understand nothing, Jake. I care for my pack, and no decision I make is easy." He ran a hand down his face feeling the desire to find his mate. His wolf wished to bask in her scent and to see her submission at his feet.

"We know you'll take care when you make this decision. We're just concerned about you. Your wolf has run every day for the last month. Nothing you do seems to lock him up tight. Dawn keeping you at arms'-length is driving your wolf hard. One year, Daniel, one year you've been going through this. Something needs to stop."

He turned to look at Jake. Dave and Bill were standing a good distance away, but he saw the tension in their bodies.

"You're worried I'm going to let my beast take over?" Daniel asked.

"Worse things have happened in the past."

Some women who deny their mates could sometimes set about the feral beast within. When the feral instinct hit, everyone was in danger.

"I'm not going to let it get that far. I've got a handle on everything. Dawn needs guidance and care. I'm not going to rush her just because my wolf demands more." If he rushed Dawn all the work they'd put in together on their relationship would be over. As much as he'd love to spread her open and f**k her from sunrise to sunset, he knew he craved more.

"We trust you," Jake said.

The look Dave and Bill sent him told him another story. They trusted him, but with Dawn they were starting to doubt his leadership.

It was time to put Dawn in the picture of what she was doing to him.

****

Twirling the straw in her glass, Dawn watched the liquid swirl around. She'd been sitting at the bar for the last hour. The sounds of feminine and masculine moans filled the air. Kinkster's wasn't like many BDSM clubs. The bar didn't sell liquor but cups of tea, coffee, espresso, or in her case, sodas. She loved drinking soda. The taste was so refreshing, reminding her a lot of her youth when life was easy, simple. Life had stopped being simple at her transition when her life had changed forever. Dawn held a secret that she couldn't tell anyone, not even her own father. She was wolf, through and through, and only her need to be controlled set her apart from others within her pack. Spinning around in her seat, she looked at the people before her. Some of the people were human mates while many of them were wolves. Her pack was in the territory three towns over, and she came to Kinkster's as none of them did. None of her pack ever believed in BDSM. She'd heard what they said when this club opened.

Running fingers through her hair, she watched a woman who was bent over a spanking bench get her ass tanned. Her tender white flesh blushed a nice rouge as the man, her Dom, went at her for some misdemeanor. The scene left Dawn's cunt creaming. Her skin was dark, and it took a lot for her ass to show any hint of red. She knew as she'd been told before. Finding a man to become her Master or Dom had put her in some bad situations. The men within her pack didn't believe in taking a hand or cane to woman, let alone punishing her. She wished she could say as much for one woman in the pack. Dawn closed her eyes as memories flooded her at what she'd done to herself. She'd gone out amongst the humans to find what she craved. Her fear and need had disguised the natural scent of the people around her.

The first man she allowed herself to be free with had tied her up for two days and whipped her body leaving blood trailing down to the floor. He'd been a sadist of the worst kind. While he'd been in his high of thinking he was hurting her, he let slip that he'd killed a woman because she couldn't handle his kind of punishment.

Her wolf hadn't liked that and had come out of her haze to kill him. She had turned her hands into claws and torn him apart. For a long time she'd stared at the mess she created of the man then took care of the evidence. He was scum, and no one missed him. After her first disaster in BDSM, she'd decided to leave it alone. Wanting pain, needing pain, and craving pain had to be pushed aside. The pain she craved that no matter what anyone did to her, she couldn't feel. She couldn't allow herself to become vulnerable to anyone. Wolves were not submissive and did not enjoy that bite of pain to get them off, nor did they hunt for someone to hurt them in the hope of feeling it. She didn't know why she was different from the others in her pack, but out of fear she didn't ask anyone what they experienced.

The couples she saw in the pack were always sweet together. Her first time had been awful, and the guy she'd shared it with had held her down as he rode her body hard. The only thing she recalled liking was being held down and the fact she couldn't feel anything as he bit her during his release. From that point her need to find pain had only grown. Her wolf knew what she wanted, and so did Dawn.

"I'm sorry, Master."

Dawn followed the sound to see a man embracing his submissive. He wore a pair of jeans, and that was all. His arms were around his woman, and he stroked her hair. "Next time you'll take care, won't you?" he asked.

Her curiosity got the better of her, and she found herself watching the couple. She didn't know their names or their relationship to each other. The scent coming off them told her they were both wolves.

"Tara didn't take any precautions while she was out shopping and walked in front of an oncoming bus. If Dale hadn't been close by, she'd have lost their unborn baby, and could have been killed. We can withstand a lot, but a head on collision with a bus is pushing it a bit," Daniel said, sitting beside her.

Fisting her hands on her knees, she tried to fight the need to look at him.

You're mates. Stop fighting it.

According to Daniel they were mates, but she didn't trust the feelings going through her body. She'd been in such awful predicaments that she didn't have the first clue what to believe anymore. Her wolf craved his harsh punishment as did she, yet they were both cautious, their past mistakes and cravings making them wary.

He stared at her. All his male perfection taunted her with what she could have and held herself away from. Was he here to mock her?

He'd never do that to you. Stop treating him like the others.

She forced herself to look at him and then wished she hadn't. Daniel wasn't wearing a shirt like most of the men in the club. However, when Daniel was semi-naked, she couldn't focus on anything but his revealed flesh. His usually pale skin was tanned from the hours he spent in the sun. The same skin was covered in different kinds of ink. None of the ink was colored or elaborate. The designs were in black ink, pretty simple, yet they stood out on his body, which was strong, thick, and muscular. He made her mouth water when she simply looked at him. She quickly glanced down at her skirt, wishing she'd put something more on. When Daniel stood beside her, he made her feel small, delicate. Her size sixteen curves next to him felt like nothing. He pulsed with energy and power. The Alpha wolf inside him exuded everything she wanted in a man and a leader.

Don't trust.

Her wolf's inner warnings made her tense up.

"Look at me, Dawn."

He spoke harshly. Her body awakened once again, and she looked at him. His black hair hung over his face brushing the tops of his eyes. Daniel didn't have a lot of hair, but he had enough of it that she was left wanting to run her fingers through it. His brown gaze was focused entirely on her. She shivered at the power, the slight hint of amber as his wolf came to the surface.

Mate.

"Thank you for telling me," she said. "Are they your wolves?"

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"Nothing. I was just curious about the couple." She offered a smile even though smiling was the last thing she wanted to do.

"You're lying to me again."

She bit her lip, glancing down at her hands.

Dawn released a gasp, and he picked her up off the stool she sat on and took her seat. In quick moves he had her sitting on his lap. The evidence of his erection pressed against her ass, mocking her.

This is what you could have but never will because you're a coward.

His hand settled on her leg. Daniel didn't push the boundaries she set. He was the perfect gentleman and Master.

"Tate and Dale have been coming to Kinkster's for five years. They're a truly happy mated couple."

"She's happy being a submissive?"

"They like to play, Dawn. Mated or not, they know what they like."

Dawn licked her lips as her ni**les beaded at the sound of his voice. The heat of his body surrounded her, filling her with hope for something more. Her pu**y was on fire for his touch. It had been a year since she last experienced an orgasm, maybe a little longer. Her last partner left when he couldn't give her what she wanted. He told her she needed to find someone willing to put up with her crap. She was always on the hunt to feel pain, a lot of it, and she liked being held down. Some men didn't like being in charge completely. That's all she wanted, a man to be in complete control and to give her pain. During her early years, she would have given anything to stop feeling pain. Now, she wanted the pain to know she was alive, that something wasn't missing.

Look what happened all the times we've let them.

She closed her eyes as all of her failed attempts played through her like a broken record. At the ripe age of twenty-nine, she'd killed one man and been hurt by six more in a relationship. Being told you were a sick, disgusting, or plain weird, hurt just as much as punch. Dawn didn't like being punched at least, or she didn't used to. Now, she didn't feel it. She liked being spanked, punished in the most delicious of ways as the touch was better than nothing.

"You can't go anywhere," Daniel said, capturing her chin and turning her to face him. The grip on her face was hard, and he didn't let go. "What did I tell you when you came here?"

"That I'm with you and I can't go anywhere else."

"That's right, pet. You came to me because you needed strong discipline and a harsh hand. You're trying to fight me, and I'm tired of it." He placed her on her feet and stood.

"What are you doing?"

Daniel shot her a glare.

"Sir? What are you doing, Sir?"

"We're going to deal with your punishment. Inside Kinkster's you're my submissive unless you say your safe word." He took hold of her hand leading her away from witnesses. Even as her heart raced in fear of what was to come, she couldn't help the hit of arousal. Seeing him in the zone of a Dom turned her on.

Chapter Two

Daniel passed several members of his pack who gave him a quick nod. He greeted them but kept moving as he did. Dawn kept by his side with her head bowed. She wasn't acting the part of the submissive; she was simply following him. He noticed through watching her that she kept her head down whenever she moved from place to place. Dawn rarely looked up to see the world around her. Her life hadn't been easy. He'd seen the evidence in her eyes as well as in her actions. She'd been hurt in the past.

He wanted to know all of her secrets and what she was hiding from him. Mates didn't hide the truth from each other. She responded to him the way a mate did, yet he felt her wolf tense around him. For a woman and her wolf to be unsure, he knew whatever happened had scarred both of them. It was up to him to draw her out.

Opening the final door at the end of the corridor, Daniel released her hand, turned the light on, and locked the door. He turned to face her to assess her reactions. This was his private room. The only time he used this room was for the woman he intended to keep. Only a couple of women had even come close to getting inside here until this woman requested permission to join the club.

"Where are we?" she asked.

She stayed away from the bed, keeping it to her back as she rounded to look at him.

"This is my personal, private room. From now on, you come to this club, we'll be here." He folded his arms, waiting for her.

"No, we need to be in view of others."

"In front of others you hold yourself back. Outside you're not yourself, and you're always afraid of someone noticing you. I've seen the way you are. You want to watch what happens within the club to make sure the men and women are treating their submissives right, but when it comes to you, you want the freedom of being away from it all."

"No, you're wrong."

"Then remove your clothes and we'll go out and do a scene right now. I'll punish you for your lack of acknowledgement of authority, and then I'll bring you off for all to see the beauty of your orgasm."

She withdrew from him. Her body tightened, and she started to look around the room. For a chance to escape? The wolf inside her started to bang against her inner cage.

The protective instinct inside him rose to full force. Her reactions were setting the Dom and the protector off all at once.

"On your knees and present to me." He deepened his voice, and Dawn went to her knees, spreading her legs wide as she bowed her head, presenting her body in the submissive pose he loved so much. "Your wolf can rest. I wouldn't let you out there for others to see this gorgeous body." He reached out to finger a strand of her hair. She had beautiful hair, long and dark brown. He watched the strands as he stroked them through his fingers. "Things are going to change between us, Dawn."

She looked up at him. Tears glistened in her eyes as she stared back at him, and her lips trembled.

"For the last year I've watched you dance around me like you were in control. I'm the Dom, your Master, and I'm also your mate." He pressed a finger to her lips as she went to dispute him. "No more arguing. You've kept me at bay, and I've followed your rules. Shit happened to you, I get it, but you're not going to deal with it anymore. You're going to let me inside here." He pressed the finger from her mouth to her head. "I'm not backing down or going away. We're in this together." He waited for several minutes to pass. "You may speak."

"This is not what we agreed. When I saw you, you promised I could take my time getting used to you and that I could end this when I want."

"I agreed to those terms before I realized how damaged you'd become from this lifestyle. You've got problems, Dawn. I can help you through them, but you've got to trust me."

"How can I trust you when you're doing this?" She waved her hand between them.

Did she have any idea how beautiful she looked on her knees before him? He doubted it. Dawn didn't have the first clue of the power she held over him.

"I didn't go to your father when I realized you weren't going to accept our mating." Any father, especially an Alpha, would have loved for their daughter to mate with a fellow alpha. Daniel had had every intention of going to her father. She'd begged him not to then threatened to deny his claim. If she denied his claim the risk of going feral increased. He backed off and decided to prove to her that she could trust him.

"I gave you an ultimatum. That's not trust."

He cupped her face, running his finger along her lip. She didn't tense up or jerk away, which was an improvement. When they were first together she fought him at every turn and pulled away from any kind of intimacy.

"I've given you more in the last year than you've ever gotten elsewhere. I see the look in your eyes, Dawn. You don't allow me to bring you to orgasm, yet the pleasure is there in your eyes, the way you let me hold you. There's much you can accuse me of, but caring and seeing to your needs is not one of them." He withdrew his hand. "You've been through a lot of crap. I want to know what it is."

"No, I'm not telling you anything."

"You feel your wolf right now? How she's pacing along the walls of your mind, curious yet holding herself back?"

"How did you-"

"She wants to trust me, to trust this instinct inside her. You've put yourself in danger, and we're not going anywhere else until you tell me what." He stared at her knowing he needed to win this battle. "Tonight, you're coming home with me. We're going to get to the bottom of your problems. No one lies at my house. We'll be totally alone, and we can explore your issues."

"No, I'm not going anywhere with you."

"It's simple, Dawn, you'll come with me back home or I'll be escorting you home, telling your father, and withdrawing your membership here. No one will touch you, and your father will either cast you out or demand something of you."

"You can't do this. I'll reject you. I'll stop this."

"The whole of your club will know your secret. You keep it a secret here with me and it will die with me, but you'll come home with me. I've kept this secret for a year. I've put up with your shit, and it ends now." This was a radical move on his part. She could walk out that door and be safe for the rest of her life. Daniel knew there was something else wrong inside her. Dawn was terrified of her own instincts, which told him she'd put herself at risk in more ways than one.

"This isn't fair."

"Life's not fair. I will never harm you, Dawn. I'm your mate. I'll take care of you, and I promise you everything that happens will be what you want."

She looked at a point past his shoulder. Her lips opened then closed. He imagined her mind working on overdrive to get out of his suggestion. "I don't want you telling my father anything. He doesn't need to know where I spend my time."

"Fine," he said, hurt that she was embarrassed by the way she spent her time.

Her nails sank into the flesh of her thighs, he imagined causing a bite of pain. He didn't like what she was doing. Going to his knees he took hold of her hands to stop her from causing herself more pain. She gasped at his touch, and he didn't look away from her eyes. "What's it going to be, Dawn? This can't go on."

"We're mated?"

"Yes."

She broke their gaze by looking at his hand holding her. "What do you need me to do?"

"I need you to trust me."

"I'm not normal."

"I've never said I wanted normal, pet. We're going to get through this."

He squeezed her hand in an attempt to reassure her. She let out a breath.

"Okay, I'll come with you."

Daniel wished there was more enthusiasm in her voice, but he'd take what she gave him right now. Mating was different for everyone. There were couples who were able to fight the impulse to mate, but that was usually down to the fact one of them were already in a relationship with someone else. In their case, his and Dawn's, she'd been hurt in the past, and she didn't trust the natural instinct to mate. When they did finally mate, there would be no way to deny each other. Once Dawn accepted him and he f**ked and bit her, she'd be his, and their connection would be complete. He would understand everything that went on inside her head. If it wasn't for Jake, he wouldn't have known Dawn was the daughter of an alpha. His friend found out everything. It was one of the reasons it made him a good guard to have. Nothing ever got past him.

****

What are you doing?

Dawn stared at his hand where he held her palm inside his. Her dark flesh stood out in contrast to his pale skin, but their different skin colors didn't bother her. No, what struck her was the way he held her. He was strong, powerful, and yet he held her as if she was delicate. She was anything but delicate. He didn't hurt her, simply held her steady.

What was he trying to do?

"Look at me, Dawn."

She lifted her gaze to his, confused by what was happening inside her. On the one hand she wanted to continue sinking her fingers into her flesh to try to cause pain, and yet, she wanted what Daniel gave her. Would he even understand what was happening to her?

"You've been disobedient to me today. Before we go to my house you're going to get punished and then you're going to call your father."

When she went to speak, he pressed a finger to her lips to stop her. "No, you don't get to speak right now. I won't be leaving you alone. You're going to take the call while I'm here to listen to what you've got to say. I'll not have an angry father thinking I've stolen his daughter."

She hadn't even thought of starting a conflict between Daniel and her father. Dawn was many things, but a starter of fights wasn't one of them. The thought of having one or two men fighting over her turned her stomach.

"I wouldn't do that," she said.

Dawn would accept any punishment Daniel felt he needed to dish out. She'd been pushing him for the last year, and he had a right to punish her.

You like his punishments.

She didn't care what he used-hand, cane, whip, or paddle, she loved it all. Daniel was inventive with the restrictions she'd given him.

"You wouldn't? Some women would do anything to create a war between two territories."

"I'm not interested in starting anything, Master." She bowed her head, showing her submissive side.

Side? You've not got a side. This is who you are.

The wolf inside her growled at the words she thought. Her wolf didn't like to be insulted even though Dawn had a tendency to do so.

"Good. I believe you, Dawn. Now, do you believe me when I say you can trust me? I'll never hurt you, and I'll take care of you during your time with me."

What should she say?

The truth?

Lies?

Half-truths?

She settled on the truth. Lies rarely got her what she wanted. "I trust that you won't hurt me, but I don't believe we're mates. I-I-I can't trust myself to make that decision right now."

"I'm not asking you to make any decision, Dawn. Well spend some time together, and in time you'll see that I'm telling the truth."

She bit her lip and nodded. "Yes, I trust you."

Out of all of the men she knew, Daniel was always in control. He never lost his temper or used his anger against his pack. She wasn't stupid, and she'd heard his pack talk about him. None of them said anything bad. If anything, they talked about how amazing he was as an alpha, one of the best they'd ever known.

"I want you to get on the bed on your stomach and spread your arms and legs out." She hesitated for a second and then decided to do as he said. Daniel didn't push her boundaries, and he hadn't seen her na**d in the year he'd been her Master.

You've not given him a chance to be a true Master to you. You fight him at every turn.

Her wolf raised her head in agreement.

She was the one in control of her body, not her wolf.

Climbing onto the bed she did as he instructed. Seconds later she felt the silk bonds wrap around her wrists followed by her ankles. Daniel took his time to secure her wrists. Her legs were spread as much as the skirt allowed. She licked her lips, wishing she could give him that other part of herself.

"You're utterly beautiful, Dawn."

He touched her ankle and withdrew his hand when his touch became too much for her. She didn't know how he knew when to release her.

"Thank you, Sir," she said.

"I didn't give you permission to speak." He slapped her ass causing her to yelp. She'd learned to make the right noises even if she didn't feel any pain. "You'll only speak when spoken to."

She kept her lips shut. Her pu**y was burning, the lips of her sex drenched from the shock of his spank. His palm was large, covering as much of her ass as he could. What would it be like to give in and let him touch her? The very thought shook her a little. She'd never been curious about a more intimate touch in her life.

The tips of his fingers skimmed up her calf, leaving her again as he moved around the room. She'd never been on a bed in his company before.

It's okay. He won't take it too far.

"You're scared of intimacy, Dawn. I want to know why, but tonight you're going to remain quiet while I talk. Do I need to use anything to keep you quiet?" he asked.

She shook her head in response.

"Good. I trust you to follow my instructions, as otherwise you'll be in trouble."

Dawn listened as he moved away from the bed, giving her more space. She turned her head, and out of the corner of her eye she watched him enter a closet. He turned on a light, but she couldn't make anything out. Was that where he kept his toys?

"You like to test me, Dawn. Your very presence teases me, and I know you enjoy it." He hummed, taking toys out of his closet. She heard the light turn off and the door close. "While you're with me, I'm going to strip down all of those walls you've kept between us. We're mates. I know you don't believe me, but we are. My wolf wants to mate you, claim you. I'm keeping him at bay until we've sorted through this problem. For your stay we're going to set down some ground rules." He placed something on the bed. The bonds stopped her from moving to look.

Gritting her teeth, she scrunched her eyes closed to stop herself from asking him what it was.

"Some of my rules you're not going to like, but you're going to do it because I will follow through with my threat, Dawn. Right, you can speak when I ask you a question, understood?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good. Now, you may count as well."

Whack!

His palm landed on her ass.

"One," she said, loving the feel of his hand on her ass even if she couldn't feel the bite of pain his touch should have created.

Whack!

"Two."

She expected his hand to land on her rump again. It never did. He'd stopped touching her. Opening her eyes, she gasped to see him staring at her.

"Am I hurting you?"

"No."

"You like pain?"

Dawn opened her mouth to dispute him then stopped. Don't lie to him. He always knows when I lie.

"Yes." Was it really a lie? He could probably maim her and she wouldn't feel it.

"How much pain?"

She licked her lips, wondering what to say to him. There was a point inside her when she started to hate what was happening, and it left her feeling sick. The men she was with never gave her what she needed, and she never found what she was looking for.

"Dawn!"

He spoke her name in a warning.

"I like a lot of pain." She let out a breath as the semblance of a truth spilled from her lips. After all, she went hunting for pain but never found it.

"Are you speaking the truth?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Do you know how much pain you like?"

She shook her head.

"I asked you a direct question."

"Some of the pain has drawn blood." She felt her cheeks heating. Would he be able to see her embarrassment?

"I can smell your embarrassment, pet. Why are you embarrassed?"

"It's wrong to draw blood. Something's wrong with me. None of the people in my father's pack need what I need. I'm not normal." None of them are searching for pain in the hope of finally feeling it. No one knew what she'd done by killing that man. Did she do the right thing in taking his life? She didn't know. He had hurt other people, but did he deserve to die at her hand, or claw?

There were no easy answers for her. What would Daniel think of her when he found out the truth? Would he be repulsed and wish he'd never given her a chance? She was a defective mate.

He pushed some of her hair out of the way, leaning in close. "Did I ever say I was looking for someone normal? You're perfect the way you are."

Daniel moved away from her. "You're going to be getting na**d when you're with me, and I don't expect to hear any complaints from you. We'll both be naked, and we're going to explore this between us."

She didn't want him to see her naked.

Dawn cried out as he slapped her ass with a cane. If only she could feel the pain.

"Three." She screamed the word. He struck hard with the cane, or at least, she imagined it was hard. No pain blossomed on her bottom, but her cl*t swelled because of his presence. Daniel never failed to arouse her.

Chapter Three

Daniel struck her twice more with the cane surprised that she kept up with the counting. She was such a good sub. He wouldn't trade her in for anyone.

She likes pain to the point of bleeding.

In some transitions from human to wolf, the line between pleasure and pain got switched. He heard of some men and women who could take so much pain they could be on the verge of death and it wouldn't affect them emotionally. The workings of a wolf body surprised him. Dawn wasn't strange or different from many of them. She was afraid, untutored, and alone. Her wolf was torn in two between wanting him and being afraid. He wasn't an idiot. Dawn had done something to cause this problem.

Putting the cane down on the floor, he stared at her body hating the sight of the clothes. He'd give anything to have her spread out and naked, her dark flesh revealed for him to touch, caress, or punish.

Wait, have patience. She'll be ours.

His wolf passed along the walls of his mind. They wanted to claim the female in front of him. He picked up the paddle. This one had holes inside, and he brought it down on her ass. He made sure to strike hard enough for pain but not enough to bruise.

It was almost impossible to use a paddle without bruising, but he didn't give her everything.

She cried out, screaming the numbers he wanted to hear. The scent of her arousal filled the room, and his wolf howled inside his mind. They wanted to slide between her thighs and lick her creamy cunt. She'd be dripping wet by the time he got his mouth around her clit, swallowing down her juice. The smell of her pu**y alone was driving him crazy. His c**k thickened, imagining what it would feel like to her wrapped around his length.

Don't push.

Once he was done with the paddle, he decided not to use the whip. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he touched her back. The shirt she wore was soaked in sweat.

"When you see me enter a room, I want you to present to me. This will be the case inside my house. If we ever have company, you do not need to present to me. The only exception to this rule is when we're outside. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand," she said.

Daniel pushed some of her hair that had fallen over her face out of the way. Her beautiful brown eyes stared back at him. She didn't smile, but then, Dawn rarely smiled. Before their time was over, he wanted to get that smile on her face.

"We're going to talk about your past and your future. My house is open and surrounded by land for us to run freely. If you think to run from me then I'll tell your father the truth."

"This is blackmail," she said.

He slapped her ass. "I hadn't finished speaking." Daniel glared at her before continuing with what he was talking about. "As I was saying, if you run from me then I'll tell your father. You do anything to ruin this and I'll make sure to ruin you as well. It's blackmail, but try living for a year with knowing your mate is being a stubborn woman."

Her gaze left him, and he gripped her chin to force her to look at him.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"Good." Daniel got to his feet and removed the silk tying her to the bed. He'd love to keep her bound, but it wasn't what he had to do.

Once she was released and sitting up, he noticed she didn't rub at her wrists or ankles like other women did. "Call your father."

He pointed to the phone at the side of the bed.

"If I use that phone he'll know where the call is coming from. I may as well tell him where I am."

"It's a personal and private line, Dawn. Untraceable. He can try to find you, but unless you give a location, he won't." He folded his arms over his chest and watched her type in her father's number.

"Hey, Dad, it's me, Dawn."

"What's the matter, honey? Do you need a ride or something?" her father asked. Daniel was able to listen to the conversation. Wolves had brilliant hearing.

"No, no. I just wanted to let you know I wouldn't be back home for a couple of days. I'm going to stay with a couple of girlfriends and have some fun." She looked up at him.

Daniel waited.

"Honey, are you sure you're okay? You don't sound fine."

"I'm sure. I'm fine. Nothing is wrong with me. I'm calling so you don't worry and send out a search party." She forced a laugh. Daniel watched her knowing in his heart he needed to fix what had gone wrong during her transition.

"Okay, honey. I'll see you when you get back. Keep in touch."

"I will."

They said their goodbyes, and she put the phone back in the cradle.

"Do you feel pain?" he asked. He didn't know why, but his gut was telling him something wasn't right. Every other sub would be wincing at the spanking he'd given her, yet Dawn didn't respond or show any sign of being aware of it.

She looked up at him. "Yes, I feel pain. My dad doesn't have a true mate of his own. He settled down for the strongest female in the pack. She's my mother."

"You've never mentioned your mother."

"She's not the kind of person I like to talk about." She dropped her gaze again, and he sensed the hate inside her.

"Why?"

She blew out a breath before running her fingers through her hair. "I don't know. I just don't."

"You don't mention her, and you didn't ask about her. Why?"

"My mom, she's not the greatest example of a mother."

Daniel waited for her to continue. "You're not going to say anymore?" he asked when she showed no signs of saying anything more.

"No. My mom is not a topic we need to discuss."

The fact she didn't want to discuss her mother meant it was a more important topic to talk about. Daniel stayed silent, filing the information away 'til later.

"Okay, right, grab your bag. We're going to head to my place," he said.

"Now?"

"Yes." He took her hand in his, and he walked toward the bar. She didn't fight him as he placed her on the stool. "Stay here. I'll be back to collect you shortly."

Leaving her alone, he went into the far security office where he found Jake staring at the screens.

"I need you to spread the word that until further notice my house is off limits to the pack. Tell them if they need me they're to call me and I'll deal with whatever problems they have."

"Why can't we come to the house?" Jake asked.

"I'm taking Dawn with me."

"You've finally got her to admit you're mates?"

Daniel shook his head. "Will you do this for me?"

"Consider it done. I'll put the word out immediately." Jake took out his cell phone and started to type. "Are you sure about this?"

He stopped to look at his friend. "She's my other half, Jake. I'm sure, and I'm going to fix whatever has been broken inside her." He looked at the security cameras. "Please keep this place in order." He nodded at the men then left the room.

Walking back to the bar he watched Dawn sipping from a straw. She always ordered a soda, a clear cream soda. Her eyes were closed as she enjoyed the taste of her drink.

Running a hand down his face, he wondered if he was doing the right thing in taking her back home with him.

Ours.

Dawn was his mate, the other half of him, and he'd be damned if he let her get away. He touched her shoulder as he approached. She jerked at his touch yet didn't pull away.

"Finish your drink and then we're going."

"Can I ask you a question?" Her brown eyes were wide as she stared at him.

"Yes," he said, taking a seat.

"Why now? Why wait a year to put me in this position?"

He smiled. "I've finally had enough of our games. You're holding back from me, and that I don't like. I've played it your way and gotten f**k all out of it. It's time to play it my way, and I'm going to do that now."

She finished her drink leaving a tiny amount of soda in the bottom.

"Why haven't you finished your drink?" he asked.

"I have."

Daniel pointed at the remnants she left in the glass. "If I drink that it'll make a noise with the straw, and if I pull out the straw, it'll make a mess on the side."

He stood taking her hand. There was more to that explanation. His gut was telling him he wouldn't like what she had to say.

****

Daniel's house was old and huge. He stopped outside a large iron gate and typed in a code that opened those imposing gates. She looked behind her to see the gates close up after him. They shut closed, trapping her inside the grounds with Daniel. There were worse people to be locked up with.

Mother's one of them.

She shut off her thoughts and turned to face the front. He drove down a really long driveway that was surrounded by large, thick trees.

"The house has been in the family for generations."

"Were you all wolves?" she asked, glancing toward him.

"Yes. Some of my ancestors married humans and moved away and others stayed close."

"Where are your parents now?" she asked.

"They're enjoying a much needed vacation. They're exploring Europe, visiting with some packs they've not had the pleasure of seeing in years." He tapped the steering wheel as he talked.

"How did you take over as alpha?"

He smiled. "My dad told me it was time to take the spot. He was getting old, and he said a true alpha knows when to step aside and bring in a new one. I was the next in line, and so I stepped up to the role."

"What about the other men in your pack? Weren't they annoyed to be passed over by you?"

"Some of the men challenged me in battle. I won, but I always refused to do battle to the death. I don't want anyone's blood on my hands."

She tensed at his words.

I've got blood on my hands.

Staring out of the window she gasped as his house came into sight. It was so huge she doubted she'd have to see him for days at a time. They could play hide and seek and still miss each other.

"This is your house?" she asked, amazed.

"Yeah. The pack can come and go as they please. Don't worry, they know not to come here until further notice."

She climbed out of the car once he brought it to a stop.

"You're amazed? Did you think I lived somewhere small?" he asked, coming to stand beside her.

"I was thinking a cabin somewhere out in the sticks. I didn't even imagine this."

"Does it make my mating claim more appealing?" he asked.

She turned to look at him. "I'm not a gold digger, and neither do I hope to make a claim on anything."

"I didn't say you did. Sometimes, female wolves like to see that they can be taken care of. Does your wolf like what she sees?" He stood right behind her with his palm lightly resting on her back.

Dawn paused as she listened to her wolf.

"No, we don't think you're a better catch or anything. We're worried what you owning this big house means."

"Why would it mean anything?"

"You'd be surprised how dangerous large houses and big men are." She stared up at the house feeling ... happy, safe? Dawn didn't know which emotion to trust or to savor. Daniel wouldn't hurt her. He'd been her Dom for a year and he never left her scared, nervous but never scared.

"I'm going to know all of those secrets you're hiding," he said.

"They're not secrets." They're just memories of a time I'd like to forget.

He leaned in close. She felt his breath across her cheek. Her body tightened with the heat of him. Inside her wolf started to growl, wanting to get a little closer to his body. What would it be like to strip na**d and turn? To run with him in the wild of the forest without anyone to hear her thoughts? She'd stopped running in the forests back at home as the connection of the pack allowed them to access her thoughts if she was close enough. They would all be repulsed by her if they knew the truth. She didn't hold any doubt that they'd cast her out as if she didn't exist in her parents' world.

"There are always secrets in this world, pet." He dropped a kiss to her cheek, and for the first time she was charmed by his touch. No one ever took the time to touch her, hold her, reassure her.

All thoughts of her mother were cut off.

"I don't have any changes of clothes," she said, turning to look at him.

"You don't need any clothes. We're alone, and that's the way it's going to stay." He took her hand leading her up the multiple steps to get to the main door. She watched him pull out a set of keys and start to unlock the large door.

"Don't you have any other alphas trying to take over your territory?" she asked.

"No. I treat all packs with the respect they deserve, and I demand they treat me as such."

Her father didn't allow any other pack to walk through his territory. If another wolf from another pack walked on his land, he'd give the wolf a beating. She had grown tired of watching men and women beg. For a woman, her mother delivered the beating as her father didn't believe in hurting a woman. Her mother never had a problem with causing pain.

"They come to me for permission to enter my lands, and I grant it to them. I don't cause fights that are unnecessary. My pack likes to live in the open without fear of being approached by others. I make sure they're all taken care of." Daniel switched on a light as she entered his home.

The door closed, and the sound echoed throughout the old house as if it was a sign of approaching doom.

We're trapped!

There was no getting out of this house until Daniel was satisfied. Would it be so hard to agree to his claim of being her mate? She truly didn't know what to think about his claim. Dawn was torn in two between wanting his claim more than her next breath and then scared of accepting his claim.

Once he knew the truth, would he really want her? No man truly wanted a murderer for a mate.

She cut the thoughts off, staring at Daniel as he turned back to her. He slid the bolts into place locking them inside the dominating house.

"For tonight, we're not going to do anything. We're going to enjoy some good food and drink, and then we'll go to bed."

"Where will I sleep?" she asked.

"Where I tell you to." He walked down the long entrance hall, taking a left. She hurried her steps to keep up with him. Considering the age of the house, the scents were sweet, charming.

Whoever lived here they were happy. The house smelled of happiness, of peace. It was such a strange scent to have around the house. She rushed toward him, following him through three more rooms before they made it to the kitchen.

"The house has multiple rooms for the pack. They do visit, and when they do I like for them to make themselves at home. Unfortunately with wolves, they fight. I've got four television rooms so there's no fight over the remote or what they watch." She chuckled, imagining an argument turning heated in the sight of a remote. Ravaging wolves, attacking each other just because they didn't want to watch a television program. "You can laugh all you want. It's happened."

He entered a large kitchen. She stopped to admire the room, which was set in an old country style fit with a porcelain sink. The island in the center was large, yet it would fit many people sitting around helping.

"Again, the kitchen is large enough for the whole pack."

"How do you keep this place cleaned?" she asked.

"I've got a wolf who's a little obsessive when it comes to cleaning. She makes sure everything is clean when she comes to visit. Also, I make the pack clean up after themselves. I won't have shit lying around because they're too f**king lazy to do their shit." He moved toward the fully stocked fridge. She smelled the freshness in the vegetables and the meat inside. Had he planned for her to be spending time with him?

No, he's got a pack who also needs to eat.

"Do you cook?" she asked.

"Yeah, I cook, and I occasionally clean. I also do the washing." He turned to offer her a smile.

"Are we in a scene right now?" she asked, unsure about the proper protocol she needed to give him.

"Would you feel safer being in a scene?" he asked.

She shook her head. "No."

"Then we're not in a scene. We're just two people, Daniel and Dawn for tonight."

Relief swamped her. She could handle simply being a woman sharing a meal with Daniel.

Mate.

He bent over to grab something out of the fridge, and she checked out his ass. It was tight and firm.

"You're checking out my ass," he said, smiling as he turned to face her.

"Am not."

"Don't worry, Dawn, I won't put you over my knee."

She saw he was teasing her and couldn't help but smile. "I like the thought of going over your knee."

He laughed, throwing his head back.

Yes, she could handle being alone with him for a few days.

Chapter Four

Daniel started to cut the chicken, and with each inhale he smelled Dawn sitting at the island. She smelled like sweet citrus, addictive and something he wanted to smell over and over again. He washed his hands before walking toward the pantry. Daniel grabbed the spices and noodles he needed to finish off dinner.

"Do you want a drink?" he asked, spreading his ingredients out over the side.

"Sure."

He passed her over a soda from the fridge. She took the can from his hands. Their fingers touched, and he didn't want to let her go. Drawing his attention away from her, he started to cook.

"Would you like some help? I love to cook," she said, standing beside him.

"You love to cook?"

"Yes, and bake but my h*ps protest a little to that." She rested a hand on her hip.

Staring down the length of her body, Daniel couldn't find a single reason to complain about the woman in front of him. She was sex on legs, and he wouldn't change her for the world.

"You're perfect, and don't let anyone else tell you otherwise." He reached out to touch her cheek. Cupping her jaw, he ran a thumb over her plump lips. "You're beautiful, and I don't give a f**k what others think. You're perfect." He leaned in close, brushing his lips against hers.

She gasped but didn't move away. He looked into her wide gaze as he teased her lips with his tongue.

Neither of them said a word as he slowly slid inside her mouth, meeting her tongue with his. Wrapping his other hand around her waist, he pulled her close to his body, moaning at the feel of her curves next to his. She was perfection in his arms. He never wanted to let her go.

She met his tongue with her own. The danced together, deepening the kiss, Daniel smelled the mating heat coming out of him. He wanted inside her with her pu**y blooming beneath him.

He withdrew from her before the mating need took over and he wouldn't be able to control his actions.

"Why did you stop?" she asked. Her hands were on his shoulders, gripping him.

"If we don't stop I won't be able to stop what happens next. I need to claim you, Dawn. You're my mate even if you don't like the truth or believe it. There's only so much I can take before I do something I'll regret."

She released his shoulders. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. I want to prove to you that we're mated. I'm not going to do anything to destroy that trust." His c**k protested against the front of his jeans. Fuck, he craved her. All he wanted to do was bend her over the kitchen island and f**k her raw. She was aroused by him, which gave him some pleasure. "Start marinating the meat."

Dawn grabbed the strips of chicken and added them to a bowl while he started to add the spices to the mix. They laughed as he got most of the spices on her hands rather than the meat. He listened to her laugh, loving the change within her. In Kinkster's she was always a little withdrawn. Inside his home, she was starting to open up and flourish. If he gave her enough time would she agree to his claiming? There was only so much his wolf could take.

"Right, Chef, I'm rubbing the chicken. What do you need to do?" she asked.

Her eyes glinted with humor. Charmed, he pressed a kiss to her nose then turned back to the stove. He put a pot onto boil adding noodles for their chicken. They started to boil, and he gave them a stir.

Dawn washed her hands, coming to stand beside him while he heated oil. Together, they worked as a team to make food. She added food while he tossed it around with a spoon.

Neither of them spoke, but his gaze caught the sight of her hard, erect ni**les. Again, his c**k started to pound at the sight. The vision of her na**d on his bed wouldn't leave his mind.

Trust, this is about building trust.

For the next ten minutes they cooked dinner, and the scents of the spicy chicken filled the air. His stomach rumbled with the need to feed.

Sitting next to each other they ate in comfortable silence.

"This is amazing," she said, twirling some noodles onto her fork. "You know how to cook."

"You wouldn't have thought that from my first attempt at spicy chicken noodles. I vomited for three days afterwards."

She chuckled, covering her mouth as she did. "You're joking. I don't believe you."

"I didn't cook the chicken properly. I tell you, it was the worst couple of days for me."

"Okay, I can believe that." They cleaned away their mess, and he put the spices away. When they were done, he led her out of the kitchen and moved toward the stairs.

"I'll give you the grand tour tomorrow. For now I think it'll be good if you get a good night's sleep." He took hold of her hand, gritting his teeth as his wolf started to pace within his mind. His wolf knew what he wanted, and that was Dawn.

She followed him upstairs, and he decided to stay on the first floor rather than go up to the main bedroom on the fifth floor. The attic space was large, and he kept a lot of his ancestors' belongings up there. He opened the door at the end of the long corridor that was next to his.

"This is where you'll be staying." He turned the light on revealing the large four poster bed with white lace hanging from each post. "Here is the wardrobe." He opened the walk-in space, showing the light switch to turn it on. There were a couple of sets of shirts and jeans. He had a tendency to buy clothes for his pack when needed. Daniel showed her the bathroom then opened the double doors onto the small veranda overlooking the garden. "In the morning you can watch the sunrise, and it's a truly beautiful sight." He closed the doors, locking them and pulling the drapes over the windows. "This is where I'll be sleeping." He opened the connecting door and turned the lights on.

"How come you don't have any of those clapping light things? My dad installed them in our house," Dawn said. "It makes it much easier as you just clap your hands." She showed him by clapping her hands.

"I did get them installed, but my pack are, erm, very active with sex. The lights kept turning on with their smacking bodies as they f**ked. They asked for me to switch back to this." He flicked the switch letting the lights go off then on.

She laughed. "I can see why you changed."

"If you need me in the night don't hesitate to come to me. I'll be happy to see you." He closed the distance between them. Dawn tilted her head back, and he gazed down into the beauty of her brown eyes. "Tomorrow we'll talk about you and discover what your pain level is."

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"We'll start with a run. The moon is a couple of weeks away, but going for a run can be just as fun." He dropped a kiss to her lips. "Good night, Dawn."

She took a step back, closing the door behind her.

Our mate is in the next room. Claim her, f**k her, take her.

He ignored the wolf inside him, taking a deep breath to calm his body. He wasn't going to be going anywhere to put his woman in danger.

Leaving the scent of her lurking behind the door, he walked into his bathroom, closing the door. He grabbed a match and took it to the lavender candle he kept on hand for whenever he needed to bring focus to his thoughts and senses. The lavender helped to calm the wolf within him.

The beast inside him calmed, finally listening to reason as he took deep breaths.

She needs to trust us.

He didn't want a mate who was with him out of an obligation. The mate he wanted for himself was not going to be there because she had to. He wanted Dawn to fall in love with him, to be with him because they were a devoted mated couple.

The fact she liked to be dominated eased his thoughts. One of his biggest fears was to find a woman who didn't share his need for kink. She was not only submissive, but she liked pain. What Dawn didn't know was he liked to give pain so long as it wasn't the kind that emotionally or mentally affected the woman he was with.

Take a breath, and delve into it tomorrow.

****

Sliding under the covers, Dawn stared up at the ceiling. She frowned as she saw the mirror above her. Kinky. Underneath the silk covers she wasn't wearing a stitch of clothing. Gripping the edge of the blanket, she stared at herself wondering what the hell she was doing. When she was at home with the rest of the pack her room was half the size of the one she was staying in. She hadn't moved out of her house as the pack wouldn't accept that of her until she found her mate. Her father didn't trust her out on her own, and so she remained with him and her mother.

She shuddered thinking about her mother.

Don't think about her.

Pushing her mother aside, she focused instead on the man in the bedroom next to hers. He wasn't going to let her hide from him. The pack was easier to hide from back at home. Her father was the only one in the whole pack who demanded her presence at dinner or during a run. She rarely changed into a wolf even though he asked for her to be there. Her father loved her; her mother despised her. And Daniel? She didn't know what Daniel felt about her. There were times throughout the year where she thought he was going to cross the line and take what he wanted. He never did, and her trust in him began to build.

He's our mate.

Was it worth arguing with him anymore? She couldn't trust herself to be around him. Her search for pain had put her in scary situations. Other men she'd been with had considered her a freak. There was no way she could bear for Daniel to know the truth. She was defective. It sucked that she wanted Daniel and yet was scared because of what she had done in her past. What would he think when he knew the truth?

Staring at her reflection she once again pushed all of the negative thoughts aside, wishing for some kind of change within her. Finding a mate should have awakened something inside, yet all she felt was a consuming dread. With a mate, she'd have to finally come clean about who she was. Daniel was a Master, but he wasn't the kind of Master she needed. He spanked. He was tame compared to what she needed. Part of her wondered if the reason she couldn't feel pain was because the men she'd been with wouldn't hurt her hard enough. The image of the man who'd left her bleeding entered her mind. No, it couldn't be that. She should have felt something.

You're sick.

She pushed the blanket off her body and stared at her nakedness. Would he be repulsed by the way she looked? Food had always been part of her comfort when her emotions got so bad. She loved eating, cooking and eating. Her legs were thick with a small hint of cellulite, but she rarely wore anything but skirts and never revealed her skin to anyone. She kept her pu**y bare, and the brown lips of her sex glistened with arousal. Daniel's scent was everywhere in the room driving her crazy with need.

With thick hips, large br**sts, and the occasional glimmer of a stretch mark, in the mirror her body didn't look that bad. She was lying down, so maybe gravity was taking over to make her look good. Her brown hair was spread out on the white pillow.

Mates.

She didn't know if she could be this open with Daniel. He wouldn't let her hide.

The house is large enough. We can hide.

Pressing a hand to her face, she tried to calm down her rioting thoughts, wishing something would happen to save her.

The memory of his hand spanking her ass filled her mind. Opening her eyes, she spread her legs and tilted her h*ps to see the lips of her pu**y open up. She went to her knees and dropped the drapes to create a little more privacy for herself. Settling on the bed, she watched as she caressed her hand down her body. She touched her ni**les, tugging on the hard brown buds until they were erect and pushing up.

She glided her hand down her stomach, feeling the muscles in her stomach tighten at the contact.

Dawn pressed a finger to her clit, touching the swollen bud as she pinched her ni**les. She squeezed her nipple between her nails hoping to feel at least some pain and getting none. Gasping, she moved her h*ps with her hand.

What would Daniel do if he saw her now? She didn't know what he'd do, and that excited her as much as anything else.

Leaving her cl*t she pushed two fingers inside her, opening her fingers to make it a little tighter. She sucked her lips in to contain the moan threatening to get out.

"Do you think I can't smell you," Daniel said.

She gasped, withdrawing her hand and loosening the hold on her nipple. Going to her knees, she shuffled to the edge of the bed and opened the lace. Daniel stood in the doorway between their rooms.

"I can smell and hear what you're doing. I didn't give you permission to play with yourself."

He stood completely naked. His c**k was rock hard and stood out in front of him. The size of him made her mouth go dry. There was no way he'd fit inside a woman and it be comfortable.

"I'm sorry."

"No, you're not. If you wanted to touch yourself then you should have come to me for permission to do so."

"I didn't know we were in a scene."

Daniel sighed. "We're not in a scene, Dawn. You need some strict rules in your life. You keep everything at arms'-length, hiding behind your walls of frost and depression." He folded his arms, staring at her. "This can't wait until morning. We're going to have this discussion now." He stood facing her, making no move to put some clothes on.

"Can you please get dressed?" It would give her time to grab a robe and not be completely na**d in front of him.

"So you can hide from me? I don't think so." He stayed where he was. "We're going to see each other naked. I don't see why it shouldn't be now."

"That's easy for you to say. You're like a god while I'm blubber."

He glared at her. "Step off the bed now!"

His voice deepened. Dawn stared at him wondering if she could simply go back to bed and sleep without him ordering her around.

"Don't disobey me, Dawn. I was willing to wait until tomorrow, and all you've done is test me. I don't like being tested." He stayed still even as his voice travelled throughout the room. The Alpha inside him raised the hairs all over her body. Her cl*t swelled at the command within his voice. Slowly, keeping the lace in front of her, she stepped off the bed.

"Drop the lace. You're not hiding from me." He walked toward the door and flicked the light, illuminating the whole room. There was no hiding anymore. He made sure of that.

"This is unfair."

"Unfair is having a mate for a whole year denying you. Unfair is that mate fingering herself instead of coming to her Dom. Don't even begin to tell me what's unfair or not. You'll not like what I've got to say." He folded his arms once again.

His gaze was on hers, waiting.

"I can't do this."

"Yes, you can. If you don't I promise you there'll be a severe punishment, one you won't like."

What wouldn't she like? She'd pushed Daniel the entire year they'd known each other. He had every right to be mad and punish her. How far would he go to consider her punished?

The uncertainty was too much for her. She gripped the lace tightly, before slowly stepping from behind the security of the lace.

She kept her head bowed and pressed her palms together in an attempt to control her shaking. Letting a man see her na**d took a lot of effort for her. She was used to pushing her skirt up and having the man suck her ni**les through the shirt. Her entire sexual life was appalling. The only man who'd seen her na**d were dead. She'd let him hurt her in the worst kind of ways.

"Look at me, Dawn."

Glancing up at him, she didn't know what she expected to find. Would he lose his erection? Show any signs that he hated what he saw?

Again she was in a strange territory for her.

His c**k remained rock hard. He'd not deflated or grown flaccid since seeing her naked.

"What did you expect to see?" he asked. He didn't make a move to touch his cock.

"What do you mean?"

"Don't play dumb. I'm not stupid. I see in your eyes that you were expecting something from me. What?"

The desire to lie struck her again.

Don't lie to him. He'll know.

"I didn't expect you to be hard."

"Why wouldn't I be hard?"

She stared at the tip of his cock. He was glistening, aroused.

"Look at me," she said, releasing her hands so not an inch of her was covered. "I'm not beautiful. I eat too much, and you're perfect. You should be a model or something."

His arms remained folded over his chest. Neither of them said a word. He kept looking at her. There was something in his gaze that she couldn't quite put her finger on. "Get on your knees," he said. The words were spoken slowly, with menace, leaving no mistake of his anger.

Shit, what had she done?

Chapter Five

Daniel was pissed off with her lack of self-esteem. Didn't she know how beautiful she was?

"What?" she asked.

"Get on your knees. Don't make me repeat myself. We're going to deal with this the only way you know how." He watched her struggle with his demand. There was no way he intended to help her. The moment he scented her arousal he thought he was losing his mind. When he heard her moans, he'd gotten angry. She wouldn't let him touch her intimately, and yet she'd do whatever she could to satisfy herself. How many times had she left him in an aroused state while she took care of her own needs? He hadn't been with another woman since she entered his world.

"Daniel?"

"No. To you I'm not Daniel. You'll call me Sir or Master, I don't care which. I was going to do this slowly for you to trust me, but we're going to start now. You're my sub. In the mornings you will wake up at seven, go to the bathroom, and you'll be waiting for me by seven thirty beside your bed. I expect you on your knees, ready to serve me." He took a step closer. Dawn was on her knees, her head bent in the perfect pose.

There was something about a submissive woman in that pose that turned him on. His c**k was aching on the point of pain. The scent of her arousal filled the air. His wolf wanted to do nothing more than stake his claim. Daniel made sure he stayed in complete control.

"You'll eat breakfast with me. We'll train together, and you're going to become my sub. For the next month I'm going to prove to you that you're my mate." He gripped her chin as she started to shake her head. Forcing her to look at him, he stared into her eyes. "You're my mate, Dawn. In time you'll see the truth. We're going to get to the bottom of those secrets you've kept hidden."

"You don't know what you're doing."

"Baby, I've been a Dom for over ten years. I've got more experience with stubborn little subs than you do with Doms. You're nothing but a baby compared to me, and I'm going to prove it to you over and over again." She stopped fighting him. Her teeth bit down onto her lip. "Stop that." He pulled her lip from between her teeth. "You think you know what true pain is, but you've got no idea what's really wrong with you. Don't worry. I can deal with you."

He reached down, grabbing her arm and drawing her up toward his body.

She fought him, and he continued to hold her. Her arousal intensified. Not once did she scream for him to stop or tell him no.

Pressing her to the bed, he grabbed her hands pressing them above the bed, holding both of her hands in one of his. With his free hand he glided his hand down her body.

"You could have come to me and I'd know exactly what to do to bring you off."

She laughed, the sound harsh and bitter. "You'd be the first man."

He smiled. "No other man has ever brought you to orgasm. Baby, you're in for a treat. Giving women orgasms is a skill I learned early." Leaning down, he sucked her tight brown nipple into his mouth. He didn't give her time to grow accustomed to his touch, biting down on the hard bud.

Dawn cried out, arching up against his hold. Her strength was no match for his. Holding her hands down to the bed, he pressed a palm to her stomach keeping her in place as he tortured the bud nearest him.

Still, she didn't beg him to stop or ask him to go easy on her. She screamed her pleasure. Clearly, the pain brought more arousal from her. The musky scent filled the air, making his mouth water and his c**k pulse with the need to be inside her. He wouldn't be f**king her tonight. No, he'd take care of his woman's needs before he even dealt with his own. Daniel wouldn't be dealing with his own arousal until he was behind closed doors.

Flicking her nipple, he glanced up her body to see her eyes squeezed shut. Withdrawing from the bud he blew on it. Her nipple tightened, and she gasped. He leaned over her body and did the exact same to the other. Once again she fought him, her lips remaining closed other than to gasp or scream. He drew the nipple tight, biting down to the point where he was close to breaking skin.

Wolves had a higher pain threshold, and they could withstand a lot more pain than most humans. Dawn was showing him something had changed within during her first transition into a wolf. Even wolves who liked pain would be protesting a little.

There was nothing coming from Dawn. He liked to give pain and punish his woman, but drawing blood was not what he hoped to do.

Daniel needed to know what happened to her during her transition.

"Please," she said, begging him.

"Don't beg me, pet. You had a chance to beg. Now, you're all mine, and you get what I give you." He changed his attention between both of her br**sts, biting and sucking the hard buds into his mouth.

He straddled her waist to get closer to her. She arched up against him. Throughout it all, her arousal only increased, telling him more about her. The wolf inside her was humming in approval. She liked him and wanted the mating.

When they turned, he'd be able to hear her thoughts and know some of her secrets. He wondered what he'd have to do to get her to agree to change with him.

Moving off her body, he ran his fingers down her body to rest at her na**d pu**y. The lips of her sex were soaking wet from her arousal. Sliding his finger through her wet slit, he pinched her cl*t causing more pain.

Slowly, he moved down to press inside her cunt. The walls of her pu**y gripped his digits, begging for him to stay within her. Pumping his fingers in and out of her, he sucked on her ni**les.

She writhed underneath him, thrusting her pelvis up to his touch.

He took his time to torture her, drawing out the pleasure.

Dawn was so close to orgasm. He removed his hand from her pu**y and licked his fingers.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm tasting my mate." He licked her cream loving the taste like he knew he would. "Just like I thought, you taste perfect."

She moaned. "Please, Sir, touch me."

"Are you close to coming?"

"Yes."

"We'll see how close you are. Keep your hands above your head. If you move them I'll punish you." He'd make sure she was bound in sleep so that she couldn't touch her pu**y. There were more ways to punish a little pain sub without putting her over the knee and spanking her. Like he said, he had more experience with stubborn little subs than she ever would with Doms.

He released her hands and kept his gaze on her. "Test me, Dawn, and you'll regret it."

"I won't, Sir."

"Good." Sliding to the floor, he cupped her tits, feeling the rounded tips fill his palms. They were so big that he couldn't hold them within his hands. He pinched both ni**les together. Dawn's legs slid open revealing her creamy cunt to his gaze.

Closing the distance between them, he sucked her cl*t into his mouth.

She screamed, jerking on the bed. Her hands didn't touch him.

He pinched her ni**les a little tighter, rubbing the nubs afterward as he sucked, bit, and flicked her clit.

Her cum was soaking his chin, and he drank it up.

"Put your legs over my shoulders," he said, waiting for her to do as he ordered. Her legs opened a little wider.

Pressing his tongue into her cunt, he glided his tongue up to circle her clit. He used his nails to pinch her ni**les at the same time he bit her clit. The pain along with the pleasure must have set her off as she screamed out her release, filling his mouth with her cum.

He moaned, drinking her down, loving the taste. She rubbed her pu**y all over his face.

When he was finished, he climbed up the bed smiling down at her. Daniel didn't wipe the juices from his chin.

"Get in bed and remember my rules tomorrow."

"What about you?" she asked.

He slapped her ass as she started to shuffle into bed. "I'll deal with myself. Stubborn little subs don't get to touch my cock." He walked toward the open connecting door. Before closing it, he turned back to look at Dawn. "Remember, Dawn, I was the first man to bring you to orgasm. I can do that every night without effort. Your pu**y is so f**king tasty."

Closing the door behind him, he walked toward the bathroom. Staring at his reflection he saw the color change of his eyes. His wolf was close to the surface. Climbing into the shower, he turned the freezing cold water on waiting for the temperature to take care of his problem.

The water cascaded over his body doing little to relieve the ache her body had caused. Wrapping his fingers around his cock, he growled. The taste of her pu**y had been exquisite. She'd be a delight to have by his side to love, to claim, to f**k.

Ours.

Not only was he going to claim Dawn, he intended to own her. Closing his eyes, he pictured her creamy brown cunt, begging for his cock. She'd look so f**king good taking his dick into her body.

He was big compared to her. Daniel would need to take his time to get her ready to take his cock. She needed to be wet enough, slick, and he'd need to go slow.

She likes pain.

Maybe he wouldn't need to go too slow. He could work with Dawn. First, he needed to strip down those walls she'd built up around her heart and her emotions. To a lot of people, Dawn was cut off, emotionless, depressed. He knew it wasn't the case. There was no way a woman with that much passion locked up inside could be filled with nothing. He was going to bring her out, learn every part of her, and then show her how she could be herself around him. There was no shame in submitting to her mate or to embrace a life of a submissive.

Working from the root down to the tip, Daniel f**ked his fist, moaning as the pleasure built inside him.

His seed spurted out coating the floor of the cold shower. He watched it wash away. The orgasm was nothing like what he wanted to feel, but once he was inside Dawn, he just knew it was going to be explosive.

****

Dawn woke up to the alarm beside her bed ringing. She frowned, reaching out to press on the button to turn the blasted machine off. Staring at the time she let out a groan. It was seven o'clock. Who in their right mind would set the alarm for seven? The unfairness of it wasn't even funny.

Suddenly, the memory of last night rushed over her. Sitting up in bed, she glanced around the room. The lace curtains were shut apart from the ones at the base of the bed showing the door connecting her room to Daniel's. Her heart raced as her pu**y flooded with warmth from what he had done to her last night. Glancing down at her ni**les she saw they were slightly bruised. Her skin was dark, yet she saw the off purple of the bruise. Licking her lips, she climbed out of the bed and padded toward the doors. Sliding the curtain open she gasped at the view of the garden. There was a waterfall display at the forefront, which opened up into the most beautiful forest.

He warned us to be ready by seven thirty.

She checked the time and released a squeal. Ten minutes had already gone. Dawn ran for the bathroom quickly doing her business on the toilet before flushing the toilet then washing her hands. Once she finished washing her hands, she found a toothbrush, brushing her teeth. She ran her fingers through her hair, hoping to put some order to the strands. Nothing was working.

With quick movements, she ran into the bedroom taking her place by the bed as the door opened connecting their bedrooms. Next time she'd set the alarm earlier so she had more time in the bathroom. She was naked, exposed, and hadn't the time to make sure she looked more appealing in the mirror. At least there wouldn't be any sleep in the corners of her eyes.

"I see you remembered what I demanded of you last night," Daniel said, stepping in front of her. He was wearing steel toe capped boots and a pair of jeans. She forced herself to keep looking at the floor even though she wanted to look at him. Why was he dressed when she wasn't allowed? "You've pleased me by not using any of the clothes in the wardrobe. I wanted you naked, but I realized I hadn't specified it. This pleases me."

She wished she'd thought about the wardrobe but then she liked the idea of pleasing him a little more.

"You may look at me."

Lifting her head she saw he wore a crisp white shirt. Disappointment filled her. She rather liked him without a shirt.

"Good morning, pet." He cupped her cheek, running a finger over her lips. "Seeing you like this pleases me." He released her face and moved past her to the drawer beside the bed. She stayed perfectly still as he got what he wanted. Seconds later he sat down on the bed. "I'm going to brush your hair for you."

He ran the brush through her hair, taking his time. When he got to knots, she was surprised how gentle he was in working them out. Her curiosity increased about him.

"You've got questions?" he asked.

"How did you know, Sir?"

"You're fidgeting. I've noticed over the year you fidget when you're curious, but otherwise you sit still like a good little sub. Ask your questions. I'm ready to listen." He continued to brush her hair. She loved the attention. Her mother hadn't been the kind of woman to spend the time brushing hair.

"Where did you learn to brush hair, Sir?" she asked. He'd given her permission to speak, but she remembered to use his title. Dawn wanted to please him further.

"I've dealt with a lot of subs. I've found many of them like this kind of attention, and it's a skill I learned to acquire. You're my mate, Dawn. I'll do whatever necessary to make you comfortable."

"I'm very comfortable," she said, smiling. "I love your touch."

"Has anyone ever taken the time to brush your hair?"

"No." She stared in front of her, resting her hands on top of her thighs.

"Get used to this. I look forward to giving you daily brushes."

She chuckled. "Sir, about last night?"

"What about it?"

"I want to apologize for my behavior."

"Are you sorry you got caught or sorry that you touched yourself without my permission?"

"Both." She'd heard him reaching orgasm last night in his shower. For the first time in her life she'd been ashamed when it came to a man. Daniel had taken care of her needs, giving her a release unlike any she'd ever felt, and he'd taken care of his own himself.

"What are you thinking?" He whispered the words against her ear causing her to jump. "I want you to know I'll be asking that question a lot. I expect you to answer me all the time. I want to know what you're thinking, feeling, and how you're dealing with our relationship. I expect total honesty."

She licked her dry lips. Honesty?

Out of all he requested, total honesty scared her more than anything.

"Dawn?"

"I was thinking how much I hated not giving you pleasure last night. I've kept us at a distance for so long." Tears filled her eyes as she thought about the emptiness of the past year. The only time she felt anything was when she was around Daniel. When she'd first heard about Kinkster's, she'd intended to go every now and then. Once she met Daniel, discovered he was her Dom, she made sure to frequent the club weekly. Her weekly visits increased to several times a week. She'd been able to hold herself back to four days a week rather than the whole seven. "I heard you in the shower. I wanted to come and pleasure you like you had me."

He paused in brushing her hair.

"I'm sorry, and I'm sorry about this last year, Sir."

Daniel brushed a kiss to her cheek. "I was thinking of you." He finished brushing her hair and stood. "It's time for breakfast. Come on, baby." He held his hand out for her to take.

Getting to her feet she followed him. She wanted to cover her body from the potential prying eyes, yet as she made her way into the kitchen, she noticed no one was around. They were alone. She was safe from anyone else looking at her. Daniel had promised her no one else would be home, and this just gave her another reason to trust him.

He took a small towel and placed it on one of the chairs. "Take a seat."

She sat on the chair. Her cheeks heated, and she wondered if he saw the embarrassment. If he did, he didn't say anything. Resting her palms on her knees she looked toward him. He was gathering stuff out of the fridge. The coffee pot was already working, filling the room with the delicious aroma.

"How do you know we're mates?" she asked, blurting the words out. Pressing a hand to her mouth, she apologized.

Daniel smiled at her. "Your scent, and my wolf is driving me crazy telling me to claim you. He knows what he wants today, tomorrow, the future. He's got it all mapped out." He chuckled.

She watched him slice into a peach and start to segment the fruit. He was making toast as well. The fresh smells made her stomach grumble. At home, she got her own breakfast, which usually consisted of cereal. Her mother wouldn't be caught dead in a kitchen. She wondered if her father knew all of their meals were prepared by a lower pack female? Dawn doubted it. Her mother wouldn't let anyone get the chance to spill the truth. She probably threatened a beating.

Minutes passed as he finished breakfast. "Doesn't your wolf recognize me?" he asked, taking a seat at the head of the table. She was beside him but away from the table. If she was to lean her arms on the table she'd look out of place.

"Yes and no. It's complicated." She tucked some hair behind her ear. The chair he sat on scraped back as he stood to his feet. The sudden movement had her tensing. He grabbed some kind of band and stood behind her. Daniel worked her hair into a ponytail. "I love your hair, but I don't want it to get in my way. I love watching your face." He took a seat again, confusing her.

He offered her a slice of peach. Staring at the fruit then at him, she frowned.

"You'll feed from my hands," he said.

Leaning forward she sucked the fruit from his fingers trying not to touch his skin. Daniel laughed. "I wash my hands. You're not going to get any diseases." For several minutes he fed her different slices of fruit, sipping his coffee and reading the paper. The only attention he paid her was with the fruit he offered up.

Was she invisible?

Gripping the edge of her seat, she took more fruit. When the bowl was empty he buttered some toast and tore the bread apart. Again, she had to take the food from his fingers. Slowly, the anger started to ebb away to be replaced with comfort. She liked taking food from his offered hands. He was feeding her, caring for her.

When the food was all gone, Daniel taking plenty of food for himself, he poured them both a coffee. He folded up the newspaper throwing it away from him.

"Here is your coffee. This is too hot, and I don't want to risk burning you." He handed her the cup. She took it and swallowed some down.

He kept watching her.

Should she say something?

"Thank you, Sir."

"Dawn?"

"Yes, Sir?"

"Did you feel how hot the coffee was?" he asked.

His face was a blank mask. She didn't know why he was asking such questions. Staring into the coffee cup, she frowned. Steam was rising from the cup. She'd always been able to drink hot liquid. Being a wolf she was able to heal a lot faster than humans.

"Erm, no. It tasted fine, why? Is there something wrong, Sir?" she asked.

"No, nothing is wrong." He gave her a quick smile before getting to his feet. With his back to her she stuck her finger into the hot liquid. There was no pain. The wolf inside her was growling at her. When she withdrew her finger she saw the scald, and yet she'd not felt anything.

You've not felt anything in a long time. This is what you've been hunting for, the ability to feel pain.

Her wolf was pacing, clearly distressed. She placed her hand on her lap watching her skin begin to heal.

"Have you ever been in a fight?" Daniel asked, washing the dishes.

"Not really. I've seen fights but never been in one."

He wiped his hands on the towel and turned to face her. "Why did you dip your finger into the cup?" he asked.

She gasped. "How did you know?" she asked.

"The scent of burning flesh, Dawn. You tested the liquid with your finger. It's not completely burnt, yet you had a scald that has now disappeared. Tell me why you didn't call or scream."

"I'm a wolf. My pain is different from others'."

"Wolves scream at burns, broken bones, even the pain from the way I bit you last night."

She swallowed around the lump in her throat.

"I don't know why," she said, rubbing her hands down her thighs. "I really don't know why, Sir."

Staring down at her finger, she was curious as to why she didn't call out. Her lack of attention had brought her secret to his attention.

It's because you crave pain that you can't feel. You're sick, twisted, and need to feel pain.

Tears filled Dawn's eyes as she looked up at Daniel. "Do I repulse you?"

Chapter Six

Going to his knees before her, Daniel stared into her eyes seeing the fear shining within her depths. How long had she been hiding this inability to feel pain? Congenital Analgesia was very rare in wolves, but Daniel had heard of certain cases where wolves were tormented or physically abused during their transition. Around a wolf's eighteenth birthday they went through the transition that rewired their brain to connect to their wolves. The problem with this condition was in wolves it was harder to treat. He stared down at her finger seeing it had already healed.

Wolves hid it away, and he understood why as he'd also heard of packs using wolves with Congenital Analgesia to fight to the death. They didn't need to stop even with broken bones as they didn't feel it. Cupping Dawn's head, he tilted her head back and slammed his lips down on hers. There was so much going on in that head of hers that he didn't have the first clue where to start. For the last year she'd been hiding this from him. Had she been hunting pain in the hope of finding it? He should have seen it. Whenever he spanked her, she'd made all the right noises, but it was lies.

Sliding his tongue along her lips, he plundered her mouth tasting her.

His wolf pounced wanting out, to mark his woman and to prove to her they didn't hate her. They were in love with her.

Down.

No, we have to claim her. She's hurting. We need to prove to her it doesn't matter. She needs us.

Not now.

Dawn needed them to be stable around her. He withdrew, dropping a kiss on her nose. "Baby, I'm never repulsed by you. I'm curious about what's happened in your life."

"Surely you can't feel too much of a burn."

He licked his lips, wondering what to say. "No, Dawn. I can't stick my finger into steaming coffee without it hurting. Last night, I bit down on your ni**les pretty hard. Did you feel it?" he asked.

"It was nice. My br**sts are sensitive."

Daniel moved his hands down to cup her br**sts. He saw the outline of the bruises. On her dark skin it was harder to see the bruises, but they were there. He ran a thumb over the tips, and she gasped.

"Sensitive, Sir," she said.

Nodding, Daniel sat back and stared at her body. He needed to talk with a professional, and the only person he knew was a doctor.

"Go into the sitting room. I'm going to finish cleaning the dishes. I want you to kneel beside the coffee table and present to me." She got to her feet, and he caught her wrist before she could leave. "This is not a punishment, Dawn." He pressed her hand to his cock. "I want you. I'm not repulsed by you, but I'm concerned like any other mate would be."

"There's nothing to be concerned about, Sir." She dropped her head showing her submission.

"Let me be the judge of that." He placed a kiss to her head, inhaling her scent.

Daniel watched her leave, pulling out his cell phone. He left the house, going out the door that led into the garden. Dialing Jake's number, he waited for his friend to answer his call.

"Hello," Jake said, groaning.

"It's nearly eight. Why are you still in bed?"

"Well, my alpha kicked my ass out of the house and I don't need to worry about getting up early."

He laughed. "I need you to get the Doc here."

"What did you do?" Jake asked. All the sounds of sleep disappeared from his voice. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine." He looked through the kitchen. "Dawn's not okay, and no, I didn't do anything. I think something happened to her during the transition."

"What?"

"Dawn can't feel pain."

"How is that possible?" Jake asked. "You've been spanking her for the last year. Surely you would have seen something by now."

He heard sounds over the line and imagined his friend moving around. "I missed this. I don't know how it happened, but I gave her a coffee this morning. It was steaming, Jake, and she drank it down as if it was cold. When I asked her about it she told me she always drank hot liquids."

"That's not so strange."

"She put her finger inside the cup. Her skin burned, and not a sound came from her. She looked like she'd put it in body temperature water. Also, last night, I caused a lot of pain, and she only gasped and cried out. Not once were any of her moans coming from the ability to feel pain. She also doesn't look shocked by her lack of pain. Dawn is scared of me being repulsed by her."

"Alpha, this is bad."

"I know it's bad, but I need you to get the Doc here and to make sure no one knows the truth."

Jake was silent.

"What do you want to tell me?" Daniel asked.

"I heard some guys talking at the club last night. They were talking about some kind of dog fight or some shit. There's a guy who can't feel pain and is taking on dogs in the ring. I don't know if it was true or if they were bullshitting. Do you think it can be a wolf with this same problem?"

Daniel cursed. "I don't know. I really don't know. I'm not having anyone putting Dawn in danger because she can't feel. Check out the gossip and get back to me. In the meantime, get the Doc here. I want him to talk to him and see what I can find out."

"What if she can't be fixed?" Jake asked.

"I don't need her to be fixed. I just need to keep her safe."

Jake hung up letting him know that he wouldn't talk about Dawn's problem. Entering the house, Daniel placed the phone back on the kitchen counter. He ran his fingers through his hair trying to focus on Dawn rather than the fear of what her condition could mean. If she was trying to find someone to give her pain then she could have encountered all kinds of sick f**ks. There were men, like him, who liked to cause a little pain, sadists, but they trained hard not to push too hard.

Some men and women, however, didn't care how much they pushed. They didn't believe in any boundary and simply pushed.

In her quest to find a sadist had she found this kind of men?

The very thought sickened him. Something had happened to her, but he didn't know what it was.

He walked toward the sitting room, finding her in the nearest one. She was kneeling on the floor with her dark thighs spread open for him to see the na**d lips of her sex. Her head was bowed in submission. Daniel wanted to touch her body. Her dark skin called to him, leaving him in need to feel her, to taste.

"You please me, pet," he said, entering the room. He pushed the coffee table out of the way and circled her body. She released a little gasp as he moved the table with ease. Stroking her head, he stared at the curves of her body. She was perfect. He took a seat on the sofa. "Move to face me."

She shuffled on the floor, her head still bowed, but she settled between his thighs. Her naked, curvy body was on display for him to touch.

She's not ours yet.

He cupped her chin and forced her to look at him. "You can't feel pain, Dawn."

The change inside her was instant. He held her chin even as she made to pull away from him.

"You don't know that. It will happen soon."

"Sticking your finger into a steaming cup of liquid tells me all I need to know. You didn't make a sound. Last night, you didn't respond to my bites. I turned you on, but I didn't cause you pain."

"I like a lot of pain."

He stared at her, seeing the denial within her depths, and the lies spilling from her mouth.

"I don't know what you like to feel. If you can't feel pain then in certain cases, the person starts to feel like they need pain. You're not craving pain, Dawn. You're hunting for it because the idea of not feeling it scares you." She stared at him with tears in her eyes. He released her face and reached down to haul her up into his lap.

Dawn didn't fight him as he settled her onto his lap. He wrapped his arms around her body, holding her tight against him so she couldn't move.

"We're going to talk about this, and you're not going to argue with me." He infused his alpha voice as he spoke. She stopped struggling. The hairs on her arms stood on end letting him know he was winning their little dispute. He rested a hand on her stomach while the other he placed on her thigh. "Something happened during your transition. Most young wolves have a family or a pack that cares about them. They're nursed during their transition into their first turning. During that time the body goes through a lot of stuff. In rare cases, wires get crossed, and something bad happens." He was using all of his own knowledge to tell her this. The only reason he needed the doctor was for him to assess if there was anything they could do to stop the wires from being crossed. "These bad things turn an ordinary wolf into someone who can't process pain. When people find out about their lack of pain threshold it makes them vulnerable to predators." He licked his lips. "For you, you're a natural submissive, so you're open to men or women who'd want a toy to play with. They're sadists of the worst kind, Dawn."

He looked to her side and saw the tears glistening in her eyes. How much had she endured in the last few years before she met him? No one had looked deep enough to see the need she was suffering.

"Have you dealt with this?"

She gasped and turned her head away.

"Baby, I can't help you until you tell me the truth."

"How do you know I'm like this?" she asked, looking at him. "I didn't react to the liquid or to your bites, but why does it have to mean anything?"

"Because you're broken a little. Your wolf is scared to trust you." He rubbed circles against her stomach soothing her. "The only reason for your wolf to be scared is because you've put her in a situation that scares her. She doesn't trust your judgment, which makes her nervous. It's why you can't sense the truth of me being your mate." He kissed the side of her neck. "It's time for you to realize you can trust me." He pressed another kiss to her neck. "I'm here to stay, and no matter what you say, I'm always going to be here. I love you, and you're not getting rid of me." He held her tight against him, showing her the love and care he felt through touch.

"You're going to leave," she said.

"I'm not going to go anywhere. It's time for you to share these problems."

She didn't talk about her mother or any part of her past. How far back did this abuse go?

"Where do you want me to start?" she asked seconds later.

"From wherever you feel comfortable."

She stayed silent for several minutes, not talking. Her heart was racing, and her wolf was pacing in wait. Calm down, baby. I'm not going to let her go.

"I killed a human male and cleaned the mess up." The words were not what he expected and yet they were. She was a wolf, suitable to be his mate.

"Tell me what happened." He continued to stroke her body. "Why did you kill that man?"

"I liked pain, or I thought I liked pain. The guy I lost my virginity to he wasn't clean about it or nice. It hurt a little. I don't know if it hurt or if it was supposed to hurt."

"I get it," he said, kissing her shoulder.

"It was before my transition. I was eighteen, and I wanted to have sex as a human. I heard that some wolves couldn't have sex without turning. If I got a human mate I didn't want to risk killing him so I decided to have sex before. There was a little pain, but I didn't have an orgasm. That was the last time I ever felt pain."

He listened to her talk, finally opening up to him. Her wolf stopped pacing and simply rested, clearly happy that she was trusting someone with the truth.

****

"Afterward I thought I needed the pain to get off. I couldn't enjoy sex any other way, and so I did a little research and I found people who felt the same. Before my transition, I could feel pain, and all of a sudden, it was gone. I figured I had to go looking for it." Dawn opened up telling Daniel everything about herself. She'd never thought telling the truth would make her feel safe, yet it did. "The first BDSM club I went to was for humans. There were no wolves present. In my father's pack, there's no relationship of this kind. I doubt they even know it exists."

"You'd be surprised what goes on behind closed doors, baby. It happens more than you think." He kept stroking her stomach and thigh, calming her.

Her wolf was relaxed, happy even.

"You went home with a man?" Daniel asked.

"Yes, he was the first man I went home with. I spent the weekend with him. He was..." She stopped thinking as the memory crashed over her. "I don't know his name. He was disgusting, filthy. He tied me to ropes he had coming from the ceiling and kept me that way for the time we were together." She closed her eyes, reaching down to touch Daniel. The feel of his flesh calmed her nerves.

"I'm here, Dawn. I'm not going anywhere."

Knowing he wasn't going to leave her filled her with joy.

"He used knives, whips, wax, and sometimes he used flame. There was no end to what he did. I made the noises suitable even though I felt nothing, and only when he started to talk about another woman he'd had in the same spot-" Her mouth went dry at the cruelty of his actions. "He'd killed another woman in that same spot. I hadn't smelled it because of all the scented candles and bleach he used to mop everything up. He talked how he'd tortured her for days, doing to me what he'd done to her."

"What happened?"

"My wolf pounced." She held her hand up for him to see. "My hand turned into the claws of a wolf. I tore the restraints with so much ease, and I killed him. I liked it, Daniel. He was a murdering bastard and had caused so much pain, and I liked causing him pain. I'm not normal."

He cupped her cheek, turning to her to look at him. His dark brown eyes stared back at her. "You saved other women. If you'd not been a wolf he'd have killed you and done it to other women."

"I spent three days cleaning up the mess and disposing of the body. For weeks afterwards I thought all I could smell was his blood. Every second I spent with my pack I thought they knew the truth. No one said anything, and after a little time passed I went out. Don't get me wrong. There were men who tried to give me what I wanted, but it always ended in rejection and disaster." She wiped the tears leaking from her eyes.

"How many people did you kill?" he asked.

"I only killed one man."

"The world is an awful place, Dawn. You've been unlucky to have encountered men who were bad, and didn't know how to handle your problem. We're not all like that." He caressed her body, soothing her.

"That's it. I heard about Kinkster's after my last failed relationship, and I met you."

"There's only one man on your list?" he asked.

"Yes, isn't that bad enough?" She sniffled, trying to wipe the tears away.

"It's bad, but it's not as bad as I thought. I don't know how you could have thought I'd be repulsed by you." He kept touching her. Her wolf relaxed, stretching out as if she needed to sleep.

"You don't believe in violence."

"I don't believe in violence being the only answer. It doesn't mean I've not struggled in my life before. Taking a life takes part of us with them, Dawn. The man you've taken, he's with you no matter what kind of scum he was."

"I want him to go away," she said.

"I can't make him go away." He turned her so she was sat on the sofa. "You've not talked about your mother. Everything you've told me wouldn't have affected your ability to feel pain. You had sex before your transition, and that made you believe you needed pain to get off. You've not talked about her mother or your transition."

Her mother was always off topic as far as she was concerned. "I don't want to talk about my mom."

Daniel stroked a finger across her lips. He settled between her thighs, pressing his body on top of hers. Her wolf moaned within her mind, bowing down to his presence. "How does your pack feel to having me as your mate?" she asked, changing the subject.

"You finally believe we're mates now?"

"I can't deny it. Not many men would put up with what I've put you through."

He smiled. "We're mates, and in time you're going to see how bonded we are." He leaned down, pressing his lips against hers.

She closed her eyes, whimpering as his lips touched hers. The instant shot of pleasure thrilled her.

"Open your eyes, pet. Your Master demands it."

Dawn did as he asked, staring into his brown eyes. "My pack wants me to be happy. Being around you, even with the blue balls you've given me, gives me pleasure." He rubbed his nose against hers then caressed down to inhale the scent of her neck. "Do you feel pleasure?"

"What do you mean?" She arched up to his touch, wanting to touch him.

"Last night, did you orgasm, or was that all a lie?" he asked.

"No, I feel pleasure. Last night was not a lie. I gave you everything that I am. I don't hide from physical feelings. I've tried to feel pain, searched for it, and I always come back disappointed." She wouldn't lie about experiencing her first true orgasm by her mate.

"So we know you can feel pleasure as much as the next person. That's good news, baby, really good news." He sucked on her earlobe, and she gasped as goosebumps erupted over her arms. The pleasure was sudden, shocking in the intensity. "The only problem is your inability to feel pain."

"Does it really matter?" she asked, missing the feel of his lips on hers.

"Yes, it matters. I don't want anyone to have you. You're all mine, and I'm a selfish bastard when I want something." He pushed some hair off her face. "Do you accept my claim?"

She stared into her eyes. Her wolf waited for her answer.

"Yes, I accept your claim."

"Then you know I'm going to have to meet your father and mother. They're going to want to know who I am."

"Do we have to talk about this?" she asked, hating the thought of him meeting her mother.

"I'm not going to push you. We're not leaving this house for some time. You're going to tell me the truth whether you like it or not."

"This isn't easy for me," she said, gritting her teeth. She couldn't move as he held her tightly, refusing to let her go.

"And you think this is easy for me? For one year you've denied me. I've known you were my mate, and you held me back. I'm not going to let you do it again." He leaned in and kissed her lips. "You're my mate, my submissive, and I'm going to lay my claim to you but only after I've met your family."

She didn't want him to meet her mother. Her mother was awful, vile even.

He thrust his pelvis against her core. "I think it's time for that grand tour." Daniel withdrew from her, and she couldn't stop the whimper from leaving her lips. He was torturing her on purpose, she was sure.

"I'm naked, Sir," she said.

"Good. I like seeing the beauty of my submissive. You're truly beautiful, Dawn." He took her hand within his.

He's ours as much as we're his.

"This is one of the sitting rooms." He picked up the remote and pointed it at the screen. "Ah, yes, this is the sports room. The television will only take sports, so no one can complain about what's on the television."

Daniel spent all morning taking her from room to room. She loved the age of the house. He'd kept a great deal of the original design and only changed the colors to make them lighter. The details were beautiful as were the patterns on the ceiling. They moved from room to room, and she was surprised he even had a cinema room. "There was a time when thirty people lived here. My father loved to have the pack around. Over time some of the pack died because of old age and moved away with their mates. I keep everything the same as I love having the pack around, too."

"It's strange not having a pack close by," she said.

"I know." He led the way upstairs toward the first floor where their bedrooms were. After seeing the seventh bedroom, Dawn decided she didn't need to see all of them. When they were at the attic she smelled the age lying in wait. "I've kept a great deal of memories in here." He led the way into the attic. Inside, Dawn was met by the history of the pack. Pictures of men and women in reserved poses met her. She smiled at the cribs as well. "I slept in this crib," he said, pressing on the side so the crib rocked.

"This place is amazing."

"You've not seen the best part, baby," he said, taking her hand and leading her away from the attic."

"Where are we going?" she asked.

He didn't speak as he led her to the kitchen. When he opened the door leading to the garden she froze. Being na**d inside the house was different from going outside in the open.

"I can't go out there, Sir." She bowed her head so he'd see she didn't mean any disrespect.

"Dawn, we're over twenty miles from the nearest house. We're totally alone, and you don't need to worry about a thing." He tugged on her hand and wrapped the other around her. "Do you really think I'd let anyone else see you naked?" He took her mouth, plunging his tongue within.

She moaned, opening up to him.

"Do you trust me?" he asked.

Opening her eyes, which she'd closed during his kiss, she stared at him. "Yes."

"Good." He stepped out into the open. She followed him feeling the slight chill in the air.

"There's going to be a storm soon," she said.

"I know."

He led the way down the path, and when they got to the stoned path, Daniel picked her up in his arms to carry her across.

She let out a squeal, shocked by his strength.

He's an alpha. Of course he can lift you.

"I don't feel pain, remember," she said, laughing.

"I know, but I don't want to watch you walking across the stones." He placed her back on her feet once they were on the grass. Daniel took the lead once again walking toward the edge of the water feature. The beauty of the water falling captured her attention. She wondered what it would be like to stand in the water and have it wash over her. Dawn didn't realize she'd said it out loud until Daniel spoke.

"Another time," he said, kissing her. He took her past some of the trees and turned left. She didn't have a clue where they were going, and she didn't care.

Through the cover of trees she saw the small cabin. Daniel walked up the steps, keeping her with him. He took out a key, unlocking the door for her to enter. Again, he flicked the light switch on, bringing light to the dark room. There were no windows, and the privacy was welcome. She rubbed the chill from her arms, even though the weather didn't bother her.

"This is my playroom. I guess it's a play cabin. This is where I train on the equipment. I never want to hurt my submissive."

"Have you brought a submissive here?" she asked, staring at the room similar to the one in Kinkster's. She never thought he'd have a playroom close to the house. Her pu**y grew wet at the sight before her.

"Yes, I've brought submissives here. I never expected to find my mate. Since I've met you, there hasn't been any other woman for me." She turned around and saw him standing with his arms folded. Every time he folded his arms, she was drawn to the thickness of his arms. There was nothing timid or tame about him.

"There've been no other men for me either." She wasn't upset that he'd brought other women here. There was no reason for her to be jealous or angry. "Am I your exclusive submissive?" She was putting herself out there even with her problems.

Chapter Seven

"Yes, you're my only submissive, and you've been a little disobedient today," he said, stepping up close to her. She looked up at him and smiled. Her smile had his gut twisting. He couldn't lose her. She hadn't opened up about her mother, but she'd told him the truth about her past. Her wolf was happy with the admissions as well. It was a start for both of them.

In time, Daniel knew he could get her to trust him. Whatever her concern was about her mother, he knew it was possibly the cause of her problem. Female wolves were supposed to be maternal, caring for their young. The way Dawn reacted, he doubted she was ever comforted by her mother. The way she reacted to him combing her hair this morning was another clue. She'd stayed perfectly still, obviously loving the feel of his fingers running through her hair. Did she know how she'd moaned and when he took a little time between strokes, she'd whimpered as if he left her? There was so much going on inside her head, and Daniel knew there was a lot of work ahead of him.

"Present to me," he said, watching her go to her knees, opening them wide for him to see her pu**y. He took a seat in front of her, far enough away to see the lips of her sex glistening. She was truly beautiful. His dark, submissive beauty waiting for him to punish her.

His c**k thickened, making it uncomfortable for him. He moved in his seat in an attempt to relieve the ache in his pants.

"Several times you addressed me without using my title." He stared around the room, wondering what he should do to tease her.

"I'm sorry, Sir," she said.

"Good, I don't need to hear your apologies. You're going to be punished, but I believe you've been pushing me to use my hand on you." He ran a finger across his lip, curious as to what he should do. This was their first time truly alone with many toys at his disposal. In the club they may have seemed alone, but in truth, they were never alone. His pack would have come to her if she showed any signs of distress. They knew he had struggled not to claim her, and he'd asked Jake to interfere if it ever came down to it. Fortunately, it never happened as he'd always been in control. This time, he was in complete control of her, and she was at his mercy.

"What is your safe word?" he asked.

"Red."

"Good. Do not use it unless you wish the scene to end. You know how to get me to slow down, so I expect you to caution me when I'm going too far."

"Yes, Sir."

He doubted she'd ever use a caution or a safe word during a scene, and that alone concerned him. "I want you to get up and go to the bed. Lie down on your back and open your thighs wide."

She did as he instructed. He admired the rounded curves of her ass as she moved away from him. Fuck, she made him ache with need.

"Are you comfortable?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir."

Daniel moved to his display of toys. He had a selection of whips, canes, and paddles. He personally liked the cane. A long strip of leather with a small loop at the end was his favorite. He loved the sound of it as he brought it down on her flesh. The other tool he liked to use was his hand. The sting of his palm let him know that he was punishing his submissive properly. The last thing he needed was for his submissive to believe he was getting weak.

He decided to take the cane, a set of nipple clamps, and a brand new dildo. After he brought new submissives to his room he always made sure to use new equipment.

Placing the devices within easy reach he knelt down in front of her. He took hold of one of her ankles and picked up the silk tie connected to the post of the bed. Securing the silk around her ankle, he made sure it was tight enough to keep her secure but not so tight that it would damage her skin. There was no need to worry about pain with her, but he would always be cautious. Once he was happy with the first ankle he did the same to the second.

Kneeling back, he admired her flesh against the red silk. Perfection.

"Bring your head forward." She did as he asked, and he drew the length of her hair above her head. He secured the length with a clip he kept in his pants pocket. The strands were all out of his way exposing her sweet neck. "Beautiful." He cupped the back of her neck, tilting her head back. Claiming her lips, he slid his tongue into her open mouth. Her taste was amazing, and he could spend the whole day kissing her.

The mating heat began to build inside him, and he moaned as a fresh wave of pleasure struck him. His c**k hurt him with how swollen he'd gotten.

Leaving the kiss, he glided his hand down to circle one hard nipple. Once again he went to his knees, bringing the clamps within easy reach. He didn't speak as he stared at the heavy weight of her tits with the brown tips of her ni**les. Daniel was lost when he stared at her. She was exquisite. He didn't know how any man could have hurt her.

Our mate. We can protect and help her.

Daniel was never going to turn his back on his woman. If he couldn't help her with her inability to feel pain, he'd spend the rest of his life protecting her. He'd find other wolves with the same problem to see how they coped.

He sucked one of her ni**les into his mouth, moaning as the hard bud filled his mouth. Opening the clamp he pulled away to see her nipple rock hard. He secured the clamp onto her nipple, and she gasped.

"How does it feel, pet?" he asked.

"It feels amazing. I've never..." She released a groan as he teased her clit.

"No pain?"

"No pain but it feels nice." Her sensors accepted pleasure, yet they denied pain.

Moving onto the next nipple, he did the same, relishing the sound of her gasp as he secured the clamp. She arched up against him, begging for more without saying a word.

"Lie back," he said. She lowered down to the bed. Her chest heaved with her indrawn breathes. Daniel got to his feet and found the silk binds to secure her wrists. He caught her gaze with his own. Her eyes were wide as she looked back at him. Neither of them spoke a word as he placed the silk around her wrist. He moved onto the next wrist and secured the last. There was no need for him to tighten the restraints as he wanted her at the end of the bed within easy reach.

He knelt between her thighs, grabbing the cane along with the dildo he'd brought with him. She stayed still, and he ran his hands up and down her body, watching her shudder and shake from his touch.

Her wolf was lax waiting for him to make his next move. Daniel smiled. He was more than prepared to take Dawn and her wolf. Under his care she'd flourish like the amazing beauty she was.

Opening her thighs, he stared at her creamy cunt feeling his mouth water for a taste of her. Her wet cunt was on display waiting for his toys. Closing the distance between them, he sealed his lips over her cunt sucking on the nub.

She cried out, jerking on the restraints. He slapped her thigh, glaring at her. "I told you to stay lying down."

Dawn went back to the bed, her body shaking as he went back to sucking on her clit. She continued to moan, and her legs shook beneath his. He gripped her thigh hard, adding to the sensation he was creating. She couldn't feel pain yet she could feel his touch, and he intended to use it all to his advantage. There wasn't enough touch between them to bring her to orgasm. He continued to grip her thigh repeatedly in different areas, constantly touching and stroking her.

Cream spilled from her pu**y, coating his mouth, and he drank her up.

Reaching for the dildo, he replaced his tongue with the fake cock. He ran the tip of the fake c**k through her slit coating it with her cream. Once the dildo was covered he worked the tip down to her cunt. Picking up the cane, he watched her response. Dawn was staring at the plain ceiling. He wondered if she liked the mirror above her bed or if she hated it.

Pushing the c**k into her pu**y he brought the cane down onto her leg. She cried out, and he did it again working the cane on her thighs. He didn't go anywhere near her pu**y or body. Daniel watched her responses, cautious in his hits. The clamps were biting down on her ni**les but not drawing any blood, each item creating a different sensation that wasn't pain, but it was something.

When she was at the peak about to fall into orgasm, he withdrew the fake c**k and stepped away from her.

"Sit up," he said, kneeling back on the floor. He removed one clamp then the other, paying careful attention to each bite. Daniel sucked on the flesh of her ni**les, cautious in his ministrations. The clamps had been on her body for some time. Satisfied that he hadn't broken the skin, he took the toys toward the sink.

He sensed her confusion, and he smiled. Didn't she realize there were sweeter, easier ways to punish her rather than to cause her immense pain? There was no punishment in trying to cause her pain. She couldn't feel it.

Washing the toys in anti-bacterial soap, he dried them and placed them back in their place. He released her from the binds that kept her to the bed.

"Sir, have I done anything to upset you?" she asked.

Kissing her head, he leaned in close to her ear. "It's your punishment, Dawn. You're not going to be coming for the rest of the day, but that's not going to stop me from touching or playing with you."

She stayed on the floor in her submissive pose while he grabbed the bed sheets. Part of him didn't want to leave the room while another knew he needed to prove to her how far he could go.

His cell phone buzzed in his pocket. Taking the device out he saw a text was left from Jake.

Jake: Doc's here. He wants to see you. I'm at the gate.

"We've got to head back home." He waited for her to get to her feet, and he wrapped the blanket around her body.

"Have I upset you, Sir?" she asked. Her lip wobbled as he secured the blanket around her.

"You've not upset me. I'm giving you some much needed privacy. I've got a friend waiting at the gate. I promised you that no one but me will see you naked, and I intend to deliver." He took her hand. "The moment they're gone I'll be having you na**d once again."

Daniel led her back to the house. He smelled Jake on the air, and he noticed Dawn smelled the air as well.

"You've brought the Doc here?"

"How do you know the Doc?" he asked, letting her lack of address slip. She was worried. Her wolf started to pace a little unsure about what was happening.

"He visited a wolf in distress during pregnancy." Dawn stopped in the garden. "Why's he here?"

"I've brought him here to see me. He won't know it's you."

"He will. How can you cover my scent? Shit, he can probably already smell me."

Daniel tightened his hand on hers, holding her tightly. "Pet, look at me. Look into my eyes." He waited for her to pause before he continued. "I'll never let anything happen to you. If your pack finds out we'll know who told. Don't worry, I promise your secret is more than safe." He pressed a kiss to her lips.

"Okay."

"There's no reason for you to leave. Come on, we'll go and meet the Doc together."

****

Dawn's wolf paced as they made their way around the front of the house. The blanket pooled around her legs, and she gripped the bottom so she didn't trip up or fall over. Daniel didn't move too fast, so she was able to keep up with each of his steps.

It took several minutes of walking before the gate came into view. She recognized Doc immediately. The other man she remembered from the club but didn't know who he was.

"Hello, Jake," Daniel said.

"Are we interrupting?" Jake asked, looking at her. She smelled Daniel on the other man, and she knew he was part of the pack.

"No." Daniel went to the electric box, opened the door, and typed in a code. The gates opened up letting the two men inside.

"Dawn." The Doc nodded his head at her.

Daniel stepped beside her, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. "Her presence here is to remain a secret," Daniel said, coming to her rescue.

She dropped her head feeling ashamed that she had to hide who she was from her family and her pack.

"I won't say anything."

Her mate stepped closer invading Doc's space. "I mean it. Anyone says anything and I'll be coming back for you."

Doc swallowed. "I didn't think you believed in violence?"

"I don't believe in violence, but if I'm pushed, I'll do whatever the hell I have to in order to protect my woman." Daniel stood to his full height, the scent of his wolf coming to the fore for all of them to know he meant business.

Goosebumps erupted on her arms as heat flooded her pu**y at the dominant display.

"I've got it," Doc said.

"You're going to go all alpha on a woman who's denied your claiming?" Jake took a step closer. The anger rolled off him along with his disapproval.

She gasped at the smells coming her way along with the anger. Daniel growled, stepping in front of her.

"Daniel, you can do much better."

"She's my mate, Jake. You'll show her some motherfucking respect or I'll make sure you regret any words that come out of your mouth."

Jake stared at her, shaking his head. "He doesn't deserve you."

"I've accepted his claim," Dawn said.

"There's a reason she's accepted my offer, Jake. Come inside, and I'll let you listen."

Together they walked into the house. She noticed Daniel made the two men walk in front of them.

"Thank you," she said, resting against him. One of his arms wrapped around her back, holding her up.

"No need to thank me, baby. You're my mate and my sub. I'll take care of you for the rest of our lives."

She closed her eyes, relishing the feel of him holding her. They'd not even had sex, and yet she felt close to him.

Sex doesn't mean love.

The way he'd brought her to the edge of orgasm and yet denied her had angered and excited her. He was the first man to show so much control. Daniel turned her on by his masculine display.

They entered the house, going toward the sitting room that Daniel told her was only allowed to hold guests. He rarely let anyone further into his house who was not part of the pack. Daniel's pack may be different from many others, but his determination to keep them safe was that of a good leader.

She liked the thought of having the house filled with a loving, loyal pack.

"I want to thank you for coming," Daniel said, standing behind her as she sat down on the sofa.

Get closer.

Dawn moved into the sofa and snuggled up against his arm. Daniel seemed to know what she needed as he rested both of his hands on her shoulders, holding her.

"No problem. I don't see any problem, but I guess this is not a social call?" Doc asked.

"This isn't a social call." Daniel squeezed her shoulder. "Have you heard of other wolves who suffer with a condition similar to Congenital Analgesia?"

Doc frowned. "The condition is very uncommon in humans let alone in wolves."

"I've heard of it," Jake said. His arms were folded over his chest, staring at them. "The rumors were true. There's a wolf being used for sport." Jake glanced at her. "I've not been able to find him though. It has been a very busy morning."

She had so many questions.

"Is there any way to treat it?"

"What is this all about? I don't see what the problem is," Doc said. He looked between the two. She looked up at her mate, and Daniel stared back at her, waiting. Dawn nodded for him to tell the truth.

"Dawn can't feel pain," Daniel said.

"This is bullshit, Daniel. How do you know she's not lying to get away from you? She's been playing you from day one."

Daniel's wolf tensed. She felt him get ready to strike, and Dawn didn't want to be the one responsible for two pack males attacking. Getting up from the sofa, she opened the Doc's medical kit and withdrew a scalpel. Opening her arm, she slid the knife across her flesh. She didn't wince or feel the bite of pain. It was like her brain was cut off from feeling anything but pleasure. She felt Daniel's touch, the stings of the cane or his slaps. They didn't hurt her, and yet this kind of pain didn't have any affect.

She ran the blade across her arm twice more.

Dawn hadn't pressed the blade too deep, and the wounds started to heal seconds later. The first man she'd killed had pressed the blade in deep making it hard for her to heal.

"That's enough, Dawn," Daniel said. His voice commanded her to stop, and she stared at him. The concern was clear in his eyes. She handed the Doc back his scalpel and took her seat beside Daniel.

He covered the marks on her arms. Blood oozed between his fingers until finally the blood disappeared. Licking her lips, she stared up at him.

"Wait, you just took a scalpel to yourself," Jake said.

"This is not good," Doc said, moving forward.

Daniel growled, covering her with his arms. "I suggest if you intend to harm her you think again. I won't have anyone harming my woman."

"I'm not going to harm her." Doc held his hands up in surrender. "I'm only going to inspect her arms."

Several seconds passed before Daniel relented and allowed Doc to get closer. She held her arm out for him to inspect. There were no visible wounds.

"How long has it been like this?" he asked.

She swallowed past the lump in her throat. "Ever since my transition." It wasn't a lie as she'd felt plenty of pain before then. There used to be a lot of pain, and over time she stopped reacting to the pain inflicted upon her. After her transition, the pain no longer mattered. Her mother wouldn't leave her alone long enough to stop.

"There's no way for us to diagnose it unless we made our wolves vulnerable to the humans. In very rare cases something gets shut off during the transition in the emotional receptors of the brain. The reason I say very rare cases is the majority of the condition in wolves is based around abuse. The lines get switched, and the wolf can't decipher pain." Doc released her arm and looked at her.

She stared into his eyes, wondering if he knew the truth about her mother.

"Someone in your family, Dawn, has to be responsible for this."

"You mean, you can't feel anything?" Jake asked, coming closer. "Broken bones, boiling water, you can't feel it?"

Dawn shook her head, feeling like a freak show for them all to view.

"No, I can't feel it."

"Who did this, Dawn?" Doc asked.

"Is there a cure for this?" Dawn asked, ignoring his question. The conversation about the person responsible for her condition needed to be had with Daniel in private, not in front of these men she didn't know.

"I don't know. I've never met anyone with this condition." Doc ran fingers through his hair, obviously completely baffled. "This is dangerous, Daniel. If anyone found out about her condition, she could be used in unspeakable things. You've got to keep her safe."

Daniel's jaw tightened.

"What about the mating?" Dawn asked, turning back to look at the Doc. She couldn't live the rest of her life wondering if there was a cure.

"What do you mean?" Jake spoke up.

"If the transition rewired my brain then shouldn't the mating help me to rewire it again?"

Doc held his hands up. "I really don't know. I'm not going to say there's a cure, and I'm not going to say there isn't. I really don't know. There's a lot about this disease within wolves that we don't know. I can't help you with this."

"So you're pretty much no use at all?" Daniel asked.

"The mating is worth a try. Personally, I'd try to find fellow wolves in a similar situation as yourself." Doc stood, grabbing his bag. "Your secret is safe with me. This is not going to be good for other wolves if it's found out."

Seconds later Doc left the property.

"What are you thinking?" she asked.

Daniel moved around the sofa, tugging her onto his lap. "I don't like his lack of knowledge, and yet we call him a doctor. What I also want to know is where others are."

He stroked her thigh.

She snuggled in against him, pressing her palm against his heart. Daniel surrounded her with warmth.

"What if the mating helps?" she asked.

"I don't know, Dawn. I don't want to put you at unnecessary risk. I'd never change you." He kissed the top of her head.

Opening her eyes, she stared at his chest. In the past year Daniel had shown her more love and affection than the woman she called a mother had in her whole life. They hadn't slept together, and yet he left her feeling completely whole.

Tucking some hair behind her ear, Dawn spilled the truth out for him to hear.

"It was my mom," she said.

"What, baby?"

"My mom, she was always mean growing up, but she'd hide it away from Dad. He never knew the kind of woman he married and mated. She's not a true alpha, wasn't born one." Her chest tightened as she thought of the years she'd spent afraid of the one woman she should have trusted. "They're not a true mated couple. She was the one who caught his eye, and they had me." She stared up at him.

"You never talk about your mother."

"Because she doesn't deserve the title of mother." Tears spilled from her eyes, and she hated them. "When I was younger she used to hit me if I got my dress dirty or find ways to punish me. I couldn't do anything right, and she would tell me how useless I was. She'd lash out, slapping, hitting me, or scaring me. All the time she did, Daddy wasn't in the house. I noticed from a young age that she was always nicer to me when he was around. I tried to make him stay around a lot more, but he had pack work to deal with. I don't think he loved my mother. He cared about her, and he loved me, but she wasn't a true mate." Her throat felt dry as she started to tell him her memories. The memories she kept buried. "Where most kids went to their mother or pack female for help, I hid from her. She was a vicious woman."

Daniel held her tightly, and she was able to talk about all the bad memories she kept locked up inside.

"How does your father not see it?" Daniel asked.

"I don't know. Mom deals with the rest of the pack problems while he makes sure no one threatens the pack." She kept wiping away the tears, feeling the cleansing within her soul. No one knew of what she went through. This was the truth she'd given to Daniel, her mate, no one else.

"I'm not going to let this stand," he said.

"You can't do anything, Daniel. If you challenge my mom then you challenge my father first. He'll never let her accept a challenge she can't win."

"What do you think he's going to do when he finds out the truth?"

She bit her lip. "Nothing."

"These people you call parents suck. You're my mate, and when the time comes I won't stand for anyone to hurt you." He kissed the top of her head, but fortunately, he let it go.

Dawn closed her eyes, snuggling in deep against him, loving the feel of his warmth surround her. There was nothing she wanted more than to be around her mate.

Chapter Eight

Several days passed, and Daniel took the time to gain more of Dawn's trust. He taught her the value of herself, and punished her when she pushed him a little too far. She begged for him to take her back to his cabin within the woods where all of his toys were. He had a selection within his room but not as extensive as the ones back at the cabin. Jake called him regularly to ask for updates. The pack was getting worried, but they were also sensing a change inside him.

He knew it was only going to be a matter of days before he claimed her. The full moon was tonight, but he wanted the chance to run wild with her. They hadn't had sex yet either. Their time together was through touching. He loved the feel of her hands on his skin. She drove him crazy with need. Yesterday he had used rope on her gorgeous body, tying the cords around her br**sts and looping them through her legs to keep her bound up. He'd laid her on the coffee table, while he simply admired the view at the same time as stroking his length. She didn't complain about her position on the table or what he was doing. Her eyes closed at different intervals, and he saw the pleasure shining in her face. She was happy, and he couldn't find a single reason to protest.

When he could no longer stand to simply stare at her beautiful bound body he'd gone to his knees before her and enjoyed the taste of her pu**y. He tortured her for over an hour, licking her delicious cream and taking his time to explore her clit. She was so responsive, and the rope helped to arouse her further by holding her down, adding to her pleasure. Only when he was ready for her to come did he give his permission.

He'd flicked her cl*t until she cried out in bliss, and he'd swallowed down every drop of her release. Afterwards, he'd untied the rope and she'd gone into her submissive pose and begged for him to allow her to help him with his problem.

His c**k had been rock hard and aching for release. Daniel had had every intention of going to the bathroom to relieve the ache. Instead, he'd sat down on the sofa and peeled away his jeans. His c**k had sprung up as if it had a life of its own.

Seeing the yearning in her brown eyes, and the way she'd licked her lips was his undoing. There was no way a Dom could deny a sub who'd been a very good girl. She'd taken his c**k within her mouth, sliding her tongue along the vein before going back to the head. Dawn had swallowed him down until he hit her throat, going deeper still. She'd bobbed her head while sucking on the root.

The feel of her mouth wrapped around his c**k had been pure torture but of the most delightful kind.

Throughout her sucking, she'd stared at him, watching his reactions. He'd simply stared back, showing her how much he loved her lips on his cock. She'd surprised him further when she swallowed the cum that he erupted into her mouth. Afterward, he'd tugged her into his lap and held her while they watched a movie.

She hadn't worn any clothes since she came to him. Daniel was finding it harder to be around her and not to be inside her. He typed on the keyboard within his office, answering emails that had been sent to him in the past couple of days. The club, Kinkster's, still needed his attention as did his pack. Dawn knelt on the floor by the sofa with the book on the furniture as she read. Her hands were folded underneath her br**sts, and she leaned on her arms as she read. Her feet were crossed behind her, moving from side to side as the rest of her body moved to whatever tune was playing in her mind.

He found himself constantly distracted by her movements. The emails were going unanswered while she was reading one of those sex books she'd found in one of the rooms. One of his wolves enjoyed some kinky books, which he didn't have a problem with Dawn reading. Anything that got his woman hot and horny was only a benefit to him.

She turned the page of the book and started reading again. The scent of her arousal filled the room, making it harder for him to concentrate on the latest email. He dealt with the financial problems of his pack. If some members wished to go to college, he footed the bill as they paid him back once they graduated and were in full time employment. One of the pack females was asking if she could go to medical school to train to be a doctor. He didn't see any concerns in helping her. A doctor within the pack could only help them all.

"You're doing that on purpose," he said, looking at Dawn as she turned to look at him.

"What?"

"The teasing with your body, moving and wriggling. It's distracting me." He sent her a smile, which she responded to.

She'd been completely engrossed into her book rather than seeing what she'd done to him. His c**k was rock hard, wanting inside the wet heat of her.

"You're the one who keeps me naked, Sir," she said. "I wouldn't be that distracting if you let me wear clothes."

"Where would the fun be in that? I like you naked." He started typing away on his computer. Dawn closed her book and walked around the desk to rest against the hard wood.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

He reached out to stroke her na**d hip. "One of the girls who's just recently graduated from high school is asking for the funds to go to medical school after college. I'm responding for her to get her parents to come and see me with her."

"A nurse or doctor?"

"A doctor. The pack could do with a doctor of our own. There's not enough medical staff out there to deal with us." He finished typing the email arranging a date suitable.

"You're meeting her in a week at the local diner?" She covered his hand with her own.

"Yeah. You'll be coming with me. As my mate you're going to be helping me to build a healthier pack." He pressed send and watched the email go. Turning his attention back to his woman, he slid his hand up to cup her breast. "That is if you still agree to be my mate." He rubbed the tip of her nipple, watching her eyes dilate. Her wolf wanted to go out running, and she also wanted to f**k.

Daniel wouldn't be f**king his woman until he was ready.

"I want to be your mate more than anything." Her hands wrapped around his wrist, but she didn't try to stop him from touching her. With his other hand, he stroked the side of her body, loving the way goosebumps erupted along her flesh. He saw her stomach tense, and he pulled her in front of him.

It didn't take him long to have her sat on his desk with her legs wide open. "You're always spreading me open," she said, moaning.

He cupped her hot pu**y, sliding a finger through her slit. "I'm always going to find a reason to have you spread open for my pleasure, baby. It's never going to change. You're just going to have to get used to it."

Daniel dropped his head, licking from the entrance of her pu**y up to her clit.

"No, Daniel, Sir, I need you inside me, please. I love your tongue, but I need to feel you." She tugged on his hair, stopping him from licking her.

Getting to his feet, he stared down into her eyes. "You want my c**k inside you?" he asked.

"Yes, please, Sir, I need you." She ran her hands down the front of his shirt moving to his cock. He captured her hand stopping her from touching him.

He wanted inside her more than anything. Tugging his shirt over his head he threw the offending material away from him.

Dawn clawed at his jeans, tearing open the button trying to get the jeans free. He chuckled at her need for him. His wolf was ready to take her and claim her for his own.

Not yet. We'll claim her at the right time.

Wrapping his arm around her back he drew her closer and slammed his lips down on hers. She released his jeans, to grip his arms, moaning as he plundered her mouth with his tongue.

He moved down from her lips to her neck, sucking on the rapidly beating pulse. Daniel unbuttoned his jeans and shimmied them down his thighs. His c**k stood out, long, hard, and proud. Fisting his length, he worked down her body to suck onto each nipple. Her fingers sank into his hair, pushing her chest out toward him.

"Please," she said, begging.

Daniel touched her pu**y, pressing a finger deep into her core. She gripped him tightly, and he pushed a second finger within her. They both moaned as her pu**y rippled around him.

He removed his finger, sucking the cream from it. "You taste so f**king good."

Gripping his shaft, he ran the tip through her slit, coating his c**k with her cream. Only when he was satisfied that the length of him was coated did he slide to her entrance.

"This may sting a little," he said.

"I can't feel pain, remember?" She shot him a wicked smile.

Pushing only the tip of his c**k within her, he placed his hands on her hips. "Still, you're going to feel full."

She licked her lips. Her tongue peeked out, begging to be sucked or bit.

"How do you know you're that big?" she asked. He smiled, and instead of answering her, he slammed to the hilt inside her, giving her all of him without letting up.

Dawn cried out, arching up as he penetrated her pu**y. Staring down at where they were joined, he was amazed at how she opened up to take him. His c**k filled her tiny pu**y. Each ripple and pulse fluttered along his shaft.

He kissed her tits moving up to claim her mouth, which was open from the scream.

"Okay," she said. "I believe you're that big."

She was the first woman to take the full length of his c**k without complaint. Staring down at his woman, his mate, Daniel was completely lost. She was his other half, the woman by his side, and they'd be strong together. He loved her with all of his heart and soul.

"You're mine," he said, laying his claim. He pressed a hand to her heart, feeling her beat. "I'm going to claim you, and the pack is going to accept you as my mate."

"Yes, Daniel. My Master."

He pulled out of her tight heat, watching his c**k appear slick with her cream. Daniel didn't get all the way out of her until he was slamming back inside, relishing her sweet screams.

"I'm going to f**k you so hard on this desk and then I'm going to f**k you all the way upstairs until we get to our bed. I'm going to love you for the rest of this day, and tonight, we're going to run together." He swiveled his hips, hitting the g-spot deep inside her.

Their cries mingled on the air as he took her hard on the desk. He sucked on her ni**les before taking her lips with his.

"Touch me."

She gripped his arms tightly as he rode her body. He wrapped his arms around her body and picked her up. In the next second he had her pressed against the wall. Dawn held him tighter, and he took her lips, slamming his tongue into her mouth, matching the strokes of his c**k in her pu**y.

Being inside her was much better than he ever imagined.

****

Dawn held onto her mate, the love of her life, as he drove inside her. His thick c**k filled her up, and there was no choice but for her to accept his loving. She kissed him back, meeting his tongue with her own.

For a year you've denied this.

She felt like an idiot for making them both wait. They were more explosive than she ever imagined. His nails sank into the flesh of her back, delighting her with the passion he was showing.

"So f**king close." He plunged inside her. She broke away from the kiss and rested her head against his neck. Dawn licked the flesh over his pulse as he rammed home, getting close to orgasm.

"Finger your clit, baby. I need you to come."

She reached between her thighs and stroked her clit, crying out at the instant shot of pleasure that struck her. Pinching her clit, she bit down on his neck wanting to mark his pale skin.

"That's it, baby, leave your mark on my skin." He rode her harder still. He stroked her cl*t as she felt the beginning of her orgasm start to build.

Releasing his neck, she threw her head back erupting onto his c**k as her release crashed over her. Daniel growled, sealing his lips over her neck and biting down. He broke the skin and started to swallow down her blood.

His cum filled her pu**y along with his mating heat. If any wolf was to get close to her now they'd smell Daniel all over her. She cried out as he took enough of her blood so he smelled like her. The start of their mating had just begun.

After several seconds passed, Daniel released the bite, licking the wounds as he retracted his canine teeth. She let out a sigh and rested her head on his chest, taking several deep breaths as she did.

"There's no stopping it now, baby. We're going to be together."

"I've got no problem with that. I don't think I can move," she said. Her head was swimming, and she moaned as her neck started to ache.

She pressed a hand to her neck groaning.

"What's the matter?" he asked, concern filling his voice.

"I don't know." She withdrew her hand to see some blood on her hands. Dawn frowned. "I think, I think it hurts." She rubbed the blood between her fingers before going back to cup her neck.

"What do you mean?"

Dawn winced as Daniel moved, and his c**k withdrew from her pu**y.

"Ow!" Her pu**y was tender but in a nice way. "I think I can feel pain."

He took a step back, staring at her as she looked up at him. Daniel lowered her to her feet, and she would have collapsed in a heap if he hadn't caught her.

"You can feel pain? What hurts?" He held her close to him and looked over her body, taking plenty of care as he touched her.

"My neck, it stings where you bit me, and my pu**y is a little tender. Could it be the mating or something else?" she asked. Was the feeling temporary?

She didn't care if it was temporary or not. For the first time in over eleven years she felt something.

"The mating has started, and you're able to feel. If we complete the mating it could help with your ability to feel pain, not that you want to feel too much pain." Daniel lifted her up in his arms and carried her upstairs toward their bedroom.

"I thought we were going to f**k our way up to our room," she said, smiling.

"We'll f**k soon. I want to take care of you first. This is my right as your mate."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, holding onto him. "You know, you don't need to protect me from everything. I'm not that fragile."

He placed her on the bed and left her to go through to the bathroom. She felt his cum leaking out of and stood up before she made a mess of the bed. Daniel appeared several seconds later with steam coming out of the bathroom.

"Our bath awaits."

Again, he carried her through to the bathroom and eased her into the warm soapy water. He climbed in beside her, wrapping his arms around her body. She ended up in his lap with his flaccid c**k resting between the cheeks of her ass.

"I think you're doing this on purpose," she said, leaning against him. His rock hard body met her back, surrounding her.

His arms, twice the size of hers, wrapped around her body securing her to him. "I love you, baby," he said.

She gasped, glancing toward him. "What?"

"You heard me. I'm in love with you and have been for a long time. I not only want you as my mate, Dawn, I want you as my wife." He cupped her cheek, turning her to look at him. "Tell me you'll marry me."

His proposal took her by surprise.

"You still want to marry me even knowing what you know about me?"

"Yes, baby. I want to marry you. Not only do I want to marry you but I also want you to have my children and grow old with me." He dropped a kiss to her nose. His thumb stroked her cheek.

"I love you, too." She smiled up at him. "I want to be your woman in every sense of the word." Dawn reached up to cup his cheek. "Kiss me."

He leaned down, and she moved up to meet him half way. When their lips locked, electricity ran up and down her body. She was drawn to him, and her wolf wanted out to have a taste.

She spun in his arms deepening the kiss. His hands held onto her back, and she opened her eyes to see their reflections in the mirror. They were beautiful, or at least she thought they were beautiful together. Her darker skin stood out against his pale skin. He was larger than she was, but together, the sight took her breath away.

Daniel pulled away.

"No, we're not going to f**k in the tub. I'm going to wash your body and then we'll f**k."

He wouldn't budge even as she cupped his rock hard cock. Daniel slapped her hands away, warning her of a severe punishment if she didn't listen to him. She enjoyed his attention and the way he bathed her.

The love he showed touched her deeply, and she never wanted it to end.

When he finished, he pulled out the plug and made her stand up.

He held a towel for her to step into.

"I love you, Sir."

"You're not getting my c**k until I'm good and ready."

They walked into the bedroom together. Daniel dried his body, and the sight of his muscles rippling was enough to make her mouth water.

He dried her body when he was finished with his own.

"What's going on in that head of yours?" he asked, touching her body as he continued to use the towel.

"Nothing. I'm happy. It has been so long since I've been happy it just feels strange. I'm waiting for something bad to happen."

He caught her to him, pressing his forehead against hers. "I'll never let anything bad happen to you. You're not going back home without me, especially if you can feel pain again. You're mated now, and your father's got no excuse to keep you at him." Packs were more possessive of their children. Unless the children were mated, parents expected their children to stay close to home. Her mother couldn't get rid of her without her father knowing the truth.

"She won't harm me around my dad."

"Baby, you've already told me more than once that he's not always around. I'm not risking it. We'll go to your dad's soon."

Dawn wanted to go to her father right away with the news. She didn't want to dispute or argue with Daniel's claiming. The love she felt for him was consuming, soul deep, and that kind of love couldn't be pushed aside for anything. Once her mother saw that she had no more hold over her, everything would be over. Daniel was her Dom and Master.

"Do you want to meet all of the pack before we go to your father's or after?" he asked.

"Before. We need to know they're happy with you taking me as your mate."

"I wouldn't care what they thought, Dawn. I care about my pack, but you're my mate. I'm not going to let them decide for me." He squeezed her ass. "Now, before we go and get something to eat I'm going to be inside you again."

With his grip on her ass, he lifted her up and tossed her to the bed. She let out a little squeal, giggling as Daniel followed her down.

"Now, I wonder if I can have you screaming in pleasure in no time."

She opened her legs not prepared to argue with his skill.

Daniel skimmed his hands up the inside of her thighs to rest on her pu**y. He slid a finger within her core, spreading the digits out to stretch her. Dawn moaned, loving the thickness of his fingers but wishing it was his c**k instead. He moved from her cunt to stroke her clit.

She whimpered as the pleasure took her by surprise.

He'd brought her to orgasm less than half an hour ago, and already she was begging for a second. Daniel showed no signs of slowing down. His own orgasm of thirty minutes ago hadn't stopped him from getting hard once again.

"I'm going to f**k you hard and have you screaming my name." He spoke the words as a promise more than anything else.

"Please," she said, begging him. Daniel pinched her cl*t with his nails, and the pain was instant as was her arousal. She'd never felt something so amazing before in her life as the jolt of pain enhancing the pleasure he was creating with his fingers.

"You feel that?"

"Yes, don't stop please."

One of his hands left her leg, and the next second she felt his c**k at her entrance. He eased the first inch within her as he pinched and tapped her clit.

"You're so f**king tight," he said, growling the words against her lips. He sucked her bottom lip into his mouth, biting on the flesh. Each little jolt of pain heightened her pleasure. "I can smell you, Dawn. You're so aroused, and you can feel the pain."

"Yes, it feels so good. Please, don't stop, Sir." She didn't mind begging so long as he never stopped what he was doing. Dawn didn't want this kind of pleasure to end.

He slammed within her and continued to pinch her clit. She closed her eyes, relishing each new sensation as he f**ked and loved her body hard. She gripped his arms, wanting everything he had to offer.

Mates, lovers, marriage.

She was going to have it all with him. No more fear or worry when it came to her future and knowing that excited her. She thrust up to meet him, f**king his c**k as he pounded inside her. He released her cl*t to grip her hips. There was nowhere else for her to go. She rode him as hard as he rode her.

The connection between their wolves opened up, and Dawn felt him. It was the strangest experience in her life but she felt Daniel, his wolf, his feelings.

"I've got you, baby. Do you feel that? Our wolves crave each other the same way we do. This is what was supposed to happen."

"Yes," she said, responding to his words. Their wolves were destined for each other. She felt it deep in her soul. Daniel wasn't only her mate, her Master, and the man she loved, he was her soul mate, the one born to match her in all things.

When their orgasms came, it was explosive. She wrapped her body around him, holding him tightly as their bodies pulsed together, awakened by their new connection for each other.

His cum filled her as she washed his c**k with her own. Their minds mingled together, coming almost as one.

"What's happening?" she asked, feeling so much more from being with him.

"We're mating and bonding, baby. This is what it means to be a true alpha couple."

She'd found the one, and no matter what it took, Dawn was never going to let him go.

Chapter Nine

Daniel watched as Dawn blew across her coffee. They were going out for a run shortly, but she'd tried to swallow down the hot liquid he gave her. She'd screamed in pain and now was having to blow before sipping the steaming coffee. Their bond was helping to secure the feelings that had gotten lost during her transition.

"What did your mom do to you during your first transition?" he asked. He was sitting on the table beside her, resting his feet on the chair as he stared. "I know you don't want to remember those kinds of memories, but I think it will do you good."

She took another hesitant sip of her drink. "This is strange for me," she said. "I've never had to be overly cautious before. I like it."

He waited knowing it was taking her some time to compose herself.

"Dad was busy handling a pack dispute over some woman or something. I don't know exactly what, but he wasn't around. Mom made some excuse, and I was taken into the woods where our pack is close. All packs are near some areas that allow us to run freely."

The newly opened connection between them allowed him to sense the pain within her, the emotional pain she kept locked up when it came to her parent. "What happened?"

"Before the transition happened she ordered everyone to stay clear of the woods because I was going to be there. We were alone, and she chained me to a tree using thick silver chains. The pain was unlike anything I can remember. There were times I thought she hated me, and in that moment, I knew she did. She despised me because I posed a threat to her. I don't know how or even why I posed a threat, but she made sure I knew how much she hated me." She pushed some hair that had fallen off her face.

Anger spread throughout him imagining a young, terrified girl as she was going through her first transition.

"She kept me there, watching as my bones broke. There was no help or comfort. She watched, taunting me and my wolf, breaking me down. I don't know why she was so determined to make my wolf terrified of her."

"Did your mother win her role within the pack, or was it natural?" he asked.

"She fought to be the strongest female, and she trains daily to make sure no one can defeat her."

He rubbed his temples. "In rare cases a young wolf born to an alpha male and a strong female can inherit alpha traits that mean when she's fully transitioned, her wolf will fight to take her place as head alpha female or could even be voted to take the place as alpha female. In some packs, the alpha pair doesn't have to be mated."

"You think my mom was scared of this and so she scared my wolf to submission?"

"You're a natural submissive, but your wolf is strong. I've felt her even though she's been squashed for some time. I think your mother was determined to break your spirit from the start. It would be humiliating for her if her daughter had a natural higher rank within the pack." He wanted to hurt this woman, break her down and hurt her just like she'd hurt his woman.

"I wasn't allowed food or water. She beat me with chains as I transitioned. Each time my wolf appeared she'd beat me. It was like a constant punishment. If I didn't turn, she beat me, and once my wolf came out, she beat it. I didn't know what to do."

When he met this woman it was going to take all of his strength not to kill her.

"Around day four of the transition my father was getting nervous. I sensed him close, but I couldn't beg him for help. I heard my mother consoling him, acting like the caring mother. When she came back, she knew it was over. I'd finally transitioned, and something snapped in my head. The chains she was using no longer hurt. She hit me, but it didn't hurt." Sweat dotted Dawn's forehead, and he used a clean towel to wipe her brow.

"Nothing is going to hurt you here, baby. I'm here, and I'm never letting another person come near you."

"I was scared of her, and I didn't say anything. My dad asked about the turning, and I stayed quiet. My mother would find times when I let my guard down and she'd hurt me, or at least believe she hurt me."

He tightened his hands into fists thinking of all the ways Dawn had been hurt.

"What was the worst?" he asked.

"Three years ago, I was making dinner for Dad, but he had to go out. She accused me of trying to take her spot, and she grabbed my arm. Before I could stop her, she forced my hand into the boiling water." Dawn smiled even as her eyes filled with tears. "I sickened her. She expected me to scream. I knew something was wrong as I didn't feel anything and yet my skin was growing tight. My mom backed off, and I withdrew my hand. It was red, scalded, but I was healing. I heal so quickly. I remember her asking me what the hell I was." He took hold of her hand, offering her comfort when she didn't need it. "I didn't respond, but I asked her what else she wanted to do to me seeing as I no longer felt anything she did."

"Stubborn even to a woman who could have hurt you." He cupped her cheek, caressing her with his thumb. "You've got to learn to take care of yourself."

"I didn't mean to say anything. The words slipped out, and the next thing I knew, she didn't want me at home. She made life uncomfortable but made sure none of the pack wanted to be around me. My father is so busy, and he doesn't see what's going on, but he told her I wasn't going anywhere until I was mated."

He couldn't bear to hear her say anything more. Wrapping his arms around her, he kissed the top of her head. "My pack will love you, and I promise you, you'll want for nothing."

"I love you, Daniel. I don't care about what the pack thinks."

The sun was setting outside, and he wanted her to see the beauty of his land. "Come on," he said, taking her hand. He led the way out to the night. They were both na**d as they walked together.

They were going to face the world together, and the pack was going to love her. When he opened the connection he had with the pack, he sensed their curiosity about her. Jake was finally accepting her within their pack and had called him to voice his acceptance of his mate.

Daniel was proud of the pack he ran with. None of them knew the true pain Dawn had gone through to make it here. Staring at the sunset, he was more interested in looking at Dawn. Her brown hair was pulled up on top of her head.

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

"Your house is truly beautiful. This is a dream. I always had this dream growing up of something like this. Do you think it was fate, giving me hope to fight back?"

"I don't know what it is, but I'm so pleased you listened and didn't give in." He squeezed her hand a little tighter.

"I'll never give in. I'm a lot stronger than I look." She squeezed him back.

"Come on." He took the lead, walking toward the forest. The full moon was high in the sky, and the need to change was strong. He held it off, determined to ease Dawn into their first change together. "Do you want to do it in private?" he asked.

"No need. Turning into a wolf hasn't hurt me since that first time." She released his hand, standing away from him. He watched in amazement as her body changed and within seconds a black, cute wolf stared back at him.

Daniel didn't waste any time turning into his dark amber wolf.

"Nice," Dawn said, admiring him. "I didn't think you'd be that big."

"Baby, you've not seen anything yet."

She bumped him playfully before taking off for the forest.

"Alpha, I can feel her. She's strong." The thought came from Jake who was not far from the house. The pack was out in force, but he'd ordered them to stay away from the house. He was keeping Dawn close to the house, and he didn't want any of them scaring her. They were a new pack to her, and he wanted them in human form to meet her.

"She's far more than just strong. She's perfect, and she's going to be my mate."

"The pack is behind you. We'll protect her and you. We're all keeping our distance."

Daniel took off, following his woman deep into the forest. She was playing with him. He smelled her happiness on the air.

"I can hear you," he said.

"You can hear my thoughts, but can you find me?"

"Are you challenging me, pet?"

"You're not my Dom here."

"I'm your alpha."

"Then catch me, alpha. Show me who's boss." He ran through some trees knowing she was close. The scent of her intensified, getting stronger with every step he took.

"Got you." Dawn leapt at him, but he sensed where she was. He caught her, taking her to the floor beneath him.

"No, pet, I've got you like I've always got you." He licked her nuzzle.

"Ew, gross."

He chuckled and released her, watching her get to her feet. Together they ran around the forest, taking in the full moon together.

"I can feel your pack. I know they're here."

Daniel paused, staring at her.

"I don't mind. This is their forest. Are they happy I'm here?"

She couldn't sense their acceptance because she was part of another pack. When they finished their mating, she'd only be able to sense his own pack rather than her father's.

"Jake says so. I want you to meet the pack when you're ready."

"Then we should call them to meet us at the house tomorrow. I'd love to meet them to see if they'll accept me into their fold."

Daniel growled. "They'll accept you because I f**king tell them to."

"That's not how it works, and you know it."

He leapt into the air, catching her on the floor once again. Daniel turned back into a human as did Dawn turned back as well. She was laughing at him. "You caught me again, Sir."

"You better believe it."

"So are we going to complete the mating today?" she asked.

The mark on her neck had faded a little. He wanted that mark to last for others to see his claim. The only way for that mark to stay was for her to lay her mark on his flesh at the same time. They were true mates, and all it would take was one time. Their mating would cause pain and pleasure, coming together in an explosion. The connection to her old pack would be severed, and the pack would feel Dawn as his woman, part of his pack.

"What if I can't feel pain anymore?" she asked.

"I don't care, Dawn. I'll have you feeling pain or not. You're perfect to me, and I love you with all my heart." He brought her hand to his chest. "It's never going to change and neither are my feelings for you. Are you ready to become my mate? Your father will feel you being torn from him."

She was silent for several seconds.

"Yes, I'm ready to become yours in all ways possible." She leaned up and kissed him.

"We'll have to deal with your father."

"I don't care, Daniel, so long as I'm with you and you remain my Master. I'm ready to move on and leave my old pack behind." Sitting up, he pulled her to straddle him.

She wrapped her legs around his waist, and he placed a hand to her back. His c**k was ready to be inside her.

"You're the one in control," he said, leaving the claiming up to her.

****

Dawn gripped the base of his c**k and slowly lowered herself over his rock hard length. She felt every inch of him sinking inside her, and she took her time to take all of him. Once every inch was inside her, she blew out a breath and stared into his eyes. The dark amber of his eyes flashed showing how close his wolf was to the surface.

"Be careful, baby, I'm holding on by a thread."

"Then hold on because I don't intend for this to last very long."

She squeezed his c**k with her pu**y walls, kissing his lips then sliding down to suck on his pulse. Daniel did the same to her, and they touched each other. The moon shone down through the clouds, shining on them. The power of the moon had goosebumps erupting over her flesh as she felt the claiming start to take over.

Her teeth turned, sharpening into canines. She sank her teeth into his neck tasting his blood flowing into her mouth.

Dawn cried out as he struck hard, sinking his teeth into her neck. The mating scent came from him, swirling around them as they drank and f**ked. The hands at her back held her tighter.

The combination of pleasure and pain took over coming faster than ever before.

She closed her eyes trying to ride the pleasure as much as the pain.

"Hey, baby, I'm here."

The final link to Daniel's pack opened up. She felt the sudden excruciating pain as she was torn from her father's hold. Dawn felt her father wake up as she pulled away from him. She went willingly into Daniel's pack, feeling his love and warmth fill her where her father's pack never had.

He f**ked her hard, and she retracted her teeth, moaning as his c**k filled her.

"I'm not going to last, baby."

"I don't care. Fuck me."

She reached down, stroking her cl*t as Daniel grunted. He released a howl out into the night, and his call was answered by several more. His pack had gained a new member, and in doing so, he'd gained a mate.

Their release mingled on the air. The pain of his mark along with the pleasure of his cum filled her.

"I can feel pain," she said, chuckling. Dawn collapsed against him, exhausted from the heat of the claiming.

"Your cell phone is going to be buzzing. Your father's not going to be happy I've taken you away."

She smiled against his chest. "I'm so happy. I've never been this happy before."

"Good, you're going to learn to be happier."

He stroked her back, and when he lay down, she went with him. His c**k stayed still within her.

"I don't want to move from this spot."

"Neither do I." He cupped the back of her neck then glided down to grip her ass. "We're safe here until morning."

"You don't have any poachers?"

"No, I don't have anything that will put you at risk. Jake will take care of us."

"You're so sure of that?"

"Jake promised to take care of both of us. He's never backed down from a promise." He kissed her cheek. "I can't move right now. I never knew a mating would be like this."

"I can feel you, Daniel."

"And I can feel you. We'll deal with everything else in the morning. For now, I just want to hold and love you."

She kept her head on his chest staring at the forest floor. The smells and sounds comforted her. Time passed, and throughout it all, Daniel held her. They didn't speak as words were not necessary. Slowly, she felt her eyes begin to droop as sleep started to claim her.

The next thing Dawn knew it was light, and she opened her eyes to find a rabbit staring at her. She smiled at seeing the cute forest animal.

"I remember a time when rabbits would run away scared of me," Daniel said. His voice vibrated through her body.

"He's a cutie pie."

"If he doesn't move he's going to end up in a pie."

She jerked up and slapped at his chest. "Don't be rude." The action finally alarmed the rabbit, and he took off.

Smiling, Dawn looked down at her mate. Blood covered some of his chest from her bite. She'd not been the best marker. Glancing at the front of her body, she frowned. "Ew, I look like I've been a round with a vampire and lost." She looked a mess and hated to think what she looked like in the mirror. There were small bruises on her h*ps that hadn't disappeared.

"Our mating marks will last longer. The bite on your neck will remain permanently. The bruises will fade in a few hours."

"I don't care how long they last. I love having your mark on my body." Throughout the night his c**k had slipped free of her pu**y, but he was newly rock hard. "I think we can start the morning off well," she said, rubbing his nose with her own.

"I wouldn't," another man said, coming from the left. She frowned, trying to place his voice as she didn't recognize it.

"What is it, Jake?" Daniel asked, pulling her down to him.

"The pack is waiting to meet your mate. They're all at the house. Also, her cell phone has been going off throughout the night."

Her cell phone was tossed close to her on the forest floor.

She glanced at it, and it started to buzz. Picking the phone up, she flicked it open to see "Daddy calling" on the screen.

"I better answer this." She sat on his waist and accepted the call.

"I don't care what you say, Francie, I'm talking to her," her father said, talking to her mom.

"Hey, Dad," she said, staring into Daniel's eyes. He helped to ease her troubled thoughts.

"Honey, what the hell is going on? I can't feel you anymore. I don't understand what's going on?"

She tucked some hair behind her ear as Daniel took hold of her hand, stopping her.

"I've, erm, I've found my mate." She smiled down at Daniel, loving the fact she was mated. "His name is Daniel, and he's the man I've been staying with."

"What? You didn't tell me you were seeing anyone. Who is this Daniel?"

"He's probably some weakling, Don. Let her go." Her mother spoke up trying to be heard.

"Shut up." Her father growled at her mother. Dawn winced knowing her mother would find some excuse to blame her. "Dawn, what's going on?"

"Daniel's an alpha, Dad. We're mated, and we completed the mating last night. He really wants to meet you." She kept her palm over Daniel's heart, feeling it beat.

"He's an alpha?" her father asked.

She noticed her mother went silent.

"Yeah, he's perfect, and I love him."

Daniel took the phone from her. "This is Daniel. It's a pleasure to finally hear from you, Mr. Weldon. I've got some issues I want to talk to you about."

"Be careful how you talk to me, boy."

She listened as her father growled back at Daniel. It was strange hearing her father annoyed or arguing with another alpha. She was rarely around for his anger.

"We're going to meet. Dawn and I are coming to your pack this afternoon, and we're going to deal with shit I'm not happy about." Daniel pressed a finger to her lips to stop her from arguing with him. "Good, I'll see you there."

"Why did you do that? Daddy doesn't need to know what's going on."

"As far as I'm concerned, he needs to know. What if she's hurting other members of the pack? She kept you quiet, and you're the only daughter to the alpha. You don't know what she'll do next." He cupped her cheek then kissed her lips. "Come on, we've got to get out of here."

"I brought you some clothes. You both look like you stepped out of a horror movie." Clothes landed on the floor beside them. Jake sounded close by.

"You better keep your eyes to yourself," Daniel said, shouting toward his left.

"Don't worry. Your mate's dignity is still intact." Jake moved away from them.

Daniel helped her to her feet. She took his hands, going on her toes to kiss him.

"You're turning into a softie, baby. I don't even recognize my little submissive."

"She's still here, but she might not like a lot of pain." She couldn't help but smile at her statement.

The weight of the world had been lifted off her shoulders all because of Daniel.

"I love you," he said. "I'll take you any way I can get you, and if that means I can only spank you three times instead of four then that's what I'll do." He cupped the back of her neck and tugged her close.

She loved his possessive display and the way he held her.

"Alpha, we're all waiting," Jake said.

Daniel pressed his head against hers. "We're going to have to go."

"Yeah and we can't even enjoy our time together seeing as you organized a meeting with my dad." She shook her head, pulling out of his arms to grab a shirt.

Dawn put the clothes over her body hating the feel of the clothes. It had been days since she last wore any clothes.

"You want to be naked, don't you?" Daniel asked, smirking.

"You did this on purpose."

"Baby, I'll do whatever it takes to get you na**d and have you doing it willingly." He took her hand once they were dressed. "Let's go and see the rest of the pack."

Jake appeared through the trees looking tired.

"You stayed up all night?" she asked.

"Daniel wanted you protected, and I promised to do so." Jake walked beside them out toward the garden. Dawn gasped as she saw all of the cars parked within the grounds. She heard the sounds of the pack inside the house. How was this going to go well? Her mother despised her, her own father didn't see when she was in pain or not, and the only person who truly loved her was Daniel.

"What if they don't like me?" she asked.

"They'll like you, baby, because you make me happy." He stayed by her side as they both walked into the house. The pack all stopped what they were doing and started to converge on the main hall. She took several deep breaths, wishing there was some way to escape from this.

All eyes were on her and Daniel. He stood beside her, lifting up their joined hands for them all to see.

"I would like to introduce you all to my mate. This is Dawn, and she's part of our pack now. She's my mate, and any problems you have, you'll come to one of us. Do any of you have any concerns, questions, or desire to challenge?"

She tensed as he threw it out there for all of them to think about. Her palm grew sweaty as she looked at all the men and women. They truly scared the life out of her. If they all protested there was no way for her to fight them off.

"Actually, can anyone tell me where the sugar is? I can't eat my cereal without sugar. It's too gross."

"Yeah, where's the spaghetti sauce? We're all here and ready to get back to normal, alpha."

Many people started asking questions about something else.

Daniel chuckled. "Everything you need is either in the kitchen or the pantry." He rubbed her neck, and she groaned.

The pack started to move out of the room.

"Alpha, we're happy for you."

They were left alone. Even Jake had wandered off, leaving them.

"See, I told you. You're going to be loved here. Now, it's time for us to go and check out your pack." He kissed her cheek, taking hold of her hand and leading her upstairs. She went with him willingly.

Chapter Ten

Later that evening Daniel sat opposite Dawn's father and mother. He was struck by how cold the house was. Not only was the house cold but so was the pack. The chill filled the room, and it was all coming from one woman, her mother. He watched Don, her father, embrace her.

"Honey, I missed you, darling." He kissed her cheek, hugging her close. This man was so busy he didn't even see what was happening to his own pack. The excuse was pitiful at best. Dawn had been subjected to pain and torture because of her mother.

"Hey, Daddy," Dawn said, smiling.

She didn't look toward her mother, and neither did her father.

"You're all mated now. Wow, when did you grow up? It doesn't feel ten minutes ago since you were born." Don held her hand, the love shining from his eyes as he looked at her. "When I felt you being torn from me, I panicked. I've never experienced anything so awful."

"Don, please, she's a big girl. It's time to let her go. You should have let her go a long time ago," Francie said. Her mother was glaring at Dawn.

Daniel saw the anger, the fear, and the disgust within her mother's eyes. There was also envy along with jealousy. So many emotions coming from her mother but she wasn't a true alpha, as otherwise she'd have kept those emotions locked up tight.

"Stop it, Francie." Don glared at her, but the smile returned to his face when he looked at his daughter.

"You're always so busy with the pack, Daddy. You never really saw I was growing up."

"No, I didn't see a lot, did I? There are times I feel like I lost time with you, honey. I'm going to miss you." He turned to look at Daniel. "I don't suppose you'll let her visit me often, would you? I'm going to miss my baby."

Daniel tensed, seeing the glee in Francie's eyes. Yeah, he wasn't going to be letting his woman anywhere near this bitch.

"I can't allow her to come here unattended, Don. I'm sure you can understand seeing as her tormentor and abuser is still living here."

"Daniel!"

He held his hand up stopping Dawn from speaking.

"No, baby, you're not going to let her get away with this shit for much longer. I'm done and I can see he loves you very much, but I'm not going to let her get away with it."

Francie started to panic.

"What the hell are you talking about? My daughter has never been abused." Don growled the words, getting to his feet.

"Your wife, your mate, she's the reason your daughter has been unable to feel any kind of pain. She tortured her during her transition, keeping her chained to trees and beating her when she turned. Your mate tried to break my woman, and for that reason, I can't let her come here while you still have her." He pointed his finger at Francie.

"You can't do this!" Francie started to scream. "You little bitch. You couldn't keep your mouth f**king shut."

Her mother charged toward Dawn. His mate didn't move, twitch, or show any sign of fear. Before Francie got close, Don grabbed her around the waist.

"Is this true? Did you abuse our daughter?" He shook his wife, glaring down at her.

"She deserved it. The little bitch was always getting in to trouble and always running to you. She needed to know her place. This is not her pack. It's mine. Fucking mine."

"Her transition was her most important time. How could you hurt our child, our daughter? What the f**k is wrong with you?" Don's anger filled the room.

Daniel wondered if he knew what was going on in his own pack.

"She was just a way of getting you. You wouldn't have looked at me twice if I didn't get f**king pregnant. The only reason I've got you is because I was f**king pregnant." She spat the words back at Don. "This is my pack. Being your mate is my f**king right. She held alpha qualities. The moment you and the pack saw that, they'd have cast me aside. I wasn't going to let that happen. Bitch needed to be put in her place."

The bile coming from her sickened Daniel, and he had his answer. Dawn was a submissive, but she held the traits that only an alpha possessed.

"You're not my f**king mate." Don released her and stood. "All claim I have to you is over. I refuse to take a mate who can abuse my own daughter." Don turned to look at Dawn. "Is all of this true?"

"Yes," Dawn said, whispering the word.

"She's no daughter of mine. She's a f**king slut. I hate her. It's not fair. She doesn't deserve to have an alpha."

Suddenly, one woman entered the room. Daniel didn't have a clue who she was.

"I would like to make a formal complaint about your mate." The woman dropped her gaze. She was fidgeting with her hands.

Daniel watched in amazement as three more women he didn't know entered the room.

"The first woman is Leah. She cooks for us," Dawn said, whispering against his ear. Daniel didn't know what to make of it as he listened to several women speak against Francie.

Francie was cursing, trying to get to the women.

Don yelled out as he restrained his mate in his arms.

Daniel watched three men walk into the room.

"Take her to the basement. I want her locked in and make sure no one lets her out. I will not have any woman by my side who abuses her own daughter." Don's alpha power stripped Francie of her status, tearing her will from the pack. "We'll be talking with everyone in the pack. I know you were hard on the pack, and I want to know the extent of your supposed help. If you're lucky, you'll end up in jail, and if not, you'll be sent on the hunt."

The hunt was a pack's right to hunt the person who tortured them.

Dawn tightened her hold on his hand.

He turned to look at her. She didn't want to take part in any hunt or decision when it came to her mother.

The rest of the meeting with her father went by with him asking Dawn questions about what happened when she was younger. After a couple of hours Dawn took the lead and told him they had to leave.

Daniel promised to let Dawn visit with her father regularly, but he also made sure she would have a guard with her.

"I can't believe you did that," Dawn said, climbing into the car. "Why did you say anything?"

"Baby, I saw the glee in her eyes. She was going to hurt you whenever you were around her. I wasn't going to let that happen." He pulled away from the pack, happy that Francie was not going to get the chance to hurt anyone else.

"I can't believe Daddy did that," she said. "I thought he loved her."

"No, he didn't. She was a convenience for him, nothing more." Daniel drove back home.

Once inside the grounds, he felt the love of his pack surround him. Glancing at Dawn, he smiled. "Do you feel it?"

"Yes, I feel them. They're all happy for us. There's no jealousy. This is the way a pack is supposed to work." She leaned her head against the car seat. "I love you, Daniel."

"Baby, words can't even begin to describe what I feel for you." He reached out to touch her cheek. "We're going to have an amazing life together."

"Do you promise?" she asked.

"I won't accept anything but amazing."

****

Jake knocked on the window of the car causing her to jump. She'd been so taken by Daniel she hadn't heard anyone approach.

"What's the matter?" Daniel asked, opening his car door.

"I've got a mated couple in your sitting room. She was abused during her transition and was unable to feel pain. You wanted someone for Dawn to talk to, and I've found her." Jake tapped the hood of the car. "Come on, they're waiting to talk to you."

Intrigued, Dawn climbed out of the car and followed Daniel inside the house. She was about to meet someone who couldn't feel any pain. After what her father did to her mother, she didn't know if she was ready for anymore revelations.

Her mate wouldn't let her back out, and before she knew it they were in the sitting room being introduced to a beautiful blonde woman and her mate.

"Hi, I'm Lola, and this is my mate, Ben." The blonde made the introductions, giving them both a smile.

Dawn noticed Lola didn't spend too long noticing Daniel. She didn't like the thought of dealing with jealousy.

"It's great to meet you, Lola."

"Thanks. When Jake put the word out about wolves who couldn't feel pain, I knew I had to respond."

Taking a seat, Dawn crossed her legs and stared at Lola. "You can't feel pain. Please, have a seat." She waved her hands for them to take a seat opposite them. Daniel placed his hand along the back of the sofa, comforting her with his warmth.

"I wasn't very lucky with my parents. My father was a mean drunk, and my mother didn't care. I was hurt regularly growing up." Ben moved in close to rub his nose against Lola's cheek. "During my transition I was beaten because I couldn't leave the house to get food or alcohol for my father. It was the worst time of my life." Lola rubbed her hands down her thighs. "When it was all over everything returned to normal, but I noticed something was wrong about three days afterward. I got my dad the wrong brand of cigarettes, and he started to, erm, to hurt me. I couldn't feel anything. The pain, it wasn't registering. It has been over fifteen years since my transition."

"What did you do?" Dawn asked.

"I ran away from home. Dad started to notice that I wouldn't scream when he broke something. I couldn't feel anything. I was closed off, trapped, and there was nothing I could do to stop those feelings. I heard him arranging a fight for me to star in. A bloody battle to the death. I knew my time was going to be short lived. I took the savings I'd gotten and left." Lola chuckled, tears filling her eyes as she spoke. "I ended up on the streets because I didn't have enough money. Before I knew what was happening, I'd entered myself into the illegal fights. I fought fellow wolves or humans. I've killed a lot of people, and it was during a bad battle that I met Ben."

She smiled at Ben.

"I'm an alpha, and I intended to put an end to it. The moment I saw Lola I knew she was my mate. I also knew there was something different about her," Ben said.

"He took me home, and within a week we were mated. We couldn't control the mating bond." Lola stroked his face. "Afterward, I noticed I could feel pain." Lola turned to look at Dawn. "If I go without sharing blood for any length of time then I my ability to feel pain stops. It all depends on my bond with Ben." Lola touched her mate. The love between the two was pure, heart-warming.

"Has anything been different between you two? What about kids?" Daniel asked.

Ben's grin turned wicked. "We've got four kids back home. Her condition came in handy during the labor. Once you're with her during the first pregnancy, you'll see what I mean. I won't share blood with her for two months before giving birth. I couldn't stand to see her in pain."

"He's a real softy inside. Ben won't let anything happen to me." Lola turned back to look at them. "My condition is not a problem, and it won't be for you either. You're true mates, and he'll keep you safe."

Dawn looked at Daniel, the love of her life. "Thank you."

Lola and Ben stayed for dinner, but they needed to get back in order to keep their kids under some kind of control.

"They run rings around the pack taking care of them."

Dawn stood beside Daniel as they waved goodbye. "What are you thinking?" she asked.

"I can't wait to see you swollen with my child." His hands went around her neck, securing a collar. "Dawn, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife and sub?"

Reaching up, she touched the small piece of jewelry.

Turning into his arms, she held him tightly, smiling. "Nothing would give me greater pleasure." She rubbed her nose against his, chuckling as she did.

Daniel picked her up, but instead of leading her into the house, he started to walk toward the cabin.

"What do you have on your mind, Sir?" she asked. Heat filled her core, spilling from the lips of her pu**y.

"You know what I'm thinking. It's time I punished my little pet before she thinks she can top from the bottom."

He placed her on her feet and turned the light on. Peace and happiness settled over her. Going to her knees, Dawn was ready to become his submissive in all true senses of the word.

Epilogue

Two years later

Dawn sat on the lawn, sucking on a lollipop as Daniel started to bark out orders to the pack. A delivery of nursery equipment was coming today, and he wanted plenty of men on hand to help build it up. There was over seven months until she gave birth, but he was preparing early. She rubbed her slight bump, chuckling.

"You're going to be one loved kid," she said.

In the past two years her life had changed so dramatically. Her mother had been sentenced to the hunt. No one, not even Dawn, knew the true extent of her torture. She'd hurt many of the pack women on a regular basis, but they had been too afraid to go to Don. Since then, her father has been paying more attention to the people rather than the running of the pack to avoid wars.

She visited him often but only with a guard.

Touching the collar around her neck, she couldn't help but smile. Daniel was the perfect Dom, caring, and loving. She loved being his mate, and since their mating, she'd been able to feel.

She learned the hard way not to swallow steaming coffee. Now, at breakfast, Daniel wouldn't give her straight from the pot coffee. He helped her constantly to grow accustomed to actually feeling pain.

"What are you laughing at, pet?" he asked, sitting beside her.

Taking a slice of apple from the picnic basket, she moved between his thighs. "You and your need to have everything perfect." She moaned as he started to rub her shoulders. "That feels good."

He kissed her neck. "There'll be more where that came from." Daniel pressed a hand to her stomach. "I'm going to make sure you're taken care of, Dawn. If that means being prepared for the worst, then so be it."

"You've got three pack females training to be midwives. They've got more important things to do. I'm not giving birth here. I'm going to the nearest hospital to bring this little guy into the world."

"What makes you think it's a boy?" he asked.

"A feeling." She leaned back and smiled up at him. "His Daddy needs him to train."

He chuckled. "I don't care what we have so long as you're here for the growing up."

She kissed his lips as the truck arrived bringing the furniture. "I'll leave you to do your man thing."

"Your ass is so getting a spanking." Daniel left her on the lawn to go and organize their nursery.

Staring up into the sunlight, Dawn couldn't complain about life. She'd gone from feeling ashamed and scared, to embracing every little detail thrown her way.

Later that night, Daniel had showed her who was in charge of their relationship. He strapped her to the bed and spanked her ass until she was screaming for his cock. It didn't matter how much she begged, Daniel would only stop when he was good and ready.

Seven months later, Dawn didn't get her wish of going to the hospital. Little Brady came into the world, screaming, like his mother. She'd decided she wanted to feel every little second of pain of his birth. Daniel held her hand throughout it all. Once Brady was in her arms, the pain was worth it.

However, for the second child, Dawn settled on feeling no pain during her daughter's birth, and Daniel was more than happy with that.

The End

