Prologue

Whizz with Alan

"Do you really think a woman will want you now?"

Whizz pressed his head against the tile floor wishing for some reprieve. His jeans were down to his knees, and he hurt everywhere. Not one part of him was better off than the other. Alan was a sick fuck and delighted in torturing him. Beside his head was the vomit he'd brought up seconds before. All this because Zero couldn't keep his temper. Not that Whizz was pissed. From the look of Alan, Zero had gotten him fucking good, better than good.

"Fuck you!"

He growled as Alan grabbed his hair and pulled his head back. If Whizz had any strength length he'd kill the bastard in front of him. He'd be drugged, beaten ... he couldn't bring himself to think of what else he'd been through. Whizz knew he'd get through this. He got through everything. His time at The Lions had taught him to push the pain down, to ignore what he actually wanted to do. "I already did. Maybe I need to go again. I heard you bikers like your fucking."

Alan let him go, landing a kick to his gut.

The club will come. They'll come for me, and I'll be safe.

What's safe anymore?

Gasping for breath, Whizz didn't want to have to deal with the shit going on inside his head. No one was going to want him, not even the club. Who would want a man who let this happen to him? He certainly didn't. No amount of fighting could undo what happened. He was totally fucked.

"You know, Zero's the one to blame. I wanted him, and yet you're the one that was lying in wait. It's almost as if you wanted me to come and get you." Alan laughed, the sound sinister and echoing around the room. None of the men paid them any attention while Alan beat him. The moment they were alone, Alan became even more evil. There was no escaping the sadistic asshole.

How are you going to survive this?

Whizz kept his eyes closed, trying to think of something, anything that would take him away from this pain.

He thought about the club. Not The Lions. He'd never truly been part of them and had spent more time trying to get away from them. Whizz had done shit for them just like Killer, but he'd never been willing. The shit he'd done was in the past as he'd taken a spot in The Skulls. Tiny was a hard-assed leader, a fine president, and Whizz was loyal to him. He thought about the club, and throughout all the pain it grounded him.

"You really think your club is going to come for you?" Alan asked, drawing him back onto the chair.

Whizz sat down even as it was painful. He was a mess. There was no need for a mirror when the pain was all he needed to know that he was changed forever. Alan certainly liked his knives.

"You can't ignore me." Alan grabbed his hair pulling his head back to slide the knife he held across his neck.

Whizz was past caring. Did he want to die? No, he truly didn't, but he wouldn't beg this sick fucker for his life. Whizz had learned never to beg. Begging didn't garner respect. Begging took everything away. He believed in his club, and he knew it wouldn't be long before they bargained for him. Even if Tiny didn't come through, Killer would, or at least Zero.

Minutes passed, hours, perhaps days. Whizz knew he was dying. The blood loss was starting to become a problem. Through his mind he thought about the club and everything he'd miss. He'd miss Lash and Angel, especially Angel. She was such a sweetheart and rarely saw the bad in people. Lash was overprotective, and it was strange to watch the fierce biker worry over his woman. Murphy, he was like a brother to him, along with Killer. He'd even miss Tate. Her mouth made him laugh at times.

No, he couldn't think about how much he'd miss otherwise he'd never be able to cope with what was truly going on in his life.

He needed to get out.

Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he saw her. The woman with blue hair who had torn his world apart. She wasn't supposed to be here. No, she didn't come into his life until much later.

****

Whizz woke with a start. He was covered in a layer of sweat, and he opened his eyes to see Lacey glaring down at him. She straddled his waist, and he couldn't help but respond to her closeness. From the moment he'd first seen her in that cafe he'd wanted her. She was nothing like any of the other women in the club. Lacey was an entity all of her own, special, and all his.

Seconds passed, and he became aware of the blade she had pressed to his neck. He had left the blade for her to grab on purpose. It had been a week since he'd hurt her by luring her away from the Savage Brothers, to kill the whole of her club while they left her alive. Whizz had wanted Lacey and couldn't bring himself to let her die. They were staying at the club house, and he kept a lock on the door. He was surprised she stayed within the room seeing as she could have easily destroyed the lock.

"You were having a nightmare," she said.

He didn't move. The hand holding the knife against his neck was steady. She wasn't nervous about killing him. He didn't blame her, as he'd helped Tiny take out all of her club, the Savage Brothers, while they'd also been taking care of Gonzalez. Murphy was still in the hospital because of the damage.

"I'm used to them."

Usually he woke up soaked in sweat or with one of the club members shaking him awake. When he did finally wake, they'd take him back to their room where he'd spend the rest of the night wishing his life was different. He should have died when Alan took him. All he'd become was a burden to the club. What kind of life was he really living when he spent it like a child in another's bed?

He moved his hands to her thighs. Tears filled her eyes as she looked at him.

"Are you going to do it?" he asked.

Whizz wasn't angry with her, even though he should be. She could have killed him at any time over the last couple of weeks, even before he'd brought her to the club. Lacey hadn't touched him. The threat was always there, but she didn't go any further other than pressing the blade close. The other day he'd left his gun, and when he walked into the room, he'd expected her to fire the weapon. She hadn't. Lacey, for some reason, couldn't kill him.

"I should. I should kill you for what you did to my club." The tears fell down her cheeks. She wasn't wearing any makeup, and to him, she was more beautiful than ever before. The blue hair covered up her brown locks, but he didn't care. Lacey was a beautiful woman who'd been handed shit all of her life. He'd added to that, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't let her go. It would be easier for the two of them if he just let her go, gave her some money, and sent her on her way. He couldn't do it. Tiny had advised him to get rid of her or claim her. Whizz hadn't claimed her as his whore or as his old lady.

The other club whores were back within the club. Everything was going back to normal apart from the fact they were redecorating the town hall. They'd held a funeral for the three men and two women who'd lost their lives because of the Savage Brothers. Their partners were now working at the club seeing as Tiny took care of everyone within the town of Fort Wills. Anyone who was not part of the club but died because of the club, he made sure they were well compensated with either money or work. They were not part of the club but worked within the compound or where Tiny could get them a job.

"Do you know what I was doing today?" he asked, running his fingers up her thighs. She wore a skirt, one of Angel's, and he started to work the fabric up as he worked. The knife didn't waver from his neck. He was fine with the knife. He didn't have a death wish, nor did he hope for her to use it. At least, he didn't think he wanted her to use it on him.

"No." She started to frown.

"We were paying our respects to the men and women who lost their lives because of your club. Your club ruined the lives of five different families within Fort Wills. Men and women they're never going to get back, loved ones, Lacey."

She pressed the knife harder against his neck.

"Do it," he said, taunting her.

Do you want to die?

"Gonzalez needed to die."

"I don't doubt that. He's dead and gone."

"And so is my club?" The knife shook against his skin, yet she didn't cut him once.

"Why didn't you kill me?" he asked, changing the conversation.

Her frown deepened. All he wanted to do was run his fingers between her brows.

"What?"

"You heard me. We were together a lot, Lacey. I was inside your sweet cunt, and you could have killed me. I was in heaven sliding inside you." Her eyes changed. He watched her eyes dilate even as they were filled with tears. "You could have killed me any time, Lacey. The Savage Brothers were your club, and I wasn't part of your world. Why didn't you kill me?"

She took a breath. Her chest rose and fell, but she shook her head. "You don't know what you're talking about."

"Yeah, I do. Your club wanted Gonzalez, and what was I exactly? I was one of the members standing in your way? Or was I something else? Why didn't you kill me when you had the chance? You had to know we weren't going to let your interference stand. Fort Wills is The Skulls' territory. Everyone knows it."

He pushed the skirt out of the way to find she wasn't wearing any panties. Lacey was soaking wet as he slid his thumb through her slit. She didn't tell him to stop.

"Why, Lacey? Why couldn't you kill me?" He caressed her clit going down to slide a finger deep in her cunt. Whizz had learned a lot about her. It didn't take long to find everything out that he needed once he knew where she came from. Any other information he asked for Butch provided for him. She'd been gang-raped by Gonzalez's men when she was just a little girl. Those men who were dead had torn away her ability to have children. His search had found out that she'd tried to take her life and had failed because of Dalton. Her life had been easy to find and track down. Whizz knew everything that could be recorded apart from what went on her mind and behind closed doors. Had she been with other men? Did she fuck women? What happened after everything she'd been through?

The woman in his arms was not what he expected. Her arms were decorated in ink. It was strange. He'd never wanted a woman covered in ink before. To him, women were supposed to be delicate, feminine, like Angel or Sophia. They epitomized femininity. Lacey was broken, he saw it in her eyes, yet she held femininity within her grasp. The way she walked as she swung her hips from side to side, the fullness of her curves, and her overall person screamed feminine. She was a size sixteen to eighteen, and he'd discovered that because of Angel lending her clothes.

Her size only turned him on more. She was thicker than what was popular, but he loved her curves, gripping onto her fleshy hips as he pounded inside her.

Adding a third finger to her pussy, he pressed his thumb to her nub. "Tell me, Lacey, why didn't you kill me when you had the chance?"

She groaned, dropping the knife onto the bed as she thrust onto his fingers. "Please," she said.

"Answer me." He paused with his finger on her clit.

Lacey stared down at him.

"I'm not going to play until you tell me why you let me live."

She nibbled on her lip, clearly fighting her response. "I couldn't let you die."

"Why?"

"I knew who you were and what you'd been through. Danny got details on all of you."

Whizz felt his gut twisting.

"You knew about Alan?" he asked.

She nodded. "Yes."

He licked his own lips. Whizz should have known that they would do their research. Anyone who tried to take down someone as powerful as Gonzalez would be stupid not to do their homework.

"I knew what you'd been through, and I wanted to see you."

"Because you'd been through something similar?"

"You were the one who looked odd in the group. I only wanted to see why you were part of The Skulls." Her words were filled with attitude as she glared at him.

With quick moves, Whizz pulled his fingers out of her pussy, gripped her hips and changed their positions taking her to the bed. Sliding between her legs he took hold of her hands pressing them above her head. Staring into her green eyes, Whizz found himself falling for her.

"You didn't think that."

"Yeah, I did. Your place is not in The Skulls. Ever since you were hurt you've been useless to the club." She stopped talking as he claimed her lips.

Lacey spilled her words out, clearly trying to hurt him. He saw she was hurting inside. Whizz was responsible for taking away her loved ones, but, God help him, he didn't care. The club came first. His loyalty was to the club, and he'd played his part. Tiny allowed him to keep Lacey for his own even though he didn't agree. She didn't mean any of the words she spoke. Whizz knew her enough to see she was lying. She wouldn't meet his gaze, and she lay limp within his arms. When Lacey meant what she said, she fought with everything she was. The words coming out of her mouth now were exactly that, words. They were empty and meant absolutely nothing.

He kissed down to her ear, sucking in her flesh.

She moaned, arching up against him. Biting her ear, he made sure she could hear him. "You're lying to me, Lacey." His proof came as she tensed underneath him. "I believe you sought me out by accident. You didn't know I was at the coffee shop when you were. Once you saw me, you saw yourself. We've both been hurt in the past that we didn't deserve. You wanted to talk to someone who wouldn't see the broken, raped, little girl. That's all Dalton and Danny saw when they looked at you. You were not a woman to them but something that needed to be fixed. When you look at me, you don't see me broken. We're survivors, Lacey, and for once you wanted to be seen as a woman. I was there. You knew I wouldn't hurt you. If you did your research you knew how I care." He stopped talking to lick the pulse beating rapidly against his tongue. She gasped. The feminine sound filled his senses. "You looked at me, and you wanted to be treated like a woman. You wanted a cock thrusting inside you without fear. I didn't know you or what you'd been through. I only saw a woman, and you loved that. It's why you kept coming back for more. You came back for my cock and what I can give you, nothing else."

He pulled back to look into her eyes.

"I see a woman, Lacey. I know what happened to you in the past. The broken girl, I've seen the files of what happened, and I know you'll never give birth. For everything you've been through, I'm sorry, but I can only see the woman I had my cock inside. I want your pussy, Lacey, and I'm going to have it again, and you're going to let me." He climbed from between her thighs.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Whizz smiled. His cock stood out in his sweat pants. The tip was leaking pre-cum, but he wasn't going to give into what he wanted.

"I'm going to get something to eat." It was morning, and he was starving.

"You're not going to fuck me?"

"No."

"Why not? I can see you want to." She pointed at the evidence. He raised a brow waiting for her to continue. "You say you only see the woman, and yet you're the one leaving now."

He closed the distance between them, sinking his fingers into her hair. The hand that had been inside her pussy, he brought to his lips and sucked the taste of her off. "When I take your pussy again, Lacey-and I will-we're not going to start it off with you holding a knife to my fucking neck."

Spinning on his heel, he left his bedroom, locking the door behind him. Baker was walking down the hall. One of the sweet-butts was trying to catch up with him.

"Baker, please," she said, whimpering.

"One fuck is not going to make you mine. Get the fuck away from me." Baker stopped when he saw Whizz.

"Don't let me bother you. I've got a problem of my own." Whizz walked toward the nearest available bathroom and locked the door. Staring at his reflection, he tilted his head back to see there was no sign the knife had been held to his neck. If the club knew she'd held a knife to his throat, they'd chain her up in the warehouse on the outskirts of Fort Wills. No one threatened the club and got away with it. Lacey wasn't going to do anything.

Running the shower, he climbed in after removing his pants. Taking his cock in hand he closed his eyes as he imagined being inside Lacey's nice warm cunt. Within seconds he spilled his seed and watched the cum go down the drain. Resting his head against the cold tile beneath his head, he knew it was only a matter of time before he claimed her. Every time he was with Lacey, he wanted her. She was like a drug and he an addict. They were both broken, and yet together they would be perfect for each other.

****

Collapsing to the bed, Lacey allowed the tears to finally fall. The scent of Whizz surrounded her. The bed smelled like him, and she found herself lying down on the bed more and more. Ever since she'd followed him back to the clubhouse on the same day that they killed her club she'd not been allowed to leave his room. Part of her didn't mind. She didn't know what she'd do if she saw the men responsible for taking her club away from her. Whizz provided well for her even though she was in his room. Another part of her was going crazy. She'd not been locked in one space for so long in a long time. The last time she'd been shut away without being allowed to leave wasn't long after Gonzalez senior had destroyed the original club.

Whizz's computers filled one wall of his bedroom. She didn't do well with technology, and the best she'd done was accessing his games that kept her entertained. He streamed movies into the room, and told her how to access them. She'd watched no end of movies while in his room, not to mention television shows. He brought her breakfast, lunch, and dinner, including snacks to keep her entertained. To help her sleep, she'd started using his exercise equipment in the corner. She wasn't getting out much, and doing very little meant she was struggling to sleep. The exercise equipment kept some control over her weight. Whizz was huge, his muscles thick and rock hard. She'd tried to find an ounce of fat on him and yet came away with nothing. He was pure muscle, hard-assed, and she still couldn't kill him. The other day he'd brought her an e-reader to start downloading books. She'd never been a big reader and so that was left on the cabinet by the door. Books were useless to her. She'd never found pleasure in trying to escape in books.

At night, she fell asleep alone, but some point throughout the night he'd join her. She'd wake in the morning with his arms wrapped around her. Lacey hated how much she loved sleeping beside him. She felt like a traitor to the club if she gave into him. The Savage Brothers deserved something better than her giving into Whizz.

He stopped you from dying.

She cut all thought off. Thinking about Whizz and what he did left her feeling thankful as well as guilty. Her club should have known to get out of town. Instead they waited for her to do what she always did, and look what happened. They'd died because she needed to see Whizz one more time. After they ran out of the town hall she'd gone back home with Dalton and Danny. She'd packed her bags but then headed to the door. For some reason she couldn't bring herself to leave Butch at the mercy of the club. She'd been there long enough to see The Skulls' anger directed at the brother. Dalton had begged her to walk away, but she'd told him she couldn't. Butch had been one of them at some point, and she couldn't leave him to take the fall.

Both men agreed to wait until she got back. After she told the truth she'd waited for Whizz, followed him back to the clubhouse. Her own selfishness was what killed the club. She had needed one more chance to see Whizz. If only she could have one more glimpse of him, and for him not to hate her then she would have been fine. What she wanted, needed, had killed the club.

The guilt was unlike anything she'd ever felt before, and she'd been through a lot of crap to get to where she was today. Her pussy was on fire from Whizz's touch. She hated him yet craved his touch as if she was starving for it.

Standing up, she moved away from the bed going through to his bathroom. His bathroom was covered in black tiles. The only splash of color was from the light and silver of the fixings within the bathroom.

She flicked the switch, lighting up the bathroom. There was no window for her look out of. The bedroom only had one window that overlooked the front of the compound. She'd stood behind the curtain watching the kids play when they'd been at the clubhouse. Eva spent a great deal of time at the clubhouse as did the other women. She was surprised by how much of a family they were. No one was turned away even when the sweet-butts appeared. Her club never had a clubhouse or sweet-butts. She wasn't a fool. She knew Dalton and Danny, along with all of the other men, took their pleasure in the women on the road. They'd moved around so often she couldn't even think of a place where they put down roots. Fort Wills was the longest time they stayed in one place. She'd not celebrated Christmas since she was a kid.

Lacey stared at her reflection. Dropping her head forward she saw her natural brown hair was starting to show through. She'd have to ask Whizz to get her a hair dye.

Pushing hair off her face, she stared at her reflection. With Whizz knowing the truth she didn't need to cover the ink that decorated her arms.

Glancing down at her wrists, she touched the mark on her left wrist. It had been a pathetic attempt, but when she'd been digging into her skin, she truly wanted to die.

She released her hands to hold onto the edge of the sink. Closing her eyes she tried to force all the memories out of her head, but it wasn't going to happen.

****

Lacey, age sixteen

Opening her eyes to the beeping of the machine, Lacey groaned, turning her head this way and that. Lifting her hands to her face, she frowned as they felt hard to the touch. Pulling her hand away she saw they were bound in white bandages.

"What the fuck were you thinking?" Dalton asked, drawing her attention to beside her bed. He sat in the chair with his hands clasped together in between his legs.

"What?"

His eyes were red as if he'd been crying. Dalton was tall and had yet to fill out. She always felt that, when it came to him, a good wind would knock him over.

"You know what. What the fuck were you thinking, Lacey? You were just going to die on me?"

Guilt ate at her. The truth was, she hadn't even given him a thought. She just wanted it to end. Night after night she went to sleep dreaming the same thing, remembering the same pain. She couldn't have kids because of mistakes her parents made and those of the Savage Brothers.

"Do you even care about me at all?" he asked, standing to his feet.

She didn't want to deal with this. "Where's Danny?" Her throat was so dry her words came out croaked.

"Why? So you can get him to get rid of me? I'm not going anywhere, Lacey. I refuse to." He lifted her hand up for her to see. "You could have died."

"So?"

"So?" Tears filled his eyes and started to fall. "What do you mean so? You can't mean that."

"It hurts all the time, Dalton. I can't sleep through the night without waking up in fear. The door knocks, and I get scared. I pass men who walk like they did, and I get scared."

"Do you think I don't get scared? I was there. I saw what those fucking animals did to you."

"It's all you see."

He reached out to touch her face, but she couldn't handle his touch.

"Lacey?"

"I just wanted it to stop."

Dalton touched her face, forcing her to look at him. "If you take your life and I'm not there in time to save you, I'll follow you."

She gasped. "What?"

"You heard me. If I can't save you then I'll join you."

Lacey shook her head. "You wouldn't."

"I would. I'm not going to live this life without you. I carried you to the hospital. I helped bring you back. I'm responsible for you, and I'm not going to turn my back on you."

****

Pulling out of the memory, Lacey collapsed to her knees on the floor. She couldn't do it if it was reversed. Lacey was weak as she didn't want to die enough to join the man who'd saved her at every turn. At thirty years old, there was no one she loved, yet she craved the touch of a man who'd taken it all away. She covered her face, shame consuming her, and she curled up in a ball in the hope of keeping all the bad memories away.

Chapter One

Whizz entered the kitchen to find Angel standing at the stove with Eva working around her. Six children sat at the large table throwing food at each other. He ducked as a maple syrup covered pancake was launched past his head.

"Tabitha, stop it," Eva said, going red in the face.

Miles started laughing, as did Anthony. Simon, Tate's son, was avidly watching the chaos unfolding.

"You said they'd eat the pancakes," Angel said, looking guilty.

"I thought they would."

"Simon!" Tabitha screamed the name.

"What's going on?" Whizz said.

Michael, Alex's son, was sitting in the corner eating his pancakes. The little guy looked so sad. Alex sat beside his son trying to talk to him. No one answered Whizz's question. Seconds passed with the noise getting louder than ever. Whizz was just about to leave when Michael scraping back his chair brought the noise to a stop.

"I hate you!" he yelled at Alex before storming off. The rest of the kids finally decided to be quiet as Eva glared at all of them. Alex slumped down in his seat, looking defeated.

"What was that about?" Whizz asked, deciding to stay away from the kids and frazzled women.

"Not a lot." Alex was staring at the door the boy had vacated.

"You're telling me that attitude is because of nothing?" Whizz took a seat beside the other man. Alex had become a father unexpectedly a year ago. None of the club knew that he'd been with a woman until Cheryl started dating Butch. Alex hadn't claimed her, but he'd become a father to Michael. In some strange way their dynamic worked. Whizz didn't know how it was working with Butch in hospital recovering from his wounds.

"He wants to visit Butch. I don't want him anywhere near Butch. Cheryl and I aren't talking right now. She blames me for everything that went down." He ran fingers through his hair. Alex suddenly looked old. The other man had a part within the club even though he'd been in Vegas for a great deal of time running a casino. Since finding out about his son, Alex had turned the casino over to a guy he trusted who ran the main bulk of their affairs. Alex did everything he could from Fort Wills.

"Why won't you let him?" Whizz asked. Butch was still a stepfather to the kid and been in his life a little longer than Alex.

"Look, it was my idea him working for Gonzalez, okay? Tiny and I agreed it would help us. I didn't tell him to start feeding information to the Savage Brothers. I thought they were fucking dead, wiped out by Gonzalez's old man." Alex leaned back in his chair, staring across the room at the other kids. "I don't want him around Butch. How can we fucking trust him?"

Before Whizz could respond Cheryl charged into the room. She didn't stop until she was in front of Alex. "How fucking dare you tell Michael he can't see Butch?" She raised her hand and landed a slap across Alex's face.

Whizz stood as Alex got to his feet. He'd never seen Alex lose it, but the way he was shooting fire at Cheryl, he looked ready to snap. The tension left from Gonzalez was still in the air.

"Alex, cool it. She's Butch's." Whizz tried to warn the man.

"Butch nearly got us all fucking killed because he was too fucking stupid. He kept shit to himself when he should have told us. I don't want my son mixed up with him."

Cheryl stepped closer, glaring at Alex. "Butch is more of a father to my son than you are. You're just a fucking sperm donor. Butch did what he had to because you asked him. He got dragged into this shit because of the club. The only person to blame for all of this crap is you. Don't you dare tell my son who he can visit or not."

Alex grabbed her arm as she made to walk off.

"I'm not a sperm donor."

"You're sure as shit nothing else." Cheryl shrugged his arm off.

Whizz was shocked yet impressed. Cheryl had always given off the impression of being a good little girl who wouldn't cause any waves, yet she was proving there was a lot more to her than met the eye. The way she stood up to Alex was something to be admired.

"Fuck, I'm always getting it fucking wrong with her and with him."

"Butch put his life on the line. I don't agree with how he went about it with the Savage Brothers, but he did what he thought was best." At the time Whizz had been so angry. In hindsight he'd seen it from Butch's side. He'd only been trying to help The Skulls yet had felt his loyalty torn. The Savage Brothers were supposed to be dead, and all of a sudden Butch saw his past once again, living and breathing. Whizz couldn't even begin to imagine what was going on in Butch's head. He knew he'd be fucked. Whizz didn't have another club. The Lions were all gone, and before that, his family was dead. He didn't have any enemies or a past. Every part of his past had come through the time he spent at the club. His only real enemy was a full-figured woman with blue hair and guilt. Lacey was his enemy. She was the woman he couldn't hurt.

Alex shook his head. "I've got to go."

Eva started moving the kids out of the kitchen. "Will you clean this up?"

Angel nodded, looking sheepish.

Whizz stayed sat as he watched Angel start to clean away the mess the kids had made.

"They never fail to surprise me," she said, smiling as she cleaned up the mess.

"You're the first woman I know who can smile over maple syrup." Whizz ran fingers through his hair in an attempt to push the length off his face.

"I like cleaning and cooking." She wrung out the cloth and turned to him. "How is your, erm, your lady friend? Is she okay? Does she need more clothes?"

Whizz cursed. "I need to get some food otherwise she's going to start thinking I forgot about her."

"I'll make her something." Angel finished clearing away the mess and started looking in the cupboards. Out of all of the women Angel was the sweetest.

"Lacey's doing fine," Whizz said.

She stopped, holding a box of baking powder in her grip. Angel turned toward him. "Are you sure? She lost her whole club."

Whizz frowned. "How do you know what happened?"

"Lash, he told me what happened. He usually doesn't like talking about the club. With everything that happened, he wanted to talk about it. I was there as well, at the hospital when Lacey first arrived." She offered a smile.

Angel's sweetness was refreshing. The years she'd been within the club married to Lash hadn't really changed her. She was innocence through and through, yet she could stick up for herself. Whizz saw she was no longer skittish around the club. If anything, the club looked more her domain than ever before.

"It's okay. I don't mind Lash talking about what happened. It was fucking strange." Whizz looked past her shoulder as she started working. "She's going to be fine. I've got to believe that even though she's going through so much."

"She lost her club. You've got to remember that."

He'd never forget what she lost. He had been there and had helped her lose the club. Whizz had played his part in the scheme of things.

"How's everyone doing?" Gash asked, entering the kitchen. On his arm was a little raven haired siren. She looked in her early twenties and had been at the club for the last couple of months. Whizz recalled her trying to get into his bed, but he really wasn't interested. For the life of him he couldn't remember her name.

"Good," Angel said, keeping her back to them.

She started working up some pancakes for Lacey. Pancakes with bacon and maple syrup were Angel's specialty. She really was a good cook, a fantastic cook. Whizz loved it when he found Angel in the kitchen. Whenever she was at the clubhouse everyone ate well.

Whizz nodded.

"Come on, Gash, I can make it worth your while."

"I'm not interested, Raven," Gash said. He took a seat at the table with the sweet-butt hanging on his arm. "Will you put some pancakes on for me?"

Angel glanced behind her and nodded.

"Why are you paying her attention and not me?" Raven asked, pouting.

Whizz looked at Angel then at Gash. There was nothing going on there. He recalled what the other brothers said about Raven. She was known for being jealous. Steven, one of the brothers who'd gotten voted in some years back, wouldn't have anything to do with her because of her jealous streak. Whizz recalled Steven telling him about it late one night.

"Get the fuck out of here," Gash said, glaring at Raven.

"I really don't understand what the fuck she's got. She's fat, and no one else sees that but me."

Raven hadn't seen Lash enter. Lash had obviously heard enough. Whizz watched as Lash grabbed the back of Raven's neck and pulled her away from Gash.

"I don't give a fuck what your mouth is doing when it's serving other brothers, but you run your mouth against my wife then I've got a problem," Lash said. He looked dangerous. Whizz only ever saw him like this when he was ready to hurt or kill. Raven had fucked up, and from the fear on her face, she knew it.

"Lash-"

Angel stepped closer, but Lash put his hand out, silencing her. "I don't care what's going on, Angel. No one, and I mean fucking no one, mouths off to you or calls you shit like that. I will not stand for it. I don't want to listen to it. Get the fuck out of my sight, Raven. I hear anything else from those fucking lips other than slurping noises, I'm going to fucking hurt you."

Raven scrambled away as Angel turned toward Lash, looking shocked.

"Why did you say that?" Angel said. "That was totally disgusting."

"No one talks to you like that, baby. I won't stand for it." Lash reached out to touch her, but Angel jerked away. "Baby, what are you doing?"

"I don't want you to touch me."

"Angel, I'll always take care of you. You understand that."

She shook her head. "No, I can handle women like Raven. Tiny's going to be giving you the club one day, and I'm going to need to handle myself. I can't have you interfering like that. What you said was wrong, disgusting."

Angel turned away from Lash. In all the years Whizz had known the couple, Lash had never said something like that in front of her before.

Whizz watched as Lash turned to Angel.

"What? I'm a little confused here," he said.

"You can be so damn crude. There was no need to say something like that." Angel's face was scrunched up in disgust. "I don't know who you're turning into." She shook her head. "There's Lacey's pancakes. You can fend for yourselves."

She thrust a plate at Whizz, which he took, before fleeing the room.

"What the fuck did I do?" Lash asked.

The pancakes looked delicious. Seeing no pointing in helping Lash figure out his problem, Whizz took the pancakes upstairs to Lacey. Whizz had never seen Angel react like that before, least of all at Lash. She was sweetness, and she'd clearly seen a side to Lash she didn't like.

****

Lacey listened to the rest of the clubhouse as it started to wake. She heard Murphy and Tate arguing about something across the hall. Murphy had finally got out of hospital even though he'd only suffered minimal damage from a gunshot to the shoulder. Their son Simon was repeating swear words as if they were a second nature to him. The tears had finally stopped, but Lacey couldn't bring herself to get off the floor.

Keeping her face against the cold tile helped her to think.

"What are you going to do, Rose?"

She didn't recognize the voice but knew it had to belong to Hardy. The information the Savage Brothers had gotten on The Skulls was accurate concerning all the people.

"I don't want to talk about this. Please, leave it alone. There's so much going on. We've not got time for this."

Their voices faded. They were all talking loudly because of the hustle and bustle in the clubhouse. The silence in the room helped her to hear the rest of the club. This was something she'd never had with her own.

Wiping a hand down her face, she waited as silence took over. They were gone about their business. She couldn't hear anything else that was going on downstairs.

Was this why Whizz liked being on this floor? He could hear everything?

Swallowing past the lump in her throat, Lacey looked opposite her. The tiles were pristine, not a speck of dust in sight.

The sound of his bedroom door unlocking didn't ease the tension that had built up inside her.

She stared at the doorway into the bathroom. Within seconds Whizz stood over her, staring at her.

"I brought you some food. Angel cooked it. She's worried about you and asked how you were."

Lacey didn't even know the woman and yet Angel was concerned about her. It made no sense to her for another woman who was younger than she was to be worried.

"I'm not hungry." Her stomach chose that moment to protest.

"You're hungry."

"I don't want anything you've brought me." You're being petty, Lacey.

Whizz sighed. "I can't trust any of the other women coming. Your threat this morning stops me. If something happens to Angel, Lash will kill you and castrate me."

She looked up at him. "I wouldn't hurt her."

Lacey wouldn't. She knew enough that Angel was the kind of woman you were friends with. Throughout the whole of her life, she hadn't had a female friend. There was only ever Dalton.

"I don't know that. You keep trying to hurt me, even if you don't actually go through with it."

"Angel's innocent of everything. I wouldn't harm her. It would be like hurting a puppy or kitten." She wiped a hand down her face. Her head was aching from the tears.

"Why are you on the bathroom floor?"

"None of your business."

He let out a breath. "You're going to continue to be stubborn and a brat?"

She stared up at him, licking her suddenly dry lips. "I'm thirty years old, Whizz. The only friend I've ever had is dead."

"Which one was your friend?" he asked, taking a seat on the toilet.

"You're not going to mock me?"

"I'm asking you who was your friend? I'm interested to know about you." His hands were gripped together in exactly the same way as Dalton's had been while she'd been in the hospital.

Placing her hands on her chest, she stared up at Whizz. He looked sincere, and she didn't want to fight him.

"Dalton. He was my best friend."

"The big guy?"

"Yeah." She started to smile. "He wasn't always that big. I mean, he was tall, like really tall but never filled out. For a long time he looked like a good gust of wind would push him over." She stopped talking as the pain hit her hard. "He's dead."

Whizz didn't say anything. She saw his jaw tense at her words.

"He was the one who found me after it happened. After Gonzalez happened. I was a mess. He wouldn't leave me behind. Dalton never left me behind even when I begged him to."

"Was he in love with you?" Whizz asked.

She shook her head. "I think there was a time when he thought he was, but I never loved him like that. He was my brother and my best friend."

Lacey knew Dalton had wanted more from her at one stage. She'd not long turned twenty-one, and his attention had become more intimate. He'd wanted to become hers, but she'd kept away from him. Lacey hadn't wanted anything from him but friendship.

"He's dead."

"No one was left alive, Lacey."

"It's all my fault because I came back to you."

"What?"

She stayed still as she stared at him. "I was selfish. I needed to see you one more time. If I'd not come to you, he'd still be alive."

"No, he wouldn't have been alive. The club was full of fucking idiots, Lacey. They were going to die if you came to me or not. It just so happened I got you out of there alive. Their deaths were not your fault."

She didn't believe him, but his words helped for some strange reason.

Rolling onto her front, she pressed her palm to the tile and started to get up. Whizz stood up with her. He was taller than she was, so she only came to his chest.

"I hate you," she said.

"I know."

She stared at his chest recalling the way he felt against her, not just that morning but the other times they'd been together. Not once had she thought about the club or Dalton. She'd been a woman.

"I need to get out of this room otherwise I'm going to lose my mind."

"I can't let you out. No one trusts you."

"I've been locked up in this room. You need to take me to that house." She stopped talking to grit her teeth. She looked away from him to glance past his shoulder. "I need to see what has happened to it. I need to have closure, Whizz. I need this to suddenly become real."

"Why?"

"Because right now I keep expecting him to walk through that door and it's never going to happen. He's never going to come home."

"Dalton?"

"Yes. He's dead, and I need to know it's over." She fisted her hands at her sides. This was only going to upset her. There was no way anything good could come from her seeing the evidence of their death or the emptiness of what happened.

"There are no bodies, Lacey."

She nodded. "Please, let me go and see. I'll stay handcuffed to you if it'll make you feel better. I need to see."

Whizz stared at her for several seconds. Neither of them spoke or moved. Lacey didn't know what else to say to make him see her point of view.

"I'll go and talk to Tiny. Eat something or I swear I won't take you anywhere."

"I'll eat," she said.

He left, locking the door behind him. Whizz didn't trust her, and she couldn't blame him. She wouldn't trust herself either. This club wasn't just a place for men to get their rocks off.

The Skulls was a family to the core. Tiny united them all within Fort Wills. Would she ever become part of their dynamic? The whole setup seemed too good to be true.

Walking into the bedroom she saw the plate waiting for her.

She picked up the knife and fork. The pancakes were no longer warm. She didn't mind. Lacey ate through the stack while watching the door.

Time passed. She didn't know how much time had passed before Whizz opened the door.

"Tiny has agreed, but we're taking Lash with us."

"Why?"

"Tiny doesn't trust you, and he doesn't want anything to happen to me." He carried a pile of clothing. "Angel gave me this."

Finishing off the last pancake she took the clothes from Whizz, heading into the bedroom.

"Be warned, Lacey, you try anything and Lash has been ordered to kill."

"That's why Lash is coming? You couldn't shoot me?"

"I'm not interested in killing you. I've never wanted to kill you. It's why you're alive today."

She stared at the clothing in her hand then up at Whizz. "If it was left to the other men in the club, they'd have killed me?"

"You risked the club, Lacey. You're a Savage Brother, and you should have died with the rest."

Closing the door, Lacey knew it was because of Whizz that she was still living. Would the other brothers kill her?

Pushing those thoughts from her mind, she quickly stripped down. She needed to get out of the clubhouse and see the reality of her situation.

****

Angel tucked some hair behind her ear as she made her way toward the secluded warehouse where Gash had told her to meet him. She hated doing this behind Lash's back, but this was the only way she could protect herself. He was going into town with Whizz and Lacey. She wished she could go with him, but he'd told her no. Lash didn't want her anywhere near Lacey while she was so unpredictable.

Angel loved him with her whole heart, and the only reason she was doing this was for him. If she'd not married him, fallen for him, she wouldn't need to worry about the future. She wanted more children and to be a real part of the club. There was no way she could do that while being at the mercy of every crazed enemy that rolled through town. She was tired of being afraid of the unknown.

Rubbing her hands together she stood waiting.

"You came?" Gash asked, rounding the corner. He was smoking as he moved toward her.

"I was serious about this. I want to be able to fight and look after myself. The only way I can do that is by getting someone to teach me. Prison wouldn't have been a comfort."

He tilted his head to the side, staring at her.

"What happened this morning bothered you. Raven is nothing but a whore to be used, and you couldn't stand for the bitch to be put in her place."

"Lash was being crude. He can't step in for me."

"Those bitches will walk all over you. You never hear them saying shit to Eva. Lash protects you because you're too fucking sweet for your own good. What are you going to do when Lash finds out?"

"If Lash finds out what we're doing, I'll handle it. He shouldn't be angry. I'm doing this for him." She placed her hands on her hips, waiting for his comeback.

"Is that right?"

"Tiny wants him to step up as club president when the time comes. I'm going to need to fill Eva's shoes. I can't do that while being afraid. I've got a place to earn within the club."

He took several steps toward her. She backed up, terrified.

Gash was taller than she was, stronger. He could hurt her, and no one would have a clue where she was.

Tears sprang to her eyes at the predicament she'd put herself in. Suddenly he stopped moving.

"Shit, you're that scared?"

She shook her head, but she couldn't stop the shaking. "I'm not scared."

"You're shaking, Angel. I'm not the enemy, but you're scared."

"Lash has told me you're unpredictable and that a woman put you in prison for lies."

"He tells you a fucking lot."

Angel swallowed. This was a big mistake, and she said as much.

"Look, I'm not going to hurt you. You were not the bitch who cried rape and murder, okay. I'm not going to hurt you. I happen to like you."

She looked up at him. "I won't sleep with you."

"Okay, it's a pretty big leap from helping you to fight to sleeping with you."

"When I asked for your help you thought I wanted to sleep with you. I don't. I've seen the way you've gone through the sweet-butts, and I've heard the talk."

He placed a hand over her mouth. "We're totally getting off the wrong foot here. For once, Angel, I respect a woman. I've never respected a woman in my life. All of them have a purpose, whether it be as a hole or as a mother. I don't give a shit about them. You, Angel, you're the first woman I respect. I see that you love Lash. You're only wanting this to help him."

She nodded. "I don't want to disappoint him, but I'm tired of being scared. He finds excuses all the time. I can't protect Anthony when he's not there. Lash, I love him and I know he loves me, and I know doing this will hurt him, but I also know I can't do anything else. I can't have Lash worrying about me all the time, which is exactly what he'll do. I need him to be able to trust in me like Tiny does Eva."

"I'm going to help. Come on."

Angel followed Gash inside the warehouse. This was not about going behind Lash's back even though she was having to. All she wanted to do was go and hide. Her love for Lash was absolute, and she wouldn't go back on him. They were a couple and would fight the world together. She hoped when he found out the truth, he saw that she was doing this for him.

Chapter Two

Alex left the clubhouse and headed toward the house he'd bought outside of Fort Wills set back by a small forest. It looked like an old ranch house in the middle of nowhere, but he liked it.

Several months ago he'd hired a young black woman by the name of Sunshine. From the moment he saw her, he knew he couldn't be alone with her. She set his fire burning, and they'd only spoken for two minutes. He'd hired her to take care of his home and to cook. If he was honest with himself he'd hired her so that he wouldn't be lonely. His parents were dead, as was his sister. Besides Tiny and The Skulls, he was alone, completely alone. He had a son that hated him, and Cheryl despised him. There were so many mistakes he'd made in his life, and he was scared. He'd also hired Sunshine as a favor to her parents. There was another element to the deal, but he'd yet to take Sunshine as his own.

Running a hand down his face he parked up the car. His bike was in the garage at the compound. Devil was right about many things. Alex hadn't been part of the club, not really. He knew how to ride a bike, but for so long he'd been hidden behind a desk not having the first clue what to do with the club. It was good Tiny had decided to hand the gavel over to Lash.

Lash was loyal to the club, through and through. Angel had it within her to be a good old lady as well providing she was prepared for the sacrifices ahead of her.

Climbing out of his car, his cell phone went off. Checking the caller he saw it was Tiny on the line.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"Nash stopped by and said you left the clubhouse. Is everything okay?"

This was the first time he'd left the clubhouse in over six months. His room had been lived in more than this house he was staring at. With five bedrooms, three bathrooms, a large kitchen diner, it was a dream home for a family, but for Alex, it was too big. This house reminded him of everything he didn't have. He didn't have a family, and all he did was invade Tiny's. Eva and the kids had nothing to do with him, not really. They weren't related in any way. Tate was his niece and Tiny his friend.

Stop with the moping. This is what you get for the way you live.

He didn't give women a chance or care what they wanted from him. All he ever cared about was work and getting shit done. His sister had warned him that he'd be alone. Alex hadn't cared. There was no woman out there for him.

Flicking his keys in front of him he walked up to the front steps of his house.

"Mr. Allen?" Sunshine opened the door. She was wiping her hands on a towel as she looked at him.

For once he didn't know what to say and simply stared at the beauty in front of him. She was a local in town. Her parents owned the local bakery that had been open the past ten years. Sunshine had been the first and only woman to apply for the position of a live-in housekeeper for him. She probably had it better than most people seeing as he never came home. Finding out that the bakery was in need of some money, he'd struck a deal with her parents. All he had to do was wait for Sunshine to come into his life. Since she'd taken on the role of his housekeeper, Alex hadn't been able to come home. He didn't want her hurt or put in any kind of danger.

"Hello, Sunshine. The name's Alex. Please use it." He brushed past her aware of the small connection they had between their bodies. For a split second he closed his eyes, relishing that small contact. The sweet-butts within the club used to be able to take care of his needs whereas now, they no longer did anything for him. He was tired of the constant need to connect with someone, the yearning that built in the pit of his stomach whenever he saw one of The Skulls couples.

The scent of her cooking met his nostrils, and his stomach growled. It was only lunch time, and yet she already was cooking.

He spun around to see her facing him. She held onto that towel with a death grip.

"I'm not going to hurt you."

Alex watched her gaze land on the floor between them. She was so skittish around him, always had been. Not that he could blame her. He was a monster to the core.

"I'm sorry."

"You don't need to be sorry. I won't hurt you. What's going on?" he asked. He was confused by her obvious fear. Yes, during her interview she'd been skittish, but this was outright fear.

"I, erm, I heard what you did, I mean, I heard what went down at the town hall. There're a lot of rumors about another MC club."

"Chaos Bleeds?" Once Gonzalez had been killed Devil had taken his club and woman back to Piston County.

"No, the other club. The one that you took out." She bit down on her full, dark lip. He wanted to do unspeakable things to this woman. The more she stood there, looking tempting as hell, the harder it was for him to resist.

"Don't listen to gossip." He left her standing behind the front door as he made his way up the stairs, which had a single long piece of carpet down the center. The house was pristine clean. The mere sight of the inside let him know Sunshine didn't fuck about on his time. He wondered where she slept.

Alex closed off immediately the thought of her sleeping. It was easier for both of them if he stopped thinking about where she slept at night. The last thing he needed was for the temptation to get so strong he couldn't back down.

****

Whizz waited in his room while Lacey got dressed. Lash appeared in the doorway looking bored.

"Is she coming or not?"

"I thought you'd be saying goodbye to your woman." Whizz smirked thinking about Angel's abrupt exit in the kitchen hours before.

"She's mad at me. I've never spoken to another woman like that in front of her. Well, I can't exactly call Raven a woman. She's a whore through and through." Lash leaned against the wall looking mightily pissed. "Angel will forgive me, but she's gone to the spa. I hate hearing bitches like Raven talk shit to her. She doesn't deserve it."

"Your woman's sweet, Lash. She's never going to change, and you're going to have to realize it. I doubt I'll ever see her kicking your ass, but one could hope for it." No man in the club would ever think to take Lash on. He was too scary, too dangerous, and too willing to hurt anyone who stepped in his way. It would be fun to see Angel kicking his ass though. The very thought made Whizz smile.

"Angel knows I'll never hurt her. I'd rather die than hurt her." Lash pulled out his cell phone. "Is this bitch coming?"

"Don't," Whizz said, warning him.

"You laying claim?"

"No."

"You should. Boys are seriously pissed off that she's still alive."

The whole of the clubhouse was hurting because of the Savage Brothers.

"This wasn't her fault. She came to help Butch."

Lash shrugged. "Look, we're all hurting from the shit that went down. I know I'm not in the mood to deal with her, but I promised Tiny I'd help."

"She's not going to kill me."

"We're not going to take that chance because you don't think it." Lash pocketed his cell phone as Lacey walked out of the room.

"Hey," she said. Her gaze moved from him to Lash.

"Let's get this show on the road." Lash left the room.

Offering his hand, Whizz was surprised when she took it.

"Are you going to kill me?" she asked.

"Do you really think I saved you just to kill you now?"

She shrugged. "I don't know."

Tilting her head back with a finger underneath her chin, Whizz shook his head.

"I'm not going to kill you, and neither is Lash. He's there because the club doesn't trust you." He kept back the part about most of the men wanting her dead. She didn't need to know how hurt the club was, at least not yet.

Whizz understood why she was hurting. The Savage Brothers may have fucked them up, but they'd been her family for the longest time. Lacey wouldn't forgive him easily.

Closing his bedroom door, he led her down toward the main part of the clubhouse. Lash was already exiting the building as they rounded the corner where most of the men and women were standing.

The entire room went silent. The sweet-butts, sensing the tension, stayed silent. Whizz held her hand a little tighter. He'd kill anyone who tried to hurt her. Murphy and Tate were standing together, smiling. When they turned to look at Lacey, their smiles became frowns. Tiny was crowding Eva where she leaned against the doorframe.

Whizz took in the room, the relaxed forms that suddenly tensed when they took notice of Lacey. This was what the club had been like before Gonzalez hit, before Alan hit. The family was back together. Sweet-butts, old ladies, brothers, bikers, friends, family. They were finally coming together, and for the first time since joining The Skulls, Whizz felt apart from it. He wasn't the same man and hadn't been because of Alan.

Lacey tightened her hand around his, and he couldn't stop the sudden pain that hit his chest. This was his family, and yet it wasn't.

Killer approached, his friend and brother from The Lions who always had his back. But Whizz didn't know what to expect from Killer right now as he'd not taken the time to talk to his friend.

"Hey," Killer said, offering Lacey his hand.

His friend stared at him while he made the greeting.

Lacey offered her hand. Compared to Killer, Lacey was so small.

Kelsey approached with their son, Markus, on her hip. "It's nice to finally meet you."

When he got back he'll make sure to speak with Killer. It had been too long since they last got together to catch up. So much had happened that needed to be changed.

"I'm Lacey."

"Kelsey, and I'm Killer's old lady."

Whizz tuned out as Kelsey introduced her son to Lacey. He looked at Lacey as she took in the baby. The yearning was there. He recognized it and wished there was something he could do to help her.

"Come on, I've got shit to do," Lash said.

"We've got to go." Leading the way out of the clubhouse, Whizz was aware none of the other members came to say hi. If Angel had been present she'd have said her welcome.

"Wow, I thought they were going to kill me," Lacey said, tucking some of her blue hair behind her ear.

"They want to." Lash spoke before Whizz got a chance to say anything.

Shooting a glare at his friend, Whizz handed Lacey a helmet. "They're still dealing with everything that has happened. It's the first time in a long time where they've been able to relax."

She took the helmet of him. "I spoilt it?"

"You didn't so much as spoil it. You're a reminder of everything they've lost."

"What about Butch? Is he okay?" She touched his arm.

"He's dealing."

"What about the club? Is he still part of the club?"

Whizz shook his head. "He's club business, and you're not part of the club." In truth, he didn't know what was going on with Butch. He climbed on the bike, waiting for her to put the helmet on. She did, then climbed on behind him. Her thighs straddled his back and legs. The heat of her distracted him.

"You've had a bitch on the back before, Whizz, focus," Lash said, pulling out of the parking lot of the compound.

Lacey tensed behind him. Firing up the machine, he took off after Lash. This was not the time and place to start delving into those memories. The women on the back of his bike had been fun. Lacey didn't represent fun to him. She represented living, a second chance, his only chance.

She wrapped her arms around him as he followed the path Lash had taken. He'd already visited the house after it all went down. The old place was burned to the ground. The bodies had been disposed of, and the entire house had security gates around it. In time the debris from the crumbling building would be removed and another place built. He didn't know how Lacey was going to handle the destruction.

Lash was already climbing off his bike as they parked up. The sun was shining down on the street. He turned his engine off, waiting for her to climb off. Whizz felt her gripping the outside of his jacket in her fists.

Several seconds passed, and she climbed off, removing the helmet and handing it to him. She took off toward the gated area. He watched her avidly, waiting for her reaction to the chaos. There was nothing there. The bodies were gone, disposed of after the incident happened.

Seeing the house from Lacey's point of view, he saw nothing but death and loss.

Whizz leaned on the seat of his bike as Lash came to stand beside him.

"Has Tiny told you what he wants from me?" Lash asked.

"About you taking over as president?"

"Yeah."

"I know. Is that why you're acting out?" Whizz didn't remove his gaze from his woman. She looked so sad, and he hated the fact he was the cause.

"I'm not acting out."

"The Lash I know wouldn't have said that shit to a sweet-butt, especially not in front of his woman."

"She was running her mouth off about my woman."

Whizz shrugged. "I've seen you warn other women but never be crude in front of Angel. You've been acting out trying to prove to Tiny you're not the right choice to take over as president."

"And you think I am?"

"I think you're a better leader than you realize when you put your mind to it. Stop acting out and being an ass. Be a leader. Be what the club is going to need you to be." Whizz watched as Lacey reached out to touch the gate.

"What about her?" Lash asked.

For once Whizz glanced at his friend. "What?"

"The club doesn't like her being there. She should have died with all of them."

Whizz stood tall, facing Lash. He didn't care how violent Lash could get. Whizz wasn't afraid of Lash or Killer, their enforcers.

"She's mine."

"She's not a Skull and will never be a Skull."

"If I claim her and she's mine, that will make her a Skull. I've been through shit for this club. You want to start telling me what I can and can't have?" Whizz wasn't in the mood for the club to be down on what he wanted out of life. He'd done shit for The Skulls and showed his loyalty to all of them. There was no way he'd have anyone telling him who he wanted in his life. There was no way for him to claim her yet with all the shit up in the air. Both of them needed time.

"You're going to claim her?"

"I don't know, but you better get this through your thick fucking skull, if I do, no one will put a hand on her." He backed away to step closer to Lacey. Her shoulders were shaking from her tears. This was her moment, and he hated witnessing her pain.

****

Lacey heard him arguing for her. Why couldn't he be an asshole? Whizz was too nice, too considerate of her. She couldn't just walk away from him.

"I'm sorry," she said, whispering the words out to the air. She had to believe Dalton was in a better place. He deserved a hell of a lot more than her.

She gripped the gate hard, trying to hurt herself as the pain of what she saw was too much.

Whizz's hands landed on her waist. "I'm here."

"You shouldn't be fighting for me. I'm not part of the club. Lash is right. Everyone hates what I represent. You need to get rid of me."

One of his hands left her waist to pull the hair off her neck. "You need to stop talking about what you think needs to happen, baby. I'm not going to let you go, and I'm not going to let anyone hurt you."

"This is wrong, Whizz."

"No, it's right."

"I should be there." She rested her head on the gate. The cold was refreshing against her forehead. "I was supposed to die with them. I'm not supposed to be alive."

Tears filled her eyes making her vision blurry. She didn't brush the tears away letting them fall freely down her cheeks.

"You're alive because you needed to see me."

"It was wrong. There's so many mistakes I made."

He let her go to grip the gate outside of her hands. She stared at his darker hands with the scars from the nails being pushed through them by that monster who had taken him. Whizz had been through so much, and he deserved a woman who was delicate, who didn't come with baggage. Not only did she come with personal baggage, she came from a club who only symbolized betrayal to his club.

"Did you want to die?"

"I wanted to leave with them. We were going to leave to find a place to settle down. There were so many plans. I hoped to see Dalton fall in love. For so long he'd been looking after me, taking care of me. I couldn't love him the way he wanted."

"He loved you?"

"Yes. I was a selfish bitch. He loved me, and I couldn't bring myself to love him." The tears were falling thick and fast. "To me, he was my brother. Nothing else."

"You need to stop worrying about what he thinks, Lacey. He's gone, and he's not coming back."

A sob broke free at the harsh reality of his words.

"Please, don't say that."

Dalton's gone. He's never going to find love or know what love feels like. You're selfish and should have died.

"You've asked me to show you this house. In a few months it'll be cleared away, and either another house, a set of apartments, or a business will take its place."

"All evidence they were here will be gone. No one knows about them."

Dalton and the club had spent so long intent on taking their revenge, and it had led them on this path. The path to their deaths. She should have known they wouldn't make it out alive. The rumors about The Skulls had told her they were not a club to mess with. She'd tried so hard to get Danny to see reason, but he wouldn't listen, refused to.

"No, they're not gone, Lacey. They're inside you and part of you. They are gone, but you're not dead. You're living, breathing."

"I don't deserve to be." It didn't matter what Whizz said. She knew the truth of what happened. Dalton asked her to stop looking for Whizz. He'd warned her about what would happen when Whizz knew the truth. Instead of listening, she did what she wanted to do.

He covered her hands with his own. "You've got me."

Turning around, she stared up into his eyes. "I've not got you, Whizz. I never had you. I didn't try to find you that night at the coffee shop, but I knew who you were. I knew what Alan did to you, what you were fighting. You need to let me go."

Whizz shook his head. "I'm not letting you go." He cupped her cheek, tilting her head back, and forcing her to look back at him.

Her mouth went dry from the possessive look staring right back at her.

"You're not going anywhere. I believe you when you say you didn't hunt for me, but you found me, Lacey. Not only did you find me once, you came to me several times. I've been inside you, and I'll be inside you once again."

She shook her head. "You're being insane."

"No, you're the one being insane. Those men, your brothers, they're dead. They died because they didn't have the fucking sense to come to us. The Skulls would have let them live, but they put us and the town at fucking risk. They were a bunch of idiots pretending to run a club."

Lacey slapped him around the face. "How dare you? You didn't know what it was like being hunted by Gonzalez. We were all easy prey to him. He took our families from us and made sure we knew who was in control."

"That was Gonzalez's father," Whizz said. He was glaring right back at her. He didn't raise a hand to her even though she slapped him.

Lash stayed away, which surprised her. She figured he would have intervened by now.

"Gonzalez was there with his father. He made the order that took our families from us. Both of them were there when he gave the order to do what they wanted. When the first man stole my innocence, Gonzalez was organizing a dinner for when he got home. I wasn't important enough to stick around. I lost my ability to bear children. We had the right to take Gonzalez out. Danny, the club, didn't trust anyone to ask for help. From that moment Gonzalez tore our world out from under us, we were warned not to say anything. We were told to stay silent, to not talk about the past. We didn't. All of us moved on together with one mission in mind, to kill the Gonzalez line."

"Your biggest mistake was not listening to Butch," Whizz said.

"You don't get it."

"I get it, but you're too busy feeling guilty instead of listening to reason. I'm not going to keep trying to tell you differently. They're gone. You're alive, and I will not let anything happen to you." He gripped her arm and started walking her toward the bike.

"What the hell are you doing?"

"I'm done listening to you feeling sorry for yourself. We're going back to the club."

"I want to see Butch."

"You don't get to do that." Whizz handed her the helmet. "Put it on."

"Why are you angry?" she asked.

"You're determined to find excuses for them. They were untrained and could have killed everyone in that room. Fort Wills belongs to The Skulls. The moment the Savage Brothers hit out they were dead. You were all stupid to believe that you could get away with it."

Lacey didn't think about what she did. Raising her knee, she connected with his cock and balls. Without giving him time to react, she started running away, trying to get away from him.

"Fuck," Whizz said.

She ran off but didn't get far.

"I don't fucking think so." Lash grabbed her around the waist, dragging her back. She started to hit out at him.

"Let me go." She wasn't going to give up without a fight.

"You better deal with her." Lash caught her hands together. She didn't stand a chance against his strength.

A red-faced Whizz stared at her. He didn't speak, simply put the helmet on her head and turned away. She watched him climb on the back of the bike.

Lash put her on the back. "I suggest you hold onto him if you don't want to hurt yourself falling off. I'm not in the fucking mood for you to start killing yourself. You want to die, ask one of us to do it."

She shivered as a wave of fear washed through her. These men were not the kind to mess with. Wrapping her arms around Whizz's waist, she held onto him. They went straight back to the clubhouse. The sun was still up. She saw Angel walking into the grounds as she removed her helmet. Gash was right behind her.

"Where have you been?" Lash asked, walking over to Angel.

"I went to the spa." Angel pushed some hair off her shoulder, smiling up at Lash.

Lacey watched the change in Lash. He wrapped his arms around his woman with a smile on his lips.

"I bumped into her and decided to walk her home," Gash said.

"Am I forgiven?" Lash asked.

She nodded. "I can never be mad at you for long, even if she didn't deserve your words."

Lacey didn't get to hear the rest of the conversation as Whizz dragged her back through the clubhouse. He led her upstairs. His grip was hard on her arm. She didn't fight him as she was pulled into his room. He slammed the door, pressing her up against the door.

"What the fuck was that?" he asked, growling the words in her face.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Yeah, you know exactly what I'm fucking talking about. Don't ever hit me in the balls again." He glared at her, yet she wasn't afraid.

"Don't speak about my club like that." She should hate him. He helped to take out her club, lured her back to the clubhouse so she would be far enough away from the danger. "After all the lies I told you, why did you have to save me?"

"I wanted to fuck you."

"So to get your loyalty I've just got to give you free access to my cunt?" she asked. She didn't want to be hurt by his words, but she was.

"No, there's a lot more, but you're not ready to know the truth just yet." His gaze dropped to her lips. Her gut tightened as his gaze darkened. She saw the change inside him.

"Whizz?"

"Shut up." He closed the distance between them. His lips were so close that she felt the air of his breath over her face. Heat spilled from her pussy. She wanted him, and there was the problem. Lacey didn't want to want him, but she did. He was an addiction she couldn't stop.

"You've got to stop the guilt." He slammed his lips down on hers cutting off any kind of protest. His tongue glided over her lips, sucking her bottom lip into his mouth. She moaned at the contact of his lips, opening her mouth for his invading tongue.

She met him halfway, sliding her tongue over his.

He sank his fingers into her hair, tugging on the length.

Within seconds Whizz pulled away, opened the door and closed it, leaving her alone and confused. She didn't know what had just happened. Her lips were swollen, and she was turned on. If Whizz intended to torture her, he was going the right way about it. Sitting down on his bed, she rested her head in her hands.

She was losing her mind. On the one hand there was the guilt of causing Dalton's death. She didn't feel she had the right to be happy. On the other hand, she wanted to be with Whizz. From the moment they first met at the coffee shop she'd felt a connection to him. Lacey didn't want to lose that. He was the first and only man she'd ever felt such a strong connection to. It went far beyond the damage and pain they'd both suffered.

Dalton's face flashed through her mind. She was never going to get away from him.

"I'm sorry," she said.

Chapter Three

Whizz rested his head against the door. He didn't know why he kissed her or why he walked away from her. Her lips were too fucking tempting to ignore. She was driving him insane, and they barely knew each other. Everything they knew about each other was stuff they'd discovered through searching files. Whizz doubted she knew anything about him that would surprise him.

"What are you doing?" Killer asked.

Turning around, he saw his friend standing with his son on his hip. Killer held a baby bottle in his hand. The sight of Killer holding a baby was strange to Whizz. He'd watched him kill other men with his bare hands. The way Killer held his son showed the love and care he took.

"Nothing." Whizz stepped away from the door. "Where's Kelsey?"

"She's not feeling well. From the smell, she's got some kind of bug. I'm taking Markus for the night, letting her rest. She's back in the room." Killer started walking. Markus fisted his hands and started flailing them, making gurgling sounds. Whizz couldn't help but smile. The little guy was so charming and full of beans.

"Can I hold him?"

"Sure." Killer handed Markus over.

Together they walked downstairs toward the main clubhouse. A couple of the sweet-butts were on the table, dancing for the men. He wasn't interested in the women and headed toward the pool room. Hardy was sitting in the corner drinking a beer. Lash and Nash were playing pool while Steven stared at the game on television.

"Thank you for coming forward for Lacey," Whizz said, taking a seat.

"Hey, no babies allowed," Steven said.

In response Markus just gurgled some more, looking totally adorable.

"Whatever."

"Kids have got us wrapped around their little fingers," Lash said, sipping his beer.

"Stop all the talk of fucking kids." Hardy stood, looking angry.

"Still no sign of the ice breaking from Rose?" Steven asked.

"Do you all know my business?"

During the Gonzalez problem, the news of Hardy's past affair had come to light when Rose refused to keep it quiet. The couple was holding on by a thread, but the cracks in the couple's relationship were blatantly on show. Rose wouldn't back down any longer.

"The whole club knows what happened, Hardy. We all know what happened," Lash said, pointing at all of them. "So do the women."

Hardy ran fingers through his thick hair. He no longer looked like the confident man that Whizz recalled. This man looked like he was about to lose everything. He'd put all of his chips on the one number, only the ball had passed that number one too many times to come back around.

"I'm trying. I'm always fucking trying to help her, but I can't make her forgive me."

"Why fuck another woman?" Whizz asked, looking from Markus up to Hardy. When he'd heard the news of what happened over ten years ago, he'd been shocked. Rose was a beauty, and any man would be crazy to cheat on her ass.

"I was young. I don't know. Shit was different back then."

"Rose is one hot woman. She's completely in love with you. I can't even imagine what she was like before you hurt her." Whizz had only known Rose the past few years. She'd always been completely devoted to Hardy.

"She's changed a lot since then. Ten years ago, she was sweet, charming, and I changed her." He shook his head. "I'm calling it a night."

"Where is Rose?" Nash asked.

"She's in bed."

"You do know you can't get rid of her if you divorce her," Lash said.

"What?"

"Rose is a big part of the club. If she decides to divorce you, Tiny's not going to let her out in the world on her own. She'll be part of the club, and if she finds another man, you'll have to deal with that."

"She's not a member."

Lash shrugged. "I back Tiny with what he says. Rose is family. She's part of the club as much as you. She decides to divorce you we won't kick her out. Tiny has already put his foot down. You're not getting away from her."

"Let's hope it doesn't come to that," Hardy said, heading out of the room.

"Why?" Killer asked.

Hardy looked back. "Because I will kill any man who thinks they can take my woman from me. Rose is mine, she'll always be mine, and I'm not going to back down without a fight."

He left the room.

"Do you really think she'll divorce him?" Nash asked. He was drinking water. None of the men wanted Nash drinking anything alcoholic. He was an ex-addict, and as such, he was ordered to stay clear of the stuff.

"I don't know. If someone was to tell me that Rose would even be considering it, I'd have laughed. It just goes to show we don't really know the couples in the club."

"It has been ten years. Surely, she must be over it," Nash said, taking his shot on the pool table.

"If Zero fucked Sophia when he thought he was in love with her, would you have gotten over it?" Steven asked, speaking up.

In response Nash looked ready to commit murder.

Steven laughed. "It's probably a good job Zero's completely in love with Prue."

"Someone called my name." Prue entered the room with Zero trailing behind her. The couple rarely separated. Prue had taken to the club life better than most.

Markus started to cry on Whizz's knee.

"He's getting ready for his feed." Killer took his son, resting him in his arms to start feeding him.

"I still can't get over the fact you're a father."

"Kelsey and I had a rough start, but we're getting there."

Killer had fallen in love with Kelsey, who had been a dental nurse when they met. Kelsey had kept the fact she was married hidden from him, and it had strained their budding relationship. It didn't help that her then-husband, Michael Granito, had arrived. The ensuing problems had Kelsey nearly killing herself, and the club being put in danger. Fortunately, Killer and Kelsey were now married and totally in love.

"You're a lucky man," Whizz said, watching the baby. Lacey couldn't have this. She was like Rose in that regard. Only the two women had very different reasons for not being able to conceive.

Prue took a seat beside Killer. "He's so adorable."

Zero picked up a pool stick, getting ready to join in with Lash and Nash. It wouldn't be long before Prue joined in, playing against the brothers at Zero's side. She was a damn good pool player, and pretty decent at cards.

"We'll have one soon enough," Zero said. He rested his chin on his hands.

She stroked Markus's head. "You're going to be a heartbreaker. God, with the way you're all breeding we're going to be overrun with the next generation of Skulls. Can you see Anthony and Miles? They're going to be big boys."

Anthony was Lash's son while Miles was Tiny's.

Whizz smiled thinking about all the babies coming around. The family events were exactly that, full of family.

"Angel wants to meet Lacey. I've told her no. You've got to get your woman under control before I let Angel near her."

"If any woman needs to be under control it's Tate. She's pissing me off, and I don't give a shit about her hormones," Prue said, biting back at Lash.

"I'm not in control of her. Talk to Murphy. Whizz's woman kneed him in the balls today and tried to run off," Lash said, point his stick at Whizz. "I'm not risking Angel's life with her."

"Lacey won't hurt her." He recalled what Lacey said about Angel being an innocent. She wouldn't hurt Angel but would probably slap Tate a couple of times. "I said some awful things to her." He deserved being kneed in the balls. Hearing her talk about Dalton had pissed him off. He'd gotten jealous over a dead man, and he didn't like it.

"Why do you have her around?" Zero said. "Butch is back to being a prospect, and he's in the hospital dealing with his wounds. They almost killed us. Devil and Tiny aren't talking. The only connection we've got to the Chaos Bleeds crew is through Eva, and she's not talking."

"We're better off without them," Nash said, speaking up.

It had been months, maybe even years, since he had sat talking with his brothers. For a long time Whizz stayed in his room out of the way from the club, only coming out when they needed him to be present.

"I don't know. I liked them." Steven moved closer to start talking.

"They had no rules." Nash argued back.

"I'm not going to fight with you. I happened to like Pussy, Devil, all of the men. I for one am going to miss their visits." Steven shrugged. "Shit happens. It's one thing Gonzalez wins on."

"What do you mean?" Whizz asked, looking up at Steven.

"Tiny and Devil were torn apart. We were two clubs that banded together. We're no longer banded together. There's just us and Chaos Bleeds. Simon's going to grow up, and if he decides against leaving us alone, there could be problems there. It's just something to consider." Steven shook his empty beer bottle. "I'm going to get another."

"So your woman kneed you in the balls?" Prue asked, looking way too impressed.

Whizz nodded.

"This is a girl I want to meet."

"Prue, she was part of the Savage Brothers." Zero put his hand on her shoulder.

"So? She's not some kind of savage beast, Zero! God, what is wrong with you men? She was part of a club that pissed you off. You guys got the last laugh. You took out all of her club. Imagine how it is for her, she's in the clubhouse of the men responsible for killing her family." Prue looked at each of them. "I don't know about her, but I'd be damn scared. Scared, pissed, angry, she's probably waiting for one of you to break the door down to kill her. I couldn't imagine living like that."

"Prue!"

"No, don't Prue me. I mean it. Get your head out of your ass and think about her as something different. She's a woman who's alone in the world. There's no one else out there who cares about her."

"I care," Whizz said. His caring wasn't just about the sex either. It was a hell of a lot more.

They all turned to him. He stared at the table trying to find the right words.

"I care about her, and I will not let anything happen to her."

"I want to meet her. I think you've kept her far enough away for now." Prue sipped her beer. "You can't keep her locked in your room for the next fifty years. That's just a horror movie waiting to happen." Prue stood, grabbing the stick from Zero. "I'll break."

Steven sat close as Killer continued to feed his son.

"You care about her?" Killer asked.

Whizz ran a finger over his bottom lip as he thought about his feelings. "She's been through a lot. I mean when she was ten, they broke a part of her. She can't have kids because of what those animals did to her."

"So you've both had shit go on in your past and it has set your feelings for now," Prue said.

"What?"

"You're both in some way broken, but together, it feels like you're whole. The club was there to see what happened to you, Whizz. She's the first woman who doesn't have a clue about your past. She knows what happened but hasn't seen it. You're probably one of the few men who know the truth but don't see a broken little girl. In a weird kind of way it makes sense."

Zero started to warn her again.

"You don't need to worry about me running off or taking it personally," Whizz said. "I know what she's saying even if she doesn't have the best tact about it."

"Who needs tact? With the damage going through this club, there's no time for tact. You don't need tact, Whizz. You always need stone cold facts." Prue shot a ball, whooping as it went down the hole. "It's not bad to care about her. She deserves to be loved like other women. What happened to her wasn't her fault."

Whizz got up. "I've got to go."

He made his way up to his bedroom, shouting from Hardy and Rose's room made him stop.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Hardy asked.

"I'm packing. I want out of here."

"For fuck's sake, Rose, this was ten years ago. I've not touched another fucking woman. I don't want another woman but you."

"No, you didn't want the person I was. I was too damn sweet for what you wanted. I changed who I was because that's what you wanted. I took my clothes off because you loved it. I changed me." The tears were in her voice.

Whizz didn't want to move away, yet the emotion in her voice was hard to ignore.

"I can't live without you," Hardy said.

"I don't know if I can live with you anymore."

****

Lacey wrapped a towel around her body. Whizz hadn't brought her any food, and she was getting hungry. She kept the movie playing in his bedroom and made sure it was loud enough to drown out the noise of Hardy and Rose. They were a broken couple. It was hard to listen to them fight as the emotion and pain were raw. She'd never been put in a situation like that. Lacey didn't know what she'd do if the man she loved cheated on her. Hardy hadn't just cheated, he'd gotten the woman pregnant. Rose was still heartbroken after all this time.

She used another towel around her head and stepped out of the room.

Whizz stood by the door. He didn't have anything in his hands, and she was so hungry.

"You've not brought any food," she said.

"What?"

"You locked the door, and I don't have any food." She bit her lip feeling like a child instead of a thirty year old woman. "I'm hungry."

"When was the last time you ate?" he asked.

"Breakfast."

"I'll order us some Chinese food." He pulled out his cell phone, and she stood watching him as he ordered enough to feed an army. When he was finished, he stared back at her. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to forget about food. Shit, you must be starving."

Her stomach chose that moment to grumble. Heat filled her cheeks at the noise. She wasn't even trying to make him feel bad. Stupid stomach.

Whizz chuckled. "Don't worry about it. Why do you have the movie on so loud?"

"I don't want to listen to Hardy and Rose. They're always arguing, and it's so sad to hear. Wouldn't it be easier if one of them walked away?" She grabbed the remote from the bed, pointing it at one of the screens. Lacey didn't know how he managed to get a television to become part of his computers.

"I'm starting to think you're right about them."

The sound of Rose crying followed by Hardy murmuring met their ears. Their argument was toning down. It wouldn't be long before they would start arguing again. There were clearly a lot of issues between the two.

"It's hard to listen to." She voiced her earlier thoughts.

"Yeah, they're going through some problems."

"He had an affair. I heard her accusations. It was a long time ago though, right?"

Whizz nodded. "Yeah, before I was part of the club."

"She's a little older than me?"

"Yeah. I don't know how you're going to feel about this, but Prue would like to meet you. She doesn't like me keeping you in my room." He was rubbing the back of his head.

"I'm really sorry for kneeing you in the balls." She'd spent most of the afternoon thinking about his lips. Lacey regretted lashing out like that. It probably didn't improve Lash's opinion of her.

"I deserved it."

"Not really. You were only speaking the truth. I shouldn't have taken it out on you. It's just hard." She licked her lips as her mouth suddenly went dry. He kept staring back at her, and she liked the way his gaze was on her. She held the knot in her towel so she would stay covered. They'd never been naked together. The irony of their relationship-they'd fucked without a condom, and yet she didn't have the first clue as to what he looked like without his clothes on.

"I don't want to keep you locked up in my bedroom, nor do I want to keep fighting you." Whizz gazed down her body.

"If you want I can leave as soon as you're happy."

"You're not going anywhere," Whizz said.

"What do you mean?"

She watched him grit his teeth. He didn't look happy about something. Lacey didn't know if she wanted to find out what was upsetting him. Whizz always confused her. He took her well-ordered mind and turned it on its axis. She didn't know how to make herself think clearly around him.

"You can't go anywhere. I had a deal with Tiny that I'd claim you as mine. You leave one of the brothers could come after you."

Tears filled her eyes, and she tilted her head back not wanting them to spill. "So, I'm stuck here."

Lacey didn't mind providing she was with Whizz.

"I don't want to keep you locked in this room, but you've got to promise me you won't try to run off or hurt anyone."

"I wouldn't hurt anyone," she protested.

"I saw you with the knife and Gonzalez. You're capable of hurting people."

"But I wouldn't hurt anyone. I give you my word."

He really didn't know her. Gonzalez was the first man she'd ever killed. She hadn't been the one to kill the men who attacked and raped her. Dalton, Danny, and the rest of the Savage Brothers had killed the men. She'd learned to fight, to fire a gun, and to use a knife, yet she'd never attacked or murdered a man or woman.

"I won't hurt anyone," she said again, instead of arguing her innocence.

"Okay. Tomorrow I won't lock you in the room, but you've got to promise me now that you won't try to run."

"I won't run or try to kill anyone." She looked down at the floor wondering if being killed was a lot better than her sudden future.

"I'll go and wait for our food."

He walked out of the room without locking the door. She didn't try to open it or to leave. Lacey didn't want to leave the club. There was nothing out there for her. She was all alone in the world. The only person she had was Whizz. Going toward his wardrobe, she found one of his long shirts along with a pair of boxer shorts. Sitting on his bed, she picked up the brush he'd left for her and started to brush her damp hair.

It wouldn't be long before the blue hair dye faded.

She didn't know what she'd do when her hair finally went to her natural color. Dalton always dyed it for her. Pushing those thoughts aside along with the pain of Dalton's words, she picked the remote up and started to flick through the channels.

Staring down the length of her arm she saw the faded marks that were hidden by the ink she'd gotten to cover the scars. The first and only attempt to take her own life had been a huge failure. Dalton stopped her from trying again. He stayed by her side. His warning was always at the forefront of her mind whenever she wanted it to end. When she was alone she'd always think about taking her own life. Dalton deserved to be free of her, yet the thought of causing him to die always stopped her. Did he have peace now that he was no longer with them?

You've got to stop thinking about him.

Her thoughts about Dalton were not productive. He was gone, and thinking about him didn't help her situation. Whizz was right. They'd been a bunch of idiots to think they could take their revenge in another MC's territory. The Skulls were the real deal while the Savage Brothers were not.

The door opened, and Whizz entered. The scent of Chinese filled the room. Her mouth watered, but she didn't move as he kicked the door closed.

"I had to fight Steven for this food. Cheeky fucker thought he could have at it."

"You ordered enough to share." She sat back, leaving enough room for him. On one of her thighs was the ink of a rose, the thorns spiking out. Getting ink became a hobby for her. Whenever the pain got too much for her she'd go and get some fresh ink or have some designs changed.

"I didn't know what you liked. I got everything I liked then ordered enough for you." He set the box down.

She picked up the chopsticks and opened up the first carton of food. Inside were shrimp balls. Picking one up, she took a bite as Whizz offered her a pot of sauce.

"Thank you."

"I just realized I didn't even ask you if you liked Chinese."

"Good for you I do happen to love Chinese food." She took another shrimp ball, biting into it after she slathered it with sauce.

Whizz ate the egg rolls, and together they started to eat the rest of the food. She'd left a movie on that looked like an action adventure. Looking over Whizz's head, she watched the movie. Every now and then she was aware of his gaze on her.

When she could eat no more, she settled away from the food.

"Are you done?"

She nodded.

"I'll be back."

Lacey watched him walk away. Lying down on the bed she rubbed at her stomach, finally full.

He came back minutes later. "There's going to be no leftovers."

She chuckled, thinking about the club attacking the fridge where their food was.

"There's nothing you can do about that."

Whizz stared at her for several seconds. She couldn't look away. Her body heated remembering the way his lips felt on top of hers. She wanted him. Lacey missed the feel of his rock hard cock sliding deep inside her.

You shouldn't feel that way about the man responsible for killing your club.

"I'm going to get washed."

She nodded. "Okay."

It didn't matter how much her head told her she shouldn't be wanting. Her body had completely other ideas.

Her pussy was slick with her cream. She closed her eyes remembering the way he'd held her in the graveyard, the thrust of his hips as he drove inside her. Whizz didn't hold her like she would break. He gripped her hips, pounding inside her as if she was a woman. She'd not been desired once. Dalton had loved her, but he'd not desired her. At least she didn't think he did. In his gaze she had seen the pity whenever Dalton looked her way. She grew to hate that pity, despise it even. What happened to her shouldn't define what people thought about her.

The shower stopped running, and she listened to Whizz move around. The movie had long lost any appeal it had once had. The only interest she had was in Whizz.

He entered the bedroom going to his drawers. Seconds later he dropped the towel showing off his fine ass. His body was covered in scars and muscle. Where she had gone under the ink pen to try to hide her scars, Whizz picked up weights. His body was rock hard and his strength unlike anything she'd ever known.

In between his thighs she saw the length of his cock dangling down. This was strangely intimate. She hadn't seen him naked during their time together, yet this was intimacy.

Whizz walked back to the bed, climbing in beside her. She didn't even think to protest, not even that first morning when she woke up beside him.

He started out at the end of the bed and slowly moved in behind her. She kept her gaze on the television even though the movie made no sense.

"I'm sorry," he said.

Looking behind her, she frowned. "What are you sorry about?"

Whizz ran his hand over her stomach, rubbing in circular motions. Her stomach tightened as another flood of arousal swamped her. She wished she could stop feeling the pleasure, but nothing happened.

"Your club. I knew you'd follow me that day, Lacey. I know the club meant a great deal to you. They were your family. I'm sorry for hurting you that way."

"You're not sorry for killing them?" she asked, staring up at him.

"I hope one day you'll forgive me for my part in what I did."

"Why are you saying this?" The way he'd spoken to her that afternoon left her feeling he was angry at her feelings toward the Savage Brothers.

"You've lost your family. I'm sorry about hurting you. I'm not sorry for what had to happen. Before Gonzalez tore your family apart you were part a club. You know the workings even if you argue with me."

She licked her lips averting her gaze.

"I don't want to talk about this anymore." Lacey turned her back to him, watching the movie. Whizz didn't move his hand away. He kept stroking her stomach.

She kept her thighs together, wishing she'd stop reacting to his touch.

"I want you, Lacey."

Closing her eyes, she took in a breath. His fingertips moved from her stomach to travel up. She didn't stop even though she knew she should. He cupped her breast in his palm. Her nipple budded into his hand.

"Tell me you want me," he said.

Opening her eyes, she stared opposite the room. The hand on her breasts started to move down. She didn't tell him to stop, nor did she tell him to keep going. Lacey stayed quiet, and when his fingers stroked over the band of the boxers, she let out a breath.

"I'm not going to go any further until you tell me you're with me all the way." He kissed her shoulder. "Tell me what you want, Lacey."

She loved the way he said her name. His voice was dark, filled with the promise of sin. Lacey wanted to tell him to stop, but she wanted his touch a hell of a lot more.

"It means nothing," she said.

"You're lying, Lacey. You're lying to yourself and to me." His palm stayed still against her stomach. The tips of his fingers still rested in the boxer briefs.

"You helped, Whizz." She closed her eyes, hoping she'd see him as the enemy. Lacey couldn't do it. All she saw when she closed her eyes was Whizz, but not as the enemy. No, she saw him as her friend, her lover, and something a hell of a lot more. She saw him as a hope of a future.

"Tell me what you want me to do." There was no apology for what he did. He wanted her to tell him no or to let him continue.

If he stops will he go find pleasure elsewhere?

She didn't know what bothered her more, if he found pleasure elsewhere or if he stopped, rolled over, and ignored her. What would she do if he took his pleasure in a young, slimmer woman? No, she couldn't handle that.

"I want you, Whizz. I want you to continue." The truth spilled from her lips. She expected to feel shame for giving into him. In truth, all she felt was relief that she'd finally given into him.

His hand moved past the boxer shorts, sliding down to cup her pussy.

"This is mine, Lacey. I'm not going to let another man touch what's mine."

Chapter Four

The answer Whizz got to his statement was her feminine moan. The lips of her pussy were slick with cream. Sliding a finger through her slit, he circled the hard bud of her clit. She moaned, her legs falling open a little wider, making the band of the briefs tight against his hand.

Sitting up on the bed, he threw the blanket out of view. He no longer wanted to hide beneath the covers or for her to pretend they were no longer together.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I want to see you, Lacey. No more hiding."

He leaned over her to put the light on. Nothing would obstruct his view of her body, not darkness, not clothing, not even her embarrassment. Whizz wanted to see all of her, soak all of her inside.

She sat up in bed, pressing a palm to his chest. "If you get to see all of me then I want to see all of you." Her breathing was long and deep.

"Fine." Whizz stepped off the bed, pushing the sweatpants over his swelling erection. Whenever he was close to her he was always in a state of arousal.

Cupping his cock, he ran his hand over the length, watching her. "I'm naked, baby. I'm naked and open. It's time for you to stop hiding."

Her blue hair fell down her back. The color was growing out from the blue dye. He wondered if she'd try another color or if that was it for her.

She went to her knees on the center of the bed. To him, Lacey was the best thing to ever be kneeling on his bed. He watched her finger the bottom of the shirt she wore.

Come on, baby, I'm dying here. I need you.

Whizz didn't know what it was about her that left him feeling like himself. While he was with Lacey, he didn't have to hurt or to try to be someone different. With her, he could be himself.

Lacey lifted the shirt revealing more of the ink that covered her body. She climbed off the bed revealing her back where he saw two angel wings on either side. The ink didn't disgust him or make him feel less about her. This was how she handled her scars.

Closing the small distance between them, he gripped her waist, drawing her back against him. The length of his cock pressed against her butt.

"You're so fucking beautiful. Do you even know what you're doing to me?" He slid his hands around to her stomach, rubbing his pelvis against her ass. She released a groan. "You're the first woman I've been with since I was taken by Alan."

She turned her head to look toward him. "That can't be true."

"It's true. I've not wanted any other woman but you. You're the first woman I've ever been hard for. I want you, Lacey, only you." He cupped her cheek, drawing her closer. The angle was odd, but he wanted those lips and he intended to have them.

Sliding his fingers into her hair, he caressed his tongue over the first plump lip before going inside her mouth. She moaned, opening her lips for his invasion.

He tasted the spices on her tongue from the food they had eaten. Releasing her hair, he glided his hand down to the boxer briefs she wore, touching her. When he saw them on Lacey, boxer briefs looked sexy.

Whizz pushed them off her hips until they fell to the floor, leaving her completely naked.

Lacey turned within his arms, staring up at him. She touched his cheek, caressing the backs of her fingers over his skin. "You're the first man I've wanted to be whole for. I tried to be with other men, but I just couldn't. Being with you makes me different, it makes me better." She rested her head against his chest. "And that scares me. I don't know what to do or how to react. It scares me. Everything scares me now. I'm not used to being alone."

"You're not alone, baby. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere, and I'd never leave you."

Taking hold of her hand he led her back to the bed. "Get on."

She sat down and started to pull herself onto the center. He was shocked she didn't start arguing with him. Whizz stopped her from going any further onto the bed. Going to his knees, he opened her thighs wide. Staring down at her pretty pussy, his mouth watered. He'd never been one to lick a woman out, but scenting Lacey and seeing her made him feel like a starving man. Drawing her closer to him, he stared down at the perfection of her pretty pussy. Above her mound, where the boxer briefs originally lay, was a single red rose tattoo. The red of the petals stood out in contrast to her skin. She loved roses, he suddenly realized. The ink on her skin was what she loved the most, roses. They were beautiful plants, yet grab too hard and you were at risk of getting hurt. The roses were like his woman, prickly if handled wrongly.

Fine hairs covered the lips of her pussy. It was a light dusting of hair that didn't hide the plumpness of the lips of her sex. They were slightly parted to tease him with the view of her swollen clit. In the light he saw the evidence of her arousal glinting at him. Using his thumbs, he opened her pussy lips wider to view her clit. He'd touched her before, brought her to an earth-shattering orgasm, yet he'd never seen her. Whizz wanted to see her. He wanted videos, reminders that she was with him at every turn.

"Whizz?"

"Sh, it's okay, baby. I've got you." He wouldn't take pictures until he had her permission, which he'd get very soon.

His gaze wandered down to look at her cunt. Returning his grip to her waist, he dragged her back until she was hanging off the bed. He stared at the puckered hole of her anus. Whizz wanted to claim all of her and not leave a part of her unnoticed. She wouldn't ever remember anyone else but him. He'd claim her thoroughly.

"I'm going to claim this pussy and this ass, Lacey. I'm going to possess you all." She didn't argue or fight with him. He pushed her back on the bed to make her comfortable. Tonight he'd be tasting her pussy and feeling her wrapped around his cock. Without tearing his gaze away, he circled her clit before sliding down to slide into her tight cunt. His finger disappeared within her tightness.

Lacey groaned, thrusting her hips up against his finger. He added a second finger watching her fuck up to him. Sawing his fingers inside her, he spread the digits open in the hope of opening her up a little. She was so tight. He couldn't wait to get inside her.

Removing his fingers, he brought them to his lips to suck the cream off each one. "You're so fucking tasty." He groaned, pushing his fingers back inside her, needing her to take more of him. "I'm going to lick this sweet pussy now, baby. I don't want you to move."

"Please, Whizz, I can't take much more."

"It's okay, baby. I'll take care of that need." He sucked more cream off his fingers before taking her clit into his mouth. Scoring the hard bud between his teeth, he groaned at the same time she screamed. He pressed his hands on the inside her of thighs, keeping her in the same place as he attacked her clit. Licking, sucking, and biting the hard bud, he worked between sliding his tongue within her cunt to attacking her clit. He wanted her shaking with pleasure, mindless with need. Whizz wanted her to be a slut to her own desire. When it came to Lacey, he wanted to give her everything she'd missed out on. In his arms she'd embrace every passion she'd denied herself.

The life she led hadn't been one filled with sunshine and roses, but with pain and secrecy. He intended to change all of that, give her what no other man could give her. In that moment, Whizz knew he was going to claim her. Lacey woke a part of him that he believed had died long ago. He wasn't dead inside when he was with Lacey. The nightmares could come and go as long as he had his woman by his side. She made him a better person just by being in her company.

He pressed two fingers within her at the same time as licking her clit.

"Please, Whizz, fuck me, I can't take much more."

Whizz shook his head. "No, you're going to come. I'm going to swallow down every drop."

She cried out, whimpering. "No, I can't do it. Please."

He wouldn't stop. Flicking her clit, he started to pump his fingers inside her like he was going to with his cock within a matter of moments.

Her pussy tightened around his fingers.

"Come for me, Lacey. Give it to me." Sucking the bud into his mouth, he added a third finger into her cunt.

She split apart, screaming his name. Her cum coated his fingers, and he used the extra lubrication to get as deep inside her as she could. Whizz didn't stop. He didn't want to stop until she was shaking.

"Stop," she said, screaming the words. He pulled back, taking his fingers from her cunt slowly.

"I did this," he said, holding his slick fingers for her to see. He made sure she could watch as he sucked her cream off. "You taste so fucking sweet. I'm going to want to lick you out a lot."

Standing up, he budged her up the bed until she lay in the center with her head on the pillows.

"You're not what I expected," she said.

Opening her thighs wide, Whizz got close to her, pressing his cock between the lips of her pussy. "Be prepared to be surprised." He took hold of her hand, laying her fingers around his shaft. "You feel that. It's what you do to me. No one else. You."

She groaned, tightening her hands around his shaft. Lacey worked from the root up to the tip, working his cock for her pleasure. He didn't know where to look first, the pleasure on her face or where she touched his shaft. Her small fingers felt so damn good. They were warm against his cock.

"Harder, I can handle it."

Lacey tightened her hand around his shaft verging on the point of pain. He groaned, throwing his head back as the pleasure worked up his body.

"This is what I've imagined from the first moment I saw you, Lacey. I wanted you. I wanted to know how tight your pussy was and how it would feel wrapped around my dick."

When he could stand it no longer he batted her hand out of the way.

"Now I'm going to fuck you."

****

No man had ever taken the time to lick out her pussy. Lacey felt open and exposed yet really good at the same time. Whizz was determined to drive her crazy with need. She didn't know if there would ever be a time when she could deny him. From the first moment she'd been drawn to him like a moth is to a flame.

"Tell me to fuck you, Lacey."

"I want you to fuck me."

He smiled, tearing away the darkness in his eyes. Whenever he smiled she always saw the man he had been before his attack.

"Watch me." She stared down at where they were about to become one. His cock was large, and she recalled the initial pain when he first slammed inside her. Whizz was not small. He was a big man, long, thick, and wide. She watched him wrap his fingers around the root of his cock, drawing up to the tip that was glistening with his pre-cum.

"Have you ever tasted a man's cum?" he asked.

She shook her head. A fresh wave of arousal hit her. Tasting a man's cum was too intimate for her, and it was something she couldn't do. He slid his fingers over the tip, coating the digits with his cum. Whizz brought them to her lips. "Taste me."

Should she be disgusted? Disgust was the last thing she thought when she opened her mouth, swiping her tongue over the digits that held his cum. As she stared into his dark eyes, the salty taste exploded on her tongue. Closing her eyes, she released a moan, taking more of his finger within her mouth.

"Fuck, you don't have any idea how sexy you look right now. So fucking sexy."

Opening her eyes, she watched him grip his cock, pressing the engorged tip to her entrance.

"I'll go slowly."

She went to her elbows to watch him take her. The first inch slid inside her. From the way she was looking, he appeared too big to fit inside her.

"You're so fucking tight. I'm going to have to fuck you regularly to get you used to my size." When another inch of his cock was inside her his hands moved to her waist to hold onto her.

"Look at me, Lacey."

She stared up into his eyes. Each inch that he slid inside, she felt herself opening up to his invasion. "Please," she said. "I'm not going to break."

The grip at her hips tightened a split second before he slammed in deep. In one thrust he embedded himself to the hilt inside her. She couldn't help the groan or the wince as the pleasure became on the verge of pain. He was larger than she remembered, thicker as well.

"Fuck, I knew I should take my time."

"No, it's fine." She held him close as he started to move away from her. "I like it."

He looked like he didn't believe her.

"I'm wet, Whizz. Please, believe me. I like it."

He pressed his head to hers. "I don't want to hurt you."

"You're not." She wrapped her arms around his back as he covered her with his body. He stayed still inside her. Lacey caressed his back going down to cup his firm buttocks. How did she get so lucky to have this man want her? She didn't know what she did to get his attention, but she wanted to keep him.

Whizz twirled some of her hair. He didn't move even as she felt his cock pulsing as if he wanted to move within her.

"I love the feel of your pussy, Lacey. Do you know what I like more?"

She shook her head.

"That it's all mine. No one else is going to get a chance to know how tight your pretty pussy is."

Staring up at him, Lacey saw he spoke the truth. She was too afraid to ask him what he meant by it. Licking her lips, she pushed some hair off her face, and stared up at him.

"That's right, baby, you know what I mean."

"Whizz, fuck me." She wasn't ready for whatever declaration he was going to make. He took hold of her hands, pressing them beside her head.

"I'll fuck you, Lacey. I'm going to have you screaming my name, and there's going to be no room for anyone else."

Didn't he realize he was the only man she wanted? Lacey realized she'd not been very good when it came to Whizz. She'd fought him at every turn when he didn't deserve it.

He held her hands so she had nowhere else to go. She took his weight, loving the feel of his hips between her thighs. He was rock hard. Whizz could hurt her easily, not just emotionally but physically. His strength alone took her breath away.

"I'm not going anywhere," she said.

Whizz started to slide out of her. She panicked when it felt like he was about to leave her completely. With only the tip inside her, Lacey cried out as he slammed back inside. He didn't give her a chance to get accustomed to the second invasion. Over and over, he pounded inside her, not giving up.

The headboard banged against the wall with the force of his thrusts. She didn't care that others could hear them. Whizz felt too good for her to care about others hearing them.

"Fuck, Lacey, I'm going to come."

The pleasure tightened her stomach, and she tried to meet him thrust for thrust. Whizz held her in place making it hard for her to move.

He drew her hands above her head, keeping both of hers held in one of his. His other hand moved down her body, going between her legs. She cried out as his fingers started to stroke over her clit.

"I want to feel this tight pussy come all over my cock." He pinched her clit, stroking out the pain.

The sensation was more than she could stand. Arching up, she came, screaming out his name, just like he'd said she would. The feel of his cock sliding inside her added to the ecstasy of the orgasm.

She heard Whizz groan along with his thick cock jerk as he spilled his seed within her. Each pulse of his cock made her whimper. He collapsed over her. She didn't mind the weight of him over her body.

There was no way she could move in that moment. The world was spinning, and she closed her eyes.

"I can't give you up, Lacey," he said, whispering the words against her ear.

She forced herself to open her eyes and turn her head to look at him. "What are you trying to say?"

"I don't care what it takes. I'm not going to let you get away from me. I want you in my life. I don't want to give you up." He cupped her cheek. She smelled her scent on his fingers yet didn't pull away. Staring into his eyes, she saw the depth of his need. This was about a hell of a lot more than sex. She didn't know what had changed inside him in the last few hours, but she saw the evidence of it staring down at her.

"What's your real name?" she asked.

"What?"

"You know my name. Tell me yours."

His thumb ran over her lips, but he didn't pull away. She licked her lips, touching his thumb as she did.

"It's Adam."

"Your name is Adam."

"Yeah."

She smiled up at him. "It will do for now." He released her hands, and she pressed her palm to his face. "I'm not going anywhere. There's nowhere for me to go."

The club had taken it all away from her. The club's money, their plans had gone down the moment The Skulls decided to take out the Savage Brothers. She didn't have anything. Dalton had always taken care of her.

The sadness came over her, and she started to wiggle out from under him.

"Baby, what's the matter?" he asked.

"I need some space. Can you get out?" She started to push at his pelvis to get him away from her. Whizz pulled out of her, and she winced at the pain.

"Lacey, honey, are you okay?"

She wasn't okay, not in the least. Scrambling to her feet, she stumbled through the bedroom until she landed into the bathroom. Closing the door, she flicked the lock as she stepped into the shower.

His cum was leaking out of her pussy down the inside of her thighs. Closing the shower door, she turned the water on gasping as she was sprayed with cold water. Pushing hair out of her face, she pressed her forehead to the glass.

You're selfish.

It's all about what you want.

Those men died because of you.

Lacey sank to the floor of the shower as the tears filled her eyes, running down her face. Dalton's voice played through her mind, and she couldn't get it to stop. She'd failed him and the club.

"Lacey, what's going on?" Whizz asked.

She didn't answer him. No words would come out of her mouth. She stared at the drain, watching the water cascade down. The water was like her life. Everything was being lost, going down some kind of drain. Her family had been killed leaving her alone. She'd had the ability to carry children ripped from her. Her failed attempt at suicide had almost killed her best friend, Dalton. Why couldn't she do anything right? The first time she connected with a man had caused her only real family to be killed.

"Lacey, fucking answer me."

The sound of the door shaking under his weight filled her senses.

You're in love with the man who helped murder them.

What are you doing here?

"Stop!" She shouted the word for Whizz to stop. The guilt ate away at her, making it hard for her to bring focus to her world. Dalton, Danny, the other Savage Brothers, had all died because of her. She was in love with the man who helped make it happen.

The knowledge of her feelings scared her.

She heard Whizz bang against the door. It only took three full body hits for the lock to snap, and the door to spring open. Lacey didn't move, staying underneath the now scalding hot water.

Keeping her head down between her thighs, she shook her head.

"Leave me alone."

"I'm not going to be leaving you."

"You killed them. You helped to kill the only family I had left." She didn't look up at him. She couldn't.

He opened the shower stall, climbing in. The door closed, and then he sat beside her.

"It's my fault."

"I've told you about this, Lacey. What happened to your club, to Dalton, wasn't your fault. They were going to stay alive until they took matters into their own hands. Storming the town hall and taking down those civilians while almost killing us cemented their fate. They were going to die."

"No." She shook her head.

"Yes. It's time for you to stop blaming yourself. The only thing you did was come and protect Butch. You came to me, and it saved your life. I lured you away, Lacey. You're not the one to blame."

"But if I'd not come to you they'd be alive."

His arm moved over her back. Whizz didn't make a sound as he held her for several seconds.

"Do you really think we wouldn't have killed them? We would have hunted your club down until we killed every last one of them. It didn't matter if you came to see me or not, Lacey. They were going to die for what they did."

"I'm alive."

"You saved yourself by coming to me, which I'm happy about. I can handle a lot but not your death." His arms surrounded her with warmth. She'd been cold for so long that she didn't think it was possible to ever be warm again.

Lacey said nothing else but accepted his touch. What else could she do?

****

Sunshine flitted around the kitchen, putting ingredients away. Alex took a sip of his expensive scotch as he watched her. She was twenty-five years old with her whole life ahead of her. Whizz had given him a background check on her when he hired her. He didn't want the deal he made with her parents to be known to The Skulls. Alex was a selfish bastard and wanted her to himself. She'd lived in Fort Wills all of her life, only leaving to go to college, but she had come back like so many people did. Alex had left Fort Wills when his family didn't want the influence of the town. Over the years Tiny had found him, and slowly he worked his way back here. His sister, Patricia, had come back to be with the man she loved. Had she really loved Tiny? Alex didn't know the truth.

He wasn't an idiot. His sister and Tiny hadn't had the perfect marriage. She hadn't wanted anything to do with the club. Many times he'd had to listen to her complain about the club and about Tiny. He'd reminded her that she was the one who'd wanted to marry Tiny.

Taking another sip of his drink, he stared down the length of Sunshine's back, wishing he knew what she looked like naked.

She'd not spoken to him since their first encounter when he walked through the door. He heard her cleaning, yet she kept a wide berth from him. The rumors about The Skulls clearly frightened her. Was she frightened of him? She was a smart woman if she was. He wasn't a good man.

"You've done a good job," he said.

Sunshine turned around, offering him a smile.

"Thank you, Alex." She was still nervous around him.

The shit the Savage Brothers had pulled had given them all more trouble than help. The town doubted their ability to take care of them. The past few years they'd all had to deal with the troubles that had faced them.

"Are you going to eat with me?" he asked.

He didn't want to eat alone. Cheryl and Michael were either at the clubhouse or the hospital. The club ate when they fancied. For once he didn't want to be alone while eating. He'd been alone for so long.

"Erm, if you want me to."

"I want you to."

She held the towel in her hands. Was she glued to the blasted thing?

"Okay, I'll, erm, I'll let you know when it's ready."

"Why are you still in Fort Wills?" he asked, wanting to talk to her longer. Alex was willing to use any excuse to keep her talking. He'd paid for her, not that she knew it, and her parents had already told him everything he needed to know about her.

"My family is here. I don't want to be anywhere else. Besides all the bad problems the town seems to face, I like it here." She looked at her hands before looking up at him.

He took another sip of his drink, staring at her.

"Why are you called Sunshine?"

Her smile had his gut clenching.

She's too fucking young.

"My mom and dad were told it would be impossible for them to have children. They'd been trying for years but couldn't afford to pay for the help of getting pregnant. My mom got sick, and the doctors gave her the news she was pregnant. They told me I was called Sunshine because that is what I was to them. I was their little ray of sunshine." She turned away, humming as finished drying up the dishes she washed.

Alex thought she was adorable. There was no room in his world for adorable. The women he fucked knew the score. He didn't do romance or anything else. When they got his attention, they knew to live by his rules or get out of the way.

Sunshine wasn't like any of those women. She was a small town woman with a normal family life. Not once had she been part of The Skulls or even looked ready to take on that world. Alex wanted her even with the large age gap between them. He was fifty years old and knew the way the world worked. Over the years he'd made his fair share of enemies. Sunshine was young, starting out in the world at twenty-five.

The need coursing round him had to be put to a stop. Sunshine was the last woman he should want, yet she was the one woman who plagued his thoughts. He was screwed either way.

Chapter Five

Whizz sat in the chair beside the bed. Lacey was still sleeping, and he couldn't bring himself to wake her. Last night after they'd fucked, she'd broken down in the shower. He couldn't believe he had to break a lock in order to get to her. Resting his elbows on his knees with his chin on his palm, he stared at her. He tried to make her understand, but he didn't know if she even heard him when he talked about the Savage Brothers. It wasn't her fault, none of it was. She'd been part of a club who'd been intent on causing problems in order to get their revenge.

Her eyes no longer looked red and puffy. For once she looked at peace, which was something, considering the pain she'd been in the night before. It didn't take a genius to realize that she was still hurting from the memory of the Savage Brothers. Even before she started talking he'd known exactly what was wrong with her.

Getting to his feet, Whizz left the room, closing the door behind him. Rose was coming out of the room looking sad. Her red hair hadn't been brushed, but she looked ready to snap at a moment's notice. She glanced at him.

"Please don't wake him."

"Are you leaving?" Whizz asked, walking beside her. They both had a partner they didn't want waking up.

She shrugged. "I don't know anymore."

The rest of the clubhouse was still asleep. They stepped into the kitchen. Whizz moved toward the coffee machine as Rose took a seat at the counter. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw her brushing her red hair. The length went down to her back, long and luscious. "Have you and Lacey made up?" Rose asked.

"I don't know. We were doing okay, and then, I don't know if you heard," he said, pulling two cups down from the cupboard.

"I heard you making up."

"She broke down in the shower afterward. I feel close to her, and then something snaps inside her, and she withdraws from me." He leaned against the counter, looking at her.

"It sounds to me like she's still hurting."

"What about you?" he asked.

Rose looked up at him. He'd always thought Rose was a beautiful woman when she was fully made up with makeup. The woman before him even vulnerable was totally breathtaking. Why did she wear makeup when she didn't need it?

"I don't know about me anymore."

"Ten years ago Hardy made a mistake."

Tears filled her eyes as she looked at him. "I know how long ago it was. For so long we've been happy. I think we've been happy, but I don't know anymore." She stared down at the brush in her hand. He was used to seeing Rose smile. This side to her was scary, depressing, and it tore at his heart to see her so sad. Rose was part of the club. He wasn't in love with her, but he did care about her.

"Is it because of the kids being born?" Whizz asked. "Are they a reminder of what you can't have and what you've lost?"

"Wow, the boys really weren't lying about you, were they? Since you were taken you don't beat around the bush." He went to apologize, but she held her hand up, stopping any apology he would have said. "Don't bother to say anything. It's true. You've gotten hard since Alan. Everyone sees it."

Whizz wished he could dispute what she said. He was a different man, a darker man than he ever thought possible. Cutting off the memory of torturing the man Gonzalez had sent to kill Eva, he forced himself to focus on Rose. He'd lost a part of himself with Alan. There was no way for him to ever get that back. This was the man he'd turned into.

"I love kids. Seeing the girls' happiness has not affected my own. I can share their happiness with them. I think Hardy and I have been hiding from the truth. If it was just a case of us moving on from what happened, it would have been different. I didn't move on." She was frowning, staring off into space as she talked. "I changed who I was. He didn't change himself." She licked her lips, putting the brush onto the table. "I wasn't the kind of woman who took her clothes off while dancing for the whole club to see." The tears that had been filling her eyes stumbled down her cheeks. "My life was filled with books, cooking, boring mundane crap that Hardy thought was cute. I was a virgin when he claimed me."

"I thought you hung around the club. I thought you were a sweet-butt."

"I did hang around the club, but I was with a sweet-butt who has since moved on. She stayed around, fucked several of the men, but Hardy caught sight of me and I never looked at anyone else. Hardy's always been like that for me." She shook her head. "We were young, and I was a fucking idiot. All he ever had to do was ask me for anything and I gave it to him. I never made him work hard for me. He had that ability. I don't know if every woman was like that. He was the first man I fell in love with."

"Are you going to leave him?"

"I don't know." She started to fiddle with the brush. "I think I need to, but then I worry."

Whizz didn't say anything as she went silent in between thoughts.

"I love him. I really do, and I hate what we're going through. I wake up, and I think, this day will be different. I can go back to pretending and forgetting, and then I look at him or he'll say something. It doesn't have to be relevant, and the memories come. I'm pulled back to that moment I realized the man I loved was fucking another woman. I wish there was something I could do or say to stop what's happening to us, but I can't." She tucked some of her red hair behind her ear. Her blue eyes blurred with tears. "I don't know if I can keep pretending to be something I'm not. This woman you all know, it's not me. It has never been me."

"You need to do what's right for you."

"The club is my life."

"Then find a way to forgive him or a way to move on. Your life isn't over, Rose. You're a beautiful woman. Give him a chance to love the woman you once were." Whizz poured them both a coffee. "Just out of curiosity did you wear glasses?"

Rose chuckled, wiping the tears from under her eyes. "I was the kid who wore glasses, braces-you name it, I had it. When I met Hardy, the braces were long gone. I wear contacts now." She shrugged.

"I'm not going to tell you what to do, Rose. The club loves you. You're part of us, and I hope you never turn your back on us."

"I won't." She reached over, touching his hand. "Thank you, Whizz." She stood up, grabbing a portable cup. "I'm going to go to the spa to clear my head. I've got some decisions to make. Please, don't tell Hardy where I am."

"He loves you," Whizz said.

"I know. He refuses to give me any space, and I need it." She walked out of the kitchen, leaving him alone.

Whizz didn't know how long he sat there before Gash made his way into the kitchen. He looked like he'd spent the whole night partying and not enough time sleeping. "Fuck, I feel awful."

"That's what you get for drinking all night."

"Raven's been keeping me company. I swear she's got a pussy that's never satisfied. I'm starting to think you need to share her in order to give her what she really wants." He poured himself a cup of black coffee, no sugar or milk. "Everyone else asleep?"

"Rose just popped out. She's gone to the spa, but she doesn't want Hardy to know."

"I remember them being so fucking solid. I tell you, it shocks me to see them struggling and I've been inside for five years. Everything has changed while I've been gone. Lash is settled with a good woman, too damn good for him. Nash became an addict. Tiny finally married Eva. Wherever I turn new shit is going down." Gash took a sip, wincing. "Fuck, that shit's horrible."

"I can't make coffee." Whizz took a sip, used to his brew.

"I was hoping Angel was up. She cooks the best food."

Stink walked into the room next followed by Sandy. The two were inseparable nowadays. Sandy didn't want to sleep with the club, and Stink had offered to keep her within his room without hitting on her. Stink was in love with Sandy, who had been a club whore up until she was hurt. Whizz knew the man would do anything to claim her as his own. She'd stopped sleeping with the men a couple of years ago, but Stink hadn't made his move.

"What are you doing today?" Whizz asked.

"I'm sticking around the club. Tiny's asked for me to wait before I take out my revenge." Gash shrugged. "I've got no choice but to wait for the bitch to pay."

"Whatever Tiny says is usually right," Sandy said, sitting beside him as Stink grabbed a coffee for himself.

Prue rounded the corner carrying Markus on her hip. Frowning, Whizz looked at Prue then at Markus. "You've all got dirty minds. I passed Killer and Kelsey's room. I heard her throwing up, and Markus was screaming. Killer needed some help, and I adore this little guy." Prue pressed a kiss to the boy's cheek. "Seriously, I'm in love with Zero. You're all dirty bastards."

"I didn't think anything about it," Sandy said, holding her hands up in surrender.

Whizz was already laughing. He loved winding Prue up. She was adorable when she was angry.

"I'm going to head out to see Butch," Whizz said, finishing his coffee off. "I've told Lacey she can move around the club. If she wakes before I get back will you show her around?" He directed his question at Prue.

"Sure thing. Angel and I have plans today to do a little shopping. We'll take Lacey with us, if you want?" Prue said.

"Sure." Whizz opened his wallet pulling out several large notes. "Here, make sure she buys whatever she needs." He gave the money to Prue.

"Will do. Say hi to Butch for me."

No one else said anything else as he made his way out of the clubhouse. The rest of the club was starting to wake up as he exited the building. The air was chilly as they were getting into fall. It wouldn't be long for the Halloween celebrations, Thanksgiving, and then Christmas. He wondered what would happen this Christmas with everything that was going on within the club.

Straddling his bike, he turned the key, firing up his bike. He drove out of the clubhouse, heading toward the hospital. It had been well over a week since he last saw Butch, and it was time he went to see his friend. When he'd first found out about his connection to the Savage Brothers he'd felt betrayed. In the days that had since passed, Whizz saw the predicament that Butch had gotten himself into. He wished there was something he could to help the other man.

The ride to the hospital was smooth without any problems. It was first thing in the morning, yet it was busy. He parked his bike, paid for the space, then entered the hospital. Several nurses on the front desk stopped to look at him. Whizz ignored them. He'd heard of the pussy that wanted to get close to The Skulls.

He went to the elevator and pressed the button to Butch's floor.

Holding his hands in front of him, he stepped out of the elevator then followed the long corridor until he made it to the room. Butch lay alone, pointing a remote up at the screen. Whizz stayed silent as he looked at his friend. Butch looked alone, and he hated seeing that. The Skulls were a family.

He fucked up.

Butch had fucked up, but he was still a Skull. It was going to be a long road to bring the trust back, but Whizz knew it was possible. All that had happened was the wrong shit had gone down at the wrong time.

Knocking on the window, he got Butch's attention. He noticed Butch tensed in the bed. Was he waiting for someone to take a shot at him? Had they all fucked up to the point to leave him scared?

Opening the door, Whizz stood in the doorway. "Are you in the mood for a visit, sir?"

Butch laughed. "Nah, it's good to see someone."

"What about Cheryl and Michael? I'm sure they've been paying regular visits," Whizz said, closing the door. He walked into the room, opening the curtain to let some light into the private room.

"They're here all the time. Michael needs to go to nursery, and Cheryl has the shop to look after."

"None of the other Skulls stopped by?"

"No. I don't mind. I understand." Butch placed the remote on the bed.

"You thought I was a hit." Whizz didn't pose it as a question.

"I fucked up."

"Tiny said you did enough to make sure you didn't die."

"Cheryl told me she had to blackmail you all." Butch stopped talking to put a hand to his neck. He'd almost died. If it wasn't for Cheryl, Butch would probably be dead. "I fucked up, and I deserved to be killed for my actions."

"You keep saying that."

"I know. I did, and now I've got to pay the price."

"Tiny won't go back on his word. You paid the price in giving us the club."

Butch looked doubtful. "It won't be seen like that. I didn't care about dying that day, Whizz. I only cared about putting right what I did wrong. I fucked up. Royally fucked up."

There wasn't anything Whizz could say. Butch was right. It was too little too late, but he had to believe in the club.

"I heard they got the Savage Brothers. Cheryl told me you wouldn't let them take Lacey?"

"She's the woman I was with while the mess was going on. I couldn't lose her."

"I told her to stay away from you." Butch ran a hand down his face. He looked old, withdrawn, and sad. "I didn't want her to hurt you, and yet you got hurt anyway."

"I'm not going to let anything happen to her. I can't let her go."

"Do you love her?" Butch asked.

"I don't know. I don't know if I love her, but I know I don't want to lose her." Whizz took a seat in the corner as Butch turned the television off.

"You're not angry with what I did."

"When it first happened I was pissed. I was so angry and hurt by what I thought of as your betrayal. It wasn't as bad as I first thought, but people died because of it. I know what happened. Lacey told me, and Cheryl told us the rest. You should have come to us. They were idiots for keeping it a secret."

"They're all dead now."

"Yeah."

"How's Lacey doing?"

"There are times I think she's handling it. Then there are other times she looks like she is falling apart." Whizz sat back in the chair, taking in Butch's form.

"She's been through a lot. I'm pleased she didn't die. Out of all of them she made the most sense."

Whizz stayed silent. Sometimes words were not necessary.

****

Lacey opened her eye to see a little boy staring at her. No, it was a baby boy. Stretching out her arms, she caught sight of a woman she knew as Prue sitting, holding the boy on her knee.

"It's about time. I really thought I was going to have to throw a fit to wake you up. I've been bored out of my mind, sitting here watching you sleep," Prue said.

"What are you doing here?" Lacey asked, seeing the door to the room open. The hustle and bustle of the house filled her senses. What was Prue doing in her room?

"Whizz has gone to the hospital to see Butch. He asked me to take you out shopping. Guess what? Angel's coming along with us. We're taking the kids with us though." Prue kept talking. She turned to a baby voice as she talked to Markus. "Tell Lacey that she has got to come."

Sitting up in bed, she held the blanket to her chest. Beneath the covers she was naked. Whizz had helped her wash her body then carried her through to the bed after drying her. She didn't want Prue to see her naked.

"You're naked. We'll leave you alone until you're dressed. I've got a feeling Markus is going to have it easy to pick up pussy." Prue stood, leaving the room.

"Oh, Angel left you clothes on the chair in the corner."

The door closed behind her, and Lacey thought she had entered the Twilight Zone. Pushing some hair off her face she glanced over at the clock to see it was past ten. She rarely slept in anymore. Last night she'd been so exhausted that she'd passed out cold. Her last memory was of Whizz curling around her as she lay on the bed. Pushing the blanket off her body, she grabbed the clothes then entered the bathroom. Her eyes didn't look red and puffy. Staring at her face, she actually looked refreshed, which scared her a little. She'd been in The Skulls' clubhouse, and yet she looked better for it rather than worse.

She went to the toilet, did her business, and washed her hands before brushing her teeth. Lacey dressed in the denim skirt and white maternity shirt that Angel had let her use. This would be the only time she wore maternity clothes.

Don't do it, Lacey. It's not worth it.

Walking back into the bedroom, she put on some sneakers after brushing her hair.

"Are you done yet?" Prue asked, speaking through the door. Opening the door, she stared at the other woman.

"I'm done."

"Come on. I'll feed you first. Whizz wants me to keep an eye on you."

She followed behind Prue as they walked downstairs. No one stopped this time to stare at her. It helped that Prue kept talking about everything and anything.

"Where did she go?" Hardy asked.

They entered the kitchen to find Hardy, Gash, Nash, and Steven talking. Angel was feeding her son as Eva was dealing with a temper tantrum from Tabitha.

"I don't know," Nash said. "I've only just got up. Give me a break."

"Rose isn't in my room, and she's not answering her cell."

"For fuck's sake, she wanted some space. Give it to her," Gash said, snapping.

"Where is she?" Hardy stepped toward the other man. Gash got to his feet, showing he wasn't threatened.

"You can get in my face all you want, Hardy. I'm not the one responsible for sticking my dick in the wrong woman. She wants space, deal with it, or you'll be dealing with a divorce." Gash snapped up his drink, storming out of the room.

"I love her. I don't want her to leave."

"Rose loves you, Hardy. Give her some space," Angel said, offering him a smile.

Taking a seat at the table, Lacey gasped as Prue put Markus in her arms. "Right, I was thinking we'll skip Fort Wills and go straight to the mall in the city. No one is keeping us locked up tight anymore. I need to get away," Prue said.

Markus wriggled in her arms and Lacey held on as she listened to the other woman. This was more than she could handle. She'd never held a child in all of her life.

"Lash won't be happy," Angel said.

"Screw Lash. This is a girls' day. What about you, Eva? Are you coming along?"

"I want Simon!" Tabitha threw her bowl off the table, glaring at her mother.

Eva rolled her eyes. "No! Tiny's right. I've put up with your temper long enough, lady. You're so going in the naughty corner." In quick moves, Eva put her daughter in the corner. "You will stay there and think about what you've done."

"She better stay there," Tiny said, appearing in the doorway.

Tabitha looked shocked to see her father watching. "That's right, missy. I saw you."

She stuck her lip out. "I want Simon!"

Tiny looked at Eva, frowning. "She means Devil's Simon, not Tate's."

Tabitha faced the wall, folding her arms over her chest. She looked every inch the spoilt little girl.

Prue placed a cup in front of her. "What do you want for breakfast?"

"Just some toast."

No one paid Lacey any attention as she held Markus close.

"How long has she been throwing her temper around?" Tiny asked.

"She liked Simon. They were close." Eva cleaned away the mess. "I've been talking with Lexie. Simon has been the same way."

"What do you want?" Tiny folded his arms, the same way his daughter had.

"We want to meet up."

Lacey tuned out as Angel started talking with Prue. "How's Kelsey?"

"She's vomiting. I think she's preggers again. It wouldn't surprise me. Killer is always on her." Prue finished making some breakfast then made her way over to her. She took Markus out of her arms. "Not that I can complain. They make beautiful kids."

"Are we inviting Tate along?" Angel asked.

"Don't go ruining my good mood."

"I'm not going," Tate said, walking into the room. Lacey looked behind her in time to see Tate smirk after she looked from her dad to Tabitha. She passed Tabitha on the way to the table, ruffling her head. "That's my girl."

"Don't encourage her, Tate," Tiny said.

Tate chuckled, taking a seat at the table. Her rounded stomach was starting to show. She'd almost lost her child after an attack from Gonzalez. Fortunately, Tate hadn't died, and neither had her unborn child.

"Get your own cereal," Prue said.

Angel looked at her. "Don't mind those two. They're always bickering."

Lacey felt like she was suffering from whiplash with the way the two women were talking. Eva and Tiny were talking, and Miles kept eating his food while glancing at his sister. Tabitha was dancing on the spot, not doing as she was asked. There was so much going on.

"Fine. You can go, but make sure Devil knows about it as well. I'm not going to be dealing with his shit because of you two."

"Lexie has already got Devil's agreement. We're going to meet up at Paradise Rocks."

"That's fucking hours away," Tiny said, spitting his coffee back into the cup.

"Yeah, but it meets at the middle. I'm not having Lexie come here and risk Devil kicking your ass. I'm not going to Piston County and have you follow me to kick his ass. Paradise Rocks is neutral territory. It's not owned by The Skulls or Chaos Bleeds. It's like Switzerland," Eva said.

Tiny looked like he wanted to say something else. He looked around the room, and his gaze settled on Lacey. "Does Whizz know you're out?"

She nodded. This man was scary as fuck. She didn't want his anger directed at her, not one bit.

"Don't you have a voice?"

"Dad, stop scaring her. Prue looks like she wants to shoot your ass, and I heard she's pretty mean with a gun," Tate said.

"Shut up." Prue glared at the other woman before turning to the president of The Skulls. "Whizz knows she's out. She's not a fucking dog. I'm taking her out with Angel."

"Lash know about this?"

Lacey wanted to die. They were treating her like she was something evil that needed to muzzled or something. Not that she could blame them. None of them knew her, not really. They only knew she had been part of a club that had killed several townsfolk. Eating her toast, she stayed quiet while the others started to talk.

"He knows, and he's fine with me going with them," Angel said, cleaning Anthony up.

"Really?"

Angel looked at Tiny. Her face was bright red. "Really. Lacey is not going to hurt me. You're being rude in treating her like you are." She stood, turning her back to Tiny. Lacey saw her hands were shaking.

"Dad, enough already. You keep questioning Angel then Lash is going to kick your ass." Tate took a spoonful of her cereal and smiled at him. "Besides, Tabitha's more likely to hurt Angel than Lacey."

"Am not." Tabitha's little voice came from the corner.

"Are too," Tate said, sticking her tongue out at her little sister. The two sisters were also giggling as they played with their dad.

"Stop it, you two," Tiny said, shaking his head. "Your mom's going to see Lexie with Simon. I better not hear any more crap from you, missy." He pointed his finger at Tabitha before moving onto Tate. "You should know better. You've got a kid of your own and one on the way."

"Will do." Tate saluted him.

He shook his head, walking out.

Tabitha walked over to her sister, and they high-fived. "We had him, did you see?"

"Yep."

Was this what it was to be a family? Lacey had been ten years old when her family had been torn from her. Pushing the thoughts aside, she finished eating as Zero walked into the kitchen.

"What have I told you about leaving my bed?" He pulled Prue into his arms, slamming his lips down on hers.

Lacey wished she could have something like that. Zero was careful of Markus as he kissed Prue.

"You were snoring your ass off. I've been awake for ages. I'm not lying around all morning just to get a kiss with your morning breath."

"Woman, I swear I'll spank your ass."

Prue's smile grew wider. "Is that a promise?"

Everywhere Lacey turned the signs of love and devotion were clear to see. Lacey finished her food, climbed off her chair, and made her way to the sink. She washed the dish aware of her hands shaking.

Angel stood beside her. "It's okay to be nervous. I was nervous when I first arrived here."

She smiled at the other woman, hating her reaction to being around the club. Lacey wanted to be part of it while she felt she didn't deserve it. Her family was long gone, dead, by the men who were now around her.

"Stop mauling me." Prue slapped Zero in the gut. "It's time for us to go before we get stuck in a shitload of traffic."

"Come on."

"Wait, have any of you seen Rose?" Zero asked.

Angel had grabbed her arm and started leading her out of the room. The two women stopped to look at Zero.

Prue tilted her head to the side to observe her man. "We don't know."

He stared right back at her. "You know where she is."

She snorted. "Of course I do. I'm not going to tell you for you to run right off back to Hardy. That man needs to learn to go without. He should have known to keep his dick in his pants." They headed out of the clubhouse with Anthony and Markus with them. Prue placed the two pushchairs in the trunk of the car as Angel secured the two kids in their car seats.

"Right, Lacey, you've got a choice. You can sit between the two brats or you can sit beside me. Angel doesn't mind where she sits so long as she's got an eye on the boys."

"I'll sit up front with you." Lacey didn't handle kids, and hadn't touched kids since her ordeal. The last thing she wanted to do was get involved with what she could never have. On the road she couldn't even get a puppy as they didn't have the means to keep one. From the moment the guys had it fixed in their head to deal with Gonzalez, she hadn't been able to settle down.

Get over it.

Lacey didn't know what to expect from the future. If she was honest with herself, the prospect of the future terrified her.

****

"What's going on?" Tiny asked, brushing past Alex to walk into his home. Alex heard Sunshine in the kitchen dealing with his breakfast. He enjoyed being at home a lot more than he did being at the clubhouse right now. The men were angry at him for what he had done to Butch and keeping it from the club. It had been his idea, his decision that Tiny had agreed to, and the men were not happy with it.

"Nothing."

"You're hiding out in your house because of the shit that went down between Devil and me?" Tiny folded his hands. The sound of pans banging around drew Tiny's attention. "Who's that?"

"Sunshine. She's my housekeeper and has been since I bought this place well over a year ago."

"You've had this place a year and you didn't tell me?"

Alex hadn't told anyone about his purchase of this place. He didn't want any of the club descending on him unnecessarily, and also, he didn't want any of the club to be near Sunshine. By keeping his place a secret, he kept Sunshine to himself. From the moment he saw her he'd not touched another woman, hadn't wanted another woman.

"This is my business, and it doesn't affect the club."

"You wanted to give up your life in Vegas, the casino, all the shit Ned had coming your way to come to my town. Why the fuck are you in my town if you're going to keep shit from me?" Tiny asked.

"I helped create this town. I helped you, Tiny."

"Yeah, I know you helped me. I know you were always there, but you were not part of the club, Alex. You were a businessman who wore a fancy suit. I did all the shit here. I got my hands dirty while you stayed away. When Michael came out of the woodwork, you told me you wanted to be part of the club. What's changed?"

Alex rested his hands on his hips. He wore a pair of jeans and a crisp white shirt. The scent of Sunshine was on everything. These were the clothes he bought when he hired her. She washed and pressed them regularly even though she didn't need to. Everything smelled of her. She'd been the only woman in the house for so long, and he loved it. He didn't have to share her with her family as they stayed within town. Sunshine did leave the house to visit them.

"Devil was right. I don't know the first thing about running a club. You need to take care of The Skulls by yourself."

"You're not backing away from the club. You wouldn't even let Butch back away."

"I'm not backing away. I just see it useless me trying to be something I'm clearly not." Alex shrugged. "He was right."

Tiny started laughing. "Devil and I are no longer talking and you're going to back down from the club."

"He was right."

"What about Michael? What about your son? He's part of the club whether you like it or not. Are you going to back down?" Tiny asked.

"Alex?" Sunshine spoke his name, drawing both of their attention away from the argument. "Would you both like a coffee or some food?" She was holding a blasted towel again. He hated her constantly holding a towel.

"I'd love one, Sunshine, thank you." Tiny smiled at her.

"How do you know Sunshine?" Alex asked, jealousy hitting him.

"She's lived in Fort Wills for a long time, Alex. I know her parents, for crying out loud. It's a small town, and you need to get your head out of your ass or go back to Vegas. I don't want you around if you're about to go fucking pussy on me." Tiny poked him in the chest before heading into the kitchen.

Tiny was right. Something needed to give in his life, and he had to make a choice.

Chapter Six

Whizz left Butch to Cheryl and Michael. He was really happy that he'd visited Butch. Spending time with him made him realize that Butch had only been doing what he thought was right. It hadn't been and he'd put them all in danger, yet Butch had suffered the most out of the club. The civilians that lost their lives were a tragedy. The Savage Brothers had been a problem even without Butch's involvement. From what he learned from Lacey, they were determined to seek revenge and use anyone they could to get what they wanted.

The look on Butch's face when Cheryl and Michael walked in the room would stay with Whizz for a long time. Hope, happiness, and joy had crossed Butch's face. They were a family outside of The Skulls. Cheryl had really come through for her man. She was strong through and through.

Climbing onto his bike he headed back to the clubhouse. Driving inside the compound walls, he saw Eva had most of the kids in the play area. Tate was sitting on one of the swings watching the chaos unfold. Hardy was sat on the wall beside his bike, smoking.

Parking the bike, he joined Hardy. He turned down the offer of a cigarette.

"Doesn't your woman want you smoking?" Hardy asked. His voice was gravelly as if he was on the verge of breaking down.

"What's gone up your ass and took a shit?" Whizz took a seat beside him. The last thing he wanted to do was deal with Hardy. Ever since the truth had come out, Hardy had become bitter. Whizz didn't know about the other club members but he was tired of dealing with the asshole. Ten years ago, the fucker had made a mistake. It wasn't anyone else's fault but his own. Whatever reason Rose had for finally breaking apart was her own. Hardy wasn't dealing and neither was Rose, and that was the problem. Rose hadn't really been dealing with it for the past ten years. She'd been pushing it aside as if it didn't matter. The couple was paying that price now.

"Where's Rose?"

Whizz glanced at his watch to see it was after lunch. "Is Lacey out with Prue and Angel?"

"Where's Rose?"

Murphy walked out of the clubhouse, heading toward Tate. Whizz watched his friend kiss her head, and he was shocked by what he saw. Tate smiled up at Murphy, reaching up to cup his face. His friend did the same to Tate. He read the words on her lips. "I love you."

In all the years he'd known Tate, he'd never once seen her act like a human. This was a first for him to witness. The love on her face tore down the hard assed bitch he'd known her to be.

When the moment was over, Murphy made his way over to them, looking happy.

"Hey, guys, how's it hanging?" Murphy pulled out a cigarette and took a long drag.

"Fine, you?" Whizz asked.

"I can't complain. I've got a good woman, a good life, and for once in our life there's no fucking enemy." Murphy held his arms open with a smile on his face. "We've got the world to look forward to."

"Life's good for some of you," Hardy said.

Rolling his eyes, Whizz glanced at Hardy. "For fuck's sake it's not the club's problem that you couldn't keep your dick in your pants. It would do Rose good if she gets rid of your ass. All you fucking do is moan."

"What the fuck did you say?" Hardy asked, throwing his cigarette to the ground and stamping it out.

"You heard me. You're the one who didn't see what you had in front of you. Like always you wanted something more, something you shouldn't have. Rose changed herself for you. What did you do?"

"I didn't touch another fucking woman. I kept Rose with me at all times." Hardy took a step closer to him.

"Wow, good for you," Whizz said. "You gave her fuck all while she had to make the effort. What exactly did you do besides keep her pussy on tap for you? You don't deserve her. Rose should leave your ass and find another man who can give her what she needs."

Whizz fell on his ass from Hardy's punch.

"Hold up," Murphy said, grabbing Hardy.

"You little fucking punk. Come on, get up." Hardy spat the words back to him.

Wiping the blood from underneath his nose, Whizz got to his feet.

"Everyone's treating you like fucking porcelain around here because of the shit that happened to you."

Any other time Whizz would have withdrawn. He'd walk away as the memories would be too hard to handle. Lacey's face as he slid inside her warm heat invaded every single one of his senses, forcing the bad memories away. He was no longer held in place, scared, terrified. Standing tall, he glared at Hardy.

"And you're too busy whining like a fucking pussy. 'Rose is going to leave me. Where's Rose? I don't know what I'll do.' Be a fucking man," Whizz said, mimicking Hardy's voice before returning to his own. He told Murphy to let Hardy go. He wanted to take on the fucker.

Murphy let Hardy go, but Whizz was ready for him. He took the impact from Hardy's body, sliding to the ground. Hitting his ass hard on the ground, Whizz grunted but rolled, slamming his fist against Hardy's face. The other man jerked back but not before landing a blow to his stomach. Whizz welcomed the pain as he looked at Hardy.

"You've got no idea what you're talking about," Hardy said, wiping the blood from his lip.

"You're right, I don't. I've never cheated on one of my women with a whore. Or was she a sweet-butt? I wonder how many other brothers had her ass before you got to her. Rose was a virgin when you took her. I thought she was part of the club, but she wasn't, was she?" Whizz asked.

The first time he joined The Skulls, he'd truly believed Rose started out as a sweet-butt. They'd gotten her confused with her friend. Rose had come with a sweet-butt and caught Hardy's eye. She hadn't been passed around the brothers like Whizz had thought. There was a lot about the couple he didn't know.

Hardy landed a punch to Whizz's face, clocking his ribs before he pushed Hardy back.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Sandy asked, pushing her way through the crowd. Eva was herding up the children to get them out of sight. The other brothers were crowding around them including the three prospects they'd taken on, Baker, Fighter, and Ink.

"Teaching this little bastard a lesson." Hardy went to land another blow, but Whizz stopped him by blocking the hit, then slamming one of his own underneath Hardy's chin.

They fought for a good ten minutes before they both ended up on the floor, rolling around, hitting each other, firing out curses. No one tried to stop them.

Whizz heard a car pull up in the distance. Both of them looked up to see Rose and Tiny climbing out of the car. They jerked apart as if their father had caught them. His body ached from the punches, and he might even have a cracked rib or two from Hardy's fists.

"What the fuck is going on?" Tiny asked. Their president looked past the group to glare at Lash.

"Don't look at me. I wasn't doing anything."

"You weren't fucking stopping it either," Tiny said, glaring.

Yep, Lash was trying to do a bad job so Tiny would have to pick another brother to take over the club.

"I'll deal with you later," Tiny said, pointing at Lash. "What are you two doing?"

Whizz looked to Hardy to see him looking back. "Nothing."

"No, you don't get to nothing me. For the first time in over five fucking years we're enemy free. We're getting our shit back together. Gonzalez took a shitload from us, we were forced to wipe out another club, and one of our brothers is laid up in hospital scared shitless that we're going to off him. I come home to find two more brothers beating the shit out of each other. You better have a good fucking reason as to why you're doing it as 'nothing' is not going to fucking cut it with me."

Neither of them spoke.

"They were arguing about Rose," Tate said, standing in front of Murphy. Whizz glared toward the other woman. She shrugged. "You were fighting about her. Hardy's been whining about her being gone. Shit got said, and it escalated."

He should have known Tate couldn't keep her mouth shut.

"You can't do it, can you?" Rose asked, glaring at Hardy. "Why can't you give me some peace, just for once?"

Tears were in her eyes as she stared back at her man.

"Baby, I love you. I was worried." Hardy's entire demeanor changed. Whizz saw the love Hardy had for his woman, yet Rose held herself back. It hurt to see the two fighting so damn hard when they both loved one another.

"No, you were worried that I wasn't coming back. You don't love me. You're used to having me around." She shook her head. "I went to the spa to relax, clear my head, and I come home to find you beating the shit out of Whizz."

Rose started walking away. No one stopped her or Hardy as he made to follow after her.

"I don't want you to come with me. I'm tired of this. I'm done." She looked behind her toward Tiny. "Will you drive me back home?" She started to walk toward Tiny again.

The devastation on Hardy's face was clear for the whole club to see, but no one stepped in. This was not their fight.

"Rose, baby, don't go."

She ignored him. "I want to go back home. Can you please keep him away from me?" Rose spoke to Tiny with her back to Hardy.

"Are you sure about that?"

"I've tried to get some time to myself. He won't give it me, and this is the next best thing." She tucked some hair behind her ear. "This is the only way."

Tiny looked over her shoulder toward Hardy.

"No, Tiny, please, man, don't do this. Rose, baby, we can fix this. I promised you we could fix this. It was ten years ago."

She whirled around and shoved him away hard. Hardy was invading her space. "It was ten years ago, but what have you given me, Hardy? What do I have to show for this? You've gotten everything you ever wanted. I was so scared of losing you that I changed. I never did anything wrong. In all the time we've been together I never once looked at another man, yet all you did was look at other women. I know you do. I don't care how long it has been or what you need, Hardy. This is what I need, and for once I'm going to handle what I need."

She was wrong about Hardy looking at other women. Whizz may have been mistaken about who she was with regards to the club, but Hardy didn't look at any other woman but Rose.

No one stopped her as she climbed back into Tiny's car. Whizz followed Tiny's gaze to see him looking toward Eva, who was nodding her head. She agreed with Rose. It was time to take her home until Rose made a decision that was entirely her own.

Whizz's heart broke for Hardy as he watched Tiny pull his woman out of the clubhouse. No one could stop this. Tiny had made his decision.

"I don't get it. What does this mean?" Ink said.

"It means Hardy can't leave the compound without one of us," Lash said. "Rose doesn't want him near her. It's our job to keep him contained and away from her. Tiny makes sure women have a choice to leave the club without their man. This is a safety net for all women. It also stops any brother who is beating on his wife from getting away with it."

He watched Hardy's chest rise and fall with each indrawn breath. "It means she's done with me. She's going to divorce me now." He turned away walking toward the clubhouse.

"Hardy," Whizz said.

"Don't, Whizz. I shouldn't have hit out at you. This is my problem and has been for ten years, but I was too fucking stupid to see it."

No one stopped Hardy as he made his way back into the clubhouse. The defeat could be seen in the way he carried his shoulders. The fight had left Hardy.

Slowly, the rest of The Skulls made their way to finish their business. Baker stayed behind. "How do you become a member?" he asked.

Frowning, Whizz turned to the prospect that he knew was favored to be voted in first. "You mean to tell me you joined a club where you don't know how to become a member? Do you know how messed up that is?"

Baker shrugged. "The Skulls' reputation is something I want to be part of. You're a family. I see that every day I'm with you. I don't have a family. I don't have anyone. I'd rather do some crazy shit that makes me part of it than not."

"What if we want you to take a woman's cherry? Or sacrifice a chicken at dawn or some shit?" Whizz couldn't believe there was a man who didn't have the first clue what to do to make him part of the club.

"Then I'll do it."

Shaking his head, Whizz looked toward the door to see Eva standing there, waiting for Tiny to get back.

"We all agree that we want you to be voted in, and then we head up to the warehouse or we do it right here. You take on the brothers. If you're still standing, you're in. If you go down with one punch, you're out." Whizz hit him on the back. "Want my advice? Start practicing. These bastards will fucking kill you."

He headed toward Eva. She was stood nibbling her lip looking nervous.

"Are you okay?"

"I don't know. Tiny doesn't look in the mood to deal with my dad, does he?"

"Is Tiny ever ready to deal with Ned?"

"I don't know, but he's going to have to."

"Ned's on his way here?"

"It has been too long since he's been here. He's coming for a visit. Gonzalez is gone as are all the threats. Daddy will be here by tomorrow morning."

Whizz whistled. "I look forward to it."

"He's bringing some of his fighters for the trip."

"Okay, that's a shock." Whizz frowned.

"I don't know why." Eva nibbled her lip.

"I'd just tell him. Spurt it out like a Band-Aid." Whizz tapped her shoulder and made his way into the clubhouse. "Did Lacey go with Prue and Angel?"

"Yeah, she looked nervous as hell though. She's not what I thought she would be."

"What do you mean?" Whizz asked, curious.

"She looked scared. I saw her hands shaking while she washed her dish. I don't think she's used to being surrounded by family. We unnerve her."

"Lacey had a family. She's surrounded by the men who took her family out."

"I don't know. I think it's more than that. We're pretty strange to take in at first." Eva shrugged. "I hope she can forgive us for what we did. I can see you care about her a lot. She's changed you where none of us could."

Whizz nodded. "She has changed me." He'd be lying if he said she didn't. He wasn't the same man as before he met her. Before Lacey he'd have stayed in his room, refusing to come out. There was no way he'd have gotten involved with Hardy or even spent the time to talk to Rose. He'd have stayed cut off from it all, away from the main club. He hadn't fought anyone in so long that he was surprised he still knew how to fight. "I've got to go. Hardy got me good."

Eva moved out of the way to let him pass. He wondered how Lacey was getting on. Whizz doubted she'd ever had a day with the girls. Angel and Prue were two completely different women in looks and in personality. It would be interesting to see how she survived.

****

"You have got to buy that dress. It matches your hair, and it molds to your curves, Lacey," Prue said.

Lacey turned this way and that. She wore a pair of sneakers as she moved for both women to see her in the different clothes. Neither woman had left her alone for two minutes to get her thoughts together.

Angel appeared out of the dressing room, whistling. "Prue's right. It's perfect, and I know Whizz would love to see you in that."

She turned to look at Angel, who wore a pair of tight jeans that emphasized her rounded ass. The other woman didn't look fat but sensual.

"Do you really think Lash will let you wear jeans?" Prue asked.

"I wear jeans all the time." Angel tucked her blonde hair behind her ear. Her cheeks were a lovely shade of red.

"Correction, he let you wear jeans when you were pregnant and there was no chance for him to get a look in. Those jeans will spend more time around your ankles than around your waist."

Lacey laughed as Angel's face turned a deeper shade of red. "There are times I prefer having Tate with me. She'd tell me to kick Lash's ass."

"I'm Prue, and you've chosen me because we both know Tate's a pain in the ass when she's got the pregnancy hormones."

Anthony and Markus were both asleep in their pushchairs. Prue had decided to sit this shop out to take care of the boys.

"You should get that one, Lacey. I love it," Angel said, fingering the edge of the fabric.

"If it's money you're worried about, don't be. Whizz already gave me a stash of cash to pay for you." Prue leaned back to watch them both.

"Okay." Going back into the dressing room, Lacey closed the door, giving herself a little privacy.

"We're taking her to the lingerie shop next, Angel. I don't care how embarrassed you get around underwear." Prue's voice was filled with laughter.

Lacey had never had female friends or been shopping like this. Most of the time Dalton brought her back clothes that was a size or two bigger than she needed. She couldn't recall the last time she'd gone shopping for herself, if she ever had. It had been hard to do anything by herself. She would have hated Dalton waiting around for her to try on clothes.

Staring at her reflection she wondered if she should get her hopes up only to have them dashed away. Prue and Angel were both amazing women, yet they were totally different. She liked them both and knew if given the time she'd become firm friends with them.

Once Whizz was done with her, she'd be cast aside, and forced to live her life once again without them. The Skulls, if they let her live, wouldn't allow her to have any contact with the two women.

The very thought of Whizz moving on hurt. She rubbed at her chest trying to soothe the pain.

"Come on, Lacey. It's time for us to go."

"I'm coming."

Removing the dress she was careful with the fabric. She had taken a look at the price and was so nervous about tearing the dress. She wasn't used to such expensive clothes. Most of the clothes she wore were cheap. The Savage Brothers didn't have a lot of cash to spare on the luxury of fancy clothes. Lacey rushed to put her clothes on, feeling more like herself even though she wore Angel's old maternity clothes.

Angel and Prue were waiting for her as she opened the changing room door.

"We thought you were going to stay camped out there all day."

Smiling, she shook her head. "No." She held up the dress for Prue to take.

"I'll buy this, and then we're onto the lingerie store." Prue pointed at the pushchair, and she made her way out of the store to follow Angel.

"You're not used to this, are you?" Angel asked, pocketing her purse.

"What do you mean?"

"Hanging out with the girls. You're not used to it. I can see how nervous you are. You don't need to be nervous." Angel smiled, reaching out to touch her arm.

It took every ounce of strength not to pull away from her touch. The only person she'd been able to handle touching her was Whizz. He was the one person she trusted with her body. Dalton was dead, so he no longer counted as the man she trusted to touch her.

"I'm not used to it. I've, erm, I've never actually been out shopping for my own clothes."

She started to twiddle the shirt in her fingers. They were outside the store with people passing them. Lacey hadn't ever been relaxed out in the open before. There were too many people who could hurt her for her to be relaxed.

"Don't worry about it. You've got to learn to trust us. We're not the enemy here. You'll get used to being out with us. None of us bite, I promise. Well, apart from Tate if she's in a mood."

Lacey laughed. How could she not? Angel was doing everything in her power to make her feel comfortable.

Prue walked out of the store with their bags. "Here, ladies."

Angel took both and placed them on the pushchair. Her cell phone went off. Lacey waited while Angel looked at her phone.

"Lash checking up on you."

"He's not checking up on me. I've told you before, he worries about me all the time." Angel typed a response and pocketed her phone.

Prue rolled her eyes, turning to look at Lacey. "Her man worries about her. I'm surprised he let you out to play. He's very possessive about where you go."

Angel shook her head. "And you wonder why Tate annoys you."

"Hey, I'm a better option than Tate. She's a bitch naturally. I just say it like it is. Lash is smitten. Nothing wrong with that."

Lacey stood between the two women as they kept talking, bantering back and forth.

"Is that Gash?" Prue asked, pointing ahead of them.

Lacey followed where she was pointing, and sure enough there was Gash, leaning against the wall. Several women were surrounding him, trying to get his attention. None of the women succeeded. When he spotted them walking toward him, he moved away.

"Hey, ladies, I thought I'd catch up with you."

"You lost at cards, didn't you?" Angel asked, staring at the man with a smile.

"I may have played a quick game of cards with the boys and lost."

"What did you have to pay?" Prue asked, looking suspicious.

"Did I have to pay anything?" Gash stretched, glancing at all of the women.

"Is this because of me?" Lacey asked, feeling awful that the men needed to keep an eye on her.

"Sorry, darling. This has nothing to do with you. The last thing the boys want to be doing is shopping. I lost at cards and drew the short straw to keep an eye on you girls."

"What happened to the prospect that usually tails us?" Prue asked, glaring.

"Ink is keeping an eye on Rose. She's finally upped and left Hardy, asking for Tiny to keep him away. Fighter is pretty much by Hardy's side to make sure he doesn't try to escape.

"What about Baker? What's he doing?"

"He had to go home with Eva. We're getting a visit from Ned and a couple of his fighters tomorrow. All the prospects are out of commission, which leaves one of us. I played a shitty game, and I get to pay the price by escorting you lovely ladies around."

"You sound thrilled by that." Angel turned toward her. "One of the men usually tails us when we leave Fort Wills. It's one of the deals we all had to make. Sometimes our men will come with us, or they'll give us some space to be ourselves. It has been a hectic couple of years. We've not had a choice but to have someone with us at all times."

"It has been a sucky couple of years, and I've not been through most of it," Prue said.

"Yeah, I heard," Gash said. "Where are we going now?"

Lacey watched as Prue and Angel looked at each other then at her.

"We're going to the lingerie store. It'll be perfect. You can babysit while we check out some new sets."

Gash groaned. "It just had to be my luck. There better be no teasing from you."

Lacey chuckled at the look of horror on Gash's face.

They started walking toward the lingerie store. Keeping her hands at her sides, Lacey followed the two women into the store, wishing she was anywhere else but there. Angel and Prue left the pushchairs in Gash's company as they all started looking around. Gash didn't comment. He stood with both chairs, looking in control.

"Do you think he'll stay out of the way?" Prue asked, chuckling.

Gash cleared his throat. "I've been in prison for five years, ladies. Seeing underwear is still a turn-on to me. I'm no different from a teenage boy." He whistled, working both pushchairs as if he was a natural.

"Go and take a look," Prue said.

They split up, and Lacey started looking through the underwear on display. She saw the aisle that held the style of bras and panties that she usually wore. They were plain white and black with no design, simple. Her breasts were large, and when growing up she'd hated how uncomfortable bras could become. Dalton had the worst judgment when it came to her breasts. He was always getting the wrong size, not that she blamed him.

Looking through them, she heard Gash clear his throat. Glancing behind her, she saw Gash was leaning against the wall staring at her.

Heat filled her cheeks as he watched her. Was he turned on by looking at underwear?

"You're going with Whizz?"

She stared into his face wishing she knew the answer to that. At least he wasn't thinking about sex if he was talking about Whizz. "I don't know."

"You fucked him yet?"

An older woman in her fifties passed them, giving Gash a glare.

"Bite me, woman. I'm not asking you. Anyone would think they hadn't been fucked by a cock. It's how you get fucking kids." Gash stared at the woman before she scampered away from them. "I hate it when bitches think I care what they think." He shook his head before smiling back at her. "Well?"

"Yes, we've fucked."

"Then you're his woman. He doesn't want to see your sweet ass in shit like that. Fuck me, I bet my own grandma wore better shit than that. If Whizz has sent you out with money, he wants you to do something different." He moved away from the wall. Markus and Anthony were still asleep in the pushchairs, but they faced them. "Buy something sexy. Do you want Whizz?"

"I can pick out my own underwear." This couldn't get any more embarrassing. She didn't even know Gash and he was giving her advice on what underwear to pick out.

"You're looking at the shit that's not sexy at all. You want Whizz, you want to keep him, step your game up. Pick the kind of underwear a man wants to remove with his teeth." Gash kept staring at her, unnerving her with the intensity of his gaze.

"Why does this mean so much to you?" she asked. "You know who I am. The club I belonged to."

"And I've heard about Whizz. You've changed him. He wants you, Lacey. If you want him, then start fighting to keep him. Once the brothers see what you mean to Whizz, they'll back off. Besides, I didn't realize you were a selfish bitch."

"What? I'm not."

"No? Then why are you taking all the credit for all the bad shit going on? Stop being selfish and see that the blame falls equally."

He stepped back, giving her some space. Okay, Gash was a little different from all the other brothers she'd met. He didn't blame her for all the problems happening in their life, but still, it didn't stop her from being slightly frightened of him. The man was huge in every way possible.

She looked at the wall and thought about Whizz. He was the first man she truly wanted to keep. Dalton hadn't been hers, and she'd not wanted him.

Reaching out, she stopped before she grabbed one of the bras. She wanted Whizz to look at her the way Lash did Angel, Zero did Prue, and Tiny did Eva. Lacey could stand there all day thinking about the looks the men shared with their women. She wanted Whizz to look at her and to know that when he got her alone, she was going to be screaming in pleasure within seconds. She wanted him to want her, not just want but to crave her. Above everything else, she wanted to feel like a woman just once in her life.

Moving away from the bland underwear she went in search of something sexy, something she wouldn't dare wear before Whizz.

"That's my girl," Gash said.

Her cheeks had to be as red as Angel's with the way Gash praised her. He didn't take the piss, only encouraged her. His presence had nothing to do with helping her personally. Gash was clearly only helping out another brother, but his advice was oddly comforting. This was the first time she'd picked out anything beautiful to enhance her assets.

"You've got large tits, Lacey. Get something to show them off."

The women who passed Gash looked disgusted by him. She saw the interest in some of the women's eyes as well. Gash wasn't every woman's cup of tea, but he certainly made for an interesting shopping experience.

For the next hour she bought so many sets of bras and panties to tease and delight Whizz when she finally saw him. It was getting late, and hunger hit her hard.

"Come on," Prue said. "I'm starving, and I can't wait until we get home."

They headed toward the food court and settled on the burger joint for their food. Lacey sat with Gash and the boys.

"You don't need to be embarrassed by what you've bought," he said.

"I'm not." She tucked some hair behind her ear. She was a little embarrassed that it took a man to get her to buy something sexy.

"Do you care about Whizz?" The fun-loving man that was there when Angel and Prue were there disappeared.

"Yes." She wasn't going to lie. Gash scared her. Killer and Lash were supposed to be the men no one messed with. She heard both men could kill a man with their bare hands. From the look on Gash's face, his demeanor, she knew he held a lot of secrets inside him, dangerous secrets. Five years in prison for rape and murder would do that to a man.

"Good. He's been through a lot. I heard so have you."

"I've survived."

"The ink on your wrists isn't a good enough indication that you've been surviving. It looks like you're only just getting through."

"I fucked up when I was younger. I've not tried to kill myself in over a decade."

Gash tilted his head to the side. "You're not going to kill yourself anymore."

"I've thought about it. I deserve it."

"Why?"

She gritted her teeth, glaring at him.

"I'm not going to stop with my questions. You may as well answer them. From the look in your eye you're back to feeling guilty again."

"I was selfish. I wanted one more chance to see Whizz, and when I did, you all took out my club." She stopped talking. Her hands were shaking. "I deserved to die with them. They died because of me."

"You've got that guilt and blame down to a tee. You lived because of Whizz." He leaned over the table to get close. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Angel and Prue were ordering their food. They were in a long queue, which left her alone with Gash. "If it wasn't for him, you'd be dead along with those men. Your crew, the fuckers who thought they could mess in our town, would have gotten you killed." He held his hand up to stop her from talking. "Did you agree with what they were doing?"

"It doesn't matter if I agreed. I went along with them."

"You didn't agree with them. You, Lacey, you came to the hospital to make sure we didn't kill Butch. You're not like your club. Whatever guilt you've got, you have to let it go. It's not worth it."

"Why are you telling me this? Why are you trying to help me?" she asked. "I'm not part of the club."

"I'm doing this to help Whizz. He deserves it. I'm helping him, and I see the way he is with you. I heard what the guys said from the moment you entered Whizz's life. You're both fucking broken, and together you can fix each other. Don't feel guilty. Those men who thought they were getting revenge would have killed you eventually, not with their own gun, but by their own actions."

He pulled away, smiling as the other two women placed the trays of food on the counter.

"Hey. We loaded up on everything," Angel said, taking a seat beside her as Prue sat beside Gash.

Lacey picked up the burger filled with gherkins, sauce, tomatoes, and everything else. Taking a bite she savored the flavor as they all started to talk about what they needed to do when they got home. Would it be so wrong to let the guilt fade?

They killed your club.

Closing her eyes, she let out a moan to disguise the pain. No matter how many times she thought about what they did, she couldn't hate Whizz. She didn't know what she was going to do.

Chapter Seven

Whizz took his shot on the pool table. Tiny was playing in the games room while Eva cooked dinner for the club. Lash and Nash were arguing over cards. Steven watched the game, drinking a beer. Zero kept looking at his watch.

"Why aren't you guys worried about your women?" Zero asked, giving into his frustration.

Glancing over at the clock on the far wall, Whizz saw it was only a little after four. Lacey had been gone for most of the day. He missed her, but he hoped she had fun. When he asked for her to live, he'd not planned to keep her a prisoner within his home. This was his home. He'd not gone and bought a place like the other members. He would look into getting a place later.

"Gash is with them. I'm sure they're okay," Lash said.

Sophia walked into the room going toward Nash. She wrapped her arms around his neck to kiss his cheek. "How are you feeling?" he asked.

"I'm fine. Rachel's spending some time with Eva and the kids."

Whizz took his shot, listening to the couple. Rachel was Nash and Sophia's daughter. Unlike Lash and Killer, who had sons, Nash had been blessed with a daughter. Sophia was also pregnant with their second child but only a few weeks along.

"Can you believe he's coming to town? I was talking to him the other day and not once did he tell me he planned a visit," Tiny said.

"Ned does what he wants. He probably is just coming to check on his daughter and grandkids." Whizz watched as Tiny took the shot. The ball was going too fast and smacked into the side only to careen the balls all over the table. His head wasn't in the game.

"I don't know. I've got the money I owe him back. Our funds have gone back to normal, thank fuck. Child services have also taken a step back. There's nothing wrong with our kids," Tiny said.

"Rachel had a rough night after going with child services. She wakes us up in the middle of the night now only to make sure we're there. The bastards put the fear of God knows what into her," Nash said.

"She's getting better," Sophia said. "It's taking some time for her, but she's getting there."

Whizz was thankful he didn't have any kids to worry about. Unlike most of the couples, they had kids who had been taken for one day and night before they were able to get them back. All of it was because of Gonzalez. Now Gonzalez was out of the picture, and all of their lives were returning to normal, or as close to normal as they could with Ned Walker coming for a visit.

Devil and the Chaos Bleeds crew were out of the picture as well. He'd helped them before he told Tiny that he'd given them a heads-up about Gonzalez knowing they were back in town. Whizz wouldn't be responsible for anything happening to the other crew. He couldn't live with himself if something did happen because of Tiny's order. When he did tell Tiny what he did, Tiny had thanked him for acting right.

It was all water under the bridge.

"Ned is coming to see Eva and his grandkids, Tiny," Lash said. "You shouldn't worry, unless you're scared he'll kick your ass. He is older than you."

"Not by much," Nash said, chuckling.

"I can still wipe the floor with you two little shits. Don't fucking start."

Whizz laughed along with them.

"I heard you went to see Butch today," Tiny said, changing the subject away from Ned.

"I did."

"How's he holding up?"

Whizz took his shot, thinking of the right way to answer. When he was done, he looked at Tiny. The rest of the men were also waiting for him to answer. "He was expecting a hit. I've told him we're not going to kill him and I for one will be voting him back into the club."

"You think he deserves to be voted back in."

"What he did was no different than what Murphy did."

"Murphy was acting on my orders and he didn't have a secret club hiding away," Tiny said.

"You're going to kill him? He was acting on your orders, yours and Alex's, to help the club. If you hadn't put him in that position in the first place, we might have known about the Savage Brothers. They were his past. He fucked up, but I believe everything he said. Lacey told us what happened. You've got to believe him." Whizz stopped talking as he looked at each of his brothers in turn. "You're going to turn him away?"

Tiny let out a breath. "I hadn't decided on what I was going to do. Nothing makes up for the fact that Butch has screwed up twice. He left the club for Cheryl, and now he fucked us over with the Savage Brothers. Out of all of us he was a loyal son of a bitch, but now, I just don't know."

"I don't know what to think when it comes to Butch," Nash said. "It's all fucked up. Before Cheryl he was one of the most loyal brothers to the club, and now, I don't know."

"You took drugs and almost killed Eva because you were high. After you were clean, we voted you back in and you took the necessary beating. Butch, he fucked up, but he paid us back. He left the club out of fear of this life. The club life is not for everyone. We didn't push him out, and he didn't fuck up. Gonzalez was already a threat to the club before Butch came back. He gave us the location and set it up for us to take down the club. He paid us back, and you're not going to take that into account? There's a chance he can earn back his trust." Whizz asked. "We're a club. A family. We forgive." He looked at each man in turn. Licking his lips, Whizz felt sick to his stomach. "We've got to keep Butch around. We're not the people we are if we don't, and I can't remain a member if we start to cut people loose."

They all looked at him in shock.

"You can't be serious," Tiny said. "Butch's situation is different from everyone else's. He got innocent people killed."

"I know that, but he's also a Skull. None of us know what he went through to get to this point. I don't want to take my cut from a club who couldn't forgive a brother. We all make mistakes, you included, Tiny. You were part of The Darkness in the beginning." Whizz put the stick back on the table. He needed to calm down. It was important to him that they not push Butch aside. He was family, and family was what got Whizz through. "When I was taken and Alan was torturing me..." He stopped as the memory gripped him hard. Not once since his attack had he spoken aloud the truth of what happened to him. "When he was raping me, my only thought was of this club. I wouldn't tell its secrets, and I wouldn't doubt you in coming to get me. You're a family at the heart of the club. Turn your back on Butch and I don't see a reason to be part of what The Skulls have become. Butch came back to us. He lost his way, but he still came back. I understand he fucked up, but can't we give him a chance? He made a mistake, and, yes, I agree that he should pay for what he did, but don't you think giving away the location of your old club helped? We wiped out the club, Tiny. They're not a threat anymore. We wiped them out. They were an entire generation of kids that survived an attack over twenty years ago."

None of the brothers said a word, and he looked at each of them in turn. "I know it's hard to deal with what happened. Butch's situation is unique. None of us know how we'd act. Gonzalez fucked us up with Chaos Bleeds. Don't let him tear apart this club."

He turned away from the room and left. Making his way up to his bedroom, he closed the door, shutting out the world. What he spoke was the truth. The Skulls were his family. They took care of everyone and didn't cast anyone aside. If they didn't give Butch a chance to come back in, he was done. If they couldn't give Butch a third chance then what hope did he have of them accepting Lacey as his woman? She'd been part of the club they destroyed. They'd never accept her into the fold, and he couldn't live with that. Family meant everything to Whizz. The Skulls was the only family he had left.

Whizz removed his clothes, taking a long shower, loving the feel of the hot water cascading down his body. With the mention of Alan, he needed the hot water to feel clean. He picked up the soap and started to scrub at his skin. Every time he mentioned Alan or allowed the truth to enter his mind, he felt dirty. He needed to be clean. Once he was done with the shower, he climbed out, wrapping a towel around his waist. When he entered the bedroom he came to a stop when he saw Lacey standing in the center of the room. The door was wide open, and several bags were on the bed.

"Hey," she said smiling at him.

He closed the door, leaning against the wood. Staring at her, he took in the sight of her dressed in Angel's old maternity clothes. The sight of the clothes did nothing to quell his raging hard-on.

"Did you have fun?" he asked.

"I did."

He'd missed her. It had been hard not to go and find her. This had been an experiment to him to give her trust. Not only had she gone shopping, she'd come back and no one was harmed, apart from his wallet. He hoped Prue had made sure she bought plenty of stuff for herself.

"What happened to your face?" she asked, dropping the bags to move toward him. She reached out to touch his face. He didn't jerk back even though he wanted to. When her cool fingers touched his skin, he wasn't scared or repulsed. Her touch felt right to him.

"I ran into Hardy's fist." He touched her arms, loving the feel of her close to him.

"Why would you do that?"

"He said some shit. I said some shit. We both said some shit, and this is what happened." He shrugged. "Rose came, and now she's gone."

"Gash said Rose had left Hardy."

"I didn't realize how much Gash liked to talk."

She shrugged. "He didn't exactly talk. Prue and Angel asked why there wasn't a prospect tailing us or something. Gash then explained there were no prospects left and he'd lost the game of cards."

Her fingers moved down to his chest where more bruises lay.

"Does it hurt?"

"It aches a little, but it's not that painful." He cupped her cheek, tilting her head back for her to look at him. "Did you have fun today?"

"Yeah, I did. I don't think I should go again if this is how you're going to end up. You could seriously hurt yourself."

"It's not that bad. I promise."

He dropped a kiss to her lips, wishing for more but waiting. "Show me what you got."

"I can't believe you gave Prue so much." She took a step back, going back to the bed.

Whizz took a seat watching as she upended several of the bags. He saw the underwear and knew he wanted to see her in those.

By the time she finished the bed was strewn with new clothes and underwear. Sitting back, he watched the animated look on her face as she started to hold clothing up to her body.

He groaned. "You know you could get naked and show me exactly what they look like on. It's just a suggestion." Holding up a red thong, he eyed the fabric then her body. "Or we could skip the clothes and go straight to this."

She snatched the thong out of his hand. He caught her wrist, tugging her down to sit on his lap.

"Your head is always in the gutter," she said, complaining.

"Actually, my head is always thinking about your sweet pussy and how I can get inside you. I like to see you happy," he said.

"Thank you for today. This was my first time going shopping with the girls. I like Prue and Angel. They're nice."

Whizz chuckled. "Wait until you're forced to go with all of them. You'll be in for a rude awakening then, I can tell you."

She laughed. "I don't know. It was nice having Gash there. He said some things that I took on board."

He tensed. "What kind of things?"

Lacey smiled up at him. "There's no need to be jealous. I'm not going anywhere. I'll let you know when his words came in handy." She struggled off his lap.

"Please, try this set on for me." He held up the red thong with the matching lace bra. There was nothing to the set, but he really wanted to see her ink covered body inside them.

She took the items and walked back into the bathroom.

"You're no fun," he said, calling after her.

Lacey didn't respond, closing the door behind her. He climbed off the bed, looking at her clothing. Whizz didn't wait around. He tore the tags off and started to add the clothing to his wardrobe. Until he found a place for them both to stay they were camping out at the club. He didn't mind. Whizz whistled as he worked putting her new clothes away. The silence was welcoming to him.

****

Lacey tucked some hair behind her ears, staring at her reflection in the mirror inside the bathroom. She could do this. There was nothing to it. Whizz was outside waiting for her. The lingerie she wore at Gash's encouragement decorated her body like a second skin. She wasn't as young as she used to be, but that no longer mattered. Whizz wasn't that kind of man. He'd been through so much that he wasn't that shallow. The ink that covered her body reminded her of a second life, another life that had long since disappeared.

The Savage Brothers were behind her.

Running her palms down her hair, she saw Dalton's smiling face, staring back at her. No, she couldn't let his image invade her thoughts, sickening her with the memories. The past was the past, and there was no way she was going to let it destroy right now. She wanted to be with Whizz, and even if she could go back and change what happened, she wouldn't. Whizz meant more to her than the Savage Brothers, which was why the guilt was so damn bad.

"You can do this, Lacey." She blew out a breath, holding onto the sink as she kept staring at herself. "There's nothing to it. You've been naked together before. He has scars just like you."

She wiggled on the spot, closing her eyes as another wave of doubts assailed her. Whizz was different. He would always be different for her. When they first met at the coffee shop she'd known it would be different.

"Are you alive in there?" Whizz said, calling through the door.

"Give me a moment."

"I've given you twenty. If you keep making me wait longer, I'm going to get nervous. Any guy would get nervous."

She laughed, dropping her hands away from the sink and taking a step back. He was right. Her doubts were her own. Whizz didn't deserve this.

Nodding her head at her reflection, she gave herself a small pep talk. "You can do this. It's just like riding a bicycle or something." Shaking her head in laughter she made her way toward the door. The moment she opened it there wouldn't be any backing down. "I don't want to back down. I'm going to go ahead with this."

"Are you talking to yourself?" he asked, calling through the door. "You know I'll have to send you to a special home if you are."

She shook her head, laughing at him.

Giving herself no chance to back down, she turned the handle, and opened the door. Whizz sat on the bed looking at his hands. He looked up at the door opening, or at least she thought it was the door opening. She rested her hand on the doorframe, smiling in at him.

"Hey," she said, drawing one shoulder up.

"Hey." His voice croaked as he looked back at her. She watched as his gaze ran down her body going to her feet then back up, lingering on the tiny panties and bra she wore. Lacey was tempted to cover her rounded stomach and thighs but tightened her hand into a fist. His gaze landed back on her face.

The arousal struck her hard at his dark gaze. Whizz stood up, tugging the shirt he wore over his head and throwing it aside. He was so tall and muscular. The very sight of his masculine stature turned her on. There wasn't anything small about him. He was all man, and he was all hers. She was going to take Gash's advice and make sure she kept him all for her own. She wouldn't give him the chance to go looking elsewhere for another woman.

"You're just going to stand there?" he asked.

Entering the room, she leaned against the nearest wall. "I thought you only wanted to see." Her nipples were incredibly tight from arousal. Glancing down the length of his body she caught sight of his rock hard cock, thickening. It was like a balloon growing in his pants. She tried to smoother her laughter with a hand covering her mouth.

Whizz smiled along with her, clearly not knowing what was making her so happy. "Do I even want to know what you're laughing at?" He took a step closer toward her.

Lacey stayed against the wall, watching him move a little closer with each step.

"Is that a balloon down there or are you just happy to see me?" She raised her brow for him to see the humor. Whizz didn't look down at his pants.

In two quick steps he was in front of her.

"There is no air in my cock, baby."

She released a scream as he tugged her hard against him, spinning her around. His grip reassured her as he moved toward the bed. She started laughing as he threw her down and started to tickle her.

Her laughter turned to ear piercing screams as he continued to tickle her without letting up once.

"Please, stop."

Whizz flipped her onto her back, resting between her thighs as he kept stroking her body. Slowly, she became aware of his obvious state of happiness resting at the juncture of her thighs. His tickles slowed down as he stared at her.

Silence filled the air between them. In all of her life she'd never been tickled for fun. Her parents had always been too busy with club life to take the time. After the attack she wouldn't let anyone hold her or love her. This was different, intimate. Whizz made her want so much, and to wish her life had been a lot different.

They both jumped as Whizz's door came crashing open, revealing Gash and Steven holding guns. Lacey squealed, pulling Whizz down to use as a blanket.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Whizz asked, glaring at the men. He didn't lift away from her and allowed her to use his body how she needed.

"We heard screams," Gash said, looking confused.

Lash and Nash suddenly appeared in the doorway. Lacey groaned, burying her head in his chest.

"What the fuck is this?"

"We heard screams and were worried," Steven said, adding a little extra to what Gash had said.

"And what? You thought someone had managed to sneak into the clubhouse undetected while everyone was present within the club?" Whizz asked. She heard the hitch in his voice that he was trying to control. Any second he was going to break down into a fit of laughter. She didn't know how long she was going to be able to hold out for before she started laughing.

"Well, after everything that happened, you never know," Gash said.

Whizz's face broke into a grin. "Get out of my room. I don't need any protectors. I'm trying to fuck my woman."

She let out a groan, wishing the bed would just open up and swallow her. "Will you stop?" she asked.

"What? I could have been inside you and those idiots would have seen everything."

Her cheeks were on fire. Either option sounded like a nightmare to her.

"Come on, let's leave him alone," Nash said, taking the lead.

"You're going to lay claim to her?" Lash asked, determined to stay.

"Yeah, I'm laying claim to her. She's mine, and the club better stay away." One of his hands held her head tight, stroking her hair. She found the action strangely possessive and soothing to her.

"I'll let the rest of the club know. Angel will be happy. She really likes you, Lacey."

"I like her as well." She shouted out her response without looking back. The last thing she wanted to be doing was looking at the men who were currently seeing her naked.

"I told you to start fighting for him. I see the red set had it down," Gash said.

Whizz moved quickly, grabbing something from the drawer beside his bed, and launching it at Gash. "I said get out."

They were both laughing by the time the door was closed. When she heard that sweet sound of the door closing, she pulled away to look up at him. "I didn't think they'd ever leave."

"They're not used to screams coming from my room that are any good."

She reached up to cup his cheek. "I'm here, Whizz." There was no need to ask him what kind of screams he was talking about.

"I know." He closed the distance between them, taking possession of her lips. She closed her eyes melting against him and his touch. Whizz took hold of her hands, pressing them above her head where she couldn't move. "No more moving for you."

"What are you doing?" she asked, feeling the fire start to build inside her.

"I'm going to play with my wrapped toy. You're my toy tonight, right?"

She closed her eyes gasping as he sucked on her neck.

Her neck had always been an erogenous zone for her. Licking her lips, she tried to close her thighs, but he was between them. He chuckled against her skin. "You can't get the friction you want for that little pussy, Lacey. You're going to have to wait for me."

Trying to close her thighs with Whizz in the way was useless. She was nowhere near as strong as he was.

"Please, Whizz," she said, begging him.

"What does my woman need?" he asked.

"I'm your woman?"

"You're not going to be anyone else's. I don't like to share, and you're mine." He started to kiss down her chest going above the red bra. His tongue traced the outlines of her ink. Opening her eyes, she stared down at the top of his head while he worked her body as if it was his own personal instrument.

She was. There was no denying what she meant to him.

"You're so beautiful, Lacey. Gash was there when you picked up this set?" Whizz asked. His hands released her but only long enough for him to start to work the bra straps down her arms. Whizz took his time dragging the bra strap down. She had no choice but to rest her arms at her sides while he did. The straps kept her arms in place.

"Yes, he was there."

He eased the cups beneath her breasts. She felt the back of his fingers, running across one breast then working his way to the other. Taking a breath, she tried not to get overly excited by what he was doing to her body. Was Whizz jealous? He sounded jealous when he had no need to be.

"Did he see you in this?"

"No. I wouldn't let that happen. I'm yours, Whizz."

There. She'd admitted the truth that she'd denied herself for so long.

"You're all mine?"

"Yes, I'm all yours."

"What did Gash have to do with you purchasing this item for me?" he asked.

His hands were replaced with his lips. Whizz didn't bite. No, he laid kisses around each breast before moving onto the next. He took his time as if he wasn't in a rush to get off. His cock was rock hard where he was pressed between her thighs. He held the bulk of his body off hers so she wasn't uncomfortable by the weight of him. "Answer me, Lacey."

"He told me to make a decision when it came to you. I had to decide on what I wanted."

"What do you want, baby?" he asked.

"I want you. I want to make this work." She opened her heart up to him. Whizz had done what no other man had been capable of doing. He made her want to love again. She was in love with him. The very thought of losing him cut a hole in her chest, ripping out her heart. There was no chance of her ever getting over his loss. She'd rather die than risk losing Whizz. He'd come into her life during the time she needed him most. Whizz kept her sane in ways the Savage Brothers had failed. She'd not wanted to take out revenge like her fellow brothers. All Lacey wanted to do was forget the past that Gonzalez had tried to ruin. He'd not succeeded as she was still alive to tell the tale.

"You're not going to fight me anymore?" he asked.

She snorted. "I'll always fight you. I just won't push you away. I don't want to lose you, Whizz. I'll be here for you."

He cupped her cheek. The tenderness in his gaze startled her. She wasn't used to this kind of emotion from him.

"Like you, I don't see the pain you've been through or how broken you've been for some time. I see you, Whizz. I see the man you are, and you're amazing. I can't lose you."

"You're not going to lose me." He dropped a kiss to her lips.

She wrapped her arms around his body. The bra straps bit into her arms as she held onto him. He kissed her neck.

"There's no chance of you getting rid of me, baby." He started kissing down to her breasts once again, circling each bud before moving onto the next. There was no rushing him even though he drove her insane with his touch.

Lacey didn't know how she was going to survive the rest of the night if he was determined to make her wait for the pleasure.

Chapter Eight

Whizz wanted to scream like an insane person. Lacey wanted him, and she didn't want to lose him. The very thought that she went shopping with him in mind, filled him with so much happiness he believed he was going to burst. There was no sense to his thoughts. The lacy red bra sent his pulse racing.

"Keep your hands by your sides. I don't want you to move until I'm ready for you to."

She groaned but did as he asked, placing her hands down the length of her body. Her tits were lovely and big. Sucking one large nipple into his mouth, he tweaked her other nipple, loving her body as she writhed underneath him. He loved the way she squirmed from his ministrations.

Cupping her tits in his hands, he drew them together so they were close. He tongued the hard buds, lavishing each one with his attention. She started to cry and scream as he bit down on the hard bud. When he released her nipple, he flicked the tip to soothe out the sting.

"Please, Whizz. I can't take much more."

"You'll take what I give you. You want my cock, and I want to play with your body. You've got it wrapped up beautifully for me." He reached around her back, unhooking the bra strap. Whizz removed her bra watching her breasts finally hang free. In the light he saw the tips glistening from his saliva.

Rearing back from the bed, he tugged on his belt. Lacey went to her elbows to watch him. He saw her close her legs, sawing them together. "No, keep those thighs open."

She opened her thighs with a groan. Her pussy was covered by the patch of red. The material was so fucking sexy, all Whizz wanted to do was tear the panties from her and fuck her hard.

"Play with yourself over your panties." He saw the wet patch from her cum.

Lacey worked her fingers down her quivering stomach to rest on her mound. Slowly, she worked one finger directly over her slit. He saw the material darken with her arousal.

"You want my cock as much as I want to give it to you?" he asked.

"Yes, Whizz, please, I want you. I need you."

He moved onto the button of his jeans, working them down his thighs. When he stood naked, he watched her play with her covered pussy. She looked so tempting. All he wanted to do was bat her hand out of the way and lick out her sweet pussy. Going to his knees before her, he placed his palms on her inner thighs, forcing her to open herself wider to him. The scent of her pussy was driving him crazy.

She groaned, thrusting her chest up into the air. He chuckled at her loss of control.

"Tell me what you want, Lacey."

"I want you."

"No, I want to hear exactly what you want."

Her whimper made him smile.

"I want to hear you tell me what you want."

"What do you want?" she asked.

Whizz was tempted to make her work for it. He didn't want to give her any ideas, but knowing he was the first man she'd been this open with, he decided to give her a little leeway.

"Okay, baby. I want to move those panties aside and watch you finger yourself. I want to see you tease that pretty clit, and sink your fingers inside your cunt. I know you're going to want my thick cock. You're not going to get it until you show me how much you crave my dick in your body."

"Yes, I want that. I need your tongue on my pussy, Whizz."

He smiled. This was what he wanted. He wanted to see her losing herself in pleasure, giving herself to him through trust, and love.

Sliding his fingers up the inside of her thighs, he gathered the wet fabric covering her pussy, and dragged it aside to reveal her cream soaked lips. His mouth watered for a taste of her sweet juice.

"Touch yourself, Lacey. Let me see how wet you are."

Her slick fingers moved over her slit, stroking her swollen clit. The wet sounds were heady to hear. She moaned with each stroke over her nub.

"Now show me how wet you are."

She moved down to her entrance, circling her hole. He couldn't wait to get his cock inside her tight pussy. She pumped one finger inside her, adding a second at his request.

"Show me," he said, when he could no longer stand to see how turned on she was.

"Whizz?"

"Yeah, baby."

"I need you. I need your cock."

"You'll get my cock when I'm good and ready to give it to you." Pre-cum was leaking out of the tip in copious amounts. He ignored his own need. This was about more than a fuck. This was about need and desire. He'd been wanting to do this with her since the first moment they were together.

"Please."

"Stop fighting me and show me that creamy cunt."

She removed her fingers, presenting them for him.

Taking the digits into his mouth, he licked her cream from them.

"Get me more," he said.

For several minutes he licked her cream off her fingers, driving her wild as she got closer to orgasm.

"Touch your pussy, Lacey. Bring yourself to orgasm."

She didn't argue with him.

He kept his gaze on her pussy, watching her fingers as she worked her clit. She cried out as her orgasm washed over her. He saw the cream leaking out of her pussy. Whizz didn't touch her, simply watching the way she shuddered, losing herself in her release.

His cock was unbearably hard, but he forced himself to remain where he was.

"You didn't touch me with your lips," she said, seconds later when she came down from her high.

Whizz smiled. "I'm going to be using my lips on you in a moment. I just wanted to see what your pussy looks like when you lose control."

"I can't come again."

"You're going to come again, baby. I want to taste your cunt, and I'm not going to fuck you until you come in my mouth."

She groaned. Her body shook. "You did that on purpose."

"No, I did what I wanted because I want your body to only want what I need." He bit down on her inner thigh, caressing the outside of her thighs. "You're going to give me what I want, aren't you?"

"Yes. I hate you."

"No, you don't. If you wanted a man to give you what you wanted, then you picked the wrong man to fuck." He kissed up to her pussy. The scent of her was driving him crazy. She was so wet and juicy like a nice ripe peach.

In response she released a little growl that sounded like it came out of a cub rather than an angry lioness.

The sound was cute and adorable.

He wanted her badly. Sliding his tongue through her slit, he circled her sensitive clit. She screamed in response. Whizz smiled as her fingers sank into his hair, tugging on the length. He wasn't going to move or fuck her until she came on his tongue for him to drink her up.

He tongued her clit, sliding down to fuck inside her tight pussy.

"Please," she said.

Her entire body shook under his ministrations. Caressing up her body, he cupped her breasts, squeezing the mounds in his hands. He loved the way they filled his palms. Tweaking the nipples with his fingers, he sucked her clit into his mouth, drinking her down.

"I can't think," she said, moaning.

"Then don't." He muttered the response against her clit.

Moving down, he tongued the entrance of her cunt, plunging his tongue inside her. He felt her walls tighten around him.

Her cream slid over his tongue, and he drank her up.

Releasing her tits, he gripped her hips and dragged her to the edge of the bed. He glided his fingers through the cream from her cunt and slid the coated digits to her tight little asshole. Whizz worked his fingers around her tight ass, getting her nice and slick ready for his fingers. He was going to fuck her ass one day, not tonight, but it didn't stop him from getting her ready for his cock.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm playing." He saw her clit between his teeth, quieting any of her protests. Whizz made sure there was plenty of lubrication around her ass before he started to work his finger inside. The tight ring of muscles around her anus kept him out. He tongued her pussy, going from her clit to her cunt, taking his time in drinking down her come. Driving her wild with his tongue, Whizz worked the tip of one finger inside her. He moved inside her, going to the knuckle.

Lacey screamed, trying to buck off the bed. He wouldn't let her move, using his free hand to hold her down on the bed. Attacking her pussy, he flicked her clit, not diverting his attention away from her nub. He started to work a second finger into her ass, getting her used to feel of him.

"I'm going to come," she said, yelling the words.

"Then come, baby." He stopped long enough to speak before going back to flicking her clit.

"Whizz." She repeated his name over and over again.

He didn't let up, licking her pussy. Pumping two fingers inside her ass, he stretched her ass wide, waiting for her to come.

Within seconds she screamed as her second orgasm took over. He drank her down, prolonging her orgasm for as long as possible.

"I can't take much more," she said, crying out.

He smiled, sucking her clit into his mouth. She jerked up in bed, tugging on his hair. Whizz liked the small pain from her grip.

When he knew she had enough he released her pussy, pulling his fingers from her ass. He wiped his digits on the sheets, then stood up. Whizz was about to tell her to lean back on the bed, but the way she stared at his rock hard cocked made him pause.

Wrapping his fingers around the length, he stared into her eyes. "Do you want my cock in your mouth?"

She nodded, looking up at him. Her tongue peeked out, licking across her plump lips. There was nothing more erotic in the world than seeing the absolute need in Lacey's eyes.

Fuck, he couldn't deny her, and he really wanted her mouth around his shaft.

"Yes," she said, speaking aloud.

"Then open those lips." He stepped closer so the head of his cock was only a few inches away from her lips.

She opened her mouth, and he slid the tip between her lush lips.

"Fuck, baby," he said.

Lacey sucked him deep into her mouth, moaning around the tip. She swallowed down the pre-cum, taking more of his cock into her mouth.

He groaned, sinking his fingers into her hair. Tightening his fist in her hair, he pumped his hips into her waiting mouth. "You look so fucking beautiful taking my cock."

She moaned. The sound vibrated up his length.

Whizz gritted his teeth as the pleasure became almost unbearable. She was the first woman to suck his cock in a long time. Closing his eyes, he worked his cock into her mouth. He took his time, sliding in then out, getting her to take more of him. When he hit the back of her throat, he withdrew from her mouth.

Lacey wrapped her fingers around his length from the root working up to the tip. She licked the head, and he watched the trail coat her tongue as she swallowed down his pre-cum. Fuck, he didn't know how long he was going to last with her wicked tongue. He wanted to be inside her before the end of the night. Whizz had a lot of plans when it came to her body.

****

He tasted salty and clean. Lacey had never been one to want to taste a man's dick before. Whizz was different. On every part of her life, he was testing her, making her want things she didn't think were possible. When she was with him, he made her want to start over. Whizz made her believe it was possible to start over.

Flicking the tip, she stared up to see his eyes were closed. The rapture on his face let her know she was doing something right. He was soft yet hard beneath her grip. She was fascinated by all of him.

Lacey tightened her grip around him, squeezing.

"Yeah, that's right."

His hand tightened in her hair. The slight pain only added to her pleasure. She took him deeper into her mouth, sucking on the tip. His pre-cum slid over her tongue, and she swallowed him down, loving the exquisite taste of him. She sucked him in deep until he was far enough that she wouldn't gag, and then she pulled off. Licking along the root of him, she cupped his balls to add to his pleasure. She wanted to taste his cum on her tongue. To do to him what he'd done to her.

"Fuck, Lacey, your mouth is like heaven."

She smiled, licking the tip of his cock.

"You keep doing that I'm not going to last."

Staring up the length of her body, she released his cock. "Then don't last."

"You want my cum in this mouth?" he asked, touching her lips.

Lacey flicked her tongue out to touch his fingers. "I want it all."

"You're going to send me to an early grave."

"I'll join you." She was so turned on. He'd already given her two orgasms, and she really wanted a third at his hands.

"I see that look in your eye, Lacey. You want my cock, don't you?"

"Yes."

She didn't give him a chance to respond. Gripping his cock, she took him back to her mouth, licking and sucking.

"Fuck," he said. He stroked her hair then fisted the length.

Lacey gave herself up to the pleasure of sucking him off. She cupped his balls with one hand and stroked his length with the other.

"I'm going to come, Lacey."

She wanted his cum. He drank her cum, licked her as if he was a starving man and she was a morsel. She wanted to do the same to him, to give him the same kind of pleasure. This was not a take kind of relationship. The relationship she wanted with him was that of equals, both of them taking and giving.

He tensed beneath her touch, and she withdrew until only the tip of his cock was inside her mouth.

"Fuck, Lacey. I'm going to come."

Before he finished his moan, his cum splashed the back of her throat. She had no choice but to swallow him down. Moaning, she sucked the cum from him, milking his cock for as much as she could get. Only when there was no more to take did she release him.

Whizz bent down and picked her up in his arms. He placed her on the center of the bed, following her down. For several minutes neither of them spoke. She stared at him as he looked at her.

He grabbed her hand, locking their fingers together.

"I'm not going to give you up," he said.

She chuckled. "I just swallowed your cum. I doubt any man is giving a woman up after that."

He tightened his hand over hers. "It's different with you. It has always been different. From the moment you entered the coffee shop our lives have been different."

Lacey knew exactly what he was talking about. She hadn't been the same since she met him. Something about Whizz pulled her in, drawing her away from everything she knew to see him.

"I thought about that day. The one where I came here." She licked her lips. The pain was there, but it wasn't as debilitating as it used to be. She was getting over her own guilt. It was hard at times, but she didn't want to spend the rest of her life hating herself.

"You don't have to say anything."

"I do have to say something." She stared at their linked hands. "I didn't know what was happening or what your club had planned. I thought if I knew I'd have gone back to warn them." Here was where the guilt reared its ugly head. "I know I wouldn't have gone back to them, Whizz. If I was given a choice between seeing you once more or bringing them back and warning them, I know I wouldn't pick them. I wouldn't pick Dalton even though I should."

"Lacey, you don't know that. You don't know what decision you would make. They were your family."

Tears filled her eyes as she stared at him. "They weren't my family, Whizz. Dalton was my family. He was the one to stand beside me. Out of the whole of the club, he's the one I'd call a brother. I didn't agree with Danny, and I didn't spend a lot of time with the others."

"You're not responsible for their deaths. Danny shot at Butch. He was willing to kill us all." Whizz let out a sigh. "You need to stop tormenting yourself. Even if you had gone with them, Lacey, we would have hunted them down and killed them. After everything that happened, we couldn't let them escape."

She wiped the tears that had fallen from her face. "God, I'm so sorry."

"They were your family." He didn't say anything more, letting her have her tears.

She didn't want to spoil their night together. The day she'd spent with Prue and Angel had been amazing. She adored the two women and even liked Gash.

"I didn't want to get emotional over this. Today has been amazing. Spending time with Prue and Angel, it was strange at first, but they pulled me in. I felt part of the group."

"Those two have been trying to get to you for some time to spend time with you. I'm glad you went and had fun."

"What about you? How was Butch?"

She heard him blow out a breath. "There's not a lot to say about Butch. He's healing, and he's scared."

"You don't sound happy."

"I'm not. Butch looked like he was waiting for one of us to off him. I don't like that, never have." Whizz didn't release the hold he had on her hand. She didn't want him to let her go. Lacey liked feeling this close to him. "When he decided to leave for Cheryl I was angry, hurt. Our women have been put in danger, and he felt his woman was better than the others, which is why he made sure she was out of the way. I got angry. When Gonzalez came out of the woodwork and shit went down, Butch came back. We voted him back in, but Tiny and Alex had other plans for him. They made him become a spy, feeding Gonzalez information."

Some of this she knew from listening to Danny and Dalton talk when they didn't know she was listening in on their conversations.

"This shit with the Savage Brothers took us all by surprise. I know why he did what he did. I spoke with Tiny before coming up here. He's not going to let Butch back."

Tears filled her eyes once again. "That's my fault, mine and the others."

Whizz pressed his head against hers. "If he doesn't let Butch back, I'm walking."

"You can't do that, can you?"

"I can leave the club whenever I want, Lacey."

"You love it here."

"No, I love what the club stood for. He was trapped by the past and present, Lacey. They had Butch playing spy, and the rules had changed. He shouldn't be pulled from the club because of that."

"I think you're being a little unreasonable in making that demand. You're going to blackmail the club?"

"No, I just want the club to see that they've got to give him another chance."

"Don't you think you're being a little unfair?"

"Butch is family. Yeah, he fucked up in trying to protect his woman and with the Savage Brothers, but I can't let them kick him out."

"Why?" she asked.

"We're a family. Family makes mistakes. We're a lot stronger than casting them aside. We didn't for Nash. The first time when Butch walked because of Cheryl, I was pissed at him. I didn't know how he turned his back, but this, there's a lot more at play here."

"Like what?"

"First, Alex and Tiny kept the fact he was feeding Gonzalez information from us. Butch was already in a tense fucking situation. None of us even took the time to ask him what was going on. I never asked him about the Savage Brothers. He didn't talk, but we didn't give him a chance either. Gonzalez was fucked up to shit. I guess with Devil and the Chaos Bleeds crew gone, I don't want to lose another brother because of Gonzalez. He's taken enough from all of us."

She wasn't going to argue with him. "What will happen if you walk?"

"I go out on my own. I won't go for another club. I was with one called The Lions. They were scum. The worst thing I was ever a part of. The Skulls, they stood for something I've never been able to find elsewhere." His fingers went from her cheek down to stroke her breast. She groaned as he started to play with her nipple. "Don't blame yourself for everything that happened. It's not your fault, not all of it."

The way he was touching her she couldn't think about anything else but his touch.

"You can't be wanting this again?" she asked.

"I don't want your lips this time, Lacey. I want your pussy." He kissed her lips, sliding his tongue into her mouth.

She moaned, heat instantly going to her pussy. Lacey wanted his touch, his cock, and everything he offered her.

His revelations unnerved her, but he didn't seem concerned by the change happening in his life and she wouldn't be. Whizz moved over her, locking their hands and pressing them on either side of her head.

"You're insatiable."

"Get used to it. I'm always going to want you."

She thought about what Gash said. Yes, she wanted Whizz and to keep him. The thought of any other woman getting him filled her with jealousy. She wouldn't share him and would do everything to make sure he didn't stray. Lacey was determined to be everything he needed.

"Tell me you want my cock."

He always seemed determined to make her speak her mind. "I want you, Whizz. I want your cock inside me."

"Good girl."

Gazing down the length of his body, she saw him move his hips, aligning his cock to her entrance. She didn't think it was possible for him to get inside her by moving his hips. When the tip slid inside her, she realized she was wrong. Whizz was gliding inside her.

"You're so fucking wet it makes it easier for me to get inside you."

She cried out as he slammed the last couple of inches inside her, groaning as he did.

"You're so tight." He kissed her lips, running his tongue over them to get her to open up. Lacey gave in, opening her lips for him to take advantage. He plundered her mouth with his tongue, and she met him, touching his tongue with her own.

Whizz stayed still inside her. She wanted him to move, to take away the ache that he'd started to work up inside her.

Slowly, he eased out of her. Whizz always took his time, prolonging everything, making her feel what he wanted to do to her. She felt every inch of him as he withdrew from her pussy. Lacey couldn't contain the whimper that escaped when only the tip of him remained inside.

"Don't worry, baby." He rammed inside her to the hilt, giving her everything.

She screamed out as he went deep, hitting her cervix. "Whizz." She spoke his name on a groan as he sucked on the flesh of her neck. The way he sucked, she knew come the morning she'd have a large hickey. A mark of his possession throughout the night.

"Beg me to fuck you."

"Please, Whizz, fuck me. I need to feel you inside me."

He didn't let up, ramming to the hilt inside her. Each thrust of his hips jarred the bed, banging the headboard against the wall. She forgot about everything else and all her worries and met the thrust of Whizz's hips, crying out as he sucked each nipple into his mouth. Whizz changed as he fucked her hard. There was no getting away from his possession, not that she wanted to.

She felt the building heat of her orgasm start once again. She didn't know how it was possible to be close to a third orgasm.

Whizz kept her locked in place with his body, making sure she couldn't move or do anything but take his pleasure.

"Come for me, Lacey," he said, whispering the words against her ears. She did what he wanted, coming over his thick cock.

She was attuned to his demands. Three strokes of Whizz's cock and the cum spilled from his cock, washing her womb with his semen.

For a split second Lacey was tempted to tell him that she loved him. She stopped herself at the last minute as he collapsed over her. Neither of them was ready for that kind of commitment. She refused to spoil the moment by the truth in her heart.

****

"Alex."

Standing in his office, Alex closed his eyes as he heard Sunshine calling him. It was Sunday morning, and she'd be joining her mother and father for the day. She did it all the time. He knew she did as he liked to keep an eye on her when he wasn't around. Alex may no longer be in Vegas, but he still had contacts that got him what he wanted.

Turning around, he saw she was standing in the doorway wearing a dark blue conservative dress. Her black hair curled around her face, cascading down to rest below her large tits. She looked so fucking beautiful. Alex didn't want to let her go. She was so much younger than he was. He didn't want to plague her by his own need. His past wasn't all filled with roses and love. No, he had a hard past just like everyone else. A past even Tiny didn't know about.

"You're ready to go?" he asked.

"My dad is coming to pick me up." She stared down at him, clearly taking in his pajama bottoms. It was past nine, and he was still dressed for bed. Since leaving the clubhouse he'd not been interested in much else. Part of him wondered if he should just give in and go back to Vegas. Cheryl didn't want him around, and Butch would be a good father to his son. He didn't want to think about his son at that moment. Alex loved Michael and had felt that bone-deep need to keep him safe the instant he saw him. He couldn't remember a time when he'd felt the need to protect another human being, apart from Sunshine. His need to protect her came from an entirely different need. Alex wanted to fuck Sunshine. He wanted to own every inch of her.

"Are you all right?" she asked, stepping into the room, breaking into his thoughts.

"Fine, everything is fine."

He turned back to look out of the window.

"You can talk to me if it'll help."

"Why would talking about my feelings help?" he asked, glancing behind to see her look at the ground. "All it would do is highlight how shit everything was."

She winced but didn't turn away from him. "My mom always said a problem shared is a problem halved. When you talk about the problems in your life, it helps." She shrugged her shoulder, smiling at him. "Life is too short to spend it scared."

"I'm not scared," he said.

"You're troubled, though."

Alex stared at her, wishing there was something he could do to keep her with him. He'd take her far away from here with his son and not look back. Tiny would find him, and that was what stopped him.

"My son hates my guts and prefers his stepfather to me. I think it's time I went back to Vegas. Life here is not what I expected. I thought this was where I belonged. I was wrong. I've only fucked everything up."

"I didn't know you had a son."

"Not many people do." He put his empty cup down on the desk, turning to face her. "My problems are not halved."

"No, you've still got the choice of running away. Your son hates you now, but what about next week?" She smiled at him. "Children are not a good indication for people, Alex, especially your own kids. Growing up I went from loving my parents to hating them when they wouldn't let me do what I want. Don't give up because of one bad day."

The doorbell ringing interrupted their moment.

"That's my dad."

Alex followed her out as she went to answer the door. Her father, Hank, stood on the other side.

"Hey, Daddy." She wrapped her arms around him.

"Go and wait in the car."

"Will do."

Facing Hank, Alex raised a brow.

"I heard you were staying back here."

"It's my house." Alex stepped forward, grabbing the brown envelope he stashed in his pocket. "Here."

"This isn't right. She's my daughter."

He'd been paying Hank and his wife regularly to keep their bakery open. Hank had a little gambling problem. When Alex had seen Sunshine, he'd wanted her, and he'd struck up this bargain. He would pay Hank every month, and in return he'd encourage Sunshine to stay in Fort Wills, working as Alex's housekeeper. When he first bought the place he discovered the bakery wasn't doing well in business, and Hank's gambling problem made it all worse. He offered Hank money to keep him afloat. Hank took the money and asked what he could do to repay him. Alex had seen a picture of Sunshine. He told Hank to make sure his daughter applied for a position as housekeeper and that she'd be part of the bargain. At the time he didn't intend for anything more to happen. When he'd met Sunshine in the flesh, he knew he couldn't let her go. Sunshine was his, and he made sure to keep her by dealing with Hank's problems.

"How's business?"

"It's fine."

"And your other problem?" Alex asked, staring the man in the face. He was a businessman, but what people forgot about Alex was that he'd survived in Vegas without any help from Tiny. He wasn't a man to be messed with. Over the years Alex had fucked up his fair share of people.

"I've not put on a bet in some time, Alex. I don't want Sunshine working here."

"We have an agreement. You let Sunshine work for me and I pay you to stay the fuck out of our business. Do you want people to know about your debts? I'm paying them off for you, Hank."

"You're older than her, Alex. This is wrong."

"Business is booming and you want to back out of our deal? Sunshine's mine. You just never expected me to collect. Where was your conscience when you allowed her to be part of our bargain?"

"I made a mistake."

"No, you made a business deal. You just thought you could outsmart me, Hank. No one outsmarts me."

"What could a Skull want with my daughter?" Hank asked.

"You don't want to know the answer." Alex closed the door, leaving himself in peace and quiet.

Yes, he'd paid a parent for access to their daughter. Sunshine didn't have a clue that her parents had as good as sold her to the highest bidder to get out of debt, and to hide Hank's debts. Alex didn't know if her mother even knew about his debts. He didn't care. He just hoped Sunshine never found out the truth.

Chapter Nine

Whizz watched Lacey sleep. He'd fucked her multiple times throughout the night not giving her a chance to rest or to catch up on her beauty sleep. She looked so peaceful in sleep. He eased a strand of her hair off her face so it didn't block the view of her beautiful face.

"It can't be morning yet," she said, opening her eyes to smile at him.

"How long have you been awake?" he asked.

"Long enough to know that you're watching me." She smiled up at him. "It's a little creepy you staring at me."

"Get used to it. I'm not going to change."

"You made sure that I didn't get a lot of sleep last night." She changed the subject quickly.

"When it comes to your body, I can't resist. You tempt me with your ways."

In the background they heard some banging and shouting. She let out a groan, pulling the blanket over her head. "Why are they moaning?"

"Eva's dad, Ned Walker, is due to come to Fort Wills today. He's not the biggest fan of Tiny. Things could get a little crazy seeing as he's bringing a couple of fighters with him." Whizz rested his head on his hand, watching her.

"Do I even want to know how bad that's going to be?"

"Tiny's seen Ned several times and is still breathing. It's probably down to the fact Tiny's fucking his daughter."

She shook her head at him. "You can be crude when you want to be."

He stared at her wondering what she was thinking, and asked her.

Lacey let out a breath. "Nothing, not really."

"I know you well enough to know you're thinking about something."

"I'm just thinking about children. Nothing important. It must be nice for, erm, Ned to visit his kids." She smiled, but he saw the pain in her eyes. Lacey wouldn't get that chance.

"So, I was thinking instead of us being here when Ned arrived, we could take a trip to the beach."

"The beach? We're miles away from a beach."

"I've got my bike. We've got no responsibilities. You, me, the beach, perhaps a condo where it's just us?" He tried to tempt her with his offer. "What do you say?" he asked. Whizz wanted to get away from the clubhouse, and he wanted Lacey with him by his side.

"Just get up and go."

He nodded. "No one else is invited, just us."

His heart raced with excitement at the prospect of having her all to himself.

She smiled. "I'd really like that."

Whizz got to his feet, tugging the blanket off her. "Get dressed. We'll go right now." He didn't give her a chance to protest as he led her into the bathroom. They got changed together even though it killed him to put his aching cock away in the tight pants he wore. He took the lead, grabbing her hand and leading her down toward the kitchen. Whizz wasn't prepared to hear any protests. Ned Walker coming to the clubhouse with no threat in sight was not something Whizz wanted to witness. The older man had a bad reputation for hurting men that caused any pain to his daughter. Tiny hadn't caused Eva any pain, but he was her husband and took the full blame in Ned's eyes.

"Tiny, will you relax?" Eva asked, following her man across the clubhouse with Tabitha on her hip.

"Your father is a menace, Eva."

"We owe him."

"Exactly, he's probably coming to take it out of my organs."

Whizz chuckled. Tiny loved teasing his woman about her father.

They stopped in the kitchen to see several couples already up. Kelsey was in the room, looking pale and sickly.

"She's got a stomach bug," Killer said. "She's not pregnant." Killer looked disappointed.

"Where are you off to?" Tate asked.

"We're going for a ride. Call me if you need me." Whizz sneaked toast off Angel's plate. She only smiled at him as he apologized.

"My wife's food is not yours, Whizz," Lash said, glaring at him.

Gripping Lacey's hand, he headed out of the clubhouse with no one else stopping them.

"Why are you rushing?" she asked.

"I mention the beach and we'll have people coming along for the ride. I'm not into making it a gathering with anyone else. I want you to myself." He climbed onto his machine, giving Lacey a helmet. "Quick before someone sees." She stuffed the toast into her mouth as he finished off the slice he had taken. He'd stop for breakfast when they were a safe distance away.

She climbed on the back of his machine, wrapping her arms around his waist. Whizz was out of the compound just as Zero and Prue were making their way out of the door. They stopped, looking confused as he left. His cell phone buzzed in his pocket, but he ignored it. When he was far enough away he'd call the clubhouse.

"This is completely insane," Lacey said, shouting loud enough for him to hear.

"We're going to spend the day away from everyone else. This is what living is all about." He let out a whoop then concentrated on the road.

Whizz hadn't felt this carefree in years. The last time he'd had fun going on a ride was way before Alan. He cut the thought off. If he never heard the name Alan again, he'd be fucking happy. That man was not going to define his future. The torture at his hands was all in the past, and Whizz was determined for it to stay there.

Lacey didn't try to talk. Thirty minutes later, he pulled the bike to a stop outside of a diner.

"We'll eat here."

She handed him the helmet. Her blue hair looked a mess from being contained in the helmet. "I can't believe we're doing this. I feel like we're sneaking away from our parents."

"We are. I'm just going to call the club to let them know not to worry about us. I don't want them out looking."

"I'll go on ahead and order."

He watched her walk into the diner before dialing the club's number. Tiny answered the call into the fourth ring.

"What?" Tiny barked the question out.

"It's Whizz."

"Why the fuck did you run out on us?"

Whizz chucked. "He's your father-in-law, not mine."

"We're a club. We stick together."

He stared through the window to see Lacey had taken a seat near the window. Her head was bowed over the menu she was reading.

"What have you decided about Butch?" Family meant more to him now than ever before. The Skulls were his rock whereas Lacey was his reason for breathing.

"I'm not discussing this on the phone."

"You talk about sticking together, but you're prepared to throw Butch under the bus."

"He's living."

"I demand a vote on it." Whizz would talk to every single member if he had to. Butch didn't need to be thrown away like that. They were a family for a reason. If Butch didn't want to be part of The Skulls, he wouldn't have given away the Savage Brothers' location. Butch had helped them to end the club that hurt the town. Lacey had even helped them to understand Butch's part in it, which wasn't much.

"Fine. I'll tell the guys you want to vote."

"Make it the end of the week. You've got a lot of shit to get through. I don't want any part in it." Before Tiny could say anything more, he hung up. There, he'd done it. Putting a call through to Cheryl, he waited for her to answer.

"Hello, Whizz" she said, whispering.

"How's he doing?"

"He's going to live. Apart from that he's not doing good. It doesn't help that none of the club have come by to say hi. They've abandoned him. I know why they're angry, but this is hard for him."

Whizz cursed. "I've demanded a vote to keep him in. I can't promise anything, but will you do me a favor?"

"Sure, I'll do anything for Butch."

"Talk to Alex. He's the one you need to see to reason with Tiny."

"Whizz?"

"You'll do anything for Butch."

"Yes." He knew she was speaking through gritted teeth.

"Then talk with Alex. He'll be the one to talk to Tiny. Butch will have to be voted back in or we'll have to talk about it. Speak with Alex, reason with him, and I'll be back in Fort Wills in a couple of days."

"I will. Whizz, thank you. I know you didn't have to do this, but I'm grateful all the same."

"Don't mention it." He hung up the phone, heading into the diner.

Taking a seat opposite her he flagged down the waitress passing them. He ordered them both two strong coffees. "Have you ordered anything?" he asked.

She shook her head. "No, I've not seen anything I wanted yet."

"I put a call through to Tiny. He believes we all handle this like a team and should be there together."

"What do you think?"

"I think we'll be around Tiny and Ned in a few days. He can handle the meet and greet."

"I can't believe we just got up and left. It seems wrong for some reason."

They both stopped talking as their coffees were delivered.

"Let me know when you want to order," the waitress said before walking away to deal with other customers.

He picked up his drink, taking a sip of the dark liquid. Whizz picked up another menu and started to look through.

"Is Eva's father really that bad?"

"Tiny has to keep up relations. Imagine having the father who knows all the shit you've done, and then you're screwing his daughter as well. Eva kept her identity of who she was related to under wraps for a long time."

Lacey ran her finger down the menu. Whizz merely watched her. He liked watching her, the way she moved or looked. During all the time he looked at her, he'd never seen a smile on her face when she was deep in thought.

The time he'd spent with her he knew she was a caring person. In The Skulls, she'd thrive around the children and people. Lacey was a naturally caring person. The club, when they gave her a chance, would see how loving she could be. Angel and Prue already liked her. When she let her guard down, Lacey was a likeable person.

"Do you want to have children?" he asked.

She jerked in her seat, glancing up at him. "Why are you asking me that?"

"I know what happened. I know you can't have any." She turned her head off into the distance. He saw the glistening of tears in her eyes. "I don't mean to bring up something hard. I wanted to know more about you."

Lacey didn't answer any of his questions. She continued to look down the list on the menu. He noticed her fingers shook a little. Whizz was a patient man. He wanted to know more about the woman he'd fallen for.

"I think the eggs benedict will be good. I've never had that."

"It's a hollandaise sauce over poached egg on an English muffin."

"I'll have that with some bacon. What are you going to have?"

"I'm a simple guy. I'll just have the pancakes." He signaled the waitress, putting through their order. Whizz wished there was something for him to say to make life a little easier for Lacey. She didn't have anything in life to look forward to. He'd taken so much from her, and yet there was nothing to give back. Those bastards had also taken from her. When had she not had something taken from her? The Savage Brothers needed to die. They were a menace and a danger to everyone, but in getting rid of them, he'd taken from her again.

The waitress left them in silence. Lacey's hands were locked together in front of her. She didn't pick up her coffee or make any move to prepare her drink by adding milk or sugar.

"When it happened I didn't think it would matter. I woke up in the hospital, and the doctor was there telling me all these things that had happened. Dalton, he was there holding my hand. I remember thinking I couldn't have kids, who cares. I was ten years old. Kids were the last thing on my mind." He reached out to touch her hands. She stared at his hands but didn't pull away. "As I got older and I started to realize what was taken from me, it started to hurt. I can't have kids. I'll never be able to experience that pleasure or pain, carrying and then birthing a child." She grabbed a napkin and dabbed under her eyes.

His heart was breaking for her. Most of the women at the club knew what it was like to carry a baby and to give birth.

"It has been hard. I'm not going to lie and say it hasn't. There are times I find myself wishing for a family. I think about the future, which is insane because I'm thirty years old. My younger days of planning the future are over. I'm not going to find anyone to settle down with. I can't have kids. My life has been about revenge for so long. I don't even know if I can join back up into the world of the living." She shook her head. "I would have loved to have lived a normal life, going out to work, coming home to a husband and a couple of kids, or even staying at home being the wife." Lacey pressed fingers to her temples. "I'm going insane. There are a lot of things I wish for, Whizz, but there are a lot of people who wish for the same kind of crap and don't get it. I'm no different from all of those people."

"You are different, Lacey. People get to have that dream at some point." He thought about Rose. She couldn't have children either. Whizz didn't know why she couldn't have children. Her life was falling apart, and she couldn't even have children.

Lacey held his hand once again. "Whizz, I'm fine with being a little different. I'm used to it. If I could have kids I would have loved to have them. I love children. I love family. I get why Butch means so much to you. Family, they're important. I see how The Skulls work. You're a family, and no one can take that away from you."

Whizz wanted to give her that family. How could he give a woman a family when she was incapable of getting one? He'd find a way. There was no way he was going to give up easily on his woman.

"Here you go." The waitress placed their plates in front of them. "I hope you enjoy."

They still held their hands even as their food sat between them.

"I'm hungry," Lacey said.

He released her hand and watched her pick up her fork and knife.

"Is that why you tried to end it?" he asked, staring at her inner wrist. Ever since the truth had come out about who she was, she hadn't tried to hide her scars from him or the ink that decorated her body.

"There were a lot of reasons to end it. I failed, and I couldn't do it again."

"Why not?"

She took a bite of her breakfast. He watched her chewing her food.

"Dalton." She sucked in her bottom lip, nibbling on the plump flesh. "When I woke up in the hospital again, he told me the next time I tried, if I succeeded he'd join me. I couldn't risk him losing his life. He had so much to live for. I wouldn't try it again knowing he'd kill himself." She twirled her fork on the plate. "I can't believe I'm sitting here living while he's dead."

"Don't think about it."

****

Lacey hated the reminder of what had happened in the past. Yes, she wanted kids, lots of kids, but wanting and getting were two different things. She couldn't have children. Over the last ten years she'd accepted her fate of being alone. There wasn't any chance of her getting them, so she'd buried the need deep down in an attempt to forget about it. Dalton offered to adopt with her, be her partner. How could they have adopted a kid? They moved around faster than disease. Being with the Savage Brothers wasn't the ideal environment to raise children. She'd turned him down. Lacey hadn't wanted to share a kid with him. Dalton had been her friend, nothing more.

She should have seen sooner what the club was all about. The moment Gonzalez had ordered their deaths twenty years ago he'd sealed all of their fates. Two generations of families affected by one name, Gonzalez. Father and son, each man as evil as the other. The club had been infected like a disease with the need to have revenge. That very need for revenge had ended in a lot of death.

Was it too hard to move forward? Would she always be looking back with the guilt?

"How's your food?"

Looking up, she stared into Whizz's face. His beautiful dark eyes that were filled with light and dark, called to her. He'd been through a similar pain. Like him, she didn't see what he'd been through. Lacey saw the man he was. He'd have made a brilliant father. She couldn't give him children even if he wanted them with her.

"The food's good." She offered him a smile, which he returned with one of his own. "Did you want kids?"

Whizz blew out a breath. "I don't know what I wanted. Kids were way off the mark for me. I liked to play. I've got an entire computer network set up in my room at the clubhouse. You've seen it. I've not thought about ever having kids."

Lacey smiled, glancing down at her food. "Yeah, I expected to see an endless list of porn. I was quite surprised that there's nothing on there."

Darkness clouded his vision. The smile disappeared for the merest fraction of a second. If she hadn't been watching him closely she wouldn't have seen him withdraw from her. Lacey saw it, and it broke her heart. Whizz had a lot of secrets about his time, just like she did. She'd lied to Dalton in the past. She remembered everything that happened to her, the pain, the humiliation of it all. The man before her knew all about pain and trying to forget.

"I used to have a lot of porn." He shrugged. She watched him move his pancake around his plate. "There were a lot of things I used to do."

"Alan took it all away?" He winced at the name she spoke. She knew what that was like. For the longest time she couldn't bring herself to say the name Gonzalez or to hear it. Living with a club intent on revenge, she'd learned to get over her issues with hearing the name.

"Yeah, he took it all away."

"Do you want to talk about it?" She wouldn't judge him. Lacey knew more than most what it was like to think all the time about what happened.

Whizz was silent. She stared at him as he took a bite of pancake then swilled it down with some coffee.

"When it was over I thought I'd be able to handle everything that was thrown at me. It was hard. I had all these pains and aches from the torture that I needed to recover from." He stopped talking to take another bite to eat. She kept eating, watching, and listening to him at the same time. "The boys visited me and for a short time I could forget about the reason I was stuck in hospital, but then I'd catch one of them staring at me. There wouldn't be a look of disgust or pain on their faces. No, I saw the pity, and it would bring it all back." He stared off in the distance somewhere past her shoulder. She knew what it was like to remember, to be jolted back to another time. Reaching over the table, she gripped his hand, offering him the comfort he needed. "Those times were the worst. They'd leave, and everywhere I turned I could see him. I knew he was dead, but it was like his ghost was everywhere I turned. I would listen to music to drown out his voice. I could hear him, see him, and know that he'd changed me. The bastard was dead, but he was right there in my head, taunting me."

Whizz's jaw tensed, and she saw him gritting his teeth.

Opening her hand, she locked her fingers with his, holding him as he finally released the truth for her to hear.

"He talked throughout it?"

"Everything he did to me he talked. I remember thinking it would be a hell of a lot better if he shut up. The silence would make it easier." He stared into her eyes, and she saw the fear that he'd suffered. "For a long time I thought I was going crazy because of the voices I was hearing. I'd scream and start throwing shit around, trying to fight what wasn't there. The nurses would have to come and sedate me throughout the night for me to sleep. I'd thrash around, tearing my stitches open, but the night terrors were the worst. I was back there, and it was all real again."

"The sedation rarely helps," she said. "You're asleep, but the dreams are just groggy. You need to run but because of the drugs you can't run fast enough."

He nodded. "You were sedated?"

"I had to be."

Whizz tightened his grip on her hand. "Yeah, I read your file. I know what happened."

She smiled at his words. "The computer whizz at work."

"It's why I was named that." He gave her a smile. "When I got back to the clubhouse, it wasn't the same. Nothing was ever the same. Butch had left the club for Cheryl and his fear of hurting her. When I went to my room, it was all the same, yet I was different. The women, the club whores expected me to be the same. To fuck at the drop of a hat. I couldn't. I couldn't get hard, and I didn't want anyone touching me. That was the hardest. Being in crowded rooms made me sick to my stomach. I stayed out of the way. It was easier to stay in my room than to leave it. My room offered me salvation while the open world took everything away."

She remembered the crowded rooms and the touching. Lacey hated being touched. The only person she'd ever accepted touch from had been Dalton. Whizz was the one man she wanted his touch, craved his touch more than anything else.

"I didn't drink. I couldn't bring myself to drink as I hated the loss of control. I needed control. It was the one saving grace in my life. Drugs were out of the question. In the hospital I lived on the drugs even when I didn't want them. The last thing I wanted to do was take them again. The world was groggy, but I was still alive."

"So you worked out?"

"Yeah, working out helped me to focus my mind. I was no longer thinking about Alan but the club. I worked out. I got tired, and I was able to sleep. I got stronger. The stronger I got, the more chance I had of helping in the future."

"You were strong in the first place, Whizz." She knew he couldn't have not been strong to get into The Skulls.

"I wasn't strong enough to stop being taken."

"You couldn't have changed that. No one could."

"Still, I made a change, and no fucker is going to get the better of me."

Lacey nodded. She didn't want to let him believe otherwise. It didn't matter how strong he was. When it came to the drugs, he couldn't fight their effects.

"What about the nightmares?"

"They never disappeared. Some nights I was able to work myself into falling asleep and sleeping so deeply that I didn't dream. Other nights I wasn't able to."

"What happened?" she asked.

"I ended up sleeping with some of the couples within the club." He started laughing. "God, I was a fucking mess. They'd allow me into their bed just to help me sleep."

"Why are you smiling?" She found herself smiling along with him.

"Since you've been in my life the nightmares are few and far between. The past couple of nights, I've not dreamt about anything but you."

She stared at their joined hands.

"You make me forget what happened. Do you still have nightmares?"

Lacey shook her head. "Not anymore. They stopped when I was around twenty-five, twenty-six. I don't know what happened or why they stopped. I guess I kind of just grew out of it or got over it." She shrugged. "It's still new and raw for you. I've had the time to move on. You're still fighting."

"The nightmares are the worst."

She shook her head. "They're not the worst. You can always wake up from a dream. Living, that's the worst. When you're living and you're gripped by fear it stops you from living, from connecting with other people." She tucked some hair behind her ear. "You're asleep for five to seven hours a day. The rest you're spent awake, aware of everything around you. For me, that was the worst. I stared at everyone wondering what they were thinking, planning. You can't get away from that kind of fear. At night, I was alone, and I could handle the dreams. I'd get a glass of water, sit and remember those men were not in my life. Sometime, Dalton would be there, and we'd talk. During the day, everyone was awake. You can never get away from the living."

"I never saw it like that."

"You had a family of your own who loved and cared about you."

"So did you."

Lacey shook her head. "They were not my real family. Until Gonzalez took out our parents I didn't spend a lot of time at the club. Dalton wasn't my friend. I don't even think he liked me. We were thrust together like a bunch of orphans. We made do with each other." That's where they were different. Whizz had his family in The Skulls. She'd had to make do with the Savage Brothers. "It's why I wanted to help Butch. I was with the club because I felt a duty to see it through. The revenge. Butch, he was part of the club, but he grew up and away from it all. Butch had some illogical need to help his past. In the end, he tried to stop us, though. He did give us the wrong information. I truly believe he was going to tell you the truth."

"I'm working on getting Butch back within the club. I can't guarantee that he'll get the same kind of position he held, but he might still get his cut."

"I'd really like to help with that. I would hate to think that I and the rest of the Savage Brothers took away his family." She finished her breakfast. "I heard him arguing with Danny and Dalton, telling them revenge was pointless. I wished they'd listened to him."

Butch had waited too long to get shit done with the club. He should have come to them when the Savage Brothers made their presence known. Lacey wished she'd talked to him away from Danny and Dalton. She might have been able to talk some sense to him. Lacey had seen Danny shoot him without any remorse. Whoever Danny's contact had been in town had given him the true location of Gonzalez. She didn't know who it was. Whizz took some notes out of his wallet and placed them on the counter. Together they made their way out toward his bike. She liked being beside him, facing the world together as a team.

"You could adopt," Whizz said, handing her a helmet.

"Huh?"

"Children, you could adopt."

Lacey started laughing. "I couldn't adopt."

"Why not?"

"I've got no home, no money, no background. I've got no career, or life to offer them. No one in their right mind would let me adopt a baby." She made light of her situation. The truth, she was so damn hurt that it made her sick to her stomach. When Dalton offered, she turned him down, but she'd also done her research to see if it was an option. It wasn't. It was hard to go through life craving something you could never have. Every option that had once been open to her over twenty years ago was shut down to her. When she left high school and went along with the Savage Brothers, she'd sealed her own fate in not being able to have what she wanted. The kids were lost to her.

"I could give you the home and the money. I'd stand by you, Lacey."

Before putting the helmet on, she stared at Whizz. "Have you lost your mind?"

He held his hands out in a shrug. "I don't know what I've lost, but I know what I've gained. There is no woman out there for me but you. You're the only woman I want in my life, Lacey. I'd die for you, kill for you. The club knows I'm going to claim you and that'll make you my old lady. If you want kids, a home, a family, say the word, and I'll go out and get them for you."

His words were bringing tears to her eyes. "You don't mean that." No one had ever done anything so selfless for her in her life.

"I do." He reached out to cup her cheek. Before she could protest his lips brushed hers. The kiss wasn't possessive or hard, yet it was filled with so much passion. "For you, Lacey, I will move heaven and earth to get what you want. Tell me what you want, and I'll get it to you. You're my woman. I'm not letting you go."

Lacey gasped, looking around them as Whizz got on one knee before her. Her heart was racing. After everything they'd been through, this was the last thing she thought he'd do for her. He took hold of her hand.

"Lacey, you're a crazy woman with blue hair, but you're my woman." He pressed a hand to his heart. "You're in here. I didn't think I was capable of love, that it had been torn out of me. I was wrong. I love you. I want to live the rest of my life with you." Tears filled her eyes. This was something out of a fairytale, a biker fairytale. This was not what happened to people like her. "Will you do me the greatest honor of becoming my wife?"

She was shocked still as he removed his cut, his symbol of the club he was part of. "I don't have an engagement ring, but I have this. I want to marry you more than anything."

For several seconds she simply stared at him in shock. "Yes." The words came out of her mouth as if they were spoken by someone else. "Yes, I'll marry you."

Whizz got to his feet, wrapping the jacket around her shoulders. The leather smelled of him.

"Let's go to the beach."

She'd go everywhere with him. Whizz went to climb on the bike, but she stopped him. Gripping his arm, she cupped his cheek. She pressed a kiss to his lips. "I love you."

****

"For fuck's sake, Angel, put some muscle behind it," Gash said, growling at her. He watched her land on her ass again after she failed, again, to get a hit out at him.

"I'm trying," she said, blowing some blonde hair off her face.

"I've told you it would be easier to just shoot the fucker in the face. I'll teach you how to work a gun."

"No, a gun would be useless. I wouldn't carry a gun. Every time I've been attacked a gun would have been useless. I'd have to reach for it to grab it. I've not had any time to grab a gun. The only thing I've got is to be able to attack back or to stall them."

"You're doing fuck all to try." He moved away from the mat to grab some water. The gentlemanly thing to do would be to offer her a hand. When she was in the middle of a fight, man or woman, no one would act nice about her landing on her ass. He'd tried to get her to take the gun training, but she wouldn't do it. Gash understood why, but it pissed him off. He took a long swig of the water watching her get to her feet. She wore sports gear. The shorts clung to her body like a second skin while her shirt, long with a picture of a skull in the center, had to belong to Lash. Angel was a beautiful woman, no denying that. Her biggest problem was the fact she was too damn nice. "How the fuck did Lash get you? He's an asshole."

"That's not nice. Lash is a wonderful man."

"You and me, princess, we see two different kinds of men."

"No, you see a different kind of man. I see the man I love." She got to her feet, stretching out her muscles.

He watched her closely as she started to wince. "Are you all right?"

"I'm fine," she said.

"Your biggest problem is you're too afraid to hurt me."

"I don't want to hurt you. This is only supposed to be about training."

For the past couple of days they'd sneaked away to start her training. She was making little progress. He needed to up the stakes for her to realize the real danger she could be in.

"You're right. This is supposed to be training." He put the bottle down and advanced toward her. "But this is not training." When he was in front of her he grabbed her around the neck. He held her tight, not enough to leave bruises but enough to make her start to panic. "This is the fucking reality, sweetheart." He turned her around so her back was pressed to his front. She started clawing at his arm. Gash didn't let her go. Angel was useless at self-defense. How Lash could live with himself knowing that his woman was unprotected was beyond Gash. Angel would be in a hell of a lot more danger when she took the role of Eva in years to come. "What are you going to do now? Men are going to want to touch you, Angel. They don't see a mother or Lash's woman. They only see a woman with a body capable of fucking."

He moved them both so she was pressed against the wall and his body flush against hers. She cried out as he connected them to the wall. Releasing her neck, he grabbed both of her hands, capturing her in place. "I was able to disarm you without worry. I could beat you, rape you, kill you without even breaking into a sweat."

Gash moved in close, adding to the threat.

Withdrawing away, he gave her space she needed.

She turned to face him. Tears were in her eyes, and she stared back at him.

"This is not training. You're at risk every time you go out. Lash knows the risk, and yet you're still unprotected."

He saw she was scared.

"I want you to know I'll never hurt you. I've never in all my life hurt a woman. I was convicted of raping one and murdering a man. I didn't kill or rape anyone. When you're here, you need to start taking this training seriously. There are men out there who will go out of their way to make you suffer."

She placed her hand over her neck, taking several deep breaths.

"If you want to continue training, you're going to have to get used to the fact you're going to hurt me. I need you to hurt me to know that this is working."

Angel nodded.

"The choice is up to you."

"I want to continue. I need to do this. You've just proven how much I need this." Her eyes grew wide as she spoke.

"Good."

They both walked back to the center of the mat. "Then let's start this again."

Gash moved to grip her, and Angel started to put more force behind her hits. She didn't get the better of him, but her kicks and punches were starting to hurt him. Throughout the session she stopped shaking from his threat and started to channel her fear into her attack. He saw the change in her eyes and stance. Gash hoped he didn't need to put his hands on her again. He wasn't lying to her. Gash never put his hands on a woman in anger. In a few months time when he got the all clear from Tiny, he was going to do exactly that. There was a woman out there he was going to kill.

Chapter Ten

Whizz arrived at the beach a little after one. Lacey climbed off the bike, handing him the helmet. He watched her as she took in the scene around them. The beach was filled with lots of people soaking up the last of the sunshine before fall truly hit. It wouldn't be long for Christmas to be upon them and then all chance of sunshine would be lost. Fort Wills often got a lot of snow, making it impossible to drive anywhere.

"Wow, this is beautiful."

Over the horizon he saw the ocean. A couple of ships were out at sea, but the sun shining down created a beautiful, picturesque view. Whizz was more interested in the woman staring out at the view. Lacey looked like she'd never seen a beach or ocean before, and he asked her if she had.

"I've seen one. I've just never gotten the chance to enjoy the view before. It's beautiful. Breathtaking."

"Come on. Let's go and join in with the crowd." He left his bike and took her hand.

On their way down to the beach his cell phone started to ring.

"I can't go anywhere," he said.

Lacey started chuckling.

Answering the call, he saw Killer was calling him.

"You went to the beach and didn't even think to invite us?" Killer asked.

Whizz started to laugh. "Why would I invite you? Your woman's sick."

"She's got a stomach bug. It would be better than being here."

"Why?"

Lacey slowed down, and they took their time getting mixed in with everyone. He was aware of some of the men staring at her. She was a striking beauty with her blue hair and body covered with ink. When she was naked she was even more tempting. None of these men would ever know how truly beautiful she was. He didn't like anyone looking at his woman.

"Ned and Tiny have started shouting and not stopped. It's fucking insane."

"Do you know why he brought a couple of fighters?" Whizz's curiosity got the better of him.

"Yeah, you should see them. They actually look like mutants or something. They're large, strong, and deadly. They're three of his prized fighters."

"I don't need you to tell me that you fancy them, Killer. Why are they here?"

"Bite me. Ned wants Eva to keep them around as an extra layer of protection. He's let Tiny know he doesn't trust him or the club. His little girl was never in danger when she was in Vegas, and there were a lot more threats when she lived at home. It's more a pissing contest between the two men. Ned's fucking scary for an old dude."

"I doubt that went well with Tiny." Ned was an old man, but he'd kept in shape and was still a deadly fucker. No one should underestimate him.

"Eva called Alex. We're waiting for him to make a stop to try to talk to one or the other. They're both too hard-headed to let the other one have space. Eva's ready to snap."

"Thank you for giving me a heads-up." Whizz stopped outside of a shop. Lacey didn't question him. She rested against the wall that separated the footpath from the beach.

"No problem. When are you due home?"

"We'll be home in a day or so. I just want to spend some time away from the club with my woman."

"You're claiming her?" Killer asked.

"Yeah. She's the one for me."

Lacey's face heated under his assessment. He wanted her naked with no fear of the club interrupting with their time.

"I'm happy for you, man. I'll leave you to it."

He hung up, leading the way into the shop.

"Do I want to know what's going on?"

"Ned wants to leave three fighters for Eva's protection."

"Is Tiny happy with that?"

"No. He doesn't want anyone who's not part of the club there protecting his woman. Tiny can do a lot of shit, and say a lot of shit, but he loves that woman more than he loves everything else." Whizz picked up a blanket and a couple extra towels. When he passed a stand, he grabbed the sunscreen, and bottles of water.

"I feel bad for you paying for everything."

"Don't." He liked her depending on him for everything.

Once outside, they made their way close to the sea. There was a small section of beach that had a space for them. He placed the blanket on the sand as Lacey removed his jacket, taking a seat.

"It's so warm."

She pulled her knees tight up against her chest as he took a seat beside her. He couldn't tear his gaze away from her. She was so beautiful.

You're going to marry her.

When they got home he'd start looking for a place for them to share. After they were settled he'd start to look at adopting. He never thought about children. Sure, he loved the kids his brothers had back at the club but never for himself.

"Tell me about yourself, Whizz," she said, lying back. No one invaded their space. The noise of laughing adults and children filled his senses. Dogs barked in the distance, as the ocean swished about. The sounds were peaceful to him.

"What do you want to know?"

"Your life before the club and bikes? What was it like?"

He picked up a strand of her hair, twirling it through his fingers. "You want to talk about my past."

"You know my past, my family. I know nothing else about you. Were you normal? Human? Machine?"

He laughed at her teasing. "I was normal. I had a family." Whizz stopped thinking about his life before it all changed. "I was the oldest son. I had a younger brother. My mom and dad were the kind of couple you adored. She was always in the kitchen baking." Whizz hadn't thought about his family for such a long time. "She didn't like buying pre-packed stuff that she could make herself. In her home the bread on offer was baked by herself. Biscuits, cakes, everything that was sweet she made. When we went out she'd make everything. My dad was on Wall Street. He was good with figures and shit, made a lot of money, but it never got to him." He frowned, staring past her shoulder to the family lying a few feet away. The dad was ticking his son as the dog barked around them. "He didn't let the money or the business go to his head. Mom was a stay at home mom. She was there for everything, awards, football games. You think it, and she was there. We were happy."

"Wow, it seems strange for you to have actually experienced a happy life."

With every story it didn't end there.

"What happened, Whizz? If your family was so perfect, what happened?"

"I was eighteen when the cops came. Mom and Dad had gone into the city with my brother for his birthday. I had to study. I wanted to go with them, but I wasn't allowed to. I had studying to do for a damn math exam the next day." Whizz stared into her green eyes, losing himself in their color. "Mom told me to get an A and she'd make it up to me. I remember her kissing my head, my dad ruffling my hair on the way out. I fist bumped with my brother, and they were gone. They didn't come home."

"Why?" Lacey's eyes were watery. He leaned forward, kissing each of her eyes in turn.

"You don't need to cry for me."

"Yes, I do. Why did they die?"

"A drunk driver in a truck. He fell asleep at the wheel at the same time my parents' car was coming toward him. They were killed instantly."

"How do you know?"

"I didn't trust the cops. I hacked into the CCTV around that area and watched it happen. I'd always been a computer buff, still am. I've been working with computers all my life. I love them."

"They tell the truth," she said.

"Yeah, they tell the truth."

"What did you do?"

"Dad made sure everything was taken care of. I sold the house when I was twenty-one. I went to college. I've got a degree in business and technology. When I passed, I got into bikes, somehow stumbled upon The Lions. The rest is it. You know the rest."

"You've not had an easy life."

"No one has an easy life, Lacey. You've not had an easy one, and neither have I. Shit happens."

"Do you miss them?" she asked.

"Sometimes. I miss how easy life seemed to be then. They made all the decisions, and I just went with whatever they wanted." Whizz hadn't given them much of a thought in the last few years.

"What was your brother's name?" she asked.

"Billy. He hated the name, but Mom and Dad loved it."

"Billy and Adam?"

"Yep." He smiled at his name.

"I think I like Whizz a little more."

He released the strand of hair and moved to sink his fingers into the full length of her hair.

"Kiss me," he said.

Whizz pulled her close until he hovered above her lips. He wanted to taste her, to touch her and know they were both alive to tell the tale. She opened up to his invading tongue, and he dived in.

He swallowed down her moans, relishing every sensation she inspired.

When he pulled away, he rested his head against hers.

"Come on, let's go for a swim."

"I've got no swimsuit," she said.

"So? I'll buy you an extra pair of clothes." He grabbed her hand. "Come on, Lacey. This was supposed to be about fun, not sadness."

****

"Hold on." Lacey bent down to untie her laces, kicking off her shoes. Whizz did the same. His story had been a sad one. She couldn't imagine a boy who looked like Whizz being given the news. He was a strong man who kept a great deal locked up inside.

When she finished with her shoes, she ran down with him to the sea. The moment she hit the water, Lacey screamed. The water was cold.

Whizz was right behind her. "No, you don't."

He started to push her further into the water.

She screamed, laughing as she tried to fight him. At one point she managed to break free of his hold but not for long as Whizz caught her up against him.

"You're not going anywhere." He lifted her up in his arms and started walking further out to the ocean.

"No, Whizz, no." She tried to pull out of his arms.

"I can't hear you."

"Don't you dare, Whizz. I swear if I go into that water you're going to regret it." Not long after she spoke the words he dropped her in the ocean.

Lacey didn't let him get away. She grabbed onto his legs and pulled him under with her.

Together they broke the surface, laughing. His face changed with the happiness. There was no darkness reflected in his eyes. He looked so happy. This was what she wanted to do for him, to help him find that glow for life. He made her feel exactly the same, and she didn't want to lose that.

Flicking water at his face, she pushed her hair off her face.

"I'm so not happy with you right now." She tried to glare but failed as he caught her close.

"I can make you happy with me," he said.

"No, you can't." Again, she went to glare at him. One of his hands moved between her thighs, stroking her through her trousers. "That's cheating," she said, gasping.

He shook his head. "It's not cheating. I'm using all the tools at my disposal to get what I want. What I want is you, Lacey."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her breasts to his hard chest.

"What do you want?" he asked.

"I'm right where I want to be."

Lacey wouldn't let any of the memories or guilt invade their moment. When she was with Whizz, he made her want to be a better person.

"I love you," she said, whispering the words against his lips. "You're the first man I've ever said that to."

"Funny, you're the first woman I've said that to."

"We broke each other's love cherry." She nipped at his lip, not wanting this moment to end.

"It's a good job I left the phone back on the beach."

His change in conversation made her laugh. She flung her head back, chuckling.

"You're completely insane, Whizz.

He took possession of her lips once again making her moan.

"Eww, they're kissing, Daddy."

A young girl with her father passed them by. They were paddling on a surf board together.

"Honey, leave them."

"Sorry," Lacey said, burying her head against Whizz's neck.

"It's all right. Sorry about my daughter."

They passed, and when they were far enough away Lacey groaned. "I can't believe that just happened," she said.

"It happened." He kept kissing her.

Together they stayed in the water for a good twenty or thirty minutes. Lacey didn't care how long they were in the water. She loved every second of her time with Whizz. He knew how to have fun. They walked out of the ocean, completely soaked through. She collapsed onto the blanket, groaning as Whizz's cell phone went off.

She handed it to him, staring up as he looked at the screen.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Nothing. It's just the club. They can't seem to handle me being away."

Lacey smiled. "You're the whizz of the club. Tiny probably wants you to find something to dig on Ned."

He collapsed beside her, pulling her in close. "The club can wait."

Whizz held the phone up for her to see. He switched it off, disconnecting them from Fort Wills. They were finally alone.

The time at the beach went by so fast. Lacey loved every second. After they took a little breather on the sand, they went back into the ocean for a swim. At some point Whizz was pulled into a game of ball where they hit a ball over the net. She sat and watched him, cheering him on when he beat the other team.

When he joined her back at their pitch, he groaned. "I'm starving."

"Thank God. I thought it was only me," she said, laughing. "I'm starving, Whizz."

"Come on. Let's go and get something to eat."

They packed up their blankets, carrying them under their arms.

"Did you have fun today?" he asked.

She linked her arm with his. "You've got no idea how much fun I had. I didn't want it to end."

"It's not going to end. We're not driving back tonight."

They found a burger place and entered the shop. Lacey took the booth in the back corner. She picked up the menu as Whizz took a seat.

Her clothing was dry. She'd spent most of the afternoon lying on the sand, waiting for her clothes to dry.

"Are you sure you don't want to get back in touch with home?" Lacey asked.

He shook his head. "No. Everything going on in Fort Wills can stay there for forty-eight hours. I've not done something like this in years. It's time for us to live a little, Lacey."

She smiled, glancing over the food. "You're going to think I'm a right pig."

"No, I'll order double of whatever you order. I can't have my woman feeling like a pig."

****

Alex cursed, closing his phone. Whizz had turned his phone off on purpose. He glanced across the room at Cheryl, the mother of his child.

"Where's Michael?" he asked.

"He's with Eva back at the club."

Sunshine would be back soon. He'd been hoping for a peaceful Sunday to get his thoughts together.

"You want me to talk to Tiny about giving Butch a second chance."

"Yes." She was fiddling with her hands. He hated women who fiddled with their hands. Alex had been a complete ass to Cheryl. The attraction he'd once felt for her had long gone. She'd been a nice distraction. The only good thing to come from the weekend they spent together was Michael. His son brought a whole load of complications of his own.

"No. I'm not going to do it. You've got to be insane to think that."

"Butch did everything you asked him to."

"I didn't once tell him to go to the Savage Brothers and betray our club. The Skulls was his club, not them."

"I get that, and he paid that fucking price, Alex. I understand your anger, I really do. I was angry when he told me about it, but he also gave you their location when he didn't need to. Butch gave you that location knowing that you could have still killed him once he had. He didn't put the women in any danger. That was all on me. He made sure you killed them all but one. Butch held his end of the bargain. Do not bring this back to him. You were the one to put him at risk in the first place."

He shook his head. "Butch knew what he was getting into when I asked. You can't know what shit he was getting into."

Alex saw her eyes were filled with tears.

"You're not going to help him?"

"No. I'm not going to convince Tiny to bring him back into the club. He doesn't deserve it."

Cheryl nodded. She took a step back. "You better make the most of being with Michael."

Alex froze. "What?"

"You heard me."

"You can't take my son from me." He took a step toward her.

"I won't be taking him away from you. You will. If Butch can't be part of The Skulls, there's no reason for us to stay in Fort Wills. We're looking at homes out of town. Maybe a fresh start would be for the best."

She turned her back on him. There was no way Alex was going to let her leave with his son. "I'll fight you for my son, Cheryl. You've got no chance of winning."

Cheryl turned to face him. "I've got every chance of winning. You can fight all you want, Alex. You've got the money, the reputation, the credit that is due a man of your stature, but you don't have something that Butch and I have."

"What is that?" he asked, calling her bluff.

"Michael's love."

Her words were like a gunshot wound. They hit hard, and direct.

"I can win."

"Go ahead, Alex. When a judge asks our son who he'd rather be with and he says his mother and stepfather, no judge would ever give him to you, and if he did, Michael would hate you." She shrugged. "Butch doesn't deserve to be cast aside. Make sure he isn't and we'll stay in Fort Wills. I'm make sure Michael forgives you."

He stared at her for several seconds. "Tiny got it wrong. You would be much better in the role of leading the club. You're a manipulative bitch."

"No, I'm not, Alex. What I am is a mother and wife, prepared to do whatever it takes to make sure her man is cared for. Butch and Michael mean everything to me. I'd never do anything to put them in danger. You're nothing. You were a sperm donor. I'm not bluffing, Alex. Don't ever think you can fuck me over."

She turned on her heel and left him alone. He couldn't chase after her or demand that she come back. Cheryl had the last word all the way.

His cell phone went off. Hoping it was Whizz, he answered without looking at the screen.

"Hello," Alex said.

"You better get your ass down to the clubhouse before I kill my motherfucking father-in-law," Tiny said.

"I'm coming."

This was what his life had turned into. He'd become a referee.

Chapter Eleven

Whizz opened the door to the luxury hotel room he'd booked them both into for the night. They'd eaten food at the burger place, and he'd asked the owner for the best hotel in town.

"I guess this place beats cockroaches and rats," Lacey said, moving past him to sit on the end of the bed. She did a little bounce then lay back. "Feels good."

"You stayed in a lot of places with rats and roaches?" He closed and locked the door. Pulling the curtains closed, he made sure they had a lot of privacy.

"Yeah, a lot of run down places that were not worth the shit they were asking." She sat back up, resting back on her hands. "This place is good though."

He stared at her. The need for her started to build back up inside him. Whizz wanted her badly.

"Stand up," he said, dropping the blankets onto the floor.

She stood without argument. He kicked his shoes off, watching her do the same, mimicking his actions.

"Strip." He tugged the shirt he wore over his head.

Lacey hesitated with her hand at the top of her shirt.

"There's no room to be nervous here, Lacey. I want you. I need you." He threw the shirt on the floor between them. "We're going to make a pile of clothes here."

He went to the belt holding up his jeans.

She tugged the shirt over her head, revealing a pretty white lace bra, covering her tits. He slid the jeans down his thighs, kicking out of them until he stood in his boxer shorts. Wrapping his fingers around the length of his cock, he stared at her as she stood in her sexy yet innocent underwear.

"Don't move," he said, stepping over their small pile of clothes. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he moved up to flick the catch that held her bra.

Whizz had her completely naked within seconds. Before she had time to say a word, he sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. He loved her large, ripe tits. They always looked ready to be sucked and nibbled.

She spoke his name on a moan. Licking a path between her cleavage, he started to circle the other bud, lavishing each tit with his tongue. Lacey sank her fingers into his hair, gripping the length. He moved his hands down to cup her ass. Squeezing the generous mounds, he let out a groan as his woman filled his hands. Fuck, he wanted inside her, needed to feel her tight cunt wrapped around his cock.

Leaving her breast, he stood to claim her mouth. He led her back onto the bed. She didn't have any choice but to move further into the center.

"I'm not going to go easy on you this time, Lacey. This time I'm going to fuck you until I fill you with my cum."

Her cheeks were a lovely shade of red.

"Spread your legs, baby."

She opened her thighs wide. Gripping his cock, he ran the tip through her creamy slit, groaning at how wet she actually was. He'd not taken the time to get her ready, but she was.

"Beg me, Lacey."

"Please, Whizz, fuck me. I need to feel you inside me. Please." She did exactly as he asked.

He aligned the tip of his cock at her entrance and slowly fed her his shaft. When the tip was inside, he returned his grip to her waist. Staring into her intense green eyes, he slammed to the hilt, going as deep as he could within her core.

"Fuck, Lacey. You're so tight." He pulled out of her only to ram back in.

She gripped his arms. Her nails dug into the flesh. He liked the pain she created with her passion.

"That's it, baby, show me how much you love my cock."

Lacey cried out his name as he pulled out only to slam back inside. For several thrusts he didn't give her a chance to grow accustomed to his length. He fucked her long and hard, making her take as much of him as he wanted to give her.

Whizz wanted her at his mercy. Grabbing her hands, he pressed them above her head.

"I'm the one in control here. Not you." He kissed her lips, nipping at her bottom lip. Whizz moved down to suck on her neck. He wanted his mark all over her body for everyone to see who she belonged to. "Who owns you, Lacey?"

"You do." She screamed the words out as he leaned down, sucking in her nipple. He bit the hard bud, flicking the tip with his tongue. Whizz moved onto the next one at the same time as he fucked hard into her aching, wet cunt. She was all his. Whizz would never harm her or let her go.

"That's right, baby. I own you. This body is mine, to fuck, to love, to fill with my cum."

She arched up to meet each of his thrusts.

There was no way he was going to last. The tightness of her pussy drove him to the edge of pleasure. He couldn't hold off his release. Sliding one of his hands between them, he stroked her swollen clit. "Come all over my cock, Lacey."

Her eyes grew wide as he pounded inside her at the same time as stroking her nub. "I can't," she said, groaning.

Whizz wouldn't accept that for an answer. He pinched her clit, driving to the hilt within her body. "Come for me, Lacey." He stopped inside her but continued to stroke her clit. "I can do this all night." The need to come was strong, but he'd hold it off for as long as he needed to. He was thirty-three years old and had a hell of a lot more stamina about him than a fucking schoolboy.

"Please," she said, begging.

"Come for me, Lacey. Let me feel all that cream sliding around my cock. Then I'll fuck you."

He teased her clit, watching her slowly unravel in his arms. Whizz nipped at her lips, moving down to kiss her neck, sucking on her tender flesh.

Her stomach quivered, and within seconds she was writhing in pleasure underneath him. Whizz worked the orgasm that he wanted from her body. Slowly, he started to slide his cock in and out of her. He kept up playing with her clit as he loved the sweet sounds that came from her.

When he couldn't stand the slow pace much longer, he gripped her hips and slammed home. She thrust her pelvis up to meet him. Taking possession of her lips, he loved her hard, coming just as hard inside her. His milky cum filled her pussy. For a split second he thought about the babies they'd never make. His heart ached for her, but he knew he'd spend the rest of his life making sure she would get exactly what she wanted, what she needed to complete her. He would make sure she had a family of her own.

Whizz collapsed over her, feeling her heart race against his own. He didn't pull out of her right away. They were connected as one, like they were always supposed to be.

"That was amazing," she said.

He traced the outline of her lips, loving the plump flesh. "It's going to be like that all the time."

She cupped his cheek. "I love you, Whizz. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for what I did."

"There's nothing to forgive. I'm not going to hold your past life against you. If you hadn't been with your club, you wouldn't have come to Fort Wills and saved me. I needed saving, Lacey."

There was no escaping the truth. Lacey had saved him. Before she came along he had been merely an empty shell who ate, worked out, and worked. There was nothing to his life, no excitement, just fear. The fear of his nightmares, the fear of going out and not coming back home. He'd lived with the fear, keeping it to himself without giving anything away to The Skulls.

The one thing he could never risk was losing Lacey. She gave him a reason for living, a reason to breathe.

****

He always knew how to say the right thing to bring tears to her eyes. Lacey stared up into his dark gaze. The love she felt for him made her nervous at times. She'd never felt this connected to another person in all her life. This wasn't about his cock inside her pussy. This was about something more. She'd not felt like this when she was around Dalton. The only time she'd felt this alive was with Whizz. He completed her.

All of her life she'd been consumed by the pain. The pain of being unable to carry children, to let another man touch her. The memories at times dragged her down, making it hard to breathe. Then Whizz came into her life and she found herself wishing for the tomorrows with him inside them. She didn't want to live her life without him there.

Her only regret was the fact she'd never be able to give him children of his own.

"I love you," he said. "You're my entire world locked up tight with blue hair."

She started laughing. "When the dye comes out I was thinking of going purple." Lacey licked her lips, staring into his eyes. "Will you dye my hair for me when the time comes?" Dalton had always been the one to dye her hair. She'd not let anyone else come near her. Whizz wasn't Dalton. He was her man, the only person she trusted to come near her.

"I know this has significance, doesn't it?" he asked.

She nodded. "Dalton." She spoke her friend's name and licked her lips. "He was the only one I allowed to touch me."

"I'll be honored to dye your hair." Whizz brushed some hair off her cheek. Neither of them moved for a long time or spoke. Words were not necessary in that moment.

Whizz touched and stroked her face and neck. She reached out to touch him, to love him.

"It's time to take you in the shower."

Before she could protest, Whizz had pulled out of her body and grabbed her around the waist. His strength never failed to surprise her.

"Whizz, what are you doing? I can walk." She hated it when he lifted her up in his arms with ease. Lacey knew she wasn't light, far from light, but Whizz held her as if she weighed nothing.

He placed her in the stall of the shower then followed her inside, turning the water on. She screamed as cold water washed down on them. Lacey tried to move behind him, but he wouldn't let her. He held her tight in front of him, refusing to let her get past.

"Whizz, stop it," she said, screaming.

His laughter filled the air. She slapped his chest just as the water started to warm up. "You're completely insane."

In response he cupped her breast, pinching the nipple. He did the same with the other hand. She started to moan as heat filled her core. His touch never failed to turn her on.

Whizz's lips nibbled on her neck, biting down on the flesh.

"I want you, Lacey."

"You've just had me."

"I'm never going to stop wanting you."

He released one of her breasts, to grab her hand. Whizz pulled her hand behind her, and she felt the evidence of his need for her. His shaft was long and thick.

"You're insatiable."

"Only for you, Lacey. Always for you." He kissed her head going down to her neck. She started to work his cock, going from the root up to the tip. "Fuck, baby, I want inside you."

"We're supposed to be showering." The hand that had gripped hers dove between her thighs. She opened her legs wide for him to touch her with ease.

"Beautiful, baby. You're so fucking beautiful." His finger flicked her clit before sliding down to enter her pussy. "You're filled with my cum." Two fingers pumped inside her pussy, sliding back up to slowly circle her clit.

"Whizz?" she said, speaking his name on a groan.

"What, baby?"

"I need you, please."

"You'll get all of me, Lacey. Always and forever."

As suddenly as he started touching her, he stopped. He moved his hand away, leaving her empty inside. She growled in frustration.

"What does my woman want?"

"I want you to fuck me."

He chuckled. "We'll get washed and then your ass is mine."

She wanted to slap him for the way he teased her. His teasing didn't do anything other than to drive her crazy. "You're not playing fair, you know that right?"

"I've not played fair in a long time, baby. You've got to learn that there's no getting away from that. I'll do what it takes to get what I want." He picked up the soap.

Lacey didn't have much time to protest as he even used washing her to add to the sensuality of his actions.

"You're not fair. Not fair at all."

When he put the soap aside, Lacey snagged the bar and started to work on his body. She soaped her hands, using them to clean his body. Lacey watched his rock hard body as she started to wash away the day's grime.

"Are you being thorough, baby?"

Glancing up at him, she slid her hands down to cup his cock and balls. "I better make sure you're completely clean. I can't leave any inch unturned." She moved closer, whispering the words against his skin. He smelled so good. The arousal grew thicker between them. Lacey moaned. "Whizz, I need you."

He didn't say anything else, washing her hair as she flicked the tip of his cock. His ministrations didn't stop once.

She fingered his balls, feeling them tighten as his cock got harder.

Within seconds he had the soap washed from her hair. Lacey didn't get a chance to wash him further. Whizz turned off the shower, opened the door, and stepped out. He picked her back up in his arms.

The bed hit her back, but Whizz didn't stop there. He flipped her onto her stomach, drawing her up to her knees. She glanced behind her body to see him staring down at her.

His cock stood out long, thick, and proud. They were still wet from the shower.

She tightened her hands into fists, gathering up the blanket as he rubbed the tip of his cock at her entrance.

There were no words. Whizz gripped her hips with only the tip of his cock inside her. She tensed up as he plunged inside her. He went so deep that he hit the top of her cervix. Lacey cried out as he didn't stop there.

His hands moved down to her ass, spreading her cheeks wide.

"I'm going to fuck your ass, Lacey." His cock left her pussy to be replaced by his fingers. She rested her head on the sheets, knowing there was no point in fighting him. Whizz knew what he was doing. His slick fingers moved back to her ass going over the puckered hole. The sensation of him pressing his fingers against her anus felt strange to Lacey. She'd never been fucked in the ass before. If Whizz wanted it, she'd give into him.

The last thing she wanted to do was deny her man what he wanted.

He gathered more of her cream, getting her ass nice and wet.

"I'm going to use my fingers first. Tell me if it hurts too much."

She kept her eyes closed as one finger pressed a little more firmly at the center of her ass. Lacey cried out as he got past her tight ring of muscles to slide in. Whizz pumped one finger in her ass until she started to push back against him, wanting more.

When she started to beg him for more, he added a second finger. Once she was accustomed to the feel of his two fingers, he pulled them out.

Lacey whimpered, wanting a little more from him.

"You're ready to take my cock now, Lacey. I'll take it easy for you."

She nodded. What words were necessary in that moment? "Aye, aye, captain," seemed completely out of place.

The rounded tip of his cock pressed to her anus. She breathed out as his cock was a lot bigger than his fingers.

"Push out, Lacey."

She did as he asked, pushing out, and the rounded tip of his cock pressed inside her. There was a split second of pain, and she cried out from the pressure. Whizz stroked a hand down her back, soothing her. "That's always the hardest part. It'll be better now."

"It's easier for you to say. You don't have a cock in your ass."

Lacey regretted the words instantly, but Whizz chuckled. "Your ass is nice and tight. Don't worry, baby, I'll make sure you get used to having me inside you."

She huffed but didn't complain as he started to work another inch of his shaft within her.

"That's it, baby. Push me out."

Each time she tried to push him out all it did was make it easier for him to slide inside.

"Whizz?"

"Don't worry. I'm almost all the way inside."

She opened her eyes, and tried to look at him. He was watching his cock where he was moving inside her.

"Fuck, Lacey. You don't have a clue how beautiful this looks," he said.

Gritting her teeth, she pressed back against him, wanting all of his cock.

"Do you want it all?"

"Yes."

He gripped her hips a little tighter and started to work his cock deep inside her. In one thrust he embedded himself inside her ass.

Lacey screamed as he stretched her in ways she didn't think she was supposed to. She held the blanket in a death grip.

"You've got all of me, Lacey. It'll be much better now."

Whizz stayed still inside her for her to get used to the feel of him. He crooned, caressing her back at the same time.

"When are you going to move?" she asked, breathlessly.

"Are you ready for me to move?"

"Yes. Please, move."

The pain had turned to a pleasurable ache that she couldn't control. Whizz slowly started to work his cock out of her ass until only the tip remained. She whimpered, not wanting him to leave her. There was no need for her to whimper as he thrust back inside.

For the first couple of thrusts he took his time allowing her to get accustomed to the size of his cock. Lacey didn't think it was possible, but she started to cry out in pleasure, begging him to go a little harder, a little faster.

"Okay, baby." Whizz gave her everything, starting to go harder and faster within her ass.

"Yes, please, don't stop."

"Touch yourself, baby. Let me feel you come."

Releasing her hold on the blanket, she slid her hand down between her thighs, and started to stroke her nub. The pleasure intensified as she touched her clit.

"Fuck, your ass just got tight. Touch yourself. Let yourself come."

Lacey groaned, fingering her swollen nub.

It didn't take much before she was screaming out her release. Whizz pounded inside her ass until he groaned, and his cock jerked inside her. With his hard cock within her ass she felt the flood of his arousal filling her. Blowing out a breath, she groaned at the feeling of him being inside her.

"Fuck, baby, you're so fucking amazing." He kept cursing, and it only made her chuckle. The sudden movement made her groan as Whizz was still inside her body. "I'm going to pull out. Stay where you are."

She held her breath as he worked his now flaccid cock from out of her ass. Lacey heard him moving away. In the next second a cool cloth landed over her ass.

"Whizz?"

"Lacey, I'm trying to stay in control right now. My cum was leaking from your ass, and I wanted inside you once again."

"I was only going to tell you that I love you."

He wiped her ass, cleaning her up. When he left her, she collapsed to the bed, waiting for him to climb inside. He turned the light out as she settled in bed beside her. "We're going to have to head back home tomorrow."

"I don't mind. Today has been wonderful." She rested her head on his chest, knowing she'd love being around him more than anything else. "When we go home, can I go and visit Butch?"

"Yeah. He'll be home in a day or two. I'm hoping to get the club to agree to vote him back in."

She nodded. "I'd hate for him to lose the family. It'll take him time to earn back their trust. I'm not going to lie, he may never do it."

"It will work. He won't be alone, Lacey. I promise you I'll do whatever it takes. I've even got Cheryl working Alex."

Lacey tucked some hair behind her ear. "It must be hard for her."

"It is, but she's got leverage that I don't have. She's got her son, Michael."

"Do you think it's wise doing that?" she asked.

"I'll do whatever it takes to keep Butch within the club. Gonzalez and over the years other men have come and destroyed parts of the club. We're no longer friends with the Chaos Bleeds crew. Devil and Tiny are no longer talking. Eva and Lexie are talking, but it's not the same. It hasn't been the same in a long time."

She looked up at him. "I hope I can help you bring the club back together."

He kissed the top of her head. "I'll get you a ring when we get home. I didn't want to tell Killer that I was engaged. I want us both to tell the club that we're going to get married."

Heat filled her cheeks as she thought about confronting the club.

"What is it?" he asked.

"I don't know. I'm not used to being the center of attention. The Skulls is your club, your family. I'm nervous."

He started to laugh. "You've got nothing to be nervous about. The women already adore you. You'll fit right in."

Whizz wrapped his arms around her. For once, she actually believed him when he said it was going to be okay. She didn't really have a choice. There was no future for her without him.

****

Alex entered the clubhouse to hear nonstop arguing.

"I'm not having any of your fucking fighters near my fucking woman," Tiny said, yelling.

"You can't take care of my girl. You've put her in danger more than anyone I know. I can't believe you even think you've got what it takes to take care of her."

"Dad, stop it."

"No, I won't stop. I'm sick and tired of having to listen to the shit that goes down. I'm doing what that fuck-face should do to take care of you," Ned said, growling each word out.

Alex took a deep breath and rounded the corner to enter the club house. Eva clocked him first, and she shook her head. This is what he'd been doing his whole life, talking with Tiny. He was the one who'd brought Ned into his life through the drug runs. All of them knew other people that knew other people that kept them in contact with others. It was an insane scheme of things but one that worked.

"What's going on?" Alex asked.

Eva shook her head, turning to walk away.

"You're not going anywhere, Eva. I want to see those grandbabies that have been kept from me."

"For fuck's sake, Dad, you're not being fair. Shit went down, but that's no need to leave men here to take care of me."

"No one hurts my girl, Eva. You've got to understand that. I for one am not happy with what went down with this fucker, Gonzalez."

The three fighters were standing there, not making a sound. Alex stared at each one, recognizing them. They were fierce bastards, hard as rock. He'd put money on them winning and earned a killing back for it. One was known as Jimmy, who could take a man down with one punch. The other, Pat, no one gave him shit about his name as he was a mean motherfucker who wasn't afraid to use his teeth. The last one was Black. No one knew his real name. His eyes were that dark they appeared almost black. He didn't speak to anyone. Just glancing over at him gave Alex the chills.

"What's with the fighters?" Alex moved behind the bar pouring himself a generous shot of whiskey. After the meeting with Cheryl, he needed something strong.

"They're here to protect my girl."

"You think a bunch of fighters would have stopped Gonzalez?"

"It would have stopped my girl getting hurt."

Alex pointed across the room toward Baker. "He's the one who stopped Eva getting hurt. We've got the protection covered."

"You need to step down, Tiny. You've not got what it takes to take on the world."

"Dad!"

"What about you, old man? You've got a few years on me. Are you going to be stepping down from your fighters?"

"My boys don't get into trouble. You, however, can't keep anyone in fucking check."

Tiny stepped closer, about to raise his fist.

"Stop!" Eva screamed the word. The high pitch made Alex cover his ears. "Daddy, I thought this visit was to see me and the kids. Not to bring men here to leave. This is not how it works. You know this. I don't want men I don't know hanging around my house. It's bad enough getting a life as it is. I don't want your men here." She circled her arm through Tiny's. "He takes care of me. He loves me, Dad."

"No, he almost got you killed."

"I'm still here. I'm still alive to tell all kinds of tales. Please, don't do this."

Alex didn't know why he bothered coming. The only person who could talk Ned down was his little girl.

"This isn't over," Ned said, pointing a finger at Tiny.

"Stop with your fucking threats. They get old real fucking fast."

Alex watched as Eva rolled her eyes. "You can't do it, can you?" She released Tiny's arm. "You're my husband, and you're my dad. I love you both. For once can you just try and get along?"

She turned and walked away, leaving two men looking a little sheepish.

"That was your fault."

"We need to talk about Butch," Alex said, interrupting their talk. He wasn't interested in listening to them bicker about whose fault it was or not. There were far more interesting things going on in the world than that. He couldn't let anything happen to his son. If supporting Butch back into the club was what kept his son close to him, he'd do it.

"What?" Tiny asked, turning back to face him.

"Butch made a mistake. You can't risk losing him. He was loyal to the club for so long. I can't agree with the decision to lose him."

"Since when have you been about team Butch?" Lash asked.

"We'll lose Whizz in the process. Both of them are great members, loyal members." He'd not really thought about what to say in defense of Whizz.

"We're going to take a vote on it when Whizz gets back. The fucker took off because this bastard had come to town." Tiny glared at Ned. "I can't believe you brought your fighters with you. Fucking prick."

"Go ahead, Tiny, make your threats. I may be old, but I can still shoot a fucking gun."

The threats went on but neither man acting on them. Eva had them both gripped by the balls.

Chapter Twelve

Whizz parked up outside of the clubhouse late the following afternoon. He didn't want his time with Lacey to end, but from the three men he didn't recognize standing outside, it was a good time to be back.

Lacey climbed off the back of the bike, handing him the helmet he'd given her to wear.

"They're probably Ned's fighters. He's got a thing where he doesn't like Eva to be put in danger."

"It's a bit late with her dating a biker."

"Ned was never normal."

He pocketed his keys, grabbing Lacey's hand and making his way toward the noise. Eva was screaming at Tiny and Ned as they fought in the center of the room.

"Why are Ned's fighters outside?" Lacey asked.

Even he didn't know why the fighters were outside. He saw Nash and Lash standing at the bar looking pissed off.

"What's going on?" Whizz asked, putting Lacey in front of him in the seat. He stood behind her so that she'd be protected from the mess.

"They're fighting to prove they're not old. Ned sent his fighters out as Tiny challenged him. They're being fucking ridiculous," Lash said.

"You were acting like an immature bastard not long ago because you don't want to be taking over. Now you're complaining about them acting like it."

"It's fucking different. Tiny should know better. This is not solving problems like Butch."

Whizz tensed. "What about Butch?" He massaged Lacey's shoulders feeling her tense up in front of him.

"Alex shouted for Butch to be let back in. I don't know if it's right," Lash said.

"I'll give Butch a third chance. I know why he left the first time. It can be scary taking on a woman in the club. Look what has happened to all the women. They've all suffered at some point. I think it makes sense to give him a chance," Nash said. "I was given that same chance to be let back in. Personally, I think Alex has had too much of a say in the club. I agree with Devil about that. Alex's is not a real biker, not in the heart of it."

Whizz locked his fingers inside Lacey's.

"Is it true you'll walk if Butch doesn't get voted back in?" Lash asked.

"Shit, I don't know. When you say it like that it sounds so damn bad. It is damn bad. We're a family. Don't you think we've lost enough with Gonzalez, man? Butch fucked up, and it cost us. We've all done shit, including your brother. Butch helped us deal with the Savage Brothers." He leaned down and kissed her head, trying to show her the love he felt for her. "We're not going to let anything like that happen again."

A gun went off, and curses filled the air. Whizz covered Lacey's body, protecting her from any damage. Glancing behind him he saw Eva aiming the gun at the far wall. Outside was clear as it led to the yard.

Most of the brothers had hit the deck, prepared to fire. Several guns were aimed at her as she raised the weapon.

"Now, I don't give a fuck how old either of you are. You're behaving like goddamn babies. You're supposed to be grown-ass men, not assholes. Daddy, when your visit is over you're going back to Vegas and you're taking your three fighters with you." She held her finger up to stop Ned from interrupting. "Tiny, you're going to treat my father with some respect while he's here. I don't care what shit is going on in your head. He's my dad, and you're both fucking old. I will not have you fighting anymore in my club, and this is part of my club. Tiny, you didn't get me to sign a pre-nup, so half of your shit is mine. Deal with your problems, but stop fucking fighting. Miles and Tabitha deserve better from the both of you."

She dropped the gun and walked outside. The mother of The Skulls had spoken, and now they all had to be on their best behavior.

"You better hope that Angel can live up to that. Otherwise, everyone is going to walk all over her," Nash said.

Whizz was thinking the exact same thing. Angel really needed to pick up her game if she was going to support the club and Lash. He wondered if she could handle it.

"I'm going to go and talk with Eva," Lacey said, climbing out from the chair. He gripped her hand and pulled her close.

"Don't go too far. I'll take you to see Butch when you're ready." He dropped a kiss to her lips, wanting to do a hell of a lot more to her than that.

Her cheeks were a lovely shade of red by the time he was finished.

Whizz watched her disappear outside and turned back to look at Lash and Nash.

"What?" he asked. The two brothers were staring at him as if he'd grown a third head or something.

"You look happy."

"Lacey makes me happy. She completes me." He smiled thinking about the last day they'd just spent together at the beach away from the club and the mess it entailed. "I asked her to marry me," Whizz said, smiling.

"I'd say she agreed to marry you?" Lash asked.

Tiny moved up toward the bar with Ned in tow.

"Yeah, she agreed to marry me."

"You're going to marry the Savage Brothers' woman?" Tiny asked.

"Why wouldn't I?"

"You kept her locked in your room for a long enough time." Tiny grabbed a cloth, pouring ice into the center and wrapping it around. He handed the cloth to Ned.

"You kept a woman locked in your room and she still agreed to marry you? Girl's got guts."

"She's not a girl," Whizz said, annoyed with them invading his good news.

"Your girl's younger than me. Believe me, son, you get to an age where all women are girls," Ned said.

"I like Lacey," Sophia said, coming to wrap her arms around Nash's neck. Rachel was sat on her dad's lap, getting a cuddle. They looked like one happy family.

"You've barely spent any time with her," Nash said.

"I don't have to. She's a lovely woman. I can see it. She's just never had the chance to flourish before. I thought you'd understand what she's going through," Sophia said, glaring at Nash. "You almost lost your space within the club. It can't be easy going through life losing people around you. She's lost a lot."

The men were silent as they took in what Sophia had to say. She wasn't talking shit, and Whizz liked that about her.

"I've been on this earth a long time-"

"Don't I fucking know it," Tiny said.

Ned glared at him. "I've been on this earth a long fucking time, and there are women you fuck and forget. They're a dime a dozen. They come and go. There's nothing wrong with them. They're just not the kind of women you keep. Then there are women you don't just fuck, you take care of them. They come into our lives sparingly. You'll be surprised by the impact they have. They're the Evas, the Angels, the Sophias of this world. Your Lacey, she's a keeper. You took out her club, but she's still by your side. I saw the way she looked at you before she walked out of the room. She's in love with you, and if she's agreed to marry you, then you take her and you keep her because a girl like that doesn't come around often. You've got demons in your eyes, boy. Lacey, she'll take those demons away for you. She'll give you purpose where you don't think any is." Ned lifted his glass. "Take my advice and marry her."

They were silent as Ned swallowed down his drink.

"Why can't you ever talk like that?" Sophia asked.

Nash glared at Ned while the older man just laughed. "I tell you, these lips have made many a woman moist."

Whizz started laughing. He couldn't help it. This was what the club meant to him, what he needed in his life. He could give Lacey this without a problem.

****

Lacey walked out of the clubhouse moving past the three fighters who were talking to each other. She moved across the compound toward Eva who was talking with Tate.

"You fired the gun?" Tate asked.

"I had no choice. They were behaving like assholes. I couldn't believe they were fighting. I swear they don't realize they're men not children." Eva shook her head.

"Hey," Lacey said, speaking up.

"Hey, Lacey, you're finally venturing out without your twin?" Tate asked.

"Huh?"

"Your twin. Whizz has been attached to your side like a fucking twin. I was starting to wonder what you looked like standing on your own."

"Don't mind Tate. She's pregnant and has a problem with everything."

"I don't have a problem. People piss me off, especially stupid men. Dad was being an ass," Tate said.

"Dad's an ass," Tabitha said, crawling onto the swing beside Tate.

"What have I told you about calling him that?" Eva asked, folding her arms.

"Tate said."

Eva shook her head. "You're a bad influence."

"You allow her to stay at the club. You're the bad influence."

Simon and Miles were playing in the sand pit. It was still warm, but Lacey felt the chill in the air. It wouldn't be long until fall was upon them, then winter.

"Take a seat," Tate said, offering the swing on the other side of her. "I don't know if I want to take the seat. Does it come with a condition of death?"

"Of course it doesn't. I just want to know everything you and Whizz have been up to. Everyone keeps a wide berth of me just lately."

"Because you're a bitch," Eva said, glaring at Tate.

Tate blew a raspberry.

"Whizz asked me to marry him."

Both women turned to look at her.

"He did?"

"Yeah, he wants to get married." The more she thought about it the more she liked the idea of being his woman.

"Congratulations. Are you sure it's what you want?" Eva asked. "This doesn't have anything to do with you or your past. You take on a Skull, you take on the club and its women. You become part of the family. No one will accept you trying to pull Whizz away or to give him ultimatums."

"You're warning me?"

"No, we're advising you," Tate said. "Eva's right. This is not a case of the club being for the men. In recent years we've had no choice but to become involved. Their enemies will not keep us out of the mess. It means you'll be at risk of being hurt, shot, stabbed, beaten, killed. You name it, you'll experience it."

"Angel was shot a year ago, three times. She stood in front of the gun so that Zero wasn't killed," Eva said.

"I've been beaten, put in a coma, and almost died for the club. I love Murphy, but I would trade in the occasional pain I seem to suffer because of the club."

"It seems strange you're warning me against the club."

"It's not about the club, Lacey. This is the life. You've got to accept the life or not." The final words came from Eva.

Sitting on the seat of the swing, Lacey didn't have to think about her answer. "I love Whizz. The club is part of him, and he's part of the club. I won't take him away. I won't even make him choose. I love him and if being part of the club and being put at risk is what I have to do, then I'll do it. I'll do it for him." She smiled as she said the words.

"There we go," Eva said, hugging her close. "We're going to need to get everything ready for a wedding. There's so much to do and so much to look forward to."

Before Lacey could stop them, Eva and Tate rounded up the kids and started toward the clubhouse. Lacey followed them, wondering what she'd just set in motion.

Eva entered the clubhouse and started herding the kids toward the back.

"Where are you going?" Tiny asked.

"I've got a wedding to organize. Whizz and Lacey want a wedding, we're going to give them one."

Whizz moved away from the bar toward her. "You've been talking?"

"No, I've been asking their advice."

He wrapped his arms around her waist, holding her close.

"I love you," he said.

Each time he said those amazing three words, she felt like she was going to melt to the spot. Whizz held the power to do that to her.

"Can we go and see Butch?" she asked, wanting to apologize to the man she'd almost ruined.

"Sure."

She didn't listen as Whizz turned to talk to the other men.

"Hold on, I'll come with you," Lash and Nash both said.

"I'll come." That came from Sophia.

Angel walked through the door with Gash behind her.

"What's going on?" she asked.

"We're going to see Butch in the hospital. You want to come?" Lash asked, holding her close.

"What about Anthony?"

"Eva's got him. She's arranging a wedding. Whizz's wedding to Lacey," Lash said.

The kind woman turned to smile at Lacey. "I'm so pleased for you. I'll come and see Butch."

They were all out in the parking lot, climbing onto the back of the men's bikes. This was what Lacey loved, feeling part of it all with the rest of the women.

She put the helmet on, and she noticed all the men gave their women a helmet. The men didn't ride with one, but the women didn't have a choice.

Wrapping her arms around Whizz's waist, she closed her eyes enjoying the feel of being on the back of his bike.

The time passed slowly, and only when she brought his bike to a stop did she open her eyes. It was still light outside. It wasn't past four yet. She followed Whizz into the hospital aware of the women looking at The Skulls.

Lacey stood beside Whizz as Sophia and Angel took their places beside their men.

"I hate it when that happens," Sophia said.

"When what happens?" Nash asked.

Sophia slapped her man's arm. "You know exactly what I'm talking about, mister. God, what do women see in you? I don't have a clue what they see in you."

Nash started to laugh. "I'm a right catch."

"No, you can be a right asshole, that's true."

Lash and Angel were laughing.

Whizz smiled down at her, and she had no choice but to smile back up at him. "You ever cheat on me, Whizz, I'll cut your balls off and feed them to you."

Everyone in the cart laughed.

"Baby, there's no one else I want more than you." He kissed her head, grabbing her hand as they the elevator stopped. They walked down a long corridor until they came to a stop. Inside the room she saw Butch laid on the bed. Michael was lying beside him while Butch read him a story. Cheryl was sat on the other side, laughing. The three made for a striking family.

Whizz cleared his throat, catching their attention. Cheryl stood, grabbing her jacket from the back of the chair.

"Hey, brother," Whizz said. "I've brought you some visitors."

"I'm sorry, but he can only have limited visitors," the nurse said, blushing as they turned toward her.

"Felicity," Nash said. "The club's opening back up soon. You'll be able to come and have a few drinks. We've got a couple of new prospects for you to try out."

Her face went beet red. "I'll let it slide this once."

The nurse walked away looking mightily embarrassed.

"Why did you do that?" Sophia asked, hitting him in the side. "You know she hasn't been with anyone at the club. She came with a friend."

"I don't care. It got us what we wanted."

"There was no need to be cruel about it," Angel said. "I felt sorry for her."

"You feel sorry for everyone, babe," Lash said.

"Felicity has been good to me," Butch said, drawing their attention back to the bed. Lacey stared at him. She couldn't look away from the bandage across his throat. Her club had done that to him.

"Good, I'll put in a good word at the club."

"She's not interested in the club. I believe she's a friend of Sandy's," Butch said.

"How have you been?" Lash asked, getting all serious.

"I've been fine. I've had this guy to keep me company." Butch ruffled Michael's head.

Michael smiled. Yearning hit Lacey square in the gut, combined with guilt. Butch had almost died because of her club.

She stayed back as the others talked with Butch. Lacey noticed Cheryl held onto her jacket like a lifeline.

"We're going to be taking a vote," Whizz said.

"A vote?"

"Yeah, on you coming back to the club."

"You better let me know how that works out." Butch smiled.

"I don't suppose I could talk with Butch alone, could I?" Lacey asked, looking at all of them.

"I don't want you to," Cheryl said, looking startled by the thought of Lacey being alone with Butch.

"I won't hurt you. I promise. I only want to talk with you."

"Come on, Cheryl. I think Michael could use some chocolate milk and a cookie." Whizz took control, leading everyone out of the room. Lacey was thankful none of them put up much of a fight for her to sit with Butch. Cheryl was the last to leave, kissing Butch's head.

"She's worried about me," Butch said, turning toward her.

"For good reason, Butch. You put yourself in a lot of danger." She stared at the bandage at his neck.

"I'll survive."

"I'm not talking about the shooting. You put yourself at risk by helping us. I needed you to know that I tried to get Danny and Dalton not to go that day."

"There's nothing you could have done to stop what happened. I shouldn't have felt some fucking obligation to helping the club. It was a stupid and idiot thing to do." Butch sat up in bed. "Is that why you came to talk to me today? To relieve your guilt?"

She shook her head. "I'm going to be marrying Whizz. I'm in love with him. I wanted to see you because I owed you that."

"You don't owe me, Lacey. I didn't owe you or the Savage Brothers anything. I thought I did, and now I'm paying the price for it."

"Whizz is working on you getting back with the club." She took the seat where Cheryl had been sitting beside the bed.

"It'll never be the same," he said.

"But you won't be out."

"Why are you doing this?" he asked.

"Why am I doing what? Being nice?"

"Yeah. We're not the same, Lacey. We never have been. I don't know why I fucked up like I did, but we're not friends."

She licked her dry lips. "I know we're not friends, far from it in fact. I get that you hate me. I even know why you do, but we're not completely different. You're all I have from the past. I know you hate me, and I accept that. I hope in time I can prove to you I didn't mean anything by what happened. I hope we can be friends."

Lacey sat back, playing with her fingers in front of her.

Silence descended on them. She wouldn't break it. This was up to Butch to make the final decision on how their friendship would go.

"I'm sorry about Dalton."

She smiled. "Don't be. You didn't know him, not really."

"Danny fucking shot me, the bastard."

"Yep, he was an asshole all of his life, and he proved it in death."

This was a start. It wasn't much, but it was a start.

****

Whizz held back to talk with Cheryl. "You bought a gun to the hospital?"

"I didn't know who was going to come after him or what I was going to have to do in order to protect him." Cheryl turned to look at him. "I'll do whatever it takes to protect my family. Michael and Butch, they're my family. If The Skulls accept Butch back, I'll extend that."

"Did you go and see Alex?"

"I went and saw him, and I spoke to him.

"And?"

"I had to threaten to take Michael away before he'd listen."

"He listened. Alex stood up for Butch. We're going to take a vote on letting Butch back in. I don't know how it'll go down, but I think it could go in our favor."

She nodded. "I really want to thank you for helping us. I mean that. Without you I doubt anyone would have come to see him."

Whizz nodded, climbing on the elevator that Lash and the others had held. After they got a cup of coffee, they all went back upstairs to have some fun with Butch. It was nice finally getting back into the swing of the club.

Chapter Thirteen

Days passed, and those days turned into weeks. Whizz started looking for houses while Lacey started to become part of the club. The women accepted her into the fold, and after a few days, the men were used to having her around. Ned Walker, after a tense visit, finally went back to Vegas, taking his fighters with him. He did, however, warn them all he'd be back for the wedding. Whizz didn't know if he wanted Ned at his wedding. The old man seemed to be able to melt women's knickers right off their bodies. He didn't want that kind of competition.

"You can't be serious?" Lacey asked, one night pulling the blanket down on the bed.

He sat at the computer checking out the latest investments in the companies he'd been watching. The Skulls had made back a lot of money they'd lost because of Gonzalez. They were stronger than ever. The town was also thriving once again. The people were still a little hesitant around them. It had been a month and a half since the incident in the town hall. He liked the way his life had gotten back to normal.

The dreams had slowly started to fade, but he couldn't help but be nervous in case a nightmare gripped him. Eva, Lacey, and all the women were organizing their wedding. He saw the diamond he got her glinting on her finger. Whizz loved seeing his claim on her, and didn't ever want to see her take it off.

"I'm deadly serious. I don't want Ned Walker at our wedding."

"I'm inviting him. He's a charming man. Besides, he's Eva's father. Are you worried you can't compete with him?" She raised a brow, daring him.

"You're a little minx, you know that."

She squealed as he grabbed her around the waist pulling her close. Lacey was on her knees on the bed, smiling up at him. "You know what I'd love more than anything else?" she asked.

"No, tell me."

Her fingers glided down his chest to rest on the belt keeping his jeans up. Whizz didn't say anything as she started to tug on his belt. "I want you, Whizz. I need you inside me."

"You were on your period last week." Whizz wasn't used to having to deal with women and their monthly problems. When he tried to fuck her, she'd slapped his hands away refusing to let him get near her. At first he'd been hurt, but then finding out she was in pain, he'd spent the rest of the day making it up to her. He'd asked Angel to cook her food. He had taken the time to rub her stomach, giving her all the love she deserved.

"And now I'm not. I want to make it up to you for being such a gentleman last week." She gave him a wicked grin. He was going to be getting some major loving.

"Then show me your appreciation for all my hard work."

Lacey started to move him away from her. She climbed off the edge of the bed and stood before him. Her lips were on his, licking a path until he opened up, letting her get as close to him as possible.

"I want you, Whizz," she said, moaning.

"Then you can have me. You can have all of me, Lacey." He sank his fingers into her hair, holding onto the length. Whizz tilted her head back, dropping a kiss to her lips. "All you've got to do is ask nicely."

"I want you, Whizz. I want you inside me." She went to her knees before him, taking down the jeans as she went. His cock sprang forward, pointing toward her lips.

"You want me, baby?"

"Yes, I want you. I need you, Whizz."

"Good, you're going to have all of me. Open those lips, Lacey. Suck me." He watched as she opened her mouth, taking the tip of his cock within her. Whizz groaned, loving the feel of her as well as seeing her take him into her mouth. He tightened his hand into a fist, gripping her hair as he drove deep inside her with a thrust of his hips. "That's it, baby, take me all. Fuck, I love the feel of your mouth." He hit the back of her throat and pulled away. She wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft, moving up to the root. He growled at the sudden pressure of her hand. The touch of her hand on his skin made him want so much more.

He didn't want to come in her mouth. When he finally came he wanted to be so deep inside her that she didn't know where he ended or she began.

"That's enough, baby. Your mouth is so fucking sweet and hot." He tugged on her hair, pulling her to her feet. Whizz slammed his lips down on hers, claiming her for his own. His cock pulsed with each wave of arousal. "I need to be inside you right now."

He turned her around, putting her to her knees before him. Whizz caressed a hand up the length of her back at the same time as he grabbed his cock. He pressed the tip of his cock to her entrance, watching as she accepted him inside her hot little pussy. Returning his grip to her hips, he eased his way inside her, going as deep inside her as he could.

Together they cried out. He pulled out of her until only the tip remained.

"Beg me, Lacey."

"Please, Whizz, I need your cock. Fuck me hard. Make it feel so good."

Slamming inside her, Whizz groaned, massaging the full rounded globes of her ass. He pounded inside her, loving the feel of her tight cunt gripping him.

"Fuck, yeah. You feel so fucking amazing. I want you, baby. I love the feel of your tight little pussy."

He continued to thrust within her depths, going as deep as he could. The sight of his cock disappearing into her pussy was too much for him. He didn't know how much longer he could last.

Sliding one of his hands between her thighs, he stroked her sweet pussy, coating his fingers in her cream. When he moved down from her clit, he felt his cock going in and out of her.

"Please, Whizz. I can't take much more."

Pulling out of her pussy, he knelt down on the bed, lifting her up to suck at her clit. The taste of her pussy exploded on his tongue. He pressed his tongue into her cunt, fucking her like he did with his cock.

"Fuck, it feels so good." She sank her fingers into his hair, panting as he flicked her clit repeatedly. He wanted to hear her scream, cry out his name, and bask in the pleasure he alone was giving her.

"Come for me."

"I can't."

He wasn't going to take no for an answer. Sucking her clit into his mouth, he pushed two fingers inside her pussy, sawing them in and out.

She bucked against him, crying out. Whizz didn't stop until she came all over his tongue. Lacey screamed his name, begging for him to stop and not to continue.

Only when she finished coming down from her peak did he push her further onto the bed.

"I'm going to fuck you now. I'm not going to stop until I'm so deep inside you that you can't think straight."

"Please, Whizz, I can't think straight now. I need you, I want you. Fuck me."

He gripped his cock, pressed the tip to her soaking wet core, and slid home. The copious amounts of her cream made it easy for him to thrust to the hilt inside her. There was no pain within her, only exquisite pleasure.

She wrapped her arms around his body, holding on tight. Whizz plundered inside her, staring into her eyes as he took her to the peak of another orgasm. He swiveled his hips, bumping her clit forcing her over that peak into pleasure, and he followed her into bliss. The groan spilled from his lips as he spilled his cum into her waiting pussy.

He went lightheaded at the absolute pleasure of his orgasm. Collapsing over her, he kissed her ear, whispering words of love.

Afterward, he didn't have the energy to move. Whizz moved far enough so that she wasn't uncomfortable, wrapping her in his arms as sleep finally claimed him.

****

"You're going to tell me what you know," Alan said.

The knife in his hand twisted, and sweat beaded his brow. Staring up into the eyes of the devil, Whizz knew there was no chance of him to survive. If his brothers didn't find him soon, Alan was going to make sure he was a dead man. He wasn't ready to die. There was so much more he wanted to do with his life.

For so long he'd been part of the club, but at thirty-one years old, he'd not even loved. There was no woman out there waiting for him. He was alone in the world.

"Fuck you."

Another fist to his face and Whizz's vision blurred. "You know, Zero was a master at torture. He taught me a few things while I spent what I thought at the time were my last moments in his company."

Zero was responsible for torturing Alan, making him look as fucked up as he did now. Whizz hoped to God he died soon. The last thing he wanted was to look like Alan. Zero had some serious fucking issues as far as he was concerned. The knife stayed twisted in Whizz's hand.

Fuck, it hurt. Everything fucking hurt.

Alan grabbed his face, tugging on his hair, ripping chunks of it out. "Let's see what we can do about that pretty fucking face." He already held another knife in his hand.

Whizz screamed as the blade went to work. "You fucking coward. I'm going to fucking kill you. When I get out of this chair I'm going to fucking destroy you."

****

Whizz jerked awake as someone pulled him. "What the fuck, Whizz?" Lash asked, growling out the words. Killer held him tightly and Whizz looked toward the bed. Lacey was sitting on the end of the bed, grabbing onto her neck.

She looked toward him, and he saw her eyes were bloodshot.

"What the fuck happened?"

The bruises around her neck were all he needed to see. Pulling out of Killer's arms, Whizz didn't care about his nudity. He needed to get away from her, and get out of the room. What the fuck had he done? It had been a good month since he last dreamt about Alan. There was no way he could marry Lacey. He almost fucking killed her.

"Whizz, wait up," Killer said.

"No, I've got to get out of here."

"You can't leave. Lacey's fucking breaking apart in there."

"I just almost killed her."

"But you didn't."

He shook his head. "I can't take that risk."

****

Lacey had woken up the moment Whizz wrapped his fingers around her throat and started to throttle her. She knew he hadn't been himself. In fact, he'd been somewhere else. He'd cut off her air way, and it was only when she started throwing things and Whizz began to shout that he drew attention to their room. If it hadn't been for Killer, Lash, and Steven, she'd be dead.

Kelsey knelt in front of her while Angel put a hand to her shoulder.

She could barely speak. Tears spilled from her eyes. Whizz would be in a hell of a lot of pain right now. There would be no talking him down while he was like this.

"He didn't mean to do it," Killer said.

"I know." She croaked the words out.

Whizz wouldn't hurt her. This was going to be driving him crazy. Watching him storm out of the room, she'd seen the pain along with the guilt reflected in his eyes. He didn't need this, not now.

"I'm going to go to him."

Lacey didn't dispute him. She kept taking deep breaths. The blanket was wrapped around her, hiding her nakedness from the men.

"He didn't mean it."

"It's a risk, Lacey. I've never seen him react like that. Usually, we come in after an attack like that and he goes to sleep with ease," Lash said.

"It's okay." It hurt for her to talk.

Angel touched her chin, tilting her head this way and that.

"You might want to refrain from sleeping with him?"

Lacey didn't want to do that. She loved sleeping beside Whizz, but she knew it was going to take them time to get back to how they were. "I wish I knew what set him off." She touched her neck, wishing there was something she could to relieve the pressure.

"You were fucking lucky," Steven said, stepping forward. Both men were staring at the bruising around her neck. "If I hadn't been walking past I wouldn't have known what was going on."

"Thank you for charging in."

"You need to stop talking, Lacey. It's only going to feel worse if you don't stop," Angel said.

"What the fuck is going on?" Tiny asked, walking into her room. Eva followed close behind, tying the belt of her robe.

"Whizz strangled Lacey in his sleep. Almost fucking killed her."

Tate and Murphy followed behind them. She looked at the other woman, wishing they'd all just disappear. This was the last thing she needed right now.

"Get the fuck out, the lot of you. Lacey's not some fucking bug for you all to peruse under a microscope." Tate took the lead, herding most of the men and women out of the room so only Tate and Angel were left.

"How are you?" Tate asked.

"It hurts. Where's Whizz? I don't want him driving off."

"Stop talking." Tate held her hand up to stop them. "I need to talk to Whizz."

Tate and Angel stared at each other. "Do you think that's a good idea?"

"Yes, I do."

"Lacey, Whizz won't be himself right now," Angel said, touching her hair.

"I need to see him." She stood, keeping the blankets wrapped around her. Lacey grabbed some sweats from the drawer along with one of Whizz's long shirts. The two women kept trying to convince her that she shouldn't go to him. She listened to neither woman. The only person she wanted to talk to was Whizz.

When she was dressed she turned to face both women.

"Look, I know you're worried, but this is Whizz. He wouldn't hurt me, not intentionally."

They both looked at the bruises decorating her neck. She wouldn't let them keep her away from her own man.

"If this was Murphy or Lash, you'd both want to be with the man you loved. I love Whizz. I want to be with him." She stopped to try to clear her throat. Her voice was croaked because of the pressure of his hands around her neck.

She waited for them to argue. They both stayed silent, and Lacey had her answer. "No one is keeping me from him."

Lacey went toward the door, opening it. Lash was standing outside, waiting for his woman.

"Where's Whizz?"

"He's down at the gym in the basement. Killer's with him, and believe me, you don't want to see him."

"I need to see him." She made to move away, but Lash stopped her by gripping her arm. Instinct forced her to pull away from him. "Do not touch me."

"I didn't mean anything by it. Go and sort out our boy."

She nodded, making her way downstairs.

No one stopped her on the way down to the basement. She found Whizz pounding on a punching bag that Killer was holding. The split lip Killer was sporting also let her know that Whizz had attacked the other man.

"Man, you've got to stop." Killer had already clocked her.

Lacey stayed silent as Whizz unleashed hell onto the punching bag.

"No!" He growled out a response. This was not the man she loved. This man was hurting, angry, and so damn broken that it made her heart ache to witness. "I hurt Lacey. I can't stop. I should be fucking shot."

"You didn't mean it."

"It doesn't make it any fucking better, Killer. If Steven hadn't been there-shit, I could be looking at a dead woman by my side." Whizz lowered his fists, shouting the words back at Killer.

"Don't yell," Lacey said. Her voice echoed around the room.

Whizz whirled around to look at her. "You shouldn't be here."

"I've got no choice but to be here," she said. "Get out of here, Killer." She kept her gaze on Whizz.

"He can't leave."

"Why? You're not asleep anymore." She glanced toward Killer and nodded at him. "Go."

Seconds later they were alone in the basement. The sound was eerily quiet. She licked her lips as she pushed away from the wall. Lacey moved to stand in front of the punching bag.

"You need to get the fuck out of here."

"No."

"You shouldn't be around me. I'm a fucking monster."

"You're not a monster." She rounded the punching bag, gripping the edge of the bag. Whizz was unreachable.

"I almost killed you."

"Almost." There was no point in lying. He did almost kill her, but he didn't.

"It's over," he said.

Tears sprang to her eyes. She forced the tears down. There was no way she was going to let him leave her because of one incident.

"It's not."

"Are you fucking crazy or stupid?" he asked.

"I guess if the cap fits I'll wear it."

"I'm not going to do this with you. You could have fucking died because of me." He dropped his face, moving away from her. She released the punching bag, watching him as he made his way toward the weights. Whizz started pumping weights, ignoring her.

"I'm not dead."

"Get the fuck out, Lacey. Get out and get gone."

She took a deep breath. "No."

He glared up at her. "Do you have a fucking death wish?"

"I've not got a death wish, but I'm not going to let you hurt yourself because of what happened." Whizz dropped the weight. The sudden sound made her jump.

"I could have fucking killed you and you couldn't do anything about it." Whizz stepped closer to her, trying to be threatening. She didn't believe him. His anger was not directed at her. Lacey knew he was angry at himself.

She placed a palm on his chest, feeling him flinch yet stay for her to touch him. "You didn't mean to do it."

"How do you know?"

"You were shouting at Alan, Whizz. You weren't shouting at me." She stared at her palm, moving it up to rest against his beating heart. Tears filled her eyes at the joy that consumed her from touching him. "You were dreaming, Whizz. I wasn't there in your dream. You were alone back in that abandoned warehouse where Alan was torturing you."

"You're fucking insane and delusional."

"If you could have killed me, Whizz, you'd have done it already. You can't kill me. You don't want to kill me, and I don't want to leave." She took a deep breath, letting the tears spill. "I can't leave you. I'm in love with you, Whizz."

He cupped her cheek. "You're in danger when you're with me." His hand moved down to her neck, cupping her over the bruises. "I did this." Whizz pulled his hand away as if he'd been bitten by her flesh alone. "No, I'm not going to let you put yourself in danger."

"Tough!" Lacey shoved him hard. His words were causing her a lot more pain than him strangling her in his sleep. "You don't have a choice." She kept shoving him as she yelled back her pain. "You're not getting rid of me."

Whizz gripped her arms. "Stop this. You're going to hurt yourself."

"I don't care. Everything hurts if you leave me, Whizz. I can't let you leave me. I love you too much."

"I'm going to hurt you."

"I don't care." The tears she'd tried to keep at bay fell down her cheeks. "I don't care if you hurt me or what happens. I'd rather risk moments like tonight so I can keep all of those moments in between. Please, Whizz, don't break up with me. I want to be in your life. I love you. Please don't leave me." Throughout the whole of her life she'd never once begged another man to stay with her. She was used to everyone leaving her. There was no way she'd ever let Whizz leave her or be forced away from him. "I can't lose you. I don't want to carry on if you're not going to be with me."

Lacey broke down as the emotion clawed at her from the thought of him pushing her away. She fell to her knees, pressing her hands to her eyes. After so long of keeping everything locked inside, Lacey finally broke, sobbing out her heartache.

Whizz's arms surrounded her seconds later. "I'm not going to leave," he said.

"I love you, Whizz."

He picked her up and settled down on the floor with her in his arms. Stroking her hair, Lacey began to calm down.

"I love you, Lacey. I can't stand the thought of anything happening to you."

"Then don't let anything happen to me. We'll do whatever it takes, Whizz, but I can't lose you." He kissed the top of her head.

"I won't go anywhere, and I won't send you anywhere."

She nodded, listening to his heart beating against her ear.

Chapter Fourteen

Whizz made sure there were cuffs attached to the bed for the future. Having Lacey break down in his arms had torn at a part of his soul. The club brothers were there to help him as they stood in his bedroom the following day.

"Are you sure you're not going all kinky on us?" Steven asked, handing up the cuffs. He secured them around the metal and climbed onto the bed. The women were at the spa while the prospects were looking after the kids.

"I'm not going kinky. You saw what I did to Lacey. I can't sleep in here until I know she's fine." He lay on the bed, securing his hand to the bed.

"Why are we watching this?" Killer asked, looking around the room.

Lash and Nash were chuckling in the corner. Hardy was also in the room. He looked the worse for wear. Rose hadn't been near him in over a month. She wouldn't budge when it came to Tiny. Whizz knew that Hardy asked to see her or at least speak to her. There was nothing any of them could do.

He stayed on his side then started to tug and fight on the bed. When he couldn't move, Whizz was satisfied. Every night Lacey would need to secure him to the bed in order to make sure she was safe.

"You can let me out now," Whizz said, looking at the men.

"You're the sucker who secured your wrist without the key." Lash held the key in his hands.

"Don't be an asshole. Let me out."

"Nah, I think Lacey should be the one to let you out." Lash slapped Nash on the back. "Come on, I got plans for Angel when she gets home."

"I hear you. I've got something planned for Sophia as well." The two brothers made their way out of the room. Hardy stayed in the corner.

"Come on, Hardy, let me out."

"No can do. I've got more problems of my own."

"Like what?"

"Like I just got the details requesting a divorce from Rose. She's divorcing me on grounds of adultery. I've got to talk with Tiny about it." Hardy got to his feet.

"You're just going to let her go?" Whizz asked, concerned for both of his friends.

"No, I'm not going to let Rose get away. She's my fucking woman. I'm the one who fucked up, but I swear, I'm not going to let her get away from me again. I've got to talk with Tiny though. He's the one who's handling everything."

Butch rounded the corner, looking into the room. They'd voted him back into the club on a probationary period. He had to remain within the clubhouse until Ned had a place for him in Vegas. The club had decided that it would be best for the time being if Butch earned his spot back by helping out Ned, who needed a contact for The Skulls close at hand, but Ned didn't want Butch until the New Year when he could set him up in Vegas. Cheryl and Michael also stayed at the clubhouse. Butch, however, didn't get to be part of any major decisions. In truth, he was probably in a worse position than a prospect for the time being, until he proved his loyalty. Whizz was happy to have him as part of the club even if he was going to Vegas. It was nice to see him smiling again, regardless of the deal the club made. Some of the brothers were a little tense around him, which was to be expected after everything that happened. In time, it should work out with Butch being in Vegas. Alex wasn't happy about Michael being far away, but seeing as he'd not quit the casino completely, it worked for him.

"I heard what happened last night," Butch said.

"I fucked up, and this is my punishment from Lash. I don't suppose you'd get the key from him?" Whizz asked.

"I can't. I'm on probation, remember? I've got to be good otherwise I'm gone."

"It's good to have you back, Butch."

The other man nodded. "It's good to be back even though I shouldn't have done what I did. I'll make amends for the way I affected all of you. I'm pleased you're going to marry Lacey."

"When's the big day for you and Cheryl?" Whizz asked. The couple still needed to make their marriage official. They'd not actually gotten married in the town hall when Gonzalez was killed.

"I don't know. Soon, I hope."

Butch left him alone with Killer.

His friend sat down on the chair opposite him, laughing.

"Who would have thought six years ago we were sitting talking about The Lions, and now we're in The Skulls clubhouse with you chained to a bed, about to get married," Killer said.

"You've got a kid of your own. How's Kelsey?"

"She's feeling better, much better. The spa will help her today."

"I don't suppose you'll get me out of here?" Whizz asked.

Killer laughed. "You've got no chance. With your little paddy last night, Lacey deserves to see you punished." Killer suddenly got all serious. "You need her, Whizz."

"I know."

"No, she's been of benefit to getting you back to the way you were. You're not fixed so don't think that I believe you are. You're better when you're around her. Don't push her away because you're scared."

"I won't," Whizz said. "I'm going to marry her."

In time he was going to get a house, and together he and Lacey were going to adopt. He'd give her the children she couldn't have. If she wanted to give him a list of all the things she wanted, he'd go out of his way to give her what she needed.

"I'll see you around." Killer got to his feet, making his way out of the room.

"Great, the bastards have left me alone."

He didn't know how long Lacey was going to be. Lying on the bed doing nothing was bugging him. He didn't know what else to do other than to sit and think about his woman. He loved her with all of his heart and soul. The very thought of losing her filled him with fear. Last night he'd have let her go, but he would have gone out of his way to get to her again. When it came to her, he couldn't let her go. They were connected in more ways than he ever thought it was possible. He loved her completely. She was the other half of him.

The door opened, and there stood his woman. She looked beautiful even with the blue hair dye washing out of her hair.

"Lash stopped me on the way here with this key. He told me to use it wisely." She held the key up for him to see. "Do you know anything about that?"

"It's a compromise," Whizz said, showing her his chained hand. "I'm not going anywhere, but this gives you enough time to wake up and calm me down. It's what you wanted, right?"

She closed the door, moving toward the bed.

Lacey unbound his wrist, smiling. The bruises were painful to see, but Whizz would do everything in his power to be with her.

"I love you, Lacey."

"I love you, too, Whizz." She closed the distance between them. "Do you think we can fuck before dinner?"

He dragged her onto the bed. "If you're good enough we can both get some pleasure."

Whizz claimed her lips, moaning as she responded to him.

Their life wasn't perfect, far from it. Neither of them had a bright past. Both of them were broken, shattered by the events in their life, but together, they were whole. There was no one else Whizz needed, and he'd spend the rest of his life basking in his newfound hold on life, and his woman.

Epilogue

Christmas Eve at the Skulls

December 24th

Alex cheered as Whizz and Lacey kissed. The couple had gotten married on Christmas Eve within the club. He needed to get back home to see Sunshine. Butch and Cheryl had also gotten married, but they'd gotten married a couple of weeks before. Alex had given her away even though he didn't want to, yet he'd done it because Michael asked him to. What a lot of The Skulls didn't realize was Cheryl's ability to manipulate any situation. Ned Walker was also in residence for the seasonal event.

Climbing into his car, Alex took his time to make his way home. Before heading over to the clubhouse he'd done the unthinkable and kissed Sunshine. He'd not given her any explanation as to why he did what he did. He just kissed her, claiming her plump, dark lips for his own.

She probably deserved more of an explanation rather than for him to kiss her.

After he talked with Sunshine he'd go back to the clubhouse to spend Christmas day with them all. Tiny and Eva were throwing all caution to the wind as they delved into the festive season. All the women had been baking for the last two weeks, to hand things out at the church along with the town center. They were making sure the town of Fort Wills was aware of them being sorry and back in control.

Parking his car, Alex saw the sitting room was aglow with light.

Entering the house, he shouted out Sunshine's name. He entered the house, and paused when he saw Sunshine lying on her stomach. Blood pooled around her stomach, and tears were falling from her eyes.

"Sunshine," he said, going to his knees in front of her. He pulled out his cell phone about to dial for an ambulance when the phone was slammed out of his hand. Someone punched him across the face making him fall away from Sunshine. She was still breathing but barely.

"You really thought you could hide from us, fucker?" Alex didn't recognize the voice as a kick landed to his gut.

He rolled away, trying to get to his feet.

Suddenly, he was left alone as footsteps entered the room.

Alex looked up at Preston Cooper.

"Hello, Alexander." Preston crouched down until he was close to Alex. "It has been a long time. A very long time."

"What the fuck are you doing here?" Alex asked, staring at his past.

Preston smiled. "Imagine my surprise when I heard you'd moved on from the casino to Fort Wills, Alex. We were friends. You owe me, and I've come to collect."

"I told you it was an accident what happened to your sister-"

The other man gripped his jaw, hard. "I don't want to hear it, Alex. A life for a fucking life. You promised me the life of the man who killed my sister. Imagine my surprise at discovering that very man was you?"

So many mistakes were catching up to him. "How did you find out?"

"You were gone from the city. Cops like to talk when you're gone. You should learn that."

Preston shook his fingers at the man behind him. "Give me the gun."

Alex knelt on the floor as he stared at his past. The past that he'd long forgotten about with Tiny and The Skulls at his back. He should have known Preston would come for him. What had happened with Preston's sister, Elizabeth, wasn't his fault, but he had to pay the price.

"You won't get away with this," Alex said.

The gun went off, and pain exploded in Alex's abdomen. It wasn't an instant killer shot, but in time, he'd lose too much blood.

"I think it's only fair you get to watch your woman die, Alex. You can't do anything to protect her just like I couldn't."

Seconds later Preston and his crew left his home. Alex crawled across the floor, smearing blood in his wake to try to get to Sunshine. She was shaking, and he was losing too much blood. He could barely move, and he grabbed his cell phone.

Alex put a call through to Tiny.

There was no answer. After the third call, Alex started to give up hope. When he phoned the emergency, Alex had lost all focus. He was bleeding faster than ever before.

"I'm sorry," he said, talking to Sunshine.

He'd really thought he could run away from his past. With everything going on around them, he should have known there was no running away from the past. Sooner or later, it was going to catch up to you.

The End

