Chapter One

Victoria gasped as the steel chain wrapped around her neck, getting tighter with each tug her alpha made. Chain, her alpha, laughed maliciously. She clawed at her neck hoping he would loosen it. Nothing changed. Slowly, he strangled her, all the time staring up and down her na**d body. She despised him and wished she had the power to hurt him.

"Now, are you going to do as I say or are you going to piss me off some more? I'd hate to ruin one of my wolves before I put you to good use." Chain moved closer, touching her body. He had killed her parents and anyone who threatened his alpha status within the pack. Everyone she knew was terrified of him, and there was no one out there to help them. They lived in the mountains far from any other packs of wolves. Chain was the Alpha of their pack known as The Clan. Victoria wished her parents had chosen another pack to put down their roots. They'd been part of The Clan for ten years. At first the pack had welcomed them with open arms. She'd been ten years old and getting closer to her puberty. Mixing with other wolves was vital for all young wolves. Her parents wanted her prepared for the first change. At the ripe age of sixteen she'd undergone her first full-moon where she turned into a red, fluffy wolf. She'd seen her reflection in the river around the back of Chain's property.

In the last few years, Chain had become worse. At first his cruelty had come from words alone as alpha wolves are not allowed to physically harm other wolves. She didn't know how, but Chain had found a way to harm them all without physically touching. His name suited his obsession with steel chains and how he liked to hurt people. She'd watched too many of her pack being tortured for not doing as he asked. Chain never touched any of them except with the bite of the steel.

"Well, answer me, you f**king cunt." He spat in her face, and it took everything inside her not to lash out at him. She'd never been good at keeping her anger under control. Victoria was sure her lack of care toward Chain was what made him aware of her. For a long time she'd tried to stay out of his way not wanting to gain his insane attention. With her parents out of the way, Chain had stepped up his attentions to her. Unfortunately, he wouldn't leave her alone at all.

Every chance she got Victoria tried to stay away from him. Now he was taking matters into his hands. He hated her for defying him. She refused to mate with him. No wolf, especially not an alpha wolf, could force themselves onto a female. Chain's human side was deadly, but the wolf wouldn't let the human hurt another woman sexually.

None of the women had been sexually assaulted by Chain, but the man was inventive and found new ways to hurt them. The men didn't interfere. They were not strong enough to take on the alpha.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked, squeezing the words out through gritted teeth.

He tightened the chain, cutting off her air. Victoria thought she was going to die, and then the pressure around her neck was gone. Chain moved away to pour himself a drink. She watched the expensive whisky bottle tilt, and the scent of spirits filled the air. The alcohol wouldn't help her situation.

Her body was bruised and her lip split. Why couldn't his wolf stop Chain from beating them with the steel?

"What do I want?" he asked, turning to her. "Well, I wanted to f**k you raw but you refuse me, and for some f**king reason I can't get what I want without your f**king consent." He stopped to smile. That one look terrified her. No alpha wolf could touch their women unless they asked or agreed to it. In fact no alpha wolf could lay a single finger on their pack in violence. The way Chain got around it was the fact he never physically touched them. He used a chain or something else to hurt them. No one would stand against him as he was the alpha. Also, he'd sent many men to their deaths without inflicting a single mark on them. Victoria despised him, but he terrified her, and she bowed her head in shame.

Chain reached out, stroking her face. He never lashed out or hurt with his touch. The steel chains did the work for him. She flinched away from his touch, and he retracted, taking a step back. Victoria smelled his arousal and knew his wolf would intervene if anything happened. It was one small mercy that none of them had ever experienced the kind of pain he wanted to inflict.

"I can't have you, so you can do what I want. Scorch, the alpha of the Fire pack, he's threatening me and my alpha status. I want you to seduce him and lure him out so I can stop him from hurting my pack." He took a large gulp of the whiskey.

She smelled a lie on the air, but she didn't have time to analyze it as the chains tightened even more. Choking, Victoria nodded her head, agreeing to do what needed to be done in order to save her pack.

"Why do I need to seduce him? Why can't I poison him or something?" she asked, thinking about what she had to do.

He pulled on the chains once again, cutting off her air supply.

"You want the whole pack to murder you, bitch? You'll do as I say, or I'll f**king find some way to kill you. Seduce Scorch and he'll be weak to you. This is the way I want it to go."

After several minutes, Chain released the steel and caught her in his arms before she fell to the floor. "You better not fail me or you'll join your parents."

Nodding her head, Victoria wanted away from him faster than anything else. Why did she have to suffer like this? What had her parents done to make him kill them?

She didn't have any answers, and all she could do was follow his lead.

He carried her through to the main bathroom. Turning on the shower she was blasted by the cold that soon turned scorching hot.

"Get your f**king asses in here," Chain said, yelling over the running water. She panicked and tried to get away from what was to come. Three female wolves scurried inside and started washing her. "I want my scent washed off her skin but keep the wounds fresh. I need the bastard to feel sorry for her." He crouched down looking in her face. She saw the evil lurking in his eyes. Chain was up to something, but she didn't have the first clue as to what. "You better hope he likes his women on the chunky side or you've lost all of my f**king interest." Chain turned on his heel and left.

The women scrubbed her body removing all scent of Chain and the pack. They opened her wounds, and she screamed out at the pain. When they were done, Victoria was bound in a piece of rope and yanked away from the pack. For the whole night they walked out of the mountains, and when they were several miles away Victoria lay na**d on the ground, shivering as they bound her to the nearest tree.

"We're so sorry to leave you like this," Clarisse said, kissing her cheek.

Tears fell down her face at the tenderness from the other woman.

"Stay out of his way. Don't allow him the chance to hurt you, please," Victoria said. All she cared about was the protection of the people in her pack.

"I will. Take care and stay safe." The three women scurried off leaving her to listen to the sounds of the night. Being a wolf gave her excellent hearing. She was able to hear danger coming miles away.

You can do this.

He doesn't deserve your help.

The thought of defying Chain filled her with pleasure, but then the fear gripped her heart, flooding her body in panic. There was no way she could stop and tell the other alpha. Her only option was to lure the alpha out in the hope of being free from Chain and his all over domination.

Victoria didn't know who Scorch was or what kind of leader he was to his pack. He was her mission, and she would lure him out for Chain.

Once her deed was done, she was getting the hell out of there while Chain was killing him. It was violent and against everything she believed in, but it was all she had to keep her head together.

****

Scorch, the alpha of the Fire pack, moaned as the woman took his c**k into her mouth. Lidia was so f**king sweet yet a f**king slut in the bedroom. She didn't want to be part of any pack and only took her time with him in the bedroom. He failed to care about being used for sex. The last thing he wanted to do was use any of the females within his pack, especially when they expected him to take a mate. None of the women kept his attention. Lidia didn't mean anything to him beside a good f**k and willing body.

"You like that, baby?" she asked, licking down his vein. He stayed silent, watching her take him back into her mouth until he hit the back of her throat. Up she went, circling the tip swallowing down his pr**cum. Scorch sank his fingers into her hair, and he growled out as his release started to take hold of him. Once she swallowed all of his cum, he gripped her hair, yanking her off his shaft.

He was still rock hard. Pressing her to the bed, he ploughed into her cunt, taking her hard. Lidia cried out. Her pleasure rang out around the room. He watched her full tits bounce with each thrust. Even as he f**ked her hard, Scorch couldn't help but be a little bored. Lidia turned him on, but anything else failed to hit the mark. She was beautiful, independent, and a good lay, yet he couldn't bring himself to think of anything more when it came to her. Lidia didn't inspire anything inside him. There was no way he wanted to mate or have children with her.

Pounding away inside her, he felt his second orgasm start to build. Running his hand down her body, he caressed her clit. She splintered apart, and Scorch joined her, grunting out his cl**ax within her body. No child would come from their f**king. Wolves didn't contract illnesses and were not susceptible to sexual diseases. He scented her cycle and knew it was also at a good time for sex without consequences.

Afterward, he pulled away, sitting against the bed as he looked over his room. He lived near the snowy mountains that were always cold all year around. Scorch preferred to be near the cold. If he needed the warmth he journeyed down to the rest of society for a month or two.

"Wow, I swear you getting f**king better every time we meet," Lidia said, reaching for her cigarettes. He hated her smoking and refused to touch her if she had a smoke before sex.

Wrinkling his nose, he stood, heading to the stand that held his finest brandy. His family had all been in this bedroom before him. Each room within the old grounds held a great deal of history.

"Wish you wouldn't f**king smoke," he said, taking a large gulp of the dark liquid. He couldn't get drunk no matter how much he drank. His wolf wouldn't allow him the lack of control. Scorch was one with his large, black wolf and couldn't find an argument for keeping in control.

"Baby, we've just f**ked, and now I need a smoke. Don't start, or you'll give me a motherfucking headache."

For an educated lawyer, Lidia had a foul mouth.

"You're in my house, my pack, and you'll show me respect otherwise you can get your ass out of here," he said.

"I know." She blew out some smoke, crossing her legs.

Her body was fine, in the peak of health, yet he found himself no longer caring for another round. Staring out of the window he saw the sun coming up behind the forest trees. The snow glistened in the natural light taking his breath away. All of his life he had grown up seeing the same landscape, and he still hadn't grown bored, not even at the age of forty-six years old.

Lidia moved up behind him, running her hands down to his flaccid cock. "I'm sticking around for the weekend this time. Do you want me to leave, or can I promise not to smoke and stay here with you?" she asked.

Her fingers stirred the arousal in his veins. It had been a month since he'd found pleasure inside her. One month of finding no other release but her.

"You can stay, but you'll do as I ask. Otherwise you leave. I will not have any wolf trying to play the dominant over me. You'll know your place, understood?"

"I understand. You're the big bad wolf, and I'm merely your servant."

Scorch chuckled. There was nothing else for him to do. She'd be gone by Monday, and he'd have to find some other way of spending his time. Staring at his reflection he saw his blue eyes staring back at him.

"How are things in the big city?" he asked, spinning around to look at her. She smiled up at him, wrapping her arms around his body.

"It's a hell of a lot warmer there. I had to leave my car back at the lodge over fifty miles back and run all this way. Do you have any idea how annoying it is carrying a case in my mouth?" she asked.

"I've offered to bring you here, but you declined everything I suggested. I would gladly drive down, collect you, and take you back." He didn't understand why she constantly refused him.

"You'd do that for any member of your pack. I'm not just any member, Scorch. We're f**k buddies, and I've got a life outside of this world."

Staring at her, Scorch knew they were not exclusive. She always smelled of many men before she had a shower.

"Do you have someone waiting for you?" he asked.

"Not at the lodge but back home I do."

"He's insane to let you go wandering off." Scorch moved away from her to pick up their discarded clothes. He wasn't jealous, only curious.

"He's human. They're not as protective as our kind, and they don't like to do anything too rough."

Laughing, Scorch turned back to the woman. "So I'm useful for hard, rough sex. It's a pleasure to know." He would never understand the human race. Once he claimed a woman for his own there was no way he'd let her out of his sight for any length of time. His main desire was to find a woman who could take all of his attention and focus.

"Don't be like that, Scorch."

"I'm not being like anything. We're talking."

"You're not jealous of him?" she asked, stepping closer.

The scent of nicotine coated her skin making him feel sick. "Lidia, never forget that this is not going to be more than f**king. I want nothing to do with you other than the pleasure of your body and the stimulation of your mind." He held her hands, dropping a kiss to them. If she wanted more from him then she was sadly mistaken.

Her mouth opened to speak, but a loud banging sounded on his door.

"Alpha, we need you," David said, his second-in-command and friend.

Frowning, he headed to the door ignoring Lidia's annoyance. Opening the door he didn't care about his nakedness.

"What is it?" he asked.

"There's a woman out in the woods. It's a horrible sight, but we can't approach without you. These are your woods. She's not of our pack."

Already reaching for his pants, Scorch slipped them on as Lidia huffed around the room. Scorch had made sure none of his pack took the risk in approaching another wolf in such a situation. He wouldn't let any of his men die when he was the strongest of all of them. "We were talking. You can't tell me something is more f**king important than me." Her voice rose grating on his nerves.

"Pack business is always more important than you, Lidia. You're merely a f**k." He slammed the door closed following David as the other man ran down the stairs. Scorch passed men and women on the stairwell heading out into the bitter cold morning.

"What do you know?" Scorch asked.

"One of the women was out for a walk with her dog, stumbled on a smell that terrified her, and she came running back home to tell us." David took the lead explaining everything he knew before stopping on the edge of the forest. The sun illuminated everything, so Scorch didn't have to fight to see in the dark. The fresh air felt amazing in his lungs, and he took a deep breath. That's when he caught the scent of fear. The smell made him heave, and he bent over at the same time as David did.

"It's getting worse. She's scared, whoever she is," David said.

"I want you to stay back." The alpha inside him was clawing its way against the surface wanting to get closer to the person in need of help. There was a female out there who needed his help. Pushing David aside he barked orders for everyone to be prepared for the worst. He headed out sniffing the air. Giving up was not an option for him at all.

Turning left, then right, breathing in the bitter scent, he followed on until he heard the faintest whisper of a whimper. All of his senses went on high alert at the sound alone. The blood pumped wildly in his veins as the need to help this mystery woman flooded deep inside him.

Closing his eyes, he took one final inhale, and then he knew where she was. Walking, filled with the need to get to her, he moved in the direction of the noise. Five minutes later he found the woman, and something heated the pumping blood in his veins. She was tied to a tree and curled in a ball. Her body was shivering from the cold. The cuts along her body made him hurt for her.

Dropping to his knees, he reached out to touch her, but she flinched away from him.

"I'm not going to hurt you. I promise, you're safe here."

He didn't know how anyone could hurt another woman. Scorch respected his position as the alpha of his Fire pack. Nothing would make him hurt one of his own or any wolf.

"Please, don't hurt me," she said.

Her voice forced him to jerk back. The tones, even layered with fear, touched him deeply. It was like his heart expanded in his chest, and all he could think about was taking care of her and tearing the people responsible limb from f**king limb.

Untying the rope he cursed every single man and beast for the pain they could cause others.

Chapter Two

Victoria felt the man untying her rope. She wanted to tell him to stop, to leave her outside in the freezing cold for dead. Instead, she couldn't find the words to stop him from helping her. His scent comforted her, surrounding her with his warmth. Her hands were still bound together in front of her body, stopping her from lashing out. She didn't want him to help her. Chain wanted her to hurt this man who smelled of everything good and warm.

"Don't cry, honey. I'll get you out of here." He untied her wrists. All of her energy poured out of her, and all she could do was slump in his arms. She didn't realize she'd been crying. There was no energy in her body to wipe the tears away. "I'm going to pick you up. Do you give me permission to do this?"

Run away. Leave me to die. I don't deserve any compassion.

"No," she said. Her voice came out croaky from having the chain wrapped around her neck.

He lifted her up, settling her against his body. She gasped, trying not to cry out at the brutal pain exploding within her body.

"You don't have anything to worry about. I will make sure the people who have done this will pay."

She remained silent as his scent settled her nerves. This man was a good alpha. He smelled like apple pie and cream. It was the strangest feeling in the world to experience with his arms tightening around her.

"My pack will not hurt you. We'll take good care of you."

He took his time taking each step so as not to jostle her body. His touch wasn't intended to hurt her, and yet with every step he took she felt hurt to her core. She had to lure this man to his death, and she didn't know how she could do something so cruel.

"My name's Scorch," he said, talking to her.

Please, don't say anymore. I'm going to be the one responsible for your death.

She couldn't speak any words. It hurt her too much to breathe, let alone tell him she was the reason he would be dying.

"I'm the alpha of the Fire Pack. We're a good group. We live up in the cold, frozen mountains, but we're strong and we can make you feel warm."

Victoria felt warm just by having his arms around her. The sun warmed her skin even as the chill in the air kept her frozen. She felt ... different, reborn almost.

"You'll want for nothing, honey."

He kept talking. His voice soothed her, calming her nerves.

"First we'll take care of all of these cuts and bruises. I don't know if you'll be good for the next full moon to be able to run."

No, she didn't want to think about the full moon or what she had to do to this kind, precious man.

"We're a large pack, but we're fair."

Please stop talking. I'm not here to be taken care of. I'm here to hurt you and your pack.

What did Chain want with this man? Scorch had goodness coming out of every single pore of his body.

She heard the muttering, and seconds later they were surrounded by his pack. Their smell invited her in.

"How is she doing?" one of the males asked.

"She's hurting. Clear a space in the bedroom next to mine," Scorch said. "Get Mandy. She has dealt with wounds like these before. I don't want to take a chance on anything."

He barked orders out, and all the time Victoria felt like she was dying inside. Scorch took her upstairs then through to a bedroom. The room was warm, and he placed her on the center of the bed. "I'm going to drape a blanket over your body. Mandy will be up to tend your wounds." He moved around the room as he talked. In the light she saw the blond glint of his hair. His eyes were a startling blue, and he had to be three times the size of her.

She watched him go about the room, closing windows, shutting curtains to keep the light out. Men entered and left never once looking at her with anything but sympathy. What kind of pack had she stumbled on? All of the men had a say within this pack. Not once had Scorch showed his true colors. Was he trying to put her at ease? Chain at one time had smelled good. His smell had changed along with his attitude. He was evil through and through. Was she hoping Scorch would be different?

Crap. She was starting to get a headache thinking about everything going wrong in her life.

"What the hell are you doing, Scorch?" A woman charged in the room shouting. Victoria saw her hands were laid on her h*ps with a glare decorating her face.

"Fuck off, Lidia," Scorch said. There was no real aggression in his tone.

"I'm here for a weekend, and you're wasting your time on this woman. Leave the pack to deal with her, and now come to f**king bed."

Scorch turned on the woman. "Get out of this room. If you can't handle waiting then get the f**k off my property."

He shoved her out of the bedroom, closing the door behind him. "I'm sorry about that."

Why was he apologizing to her? She was invading his lands and his pack.

Several minutes later there was a knock at the door. A blonde woman entered the room with her head downcast. "I'm sorry to take so long, alpha."

"Mandy, stop bowing your head in my presence. I'm an alpha, not royalty." Scorch held the woman by the shoulders, smiling.

"Sorry, I keep forgetting everything. Dale is grabbing my kit. I hope I have everything I need."

"I'm sure you will."

Victoria had stepped into some alternate universe where the alpha cared about his pack. Another man entered the room, and suddenly she was left alone with Mandy.

"I'm going to remove this sheet from your body." Slowly the other woman went about removing the sheet and assessing her injuries. "You've been hurt bad. Scorch told me your voice is scratchy." She tutted as her fingers touched her neck.

Victoria flinched away from her touch once again. She wasn't afraid, but she didn't want anyone to be hurt by what she was going to do for her alpha.

"It's okay. No one is going to hurt you here."

Mandy went about cleaning every scar that had been reopened. "You'll heal soon. Some food and rest will see you all fixed in body." She washed away all the dirt then caressed ointment into her skin. Tears stung Victoria's eyes at the sweetest care being given to her. This pack was not a threat to Chain at all. None of them smelled evil. They didn't have a plan to take another pack either.

The woman tutted over her and cleaned away each new cut and bruise. "I can't do anything about the bruising I'm afraid. I'll keep an eye on them to make sure there is no long term damage. We're wolves, so we're quite resilient to a lot of stuff." She hummed again, shaking her head. "Whoever did this deserves to die. An alpha wouldn't be able to do this kind of thing. They're bound to always protect. They cannot hurt their pack."

Think again. Chain has discovered a way to hurt me and the whole of our pack.

She kept her lips closed. Chain had a way of knowing when he was defied.

"Were you with a human mate?"

Victoria jerked her head in acknowledgement.

Another tut and a shake of her head. "This disgusts me. I know other male wolves can inflict this kind of damage on other males as they're not bound by their alpha, but for a human mate to do this, it sucks. Your mate wasn't female, was she?"

Victoria shook her head. She wasn't attracted to females.

If she could, Victoria would cry at everything the woman was saying. Chain had found a way to hurt them all without laying a finger on any of them. He'd also made other males in the pack do his killing for him. Male wolves couldn't attack a woman or rape her. Other female wolves could hurt other females while males could hurt other males. The Alpha was bound to look over them all to avoid such conflict. It was a strange dynamic they lived in.

"There. You're all better. Or at least, you're all better for now." Mandy cleaned away the mess, placed the blanket back over her and sat on the bed. "You rest now. Scorch will bring you some food, but I don't want you to move unless you have to. Please, follow my advice, or you'll be in a lot more pain."

Nodding her head, she watched the woman leave. The moment she was alone, Victoria sat up staring down at her body. The wounds hurt, but the ointment the woman used helped her to feel somewhat normal.

Get out. Run away.

She climbed out of the bed and headed toward the window. Staring out over the snow covered mountains she was struck by the beauty of the scenery before her. She had never seen anything so beautiful in all of her life. The glinting snow struck her to the core. It would be a good way to die. Climbing up onto the window ledge, she looked at the rising sun feeling the chill in the air and the heat upon her skin. Once she killed herself, Scorch and the whole of this pack would be safe. Victoria didn't see any other way out. This was her only option. Her fear of Chain was absolute. She would do whatever he asked to stop others feeling the pain he could inflict. If she gave Scorch to him, he'd be happy, and the whole of their pack would find some kind of peace.

****

Scorch entered his room taking a shot of brandy. His hands were shaking while his blood was pumping through his veins. The woman that had just entered his life was different. He sensed something about her that he couldn't put his finger on.

"What? The little bitch doesn't need you by her side?" Lidia said, cursing as she walked into view. She wore a sheer black negligee, one he'd removed from her once before. Wolves never had an issue with nudity. Lidia spent way too much time in the city surrounded by humans. He wore a pair of pants, and they were itching his skin. On the way to his room he'd passed several wolves, male and female, naked.

"You're staying to bitch about a woman in pain?" he asked.

"She's not part of your pack yet you go running to her like she is."

"For a lawyer and an intelligent woman, you could have fooled me about being f**king stupid." He whirled around, glaring at the woman he'd been f**king. Staring at her now he felt sick to his stomach. He smelled her jealousy, and it disgusted him.

"How dare you?"

He laughed. "I dare because it's the truth. This is why you'll never be a queen within a pack, Lidia. You're cruel, selfish, and everything an alpha is not looking for." Scorch looked her up and down, hating everything he saw. "You're a good f**k, but an alpha is bound by kindness and acceptance. We cannot inflict pain on one of our pack. You possess neither of these qualities."

"You bastard," she said, raising her hand. The wolf inside him gripped her arm, stopping her from lashing out. He had no intention of hurting her, and so he held her arm steady.

"Do not start something you will never want to finish."

A knock at the door sounded. Releasing her arm, he stepped away.

"Pack your things and get the f**k out of my pack. You're not welcome here, and if you think you will be, I'll have you escorted off my property."

"You're insane. You're getting rid of me because some little injured bitch is here?"

Going to the door, he ignored all of her jibes. He didn't have the patience to deal with Lidia. She was cruel to the core, and he hated himself for wanting to be with her even a little bit.

Mandy stood waiting for him.

"Any news?" he asked.

"She's hurt real bad. I've cleaned the cuts and put ointment on her. The scars will heal up in no time when she's had some rest and some food."

"I'll get her some soup from the kitchen," he said, closing the door behind him.

"Okay, get me if you need me to take care of her." Mandy touched his arm, smiled, and left.

He ignored the shouting behind him, heading toward the kitchen. Several pack members asked him about their new arrival. To each person he gave a new update, being calm with each of them. Pouring out two bowlfuls of soup, he crumbled some bread into each and then headed back up to the bedroom where he'd put her.

Opening the door, Scorch was brought up short by what he saw. The woman, name unknown, was standing, looking out of the window. She held onto the frame, and he knew she intended to jump. Placing the bowls on the nearest counter, he walked toward her, needing to get her to see him.

"Don't jump," he said, reaching out.

She jerked, looking at him. "I've got to jump." Her voice was scratchy but healing up nicely. Scorch loved the sound of her voice. He felt the wolf within him growl, wanting to get closer to the female.

Don't make her jump.

The last thing Scorch wanted to do was make her jump.

"No, you don't have to jump at all. I know what has happened to you is horrible, and I'll fight for you to protect you."

Her green gazed settled on him. The redness of her hair stood out against her pale skin. He wanted to run his fingers through the soft length while also caressing her sweet, tempting body.

"You don't know me," she said.

"I want to get to know you. I'd be willing to get to know you." From where he stood he saw the fullness of her curves and the sweetness of her skin. Even with the marks and bruises covering her body, he saw past that to the raw beauty within.

"Why?"

"You're a beautiful woman. Give it a chance." With each word he spoke he took a step closer until he could reach out and touch her skin. The spark ignited within him. His alpha growled, clawing at his skin. Taking a deep breath, he calmed his nerves as excitement took hold, refusing to be let go.

Mine.

Mate.

Claim.

Staring at her, Scorch knew deep down in his core that this woman was his destined mate. Grabbing her arm, he turned her around, tugging her out of the window. His touch was gentle, never once holding too tightly or with the intention of hurting.

She went with him, tears falling from her eyes. He wiped them away, stroking her soft skin.

"Whatever is happening in your life, it's not worth killing yourself over. We can survive a lot, but we cannot survive a fall like this. Don't kill yourself." He lifted her in his arms and carried her over to the bed.

"I'm too heavy to be carried."

"I don't care."

He placed her once again in the center of the bed and put a blanket over her. Grabbing the bowlfuls of food, he sat on the edge of the bed. Taking a scoopful of his own, he then put the bowl on the drawer beside the bed.

"We need you to eat. It's meat and potato soup. It'll be good to keep your strength up." He fed her slowly, spoonful by spoonful. All the time he wanted to ask her questions, find out where she came from. What she was running from.

"You're very kind letting me stay here," she said.

"You can stay here for as long as you like. My home is your home."

"You're the alpha?" she asked.

Smiling, he nodded his head. "I come from a long line of alphas. We believe in bringing the best out of our pack. I hope you can see that when you're well enough to move around. You may also get visitors wanting to know more about you."

"I'm not up for visitors-" She stopped speaking as the door slammed open.

"Well I have to say this was the worst visit ever, Scorch. I hope you feel happy with yourself letting this pissing stray into your life. I'll never be here again."

Scorch sighed, standing up to look at Lidia.

"I've got nothing to say to you. Your presence in this pack is fleeting and unwanted. Many of my pack have voiced their need for you to leave. It's official now. Get off my property and stay off."

He waited, patiently, as Lidia turned her back and shouted all the way out of the door. She'd really thought he wanted to mate with her? Lidia was good for a f**k, but she didn't have what it took to be an alpha's queen.

"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to upset your mate," the woman said.

"My name is Scorch. What is your name?" he asked, grabbing his bowl and finishing off the cold soup.

"It's Victoria. I really didn't mean to upset you or your mate."

"Lidia is not my mate. Do not concern yourself with her. She was merely ... a distraction from life." He smiled at her, hoping she would see that he wasn't angry. Lidia only visited him when the need for a hard f**k came to her. With her gone he didn't need to worry about being anything with her. "It's lovely to meet you, Victoria."

He offered her his hand, which she took. The electricity was instant as they touched. His wolf growled, demanding to protect and claim the woman before him.

She withdrew her hand, and he missed her touch.

"Do you want to talk about what brought you here?" he asked.

"No, if you don't mind, I'd rather not talk about it." She turned her head away almost as if she couldn't bear to look at him.

"That's okay. I just hope you get better soon." They stared at each other for many minutes with neither of them speaking.

Only when her eyes started to droop did he stand up and walk toward the window. He locked the window, staring back to see she'd fallen asleep. Scorch moved back to the bed and caressed her cheek. "I'll take care of you and make sure no harm comes to you." He pressed his lips against hers, meaning every single word.

Chapter Three

Victoria sat at the breakfast table a week later, chuckling as she was watched three young children mess about over their food. The mother was trying to control them while the father laughed along with them. The sight before her was so totally sweet and reminded her of her own family before they were taken from her. She had been an only child as her mother couldn't have any more children after her.

"They're beautiful, aren't they?" Scorch asked, taking a seat beside her.

Her heart pounded inside her chest at his closeness.

"Yes, children are always wonderful and beautiful." She smiled at him before returning to watch the antics of the children. Giggling, she took a piece of toast from the stack on the table and started to eat it.

"You look much better today," he said, grabbing a piece of toast.

She noticed most of his pack was watching them together. They didn't look unhappy at her presence, and they were all nice to her. "Thank you. The rest has been wonderful, and everything has healed up. Thank you for finding me." Being in Scorch's company made her feel protected.

"It was my pleasure." They ate in silence, and she listened to everyone talking. This was how a pack was supposed to be. Chain kept them terrified to move or to even breathe.

Memories of his treatment made her sick to her stomach. Nibbling on the toast, she tried her best to ignore the man beside her. His charisma made it hard for her to stay away from him. They'd spent a great deal of time together, watching movies or playing chess. They didn't need to talk their time was wonderful without speaking.

After breakfast was finished, she helped to clean away the dishes before heading out into the fresh air. She breathed in deeply, loving the cold against her skin.

Victoria jumped as a jacket was draped over her shoulders.

"I don't want you to catch a cold," Scorch said.

"I can't catch a cold." She chuckled, sinking inside the warmth of the jacket. His scent surrounded her.

"We can catch cold if we don't keep ourselves healthy. You didn't eat enough breakfast. You need to keep your strength up, Tori."

He'd taken to calling her Tori rather than her full name.

"I'm fine. I've got more than enough meat on my bones to keep me going." She put the jacket on completely, turning around to face him. "You're being so good to me, and you don't even know me."

"I know I like spending time with you. The pack adores you, and there's something about you that pulls me in." He took a step closer, and she couldn't stop the flood of arousal that gripped her from his closeness. Victoria had never been with a man before. Chain wouldn't allow any of the men within the pack to mate with other women.

"You're fun to be around, too. Is it okay if I have a walk around? I've been cooped up all day, and I just want some fresh air."

"Do you want to do that alone, or can I join you?" he asked.

Deny him.

Don't be f**king silly. Accept his invitation.

"I'd love your company." He took her hand, and together they walked out of the gate, walking away from the house. Glancing at one of the windows she saw several pack members watching them. "We've got some, erm, we've got some attention."

She nodded in the direction of the window. Scorch laughed.

"You're a mystery to them."

"I'm not much of a mystery at all. I hope no one thinks I'm someone special." The guilt clawed at her. Chain believed her seducing Scorch gave her more power over the other man. She wasn't required to hurt or weaken Scorch. The only thing she needed to do was seduce him.

"I know. You're different, and they see it." He kept hold of her hand as they headed toward the tree line.

The snow crunched underneath her feet.

"Do you stay here all the time?" she asked.

"Most of the time I stay here. When I need the warmth I head down to the city. I rarely feel the need to leave. This place is in my gut. It's part of who I am." The way he spoke she knew he was passionate about his pack and the place where he lived.

"It's a beautiful home, and your pack is thriving."

"I'm lucky. I know not all packs have what I've got."

"No, they don't." She thought about Chain and the damage one of his moods could create without even trying.

"Your pack is not a good one?"

"No, it's not." She gritted her teeth as she thought about Chain. How could she lure Scorch to his death?

Tell him the truth.

"I'm sorry you don't have a good pack. Have you ever considered leaving?" Scorch asked.

"Leaving? I didn't think you could leave a pack once you were in one." She leaned against a tree looking up at him. Victoria was struck by so much need spiraling within her. He hovered over her, but she didn't feel afraid of him. She knew he wouldn't hurt her at all. His touch was always gentle, and his voice never rose in anger. The woman, Lidia, had disappeared that morning a week ago.

"No, Lidia, the woman you met when you first arrived." She nodded, showing him she knew what he was talking about. "She's not part of any pack at all. No one has any claim over her loyalty. Her parents live southwards and are part of a pack down there. I've had three men leave my pack looking for something else. There is no law that forces you to remain within one pack."

"What about loyalty?"

"What do you mean?" he asked, reaching out to push some hair off her face.

"Don't your pack swear loyalty to you and to the pack?"

"Yes, but it doesn't mean they have to stay around. I'm not a tyrant, and I don't demand that my pack stick around when they're unhappy. They can leave whenever they want. Some never leave while others come and go all the time."

"You seem so open." She tried to pull away from his touch, but he kept hold of her.

"Does your alpha force you stay with him?"

Victoria couldn't lie to him. "Yes. None of us are allowed to leave. We have to stay and do as we're told. There is nothing else out there for us." Biting her lip she tried to stop the flow of words, but the moment she started talking she couldn't seem to stop. "He hurts us every chance he gets. We can't stop him." She stopped speaking when she was about to tell Scorch her alpha's name. No one was safe with Chain out there ready to hurt the next woman who rejected him.

"Can you tell me his name? I can make him pay for everything, Tori. I promise you."

She shook her head. "I can't do it. I'm so sorry." Victoria pulled away from him and took off. She heard him following her, but she needed to get away and start life once again. Victoria needed to put Chain behind her.

"Tori, wait."

Running was what she needed to do to clear her head. She didn't turn into her wolf form. She ran to escape the problems clawing at her. Victoria didn't watch where she was going, and then she felt arms wrap around her waist.

Fighting against the hold, she was pressed to the floor, rolled over and her arms held above her head. "I'm never going to hurt you," he said.

Tears ran down her cheeks as he held her still.

"I'm a horrible person," she said, whispering the words so only he could hear. They were alone together outside, but she felt like everyone was watching them, waiting for something to happen.

"No, you're not. Let's agree to not talk about your pack and your past."

"You'd do that for me?" she asked, shocked.

"Yes, I would. This is your pack now. This is your new beginning. We don't have to discuss anything of the past. In fact, you don't have a pack." He released her hands, sitting back and giving her enough room to sit up. "I'm Scorch of the Fire Pack. It's a pleasure to meet you."

She stared at his hand debating what to do with his touch.

"Erm, I'm Victoria. Life unknown." They shook hands. The new beginning had started between them. "Can I get up?"

"Sure." He went to his feet and helped her up. "My home is your home."

Words failed her as he kept hold of her hand. She liked the way his touch felt on her skin.

"Thank you."

"Don't mention it, honey. I'm an alpha not a monster."

Victoria didn't argue with him as he took her around the grounds never further than five miles from the house. The snow felt wonderful under her feet. For a short period of time she thought about Chain but cut it off. He couldn't touch her here. She knew with Scorch in her life, Chain couldn't hurt her.

He'd find a way.

Ignoring the warning, she walked back into the house, ready to start a new life in a different pack.

****

After dinner had been served and many couples headed to bed Scorch stayed behind to play pool with David and several of his friends. The last week had been hectic with Victoria's arrival. Everyone talked constantly about her presence within the pack and what it meant. He didn't mind the gossip. The Fire Pack had always been partial to gossip.

"How is she handling things?" David asked, taking his shot.

"I don't know who her old pack was. I think the alpha has found some way to hurt them."

David paused, staring at him. "Are you sure? No alpha has been able to hurt a pack before. It's insane to even think like that."

"Everyone knows that the alpha is bound to his wolf and cannot be broken. The alpha wolf takes care of its pack, not hurts it." Blake, another pack member spoke up.

Scorch agreed with them. In all of his years as alpha he'd lost his temper once with a pack member, but he'd paid dearly for the experience. He remembered the forced change, the feel of his bones breaking, shattering underneath the command of his beast. Every second had been a lesson to his human side to never allow anger, pain, or evil to rule his actions. The wolf would not see a member of its pack hurt.

He recalled the weeks of pain as his body grew accustomed to being human once again. His father had stepped down as alpha, giving Scorch the pack. He'd been so scared at the time, and his father had said the best alphas learn from their mistakes. Providing he never put the pack in danger, the wolf would never make him pay.

Since that moment, Scorch learned to control his temper and to understand the beast within him. His temper declined. There was never a forced transition. However, Scorch, like many alphas, knew about the process to tear the control of the beast from the man. His father had shared the knowledge with him.

If an alpha was to fight with another alpha and win, the one who won would have shattered a part within the beast's soul. That shattered part would no longer hold a grip on the human. The human would be in control and could do whatever they wanted.

No alpha had ever wanted so much control to go out and kill another alpha. Scorch hoped no one ever tried. That kind of person would become pure evil, and the evil would spread throughout the pack turning his followers into wild beasts.

"It's not something I ever want to consider," Scorch said. "I don't want to think of how an alpha could go out of his way to hurt a pack member."

They'd all seen her when she arrived. The bruises alone were sickening while the cuts just forced the issues deeper.

"No alpha could want that kind of power. It's out of control," David said.

Scorch agreed with him. The very thought was frightening. When the game was over he wished all of his men good night and headed up to his room. Victoria still occupied the room next to his. Opening the door, he found her curled up in a ball facing the window. All of the females had gone out of their way to make her feel welcome while also giving her clothing. A lot of their women were particularly slender. He had sent one woman out to get Victoria plenty of clothes her own size.

The scent of her humiliation had been too much for him to bear.

Satisfied with her sleeping he entered his own room, tearing off his clothing as he did. Naked, he stood to look out over the darkness wishing there was something he could do to stop whatever pain Victoria was feeling. The last thing he wanted to do was witness her pain. Pouring himself a drop of brandy, he walked to the bed and got under the covers. He settled back, listening to the sounds of the night go by.

Howling, hooting, and many other sounds drifted from the forests and beyond. Drinking down the last of the brandy, he lay back and closed his eyes. There were many wolves out there in the world. Some didn't turn into man at the end of the full moon while there were many who did.

Rubbing a hand over his face, he tried to get Victoria out of his mind. He thought about the length of her red hair gliding over his body and the shocking color of her eyes as she stared at him, waiting. He saw her standing by the window, her hair cascading down her back, tempting him to do more than simply look.

He reached down under the covers touching his rock hard cock. Whenever he was around Victoria all he wanted to do was f**k her, claim her. His wolf recognized her as his mate, and all Scorch could do was hope he kept it together long enough for her to grow used to him.

Her innocence was still intact. No one could wash the smell of virginal blood from her veins.

Claim her.

Fisting his length, he kept his eyes closed as he pictured Victoria, smiling at him. She was na**d without any bruises or scars marring her body. In his mind she begged for him to come to her.

Scorch rubbed the pr**cum along the tip, spreading it down his shaft. He worked his c**k thinking about her lips, her cunt, and especially the tightness of her ass. Her ass looked so f**king plump and inviting.

Growling, he worked his fist faster feeling the tightness in his balls. It had been a week since he'd found any kind of release. Victoria had taken over his entire world, making it impossible for him to think about anyone but her.

He imagined her open, inviting and willing to his lust. All too soon his orgasm flooded his veins, erupting onto his stomach. He pushed the blanket away to make sure no mess was easy to see.

Once he finished, he lay back panting for breath. Fuck, the orgasm had been amazing but nowhere near to what he truly wanted. Victoria, in the short time he'd know her, had turned into an obsession for him. The way her head tilted to the side when she listened to him talk. Her fingers as she picked up a chess piece while they played. He noticed the way she played with her hair as they watched movies. Every little part of her had become something to memorize. He didn't want to look away. Scorch felt possessed to know everything about her.

Grabbing an old shirt, he cleaned the white drops of cum from his stomach before walking into the bathroom. Washing the shirt out, he threw it in the laundry basket then headed out to bed. The light was out, and he sat back, listening some more. The night was incredibly still.

He heard her whimper, begging someone to stop. Getting out of bed, he walked to Victoria's room. He saw her thrashing about on the bed, her body covered in a layer of sweat. Closing the door behind him, the instinct inside him to protect was strong. He walked to the edge of the bed, lifted the covers, and climbed inside.

"I've got you, honey. You're safe now. No one is going to hurt you." Scorch spoke softly. She wore a white night shirt over her gorgeous body. He wasn't in the mood to cover his nakedness. Victoria lashed out trying to fight off whatever evil was in her dream. Catching her arms, he pulled her against his body. "It's Scorch. I'm here. I'm going to protect you and keep you safe."

After some time she grew lax in his arms. He held her tighter than ever before, knowing she needed to feel something for her to calm down. Her dreams terrified her. Scorch heard her heart beating rapidly against her chest. With one arm holding her tight, he stroked her red hair with the other, all the time, talking, whispering and giving her everything she needed to hear.

Lying down beside her, Scorch closed his eyes listening to the sound of her breathing. She went back to sleep without fighting him.

Mate. She's our mate. Kill whoever tries to harm her.

Scorch couldn't argue with his wolf's thoughts. He felt the exact same way.

****

Chain stood on the edge of the forest. Through the line of trees he could make out the large house that was Scorch's living place. Victoria would be working her magic, he had no doubt, to get what he wanted. Once Scorch was dead he intended to take what he wanted from her.

She would be the last woman to ever reject him. He'd have the power, and his wolf would have no choice but to bow down to what he wanted. The first time his wolf took over when he'd tried to hurt someone had angered him, the pain he'd experienced fed his need for justice. He would be the one to control his wolf.

All of the alphas knew the way to take control, but like a bunch of f**king pussies they bowed down to the beast within. He was going to do what no other f**king alpha could, he was going to take control and then take everything he wanted. Men of his pack would die at his hands. The women would learn their place and give him what he wanted. If they didn't give, then he'd simply take.

Smiling, Chain walked away. All he needed to do was wait for Victoria to pull through. Her seduction would lure Scorch out so that Chain alone could kill him. Chain knew the other alpha wouldn't be able to resist Victoria. She was too f**king beautiful to deny. He wanted her for himself, but seeing as she wouldn't give herself to him, he couldn't claim her for his own, not until he was free of his wolf's control. Once Scorch took her cherry and Chain killed Scorch, he intended to f**k her pu**y until she forgot all about the other man. Thinking about another man between her thighs made him rock hard. He could have easily gotten her to lure Scorch out for him to kill, but he preferred humiliating her this way. Chain liked the power he held over her. She would do as she was told, even f**k another man for him. If Scorch didn't die at his hands, then he didn't break the bond with his wolf. It was a good job he'd made sure Victoria was afraid of him. She would do what he said without arguing. If she tried to poison Scorch, his plans would fail. Victoria would do as she was told. He'd instilled fear inside her to make sure she stayed loyal. She always would.

Chapter Four

The sunlight shining through the window was what woke Victoria up first. The glare of the sun made it hard for her to see. Last night she'd opened the windows to watch the night and the snow covered mountains she saw from her bedroom window. The tranquil beauty helped to ease her troubled thoughts before going to sleep. The next thing she became aware of was the tight arms wrapped around her waist.

The arms holding her were thick and strong. Looking behind her she saw Scorch staring down at her. Neither of them spoke. She was caught up in his gaze. His blue eyes always saw too much. Down she went to the plumpness of his lips. What would they feel like pressed against her own? For all of her adult life she'd never cared about sex or members of the opposite sex. Before her parents joined Chain's pack she thought her life would be like theirs. Find the mate destined for her, get married, have a child, maybe more than one, and grow old together. Then Chain had taken their love and smashed it into the ground, using every opportunity to mock what they'd gained together.

"Why are you here?" she asked, loving the warmth of his arms wrapped around her. He went to pull away. She held him still not wanting him to leave.

"You had a bad dream, and I couldn't leave you like that."

"A bad dream?" she asked, frowning.

"You were upset, whimpering in your sleep."

"I didn't mean to wake you."

"You didn't wake me, baby."

Baby, he called her baby. Smiling, she dropped her gaze back to his lips. Licking her own, she suddenly felt dry, parched even.

His fingers stroked her side, caressing her skin. She suddenly became aware of his na**d state. His c**k pressed against her hip, and she gasped.

Why was he hard?

"Do you need to use the bathroom?" she asked.

He laughed. "No, I want something else entirely." His gaze dropped to her lips. The tension mounted between them. "I've never done anything that a woman hasn't wanted before, Tori. I need you to tell me to stop."

Did she want him to stop? She'd never been kissed before by anyone.

"I don't want to tell you to stop," she said, forcing the words out of her mouth. With his hands wrapped around her body, he slowly lowered down. Each inch he moved drew him closer to her. The smell of the ice, the forest clung to his skin.

Home.

In Scorch's arms she felt at home within his touch.

When his lips touched hers, she moaned, opening up. He didn't take advantage. His tongue licked along her lips before slowly easing into her mouth. She kissed him back wanting his touch to last far longer than anything else she'd ever experienced. Victoria would give up everything to feel his arms wrapped around her and his lips taking possession of her own.

No one was there to witness her need or to see what he did to her. Heat flooded her pu**y. The instant spike of need took her unaware. He held her tighter, his touch firm but not intended to hurt.

Soon, his tongue plundered her mouth, spiking the heat within her body.

"Tell me to stop," he said, muttering the words against her lips.

"I don't want you to. Please, Scorch, I want this. Don't deny me." She'd never begged for anything in all of her life. Victoria would beg to feel Scorch's touch all the time.

"You're a virgin."

She jerked, looking up at him. "How do you know?"

"I'm an alpha and a wolf. If I didn't know what innocence smelled like the only excuse I could give would be my lack of sense of smell." One of his hands moved from around her waist, to cup her cheek. "We'll take this slow if this is what you want."

Covering his hand where it held her cheek, she pulled him down until he cupped her breast. Chain wasn't here. He wasn't ordering her in this moment. For once, Victoria was doing something she wanted to do. "I want this. I know you're not forcing me to want it."

She released his hand feeling his fingers graze over her tight nipple.

Scorch released her arms, pulling the blankets away from her body. She didn't fight to keep them on, watching him as he pulled the sheets away. The curtains remained open, but he closed the window cutting off the chill.

"I don't want you to get a cold."

Her heart pounded as she saw the evidence of his arousal standing straight out. She'd seen na**d men before but none of them with such potent evidence of what they could do with their cocks. The tip looked red and swollen. He locked the door on his way back to her.

"No one will interrupt us."

There were no doubts as he knelt on the bed coming toward her. Staring into his eyes, she knew what she was doing. He reached out, holding onto the nightshirt she wore.

"Nothing between us, Victoria."

I'm going to have sex. I'm going to have sex.

She felt giddy at the thought of finally giving herself to a man whom she wanted more than anything. Scorch was sex on legs, and the longer she was away from Chain, the happier she was starting to feel. He didn't control her in what she gave to Scorch. This was about her, no one else.

He tore the shirt over her head leaving her exposed. Next, the panties were taken until they were both naked. Scorch picked up her feet and started to caress the soles of her feet and up to her toes.

At first she started to giggle and then moan as the pleasure swamped her. Chain disappeared from her thoughts. In that moment Victoria felt like she and Scorch were the only two people on the planet. He stared into her eyes, capturing her with his gaze. Up her leg he went, massaging her calf then up her thigh. His touch was so close to her pu**y, but he released her before he touched her. Moaning, she watched him hold onto her second foot repeating the massage all the way up her leg.

"You're very impatient, Tori. We barely know each other," Scorch said. He flipped her over so she lay on her front.

"We're wolves. We're not known for taking things slowly."

"Give me an example." His hands landed on the base of her back. She groaned as his thumbs were sheer heaven against the muscles. Victoria hadn't been touched like this at all. Everything he did ignited a fire within her body.

"My parents were married within the month of meeting each other. Once they saw each other, they knew what their future would hold." Thinking about her parents made her ache deep in her heart. She wouldn't see the love blooming between them again.

"It was the same for my folks," he said, rubbing circles up and down her back. Scorch took his time making her melt with every touch of his fingers.

All women should have a man like Scorch who was prepared to rub down their body. His penis lay on her ass. The hard length hadn't diminished at all as he took the time with her body. She felt like a queen from his caresses alone.

"The moment my dad saw my mom, they were mated the same day. Within a week they were married. Our kind doesn't take long to get what it wants, does it?" he asked, kissing her neck.

She whimpered, wanting so much more than a kiss to her neck. "You're torturing me on purpose."

"I'm not going to f**k you today, baby," he said, catching her unaware. He whispered the words against her ear.

"What? Why?" she asked.

"Our parents moved fast because they knew what their future was together. I know what I want, Tori. You're not ready. Until you're ready to face the truth, we'll have this, nothing else."

The desire to scream, kick, and fight him at the unfairness of his decision was strong. She glanced behind her, staring at the cool, calm depths of his blue eyes and knew he was doing the right thing.

"You're not playing fair."

"Baby, I'm a good alpha. I never hurt any of my pack. Their protection is my primary concern, but never for a second think I play fair when I want something badly." His hand stroked down her front. Even with him on top he made easy work to touch her. He cupped her pu**y, sliding a finger through her slit. "This is going to be more than a quick f**k. Don't worry, Tori, I can wait for you to admit the truth. I've got the patience of a saint."

He kissed her temple, removing his hand from between her thighs at the same time. She smelled the intenseness of her arousal on his digits. Glancing behind her she watched him suck his fingers clean of her cream.

"You taste so good. We won't be f**king, but we will be doing a hell of a lot more than that."

****

Victoria had finally spoken up about her parents. They'd been killed. He knew they had from the way she spoke of them. The love couldn't be disguised as anything other than love. He would get to the bottom of what happened to her if it was the last thing he did as alpha. All of the pack considered her one of their own. None of them knew the full extent of what she meant to him.

Last night, holding her in his arms, Scorch had known the truth of what had happened between them. They were a destined mated pair. His wolf had calmed down the instant they were close. The words of mating, claiming, and taking made more sense. He'd never found a woman he wanted more than the beautiful, red-headed Victoria. She sent his blood aflame with her presence alone.

He recalled a conversation with his father many moons ago asking about mates and knowing when the right one would come along. At the time his father had been cryptic, but Scorch finally knew the truth. When he found the one woman destined to be his, he'd know. He would feel it in his body and in the way his wolf responded to her.

Lidia hadn't inspired his wolf at all. Only the human attraction had lured him toward Lidia. Nothing else had captured his attention.

Victoria only had to walk into a room and he was captivated. Now all he needed was for her to realize the truth, and then they could do something more than play together. Today, he would give her a taste of what being with him actually meant. The call of their bodies and the need that flowed inside them, it all meant something more.

Massaging her back, he stared down at his c**k resting between the crack of her ass. The tip was swollen, leaking pr**cum over her rounded curves.

He heard the rest of his pack wandering around outside, muttering to themselves. Soon he would tell them all that he intended to claim a mate, and Victoria would be the woman he claimed for his own.

Climbing off her ass, he turned her over. She weighed next to nothing against him. As he was an alpha he could lift people without pulling a single muscle in his body. Her curves drove him wild, and all he wanted to do was spend his day holding her against him, feeling those curves wrapped around him, holding on as he drove into her body hard.

"What have you done before?" he asked.

"With what?"

"With a man? What have you done with a man.?" It was hard for him to get the question out. The very thought of another touching her filled him with rage.

"Nothing. I've done nothing with a man." She sounded so young as she answered him.

"Don't worry, baby, I'll teach you everything you need to know."

He'd never thought anything of a virgin before. With Victoria he saw the draw of women who hadn't been with anyone else.

The smell of sex surrounded the room. Their personal scents wrapped around them like an invisible cloak. His wolf hummed his approval as the mating hormone flooded his veins. It would be so easy to take her now, to mate with her and to make her his woman without a thought. For once he and the beast were thinking as one, but he knew to do something like that before she had a chance to speak up, would be wrong. He wouldn't do anything to lose her trust.

Opening her thighs, he kept his gaze on her never once leaving her face. Slowly, he eased his fingers up the outside of her thighs teasing her skin. When she relaxed again he brought his fingers around to the inside of her thighs. She gasped as he brought his fingers up to her core. Touching her pu**y, he felt her arousal coating the fine hairs of her sex. Her eyes went wide, and she arched against him, clearly trying to get him to touch her harder.

Ignoring her demand, he remained still, only touching her lightly. Once she settled down again, he opened the lips of her sex, spreading her open.

"I'm just going to touch your pu**y and get you used to the feel of my fingers against you." His mouth watered for a taste of her. Touching her would never be enough, but tonight only his fingers and mouth were going to do.

Her breathing deepened as he touched her pu**y. He eased a finger between her slick folds, watching her eyes dilate more. The sudden tinge of a darker green shone wide as her beast flooded her veins. His own beast answered the call, but as quickly as they appeared, the wolves disappeared, leaving the humans alone once more.

"What happened?" she asked, looking amazed.

"Our wolves like each other."

He caressed her cl*t watching her cry out as he coated his fingers with her essence. Leaning over, he claimed her lips, plunging his tongue into her mouth. He kissed down to her breast, sucking the tight nipple into his mouth. She tasted amazing. Scorch knew he would never grow bored with her. Each second they were together drove him further to claim her.

Biting down onto her hard bud, he stroked her cl*t loving each cry and whimper that escaped her lips. Down he went, kissing down her body, removing his hand from her pu**y. When he was at eye level with her mound he simply took seconds to stare at the beauty of sex. Her cl*t was swollen, and the fine red hairs covering the lips of her sex teased him.

Spreading her open, he touched her cl*t with his tongue. Her essence exploded, and he swallowed every drop of cream he could. She tasted amazing, addictive, and he didn't want it to end. He would gladly spend the rest of his life licking her out.

Her screams echoed off the walls as he flicked, caressed, and nibbled on her clit. She gripped his hair tightly but couldn't force him to stop. Scorch was nowhere near done with her yet.

Reaching up, he gripped her hips, wanting to hold her in place as he licked her out. Her cries turned to screams. The pleasure built up, and her orgasm was so close to the surface. Nibbling on her clit, he sucked the swollen bud into his mouth before giving it a final flick of his tongue. She came apart, and he kept up the strokes of his tongue wanting her orgasm to last.

From her response, he knew she hadn't experienced an orgasm before. The thrill that went through him would stay with him forever at knowing he was the cause for her first explosion.

Pulling away from her pu**y, he wiped the excess cream from his chin and stared down at her. Her chest was heaving with every indrawn breath.

"You're going to kill me with a tongue like that."

He chuckled.

Her gaze wandered down his body, settling on his shaft.

"You don't have to give me anything." He hadn't tasted her just to make her feel the need to give him something back.

"I want to give you the same kind of pleasure." She sat up holding his arms as she changed places. He sat down, watching her gaze on him. His skin felt on fire with her gaze blistering him where she sat.

The intention of what she intended to do was not lost on him at all. He pushed some of her hair off her face and stroked a finger over her plump lips. She moaned, opening her lips, and he slid his finger inside watching her suck on him.

Removing his hand, he watched her kiss down his body.

"I've never done this before. Please, don't laugh at me."

Did she really think he was that bad a person? Scorch wouldn't dream of mocking her in any way. Watching her grip his shaft, he gritted his teeth to stop himself from growling out and thrusting against her mouth.

Closing his eyes he tried to gain the control he was so close to losing. Biting his lip, he finally opened his eyes and watched her once again.

She licked the tip of his cock, teasing around the head and sliding down the blue vein pulsing along the shaft. Fisting his hands, he stopped himself from reaching out and forcing her head down over his dick. Her lips surrounded the head before taking more of him going deeper into her mouth. Her moan vibrated against his cock.

No longer able to control the urge to grab her head, Scorch fisted his hands in her hair and thrust into her waiting mouth. He growled as she didn't fight him, and he slammed in deep. Her inexperience shone through, but he didn't care. The pleasure her mouth was causing was so damn sweet. He couldn't stop the need for release building inside him.

Watching her mouth bob on his length was all it took. "Stop, I'm going to come in your mouth."

She didn't stop her ministrations. Her movements slowed prolonging the pleasure inside him.

Grunting, Scorch closed his eyes as the first wave of pleasure washed over him. His cum erupted in her mouth, and she swallowed him down. She didn't stop until she milked him dry.

When there was no more for her to take, Victoria collapsed to the bed smiling up at him.

"You're a f**king witch," he said, smiling.

"I take it I did a good job?" She raised a brow, and he was blown away by her teasing.

"Yes, you did an amazing job, not that I consider giving me a b**w j*b actual work."

She giggled. The sound was music to his ears, and his wolf perked up at her happiness. Her stomach growled, and her cheeks heated.

"Now it's time for me to wash, then feed you."

Getting out of bed, he carried her through to the bathroom to wash her before heading downstairs to the kitchen. For the first time in his life, Scorch didn't want the woman to leave him.

Chapter Five

"I've never seen him this happy before," Mandy said, five days later as she stood in the kitchen. Victoria was watching Scorch chop wood, drink beer, and talk with the men of the pack while kids ran around the garden. The snow and the cold didn't affect any of them. They all loved life and knew how to take life by the horns and live it to the fullest.

"What do you mean?" Victoria asked, washing up the spoons from her day of baking. Most of her mornings were spent in Scorch's arms. At night she would leave him trying to create a distance between them, but by morning he'd be in her bed with his strong arms warding off the nightmares. He kept teasing her about joining her when she went to bed instead of halfway through the night.

Part of her didn't want to get too close to Scorch. She knew Chain would be waiting at some point to take her or to take Scorch. If he knew she wasn't trying to lure him out then Chain would kill her. She really didn't want to die at Chain's hands, but she also didn't want to betray Scorch.

"Most of the time he goes through life keeping the pack together, working toward keeping us all strong. He doesn't allow men to lose control of the wolf. His father was similar, and our pack as a whole has flourished. Through it all he hasn't once taken a woman as a mate." Mandy was chopping an array of vegetables to go into a soup pot.

Victoria loved how they all worked together as a family, eating, sharing fun. They had all talked about the chaos of Christmas. Scorch gave them all money, and at some point between September and December they all ventured to the local town and city to buy gifts. The house was decorated, and the food was nonstop. Victoria wanted to experience it at some point, but she knew she was never going to get the chance. The full moon was fast approaching. She could force it to two full moons, but Chain would be impatient.

"What about Lidia? He seemed close to her." Walking to the pot, Victoria started to stir the vegetables into the meat so they were all combined.

"She was a distraction for him. Scorch will not pick a woman from the pack to find pleasure inside. Lidia was his f**k buddy." Mandy chuckled. "She would come to the pack, f**k Scorch, and think it gave her respect. None of us talked to her at all. We all despised her, but she thought it meant respect. She also stank really bad. The city with all the pollution is not a good place for a wolf to be." Mandy wrinkled her nose, and Victoria couldn't stop laughing.

The back door opened, and suddenly she was hurled in the air. Scorch's manly scent surrounded her stopping the panic from rising up inside her. "Where is not a good place for a wolf to be?" he asked, sinking his head against his neck and breathing her in.

Closing her eyes she tried to hold back the moan. Mandy was smiling looking between them when she opened her eyes again. "You two look amazing together."

"You hear that, Tori? We've got to get married. One of the women in my pack approves. We should strike while the iron is hot."

She couldn't stop the laugh at his teasing. "Okay, we'll get married, and I'll be your queen."

He stopped smiling, cupped her face and stared into her eyes. "Be careful what you say."

"Why? We were only joking around."

Scorch leaned in close so his lips touched her ear. "I wasn't." He pulled away, heading toward the door. "Both of you should come out when the dinner is on. It's cold, and I hear the kids conspiring that they're going to snowball us."

He disappeared out the door leaving a cold spell in his wake.

"I told you. You've made him so happy."

"He's talking about marriage."

"Have you ever considered the fact your wolves are quiet when you're together? Neither of you look put out or close to the edge. In fact, I'm sure I've heard you both purring in each other's company."

"Wolves don't purr," Victoria said, trying to deny the truth.

"Fine. I've heard you both growling lustfully at each other. I know what I heard, and I know the whole pack is looking forward to your mating. It's only a matter of time before you realize the truth. Perhaps in wolf form you'll see the truth glaring at you." Mandy put the peels in the recycle bucket before heading toward the door.

"Mating, how do you know?" Victoria had never found a male who made her feel this way. There were times in Scorch's company she just wanted to rub all over him. He made her forget about her weight issues and Chain. For once in her life she was able to feel without being terrified. Chain took everything away while Scorch gave her everything.

"When you find the male suited to you, you just know. I'm mated to David. He's the love of my life, and I couldn't imagine my life without him." Mandy looked outside, staring at her man. "You'll know. At the moment you're holding yourself back from whatever pain is keeping you locked in its trap." Mandy shrugged. "Take your time. I know the alpha is not going anywhere."

She left the same way as Scorch did. Folding her arms underneath her br**sts, Victoria stared out of the window once again. Scorch was chasing after the children, making his hands out to be claws as they ran away screaming. She chuckled. They all clearly loved their alpha. There were no kids in Chain's pack. The parents with children had disappeared the moment Chain started to show signs of changing for the worse. Her parents stuck it out believing their alpha would overcome the strong hold of whatever it was that held him.

All the children were wrapped up in coats, scarves, hats, and gloves. None of them had gone through the change as yet, so their temperatures were that of full blooded humans. The adults, the fully changed wolves, wore only jackets.

Grabbing the jacket off the rail beside the door she headed out toward the group. Several women stopped her to comment on her appearance. They were all embracing her, wrapping her within their warmth. Arms banded around her waist, and Scorch pressed his nose against her neck. She hadn't gotten the chance to leave the group of women, and it felt like he'd come to claim her instead.

"I've been waiting for you to come out and play," he said, breathing in deeply.

"Women like to talk." Her pulse pounded against her neck as cream soaked her panties. He turned her on so easily.

They'd been spending time getting to know each other every morning. She'd tasted his cum on her tongue and loved how she got him to lose control. He never pushed her to do more. They touched, stroked, caressed and took the time with each other. Slowly, Victoria felt herself falling for him. His temperament and the way he treated her were so sweet she couldn't help but fall. He was the complete opposite of Chain.

"I'm just taking her over here, ladies," Scorch said, lifting her up and practically carrying her over to the group he'd been talking to. David had his arms wrapped around Mandy, and she saw several men smiling at them. "We're talking about the next full moon run. It's David's turn to stay behind to keep an eye on the kids while the rest of us go for a run to blow off steam."

"Do you mind staying behind?" Victoria asked.

"No, it's my turn. We all take turns. Mandy did it last month, and before that Blake did. We all take turns."

"Do you take your turn?" She turned her attention back to Scorch.

"Of course. My turn is not next full moon but the one after. I pull my weight. It's my pack, and I'm not willing to give out orders without doing it myself. I don't work like that." His arm was wrapped around her waist, holding her close.

She loved the warmth from his body as they stood in the cold. "Then I'd like to help."

"You can share Scorch's day. He could do with the company," Mandy said, smiling sweetly.

"Sure, why not?"

What about Chain?

He's going to kill you if you don't give him what he wants. He wanted Scorch distracted by his attraction to her so that he could kill Scorch easily. What did Chain really want to do with him other than kill him? Scorch didn't pose a threat to any pack. The old fear her previous alpha had caused rose up.

She stared at the ground wishing there was some way out of what Chain had made her do.

****

Scorch felt her withdraw from the conversation. Her body tensed up, and her gaze stayed on the ground covered with snow. Glancing at Mandy he saw the concern in the other woman's eyes. All of his pack was concerned with the woman in his arms. He knew they accepted her as his life-mate.

"Hey, are you okay?" he asked, whispering against her ear.

She turned her head, nodding. "Of course. Nothing is wrong at all. Everything is fine."

"Tori, look up," one of the kids said, calling her name.

A white ball of snow landed on her chest. She jumped out of his arms, collapsing to the ground in the snow. Scorch tensed expecting her to lash out and say something to upset the whole of the pack.

Instead, Victoria spread her arms out creating a snow angel while laughing.

"Tell them they've got five minutes and then I'm going to get them back." Her eyes were glinting up at him.

"You got it." Turning to the kids, he held his hands up to be heard. "You've got five minutes, adults against children. Snowball fight will happen. The main objective of this mission," he said, looking all around, "is fun. If you're not having fun, you've lost."

The kids ran around the back of the house, screaming and laughing. He heard them all whispering. The adults banded together, walked out of the gate and stared across the distance waiting for Scorch to announce the beginning of the snowball fight.

He helped Victoria up out of the snow. She brushed it off her clothes and followed him toward his spot. They stood hand in hand waiting. His heart was pounding as the excitement built within. This was his future with Victoria by his side. He knew deep in his heart that they could achieve so much together.

Every now and then he saw the pack watching them together. They were waiting for him to announce his mating with Victoria. Yesterday he'd gotten a call from Lidia demanding a second chance. He refused her offer, not wanting her anywhere near his pack. She was a sickness he didn't wish to spread around.

"Scorch, are you ready?" Victoria asked.

He was ready for a lot more than a snowball fight.

"Remember, key rules, have fun. Otherwise you're a loser." He made sure everyone could hear him as he shouted the words. "Five ... four ... three ... two ... one ... fight!"

The children screamed as they ran out behind them from the trees. Victoria squealed as they were pelted with snowballs from the children. Scorch had heard the kids coming behind them.

Pretending to be scared, he jumped over the fence, picking Victoria up and over the fence. He rolled up balls, but once his arms left her, she was grabbing snow turning them into balls and pelting them over the wall.

The laughter going on all around them was amazing. His pack was in full flow pelting snowballs and pretending to die as they were hit by a flying ball. The kids were stopping as they fell over laughing.

The snowball fight was carrying on. Grabbing her hand, he led her away from the main fight. He pressed her against the side of the house, staring into her eyes.

"I don't want you to leave," he said.

"The fight, the kids, Scorch, we can talk about this another time." She tried to pull away from him, but he wouldn't let her.

"They're fighting without us. I need to hear you agree to be by my side."

"Don't do this. We're having fun. I'm not ready to move on or to agree to anything." She reached out, cupping his face. "I like you, Scorch, and I'm grateful to everything you've done for me. I was a stranger and you took me in, and I'll always be indebted to you but don't ask me this, please."

Touching her hands, Scorch saw the pain in her eyes.

"You're scared of someone, and I will protect you, Tori. You feel this between us." He pressed a palm against her chest feeling her heart race under his touch. "I know what Mandy was talking about. You can stay inside the house at the full moon, or you can come and see what she means about our wolves."

Cupping her cheek, he closed the distance between them, pressing his lips to hers. She gasped, opening up and letting him inside. Plunging his tongue in deep, he pressed his body against hers, letting her feel his need for her. His c**k was in a state of a constant erection around her.

Pulling away, he let her go and headed off in the opposite direction. The fight had finished, and the kids were happy. Scorch didn't feel like being around his pack at that moment. Victoria made no move to follow him. Heading through the trees he kept on walking knowing someone was following behind him.

David joined him without saying a word.

"You should be with the pack and your mate." He growled out the last word knowing David and Mandy didn't deserve his anger.

"I'm not leaving you alone. I heard what went on between the two of you."

"So, she doesn't want to be with me. She's grateful for my help." He snarled the words out hating himself for being angry because she wouldn't give him what he wanted.

"Scorch, it has nothing to do with you, okay? She came from a pack that clearly hurts its people. Think about the way she looked the moment you found her," David said, stopping Scorch from moving.

He'd not considered her old pack or what it meant. She had been tied to a tree. There was something he was missing. Victoria tried to keep him at arms' length as if she were afraid to get too close. Her nightmares were always about chains and being hurt.

"Someone tied her to that tree," Scorch said.

"I didn't want to bring this up because she's a lovely woman, and I know your wolf wants to mate with her." David stepped closer. "But I need you to look past your need for her and think about something else."

Staring at his man, his wolf wanted to deny the claim he'd not been thinking clearly. Scorch knew what David said was the truth. All he'd thought about was her care and how her recovery was going. There was not a mark on her beautiful body.

"I'm listening. Voice your concerns." He folded his arms waiting for David to speak up.

"The pack adores her. I adore her and so does Mandy, but you've got to think about why she's here and where she came from. We can't trust that. Mandy thinks my concerns are unnecessary, but this pack is my home."

Scorch didn't want to hear anymore, yet everything David said did raise concerns inside him. "Talk. You know the pack comes first."

"I'm really sorry to bring this to you. She was tied to a tree, and the wounds had purposefully been left open. The cold didn't help. She was bound to a tree that is far enough away so we wouldn't suspect anything yet close enough for our pack to stumble on her. Her body was washed of all scent. I can't help but think someone tried to wash the scent from her skin. She doesn't talk about where she comes from, and there is always a guilty look in her eye when she looks at you."

"She's not here by mistake." Scorch hadn't given it any thought. His wolf loved her, wanted to mate with her, and he wouldn't be satisfied until he got what he wanted.

"I'm really sorry to bring this kind of information to you," David said. "I think she's after you, or at least someone wants you to be vulnerable."

"I don't want you to talk to anyone about this, you understand? I will be talking to her immediately, but I cannot do my job if I'm worried about you and the danger she could pose to our pack." Scorch waited for his man to agree.

"You know me, alpha, I'm here for you."

"Good, let's head back. I want to get some time alone with our little guest."

His wolf was demanding he turn back, but Scorch finally saw the error in not questioning her dubious entrance into his life. The pack came first. Pleasure was last on his list of concerns to deal with.

Everyone had moved inside the house as another fresh layer of snowfall had started. Entering the house he saw Victoria serving up the soup with Mandy. She smiled at him, but he couldn't bring himself to smile back. His suspicions were high when it came to her.

Taking a bowl and some bread through to his office, he sat down letting his thoughts flow through him with ease. The pack came first, and he hoped to whoever was listening that Victoria was innocent of the crimes David was thinking.

Chapter Six

Victoria stood at the window once again feeling nervous. Scorch hadn't joined them for dinner, and David hadn't looked her way at all. Dinner had been a stilted affair. The whole hour had left her feeling uncomfortable. Scorch had locked himself away in his office. She'd seen the door closed with only David going in and out. Unable to handle the nerves she'd disappeared to her bedroom. What should she do?

Every passing second scared the hell out of her. What would he do when he found out the truth?

Crap. Her hands started to shake. Holding onto the window frame she tried with all of her might to hold onto her sanity while at the same time feeling terrified of what was about to come.

Get a grip. Nothing is going to happen.

He knows the truth.

Tell him the truth.

Her thoughts were threatening to kill her.

"Shut up," she said, trying to stop her thoughts.

"Where do you come from?" Scorch asked.

Jerking, she turned to see him stood in the doorway. He entered the room, closing and locking the door behind him.

"What do you mean?" Her heart was thumping, and it had nothing to do with sexual arousal.

Scorch was locked down. There was no smile in sight as his blue eyes stared up and down her body.

"You've got a story to tell. I want to hear it, and you're not leaving this room until you tell me the truth."

"I don't know what you mean." She stared out across the distance hating Chain for doing what he did.

"You're my mate, Tori. When we turn you'll know our wolves are destined to be together." He leaned against the doorframe stopping her escape.

The window is still my way to freedom.

"I won't let you jump. I'll stop you before you can even take the plunge," he said.

"Are you a mind reader?"

"No, I want to know the truth about the woman who I would do everything in my power to protect her. David knows there is something about you that doesn't add up. I agree with him. Answer my questions. You haven't forgotten anything about your past, have you?" he asked.

Running her hand up and down the window frame she battled with her own thoughts about what was to come. Scorch and the Fire Pack had been nothing but nice to her.

Don't let Chain win. Defeat him. Stop him from getting what he wants.

"Over ten years ago my parents wanted me to be part of a pack. Everyone knows that young wolves need to be around their own kind during the first turning." She smiled, staring out across the view. Lying to him was tearing her apart. The only way to find any solace would be to admit the whole truth to him. "I hadn't turned yet. My mom knew it was only a matter of time. She told me my monthly cycle was the first indication and then my changing mood not to mention my eyes changing color, getting darker somehow. She knew it was only a matter of time before I went through the change." Gripping the back of her neck, Victoria remembered the conversation with her parents.

"You want me to ask you questions?" he asked.

"No, this is my story. I went to junior high one day, and one of the guys was teasing me. I got so angry. I tried to ignore him, and then at gym he pretended to touch me up. I flipped and threw him against the wall. I smashed the brick work and almost killed him. I caused him a back injury. My parents decided it was the last straw. They went searching for a pack away from humans. My temper was all over the place. I couldn't stop it, and they knew I wasn't doing it on purpose."

"All wolves handle their change differently. Our moods and our strength come in at different times. In rare occasions like yours, they come in together. Your anger fed your strength and vice versa."

"Either way, we couldn't stay at home. I was the cause for us moving. There was nothing anyone could do." She turned around, keeping her back to the window. "For several months they went searching until they discovered The Clan. It's a pack east of here. It's not covered in mountains, but it's ruled by a man named Chain."

"I know who Chain is. I've never met him before, but I know who he is."

"When we first arrived everything was fine. The pack was loving and accepted us without question. I found friends and was able to flourish. I had my first turning at the age of thirteen. I'd been having the mood swings and monthly cycles close to a year by the time of my first turning." She licked her lips. Remembering the early years with Chain was difficult. Her parents really thought they had hit the jackpot. "I got through my first turning with about five others." Victoria stopped when she realized three of the five were already dead. "Erm, then I hit eighteen, and everything changed. Chain was never the easiest man to get along with, but he wasn't always difficult either." Running fingers through her hair she couldn't believe she hadn't run when she had the chance. "He found a way around hurting his pack."

Scorch tensed. "What the hell do you mean? It's impossible. No alpha can hurt their pack."

"Chain tried, and many times his wolf took over stopping him. Then he simply stopped lashing out. We all thought he'd gotten over his problems. He didn't." Closing her eyes, she felt herself shake recalling the first time Chain hurt a pack member and the shock as all realized they were not safe. "Those cuts and bruises were caused by him. Chain did everything to me."

"Okay, I think you need to start from the f**king beginning with Chain. I get everything about your pack, and you couldn't leave because you believed you had to stay to show loyalty, right?"

"Yes. He came out to the barn where we were all working. We were harvesting food to get ready for the winter. He entered carrying this long silver chain. It was thick with each link coiled together. I watched him come inside." She chuckled even though she found no humor in what she was talking about. "There was a man, Gus I think his name was. He was joking around, having a bit of fun. Chain walked up to him and told him that none of his pack slacked off with jokes." She stopped as the memory swamped her. Rubbing her wrists, she stared at Scorch to try to ground her. "He raised the steel and used it as a whip. I remember expecting his wolf to come out, but it didn't. Chain found a way to hurt everyone."

"How?"

Looking at Scorch she saw the paleness of his face.

"Providing he didn't touch us, skin to skin, then his wolf didn't come out."

"Why didn't any of you run? Find another pack and report him?" Scorch stood and started pacing.

"A man and a woman did. They got about ten miles out when Chain caught them. He wrapped the steel around their necks and dragged them back to us. While we watched, terrified, he hurt them stripping them of their flesh without once touching them. He warned us all that if we thought we could leave him without a consequence then he would do that to every member of his pack."

Scorch had his hands on his hips. "This is f**king insane. Chain is f**king insane."

She wasn't going to argue with him. He was sort of preaching to the choir.

"What did he want you to do with me?" Scorch asked.

Tears filled her eyes. "I couldn't do it. You should have let me fall out of the f**king window." She turned back looking out over the scenery.

In the next instant, she was pressed down on the bed with Scorch over her. "You're not going to kill yourself. I won't let you. I've let you deny everything else, but it's time for you to know that we're f**king mates." His touch soothed her rioting nerves. "Now, tell me why you were tied to the tree."

"He wants me to lure you out at some point so he can kill you."

"Why you?" he asked.

"I don't know. It's punishment because I wouldn't have sex with him. He tried to be with me, but his touch disgusted me. The wolf wouldn't let him get close to me at all." Tears fell from her eyes as she looked at him. "I'm supposed to distract you so he can kill you. I can't do it. He said you were a danger to his pack. I don't know why. All I know is that I'm to get you to fall for me and lure you out to him."

"When? Where?"

"I don't know. I swear, I don't know the answer to anything else. He scares me, Scorch. I will do anything he says, but I can't put your life at risk."

He stared at her for several minutes. "Where are your parents?"

"He killed them. I've got no one."

"You're wrong about that. You've got me." He climbed off the bed, leaving her to look after him. "Follow me."

Scorch opened the door, and she had no choice but to follow him.

****

Walking down the hall, he knocked on the door to David's room. His friend opened the door so only his head was visible.

"I'm kind of busy, alpha."

"We've got pack business to handle. Mandy is in charge of looking after Victoria." Scorch kept hold of the woman by his side. He was angry at her and at the life she'd led without him even knowing it. Chain made him even angrier. Scorch had heard of the alpha but never actually met him. Some of the other alphas believed there was too much danger and anger inside Chain. What were they going to think when he told them all the truth?

There was no easy way to deal with the situation he'd stumbled into.

"Let me get dressed."

David closed the door. He heard Mandy asking questions. His friend tried to keep the answers cryptic.

Seconds later David opened the door, and Mandy stood there looking worried.

"Keep an eye on her. She's your responsibility."

"Yes, alpha."

Taking the lead, Scorch headed toward the privacy of his study. The people they passed looked somber the moment they looked at him. Closing the door he headed to the window to stare out over his grounds.

"What is going on?" David asked.

"I started asking questions, and she gave me the whole story." Running a hand down his face, Scorch couldn't believe the danger she was in. He believed her when she said she didn't want to hurt him or cause any problems for his pack or for him. "It's bad, David. Really f**king bad."

"Maybe it will help if you tell me about it."

Hands on hips, he turned back to his friend and told him everything Victoria told him.

"Holy f**k."

"Yeah, my thoughts exactly," Scorch said, taking a seat to try and clear his head.

"What would he achieve in killing you?" David asked.

"There is a loophole in everything. We're paranormal beings, and there are witches and shit out there. Fuck, I can't think clearly." Opening his desk drawer he pulled out the file that he kept on the other alphas' contact details. His father had kept a file on everything, which had been passed down to him when he took over as alpha. "So, I'm bound to my wolf. He's the alpha, and I'm a vessel for him that binds me to all of you. Anyway, that connection between wolf and man can be broken, but it requires an alpha to shatter their soul, which will break the connection."

"Which is?"

"Killing another alpha. No one has even tried to do it that I know of. We're bound by our wolves, and they make us better alphas. Our pack is our main priority."

"Chain wants to kill you in order to separate his wolf so he can do what?"

Standing back up, Scorch needed to think. "Tori mentioned the fact he couldn't force himself on her or other women. I'm guessing he wants to separate the two so he can do whatever the hell he wants. I've never met him. I know people who have."

"Then get them on the phone. He can't hurt you, Scorch. This is too f**king important."

Scorch agreed. He opened the file and started dialing the first number.

"He hurt Tori and ordered her to come here?" David asked.

"Yeah. I never told you this, but she wanted to kill herself that first night. She was ready to jump out of the window to end it all. I know you don't trust her."

"She's been through a lot. The fact she's told you the truth puts her back up in esteem in my book. I'm sorry for causing this shit-storm."

Scorch nodded. "I don't want anyone treating her differently."

"No one will know what happened until you tell them."

For the next half an hour Scorch got in touch with over five alphas from packs in the surrounding areas. They all agreed to make their way north for a meeting in three days. He would need to set off tomorrow to make it there in time. Going back to David's room, he took Victoria back to her room, making sure the window was closed before going to his own.

David was rounding up three more men to go with them for protection. Staring outside of the window, he downed two glasses of brandy one after the other. The expensive taste didn't register with him.

When he heard his door opening, he knew Victoria was the one responsible for invading his peace.

"I'm sorry," she said, whispering the words.

Turning to look at her, he saw she wore a long nightshirt. On closer inspection he recognized it was one of his old shirts.

"What are you sorry for?" he asked, pouring himself another drink.

"I didn't want to do what Chain asked. I wanted to tell. I just didn't know how." She wrapped her arms around her body as if she was trying to ward off the pain.

"I don't hold you responsible for what happened, Tori. Far from it."

"You won't even look at me."

He held her gaze letting her know he didn't have any problem looking at her. "I've not got any issues with you, baby."

"Then why are you holding yourself back? I know David hates me, and I bet all of the pack hates me."

The glass he'd been holding crushed in his palm. She yelped, jumping back.

"None of the pack will be saying a word to you. David knows the truth, and he's aware of the fact you didn't want to do it. I'm trying to process everything you've told me, Tori. It's not like you've told me you prefer women to men. What Chain is doing and what he's got planned is f**king serious."

Looking out of the window he tried to stop the anger from developing into something more.

"I know."

"No, you don't understand. Chain hurting his pack and then wanting to kill another alpha goes against everything that makes us leaders. If he succeeds in killing another alpha then we're all done for. It's a natural balance for us to lead without inflicting harm on another pack member."

The tears coming from her eyes were killing him.

"I need you to know that I couldn't have done it. I'd rather die than lead you to him."

"I'm a lot stronger than you give me credit."

"No, he knows how to hurt you. If you attack him that makes you vulnerable if your wolf forces the change. I know it makes you all hurt once the change is forced. Please, understand what he's capable of."

Closing the distance, he cupped her face staring into her eyes. They were such a beautiful green and filled with so much worry. "I know what he's capable of. I'm not stupid, and I will never put myself or my pack in any danger, do you understand me?"

He cupped her cheek, and she sank against him. Her hands held onto the shirt covering his chest. Scorch hadn't changed since their confrontation.

"If anything happens to you I would never forgive myself."

"I'm sorry about your parents."

She gasped. "Thank you. It has been so long I haven't even processed what the hell is happening to me. One moment they're there in my life, and the next moment my father warns me to be careful. I can't do this."

Tilting her head back he stared into her face.

Take care of her. She needs us now more than ever.

Dropping his head down, he touched her lips with his own. "I will never let anything happen to you or to me."

"I can't lose you as well."

"Are you making some sort of declaration?" he asked, teasing.

"I don't know what I'm making. I also don't know how you can be so glib at a time like this."

Taking hold of her head, he pressed her palm against his heart. "You feel that?"

She nodded, wiping away her tears.

"I'm alive. I'm breathing. My heart is beating, and my c**k is getting hard because I want you, Tori. Nothing has changed between us. I still want you, and when all of this goes away I will want you afterwards."

"Stay with me tonight," she said.

"No, you know what I agreed to."

"I don't care. If something goes wrong and if he knows what I did, then we're not safe." Her hands were rubbing up and down his chest becoming more insistent as the seconds passed. "I don't want to risk being in Chain's hands with him being my first." She looked up at him, melting him. "I want you to be my first, Scorch."

"What are you asking?" He knew what she was asking, but she had to say it out loud before he even considered taking the next step with her.

She breathed deeply and looked up at him. "I want you to be my first," she said. "Scorch, I want you to f**k me."

His c**k took on a mind of its own as it stared at her. Fuck yeah, he wanted to be her first and last lover. Dropping his head down, he claimed her lips.

Chapter Seven

Scorch's tongue plundered her mouth, and Victoria moaned as he swept inside meeting her own. She gripped the fabric of his shirt within her fists needing him to take away the ache building inside her. When he left her inside her room she'd not known what to think or to feel. He was the first man to confuse her with his actions without even trying.

"You're so beautiful," he said, breaking the kiss. His hand held the back of her neck holding her in place.

"You think I'm beautiful?"

"Yes. No one has made me burn like you do."

Her heart soared at his words. No one had ever told her she was beautiful before. Apart from her parents but they didn't count. Most parents were biased about their children. She had stood looking out of the window knowing in her heart what she wanted. Victoria wanted his arms wrapped around her, forcing all the bad memories away. There was no chance of her getting any peace tonight, not with everything that had happened so far.

Knowing he was meeting with other pack members didn't help her nerves. Every second he was away from his pack left him vulnerable. Chain terrified her while Scorch tempted her with so much more.

"Then I will spend the rest of our lives together telling you how beautiful you are." His fingers soothed out the tension within her neck. He brought her up close against him. "Now kiss me like you want me."

Wrapping her arms around his neck, Victoria kissed him with all the pent up frustration that had been building inside her from their first meeting.

Opening her lips, she plundered her tongue into his mouth, giving him no chance to pull away. She held on tight never wanting to let go. His hands left her neck and slid down to cup her ass drawing her closer to his body.

"You're going to make this harder for me to say no and walk away, aren't you?" he asked.

"Of course."

"Tori, you're talking about your virginity."

"Chain tried to take it from me. I never wanted him or anyone else. You're the only person I want, Scorch. Please, I want to make love to you. I want you to take me on that bed and f**k me. I've read all about it and watched it in f**king movies, but I've never experienced it. I want my world to shatter from pleasure. Can you give me that or not?" She lost her temper at him being considerate of her innocent state. What kind of man was he that he didn't want to just claim her?

Don't read too much into it.

In one slick move Scorch had her pressed against the wall. His hands took hold of hers locking them beside her head. "You want to be f**ked, Tori?"

She moaned, nodding her head as his lips kissed down her neck. Heat flooded her pu**y, and she was practically begging for so much more.

"You want my big c**k in your little pu**y?" he asked, nibbling her neck.

"Yes."

He released her stepping back. "Then get me naked, Tori. Take the lead so I know you're telling the truth."

Her hands shook as she reached out to tug at his shirt. Scorch didn't help her at all. The shirt tore in her grip, and she threw it aside. He stared into her eyes as she searched for his belt buckle.

"You better be ready for this, baby. Once I start f**king you, you're mine." He stopped and grabbed her wrist. "I want you to be aware of the fact that once we cross this line, you'll be agreeing to be my mate for the rest of your life."

"What?" she asked, pausing in her attempt to undress him.

"Chain sent you here as alpha bait, but I'm going to claim you as my mate. I was going to wait until you accepted your place within my pack."

She released her hold on his jeans. "I can't be the queen in your pack. They all know why I was here."

"No, they don't. They will all know the truth about you helping me. You haven't put me in any danger, and I think you forget that fact. I'm alive. You're alive, and we can do this. I promise you we can fix this." He held her hand in his.

Looking down she saw how much bigger he was than she.

"Our wolves are destined to be together." He drew her close rubbing his cheek against hers. "Feel them, Tori. Feel how much they want each other." She closed her eyes feeling her wolf close to the surface.

Ours.

"See, I can feel her as well, Tori. She wants me, and she's very possessive. I bet she would hate Lidia."

Victoria couldn't stop the growl of anger at his assessment. She hated the thought of the other woman knowing anything about Scorch.

He's ours.

"Agree to be my mate and I'll give you everything." He took her mouth, plundering her mouth at the same time he cupped her br**sts in his palm. Her body no longer felt like her own.

"Yes, I'll be your mate." She reached for his belt, tugging down his jeans. Scorch reached for her tearing the shirt from her body.

In no time at all they were completely naked.

Wrapping her fingers around his shaft, she felt the heat of him pulsing against her palm.

"Fuck, that feels good," he said, groaning.

He covered her hand with his own.

"Harder."

She held him tighter in her fist, pumping the length. "That's right, baby." His hands caressed up and down her back. "Enough."

He tugged her hand away, leading her to his bed. Climbing onto the bed, she circled his neck and slammed her lips down on his. They both moaned.

"God, I love your curves."

His hands gripped her hips, reaching around to squeeze her ass. Scorch looked taken by her body.

Loving the feel of his arousal against her, she took his lips once again. He kissed down her neck, sucking on her flesh until he marked her. Teeth bit down into her flesh marking her with his alpha bite.

"Now you're real bait I've taken a bite out of." Down he kissed until he teased her br**sts. His palms cupped her mounds, tweaking the ni**les before his lips took over, biting down on the buds. "Such pretty tits." He spent equal attention between the two, sucking, licking, and nibbling.

Her body became his to please at his will.

When he was finished with her br**sts he kissed down her stomach until he went down further to kiss her rounded stomach. Heat filled her cheeks as the embarrassment washed over her at the size of her stomach.

Scorch opened her legs wide. She felt him tease the lips of her sex, exposing her clit.

"I'm going to f**k you soon, Tori. You're going to be filled with my cum and know who you belong to."

She didn't feel scared, excited more than anything else. "Please."

"This is going to be a long night for you, baby." He stroked her cl*t with his tongue.

Crying out, Victoria wasn't ready for the sensation of his tongue on her body. He was burning her alive from his touch. He teased the entrance of her pu**y without entering her. His fingers held her open to his mouth. Biting down onto her lip she tried to contain her screams.

"I want the whole pack to know what I'm doing to you. Scream, Tori. Let them know who owns you." He nibbled on her bud, and she couldn't stop the scream pouring out of her mouth.

The pleasure of his lips intensified making it hard for her to focus on anything else. Panting, she gripped the sheet beneath her as he brought her to the edge of orgasm. He kept the peak from her only allowing her to dangle on the edge.

"You're mine," he said.

"I'm yours." She agreed with him, hoping he would stop the burning inside her.

"Good." He threw her over the edge of bliss.

Victoria screamed and shuddered as her orgasm slammed through her taking her into an entirely different world. Throughout it all, Scorch held her tightly working her cl*t with his fingers.

She felt him settle between her thighs, rubbing her cl*t throughout her orgasm.

"I'm sorry, baby. This is going to hurt a little, but soon it will feel so f**king wonderful."

Through her orgasm Victoria felt something probing her pu**y. Then she realized it was the tip of his c**k pressing against her core. His hands left her pu**y, and then he thrust deep inside her. Scorch broke through the thin barrier of her virginity claiming her body for his own.

****

Her screams of pain echoed around the room. Scorch's wolf knew they were claiming their little wolf for their own and didn't try to break free, which he was thankful for. Being forced to turn right now wouldn't suit either of their needs. Her tight cunt gripped him, and he forced himself to stay still inside her.

"Baby, I've got you," he said, soothing her.

Tears shone in her eyes as she stared up at him.

"I didn't mean to hurt you."

"I know. It hurts for most women the first time."

He took each of her hands, pressing them to the bed beside her head. Leaning down he kissed her cheek, going to her neck and stroking his tongue along her collarbone. Her pu**y rippled around his shaft. Closing his eyes, he focused on her body drawing out her arousal.

"I've got you, Tori. I'm going to make you feel so good." Taking one of her ni**les into his mouth, he sucked the bud in deep. She arched into his touch.

"Please, Scorch. I'm ready for more."

Her slick heat was nice and warm coating his shaft.

"Then thrust up to me. Fuck my cock."

Scorch stayed still as she started to move and f**k herself on his shaft. He turned to her other breast, lavishing the bud with more attention. She worked herself into a frenzy, and only when he was sure that she no longer felt pain did he draw himself back. Releasing her hands he stared down at where his c**k was visible inside her.

"You're so tight." He pressed his thumb against her slick clit.

Her pu**y clenched like a fist, squeezing him, increasing the pleasure. Moaning, he slowly drew out of her pu**y and slid back inside. All the time he played with her clit, watching her lose control as he fingered her.

"Please, Scorch," she said, whimpering.

"You want me to f**k you hard?"

"You're teasing me."

Smiling, he swiveled his h*ps filling her up differently.

"I'll always tease you. Beg me to f**k you, Tori. I want to hear the words spill from you lips."

"I can't do that."

"Yes, you can."

Her checks were flushed. He imagined part of the flush was down to arousal while the other reason was because of embarrassment. "I'm not going to go faster or give you what you want until I hear you beg me."

Slowing down his thumb, he made sure every move, every single caress took her closer to what she needed but always held back from her being satisfied.

She hit the bed, growling out her frustration.

"Say the words, and I'll give you want you want."

Another growl emitted from her lips. Chuckling, he stopped teasing her pu**y, watching her splinter apart under his control instead. She didn't want to give in to him, yet the only way she could achieve pleasure would be to give him what he wanted most.

"Fine. Scorch, please, f**k me. Give me your cock. Make it hurt, f**k me hard."

He didn't give her chance to finish her statement. Scorch pulled out of her and then rammed in hard. She screamed. Her hands went to his arms as he f**ked her hard with several deep strokes. Scorch wasn't touching her cl*t as he went in hard.

She thrust up to meet him, surprising him with her need. Victoria succumbed to his passion, opening her body up to him.

"Please, I can't stand it."

Reaching down, he teased her clit, and within seconds of touching her cl*t she exploded around his cock. He drove in to her, over, and over again, slamming inside.

His balls tightened unbearably, and with one final thrust he slammed inside her, his cum spilling into her waiting cunt. The grip he had on her h*ps tightened, and he growled through the pleasure.

Stars appeared before his eyes making him feel weak from the sensation.

Scorch held himself up on his arms even though he felt weak from what had just happened. Opening his eyes, he stared down into her bright green ones. A smile appeared on her lips, and he couldn't stop himself. Leaning down, he claimed her lips, cementing his need for her once more.

"That was amazing," she said. She reached up, stroking his cheek with her fingers. When she caressed across his lips, he teased her by biting down and growling.

She giggled, and the sound soothed the beast within him. "I'm not a virgin anymore."

"No, you're not. Your virginity belongs to me."

He slid to the side with his flaccid c**k still deep inside her. Scorch lay on the bed holding her close. He didn't want to move yet or risk his cum leaving her body. Something primal struck him hard. With his cum inside her body every male wolf would know who she belongs to until he could claim her properly. The need to rub his seed all over her body was strong inside him. His teeth lengthened once again with the desire to strike and add another mark to her body. Instead, he stroked her neck feeling her pulse beat wildly against his fingers.

"I'm glad. You're the only one who has made me feel like this," she said, touching his arm.

"You're the only woman who has left me feeling like this as well." He couldn't describe it, but it was like all other women hadn't come before.

"What do you mean? You're not a virgin." Her smile was wide and then turned into a scowl. "In fact I recall a woman called Lidia not so long ago who used to be your means of blowing off steam. A f**k buddy I seem to recall."

"She meant nothing to me. You can try and keep me at arms' length over Lidia, but we both know she wasn't part of my pack."

"Lidia wanted to be part of your pack. Actually, she wanted to be your queen."

"Then you better be prepared, baby, because you're the queen I want by my side." He kissed her lips, stroking a hand down her back and squeezing her butt.

"I don't know how you can want me after what I've done."

Cupping her cheek, he stared into her green eyes. "You've done nothing. How can I have a problem with the woman who only wants to protect me?"

She caressed his lips with the tips of her fingers. "I feel like I've entered some kind of dream world. This doesn't feel real at all."

"We're wolves, Tori. We're not really living in the real world and haven't been for a long time." He kissed her again. "Come on, let's shower."

He picked her up, carrying her through to the bathroom. Turning on the water, he laughed at her squeal as the cold water rushed out of the tap.

"You did that on purpose."

"Of course I did." Scorch grabbed the soap and started to massage it into her flesh. Her squealing stopped, turning into a guttural moan. His c**k thickened at feeling her plump flesh beneath his hands. She was so f**king beautiful she took his breath away.

Rubbing his hands up and down her body, between her thighs, he felt the excitement start to build once again. His scent covered her pu**y. Scorch wanted his scent in her mouth, pu**y, and ass. He was possessed with the need to own every square inch of her body.

"This is insane. You're ready to go again?"

Scorch slipped a finger through her folds feeling her arousal coating his digits. "Fuck, you're ready for me, baby. Don't deny it. I know what you want." He groaned sinking two fingers into her sweet tight cunt.

His control slipped. Pressing her against the glass of the shower door, he tugged on her h*ps and slid his rock hard c**k deep inside.

She cried out, and he covered her mouth with his hand. "Be quiet," he said.

The wolf stood to attention.

Mark her.

Claim her.

Make her ours.

Ignoring the need, he pounded inside her body. He fingered her cl*t at the same time as he f**ked her. The wolf wanted out, but Scorch wouldn't let him. They were not one, and he wasn't hurting Victoria.

"I'm coming," she said, gasping.

Slamming inside her, Scorch pushed her over the edge at the same time as finding his own release, spilling his cum into her waiting depths.

The only sound to be heard over the rushing water of the shower was the sound of their breathing.

"I can't think," she said.

"Good, we're mates, Tori. There is no going back. I don't look at you and think about what you said. I know you couldn't lure me to my death. We're nothing to do with that. This is something new, something powerful. Don't you feel it?" he asked.

"Yes, I feel it, but I'm not used to feeling this way at all."

Turning her head, he dropped a kiss to her lips. He was a lot taller than she was.

"You'll never feel this way again with anyone else. I can promise you that. You're my mate, and I'll do everything in my power to protect you."

For both of their sakes, he hoped he spoke the truth.

Chapter Eight

Scorch had been away for three days, and for three days Victoria couldn't stop thinking about him. He'd taken her virginity in the most amazing way. After the shower sex he'd spent the whole night making love to her. When it came to morning he wasn't to be seen. He had left her to go meet with the other alphas. Knowing where he was going and why, the worry set in completely. She hoped Chain didn't have a clue what he was doing.

"You've done nothing but sit here, biting your nails. It's a disgusting habit," Mandy said, handing over a cup of steaming coffee. The morning after Scorch filled her with his seed, the pack looked at her differently.

His scent surrounded her, protecting her from their malice. Mandy assured her none of the pack felt that way toward her. She didn't completely believe her. The Clan would have punished her, not embraced her as one of their members.

"I know. I'm sorry."

"You keep it up and I'll cover your fingers in vinegar. Stop worrying. David won't let anything happen to Scorch and vice versa."

"I can't help it. I feel like something bad is going to go wrong." Sipping at the strong black coffee, she wrinkled her nose. "I hate black coffee."

"Deal with it. You won't eat or drink, you get what I give you." Mandy took a sip of her own, smiling. They sat in Scorch's study looking at each other. "What was it like in the other pack?"

"Horrible. It was the worst time of my life."

"David told me you lost your family?" Mandy asked.

"Yeah, my alpha killed them, or at least he sent them to their death." Wiping the tears from her eyes, she tried to focus on something else beside everything Chain had taken away from her.

"I'm so sorry. There are no words to speak for losing someone you love."

Victoria smiled at the other woman. "There's nothing you can do. Please, can we talk about something else?"

"Sure. We need to go shopping later today. Do you want to come?" Mandy asked.

"I can't. I'm not allowed to leave."

Mandy chuckled. "We still need to eat, and Arnold is taking us. He's more than capable of keeping us protected. You need to get out before you go f**king crazy sitting here waiting. Scorch and the men will not be back for a few more days."

"Why can't they take cars?" Victoria asked, missing Scorch's arms around her, protecting her.

"Where they're going cars would be useless. They're going to a neutral territory where no one can hunt or detect them." Mandy took another sip of her coffee. "I promise, everything will be taken care of."

The thought of going shopping cheered her up.

"Be warned, we're not going clothes shopping or anything," Mandy said.

"Nah, I don't want to go to the clothes shop." Standing up, she placed the bitter coffee on the coaster on the coffee table. "I've love to come with you. Let me go and brush my hair." She looked at the long red length, wincing. Parts of her hair looked matted. With Scorch gone she'd not even been bothered to comb her hair. "I look a mess."

"Hallelujah." Mandy shouted the word up to the ceiling. "I was wondering when you were going to start realizing about your person hygiene. Get your ass upstairs and presentable."

Victoria walked upstairs, brushed her hair while trying to stop crying out from the pain. Once she had the length back under control, she grabbed a pair of sneakers and headed downstairs. Mandy was standing at the front door with a large man with no hair.

"This is Arnold."

Nodding at him, Victoria smiled. He offered a hand, which she shook. Before she could ask anything else he headed outside.

"He's talkative, isn't he?" Mandy asked.

"What's wrong with him?"

"Nothing. He just doesn't like to talk." Mandy walked out of the door. "Are you coming?"

Victoria followed them out. She wasn't looking at the scenery. Her thoughts were consumed by Scorch, his touch, and what he was doing.

"You're still worried?" Mandy asked.

"I can't help it. I know how dangerous Chain is. He won't give up until he gets what he wants."

"Scorch won't let anything happen to you." Mandy squeezed her arm.

"I'm not worried about me. I'm more worried about another alpha. If Chain can't have Scorch, he'll find someone else to take his place." Victoria was so scared of what it all meant.

"The alphas know what to do. Some of them are so old. They all have books they consult that talk about an alpha before them. Scorch keeps diaries in his office about his time. His father before him and so on all kept them. I promise you, the alphas will know what to do." Mandy looked out of the window. "I want you to know that I'm thankful you came forward and didn't go through with it."

"What do you mean?"

"David and Scorch were the best of friends growing up. They've been through it all. Scorch was best man at my and David's wedding. He was there at our mating." Mandy stopped, rubbing her hands down her thighs. "If something happened to Scorch, David will follow him. There is no way my man would allow Scorch to walk to his death. Thank you for telling the truth. I couldn't live without my David."

"Scorch is the nicest man I know. I'm not the kind of person who can do that." Tears filled her eyes, remembering the pain. "When Chain was hurting me, I knew I'd rather die than be forced to do something I didn't want to do."

"Do you love him?" Arnold asked.

Jerking to the front, she saw the man glaring at her.

"Yes, I love him." The words were out before she got chance to stop them. "I love Scorch." She smiled as the words didn't make her feel alarmed but happy, really happy. They arrived at the store thirty minutes later. Arnold hadn't spoken a word after his question. Climbing out, she followed Mandy around the supermarket. As they were nearing the meat section, she spotted the toilet. "I'm just going to go and freshen up."

"Okay, what's your favorite, lamb or beef?" Mandy asked.

"Whatever everyone else likes." She opened the door to the toilet, walking to the sink. Staring at her reflection she wondered if she could see any real sign of her lost virginity. Her neck was covered in marks from his lips. She shivered remembering what it felt like to have his lips on her body.

You're in love with him.

"Who would have thought?" She looked at the water in the sink with her hands inside. "Everything is going to be all right."

The light overhead flickered. Looking up she frowned before returning her attention to her reflection. Behind her stood Chain with his arms folded, glaring at her. He didn't move but looked her up and down. She couldn't believe she was looking at him. Her heart raced as he tugged out the silver chain he kept around his belt.

She made a mad dash for the door, but he caught her. The chain touched her skin, and he did not.

"What the f**k are you doing here? Where is the f**king alpha I asked you to bring me?" He snarled the words close to her face. Victoria wished he would just touch her and get it over with. Once he touched her, the forced change would occur. As she clawed at the chain around her neck, he tugged, spinning her back to face him.

Victoria couldn't speak. He leaned in close inhaling her scent. "You've f**ked him then." His nostrils flared with his anger.

Tears were bright in her eyes as she looked at him.

Mandy, someone, help me.

No one was coming to her rescue. She was all alone with a mad alpha. Victoria wasn't an idiot. There was no way she was stronger than he was.

Whimpering, she looked in his eyes seeing the real evil lurking there. While she'd been with Scorch Victoria had forgotten about the evil in the other man.

"Scorch's c**k is good enough for your tight cunt but I'm not?" he asked, growling at her.

She remained silent, terrified of saying the wrong thing.

"Get me Scorch and I'll let you live. You've got a week, and then I'm coming for you. He can't keep you protected, Victoria. Don't think for a second he knows what he's doing because he doesn't. You're my bitch, and you'll learn your f**king place once and for all."

He let go of the chain, turned and jumped out of the bathroom window. Looking up at the window she saw where he'd come from. There was no getting away from him at all. She wasn't safe so long as he was alive.

Crying, tears spilled over her cheeks. With Chain alive, no one was safe, not even her.

****

"What are you trying to say, son?" the eldest alpha, Edward, who looked in his late fifties but had to be close to a hundred and fifty asked. Scorch looked at all the alphas wishing he knew what else to say.

"Chain, the leader of The Clan, is planning to separate the bond between wolf and man." Scorch looked at David, who simply nodded at him. "He's going to kill me so he is the one in control."

Another alpha that looked to be a few years younger, leaned in close whispering, "I know, Alfred. This is all disturbing to say the least." Edward held his hand up. "We know who you're talking about, and we were planning an intervention of some sort, but we didn't have any proof."

"What proof do you have?" Alfred asked.

"My mate. I found her bound to a tree waiting with multiple wounds over her skin. She'd been washed of all scent. I took her in and nursed her back to health with the help of my pack. We're a destined mated pair, and once this is over I will be taking her as my own. Her family has died at the hands of this monster along with many others."

"This is not proof," Alfred said.

"I'm speaking clearly for you all to get the picture of the risk her life is in. She was sent to gain my affection, lead me out to make me vulnerable, so Chain could kill me. If she hadn't fallen for me, I fear it could have happened. Any male who feels the need to mate is vulnerable. Without knowing about Chain's true intentions, I would have been defenseless. We all know that an alpha killing a fellow alpha is not what our laws allow. We're bound by our wolf to be good to our pack. Chain has found a way to hurt his pack without forcing on the change."

The men started to mutter, and Scorch continued on.

"Providing he doesn't make skin to skin contact the wolf will not come out. He is free to hurt them, and according to my mate his choice of weapon is a f**king silver chain. I say we've got our f**king proof. This man is going to try to kill an alpha, and once that happens he will be more powerful than all of us combined. There will be no stopping him once he achieves his goal." Scorch stopped, looking at all the alphas in turn. They were finally understanding the gravity of what he was saying. "I'm not here to cause waves with you. This man is dangerous. An entire pack along with all of our kind is at risk. I'm asking, no I'm begging, you all to realize the severity of the situation."

David reached out, touching his arm. "They know what you're saying, alpha. Let them all think about what you've got to say before you do anything radical."

Nodding, he took a step back. His heart was racing. He needed to know what they were all thinking and feeling. Turning away, he ran fingers through his hair in order to do something with his hands.

"I hate this," he said, talking to David.

"I know. You're doing what you can. Give them a breather. Allow them to make a decision."

The time passed slowly, painfully slowly. He looked up at the sky wishing there was something more he could be doing. Instead, he stood waiting for their input.

After what felt like an eternity but was only a few minutes, they called him back. Heading inside, David at his side, he faced the other alphas.

"Over a hundred years ago there was a man like you talk about. He, erm, he didn't like being at the mercy of his wolf, and so he killed a fellow alpha taking the mate of the deceased, control of the pack, and also breaking the bond with his wolf," Edward said. Scorch saw Edward was troubled by what he was saying.

"Why are you telling me this?" Scorch asked.

"No alpha could kill him. If we take out a fellow alpha then we break our bond with our wolf." Edward sighed. "The problem was this man went mad. The power inside him was too much for him to handle. No alpha can stop anyone who breaks that bond."

"We can't leave Chain like this. He will kill an alpha, and then you've got the same problem." Scorch rubbed his eyes, feeling more tired than he ever had throughout his life. "What other suggestion do you have?" he asked. "How did you defeat this other man?"

"With no end in sight to his torment, this alpha, this abomination, started killing men, women, and children of his surrounding pack. There was no stopping him at all."

"This is not a great story," David said.

"Like all bad men, an end was in sight, but the true alpha of the pack had been born. This boy grew up in a good pack that was slowly brought to its knees by this abomination. Then, the alpha attacked his mother, and this young boy rose up above all the others. He killed the alpha with a strike of his steel blade, taking the pack and creating a new alpha with fresh blood," Edward said.

"What are you saying? We've got to find the true alpha of The Clan pack? Chain is the true alpha," Scorch said, getting angrier.

"You're too young, Scorch. You and your friend are too young to understand these details. That is not the entire story. For the last hundred years I've been studying this strange occurrence that happens within some alphas." Edward looked at the other alphas. "When one alpha starts this battle of becoming evil, hurting the pack and trying to kill other alphas, there is someone within the same pack who has the power to take the pack from him," Edward said.

"You're saying the answer to our problems is actually living in The Clan pack right this instant?" Scorch asked.

"Yes, we couldn't act accordingly the last time something like this occurred on our soil." Edward took a deep breath. "That is no longer the case anymore. We can go, contain Chain, and the true alpha will rise up, show himself and be able to kill Chain, rising up to the alpha status. The loophole for the new alpha to kill Chain is the wolf's true passion is protection. Chain is no longer protecting his people. He's hunting and killing them. The new alpha is taking out a threat, which is why the bond will not break. The true intentions are within the heart and soul."

Scorch looked at all of them. The satisfaction was clear to see on all of their faces.

"If that's the case then we need to do it sooner rather than later," Scorch said, thinking about Victoria. He couldn't leave her alone with that maniac waiting to hurt her.

"We will."

Edward and Alfred along with the other alphas agreed on a date five days from then. Scorch and David agreed to be with them when they took control of Chain. They decided on the best course of action to get Chain vulnerable.

With every second that passed with a strategy in place, Scorch felt happier. Chain shouldn't be allowed the chance to hurt people. He would see to it that Victoria was not harmed.

Once they had concluded business, they all shook hands. Scorch and David headed out catching up with the other members of their pack who waited on the outskirts of the forest, protecting them. None of them spoke as they headed toward their homes. They stayed in wolf form on the run for the next three days only stopping when it was absolutely necessary.

They fed on the wildlife in wolf form, resting, drinking from lakes and rivers. All the time Scorch thought about his woman. When he saw home in sight, he picked up his speed. He was tired, but he'd rest over the coming days. The only thing he could think about was getting to his woman. At the back door he turned back into his human form, entering the house. He found Mandy sat at the table, crying.

"We're back," he said, frowning at her state. "What's going on?"

"It's Victoria."

Scorch ignored whatever else she had to say. Running up the stairs, he charged into her bedroom. She wasn't there. Going into his own bedroom, he found her curled up by the window, cupping her neck. Startled eyes met his. He hated seeing that look shining back at him.

"What the hell is going on?" he asked, approaching her.

She dropped her hand, and he saw the bruises on her flesh. Going to his knees, he looked at the marks, knowing without her saying a word who they were from. "I'm going to f**king kill him."

"You can't. It's what he wants." Her voice was croaky.

"How long ago did this happen?" he asked. His wolf was clawing to get out and take out the man who'd tried to hurt his woman.

"Three days ago, alpha," Arnold said. "They were a lot worse. They've faded a little."

Turning around he saw Arnold, Mandy, and David standing in the doorway. In Arnold's hands was a silver chain.

"She was so worried about you. I invited her to get some supplies," Mandy said, crying. "She went to the bathroom. When I noticed she'd been gone a long time I went looking for her. I found this wrapped around her neck. I think she passed out."

David was rubbing her shoulders trying to ease her.

"It was Chain," Victoria said. Her lip wobbled, and Scorch lost it.

"Get out!" He shouted the words out to the rest of his back. Scorch wanted to be alone with his woman, and they were only going to ruin his time with her. The door closed behind them leaving them alone. What the hell was he going to do?

Chapter Nine

Victoria stared into Scorch's concerned blue eyes. She had missed him over the last few days. Ever since Mandy found her passed out in the bathroom all she'd wanted was his arms around her telling her it would be all right. She felt like a pu**y, but it was what she needed from him.

"You're not leaving again, are you?" she asked.

"Not yet. There's stuff you need to know, but it can wait. All of it can wait. Can I hold you, Tori? It has been too f**king long since I had you in my arms." He didn't give her a chance to speak before he tugged her into his lap, sitting by the window. The sun was going down for the day highlighting the entire sky in different shades of red, gold, and yellow. Sinking his nose against her neck he inhaled her fragrance. She missed him so damn much in the last few days. What happened with Chain only made her miss him all the more.

"I missed you," she said.

"You're reading my mind, baby. I f**king missed you so much."

She chuckled, but she knew it was forced. Chain finding her had terrified her.

"I don't know how he knew where I was going. I mean, he shouldn't have known where I was going, should he?" she asked.

"I don't know. He'll never get the chance to hurt you again." He kissed her head. She wished she could believe his words. No one could protect her from Chain until he was dead.

"You'll need to kill him," she said.

"I can't kill him, baby. I promise you we've got a plan in place. We'll talk tomorrow."

He kissed her head.

Victoria didn't want pacifying. She needed to know the plan. Chain scared her, and if she was scared then the rest of her pack were scared. She couldn't just walk away like she always wanted to.

"Tell me now."

"You're tired." He kissed the fading marks around her neck. His touch made her shiver. Heat spilled between her thighs into her panties. Closing her eyes, she let out a moan, wishing with all of her might she could stop her reaction to his touch.

"No, I'm not tired. I'm fed up with having to live in fear. My family tried, and they lost their lives trying to get the right pack for me. I don't want to risk another's life because I didn't do the right thing." She held his hand where he caressed her cheek. "Please, Scorch, I love you. Tell me what's going to happen."

"You love me?"

She rolled her eyes. "That's all you can think about?"

"Do you love me?"

"Yes, I love you, Scorch. I love you so much I wonder how I can even think with the love I feel for you." She smiled up at him, drawing his hand down to her beating heart. "You're in here with me all the time. I promise you, it'll never change."

"Baby, I love you so f**king much." He slammed his lips down on hers. Victoria gave in to him feeling his tongue plunder her mouth. She moaned, opening up to his searching tongue.

Victoria turned in his arms, straddling his lap.

"No, I can't do this," she said, pulling away. "Tell me what you've got planned first." She pressed her fingers to his lips stopping him from kissing her.

"You're going to be difficult?"

"You bet your ass I am." She folded her hands under her br**sts, staring at him.

"Fine, in a couple of days I'm going to be heading out." His fingers played with the button of her shirt. "You're going to lure me out to where Chain wants me. The alphas are going to be close by when it happens. They'll follow us, and when Chain is about to attack they're going to surround him."

She dropped her arms seeing through their plan. "That's it? That's the fabulous plan? Chain will see through it. He will never risk his life like that."

He covered her mouth with his palm. "No. The alphas know what they're doing. They will not risk my or your life, I promise."

"Scorch, you're making a lot of promises you can't keep."

"No, I'm not. I trust this plan, and I trust them. They've handled something like this before."

Victoria froze. "Something like this has happened before? When?"

"A long time ago. They've studied it, and they're more prepared now than they've ever been before." He wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her close. "I wouldn't let anything happen to you."

She smiled, wishing there was something else she could say to him. Leaning down she pressed her lips to his, moaning as he stroked along the line of her lips.

"This plan needs you, Tori. I hate getting you involved after everything you've been through."

"I'll do everything you want me to. I'm not letting him get away with hurting any more people." She looked down at his stomach thinking about her parents. "He's taken too much from me. I won't let him win."

"That's my girl." His fingers sank into her hair, pulling her down to his lips. He stroked along her lips with his tongue then plundered her mouth. Whimpering, she cupped his face as the pleasure crashed through her. "I'm going to make love to you tonight."

"When will you mate me?" she asked, wanting more than anything to be his mate.

"We'll mate after all this crap is finished. I'll not be taking you before then. I don't want to risk being vulnerable." He lifted her chin up. "Make no mistake, Tori, you'll be my mate, and I'll never let you go again."

"You're not scaring me. Are you going to make love to me or not?" she asked, wanting his loving touch more than anything else.

He picked her up in his arms and carried her back through to the bathroom.

"Are you trying to tell me I stink?" she asked, sitting on the toilet seat as he left the shower settling for the bath.

"Honey, I've been running three days straight. I need a shower. I f**king stink. You're just going to be keeping me company, naked."

Lifting her shirt up, she started getting undressed as Scorch filled the bathtub with bubbles and plenty of hot water. He climbed in waiting for her to join him.

She grabbed the soap, getting in the hot water behind him.

"This is not how this works," he said.

"Nah, you've been running for three days. Let me take care of you." She kissed his neck, soaping his back.

Victoria took her time bathing his skin and washing all the mud from his fingers.

"Were you in human form or wolf?" she asked.

"Wolf. I run faster. I didn't want to leave you behind."

Smiling, she listened to him talk, washing his body. When she'd finished his hair, he pulled her in front of him and did the same.

By the time he picked her up out of the bath and carried her to the bed Victoria was aching for his touch. Closing her eyes, she cried out as he opened her legs, sliding his fingers through her slit. He opened her up sucking on her clit. They were both soaking wet from the bath.

"So f**king tasty. I missed this pretty little pu**y," he said, sliding down to f**k her with his tongue.

Gripping the sheets, she wrapped her legs around his neck, holding on as his tongue did wicked things to her. She'd missed him for more than his sinful body.

"I want to suck your cock, Scorch. Please, I want to give you pleasure."

He released her, turned her so that her head hung off the edge of the bed. Scorch gripped his c**k and slowly fed the tip into her mouth. She felt his hands either side of her hips. His h*ps slid forward sending his c**k deeper into her mouth.

Opening her lips, she swallowed him down relishing the taste of his cum.

Hands gripped her legs, and then she felt his wicked tongue circling her bud. Crying out, she bobbed her head on his shaft, wanting him to lose control and come.

He didn't force more of his dick into her mouth. Holding onto his legs, she thrust up to his tongue at the same time as taking his c**k deeper into her mouth until she swallowed the tip of him down.

****

Victoria's essence exploded on his tongue, and Scorch moaned at the taste. She really was a tasty female. Feeling her lips suck down on his shaft made it hard for him to concentrate on pleasing her. With her lips wrapped around him and her cream coating his tongue he was able to forget about all the problems he faced in the coming days.

Circling her bud, he slid down to f**k into her tight cunt. It had been too long, and he could no longer smell his cum inside her. He'd take care of that. Replacing his tongue with his fingers, he pressed three inside her as he tongued her clit. She shook underneath him. Never letting up his touch on her cl*t he f**ked her with his fingers.

Seconds later, she shook as her orgasm coated his fingers. He held her down with his body over hers, stopping her from fighting him.

Pulling out of her mouth, he wiped her juices from his chin.

"You didn't come," she said, pouting.

Chuckling, he climbed on the bed, turning her around so her head rested against the pillows. "I'm not going to come in that sweet mouth no matter how tempting you are."

She still pouted. Gripping his length he slid the tip between her creamy slit, coating his c**k with her natural cream. When he bumped her cl*t she jerked, moaning. "You're not being fair."

"I've spent the last three days without you. I'm making up for lost time." He slid down, pressing the tip to her tight hole. She cried out as he slowly sank into her tight cunt. "That's right, baby, take it all." Slamming in deep, he f**ked her hard with five harsh thrusts before he stopped, looking down at her.

Scorch wasn't in a hurry to be over with their time together.

"You're going to make me beg, aren't you?" she asked.

Her nails sank into his arms. Seeing the light bruising dotting her neck, Scorch felt the shame of not being able to protect his mate. Wolves were always supposed to be there to help their mate, and he'd failed.

We'll deal with him.

Scorch was going to make sure he got a front row seat at Chain's death.

Stop thinking about it.

Cutting the thoughts off immediately, Scorch stared down at her na**d br**sts. They were so full and round. He took one red tipped nipple into his mouth, sucking the bud in deep.

Moving onto the next nipple he gave it the same attention. She arched up, feeding her tits to his mouth. Her moans were driving him wild with need.

Pulling out of her pu**y, he moved back seeing his slick prick straining to get to her. Turning her onto her knees easily he slid into her from behind. Coating his fingers with her slick arousal he pressed two fingers to her ass.

Victoria didn't tense up as he pressed his fingers to her ass. Taking his time, he worked his fingers inside her at the same time he f**ked her pu**y, ramming in deep. When she was taking both of his fingers to the knuckles, he pulled out of her pu**y to slide his c**k into her ass. He felt possessed with the need to claim her, to show his domination over her.

She thrust back onto his c**k as he glided into her ass. Her arousal, along with his pr**cum leaking out, made it slick enough.

"That's it, baby, feel me f**k your ass."

Her moans urged him on, sliding in deep. There was no stopping him as he forged into her ass, over and over again. She fisted the bed as he took her hard. The last three days without her in his life had been a nightmare. Scorch couldn't stop even if he wanted to. There was nothing to stop him from f**king her, taking what he wanted but giving her what she needed.

"Fuck, Scorch, please."

"Touch your clit. I want you to come again. Give me your cum, Tori." She didn't argue with him. Sliding a hand between her thighs, she started to work her clit. He felt the answering tightness around his cock.

Pumping away inside her, he moaned as his balls tightened. "Hurry the f**k up, baby. I can't hold on much longer."

Her pleasured cries were the sweetest sounds he'd ever heard. Closing his eyes, he f**ked her ass feeling his pr**cum leaking into her. When her orgasm hit, Scorch forged inside her feeling his own release claim him.

Possessed by the need to mark her with his scent, he pulled out of her ass and coated her back with his cum. The white drops coated her back, and with his other hand he rubbed his seed in to her skin needing to feel like he'd marked her in some way.

"Why did you do that?" she asked.

"I needed to." He collapsed against her body knowing he'd take her back in the shower in a minute. The need to mark her was ebbing away, but it was taking its time.

Opening his eyes, he stared up at the ceiling. Victoria turned over, wrapping her arm around his chest.

"I love you," she said. "I'd love you no matter what you did. I don't care about Chain or the protection you're giving me. What I feel for you is real, and it feels alive inside me." She circled his heart with the tips of her fingers.

"I love you, too, baby." His wolf was humming, satisfied. Scorch noticed whenever she was close, his wolf eased from all tension. When they were together he felt whole. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he held her close never wanting to let go. The danger would be coming to them in the next couple of days. "I'm going to hurt that bastard for trying to kill you."

He felt her tense on him. "Don't hurt yourself or risk you turning into some kind of monster. I couldn't handle that. You're so much better than him."

"How do you know?" he asked.

"Your pack adores you. When you see the pack I come from you'll see the difference. You'll be shocked at it in fact. They deserve a lot more peace than they're getting from him." She shrugged, circling his nipple with her fingertips. "I'm sorry for making our time together morbid."

"It doesn't feel morbid to me." His seed coated her skin satisfying the animal part of him.

"I'm covered in your cum. I'm not surprised you don't feel morbid."

Scorch took her through to the bathroom, washing them both thoroughly before taking her back to the bedroom. Wrapping a blanket around them, he carried her toward the window. They lay together in each other's arms looking outside. "It's so totally beautiful," she said, sighing. "How has my life changed so much?"

"What do you mean?" He caressed the curve of her stomach wishing for more time with her. There never seemed to be enough time to him, and all he wanted to do was take her to bed, make love, eat, and rule a happy pack.

"Less than a month ago I was terrified of being noticed. I tried to stay out of Chain's way because I knew what he was capable of. Everyone was always on tenterhooks. Now, I'm so happy. I'm scared for what we're going to do, but I know we're going to get rid of them."

"Without Chain sending you to me you'd still be living in a nightmare," he said, pushing the red hair off her shoulder.

"Yeah, I can't help but feel weird about that. I hate him for everything he's done, but at the same time he brought us together."

Kissing her shoulder, he stared up at the night sky. "He's a monster, Tori, and he'd make sure you would suffer if you didn't give him what he wanted."

"I know. I'm not going to ruin things. I love you too much and this pack too much to risk hurting you."

Sitting in the darkness of the room, he slid inside her core feeling the heat of her cunt grip him tightly. Scorch made love to her, neither of them rushing to find completion. They were together and in love, and when they finally found release they found it together, crying out in harmony.

Taking her to bed, Scorch held her tightly as he started to relax after the long run.

Protect her first, then lay claim to her.

Scorch thought about the coming days and knew he would need to bring the rest of his pack up to speed before he went out and risked the whole of his life with what he was about to do.

Chapter Ten

It was the day, and Victoria was panicking. Scorch was outside chopping some firewood, and she knew what she needed to do. Mandy sat on the edge of the bed waiting. Victoria continued to pace up and down the room wishing there was something she could do to bring her whole world into focus.

"Your pacing is starting to hurt my head," Mandy said.

"I can't help it. I'm thinking, and I can't think sitting down. I have to pace." Pushing some hair out of her eyes, she looked up at the ceiling then down at the floor. Her mind was all over the place, scaring her.

"Scorch is waiting for you. So are David and the rest of the alphas. You need to do this, or you're never going to be free of him." Mandy was her voice of reason. Victoria couldn't believe it took her so long to finally have a friend in her life.

"I know. I know. I know. I know." This entire day was driving her insane. Last night she'd been in Scorch's arms as he made love and f**ked her. He'd taken her pu**y twice and then her ass once. "This is f**king insane. He's putting his life at risk by doing this."

"If you don't do this, Victoria, your parents and everyone you know would have died for nothing."

"I know that," she said, yelling the words and wincing. Her heart was racing. Glancing down at the front yard she saw Scorch pause in chopping wood. He looked up and smiled at her. Shaking her head, she looked at Mandy. "I can't do this."

"If you don't do this then you're risking everyone at your old pack along with all of us here. Chain will come for us, and then you'll be regretting not taking this chance today."

Tears fell from Victoria's eyes as she stared at her friend.

"I could lose David today if this all goes wrong. He's my life-mate, and I can't stand the thought of living without him." Mandy stared at her showing the real fear. "Please, put us all out of our misery and be the queen we all know you can be."

Biting her lip, Victoria lifted the phone in front of her and typed in the number she remembered for most of her adult life. Placing the cell phone to her ear she listened to it ring. All the time she listened to it ring she couldn't help the need to hang up, go to Scorch and run.

No, no more running.

"Hello," Chain said. His voice sent a shiver up her spine. He scared the living daylights out of her.

"It's me. It's Victoria," she said, wincing at the strain she heard in her own voice.

"Ah, Victoria, I've missed you. I take it our meeting has finally caught up to you." Gritting her teeth, she stared at the silver chain on the bed beside Mandy. Picking up the chain she recalled the silver chain wrapped around her throat as Chain threatened her.

Time to stop running.

"I hadn't forgotten what I was doing. Your marks made Scorch worried. He's by my side constantly."

"Where is he now?" Chain asked.

"He's chopping wood. I'm cold and needed to call you."

"And why would you do that?"

Closing her eyes, Victoria couldn't speak while she was looking at Mandy. She was so worried. What if all of the other alphas had made a mistake? Crap. She didn't have the time to think of all of the options. "In two hours I'm leading him out to the woods, close to you on the western side." She pressed her fingers into her leg, sinking her nails in deep. Victoria wanted to hurt herself before she put Scorch in danger.

"My little wolf is giving me what I want."

"Yes. His protector will be away as his mate needs him. This is your only chance to get him to yourself."

She started pacing again feeling her heart pound. Chain chuckled. He paused over the line, and Victoria felt her stomach turn at the ear-piercing scream of a female.

"I can pull myself away from this little slut. I'll be there, and if you think to double cross me then I will warn you, I'll kill you and let Scorch watch as I hurt you."

Victoria didn't say anything as Chain hung up. Throwing the phone away from her body she felt violated by what she'd done. Collapsing to her knees, she sobbed. Mandy didn't even try to console her. Seconds later she felt Scorch holding her.

"You did good, baby. We can do this. The alphas are in place. Chain is not going to survive the day."

"Please don't promise me anything. I don't want to deal with any promises right now." She pressed her hands to her face, wanting everyone to leave her alone to her misery.

"You've got to get her settled, Scorch. If she doesn't then he's going to know something else is going on. This is for all of us," Mandy said, moving out of the room.

Once they were completely alone Victoria wrapped her arms and legs around his body. "I don't want anything to happen to you."

"Nothing will. You've got to have some faith and trust in the alphas. They want us to do this, and I believe in them."

For the next hour she sat holding onto him. When they only had an hour to go, she pasted a smile on her face and followed Scorch out of the door. "We've got to do this, and you've got to act happy about this."

"I will. I won't fail you. I promise." Holding onto his hand she followed behind him, smiling. She didn't look around the forest.

"We're going out," Scorch said. The pack was watching him. They all knew their part in this new battle. "I don't want any of you following."

Mandy was hidden inside the house while David was with the alphas waiting for the right time to strike.

We can do this. We can do this.

They left the comfort of the house as Scorch led her through the thick forest. He pulled her in front of him, pressing her against the tree. His lips was on hers seconds later. Closing her eyes, she basked in his attention knowing she couldn't wait for all of this to be over so she could mate with him.

"Relax."

"I'm so relaxed." She wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her body to his. "Come on, baby, make me ache." He lifted her up in his arms, deepening the kiss. They both moaned, and then he had her on her feet.

"Come on, let's go." He took her hand and led her deeper through the forest.

She tried her hardest to ignore the racing of her own heart as Scorch took charge leading her out. When he veered off to the right, she pulled him up short. None of them knew if Chain would be watching so she made herself stop. If he was watching then she needed to lead Scorch astray.

"No, not down there."

"Come on, Tori. We can have some fun down there. Don't argue with me."

"Tell you what, do what I want, and I'll give you everything you've ever dreamed about," she said, sliding a finger down his chest. All of it was an act, and she saw Scorch give in.

"Lead me where you need me."

She headed back in the right direction wishing she was stronger than Scorch and could take Chain out of the situation without any harm coming to Scorch.

When they were in the right area she stopped and smiled at him. The smile didn't reach her eyes, and she knew Scorch saw it. "What's the matter, baby? You want to f**k here."

Using his incredible alpha strength he shoved her against the nearest tree. Fighting the urge to look around she held onto her man, kissing him.

Chain was close. Victoria knew her old alpha wouldn't miss an opportunity to get what he wanted.

"God, I could f**k you forever."

"You won't be getting that chance," Chain said, appearing behind Scorch. Victoria's eyes widened, scared. Before Chain could lash out, Scorch spun around landing a blow to his face, sending him hurtling across the forest.

Victoria watched, looking around hoping to find one of the alphas or David waiting for them. Scorch was able to land a blow to Chain without affecting the change as the wolf knew he was protecting her.

"We've got a score to settle, bitch," Lidia said, appearing on the right out of nowhere. The other woman hadn't even registered in her mind. Looking at Lidia, she tensed as the other woman slammed her foot against Victoria's chest.

Grunting, she collapsed to the ground, gasping for breath. The heels of the woman's boots had hurt.

"Are you with Chain?" Victoria asked, confused.

"No, I'm not with Chain. I'm here to take my f**king place at Scorch's side. I've been watching you both, and I'm sick of everything I've seen. I watched you leading him out here. When I saw the other male approaching I knew I had a small chance of getting to kill you. Once I'm done with you, I'll help Scorch, and he'll be forever grateful. You're alone, and I'm going to f**king kill you. He's mine, not yours, and it's time for him to see the truth." She charged once again. Tensing up, Victoria held Lidia off, but the other woman was close to turning. She didn't want to resort to her wolf. Neither of them were alpha females, and so they could attack each other. Victoria heard Chain and Scorch in the background. They were not fighting even though she sensed they wanted to. Chain had his usual weapon, lashing out at Scorch. Lidia had used this opportunity to kill her. She couldn't die. Victoria loved Scorch with all of her heart. She would fight to stay alive.

She didn't want to hurt Lidia, but how was she going to get the other woman to stop?

****

Scorch stared into the bastard's eyes, and he knew what Victoria meant. Chain was full of evil. The wolf wanted to do something, but there were always so many boundaries. The length of steel by Chain's side tormented him. The desire to grab the chain and kill the man was strong. He ignored the pull, waiting for the alphas to step in.

In that moment Scorch detested his wolf and the inability to change into wolf form and kill the man who caused so much harm.

"You think she cares about you? You think Victoria loves you? She knows who her alpha is," Chain said, tormenting him.

He wouldn't give the other man the satisfaction. Lidia's presence was an unwelcome distraction. The lead alphas would deal with her along with Chain. Lidia would be removed from society and learn the errors of her ways.

"Why?" Scorch asked.

"What?"

"Why are you wanting to destroy you connection with your wolf?"

Chain laughed. "He gets in the way. I want all the power with no interference from anyone." He growled when his gaze landed on Victoria behind him. "No woman will reject me again. They'll know to bow down to me and take what I f**king give them."

"This is about rape?" His hatred increased tenfold.

"Do you have any idea what it's like to need something? I need to feel all my women screaming underneath me as I take them."

The sick bastard wanted to rape women and hurt his pack. The wolf inside Scorch growled to protect, to take out the man who'd hurt the life of their packs forever.

Taking several deep breaths, he dodged the lash of the steel as Chain tried to hurt him. Scorch was stronger than the other alpha and faster. Chain was distracted by his need.

Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye he saw the alphas approaching. Grabbing Chain, he restrained the male against the tree without hurting him. It took every ounce of strength not to hurt the man. The thought of the pain from the forced turning kept him steady.

"Fucking bitch," Chain said, snarling at Victoria as he saw the other men approaching. David restrained Lidia without hurting her. The alphas cuffed Chain, holding him down by the silver chains that had once been his weapons.

"Lidia will be removed and taken for punishment where she will realize the error of her ways," Edward said.

"How do you punish when we can't hurt?" Scorch asked, grabbing Victoria's hand.

"We have other means to handle punishable wolves. Lidia's desire to be your queen will be handled. She'll have her focus altered toward her efforts of joining another pack." Edward nodded toward Chain. "He's too far gone. The only hope we have is of his pack finding their real leader."

Scorch kept hold of his woman, his mate, and he wasn't going to let her out of his sight. She had a cut on her cheek, which annoyed him.

"What happens now?" Victoria asked.

"We're going to your pack." Scorch kissed her head. "You've got to lead the way. When your pack sees you they'll relax."

He hoped they were grateful for them capturing Chain. Looking at the other alpha tied and snarling, Scorch felt relief at seeing him restrained. Chain kept his gaze on Victoria.

"I'm going to get free, and I'm going to kill you. I can't wait to hear you beg for me to let you live."

"Ignore him, Tori. He can't hurt anyone. We need you to lead us to where your pack resides." Scorch cupped her face, offering her strength by sheer will alone.

"You'll be by my side?" she asked.

"Yes, all the way. I'm not leaving you alone. We're in this together." Squeezing her hand, Scorch walked beside her as she led everyone toward where the pack was. Her heart was racing. Scorch heard it pounding against her chest. He wished there was some way to stop her from going through with this, but there wasn't. Gripping her hand, they all walked in silence. Every now and then Chain would curse something out. David was silent as well. One of the alphas had taken Lidia away. There was no need for the other woman to follow them.

"I'm scared," Victoria said.

"Don't be. No one is ever going to hold the pack down."

For an hour they walked until Victoria stopped at the edge of the clearing. There was another large house, similar to Scorch's, but this one was surrounded by tents.

"He kicked us out of the house years ago. We're not allowed inside unless he demands it," Victoria said.

The tents opened up, and people walked out. Their gazes were locked on Chain. Glancing behind him, he saw the alphas had bound Chain to a tree.

The smell of fear surrounded the group, but there was also anger. Scorch locked onto the anger along with the need to protect.

He couldn't find the person who was feeling that way. Looking from one face to the other, he saw nothing that would show true leadership.

Edward started talking, gaining the attention of all of the members of the pack. They listened to him talk. Wrapping his arms around Victoria, Scorch didn't let her go as the rest of the pack listened to the lead alpha and what Chain had planned. The fear turned to anger on the men. He noticed there were only a few men around the pack. Chain had killed many. The women were filthy from hard work, and the emotions of everyone were weighed down by their awful alpha.

"One of you is the real alpha. Only one of you can set yourselves free. None of us can help you. We've got him bound. The evil is lurking deep in his eyes, and he will kill you if he gets the chance," Edward said.

Chain snarled, smiling evilly at all of them before landing on Victoria. "Fucking bitch traitor. I'm going to kill him, and then I'm going to f**k you raw. All of these ass**les are pussies. They'll never kill me. They know who their better is, and it's me. You've got no chance."

On and on Chain ranted. Through his rant his people started to hate him. With Chain bound with no way of hurting they saw the truth in front of them. All it would take was one person to stand up.

The crowd cleared, and before them stood a heavily pregnant woman. She rubbed a hand down her stomach.

"My name is Julie. He killed my husband five months ago because he was showing signs of being the true alpha." Julie looked down at her stomach.

Scorch inhaled the air sensing the two emotions swirling around the woman. Julie was terrified, but the baby within her wanted justice.

"Well, I'll be damned." Edward stepped forward. "May I touch your stomach?"

"Yes."

He watched as Edward touched the stomach, and it seemed to move.

"The alpha is unborn. I sense his power. This boy will be a wonderful leader." Edward moved out of the way. "You have to ruin him. I know you're scared, but if you do not do this no one else will. Until your son is born you will be alpha, and I'll stay to help guide you through your birth." Edward bowed offering his services.

Scorch had never seen anything so magical. "You'll look amazing with my child," he said, kissing her head.

"You've got to get me pregnant first," Victoria said.

"I'll work on it. It won't be hard to have you barefoot and pregnant." He kissed the top of her head as he watched Julie approach Chain.

Victoria turned away, burying her head against his chest. He had to watch. Scorch needed to watch this cruel bastard being burned.

"You have destroyed this pack. Your presence is no longer welcome, and I will not let you hurt or infect anyone with your evil." Someone handed Julie some gas and a box of matches.

Covering Victoria's ears he watched as Julie doused the man before her in gas then lit the match. Chain went up, screaming, howling and cursing.

The pain lasted a long time, but throughout it, the pack started to lose the scent of fear. Julie held onto her stomach, panting for breath. When she turned around to face the pack once Chain was dead, they were on their knees ready to worship their new alpha.

"I think it's time for us to go, alpha," David said.

Nodding toward the elder alphas, Scorch headed back home with his woman beside him.

"I can't believe what has just happened," she said.

"Believe it, baby. It was going to happen." Kissing her head, he sensed the happiness inside David.

"Let's go home so we can get back to normal and you can mate Victoria."

Scorch couldn't find a reason to argue with his friend.

Chapter Eleven

The next full moon

The moon was full, and Victoria was staying inside with Scorch to handle the children. They had managed to feed, bathe and clothe the children so far. The teenagers were around the house watching television or reading. Victoria was exhausted. Children were not easy when there were so many.

Scorch was chasing after a set of twins as they ran around the house. She was finishing up the dishes and wiping down the counters as she caught the oldest twin around the waist. Walking back upstairs she found Scorch wrestling with the other twin. The laughter was infectious, and she joined in, giggling along with them as Scorch tickled them all as punishment for running away.

Three hours later with the moon high in the sky, Victoria looked out of his bedroom window seeing the wolves enjoying the freedom to run. Scorch walked in with ten walkie-talkies from each room.

"This is insane. I've never known it to be so bloody hard." He placed the devices on the counter. None of the kids could hear them, but they would be able to hear the kids.

"They love their alpha, and you didn't help matters at all by making them all laugh. I think you only made them worse." She smiled, sighing in pleasure at the night she had.

Scorch wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his head in the crook of her neck. "What's going on inside that head of yours?" he asked.

"Nothing at all. It's nice not being to think about anything else." She leaned back against his warmth enjoying his presence.

"We're happy, Tori. Nothing is going to change that."

In the last few weeks they'd heard from Lidia, apologizing for her attack. She was now a member of another wolf pack in Europe and learning to cope with her anger issues. Edward was guiding Julie through leadership of The Clan. The tents were long gone, and the house was being repaired. Everyone was excited for the arrival of the little boy who would lead them. It was strange. Victoria was now part of Scorch's pack, but she was happy for everyone.

"I know. We're happy."

"You know what our pack expects, don't you?" he asked.

"What do you mean?" She ran her fingers up and down his arms feeling him tighten his hold around her.

"They've given us the privacy we need to make you permanently by my side." He kissed her neck. His hands caressed up her body to cup her br**sts. "They've given us the privacy we need to mate."

Closing her eyes, she moaned as his fingers tweaked one nipple then the other. Up his hands went to the dress she'd been wearing. The house was lovely and warm even though the snow was outside.

He pulled the straps down her arms, exposing her body until the dress fell around her feet.

"That's what we're going to do, Tori. We're going to mate, and you're going to finally be my woman."

He nibbled on her neck, sucking on the pulse that was pounding. Heat flooded her pu**y along with need. Scorch awakened her desire for his cock.

Spinning in his arms, she wrapped her arms around his neck holding him close. "We're going to f**k?" she asked.

"Yes, we're going to f**k, if that's what you want, baby." He tore at her bra then her panties. Within seconds she was na**d in front of him while he was fully dressed. He moved her away from the window so no one could see her naked.

She giggled when her back hit the wall. Scorch lifted her up, and she wrapped her legs around his waist, rubbing herself against his jeans. She felt tender but couldn't stop the need to ride his waist. The pleasure sizzled inside her.

Clawing at his shirt, she tore the fabric from his shoulders.

"I liked that shirt," he said.

"I'll get you another."

Raking her nails down his back, she moaned when they were na**d chest to chest.

Scorch lowered her to her feet. Sinking to her knees, she looked up at him and started to tug open his belt.

"You're insatiable."

"You're the one who has made me this way."

He stepped out of the jeans kicking them aside. His c**k stood out long, thick, and beautiful. Victoria gripped the root of his shaft, working up to the tip. She kept up her ministrations feeling him harden more underneath her touch. Licking her lips, she flicked the tip swallowing down his pr**cum.

Scorch sank his fingers into her hair, gripping the length and tugging on her head. She opened her mouth waiting for him to feed her his cock.

"Push your tongue out and keep your lips open," he said.

Doing as he asked, she waited for what he was going to do next. He slid his c**k along her tongue coating the surface in his pr**cum.

Withdrawing his cock, he stared into her eyes. "Swallow it."

She swallowed his cum down, then did the same again. Over and over he slid his cum over her tongue, and she swallowed him down loving the command in his voice over what he was demanding.

When he had enough he pulled away. "No, I'm not going to come in your mouth." He picked her up, carrying her over to the bed.

Sliding between her thighs, he kissed her lips then started kissing his way down her body taking his time between each breast. She moaned, loving the way his lips danced down her body, licking and sucking toward her pu**y. Closing her eyes, she gripped the blanket never wanting the pleasure of his touch to end. Scorch knew what he was doing with his mouth, and she loved the feel of his lips on her flesh.

He teased her, taking his time before he opened her thighs wide. She gazed down her body watching as he held the lips of her sex as he licked from her cl*t down to her entrance.

"I see how turned on you are," he said.

One of his hands released her, and she felt his fingers pressing inside her. His touch was making her ache for more, so much more.

Two fingers slid into her pu**y. He turned them over and started to stroke over her g-spot. She screamed as the sudden assault of pleasure took her breath away. There was nothing else for her to do other than hold on as he brought her body to life under his touch.

His lips sucked on her nub hard. The explosion of pleasure caught her unaware. She jerked up, feeling his fingers working her. He kept sucking on her cl*t never letting go. Victoria felt consumed by the pleasure as his tongue flicked her cl*t making it hard for her to focus on anything else other than what he was doing.

"Come for me, baby. Come for me, and then I'll f**k you hard." He muttered the words against her pu**y.

Collapsing to the bed, she cried out, whimpering.

He nibbled, sucked, and pressed several fingers inside her. Scorch pressed inside and out of her pu**y.

She tensed feeling the first wave of arousal coming over her. Screaming out, she jerked as her orgasm took hold of her. Scorch continued licking and sucking her pu**y even as she begged him not to.

Through his fingers and lips he brought her to a second orgasm. Victoria could do nothing but come apart underneath his touch.

"That's it, baby, give me everything."

After her second orgasm she couldn't move. The pleasure covered every sensation within her body.

Scorch drew up, covering her body. "Now I'm going to f**k you and mate you at the same time."

He slid his na**d c**k inside her. She felt the hard length of him filling her. His shaft seemed longer and bigger somehow. Looking into his eyes she watched the blue go a shade deeper as his wolf came forward ready to claim her.

His hands were his own as they surrounded her body, holding her close. She saw his teeth had grown long, but he wouldn't let her see the true length as he held her close.

Her body was not her own but Scorch's to do with as he wished.

"I love you, Tori. You'll be my life-mate, and I'll do everything in my power to keep you safe."

Leaning down, he pressed a kiss to her neck, licking the skin. She knew what was coming, and she felt at peace about becoming his mate.

****

Licking the delicate patch of her neck, Scorch felt his wolf flaring up inside him ready to claim Victoria as their own.

"I love you, Scorch. Mate me, f**k me. I will be by your side for the rest of our lives." Her words soothed his troubled thoughts. Inhaling her fragrance, he looked up at the ceiling and howled. Mandy was at home with them. Victoria didn't know the other woman had agreed to stay behind while he mated with her. He had told the whole pack of his intentions the day before, but no one argued with his choice of life-mate. They all wanted him to mate with Victoria. His pack saw who made him happy, and they all knew Victoria was the one his wolf wanted.

Take her. Mate her. Claim her.

With the full moon high in the sky he slammed deep inside her cunt feeling her ripple around him. Her pu**y was so incredibly tight, and there was nowhere else he wanted to go other than inside her body.

He bit down on her neck feeling her pulse beat rapidly beneath his possession. She was ready for him to mark her so every other male wolf would know who she belonged to.

"I love you, Tori," he said. Sinking his teeth into her flesh he drew on her while pounding into her waiting body. She didn't fight him, and then he felt her teeth sinking into his flesh, marking him.

Scorch took her harder than ever before, biting down and sinking his c**k in deeper. He growled as his balls tightened, so close to losing control.

Victoria released his neck, and he did the same loving the mark dotting on her skin.

"We're mated now. There's no going back," he said.

"I don't want to go back. Fuck me, Scorch."

Dropping to the bed, he caught her hands beside her head and waited for her to start thrusting up to his cock.

Ramming inside her, Scorch f**ked her hard watching the pleasure dance in her eyes.

"I'm not going to last," he said.

"I don't care. Come, Scorch. Fill me with your seed, mate."

Her words drove him wild, and he slammed in deep, over and over again. Victoria screamed, and he felt her pu**y tighten around him as her orgasm took over.

Sliding inside her over and over again he felt his balls tighten, and then he f**ked her hard as his orgasm rushed through him. His c**k jerked sending his seed deep inside her.

Collapsing over her body, he panted for breath.

Victoria wrapped her arms around him. He heard the howling of the pack as they sensed the shift inside him.

"We're mated now," she said.

Stroking the marks of his teeth against her neck, he smiled.

"Yep, there's no getting away from it now, baby."

"I want a wedding to confirm it in the eyes of the law."

He leaned back to look into her eyes. "What?"

"Mandy is mated and married. I want both."

Scorch claimed her lips feeling her pu**y tighten as he thrust his tongue into her mouth. "Victoria, my love, my mate, we're booked into the church in a one week time. The pastor is a good friend of mine, and he's willing to marry us as soon as possible." Rubbing his nose across her cheek then down to her mark, he pressed kisses along his mark.

"Now, what do you say about a run?" he asked, wanting to get out and stretch his legs.

"What about the kids?"

"Mandy is home. She knew I wanted to mate with you today, and she's had her run."

Taking her hand, he pulled out of her heat and led her out of the room. They were na**d as they passed Mandy. Nakedness never bothered any of his pack. Mandy smiled at them as they passed.

"My alpha and queen." She bowed her head, and Victoria stopped.

"You're my best friend." As Victoria wrapped her arms around Mandy Scorch watched the tenderness inside her come alive. "Thank you so much for accepting me into your pack."

"This is your pack now. Go and have a run so everyone gets a chance to feel you both together." Mandy herded them out of the door.

Once they were outside the front gate, he watched her turn into the most beautiful red wolf he'd ever seen. Turning into his wolf, he felt the acceptance of the pack as they all felt them together.

"Congratulations," David said, thinking the words.

"Well done, alpha."

"Welcome to the pack, Victoria."

All of their acceptances came to the pair of them. He sensed the emotions change within her. Victoria was part of their pack and had finally been given a family. Her wolf tucked herself against his side.

"I know, baby, I know. We're a family, and they all love you as one of their own."

He stepped forward waiting for her to follow him. Together they moved away from the house and charged forward. The power of the full moon fell over their backs herding them on their run.

David and the rest of their pack followed behind them. Together they ran forward, heading as a family toward the future. Scorch knew that Victoria had come to him in order to lure him away, but in doing so, he'd found his mate and the woman destined to be his woman.

When they were on the edge toward The Clan, the other wolves bowed down thanking them. Scorch had made friends with Julie and wanted the other pack to know they were always welcome on his lands. He didn't believe in fighting with other packs. They were all the same, and Victoria had lost so much with this pack. It was only fair for all of them to move on.

For the rest of the night they ran with the pack enjoying each other's company. Victoria stayed by his side. Early the next morning he woke up with Victoria in his arms, and he smelled the change inside her. His mate was pregnant with his child.

Epilogue

Ten years later

Scorch looked outside of his window and laughed. Victoria was lying on the ground with over twenty children surrounding her. They were all laughing and copying what she was doing as they made angels in the snow. Four of the children were their own, and from the smell of her, he knew she was pregnant once again.

In the last few years their pack had thrived. Mandy and David had over five children of their own. Thinking of the other woman he saw Mandy approaching the group. They were all rounded up for dinner.

The Clan had accepted the boy, Ben, as their new alpha. Julie and Edward guided him together. Scorch and Victoria had been present for Julie and Edward's mating. It was amazing to see love between the two even though Edward was getting on in years.

The bedroom door opened, and Victoria was in his arms seconds later.

"Hello, Mate," she said, snuggling in close.

"Mandy feeding them?"

"Yes, she's waiting for us to go down there as well." Her stomach growled.

"You're hungry, baby?" he asked, knowing the answer.

"I'm always hungry."

"You're expecting another, my love." He ran his hand over her rounded stomach.

"Again?" she asked. She'd given birth over three years ago to their last son.

"Again."

She wrapped her arms around his neck. "This calls for a celebration."

"I couldn't agree more." Slamming his lips down on hers, he stepped back to close the door. The rest of the pack could wait for their celebration. He was taking his right now in her willing body.

The End

