Chapter One

Nick Long glanced down at his watch for the seventh time within the last ten minutes. He hated being kept waiting. All of his time earned him money, and the fact he'd been waiting for ten minutes meant he'd lost at least a million dollars. No one made him lose money. It pissed him off that this bastard thought he could be different. If it wasn't for the goods he particularly wanted, Nick would be long gone.

The only pleasure he got in his life was the knowledge of making money, more money than he'd ever need in a lifetime. Still, since being outlawed and forced to leave his pack and to never join another pack, Nick's life was about making money. There was no greater purpose in life than making money, especially when everything else had been taken from him. Keeping a firm hold on the case by his side, he waited for the sounds and smell of an approaching wolf. He was an alpha wolf, or he would be if he was allowed the right of his rank. Instead, he had it taken away from him, along with everything else.

He bore the mark of an outlawed wolf. Rubbing his chest, he tried not to think of the pain the silver mark had left in his chest. There were nights he jerked awake screaming at the memory of being held down, the flesh above his heart cut open and the silver poured inside to mark him as damaged. The silver still lay in his chest. Being a wolf stopped him from absorbing the silver or forcing it out. Everyone would know the collective had cast him out like a piece of scrap meat. The scar served as a reminder to him and to let others around him know he was dangerous.

Until he died every time he stared into the mirror he'd see the mark and know he wasn't anything but shameful.

Rubbing the back of his neck, he wondered about this night's purchase. He shouldn't be doing it, but his friend, Dean, promised him it was fine. Some wolf members sold the runts of their litters to anyone who would have them. Nick needed to keep it secret as this was the only way he would ever get a woman with wolf blood.

Finding out he could purchase a woman, an outcast from her pack, for the right money had given him hope to finally have something else to look forward to.

Another glance down at his watch and he was ready to leave. He wasn't going to be treated like an ass**le just because he wanted a woman. Heading back to his car, he stopped at the sound of an approaching vehicle. Tensing, he turned toward the sound and saw the headlights coming nearer. The scent of wolf drifted toward him. Excitement took away all of his anger. This is what he'd been wanting ever since he'd stumbled onto the auction. By the end of the night he'd have a wolf female in his bed to do with as he pleased. No one would take her away or stop him from f**king her. He would possess every inch of her.

Love hadn't been part of his purchase. He was tired of holding back from f**king human women. Nick knew he needed a wolf to take the hard f**k he really wanted to give. None of the human women could take the length of his c**k without feeling pain. Then there was the problem of them needing time to accommodate him. It was tiresome, and he'd grown tired of the light f**k. He craved a hard, rough f**king, and for a woman to pant and beg as he fed her his dick.

The car came to a stop several feet away from him. He watched the passenger side of the car open and an older man in his late fifties get out. Nick scented the air, inhaling the cruelty of the man. He tensed up in case this was a trap.

"You got the money?" he asked.

Names had been exchanged, and he knew it was Mark he was talking to. The other man was not an alpha, and Nick knew he could take him if things got dangerous.

"You got my prize?"

Mark snapped his fingers. The back door on the driver's side opened. A woman with long blonde hair stepped out of the back of the car. He sensed the evil within her as well. This couple was awful, what the f**k were they doing. Seconds later he saw the leash the woman was holding, which was attached to someone.

"Get your fat ass out of the car," the woman growled to someone in the back.

Inhaling the air, Nick smelled something wonderful and fresh like the roses in his garden. He'd never smelled anything quite so beautiful before in his life. Red hair caught his attention first as the woman he'd purchased climbed out of the car. He didn't see all of her until the woman rounded the car. The leash was tied around the girl's neck, and clearly it was tight from the red sores already developing. His anger once again started to build. What were these f**kers hoping to achieve by hurting her?

Why were they selling her?

The girl smelled like fear. Fear and pain wafted off her making him feel like a jerk. The whole act took on a whole new meaning, but he couldn't stop it. His need for her outweighed anything else.

"Here, this is the girl." Mark stepped forward, tugging her leash out of the blonde's hand.

"I hate having it around my place. Make sure he takes it," the blonde said, storming away.

"Come on, Clara," Mark said, forcing her to move.

"Why are you selling her?"

Clara, the redhead, was covered in large clothes that hid her entire body from view. Her head was downcast, but he saw the tears rolling down her cheeks. He couldn't begin to imagine the humiliation she would be feeling.

"She's too fat. Her presence is making us a laughingstock of the pack, but you wouldn't have a clue about that seeing as you've got no pack of your own."

Striking out, Nick grabbed the man around his neck, squeezing the life out of him. "I suggest you watch your language," he said.

In the background he heard the blonde screaming for him to release her husband. Ignoring her, Nick glared at the other man wanting to end his life. He was no longer an alpha, but no one was going to treat him with such disrespect without getting his anger directed at them.

"You're outlawed," Mark said, saying the words through gritted teeth.

Drawing him closer, Nick made sure he could be heard. "Exactly, so I don't give a f**k who I kill now. You try to f**k with me and I'll make sure you regret it." Removing the leash from the man's hand, he shoved him away, kicking the briefcase by his side toward the man as he did.

"Mark, baby, what's he done to you?" the blonde said, running to Mark's side. They were f**king vultures, and Nick hated them.

"Get the f**k out of my sight." Nick waited until the two were in the car and leaving before he turned his gaze to the woman at his side.

Clara-such a sweet name for a sweet woman-stared at him, terrified.

They were selling her because of her weight. If he was the alpha of their pack, he'd make sure her parents suffered a fate worse than death. Seeing as he was neither an alpha of a pack nor part of one, their ugliness had given him a woman.

Turning her head this way and that, he sensed her fear increasing.

"I'm not going to hurt you," he said, hoping his words would ease her. Taking her hand, he led her toward his car.

Crap. He had hoped for this night to run smoothly. From the way Clara was acting, he doubted she'd be ready to f**k when he got back home.

****

For many years Clara had heard the term "runt of the litter" when people talked about her. She hated it but pretended the words no longer affected her. Being told she was fat, ugly, and hated by all of the pack hadn't prepared her for the final humiliation she'd been dealt this night. The words hurt, but she'd grown used to them.

Sitting alone in her room reading one of her favorite romances, she'd been pulled out of her fantasy by her mother. The leash, along with the clothes not to mention the complete destruction of her room, had been the last straw in the brutal pain.

The man who purchased her started up the car, taking her away from everything she knew. Her family and pack despised her, but at least she knew what they thought of her and nothing they said or did worried her. Apart from the bullying she'd been more than ready for whatever they wanted to dish out. The leash around her neck was wrapped around his wrist stopping her from moving.

Biting her lip she tried to force back the tears. Crying was an unnecessary weakness she couldn't afford. The silence in the car gave her little comfort. What would happen when they were alone in his home? She didn't know who he was or why he'd purchased her.

No matter how many diets she went on or the number of times she starved herself the weight wouldn't drop off. When she failed to lose any weight, the name calling would start back up. After the name calling started, she'd start eating again. The cycle would never end. Their harsh words and nastiness would send her back to food.

Scrubbing a hand over her face, she tried to get her nerves under control. Her hands were shaking like crazy.

They drove for the next hour without a word spoken. Clara was pleased by the lack of conversation. Trying to talk while being absolutely petrified was hard. Stringing a sentence together was impossible at the moment with her nerves.

Nick stopped the car in front of a large iron gate. He typed in a code she didn't see. The gate opened up, and he drove down. Glancing behind her she saw the gate close back up, trapping her inside with a man she did not know.

Looking across from the gate she saw the wall that had to be close to eight feet tall.

"I like my privacy," he said.

Turning back to face the front, she saw the large house was surrounded by a large array of fields, trees, and bushes. The car stopped, and the man turned to look at her. "I'm going to release you. If you make any attempt to run, move, or cause me problems, then I will have you locked up in a cage, do I make myself clear?" he asked.

"Yes."

He released the lead and climbed out. Staying in her seat, Clara waited for him to let her out. She wouldn't dare make a run for it. He opened the door, and she got out, waiting for him to give her more instructions. The thought of feeling any more pain kept her from running. She'd suffered enough pain to last her a lifetime, and she wasn't into any kind of weird fetish of feeling pain.

"Follow me." He headed inside the house. No one was in sight, and from the look and smell of the place, no other pack member was here. "Dean, I'm back," he said, shouting out.

Nick removed his jacket then reached out.

Unable to stop herself, Clara flinched away from his touch.

"I'm not going to hurt you."

Nodding, she stayed still as he took the leash from around her neck. "Does it hurt?" he asked.

She shook her head. The pain would soon ease.

"You're not lying to me, are you?"

"No, the pain will go away in no time." She glanced up at him.

"Is this the woman you just bought?"

A large man was walking downstairs. He wore a white shirt and a pair of scruffy jeans.

"Yeah." Nick wrapped his fingers around her neck, pulling her close.

"Well, you're back, and you're alive. Did anything happen I need to know about?" Dean said.

"No, nothing happened that he didn't bring on himself."

"What do you mean?" Dean asked, looking nervous.

"I took care of business. I'm not pack anymore, and any problems can come to my f**king door. I don't care what anyone says." Nick's voice was harsh, demanding, and she detected a hint of hurt.

"Shit, you're right, I'm sorry." Dean rubbed the back of his neck with a flush to his cheeks.

"Don't worry about it."

She watched Dean grab his jacket from the back of the door and was on the way out when he stopped as Nick started to talk.

"Tell the packs that if they want to f**k with me then fine, f**k with me, but warn them, I don't play by the f**king rules. They start, they'll end up dead."

"Nick..."

"No, I mean it, Dean. I'm done playing their games. They want to play, then I'll play them, but I'll do it my f**king way."

Dean looked sad, glancing at her before nodding his head.

"See you soon."

"You will."

The door opened then closed, leaving her alone with a man who'd just threatened at least two packs that she knew of.

"Now, we can have some real fun," he said, keeping a grip on her neck and leading her toward the stairs.

Her nerves picked up, and she started to fight him.

"Please, let me go. I've done nothing wrong. I've always been good."

Nick caught her around the waist, holding her arms by her sides.

"Stop!" He yelled the word, and she had no choice but to stop.

They were the only two people in the room, but she knew deep in her core he was the alpha. She couldn't argue with him even if she wanted to. He was the man who made the rules.

"You're not going anywhere, so stop f**king testing me. No one wants you but me. You've got no one but me, and it's time for you to start realizing it." He shouted the words in her face, and she couldn't stop the tears from filling her eyes and then falling down her cheeks. Every word he spoke was the truth.

She was at his mercy, and there was no way out of it.

Chapter Two

Nick felt the fight go right out of her. Loosening his hold, he waited for her to submit. Her head bowed within seconds of her body relaxing. Releasing his tight grip, he tilted her head back to look at him.

Clara's scent and body didn't repel him at all. Buying a wolf online had been troublesome, and he had been worried about what she would look like. The only word to describe Clara was beautiful. Her family didn't see what a prize they possessed. Many wolf males, even alphas, would have taken her off their hands.

Their loss was his gain.

Tears fell down her cheeks, cutting him up at the sight. "Don't cry."

"I'm not allowed to feel now, either?" she asked.

She looked completely lost.

Staring into her eyes, he was struck by the glorious shade of green. Running his thumb across her smooth cheek, he moved toward her lips. She showed no sign of jerking away. Her lips were plump, heart-shaped. He couldn't wait to see how they felt pressed against his own.

"You're allowed to feel whatever you like, but know this, I will never hurt you."

"You just paid money for me. What am I supposed to think?"

Letting out a breath, he took hold of her arm and led her upstairs. Yes, he'd paid money for her, but he wasn't a complete animal.

She doesn't know that.

"Are you a virgin?" he asked, choosing not to think about her question or his own doubts about his purchase of a wolf.

"That's none of your business."

He stopped, turning to look at her. She may be scared, but she still had a mouth on her. There was no getting away from her question. "Like you so aptly put it, I bought you. For all you know I've bought you for sex. To use you for my pleasure."

Her cheeks were heating with every word he spoke. Nick also scented her desire. Clara was turned on by his words. Interesting. He'd never thought a female could be turned on by the prospect of being bought for money and then used for sex.

She stayed silent for several seconds.

"Are you going to use me?"

"Are you a virgin?" He counteracted her question with one of his own. She bit her lip, refusing to answer.

Staring down her body, Nick wished for the layers of clothing to be removed so he could admire her body.

"I didn't buy you for your thrilling conversation," he said, finally hoping to shock her into confessing the truth. "I bought you because I was getting tired of f**king human women. They can't take the pounding I wish to give. Yes, I bought you for sex. I bought you for the pleasure you'll give my cock."

Her cheeks were a lovely strawberry color. Nick wondered how far he could talk to get the combination of her embarrassment and the scent of arousal.

"You're outlawed."

"Yes."

"What for?"

Nick smiled. Leaning against the wall, he opened the door. "Go inside, and I'll tell you everything you want to know."

She looked inside the room. Her hand went to her chest, covering her br**sts. Fuck, his c**k thickened looking forward to seeing those plump mounds.

"Come on, Clara. Come inside, and I'll tell you everything you want to know."

"If I don't want to?" she asked, not taking a step closer.

"Then you can go into the bedroom next door, but I won't tell you a single thing."

How far did her curiosity go? Nick waited, loving the challenge she represented. She took a step toward the room then pulled away.

"No, I wish for my own room."

He was annoyed but also happy. She offered him a challenge, and he looked forward to breaking down her resolve to get what he wanted.

"Are you sure?" he asked, trying to tempt her. Unbuttoning his shirt, he left it to lie open for her to be able to see him.

Her gaze wandered down the length of him before jerking back up to his face.

She smelled f**king amazing. He couldn't wait to bury his head between her br**sts and then her thighs, to taste every single inch of her soft body. His excitement was hard to contain at the prospect of the future.

"Yes, I'm sure. I'd like my own room."

"You're not interested in finding out why I'm outlawed?"

"I'm interested, but I'm also not stupid." Her fingers were locked together in front of her. Trying to ward him off? He wondered. "You'll end up doing more than talking in there." She nodded into his room.

"You're right." He shrugged. "We'll see how long this lasts." Brushing past her, the smell of her arousal increased. Hiding his smile, he opened the door to her bedroom. He'd gotten it ready over a week ago when he'd been in negotiation for his woman.

Clara had no choice but to brush past his body in order to get past him.

It took every ounce of strength not to touch her or draw her closer to him. The clothes she wore looked filthy, not to mention the red marks around her neck. He hated the sign of the pain she must have clearly gone through.

The room was decorated in a lovely lilac color with matching sheets for the double bed he purchased. The walk-in wardrobe was empty, but he'd go onto stocking up on all the clothes she would need.

There was a vanity table in the corner, and the doors opened up onto a veranda that overlooked the entire grounds. The property had been expensive when he bought it for the size of the land. Being an outlawed wolf didn't stop him from needing to run.

"You're wealthy, or is all of this family money?" she asked, folding her arms.

Glancing at her br**sts, Nick let out a growl. She gasped, dropping her hands and taking a step back.

"You're a wolf?"

"Of course I'm a wolf. I'm an outlawed wolf, but what's more, I was an alpha until they kicked me out of my position." He took a step closer, then another until they were standing close to each other.

She held her hands up. "I've heard of humans who cannot turn being outlawed, which is why I didn't know if you were a wolf or not." Clara tried to ward him off, but he wasn't having any of it.

Reaching up, he sank his fingers into her thick red hair. His c**k hardened painfully against the zipper of his trousers. Clara's submission was going to be a challenge he looked forward to conquering. She'd be his reward at the end of the long fight.

****

Clara waited for him to say more. She didn't know why she asked him about being a wolf. Of course he was a wolf. The smell along with the depth of his voice told her he was an alpha. She didn't know why there was no pack, and there certainly were no signs of a pack. Dean hadn't been part of the pack either.

"Are you a virgin?" he asked.

Glancing down at the floor, Clara stayed quiet. Clara didn't know why she didn't tell him the truth. For once, she wanted to keep a little part of herself to herself. She wasn't going to tell him the truth yet. Being a virgin within a pack wasn't something to boast about. During the full moon of a female's eighteenth birthday, many women lost their innocence. The men would surround them, take what they wanted, and come morning they'd be full women in every sense of the word.

No man had gone near her on her eighteenth or nineteenth birthday. When all the pack were f**king, she'd scampered away to be alone and mourn what she could never have. Some of the pack females enjoyed teasing her and taunting her lack of love life. Shaking her head to clear the horrid images from her mind, she looked up at him.

"You're not going to tell me?" he asked.

"No, why should I?"

Stop fighting, you idiot. He can do anything he wants with you.

He intrigued her. Nick was a mystery. She'd never heard about him before. Most outlaws were discussed in great detail amongst packs, but she couldn't fit his circumstances with the name of any outlawed wolves.

"We're going to play this game, I see."

"It's not a game. I don't have to tell you anything." She was terrified and couldn't stop the words from spilling out of her mouth. The grip in her hair tightened pulling her head back, exposing her neck. Stop goading him.

"No. I'm an expert in getting what I want, Clara. I'll have you begging for me to f**k you by the next full moon."

"How dare-"

She didn't get to finish her statement when his lips smashed down on hers, cutting off any angry protest she wanted to start with him. Outraged by the kiss, she opened her mouth, getting ready to push him away with her fists, and he took advantage, plundering her mouth with his tongue.

Pressing her palms to his chest, Clara had every intention of pushing him away when his free hand curved around her ass. She'd never been touched in such a passionate way before. There was no control over her responses. Her ni**les budded against her shirt as her pu**y melted. The wetness seeped into her panties. She was mortified at her response to him. The man who bought her shouldn't be getting this kind of response from her. In that moment she hated herself and her body for being so weak.

He held her tightly. She felt the evidence of his happiness pressing against her stomach. His tongue stroked her lips before sliding inside, meeting with his own.

She had every intention of pushing him away from her. With his hands and tongue exploring her body, she couldn't bring herself to push him away. Her body felt odd, different with his touch.

Nick pulled away first, smiling. "See, I can smell how wet your pu**y is, baby. You want me, and I'm going to find out soon if you're a virgin. Don't worry, I can wait." He put his hands between her thighs, cupping the evidence of her need.

Swatting his hand away, she glared, hoping he'd stop tormenting her. "You're a hateful man."

"No, I'm not. I'm a man who knows what he wants and goes after it without thought." He claimed her lips once again, showing her who was boss. "Don't think to hide or fight me. You'll lose."

He stormed out of the room in the next breath.

Lips tingling, br**sts tight, and a heat between her legs that made her feel like she was burning alive, she turned away from the door. No, she refused to let the man who bought her like she was some kind of possession affect her. She wrapped her arms around her body, trying to hold onto some kind of sanity.

You like him.

She shook her head. There was no way she could like him. He was a monster who'd bought her. She opened two doors discovering the en-suite bathroom. Entering the room, she turned on the shower before removing her clothes. Being bought didn't mean she couldn't be clean.

Standing under the hot water, she ran a hand down her na**d body feeling his touch once again.

Her ni**les were rock hard even with the warm water. Nick Long, he was going to get under her skin and infuriate her. He was used to getting what he wanted while she was used to being ignored. Their circumstances were completely the opposite and scared her.

The unknown always scared her. The men and women in the pack took great satisfaction in ignoring her apart from ridiculing and mocking her. Wiping a hand over her face, she let out a breath. Her life had changed in a blink of an eye.

After she finished washing, she wrapped the large white towel around her body then headed toward the mirror. She wiped away the steam and checked out the red sores around her neck. They would disappear soon, but they irritated her.

She ran her fingers over the red line, gritting her teeth.

You're away. You're free.

Clara wasn't free. She was at the mercy of a man she didn't know. Was Nick hiding some horrid secret? Why was he outlawed?

None of the answers she wanted would come to her through her reflection. Letting out a frustrated growl, she left the bedroom.

Coming up short, she saw an oversized shirt resting on the bed. The shirt hadn't been there when she left the room. She checked the door before standing before the bed. Clara couldn't help but be touched. He'd left her a shirt to wear.

Drying her body, she quickly put the large shirt over her head, smelling him instantly. She was shocked the fabric fit over her large body. Smiling, she climbed into bed and settled down. Maybe he wasn't so awful after all.

Chapter Three

Nick left the shirt, but he didn't leave without looking at her lush body first. He found her na**d in the shower with eyes closed looking up at the shower jet. Her body was so full and round, she made him ache with need to possess her. She'd take the f**king he so wanted to give her.

He left the bathroom before she scented him close by. The smell from the bath soaps along with the noise of the shower would stop her from hearing him. Nick closed all the doors so she wouldn't know he'd been in apart from the nightshirt.

Sitting down on the edge of his bed, he ran a hand down his face. His c**k was rock hard and showed no signs of diminishing even though he wanted it to. There was no female close enough apart from Clara to f**k.

The game was set. She would fight him at every turn, but he felt the need inside her body. In no time at all she'd be begging him for more, and he intended to give her everything.

Removing his clothes, he didn't bother with a shower. He changed into a robe then left his room to check through the whole house. No one ever bothered him out here. His security was tight, the electrical systems top of the range.

Going into his security room he checked the cameras and made sure the codes were all in place before locking the front door at the press of a button.

He tried not to think about the kiss or the feel of her lush body pressed against his own. Blocking all the thoughts from his mind, he headed back upstairs, pausing outside of her room. There was no sound coming from behind the door. He half expected her to come out, cursing and shouting at his audacity to enter the room.

Turning the knob, he opened the door to find her curled up in the center of the bed. He entered the room, closing the door behind him. She didn't make any move. From the sound of her breathing she was in a deep sleep.

Leaning down, he stroked her cheek, hearing her sigh and roll over. Unable to resist holding her, he climbed in beside her, lifting up the cover. She didn't wake up. Clara must be exhausted not to wake up at the slightest movement.

If anyone tried to get into bed with him, he'd be up like a shot. Years of being an alpha had cemented his own protection.

He eased down then touched her arm. Again, she didn't wake at all. Frowning, he hated her lack of response.

Why? You could come here every night, and she wouldn't wake up to push you away.

Smiling at the sudden fun he could have, Nick wrapped his arms around her. She muttered something but curled up against him. Her hand rested underneath her chin. Staring down into her lovely face, he stroked the length of her red hair. The color looked like fire against the lilac pillow. He wondered what it would look like spread across his lap as she took his c**k deep into her mouth.

The kiss they shared had been hot, fiery, and set his pulse ablaze with the feel of her against him. When she gave into him, their passion would be epic. There was no other word he could think of to describe their few precious minutes together. Pushing the blanket down, he saw she wore the shirt he gave. So, she would take gifts from him, providing he left them for her and gave her little choice but to accept them. The shirt he'd given her was one he wore late at night when he worked at home. It looked good on her.

From the size, he saw he was bigger than she was in a lot of ways. Running his fingers down her arm, he heard her sigh again. Her response to his kiss had to be a sure sign she was a virgin. There was no way a woman used to the attention would feel that way.

Buying a woman online had left a bitter taste in his mouth. Many times he looked at the price of a pack female wondering how many packs had given up wolves for money. When he'd controlled a pack, he had never put any of his pack members up for auction. Each person was to be cared for, loved. Selling them to some stranger would have incurred his wrath, and he'd have taken care of them. It had been well over ten years since he was in control of a pack, so things must have changed since he was last in charge.

Pushing the nasty thoughts out of his mind, he thought only about how wonderful Clara felt against him.

When she lifted a leg to rest near his cock, he almost lost control. The full moon was far off, but he didn't need the full moon to turn into his wolf form. He stared at the harsh red mark around her neck, thinking about the silver curse in his flesh. She had no right to be cast out, but he knew it was because of her weight.

Plenty of pack females were thin, slender, anorexic looking because of their fast metabolism. Some packs looked down on a woman with curves. He was not one of them. In fact, if he'd not been outlawed and had still been an alpha of a pack, he'd have taken a fancy to Clara regardless.

Her curves, her smell, drove him insane. From the moment she climbed out of the car, he'd been intrigued by her.

Kissing her forehead, he saw how vulnerable she was. Anyone could have hurt her in the old pack. He was never going to send her back home.

For Clara, her future would be filled by him, and he'd give her everything her heart desired.

Relaxing beside her, Nick closed his eyes waiting for sleep to claim him. He wrapped his arms around his new possession, happy and settled for the first time in his life.

If his parents could see him now, they'd be so happy for him. Clara was a fine female to call his own.

****

Waking up, Clara groaned against the reality of her situation. The sudden smell of Nick had her jerking awake, rubbing at her eyes. Glancing around the room, she expected to find him lurking, ready to pounce at any time. Going to her knees, she looked left and right then down at her body.

The smell had to have come from the shirt she was wearing. There was no sign of the man in the bedroom she slept in. Climbing off the bed, she looked around, finding no more clothes. Her own were filthy, and she wasn't wearing them.

Heading to the bathroom, she sorted through her morning routine of going to the toilet, washing her hands, then brushing her teeth to combing through her hair. She left the length to fall around her shoulders. Clara usually bound the length up to keep it out of her way.

Blowing out a breath, she grabbed a robe and walked downstairs. The sun was shining brightly through the kitchen. The double doors were wide open. She heard Nick arguing with someone. Stepping closer, she found him on the phone, yelling and pacing the patio.

Looking past his shoulders, she saw a table laden with food and drink. Her stomach growled. He jerked at the noise, staring right at her.

"I've got to go. Be ready for my call within the hour or it's your f**king job." He growled the last word into the phone then hung up.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt."

"Come outside. Breakfast is served."

Checking to make sure the robe was closed, she walked outside. The heat hit her, wishing she left the robe and had clothes in place of it.

"No one can see us. Take the robe off. You're going to sweat and start to stink badly," he said, taking a seat.

She watched him lift a large glass to his lips. How did he make drinking look so erotic? Fidgeting with the belt, she glanced at him seeing the smile on his lips. He was teasing her, testing her. She took the seat opposite him, and when he couldn't see her legs, she removed the robe.

His lips twitched, clearly happy with her.

"I may not be able to see your thighs, but I've got a clear view of those ni**les, baby. You're turned on or cold, I wonder?"

"It's a little chilly," she said, hating him.

"I imagine you are." He sipped some more juice smiling at her.

Linking her fingers together, she stared at him, waiting.

"Eat, Clara. This food is yours as much as it is mine."

Gazing over the table she was shocked by how much was available. There were two piles of pancakes, breakfast cereal in many varieties, toast, butter, jam, and fruit.

"Erm, I can't eat everything."

"I don't expect you to. I want to see what you eat so I know for next time," he said. His elbow leaned on the handle on the chair, and he was leaning his head on his hand.

"You prepared this? Don't you have a housekeeper or something?" She reached for the cereal, milk, and a bowl.

"No, I've got a cleaning lady to come in twice a week. I can't be done with having someone around for so long. I hate the invasion in my life." He poured some more juice into a glass.

"Do you have to leave the house?" she asked.

"No. My business can be done from anywhere."

Great, she wouldn't be alone.

"Don't you want any sugar?" he asked, pointing to her cereal.

"No. I don't like sugar on my cereal." She wasn't lying either. Sugar made cereal too sweet for her.

He handed her a drink of juice before sitting back. She felt his gaze on her at all times. Clara tried to ignore him, chewing and staring off to her left to look around the garden.

"How did you sleep?" he asked.

Glancing back toward him, she saw he was smiling once again. "Fine." Did she miss something? His smile seemed to mean something. "Did you?" Her manners were never going to be destroyed even if she did hate him.

Why did she hate him? He'd not done anything to her. All he'd done was take her out of a bad situation. Her family hated her. The pack had been awful to her at every opportunity. None of them liked her in their company. Her life's meaning had been about avoiding them all at every opportunity.

"What are you thinking about?" he asked.

"What? Why do you want to know?" She lost her appetite and pushed the bowl of cereal away.

"You've gone sad, withdrawn even. I want to know what has made you feel that way."

He leaned forward, staring into her eyes. She hated how he seemed to see everything.

"Nothing."

"You're lying. I don't like liars, Clara. Never lie to me."

Licking her lips, she clasped her hands together, trying to focus on something other than him. "I was thinking about my family and my pack."

She dropped her head, not wanting him to see too much.

"Do you miss them?"

"No." She looked back up at him, knowing he deserved to see her gaze.

"Then why are thinking about them and feeling sad as you do?"

His questions were reasonable, but they felt to invasive to her. Hiding the truth away from him wouldn't do any good. Nick was a rich man. He got what he wanted by being ruthless.

"I was thinking about how happy they must have been to get me out of their pack." She smiled. "I wasn't a good advertisement for pack life at all. None of the men wanted anything to do with me, and the women stayed away from me, afraid my repellent would spread."

Clara didn't even realize until now how much their actions had hurt her.

Wiping away the tears that had caught her by surprise, she cursed her wayward emotions. If her mother was close by, she'd be getting a beating before the end of the day.

"They're gone, and they're never coming back," Nick said. "Besides, you should be worried about my attention. I promise you, Clara, when I pop your cherry you're not getting a moment's rest from me."

Chapter Four

"How do you know I'm a virgin?" Clara asked. Her eyes were wide, and Nick smiled. She truly was the most adorable female he'd ever known. She didn't know her own power, which was mightily refreshing. It was sweet yet unsettling. The pack she'd been part of was awful. The pain in her eyes let him know how badly she'd been treated. Each pack behaved differently, but from what he heard this morning, Clara's pack was an open group.

At the full moon, the pack mated with one another, f**king until the sun came up. He had heard they were in human form rather than wolf form. Dean was a vessel of knowledge when it came to pack traditions. Females at their proper mating age of eighteen were allowed to mingle with the pack for men to scent them. Clara on her mating day had been left alone. Not one male in the pack had anything to do with her.

Looking beyond her shoulder, he couldn't stop the anger at their treatment of her. They were f**king awful, and if he ever got chance to cause them pain, he would do it.

"I've got my way of knowing everything, baby."

"Then why did you ask me last night if you knew the answer?"

"I didn't know the answer last night. I bought a female wolf, not all the details." He shrugged. Their conversation was the most thrilling company he'd experienced in years. Dean was okay to talk with, but human females didn't hold a patch on Clara. Her face alone was fascinating to watch. All of her emotions were on display for him to read. For a wolf female she was very naive. No one had taught her the value of keeping her emotions in check. It wasn't a bother. He'd teach her everything she needed to know and more.

Her ni**les were getting harder. The shirt he'd given her looked good against her curves. She pushed some of her hair out of the way as the slight breeze flung it against her face.

Nick sipped at more of his juice thinking about last night. He'd woken this morning to find her still deep in sleep, her body wrapped around his. He had taken great pains to leave her side without waking her up. When he'd stood over her, the blanket had revealed everything. The shirt she wore had ridden up to show most of her body. Her tits were still a mystery to him, but everything else was not.

The red of her hair was the same down below. She also didn't wax, which he loved. He looked forward to sliding the lips of her sex open to reveal her creamy cunt. There was nothing more pleasurable than tasting a woman's cum while listening to her screams of release.

"What did it say? Fat wolf ready for the taking, no man entered before."

Her anger annoyed him but not as much as her name calling.

"Not at all. You see yourself as fat."

She didn't keep her gaze on him. Her cereal was half eaten.

"Are you done with your food?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, snapping at him.

"Good, we can get straight into your punishment." He stood up, rounding the table and holding out his hand for her to take.

"What? Punishment for what? I've done nothing wrong beside argue with you. I'm not here because I want to be." She kept a firm grip on the handles of her chair.

"I've got few rules, Clara. You've broken one of my rules, and I will not have it in my house. I've got a fitting punishment for you. Stand up now, or I will add more to your punishment." He waited for her to take his hand. Clara didn't. Her green eyes set him ablaze with the contemptuous look she sent his way. Didn't she have the first clue that everything she did was only turning him on? He was f**king rock hard, ready to f**k her at a moment's notice.

"You can't do this. It's unfair and wrong," she said, remaining in her seat.

"We can go inside the house to deal with your punishment, or we can deal with it outside. I've got an order of your clothes coming, and I will make sure our guests witness your punishment."

"You brute. Are you some kind of Dominant?" she asked.

"So you know what those are?"

Her cheeks flamed, but she didn't answer.

"No, I'm not a Dominant. I've got no playroom or equipment to punish you with. I don't own floggers. What I've got is my hand, some fancy dildos, and some rope. I don't need anything else to get my pleasure." Her gaze returned to his in shock. "What's it going to be, Clara? Punishment in privacy or for others to see?"

Slowly, she gave him her hand. Her fingers were shaking. Drawing her to her feet, he admired her body, the length of legs she tried to hide.

"You did that on purpose," she said, trying to bend down to cover her legs.

"You'll learn to give me everything I want and not try to hide yourself. Your punishment remains." He took her hand and led her back into the house. Nick stopped, thinking about the best place for her to have her punishment. The only room, besides the bedroom, that would do was the sitting room. The curtains were open, and glancing at the clock as he passed her saw their company didn't come for another two hours at least. They were free to do what they wanted until then.

"We're not going upstairs? What if someone comes?" she asked, pulling on his hand.

"You should have thought about that before you broke one of my rules."

She stamped her foot. "I didn't know your rules. This is wrong, Nick."

He liked the sound of his name coming from her lips too much.

"Then today you'll learn at least one of them." He wasn't going to hurt her, but he'd have her over his knee and feeling her against him.

Sitting down in the center of the sofa, he tapped his knee. "Over you go."

****

"You're being a complete and utter bastard," Clara said, fuming at his happiness. Her pu**y was melting as well. She was so ashamed to be turned on over a punishment. One moment she wasn't getting any kind of attention, and now she got nothing but attention. It was driving her insane.

"I've been called worse, baby." He leaned back, showing off his knees. His thighs looked big enough to take her weight. No one had ever tried to get her to rest on them before. "Over you go. The longer you take risks someone seeing you."

Glaring at him, she stepped closer and moved over his knees. His hand banded around her waist, helping her in place. Her stomach rested in the gap between his legs with her br**sts pressed to his thigh. Both of his hands moved her to how he wanted her. She was surprised he didn't make any noise when he put her into position. Her weight had no effect on him.

"There. That wasn't so hard was it?" he asked.

"What is my punishment?"

"You'll have to wait and see."

Lying across his legs, she held onto the fabric of his trousers waiting for him to give her a punishment.

One of his hands held onto her waist. She didn't know where his other hand was. He started to lift up the night shirt she wore. Clara waited and then suddenly realized she had no underwear on.

"Stop," she said.

"Well, Clara, I have to say I'm surprised at you. I thought you'd at least wear some kind of panties." The smile in his voice was hard not to detect.

"Are you laughing at me?"

"Not at all. It's nice to see you're a natural redhead."

"Oh God," she said, burying her head against his leg wishing he'd get her embarrassment over with. She'd suffered enough. He didn't have to prolong her misery with his words.

His hand lay on her ass, not moving.

"Your ass is f**king beautiful," he said, caressing the cheek.

She felt like she was going to burn alive at his touch. The room was light, and he'd be able to see every lump and bump within her flesh. Did she have cellulite on her ass? She didn't know. Looking at her ass in the mirror hadn't been part of her activities.

Down his touch went, curving over her ass then down her thighs.

"Your body is beautiful, Clara."

Not saying anything, she waited for him to be done with her.

"Punish me already," she said.

"No, I'm going to take my time."

He caressed her ass. Her response to his touch annoyed her. Nick shouldn't be inspiring a response from her.

"Do you want your punishment to be less severe?" he asked. His voice sounded strained to her.

"In what way?" She turned to look at the back of the sofa. Staring into his eyes was not a possibility at the moment. What if he was laughing at her?

"Nah, you see that would spoil our fun if I tell you want I want, Clara."

"Then you want me to agree without knowing what I have to do to stop my punishment being painful?"

How her life had changed in the matter of twenty-four hours. If she was living with her parents she'd be cleaning their house as they sat around doing nothing. She was nothing but a slave to her family.

"You've got to take a chance in life. Do you want to continue with a harsh punishment or take a chance and get one lighter?"

Resting her head on his thigh, she thought through what he was saying. Would it be so hard to take a chance with him? She didn't know the answer to her own questions. Nick confused her. What pain could be worse?

"Yes."

"Are you sure?"

No, she wasn't sure about anything anymore.

"Yes," she said, letting out a sigh.

His fingers caressed her ass. Suddenly, he lifted her up and stood. He spun her to face him.

Licking her dry lips, she stared up into his eyes. They were a dark amber as he looked down at her.

"I want you to take your nightshirt off for me."

"What? I'm not wearing anything else."

He sat down, resting his arms wide.

Glancing down at his lap she saw the ridge of his c**k pressing against his trousers. Fucking hell, he was huge! The outline made her swallow past the lump in her throat.

"Get na**d and I'll be happy to lighten your punishment."

"I'll be naked."

"That's the point. You'll be naked, and I'll finally get to see what I paid for."

His words thrilled her.

"This is far worse," she said, folding her arms over her chest.

"Is it? We're wolves, Clara. It's worse being confined in these f**king clothes than it is being naked." He pinched at the clothing, the disgust visible on his face.

"If you hate clothes so much why don't you take them off?" she asked.

"I would, but I figured if you came down to breakfast to see me na**d you'd run at the first opportunity. I love a good run any other time. Breakfast and a run don't work for me at all."

He was right. If she'd seen him na**d then she would have been nervous. Her family was happy being na**d around each other, but she'd been banned from being naked. She was ordered to be covered at all times.

Clothes had become another layer of protection to her. She stood out in the pack as she was the only one wearing clothes during a meeting.

"Why do you want to see me naked?" she asked.

Nick stood, startling her at the speed with which he moved. Tensing, she watched him tear his shirt off then push his trousers off. He sat down, gripping his length and letting out a sigh. "Now, that's much better. It's natural for us to be like this, Clara. No more hiding, and embrace who you are."

He fisted his shaft looking at his arousal and then at her. "This, this is for you. This is what you do to me."

Fingering the shirt, Clara felt the need to claw out of the clothing. The first time she'd been ordered to wear clothes her whole skin had itched. Most of the women after they came of age, stayed naked. She had been forced to wear clothing.

Break free.

Could she really break free of all she'd known?

Chapter Five

The raw emotions playing across her face were tearing Nick apart. He wished he'd killed her parents the night before instead of letting them live. Their life was going to be too nice to them. They had used their daughter to see to that.

Fisting his cock, he settled all of his attention onto Clara. She needed him right now, not her parents. They had hurt her in ways he didn't understand. Nick knew he'd treat her like a queen.

He wouldn't tell her to stop. Nick wanted to see her naked, and he intended to. Not only did he want to see her naked, he also wanted her to be more relaxed around the house. He was used to wearing clothes and didn't need to be naked. From the information he'd gotten, Clara hadn't gotten the same satisfaction of running wild and na**d during her turning. Her parents really deserved to suffer for what they had done to her.

Watching her gave him immense pleasure alone.

"Can't I go back and have a hard punishment?"

"No." No backing down. It would be so easy for him to give into her and leave her punishment be. "Being na**d is not a hardship."

"Speak for yourself."

"I can wait all day. We've got guests coming," he said, reminding her.

She growled at him, stamping her foot.

"Cute," he said, smiling.

"Fine, let's get this over with." She lifted the shirt off her body, revealing her creamy flesh to his gaze. Her h*ps were wide, her stomach nicely rounded. Up his gaze went to stare at her full tits. They were perfect with large rounded red ni**les. Her hands rested on her hips. "Well, what do you want me to do now?"

"Sit on the coffee table," he said.

He had to control himself so he didn't pull her onto his lap and pound inside her tight pu**y.

She glanced behind her then lowered her ass to the wooden coffee table. He always knew it would come in handy when he bought it.

"Lean back on your hands."

Going to his knees before her, he gripped her knees, opening her thighs. Her arousal surrounded the room. The fragrance was heady, intoxicating, and sent the need to f**k coursing through him. She'd been left alone for far too long. Her mating need would be right around the corner, and he'd be the one to claim her.

Clara fought him to keep her thighs closed. He held her steady, refusing to let her close up on him.

"What are you going to do?" she asked.

"You're going to trust me to give you more pleasure than you could ever imagine."

She was panting for breath.

Her body remained tense even as he opened her thighs and drew her to the edge of the wooden coffee table.

Keeping his gaze on her he glided his hands up her thighs feeling the muscles quiver beneath his touch.

"Nick," she said, biting her lip.

"Don't worry about a thing, baby. I'm here, and I'm not going to do anything to hurt you."

She nodded but didn't change at all as he held her. Gazing down her body he settled his attention on the flush lips of her pu**y. The dusting of red hair turned him on. Moving his fingers up he slid the lips of her sex wide open to reveal the nub of her clit.

His mouth watered as the smell of her cum drove him closer.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to taste you. When I'm done you're going to feel the sting of pleasure."

His c**k was going to cause him more pain than he'd ever cause her. Leaning closer, he focused on her slit. Sliding his tongue across her clit, he moaned at the first explosion of taste from her. She was musky and sweet at the same time. Keeping her lips open, he slid down to tongue her entrance. Her virgin barrier prevented him from going further inside. He was tempted to dispense of her innocence with his fingers rather than wait to bury inside her with his cock.

The thought of claiming her and pumping his cum into her womb stopped him from getting rid of that pesky barrier.

Gliding up, he circled her clit. She collapsed back. The coffee table was big enough for her to lie back completely. Clara was a lot smaller than he realized. She'd take his cock, and he couldn't wait.

He gripped his cock, fisting the length to try to relieve the pleasure.

Nothing would stop other than a release. Tonguing her clit, he glanced up to see her tits shaking with her arousal.

Her cum coated his tongue, and he swallowed it down.

"Let go, baby. Feel the pleasure."

Reaching up, he fingered her ni**les, pinching and twisting the hard nubs. She screamed out, cl**axing on his tongue seconds later.

Nick flicked her clit, feeling her come apart against his mouth. She was shaking, quivering on the table.

Pulling away, he wiped her cream from his chin. He helped her to sit up. Gripping her hair in his fist, he tilted her head back to claim her full lips.

"You're so f**king beautiful. You will let me lick you whenever I want, do you understand?"

She nodded. Her eyes were wide. From the flush of her cheeks and the shaking of her body, he knew it was the first time she'd ever reached orgasm. Sitting back down on the sofa, he fisted his cock. "Now, we get back to your punishment," he said.

Clara swallowed, looking nervous.

"Yes."

He thought about her punishment. It would be so easy to take her over his knee and spank that full ass. Nick wasn't a Dominant, and he had more interesting ways of punishing his prize.

****

Clara's entire body was on red alert. The orgasm he'd given her had taken her completely by surprise. The feel of his tongue across her pu**y had sent her arousal onto a level she wasn't anticipating.

"How should I punish you?"

He didn't expect a response, and she didn't give him one.

Her mind was all over the place. Nick was the first man to give her an orgasm. Closing her eyes, she pressed a hand to her stomach to try to stem the turmoil building within her. She wanted to hate him so much, but every second that she got to know him, her anger turned into something else.

"I know the perfect punishment."

Opening her eyes, she stared into his dark brown ones.

"Come here, Clara."

The sound of her name coming from his lips seemed more exotic and seductive somehow. It wasn't possible for a name to hold so much meaning, yet Nick made her think far more than what was actually there between them. He'd paid for her. She was merely a female for his pleasure.

Getting to her feet, she took the few steps to stand between his thighs.

"Straddle my lap. I want a leg on either side."

"I'm not ready to have sex," she said, panicking.

"When I'm ready to f**k you, you'll know it. Until then, do as I say."

She saw no use in arguing with him. Climbing onto his lap, she rested in an awkward position with her legs painfully tight to her body.

"Wrap your legs around my back." His hand moved between them. She felt the length of his c**k against her pu**y. "There, I'm not going to be f**king you today."

"What's my punishment?" she asked, feeling nervous. They were so close. She wasn't used to this kind of touching at all. Usually she wore clothes, and no one saw her naked. Not only had Nick seen her naked, he'd also brought her to orgasm.

"You'll see." His hands landed on her ass. Her br**sts were pressed to his chest. She watched as his gaze moved down toward her chest. "Offer me one of your tits."

Lifting a breast up to his mouth she tensed at the first touch of his lips around her nipple. He sucked the red flesh inside, and she cried out at the pleasure shooting through her body going straight to her clit.

Nick moved onto the next breast taking his time to suck on her ni**les and to kiss down her body.

His hands caressed up and down her back, cupping her ass to rub her pu**y against his cock. The sensation he was causing was everywhere.

"I want you to grip my cock," he said, nibbling her flesh.

"What?"

"Grab my cock."

She'd never touched a man's parts before. Reaching down, she circled his c**k with her fingers, trying not to touch him too tightly.

"More, hold me firmly, Clara, please."

Hearing the word please come from his lips surprised her. The little time they'd known each other he'd never used the word toward her.

Gripping his c**k tightly she felt the heat of him against her palm. He cursed, throwing his head back. His gaze was on her. The dark amber of his irises looked more wolf than human.

"Do you have any idea what you're doing to me?" he asked.

She shook her head. Clara really didn't have a clue. Glancing down to his lips, she wanted to feel them on her skin once again. Something was happening to her. She should be fighting, but all she wanted to do was kiss him, be with him.

"Here, touch me like this," he said, circling her hand with his own. He showed her what he liked, the pressure of her hand as she worked up and down the length of his cock.

Clara couldn't look away from the glistening tip glinting up at her as she worked his cock. When he moved his hand away she kept up the action wanting to give him pleasure like he'd done her.

"Kiss me, Clara."

She glanced up to see him staring at her. Leaning forward, she kept up the movement of her fist. He didn't open up like she had to him. Both of his hands cupped her face before they dove into her hair, pulling on the length.

With her head pulled backwards, her br**sts were exposed.

"I'm not going to f**k you today, Clara. I will warn you I'll do a hell of a lot more to your body, but I will not f**k you. I don't need to have my c**k inside you to bring us both pleasure." He kissed down her neck, biting over her pulse.

His touch was driving her crazy. What they were doing together was more than she could have ever hoped for. Working his c**k she felt the wetness at the tip with each glide up then down. Crying out, she gazed down to see him sucking her br**sts, taking each nipple in turn. Her body no longer felt like her own but was his to do with as he pleased.

Nick went from one breast to the other alternating between the two. He bit down, sucked then licked before turning his attention to the next.

"Harder, make it burn for me, baby," he said.

Tightening her grip, she cried out at the sudden jolt of pleasure slamming through her going straight to her clit. The grip in her hair tugged her head backwards. He kissed her neck going up to claim her lips then down to take her nipple.

She worked her hand harder and faster trying to send him over the peak like he'd done with her.

"Fuck, I'm going to come," he said, panting. His breath was deeper than she'd ever heard it. His h*ps jolted causing her to bounce on his lap. Glancing down she watched him move his cock, and the first wave of white cum spurted onto his stomach. Nick kept cl**axing. His release coated their stomachs with each pulse. She was fascinated by what she'd done to him.

"Thank you," he said, seconds later when nothing else would come from him.

"Erm, you're welcome."

"Your punishment is over with," he said, drawing her down to kiss her. "You may go and get changed now."

Staring down into his dark brown eyes, Clara frowned. "What? That's my punishment?"

"I could take you over my knee, but I thought your punishment was sufficient."

Clara didn't argue because as far as punishment went, it was the best one she'd ever experienced.

Chapter Six

Nick saw the shock on Clara's face along with the happiness. Slapping her ass, he ordered her to go and get dressed. Glancing down at his cum coated stomach he shook his head. He'd make a f**king awful Dom. When he walked into the sitting room he had every intention of slapping her ass. Seeing an opportunity to get more pleasure out of the experience had driven him to change the punishment to suit his need.

Getting up from the furniture he checked to make sure none of their releases had gotten onto the fabric.

Satisfied all was clear, he grabbed his clothing and walked to his bedroom. Showering and changing into a fresh set of clothes he went back downstairs to find Clara sitting in the robe once again.

"I've got to go out," he said, thinking about the urgent call from his office. "I'll be back for my guests. Amuse yourself, Clara. Look around, go for a swim. You can also stand around naked. No one will see you."

The light brightened in her gaze.

"You won't get a single chance to escape," he said. "I've coded everything. The moment I leave this house, the doors will close, and your only access outside will be looking through the windows." He saw the hope die within her.

He hated the sight of her defeat. Standing close to her, he leaned down kissing her head. "I'll be back before you know it."

The desire to stay at home was strong. He'd cut the conversation short and knew he had no choice but to go in.

"Amuse yourself while I'm gone."

Before he changed his mind, he spun on his heel and headed outside. The moment the door closed, all other doors and windows would shut. He'd designed the security for his own peace of mind. After being outlawed from all packs he'd been concerned for his safety. Some pack alphas would get it into their heads to hunt down an outlaw and remove him permanently.

No one even tried to hunt him down. They must all know he'd kill anyone who tried.

Climbing into his car, he waited for the gate to open then shut it before he was driving down the street heading toward the city to deal with his current problem. Getting a call from one of his security managers about Mark invading his offices had been a slight problem. Hearing from Mark again was another one of his problems mounting up the list of stuff he needed to deal with. The agreement should have been that their contact would cease the moment he paid for Clara.

Parking his car, he nodded toward another wolf shifter on his security team. Nick made sure to employ outlawed wolves like him. Most of the wolves didn't have the invasive mark that he did, but he respected them all the same.

He took the elevator taking him straight to his office. Dean was standing there with Mark and one of his security men, Bill.

"Get the f**k off me. This is business, nothing else," Mark said.

Closing the door, he watched with satisfaction as the men flinched. All of them had been so preoccupied with arguing they hadn't even smelled his approach.

"If I was still an alpha of a pack, I'd punish you all for simply not paying attention," Nick said, gaining their attention. Bill had walked out of his pack when they'd murdered his wife for being unfaithful to him. The laws of the pack were strict. Once a male and female mated, it was for life. If a female was to cheat then death was the penalty. He noticed the same rule didn't apply to the males. All they got was a slap on the wrist. Bill walked away because they took his life mate from him even though he'd asked to watch her with another man. Someone had spied on them, killed his mate, and Bill had left. The story was sad, depressingly so, and another reason why Nick would never be part of a pack even if one was offered.

"What's going on, Bill?" Nick asked, taking a seat behind his desk. Refusing to look at Mark, he concentrated on the men he didn't want to kill.

Don't kill her father. His death would make a mess, and there are more humans in the office than not.

He tried to reason with himself. The more he thought about what he learned of Clara, the harder it was not to hurt the bastard.

"This ass**le," Bill said, pointing at Mark. "Stormed into your building shouting out his demands."

Bill looked ready to commit murder.

Get in line, Bill. Anyone who takes out this f**ker will have to answer to me.

"He caused a stir, terrified the women, and started bad-mouthing you."

Moving his attention to Dean, he waited for another explanation.

"I tried to get him out of your office, Nick. He wants more money," Dean said, shrugging.

Getting his anger under control, Nick turned his attention onto the man he wished to murder. "What gives you the right to come into my place of work and start mouthing off?"

"I want more money."

"I paid you one million dollars for your daughter. You're not getting another cent from me." Staring at Clara's father, Nick couldn't stop the feeling of repulsion coming over him.

"She's worth a lot more than a million."

"I heard your wife say Clara is the runt of the litter. She means nothing to you. A million is more than fair." In truth, Nick would pay triple if not more to keep her.

"If you don't pay me more I'm going to the collection of alphas."

Nick raised a brow and turned to Dean, who shook his head.

"Interesting. You'll go to the collection of alphas?" Nick asked, standing up. The collection of alphas was responsible for his outlawed status. People referred to them as either the "collection of alphas" or as "the collective". The only desire he had to deal with the collective was to hurt them. The collection of alphas acted like social workers or the modern legal system for wolves.

"They would make you pay more."

"You really think they'd help you?" Nick asked, taking a step toward the other man. All he needed was any excuse to end this sack of shit's life and he'd do it in a heartbeat.

"I'm a pack wolf. They still answer to our calls, not outlawed bastards like yourself."

Leaning against his desk, Nick folded his arms over his chest, staring at the other man. "Go and get them. Tell them all that I won't pay you another cent of my money."

The other man looked confused. "I will."

"Good, then you can make them all aware how you sold a woman for money. Not only will you incriminate yourself, you'll bring everyone else down with you. I wonder how long you and your family would survive being outlawed with a lot of enemies, stronger enemies."

He let his words sink in.

"I'll get you for this," Mark said, pulling out of Bill and Dean's hold.

"I'm sure you will. Bye." Nick watched the angry man leave his office.

"Why does he suddenly want more?" Nick asked, turning to Dean.

"From what I hear he learned who you were and that you could pay a lot more money for her. He feels cheated that he only got so little from you instead of a larger payout."

"Fucking ass**le." Nick made arrangements with Bill to increase security. Once he was alone, he dialed one of the security firms he trusted and put a man on to trail Mark. The last thing he needed was for him to turn up and ruin his plans to mate with Clara.

****

Walking around na**d was not something Clara was ever going to be comfortable with. For so long she'd been forced to wear clothing that changing her habits was going to be hard. Hearing the door shut she stayed seated and watched the doors leading out of the kitchen to the patio close, beeping with a lock.

When she heard the gate close she stood up going toward the window. She tried to open one of the windows. None of them would move. The small draft came from a partially opened window near the ceiling. Unless she wanted to risk breaking her neck she wouldn't get through the slight gap.

Through the house she tried all the doors leading toward the outside. All of them were locked. She went to her room to try the door for the veranda, and once again she was stopped from going any further.

Great, she was locked in a large house with nothing to do. Sitting down on the edge of the bed she blew out a breath. Tapping her legs, she glanced around the room looking for something to do.

I'm bored.

Looking up at the wall in front of her, she waited for some miraculous idea to come to her.

Nothing.

I'm bored.

Again with the tapping of her leg, looking around the room for something to do, she found nothing.

There was no need to clean either.

I'm bored.

Losing her temper, she stood up leaving the bedroom.

She was alone in a large house that resembled a mansion, and instead of running around having fun she was sitting on the bed, bored out of her mind. Poking her head out of the door, she looked up and down the hall.

Drawing in air, she let out an ear-piercing scream. The noise echoed around the large house. Leaving her bedroom, she jumped up and down losing her mind as she ran up and down the corridor. Opening every door she came to she stuck her head inside, taking a quick glance.

Back at home she wasn't allowed to do anything or make too much noise. Finally letting go in the freedom of the large house, she ran up and down the corridor, charging downstairs making a lot of noise. She screamed, yelled, and cursed out, loving every second of not fearing a beating.

Once she got out of breath and bored of running up and downstairs, she went into the kitchen.

In the fridge she found a selection of chocolates along with plenty of fresh vegetables and fruit. Grabbing the chocolate along with the carton of juice she left the kitchen behind. She would spend more time exploring the kitchen later. Her love of cooking would send her there in no time. At home she wasn't allowed to cook as her mother hated anything she did.

Clara walked into his office, checking out some of the books on his shelves. His collection was amazing. None of the books were romantic. She sat behind his desk staring at the laptop. Clicking open she saw it was protected by a password. Wrinkling her nose she left the juice and chocolates on his desk to continue her search.

Running fingers through her hair, she moved from room to room looking for something to do. His office was a bust. Watching television in the sitting room wasn't going to work. Every time she looked at the coffee table she saw his head moving between her thighs giving her more pleasure than she could ever imagine.

Swinging her arms backwards and forwards she walked toward the back of the house and opened a door to his gym. She checked over the running machine, weights and other pieces of equipment before following through the room to find a swimming pool. The water looked clear and beautiful. Bending down, she placed her hand in the water swooshing it around.

Sitting on the edge she put her legs into the water, kicking out.

She hadn't gone swimming in such a long time. Would it be so bad to take the time now?

Lifting the shirt over her head, she climbed into the water trying not to create too much of a ripple.

Kicking off she did the width of the pool before swimming lengthways.

The feel of the water was amazing. She did several lengths before lying on her back staring up at the ceiling.

Time passed, and Clara realized how happy she actually was. When she was with her family she spent all of her time being scared in case she said something out of line to upset them. Constantly watching what she said or the way she looked had been exhausting. Nick didn't want anything from her, apart from her body. He wasn't making any demands.

Was it really so bad to be bought?

The anger she clung to evaporated as she thought about how good her life could be away from her family and the pack. They never loved her or cared about her. She'd been a thing of ridicule to them.

Something grabbed her around the waist. Screaming, Clara panicked and kicked out at the person who held onto her.

Kicking to the surface she spun to face him, and she saw Nick breaking the surface. He wasn't wearing a shirt, and her gaze wandered to the expanse of flesh on display.

"If I knew showing you the pool would get you na**d I'd have done so this morning," he said, pushing hair off his face.

"You f**king scared me." Finding her anger, she slapped out at his chest. Her heart was racing, and it had nothing to do with wanting sex. Nick had scared her.

He must have seen her fear as he held his hands up. "I'm so sorry. I thought you'd hear me."

She'd been so lost in her thoughts she hadn't heard anything. He held her arms pulling her closer. Hitting him one final time she wrapped her arms around him.

"Shit, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to scare you at all."

When she got her bearings back, she swam away, going to the other side of the pool.

Idiot. What the hell was all that about?

"How did you know where I was?" she asked.

"I followed your trail of crumbs. Those chocolates are expensive," he said.

"I was hungry."

"I'm not surprised. You should have eaten more this morning." He was close.

His hands went to either side of her blocking her against the side of the pool and his large body. She wouldn't turn around to look at him.

"If you let me get a job I can replace your chocolates."

"Not a chance. I don't care about the chocolates. They're yours. Everything in this house is yours."

Glancing over her shoulder, she saw him lean closer kissing her shoulder.

"I was bored," she said.

"What would stop you being bored?"

"Work."

He chuckled. "You're not getting a job, Clara. Try again."

Rolling her eyes she thought about what would keep her sane.

"Books."

"I've got plenty of books for you to read."

"Your taste in books is boring. I'm a woman, Nick."

"I know." His hands cupped her br**sts making her gasp.

"I like romance books." Trying to focus on anything while he cupped her br**sts was hard. Romance books, she needed romance books. Focus on them.

"Do you want paperbacks, or should I organize an e-reader?" he asked.

"What?"

"I can give you an account for your books, or I can have an e-reader in your hands by the end of the day and you can order whatever the hell you like." He kissed her neck, sucking on her pulse once again.

Heat flooded her pu**y.

"You'd do that for me?"

"I can't have my woman bored, now can I?" he asked.

She shook her head getting a thrill at his attention.

"Turn around and kiss me."

Clara spun around, wrapping her arms around his neck holding on. Pressing her lips to his she moaned at the contact.

His hands moved to her hair, tugging on the strands. She broke away from the kiss, closing her eyes as his lips descended. His lips and teeth bit her ni**les.

She wanted more.

The sound of the doorbell going echoed around the house.

"How can we hear that?" she asked, jerking up expecting to see a lot more people entering the room.

"The house is big, and I need to be able to hear everything." His gaze fell back to her. "Saved by the bell."

He kissed her lips before climbing out.

Clara accepted his hand and got out alongside him. She wondered who was at the door. Her curiosity was the only reason. She refused to accept that she hated Nick being interrupted.

Grabbing her shirt, she followed behind him. Her emotions were all over the place. She didn't know what she liked or not.

Chapter Seven

Nick grabbed his trousers tugging them on as he walked out of the pool. He'd forgotten all about the delivery of Clara's clothes. Taking her hand they walked toward the front door. He left the gate open on his way inside.

The moment he entered the pool seeing her na**d all of his plans left his mind. The only plan he had was to get Clara wrapped around him. Fuck, his c**k was rock hard and causing him no end of trouble.

He opened the door and ushered the people toward the sitting room. "I want you to pick out whatever you want," he said.

His money spoke volumes, and he had been able to get the woman who owned a boutique in town to bring plenty of outfits for Clara to try.

"Where are you going?" she asked, nibbling her lip.

Shit, she was going to be the death of him.

"I've got to see a guy about an e-reader," he said.

Her smile was beautiful. Kissing her head, he ordered her to have fun. Going into his office, he dialed Dean's number.

"What can I do for you now?" he asked. "I gave you the means of getting a woman. What more could you possibly want?"

"I need you to pick up an e-reader and bring it to my house," Nick said, eating one of the chocolates left in the box. They really were tasty. He wondered if she liked them or not. There were not many left in the box. Sipping at the juice he stared out of the window.

"What the f**k for?" Dean was a lazy ass. He only ever did what was necessary and never went out of his way.

"I've got to find some way to keep my woman interested. I didn't buy her to remain on her back at all times." He took another chocolate waiting for his friend to answer.

"I can't stay for dinner. Pack is having a meeting and is requesting my presence." Dean's pack didn't like their friendship. Nick wondered if it was going to cause the other man a problem and asked. "It shouldn't. None of the packs should have any influence in being friends."

He heard Dean sigh. Their friendship was strange. They were both wealthy businessmen. Dean worked for him as well when it came to business with other wolves. They also had many ventures together making money.

"If it does let me know. I doubt you could handle exile."

"Fuck off, Nick. I could more than handle exile. I've got a string of willing women who'd come with me."

Laughing, Nick turned back to look through the door. Clara was turning in a pair of jeans that did nothing for her figure and pissed him off. In fact they were horrid. They made her look large without any curves. "I've got to go. Don't forget the e-reader, or I'll never forgive you."

"Whatever. See you soon." Dean rung off first. Snapping his phone shut, Nick went toward the other room.

"You're not having them. They're f**king horrid."

For the next hour he stopped Clara from taking clothes that were awful. When she made no move toward the dresses or skirt, Nick picked out the colors he liked. He stood watching her as she changed into the skirts. The women were sniggering, but he didn't give them any of his attention. His focus was entirely on the woman in front of him.

"Nick, please, turn around," she said, begging him.

"This is my hard-earned money. I'm not going anywhere, honey. You're going to change into the clothes I like." Tapping his chin, he waited for her to wriggle into the skirt. Staring at it with a critical eye, he picked out three pencil skirts along with ten dresses. "We'll go shopping soon for more clothes."

He packed the women out of his house leaving him alone with Clara. Turning around he saw Clara wasn't standing behind him. Nick found her folding up clothes and placing them in a neat pile. She tugged off the tags hanging from the neck of each item.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"I'm putting my new clothes away," she said. Her agitation was easy to read.

"Why do I get the feeling you're pissed at me?" he asked.

She stood up, glaring at him but not saying a word.

"Am I supposed to guess what's going on in your head?"

Clara picked up the clothes and brushed past him. Staring up at the ceiling, Nick wished they were back in the pool when she was softer against him, loving what he did to her body. Checking his watch, he saw it was only a little after three. Dean wouldn't be arriving 'til six, and then they had the rest of the night. There was no way he'd be spending the rest of the day dealing with her mood.

Following upstairs, he found her putting clothes in the walk-in wardrobe. "What's your problem?" he asked.

"Nothing," she said, brushing him off. She pushed past him to grab another item of clothing. For several minutes she busied herself ignoring him at every turn. His anger was increasing. She was supposed to be thankful to him. Not only had he bought her but he'd also given her a far better life.

"Stop." He grabbed her arm as she tried to pass him.

She stared at the ground, not giving him the time of day.

"For f**k's sake, stop being a baby and tell me what your problem is."

Her eyes sparkled, shooting him with a glare. He found her anger incredibly cute.

Not good. She's pissed.

"I'm being a baby? I'm not the one who has to be in control of everything." She growled out her frustration. Tugging her arm out of his hold, she finished putting away her clothing.

His frustration was piqued. "What the f**k are you talking about?" he asked.

"You have no idea, do you?"

"I'm not a bloody woman. I can't read minds either." Running fingers through his hair he was confused by what went wrong.

"Fine. It's all right for you being used to being this f**king god to all women, but people like me are not."

"What the hell are you getting at?" he asked.

None of her words were making sense. Why couldn't they go back to the pool where she was more than happy to give a part of herself to him?

****

Nick was going to make her say it. Clara folded her arms underneath her br**sts aware the shirt she wore rode up her thighs. She had spent the last hour listening to the women laugh and giggle. Every noise made her aware of how she stood out like a sore thumb. He could have any woman he wanted. Instead he'd bought her.

Why would anyone want anything to do with her? The women were gorgeous and didn't have a single ounce of excess fat on them.

"What are you trying to say?" he asked, repeating his question.

"Why me? Why did you pick me?" She opened her arms wide feeling all the years of insecurity clawing up on her.

His eyes looked up and down her body. "Whatever you've got to say, Clara, just come out and say it," he said.

She knew he was angry, but so was she.

"I'm not like other women. I eat food, and I've got extra weight on my bones. I'm not beautiful at all. Why me? Why did you pick me?" she asked, glaring at him.

When she finished, she was panting for breath.

"You didn't learn anything from your punishment, did you?" His hands rested on his h*ps waiting.

"This morning wasn't about punishment. You were just looking for any excuse to get me naked. You're like them." She pointed downstairs thinking about how the woman left her feeling. "You only want to humiliate me."

Clara stared at him accusing him at every turn.

"So you think I only want to hurt you, humiliate you?" he asked.

"We don't know each other. What am I supposed to think?"

Nick took a step back. "I don't care what you think, but whatever it is, I need to get away from you, otherwise I'm going to hurt you."

He left the room, leaving her standing, staring at the space he'd been standing in.

What had just happened? Folding her arms, she held onto herself trying to ground her rioting thoughts. Shit, she'd just accused him of using her when the truth was she'd been angry and jealous of the women. When he left the room they'd talked amongst themselves ignoring her.

Why had she lashed out at Nick? He'd not done anything but make her feel special since knowing him. This morning had been the highlight of her life. His touch made her burn in ways she didn't know existed.

Great, Clara, you've f**ked up big time.

Feeling awful at blaming Nick for everything, she started walking around the house trying to find him. He was nowhere to be seen. His office was bare along with the kitchen, sitting room and the garden. The doors were no longer closed. Her chance to escape was at her fingertips. Stepping out, she looked up at the sun feeling the heat glowing over her.

"No," she said, speaking to herself.

She couldn't leave.

Turning, she walked back into the house and went toward the gym. She found Nick pummeling the life out of a punching bag that hung on a hook. He didn't stop as she entered.

"You could have run," he said, hitting out.

"I know. I didn't want to leave." She answered him truthfully.

He jerked, turning to look at her. "Why? I'm such an awful person."

Staring down at the floor she wished it would open up and take her away. "I was an idiot."

Nick started to hit at the punching bag.

"I'm sorry, okay. I don't know you at all, and I lashed out. I shouldn't have done it, but I did." She ran fingers through her hair, looking around the room. "You bought me with money, Nick. What do you expect me to say?"

"I took you away from cruel bastards who were abusing you." His eyes shone amber as they stared at her.

"I don't know you. You're outlawed."

She'd seen the silver in his chest showing his outlawed status. The sight didn't affect or offend her. Clara recalled women saying how ugly it made the person who carried the outlawed mark. Nick wasn't ugly. Nothing would stop his sexiness, not even silver embedded in his chest.

He lashed out, kicking the punching bag off the hook. She watched the dent the bag made in the wall. His strength shocked her.

"You want to know about me, fine, I'll tell you what you need to know." He turned to stare at her.

She glanced down to his chest, biting her lip at the silver. It must have hurt to have his flesh cut apart and the silver poured into the cut.

"I was an alpha. A f**king good one. I ruled my pack and took pride at how they flourished. Every decision I made, I did so to bring them a good life. I'm not a mean son of a bitch like some of them." He picked up the bag, resting it against the opposite wall. She saw him shake his head at the damage he caused.

"Then one day I invited some of the alpha collective to my place in kindness and celebration of a mated couple." He stared at something over her shoulder, clearly seeing into his own past rather than at her. "The celebrations were high, the alcohol was flowing, the love building to a combustible level." He swallowed. "I walked into the house to hear screaming and scuffling. The smell of fear came from the basement. Without calling for any of my pack I went to see what the damage was."

Tears filled her eyes at the memory he was creating. She didn't want to know what happened next but felt compelled to listen.

"I found the mated female dead on the floor. Her body was badly bruised, and one of the collective alphas was trying to clean up the mess of his rape and murder." Tears glistened in his eyes at the bitter memory. "I helped that girl. She had been part of my pack from a baby. I was there when she reached full maturity. The full moon was a festive reason to gather and enjoy." He stopped to bite his lip. "The alpha took that away from her. He forced himself on her, and before she could shout out, he killed her. Suffocated her until he was finished."

The sight must have been horrific, but to have known the woman would leave more scars that were worse than any kind on the flesh.

"He was an alpha, and he had hurt one of my females. I loved her like a daughter, and he ended her life because she refused him. I didn't seek justice from the others. I took care of my own justice. I killed him and gave his head to her mate as a prize." Nick took a step closer. "That's the kind of man I am, Clara. If anyone tries to hurt what's mine, I will exact my vengeance. I was tried and then outlawed."

"What happened to the man, the mate?" she asked.

"He killed himself. If they could outlaw a man for killing a ra**st and murderer, it didn't leave him much hope. He thanked me in his final letter for giving him some kind of closure."

He stormed past her, leaving her alone to dwell in everything he said. Nick was a good man regardless of the fact he had bought her.

Chapter Eight

Nick stayed away from Clara after admitting the truth. For the next week he only saw her for breakfast and dinner. He left for work early only to return late at night to find his dinner keeping warm in the oven. The e-reader was in the top part of his desk. He still needed to give it to her.

His reluctance to be near her was ridiculous. Staring at his phone on his office desk, Nick wondered if he should call her. At night he snuck into her bedroom to hold her throughout the night. Come morning, he left her alone. She never said a word about him staying with her.

She tried to have conversations with him, but he cut her short, finding peace in another part of the house.

"You know, buying a woman was supposed to mean you'd stop being so bloody moody," Dean said, sitting opposite him.

"What?" Nick asked, jerking up to look at the other man.

"You're moody. Your employees are afraid to enter your office in case you have a go at them." Dean leaned forward taking one of the sweets, Nick left out.

"What the f**k are you doing in my office?" He wasn't in the mood to deal with his friend. The other man's perky attitude was not welcome. He needed to think.

"I got a call from your personal assistant, who is worried about you. She asked for me to come down and see you," Dean said.

"I should fire the woman." Mrs. Lambert was amazing. She put up with all of his quirks and never argued with him even though he deserved it half the time.

"Trouble in paradise?"

Glaring at him, Nick turned off his computer and stood.

"Didn't the e-reader work?"

Ignoring his friend, Nick tried to think of an excuse to get rid of him. Even Dean took offence at being used and told him to f**k off.

"How was your meeting with the alphas?" Nick asked, getting ready to leave for home.

"Stop dodging my questions. You bought Clara. Why are you looking moody? I thought the point of her was for you to let off steam."

Nick didn't say anything.

"For f**k's sake, stop cutting everyone off. Talking actually helps. I know it's strange for you to even consider shit like that, but it does f**king work," Dean said.

"I told her why I was outlawed. I lost my temper with what she said and told her everything. We've not spoken in the last week. To be honest, I don't have a clue what to say to her or how to move past what I've said." He shrugged, feeling lost for the first time in his life. When he was being sentenced to be outlawed, he hadn't felt lost. All of his life he'd known everything there was to know about his pack. Clara made him feel lost at every turn.

"Shit, what did she say?" Dean asked.

"I haven't given her chance to say or do anything. I won't say anything, and I don't know what to do in order for us to start talking."

Dean was silent for several seconds.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm going home. I try to find ways to break the ice, but I stop before I get the chance to mend our fences."

He walked toward the door. Dean was one of the few men he actually trusted.

"Give her the e-reader," Dean said, catching his attention again.

"What?"

"You bought her the damn thing. Give it to her over dinner tonight and start talking. I don't know. Sit with her while she downloads books. Don't give up."

Nick would certainly think about it. He'd love the chance to hold her in his arms before she fell to sleep.

"What happened with the alphas?" he asked, interested to know what was going on in the world he'd left behind.

"They're talking about the selling of women. They've stumbled onto the websites along with the auctions of female wolves. They're not happy and are asking for my help."

"I take it I was mentioned."

"Yes, but more as a topic of interest, Nick. I believe they regret outlawing you."

"Well, they did, and there's no going back. I'll see you soon," Nick said, ready to leave.

"If they were to offer you back your status and give you a pack, would you take it?" Dean asked.

"No, I wouldn't." Nick didn't hesitate in answering. In the early days of becoming an outlaw he'd have taken his pack back at the first moment. Now, he wouldn't dream of going back. They could give him back his pack and easily take it away.

"Why not?"

"I no longer want a pack that's overruled by a collective of alphas who think they're above the law."

"It was a long time ago, Nick. You've got to get over one man's actions." Dean placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. He shrugged the hand off.

"You didn't see what he did to her. If you did, you wouldn't be trying to bring me back into the fold. My life as an alpha ended that day." Nick walked out of the office, thankful to leave his past behind.

Clara knew the truth, and it was time for him to man up. It wasn't her fault he still felt guilty for putting the female in harm's way.

The drive home didn't last long enough. He entered the house and heard Clara making something in the kitchen. The scent of her baking filled the house. He noticed she baked a lot. Nick had taken her spare baking into the office so none of it went off.

He couldn't be that moody to share his woman's baking, could he?

Either way, he went to his office, putting his case away then grabbing the e-reader from the desk. It was all set up ready to receive books.

Give it to her.

She used to meet him the moment he walked into the house after he shouted at her. After the third day of him yelling at her, she stopped welcoming him home.

He'd f**ked up. Keeping hold of the e-reader, Nick was determined to fix what he'd broken.

****

Clara kept mixing the potatoes even as she heard Nick enter the house. She had f**ked up and hadn't gotten the opportunity to apologize to him. There was only so much shouting she could deal with, so she tried to stay out of his way. She tried not to feel the hurt of being cut off from all contact. The last week with Nick had been the same as living with her parents. He didn't talk to her, only accepted silence, and she spent most of her time trying to avoid him. The latest batch of cookies was cooling on the tray.

The only consolation she found was him taking her baking into work. At least nothing went off. She found the cookbooks in one of the cupboards, and her days had been spent marking the pages of the recipes she wanted to cook. He never complained about what she cooked, nor did he voice happiness at the food she presented to him.

The chicken and roast potatoes were keeping warm, and she tasted the mashed potatoes to see for their seasoning. Once they were done, she walked into the dining room to set their places.

When that was done, she went and served up. Putting the two plates on the mats, she removed the apron she used to keep her clothes nice and clean.

She wore a pair of tight jeans and red shirt that molded to her curves. Licking her lips, she pinched her cheeks hoping to put some color back into them. Seconds later she knocked on his office door, which was closed.

"What?" he asked.

Shrinking away from his anger, she called through the door hoping he heard.

"Dinner is served," she said, moving away before he answered. Her place setting was beside him. Moving it three chairs down like the other times she took a seat and started to eat.

Clara refused to cry at his harsh words.

He joined her, stopping beside her chair. She stayed tense wondering if he would send her away. Holding her breath, she waited for him to move before eating again.

She sped up eating in the hope of getting away from him quickly.

"How was your day?" he asked.

"Fine."

Nick asked her, and when she started talking and talking, he demanded she shut up as he was only hoping for a one word answer. He started eating, and Clara finished, leaving half of her plate. His anger unnerved her more than anything else.

Taking her drink with her, she entered the kitchen and started cleaning up. It was stupid of her trying to look nice for him. Whatever they'd shared in the first twenty-four hours of them knowing each other was long gone.

She washed up by hand each item. Twenty minutes had passed by the time she finished with the kitchen. Nick should be finished and long gone to his own part of the house giving her the freedom to disappear to her room.

Entering the dining room she found Nick sat, staring at the door. His gaze was on her, and she froze.

"Are you finished?" she asked.

"No, come and sit with me."

"I've got to finish the dishes." She took a step back ready to escape.

"I've just listened to you do all the dishes and take your time about it. I'm sure my plate can wait for you to wash. I'm not covered in diseases."

She blushed and stepped closer to take her seat.

"No, don't sit there. Sit here." He shoved the chair beside him out for her to sit on.

Once she was seated, she locked her fingers together in her lap.

"I've been a complete bastard to you, and I apologize."

Staying silent, she chanced a look at him. His eyes were on her and made no move to look away.

"Erm, what do you want?" she asked after several seconds when he didn't speak.

"Will you accept my apology?"

"There's nothing to accept. I overreacted, and I wanted to say sorry to you."

"No, you didn't overreact at all, but I accept your apology." He took her hand, locking their fingers together. Staring at where he touched her to his face, Clara felt her heart racing. This was the first real contact they had in over a week. "I shouldn't have treated you the way I did. I hope you can forgive me."

She nodded. "I forgive you."

"You're not going to make me grovel?"

"No."

"Well, I've got a present for you. I had intended to give you this a week ago." He leaned down and grabbed something off the floor.

Clara couldn't deny the excitement. He was the first person to think to give her a gift. "I don't own any romance novels, but I hope this can make up for it." He handed her a rectangular box.

Staring down at it she saw it was an e-reader.

"We can fill it up now if you want."

"Yes, I'd love that."

She opened the box easing out her present. The instructions were easy, and Nick got up, taking her hand as they headed toward his office. He took a seat then told her to sit on his lap. She was still tense but watched as he logged into his account.

Bringing up the books she started to pick out everything she wanted. After ten books she stopped, feeling embarrassed for asking for so much.

"You've not bought a lot. You're going to need enough to last you for the next week, Clara. Buy as much as you want."

He bought her over fifty books to get started. His hand rested on her back while she leaned forward reading blurbs and looking at the books she wanted to buy.

When she downloaded them all, she reached back and kissed his lips.

"Thank you," she said.

Nick caught the back of her neck, holding her in place. "Don't mention it." His fingers caressed the back of her neck. She still felt tense at his touch.

"I fancy going for a swim. Will you join me?" he asked.

She had a swimsuit with all of her clothes. "Sure."

"Good, I'll meet you in the pool." He slapped her ass lightly as she stood up.

Clara didn't look back and continued upstairs to change. She put her present beside her bed looking forward to reading the many books on the machine.

Removing her clothes, she quickly put her swimsuit on and went downstairs. She found the pool empty and dove into the water. Breaking the surface, she kept working her body in the hope of relieving some of the stress from her tight muscles.

Chapter Nine

Clara's tense body didn't go unnoticed to him. Nick finished paying for her purchases and stood to look outside of the window. He needed to put her at ease around him once more. His attitude over the past week would upset anyone even a fully grown man, and he'd directed it at Clara. She'd been the receiver of much unhappiness from her family, and all he'd done was add to it.

He hated the feeling of causing her pain. After enough time had passed he went to the pool. She was walking up and down the pool. He saw the tightness of her body from where he stood.

Hating every second she was nervous knowing he was the cause he removed his clothing. He left his boxer briefs on just in case. Clara no longer trusted him, and it was up to him to start to mend their fences. She'd tried and got her head bitten off for her attempt.

"I like your swimsuit," he said, drawing her attention toward him.

"It was with all the clothes you bought." She sank beneath the water hiding her body. Climbing inside he moved toward her, keeping each step steady.

"It looks good on you. I prefer you naked."

She turned and started to swim away from him. Cursing, Nick watched her go. They needed to cut through this stalemate somehow.

"Will you give me a f**king chance?" he asked, shouting when he didn't intend to. She stood up, turning to look at him.

The hurt in her eyes cut him deep.

"I told you the truth about how and why I became outlawed. Since then I've been a f**king idiot, and I regret my actions." He splashed the water feeling helpless. At least she stopped swimming to listen to him. "Please, talk to me."

"I tried to talk to you after you told me everything. You wouldn't listen to me."

"I know. I f**ked up, okay. I was hurt, and I don't talk about my past with everyone. It still hurts to think about what happened. I don't care about not being an alpha, but knowing I failed my pack, still f**king hurts."

Nick decided to be honest with her rather than lie. She would understand or at least try to.

"I'm sorry you were outlawed. You sounded like a good alpha. You shouldn't have been cast out for what you did."

"I tried to be good to my pack. I'd do anything for them, even die for them if they asked." He opened his arms wide, looking around the pool. "When I bought you, I did it because I wanted to f**k a female wolf. I've been with hundreds of women, and none of them can take what I can give. I love hard sex, rough sex." He ran fingers through his hair as he put himself on the line. "I know I'm asking for a lot, but all I want is your forgiveness, Clara. I f**ked up, but I don't just want sex from you. I want it all even though I don't deserve shit from you."

"Why don't you deserve anything from me?" she asked.

"I killed someone." He no longer cared he was a murderer. Over the years since it happened he had revisited that night over and over again and realized he wouldn't change a damn thing.

Any man who forced themselves and then killed a woman deserved to die in his book. His pack was his life, and protecting every member ran within his veins.

"You did it because he hurt one of your family. A pack is supposed to be your family. I don't think badly of you, Nick. I admire your strength and your courage."

She stepped closer. He forced himself to stay still, giving her more than enough room to pad the water toward him.

"Not only did you exact your own justice, you gave her mate some peace of mind. He killed himself, but before they gave you such an awful sentence, he wouldn't have. You're not responsible for his death. The collective of alphas are."

Nick took her hand as she got close enough to touch. "You're too damn nice for your own good."

Clara smiled. "No, I'm not. I just know what it's like to not belong. My whole family hated me, Nick. Your pack loved you. Would you ever go back to them if given the chance?"

"No, I wouldn't." He couldn't bring himself to join back to a pack who'd been ruled by a different alpha for so long. That kind of takeover could cause more problems than he cared to think about.

Cupping the back of her neck, he drew her close.

"Why not?" she asked, whispering the words against his cheek.

"Taking over any pack can be tricky. Men, women, even the children know you're there because you overthrew their old alpha. I can't do that. I can't go back and see my pack hate me." Nick closed his eyes, more interested in inhaling her sweet scent. Fuck, the last week had been torture. Now that he had her in his arms, he never wanted to let go again. She meant everything to him.

"It was your pack to start off with. How can you not see them welcoming you with open arms?" She cupped his face, tilting him back to look at him.

Nick, given the choice, would have claimed her mouth to silence her. He knew she deserved the truth.

"They put up a fight over the verdict, but they could do nothing. The alpha who took over is a good one. I made sure for the first couple of years that he was good for them all. I would never have forgiven myself if something happened to them." Nick hated it when he agreed with the new alpha's methods. When he realized he was never going to become an alpha again he had focused all of his attention into making money. Once he settled on money he made sure to employ other outlawed males who didn't agree with the collective alphas' decisions. His business thrived, and he'd found a best friend in Dean.

Life was more than perfect for him.

"Are you happy?" she asked.

Nick ran his fingers down her back to cup her ass. "With you in my life, Clara, I've never been happier." He turned her, pressing her against the side of the pool. His desire rose with every second passing. There was a challenge he needed to win. By the next full moon Clara would be in his bed.

Will you be in her heart?

Leaning down, he licked a line across her plump, inviting lips. The thought made him pause for a split second, wondering if it was possible to get her to fall for him. He'd bought her like a possession, and it was how he thought of her at times, his prized, virgin possession.

"Nick," she said, moaning.

"Do you forgive me?"

"Do you promise never to be a grouch again?"

"Yes." He claimed her lips, slamming his tongue inside her mouth. Nick trapped her against the wall, kissing her deeply, wanting her to moan and writhe against his touch.

She held onto his shoulders with her nails digging into his flesh. He moaned, loving the small bite of pain her nails gave him.

Opening her thighs, he got her to wrap her legs around his waist. Her pu**y pressed to his stomach, and he wished she'd not worn a one piece swimsuit. No matter, he'd have her na**d in no time.

Cupping her ass, he gripped the back of her head holding her in place to take his kiss.

He broke the kiss first, going down her neck. Tearing the costume from her body, he exposed one full, rounded red nipple. Biting down into the harsh bud he heard her scream. The scent of her need wasn't dulled by the water.

Nick needed more. Walking toward the stairs at the far side of the pool he laid her on the cool ground.

In two easy tugs he removed the swimsuit from her body. He admired every curve, loving the feel of her against his palm.

"I will never regret owning you, Clara. I want you more than my next breath."

"Please, don't stop, Nick." She arched up as he sucked her nipple into his mouth. He tweaked the other nipple, watching her scream. Clara always responded to him when he caused just a slight edge of pain.

He worked his boxer briefs down and fisted his rock hard cock. The need built to a fever pitch inside him. Kissing down her body, he felt her stomach quiver beneath his touch.

When he got to her pu**y he discovered she was blisteringly hot with copious amounts of cum getting her nice and slick for his cock.

Nick inhaled the musky scent of her cum before moving down to tongue her juicy slit. "Fuck, baby, you're so f**king ready for my cock."

Sliding his tongue down her pu**y, he flicked her cl*t feeling her shake at the slightest touch. She was so f**king sensitive.

"Please, Nick, I need you."

"Are you sure, baby?" He was more than ready to f**k her, but he hoped she was ready to take him.

Once he started he wasn't going to stop.

****

"Yes, I'm sure. Totally sure." Clara couldn't deny her need for him. She'd never been with a man before, and she trusted Nick to be her first. The last week had been a nightmare. Nick refusing to talk to her had left her feeling like she was back at home. After one day of feeling like a person who mattered, his lack of attention hurt more than ever. He was nothing like her family. The way he made her feel was more than she ever thought was possible.

Years of her family making her feel like a runt with her excess weight and ugliness had really dented her confidence.

He gripped her thighs, opening her wide. His tongue slid up and down her slit, smashing against her clit. The pleasure of his mouth was more than she could stand. There was nothing for her to hold onto. The ground beneath her was slick from the water of the pool. Closing her eyes, she thrust up to meet him feeling the first stirrings of her orgasm.

Nick held her down with a hand on her stomach. He kept her in place as he tormented her body. His talented tongue kept her at the edge of bliss but didn't allow her to tumble over. Crying out in frustration she didn't know what to do to make him give her an orgasm.

He reared up over her, breaking complete contact.

She stared into his eyes seeing the dark brown depths had changed to a light amber. His wolf was close to the surface. The heat radiating off him filled her with so much need.

"Please, Nick."

"I'm going to f**k you now, and when I'm done you're never going to think of another man." His words were strange considering he was the only man she ever wanted.

Glancing down, she saw him grip his arousal, rubbing the tip through her slit. He hit her clit, and she cried out at the explosion of pleasure.

"This is going to hurt, but I can't stop. Fuck, I can smell how horny you are. You need my cock." He fit the tip of his c**k against her entrance. Already she felt him stretching her. The feeling wasn't entirely unpleasant either.

She kept begging him, wanting to feel his length within her.

His hands returned to her hips, holding her in place as with one hard thrust, he seated himself deep within her core. Clara screamed at the abrupt pain gripping her.

"Hold onto me, Clara. This pain can't be helped."

Tears filled her eyes, but she didn't struggle away from him. Clara did as he instructed, holding onto him as he held her in place. There was nowhere else for her to go other than in his arms. She needed him. The pain didn't last long and was soon overridden with intense pleasure.

The feel of his c**k pulsing inside her gave her more pleasure than she ever imagined.

"Do you feel what you do to me?" he asked, pushing strands of errant hair out of the way. Nick kissed her lips, wiping away the tears that spilled out of her eyes. "You're so beautiful. You will never see what I do." He bit into her bottom lip, making her moan. Arching up against him, she felt his c**k slide deeper within her core. "Your cunt is so slick and gripping me like a f**king fist."

His words turned her on.

"I should have taken your virginity in a bed, but I couldn't wait any longer. I needed to be inside you."

"Shut up and kiss me." She pressed a finger to his lips wanting him to stop. His c**k was no longer hurting her but tormenting her. "Please, f**k me, Nick."

She'd read so many words of love and begging for sex in her books, never expecting to use them herself. Nick had made it all possible. Clara was so grateful to him for buying her. The very thought of why she was grateful made her want to laugh. No woman should be grateful for being bought.

"As my lady wishes." He took her lips before drawing out of her body. She whimpered, not wanting him to leave her at all. "Trust me, baby. I'm going to make you scream before the end."

Smiling, Clara more than trusted his ability to do as he said.

He drew all the way out of her until only the tip remained. "Look at us, Clara."

Glancing down, she saw the length of his c**k with her cream along with a small tinge of blood on his cock. Heat flamed in her cheeks at the obvious evidence of arousal. "I'm going to fill you with my cum, Clara, and no man will ever touch you. I'm going to rub my scent into your f**king skin."

"Yes," she said, moaning.

Nick slammed in deep, hitting her cervix. The pain had her jerking off the floor. He merely caught her, pulling out and doing the same again. He f**ked her hard, making each thrust hurt but also drove her closer toward her orgasm.

"Hold onto me."

She wrapped her arms around his neck, and he turned their positions so she was sitting on his lap. His c**k was in as deep as it could go from this new angle. "I want to hold you and watch you come apart in my arms."

Acting on instinct, she kissed his lips. His fingers tightened in her hair, pulling her head back to expose her neck.

"There is so much I'm going to do to you," he said. His gaze fell to her br**sts. "I'm going to bring you nothing but pleasure, Clara. Every step you take, you're going to be so sore and remember everything I do to you." He leaned down, taking one of her ni**les into his mouth. "I'm going to fill your body with my cum and surround you with my scent."

He circled her ni**les with his tongue then bit into them.

"You're driving me crazy," she said, gasping. He touched her clit, and her muscles tightened around his cock. His length felt bigger than ever before.

"Do you want me to let you come?" he asked.

"Yes."

She wouldn't last if he didn't let her come.

Chapter Ten

Nick stroked Clara's swollen clit. She was so f**king wild in his arms. The sight of her virgin blood on his c**k had set off something primal inside his head. He wanted to surround her in his scent. For the rest of his life he would be pumping his seed deep into her body. He hadn't used a condom as it wasn't her time to conceive but also because he wanted her na**d heat around his cock.

Every stroke over her cl*t had her cunt tightening around him like a fist. Her pu**y was pure heaven. He'd never known such a tight pu**y in all of his life. The moment he hit her cervix, he'd scented her pain along with the pleasure. She was so right for him.

His teeth started to elongate ready to mate with her. Dropping his head to her neck, licking the pulse that pounded against his tongue, Nick knew she wasn't ready to be mated to him. If he tried to mate her, she'd panic. The knowledge sent his teeth back until they were his human teeth once again.

Pinching her cl*t he thrust inside her, going deeper inside. She rode his c**k as the pleasure took over. Clara panted for breath, and each sound coming out of her was of a moan. Her whole body was aflame and flushed.

"Please, Nick, please." Her begging pulled at him.

Pounding inside her Nick stroked her cl*t at the same time. Her body was shaking, and her cum surrounded his cock.

His own release was seconds away, but he wasn't going to come until she had.

"Come for me, Clara. Give me your cum."

She screamed as her orgasm struck her hard. He f**ked her hard, not quite so hard due to the angle, but hard enough to draw her pleasure out even more.

Nick held her tightly as he f**ked to his own release. Grunting, he held her in place with an arm around her waist and another in her hair. She didn't try to shove away from him but held him tightly. They were both sweating as he pumped his cum into her waiting cunt.

"Fuck, baby, you're going to wear me out," he said, resting his head against hers.

"Me? This was all your fault." She rested against his shoulder.

Stroking her red hair, he felt each spasm of her pu**y around him.

"I'm not a virgin anymore." She spoke the words in a sigh. Nick tensed. He'd tried to make it good for her through the pain.

"Do you regret being with me?"

"No." She pulled back. Her eyes were a sparkling green, and her face was a lovely rosy red. "It was the best feeling in the world." She kissed his lips, smiling. "Can we go again?"

"Soon." He picked her up looking at the pool. No, he wasn't going to wash in the pool. Nick carried her out of the pool, through the gym then out to the main hall before taking her upstairs to his room.

"Where are we going?" she asked, pressing her head against his.

"We're going to have a bath with some soothing salts to help with any soreness you may be feeling."

"Then can we f**k?"

The word sounded odd coming from her lips. Chuckling, he kicked open his bedroom door, carrying her over the threshold. "Have you ever said that word before?"

"Not really. I've read about it plenty." He placed her on her feet before setting about getting her into the bath.

He scented her virgin blood, and the urge to take care of her struck him hard.

Once the bath was filled with the soothing bath salts, he ordered her to rest.

"Where are you going?" she asked, grabbing his hand stopping him from leaving.

"I've got to get you something to help." He kissed her hand, sinking his fingers into her hair. "I'm not going anywhere. Tomorrow morning you'll thank me for my attention."

Stroking her cheek, he left the room walking back to the kitchen. He set some milk into a saucepan. Nick worked his kitchen while he was still naked. After sex clothing would have itched his skin. Opening a window he let the cool air into the room.

The smells of the fresh grass, the air and trees called to his wolf. The urge to leave the house and take a run of victory was strong. He forced the need down. Not only had he gotten Clara into his bed before the allotted time, he'd also found his mate.

Nick was sure she was his mate. The women he'd been with before had never inspired the mating bite within him.

Adding a splash of vanilla he gave it a whisk before adding the best chocolate he could find. Carrying hot chocolate, fruit, and cream, he went back upstairs to find her lying back resting.

"You're back?"

"I was tempted to go for a run, but I thought you might like to come with me." He climbed into the bathtub, putting the drinks on the floor along with the bowls of fruit and cream.

Once he was comfortable, he grabbed her cup and handed it to her.

"Is this supposed to help?" she asked.

"Nothing medicinal about it. I thought chocolate was the cures for all ills for women."

Clara chuckled. "Nah, it doesn't help at all, but the thought is perfect all on its own."

He watched her sipping at the liquid. Her plump lips were bruised from his kisses.

Reaching down, he grabbed a strawberry and dipped the ripe fruit into the cream. "Open up," he said, pressing the tip to her lips. Some of the cream dripped onto her breast. Clara bit into the fruit, and he finished it off.

"So juicy."

He leaned forward licking off the droplet of cream. "I agree, however, I know something else that is juicy." Nick raised a brow so she knew what he was talking about.

For the next twenty minutes he fed her fruit and cream as they finished off their hot chocolates. The bath water was cold by the time they were finished.

Nick climbed out first, grabbing a towel to wrap around her. Lifting Clara into his arms he carried her through to his bedroom.

"Am I going to my own room?" she asked.

"Not a chance." He couldn't resist her any longer. Sinking his fingers into her wet red hair, he tugged her close. "You're not going anywhere. This is your room from now on."

****

Nick's possessive attitude turned her on. The way he gripped her hair had Clara melting. She would have sunk to his feet begging for him to take her if he hadn't taken control. With his free hand, he gripped her waist holding her close.

In one quick move he spun her around so she faced away from him. His hands gripped her stomach, running up and down her body. "Your curves are so f**king addictive." Down his hands went gripping her thighs then up to cup her br**sts. "I love your tits. You've got to know how amazing you are, Clara. Any man would feel special having you in their lives or in their bed. No one is going to know what it's like being inside you."

He moved her forward, pushing her to her knees on the bed. Over his bed was a mirror for her to see him. It wasn't long enough to see everything he was doing. His hands stroked her back, opening her thighs to suit him.

She felt the tip of his c**k stroking through her slit before pausing at her entrance.

"Look at me, Clara," he said, tugging on her shoulder. She looked at him through the mirror. The moment her eyes were on him, he slammed inside her going far deeper than he had upstairs. "Fuck, you feel so good."

His eyes were a shade of amber once again, sparkling as they looked at her. The rippling of her body should have unnerved her, but the presence of his alpha wolf only turned her on more.

"Tell me to f**k you, Clara."

"Fuck me, Nick," she said.

With his gaze on her he pounded away inside her taking her breath away. Every time she closed her eyes, he slapped her ass forcing her to look at him.

"Don't close your f**king eyes. I want you to watch me f**k you."

Biting her lip, she cried out with each slap to her ass.

"Your ass is going to be f**king red if you don't stop."

The pleasure was more than she could stand.

"Touch your clit, Clara. Let me feel you come all over my cock."

Over and over he rammed inside her, hitting her cervix, which took the pleasure into a different dimension of pleasure and pain.

"So f**king tight and perfect."

She touched her clit, stroking the nub. Each stroke had her gasping.

Nick held onto her shoulders making her look at him even though she was close to coming.

"Keep those eyes on me, baby."

Where he held her there would be bruises.

"Please, Nick."

"Come over my c**k and I'll put an end to both of our agony."

Whimpering, she fingered her cl*t feeling every jerk and pulse of his c**k within her depths. He stretched her with each pound.

"You better get used to me inside you, baby. I'm not going anywhere. Your pu**y is going to have my name all over it."

His words set off her cl**ax, not to mention the addictive smell coming off his skin. Before he'd been outlawed, Nick had been an alpha. The alpha within him hadn't disappeared at all. In fact, it looked like he'd only gotten stronger, more powerful.

Clara exploded on his c**k stroking her nub to completion. She felt the difference inside him. The instant she came his strokes became harder, his c**k pressing against her cervix and determined to go deeper. The pain was intense along with how amazing it felt, so she didn't know whether to scream or cry with pain.

Nick pounded inside her until with a growl he came. His c**k jerked, pulsing his cum inside her. She dropped to the bed needing her strength. Her shoulders ached from the strength of his arms.

When his orgasm subsided, he picked her back up, pulling his c**k out of her.

"Where are we going?" she asked, wanting to curl up and sleep.

"We're going for a run."

She held onto him as he led her outside.

Staring across his grounds, she realized no one would ever be able to see inside his home it was that large.

"Aren't you afraid of me running off?" she asked.

"Are you going to run off? If you come back I can promise you everything. I can give you sex and anything your heart desires."

He couldn't give her everything. There was a reason she read so many romance novels, and it wasn't because it was what women did. She read them out of yearning. The books were her one way of getting a happy ending. In life she had come to learn it doesn't always have a happy ending.

"I'll come back," she said.

The sex between them was brilliant. She never wanted the lust to end. Clara wondered how long the brilliant sex would last without love. She'd seen many couples within her pack mate, then regret their decisions afterward.

Wolves were supposed to mate for life. Nick hadn't bought her to mate with. He'd only bought her for sex, and he was getting that without any fuss.

Stop thinking too much. Love has never entered the equation, and it shouldn't now.

She watched him shed his skin and become a wolf. Heat filled her core at the sight of his amazing dark amber wolf. He waited for her to become a wolf. Staring up at the sky she closed her eyes and turned into her wolf.

When she turned with her old pack, their thoughts were always hurtful, which was why she'd always tried to run away from them.

"You're so beautiful. I should have known your wolf would be a dark red color."

Clara took off away from him.

"You're red all over, baby."

"Stop it and run."

"Whatever my lady wishes."

He ran beside her. The fresh air, along with the scent of the surrounding woodland, was heady. Her body was different, no longer innocent. The freedom to run without fear of what others said made the whole experience amazing.

"This is your life, Clara."

"I know."

He nudged her with his snout. "No, this is your life. The freedom to run when you wish. I'll be with you every step of the way."

"What are you saying?"

"Stay with me, willingly, and I'll give you everything your heart desires."

Clara cut off all hope. With them both in their wolf forms Nick would be able to hear her feelings of hope when it came to their relationship.

"Okay, I promise, I won't leave or run away."

She'd give them a chance.

Chapter Eleven

Nick leaned back in his office chair smiling. Another week had passed since he'd claimed Clara's virginity. Every morning he woke her up either licking her pu**y or f**king her. She never complained, giving him everything he required. When he got home at night, he was met with a warm, naked, welcoming female and a good meal. He'd also stopped trapping her within the house. When he left the doors and windows open he'd spent the day at the office panicking in case she left him.

Clara had surprised him with lunch at the office. Since then, he loved waiting for her to visit him. Today, he was too f**king horny. The following week was the full moon, and he was in the mood to f**k. Most of his thoughts were focused on the ability to f**k. His c**k was in a constant state of hardness even when she wasn't around. Clara didn't help. She was as bad as he was when it came to sex.

There were a few times he woke up to find her sucking him off. The woman was insatiable, and he was more than happy to let her experiment on him. He caught her watching the p**n channel as well. If he reaped the rewards, he really didn't care.

Checking the time, he saw she'd be arriving in ten minutes. Buzzing his personal assistant he ordered her to keep Clara waiting but to let him know she arrived.

He returned his attention to the computer screen, reading through the latest email of a company he bought. Work was not interesting to him at all, but he forced himself to get through it. Clara turned up within ten minutes, and he scented her need for him as well. Licking his lips, he waited a few minutes before going to his door.

She sat in one of the waiting chairs. Her smile was a thing of beauty when she turned it toward him.

Nodding at his personal assistant he led Clara into his office. Closing and locking the door, he put the basket of food on the floor and pinned her against it.

"You took too f**king long," he said, sliding a hand underneath the yellow summer dress she wore. He found her na**d flesh, no panties to stop his search.

"Please, Nick, I need you."

Waiting was not on his agenda. His c**k was threatening to burst from his trousers. Lifting her up, he steadied her ass with a hand holding her there. "Undo my pants and pull my c**k out."

He kept hold of her as she started to work free his trousers. Her hands were shaking, but she got him out.

Taking over, he pushed her hands out of the way and ordered her to hold up her dress. Nick found her wet heat, fit the tip of his c**k to her pu**y, and glided in easily. She groaned, and he covered her mouth to stop her from making too much noise. His personal assistant wasn't a wolf, but he did work with men who'd be able to hear her.

Stepping to the right, he pulled out of her heat to slam back inside. They were no longer against the door, and the wall would muffle the sounds of her pleasured cries.

She licked his palm. He kept her mouth covered as he f**ked her tight pu**y. No matter how many times he took her, she always seemed tighter than ever before.

"Pull your tits out for me to see."

Her arousal was driving him wild. There was no control over his response to her. She took all of his cock.

Every ripple had him panting for more.

"So f**king tight and wet," he said, pounding away.

She held onto his shoulders, growing closer to her own orgasm.

"Touch yourself, stroke your clit, baby. Let me feel you come all over my dick."

He felt her fingers stroking between them. When he got home tonight he would make her finger her sweet pu**y on the coffee table while he watched. The night was all their own after dinner. Nick wanted to try some other things with her.

The instant her cunt tightened around him, Nick found his own release exploding within her. His scent filled her along with his cum. Any male wolf would know she belonged to another male.

When he was finished pouring his seed into her waiting body he helped her to her feet.

His seed escaped, and he grabbed some tissues from his desk to clean most of the mess away. She stayed still as he attended to her.

"How is your day?" he asked.

Clara laughed. "Shouldn't you have asked me that before you screwed me against the door?"

Nick laughed. He loved hearing the sound of her happiness. "I screwed you against the wall, not the door. I imagine I'd have embarrassed us all. I don't want to test the strength of the door."

"I can see that." She took a seat opposite his desk with her lunch basket in her lap. "I went shopping with the card you left me."

"Where did you go?" he asked.

He had also given her the codes to buy books online. Yesterday he found a three figure bill from her purchase of books alone. Nick wasn't going to complain. Many women wouldn't have been satisfied unless they were given jewelry.

"I went to the supermarket, looked at the meat and hated the sight and smell before finding a local butcher. I've struck a deal with him for organic meat. We'll be eating a lot better before you know it." She placed some vegetable slaw, chicken, and potato salad onto his desk. Nick loved her cooking and wasn't going to complain.

Dean had also tasted her food and hated him for getting her raw talent.

"I've also baked a chocolate cake to keep you going until the end of the day."

He stared at the beauty before him.

"What else did you do, or is that it, food shopping?"

"I like food shopping. I cut some roses out of the garden for the table. I thought the house was looking a little bland and decided to add a splash of color." She did him a plate then herself one.

Nick kept his gaze on her. She was so sweet. Thinking about his need to claim her, he opened his mouth about to talk when a knock sounded on his door. His personal assistant would have buzzed him if it had been her.

Irritated that he'd been interrupted before he began, he got to his feet toward the door. He unlocked and opened it, seeing Dean looking concerned. "What is it?" Nick asked.

Dean looked into the room seeing Clara. "You need to get rid of her."

"What? Why?"

"The collective of alphas are here. Mark has been arrested along with many of the men selling women for money. Shit is about to hit the fan."

Clara was already cleaning away their lunch. Cursing, he watched her pack everything as the men of the collective alphas walked off the elevator. He counted five men. They were not all there. In fact, he saw at least one missing. Riley was the name, the one who had forced the issue of Nick's outlawed status.

"Too late."

"Dean, I see you've already informed Nick of our visit."

Nick recognized the man who spoke as Charles, one of the oldest men of the group. He didn't look a day over forty, but Nick knew he was close to seventy years of age.

"What warning? Dean was arranging to come to my house for dinner tonight. Clara's an amazing cook, and he is always looking for an excuse to visit." He gave Dean a pointed look, entering the office. Clara stood by his desk with a smile plastered to her face.

The five men entered his office as Dean took a seat.

"I'll see you at home tonight. I'll do my famous chicken curry," Clara said. She was nervous. Reaching out, he held her face, slamming his lips down on hers. Nick kissed the life out of her smelling her arousal when he was finished

"Baby, everything about you is famous."

"Who is this?" Charles asked.

"I'm his girlfriend. It's a pleasure to have met you all."

Clara made her excuses. Charles wasn't having any of it. "You're a female wolf who hasn't been outlawed. Why are you with Nick?"

She turned her gaze to his before looking back at the large man. He watched her tug her arm out of his hold.

"I'm in love with him. You have no right to insult him in his own building. Even the collective of alphas are not above showing respect." She turned back to him.

He saw the truth in her eyes. In front a room full of men who could take her away she'd told him she loved him.

"I'll see you tonight with only Dean?" she asked.

"You will, baby."

She left without another backward glance. Shit, he should have told her how he felt. Feeling like a bastard, he pushed it aside and concentrated on why the collective of alphas were in his office.

****

Great, Nick was probably laughing at her right now. Clara walked down the street swinging her basket from side to side. She'd made a complete fool of herself admitting her feelings. The moment Charles touched her, she'd sensed his power. There was a reason why the collective of alphas were needed. They were far stronger than all wolves.

She walked through the city park basking in the sunlight. Her body was still alive from their harsh f**king in his office.

Running fingers through her hair, she took one last look around the city before going home. The large house no longer looked dominating. Every day that passed she added a little touch of her own. Letting herself inside, she went straight to the kitchen to put the slaw and potato salad in the fridge. She'd not been kidding about the curry. The chicken was marinating in the fridge in plenty of spices.

Once everything was put away, she took a shower leaving her dress in the bedroom to make her way downstairs to the pool. For the next hour she tried to collect her thoughts as she took a long swim. Why was the collection of alpha in the offices?

Dean's words had been muffled. What did they want with Nick?

She'd seen the tension in Nick's whole body. Being honest in the room had been essential.

When she could put it off no longer, she went back to wash the pool from her body, changed into another summer dress, then went into the kitchen. She started making her curry, humming as the process soothed her.

Clara tensed when she heard the door open. Dean and Nick talking invaded her calmness.

Seconds later Nick entered the room. He looked tired, worn out.

"Did you mean what you said in my office?"

She dropped her head, not wanting to meet his gaze.

"Don't do that," he said. "Look at me and tell me the truth."

"Yes, I meant every word I said. I've fallen in love with you. I tried not to, and it's insane. I've not known you all that long, but I know how I feel and I love you." She pressed a hand to her lips, wishing the ground would open up and stop her from talking.

"For f**k's sake, Nick, go to her and tell her how you feel," Dean said. He was leaning against the doorframe watching them. She'd been so concerned about Nick she hadn't heard him enter.

"Get out of here. Go to the dining room or something, but give us some much needed privacy," Nick said, glaring at his friend.

Dean held his hands up. "I'm just trying to help a friend out. Don't let him get away with shit, Clara." He winked at her before leaving.

"Blasted man doesn't know when to stay out of other people's business."

"He cares about you." She picked up her wooden spoon to start stirring the sauce.

"The first night you were here I sneaked into your room," he said, taking her completely by surprise.

"What?"

"I saw you taking a shower. I left you my shirt, but when you were asleep I came back. We slept together that night. I held you in my arms leaving you before you woke."

"Your scent wasn't only on the shirt?"

"No, I was there all night."

"Why are you sharing all this with me?" she asked.

"You have a right to know. I shouldn't have kept you in the dark, but I did. The first day I took you, I was ready to mate with you, but I held myself back out of fear. I didn't want you to be afraid of me. I've wanted to mate with you for a while now, Clara." He held his hand up stopping her from talking when she would have. "I don't just want to mate with you because you're the only available female wolf to me. I love you, Clara."

His words lifted her spirits.

"Why are you telling me this?" she asked.

"I need you to know how I feel. I love you. It has nothing to do with the money I spent on you. I'd pay your parents again, over and over, to make sure I got you. You're amazing." He stopped, taking a step closer to her.

"Pussy." She heard Dean calling out the name.

Nick shot the door a glare but didn't back down.

"In the next couple of days you're going to get a visit from the collective of alphas."

She jerked back, worried. "What? Why?"

"They're hunting men and women who sell females to be used. Your father has been caught, and he's exposed me."

Clara reached out, pressing a hand to his chest. "What are they going to do?"

"Your father and your family are being punished by the collective. They can't do anything to me as I'm outlawed already. I'm not bound by pack law, but your family broke the law. They're coming to see you, and it will be up to you what you want to do."

"What do you mean?"

He cupped her cheek, holding her close. "If you wish to leave to join your pack, you may do so. They'll take care of you giving you a home."

"Do you want me to go?" Only a minute ago he'd been telling her how much he loved her, and now he was telling her this. Clara felt torn in two on what to think.

Nick held her face, staring into her eyes. She saw the pain in his dark brown depths. "No, I don't want you to go, but I don't want you to feel forced to stay here. I love you, Clara. I want to mate with you. This is a choice you're going to have to make." He kissed her lips, pulling away. "The curry smells amazing. I need to run," he said, turning toward the door.

Unable to stop him, she watched him tear his clothes off and change within the next second.

"He's scared," Dean said, bringing her attention back into the room.

"Scared? Scared of what?" She was confused, and she hated the feeling.

"Nick is outlawed, and he bought you. I know you didn't have the best start in this relationship." Dean leaned over the kitchen counter. "If the collective choose to, they can take you away."

"What? Why?"

"You're a female who has been taken by an outlawed male. They could override your decision to stay with him. Their argument is accusing you of suffering with Stockholm syndrome."

"They're insane. I don't suffer with anything." She ran fingers through her hair, panicking. For the first time in her life, she was in love, and it could all be torn away from her.

"Do you care about what happens to your family?"

"No, I couldn't give a shit about what happens to them. They were not my family. They spent their whole life making me aware of how awful I was to their reputation." She let Dean see her anger.

"Look, you prove to the collective of your feelings about your family and your love for Nick and you can win. They wouldn't be able to take you away, but you also need to make a choice," Dean said.

"Choice, what choice?"

"If you ever want to be part of a pack again or not. Nick will never be held in their grip. He possesses the dangerous mark whereas you do not. Another pack will accept you with open arms."

Dean raised a brow, opening his hands.

Clara went back to her curry, hearing the pain of Nick's howl in the distance.

Chapter Twelve

Nick saw his friend out trying his best to ignore the sympathy in his eyes. Whatever happened was up to Clara. He wouldn't try to influence her decision. If the alphas found her suffering from some syndrome or another, he'd lose her either way. How had a simple business transaction turned into something so painful? He was in love with her. The thought of losing her left a giant hole inside his chest.

Clawing out his heart wouldn't be half as painful even if he would be dead. Clara was upstairs in their bedroom. She rarely spoke over dinner leaving him and Dean to talk business. He was tired of business and the incessant need to earn money. What was the point of earning money when he had no one to share it with?

Staring at his reflection in the mirror Nick let out a breath feeling the weight of the world on his shoulders. He'd been a good alpha, and he hoped to be a good mate.

"Nick?"

He turned to see the love of his life standing in the doorway. She wore a sheer white negligee that covered her body without really hiding her curves. He saw the hardness of her ni**les pressing against the fabric along with the thatch of red curls between her thighs.

"I thought you'd gone to bed."

"I'm not going to bed without you." She took a step into the room.

Nick didn't move and watched her get closer, her h*ps moving seductively with every step she took.

She pressed her palms onto his chest. Taking hold of her hands, he tried to push her away.

"Don't!" She shouted the word, glaring at him. "They may have come into your office at lunchtime, but they're not here. Do not push me away."

"They could take you away from me. Do you really think I can handle making love to you knowing they're going to take you from me? It's killing me."

She shoved him hard, slapping his chest. "You selfish bastard." The anger on her face was clear. "Do you think I wanted this? For so long I was the f**king fat wolf of the pack. No one wanted me. I was humiliated on my eighteenth. No one wanted to be with me." She slapped a palm to her own chest. "Then just as suddenly I'm sold to a man I do not know, an outlawed man accused of murder, and I fall in love with him. You awaken my f**king body like it was your own."

He saw the pain in her eyes as they mirrored his own.

"I really thought I was happy to never have to worry about falling in love or being with a man. I gave you my virginity, Nick. I've given you a part of me. I don't care what happens to my family. They were never here with me. You were, and I will make sure they all know how I feel. I can live without a pack, but I can never live without you."

Unable to deny himself the pleasure of touching her, he gripped her neck, tugging her close. She wrapped her arms around him, holding him tightly. For many minutes they simply held onto each other, gaining comfort. He inhaled her sweet scent mixed with his own.

"I love you," she said. "Don't stop fighting. I won't."

Her hands ran up and down his chest. Nick watched her movements without pushing her away. Their future was in her hands when the alphas came to take her away.

"I love you, too, baby." He kissed her head. Staying still he waited for her to release the buttons of his shirt. She pushed the fabric from his shoulders. "This is all for you. You're the one in charge."

"Are you sure you trust me?" she asked, raising a brow.

He unbuckled his belt as she sank to her knees. Neither of them said another word as she peeled his trousers down his thigh, taking his boxer briefs with them.

His c**k sprang free. The vein was thick along the side pulsing blood to his shaft. The tip already leaked his pr**cum. She gripped the base of his shaft, working from root to tip then back again.

Holding himself still, he watched her open her lips and take him in deep. Her tongue circled the tip, taking his cum from him.

It took every ounce of restraint not to force his c**k all the way into her mouth. Clara set the pace, sucking on the tip then taking him an inch at a time. He stroked her hair, sinking his fingers into the length for something to hold on to.

Her gaze travelled up his body. When their gazes met she went down on him, taking him all the way until he hit the back of her throat. She sucked tightly, making him gasp. Up she went, circling the head before sliding down.

Over and over she sucked, licked and nibbled on his shaft. With her free hand, she fingered his balls. Nick closed his eyes grunting at the pleasure.

She moaned with his c**k in her mouth, and the vibration sent another wave of pleasure inside him.

"No, I can't wait." Tugging her mouth off him with the grip on her hair, he threw the contents of his desk to the floor. Nick was crazed, not wanting to wait to get upstairs to claim her pu**y. He placed her on the hard surface, gripping her h*ps as he guided his dick to her cunt. Clara gripped the edge of the desk.

"I love you," he said, feeling impassioned. Tonight, tomorrow, however long he had before the collective of alphas tried to take her away, he was going to f**k her, make love to her and prove to Clara with his actions how much he loved her.

"I love you, too."

Sliding his dick through her creamy cunt, he found her entrance and slammed in deep. Clara cried out, scoring his back as he took her over the edge. He was mindless with pleasure and with need.

Her pu**y rippled around his shaft, gripping him tighter than any fist. Pulling out, he slammed back inside, going deeper. Clara's tits bounced with the jerk of her h*ps as he plunged deep into her.

"So f**king tight and sweet. I'm going to spend the rest of my life f**king you. Making love to you."

Nick didn't let up in his strokes. When she tightened around him, he made her finger her sweet pu**y. Each stroke over her swollen cl*t sent her pu**y squeezing him.

"That's it, baby. I'll give you my cum as soon as you give me yours."

"I love you, Nick."

"I know, baby. Give me what I need."

She stroked her nub, and seconds later she cl**axed. Even as she was caressing her clit, Nick f**ked her hard. The desk moved under the force of his thrusts. He didn't care. Finding his release was all he cared about. Plunging inside her, Nick stared into her eyes. She was so f**king beautiful. He'd die a happy man being inside her.

The stirrings started, and he plundered her tight heat spilling his cum into her waiting pu**y. She took every drop, moaning as he held her tightly.

No one was taking her away from him. Nick would kill every last one of them if they even thought to take her from him.

****

Later that night, Clara padded back to the bedroom. She had brushed her teeth and washed her face. The whole of the night had been spent with Nick inside her. Clara's pu**y was sore, but she didn't care. The feel of Nick's hard c**k inside her was more than worth it.

"Your breath smelled fine to me."

She rolled her eyes and climbed on the bed beside him. Before brushing her teeth she'd been sucking his c**k until he came, swallowing down every drop.

"I wanted to brush my teeth."

He reached out, tucking strands of hair behind her ear. "You're going to be the death of me."

Glancing down at his stiffening cock, she chuckled. "No, you're going to be the death of me. I've not even made it to the kitchen yet without you pouncing on me."

Nick caressed her ass, sliding his palm over her cheeks. "What can I say? You shouldn't be so f**king tempting."

He moved over her, trapping her legs together as he kissed and nibbled on her ass. She cried out as his teeth sank into her flesh. Moaning, she held onto the blanket as pleasure consumed her thoughts. Her cream leaked out, coating her clit.

The scent of their combined releases surrounded them.

"I could spend all day worshipping this ass," he said, slapping her cheek. She squealed at the slight pain then groaned at the pleasure. His fingers slid between her thighs, stroking her clit. The instant contact to her cl*t had her jerking up.

"Shh, baby. I'm going to make you feel so good." Two fingers plunged inside her pu**y working her up into a frenzy.

"Please, Nick, f**k me." She was not above begging him to take her.

"I thought you didn't want me to f**k you anymore tonight?" he asked, teasing her.

"You better not leave me like this."

"I have no intention of leaving you wanting, but I think it's time to give your pu**y a rest." Nick moved his fingers from between her thighs up to her ass. She tensed as he pressed against the tight puckered hole of her anus. "Relax, baby. I'm never going to hurt you."

Clara whimpered as he pressed his wet fingers to her ass.

"Relax, baby."

She slowly tried to relax her body for his penetration. His free hand caressed over her ass cheek then up her back soothing her.

"Give me what I want, and I'll make it feel f**king amazing."

Gripping the pillow, Clara took several breaths, relaxing her body for his invasion. Closing her eyes she allowed her body to feel rather than over-think what he was doing.

"Good girl. You're going to love me inside your ass. It gives you just that bite of pain you need to make it entirely pleasurable." He talked to her constantly as he pressed one finger into her ass. The bite of pain exploded within her. The pain soon turned to pleasure as he pumped his single finger in and out of her ass also tweaking her clit.

The combination of pleasure and pain had her thrusting back on his hand.

"Please, Nick," she said, not knowing what she was begging for.

"I'm going to give you a second finger. Lift up to me," he said.

She went to her knees opening up for him.

"You want my c**k in your hot little ass?" he asked.

"Yes."

Nick added a second finger, spreading her wider. He added more of their combined release to moisten her hole. Every single touch pushed her closer to the edge of her orgasm.

Moments later, he moved behind her, replacing his fingers with the tip of his large wide cock.

She whimpered as Nick caressed her back.

"You're going to love this, Clara. Trust me."

Not only did she trust him, she was in love with him. She knew deep in her heart Nick wouldn't do anything to harm her.

Staying still, she cried out as the head of him pushed past the tight ring of muscles, opening up her ass for his cock. His hands went to her hips, holding her in place. She laid her head flat on the bed, trying to focus on anything else but the pleasure along with the pain of his claiming.

Nick was a pro when it came to his cock. He knew what to do and how to draw the most pleasure out of her body.

In the bedroom alone he reminded her of many of the heroes she read about in the books she loved so much.

"I'm in, baby. Can you take more of me?" he asked.

"Yes."

The pain didn't take long to turn into mind-blowing pleasure. Slowly, he worked the rest of his c**k inside her. She whimpered at how much he filled her.

With his c**k in her ass she felt every pulse and jerk of his shaft. There was nothing to escape from. The last inch he slammed inside her, going as deep as he could.

She cried out, gripping the blanket tighter.

"This is where the real fun begins," he said, running his hands up and down her body.

"It can get better?"

"Much better." He worked her ass taking his time with each thrust.

Clara soon started to thrust onto his cock. There was no longer any pain, only mind-blowing ecstasy. She didn't want him to stop. Her body was on fire for his cock. The need built with every second.

"You love my c**k in your ass?" he asked.

"Yes." No other words were needed. Their grunts echoed around the room along with the sound of flesh hitting flesh.

"Please, Nick."

"Do you need to come?"

"Yes."

"Then play with your pu**y. Let me feel you come, baby."

She stroked her clit, whimpering at the merest touch. Three strokes over her nub had her screaming out her release.

"Fuck, that's it. Come all over my cock."

He f**ked her hard, and Clara loved it. When he grunted she felt the pulse of his c**k along with the heat of his cum. The sensation was entirely different from having him in her pu**y.

"I think you've killed me," he said, slumping over her body with his c**k still inside her.

"This is all you." She smiled loving his touch.

"I know. Come on, baby. It's time for you to have a bath."

Nick carried her into the bathroom. For the remainder of the night he took care of her, washing her body and providing her with every care possible.

Lying in his arms early the next morning after only an hour of sleep, Clara wondered if he was trying to get her out of his system. The collective of alphas could take her away, but she knew she wouldn't let it happen. Nick was the love of her life, and she wasn't going to let anyone take him away from her.

Chapter Thirteen

Three days later Nick was staring at his computer screen. Clara was at home after a marathon of sex. She was probably happy with the reprieve. His nerves were totally fried at what their future was going to be. Whatever happened was up to her.

He tried to focus on his work rather than on what his woman was going to do. The last three days he'd held back claiming her. The mating heat had been between them during most of their f**k fest, but he held it back. Nick didn't want them to blame the mating or him for Clara staying with him.

In the space of one month he'd found his woman, hurt her, taken her, fallen in love with her, and was now on the verge of losing her. His parents were not lying when they said wolves moved fast, refusing to waste a single moment of life.

Leaning back, he turned his chair to look over city life. When he was first outlawed he hated the city, but then he had come to love it. The hustle and bustle of activity stopped him from thinking about the pain of everything he lost. Looking over the city he couldn't stop feeling the pain of what he faced later today.

The door of his office opening forced him to turn. He saw Charles, one of the leaders of the collective of alphas.

"Have you gone to see her yet?" Nick asked. When he woke up this morning he felt today was the day they'd come for her.

"No, we're getting ready to go and see her. The other alphas are waiting for me downstairs." Charles closed the door, striding forward to take a seat in front of him.

"Why have you come to see me?" Nick shuffled some files, trying to keep himself busy. This man had never terrified him in all the years of being an alpha for a pack. Now, he felt real fear. The power Charles had made Nick sick to his stomach.

"I wanted to come and see you. I'm sure you're aware we're stopping the auctioning and selling of females wolves?"

"Yes, I'm aware of it. Dean keeps me in the know of wolf business."

"I know. I'm the one who tells him what to say," Charles said.

Nick stayed silent for several minutes hoping the man would end his misery.

"Why are you here?" he asked, when the other man made no move to say why he'd come back to see him.

"I'm disgusted with myself. From what I've learned many women have been sold behind the collective's back, by one of us. It makes us all feel old when one of our own can pull the wool over our eyes." Charles let out a sigh. "Your woman is one of the women who was sold, right?"

Taking in a breath, Nick locked his fingers together resting his hands on the desk. "I wanted a female wolf to f**k. I was made aware of being able to purchase a woman. I paid over a million dollars for Clara. She was the runt, an outcast of her pack. Her mother and father, along with all of her family, treated her appallingly."

"You used her for sex?" Charles asked.

"When I first bought her it started out as sex. I didn't want or need anything else."

"Something changed?"

Nick paused, thinking about the change of his feelings over the last few weeks. "Yes, everything changed. I no longer wanted to just f**k Clara. She came to mean something to me. The first night in my home I held her while she slept. Holding her gives me as much pleasure as watching her read." Nick stopped, remembering her lying on the sofa in his office reading as he worked. "She's beautiful inside and out. Her family didn't deserve her."

"And you do?"

He looked at Charles, weighing up his answer.

"No, I don't deserve her. She's better than I ever will be. I've never been a good man. I thought I was a good alpha at one point, but I wasn't. If I was a good alpha, I wouldn't have been outlawed. Clara makes me a better man, and I know I'm going to spend the rest of my life showing her how much I love her."

Charles stayed quiet for a long time.

"The decision to outlaw you was taken out of my hands. I didn't disagree with what you did. The fact I sat at the same table with that man, ate with him, shared my life with him sickens me. I saw the damage he did. You were outlawed because one of us was determined to see you out of the way. Riley has a lot to answer for. He was the cause for the sale of women. He wanted you outlawed so everyone would tell your story rather than realize what he was doing. He made us believe we were doing the right thing, and for that, I'm totally sorry." Charles stood. "You were one of the best alphas we've ever known. Our biggest regret is outlawing you."

"Riley did this?" Nick asked, understanding why the other collective alpha hadn't made an appearance.

"Yes. We found out what he was doing, and we're stopping him. I know words are not enough, but I am sorry for not going with my gut and leaving you as an alpha."

Nick was thankful for the words even though they were unnecessary.

"If you were given the option of having a pack would you take it?" Charles asked.

"No, I don't want the responsibility. The only person I want is Clara."

"Speaking of the wonderful woman, I better go and join the rest of the collective to interview her."

Nick watched the other man walk toward the door. "Wait," he said, halting him. Charles turned. "When you're with her take your time. She doesn't trust people easily, and I'd hate for you to upset her."

"I will take every effort to calm her."

Charles left, and Nick slumped back into his seat. There, his life was going to be over if they decided Clara didn't know her own mind. Closing his eyes, he listened to his employees walking into the building. He hated them all for their happy easy lives.

Getting on with work he kept looking at his phone waiting for it to ring. It didn't ring at all.

Around lunchtime he tensed as Dean entered the office. The somber look on his face didn't help Nick's nerves at all.

"Do you know anything?" Nick asked.

"Sorry, mate, no. I brought you the contract we agreed to. It's time for you to look over it before you sign." Dean placed the file on the table. "You've not heard anything?"

"No. I've heard f**k all. This shouldn't be allowed to happen. I feel like my life is on hold until I know what is happening."

"Clara's a strong woman, Nick. She'll convince them. I know she's in love with you. She's not going anywhere."

He smiled at his friend, not believing a word.

****

Clara kept beating the butter and sugar together. She looked at the time sensing something was going to happen today. Nick had held her tighter than ever before. Seeing him drive away clearly sad had upset her even more. Today was going to be the day they visited her. The collective's visit was the only explanation as to Nick's change in mood.

Baking a dark rich chocolate cake usually eased her thoughts. Her cure for all tensions was no longer working. She placed the two filled cake tins in the oven, washing up the dishes. Clara was wiping down the counter when the doorbell sounded. Glancing around the kitchen, she tried to find any excuse to answer the damn thing.

Be strong, Clara. You can do this.

She loved Nick, and all she needed to do was prove to them her feelings. Tucking hair behind her ears she walked to the door.

"Hello, Clara. I'm Charles, and these are my brothers. I'll be the one doing the talking today. They're here to listen, learn, and take information in," Charles said, going over all the introductions.

"Can I tell you to f**k off?" she asked.

"You can, but we can't go anywhere. These are the rules."

Nodding, she opened the door waiting for them all to enter. She heard them scenting the air. "I've been doing some baking. Would you please sit in here while I get the tea?" Clara ushered them into the sitting room like they were a pack a sheep rather than hungry dogs waiting to take her away.

Once they were seated, she went into the kitchen, tempted to call Nick. No, she wouldn't do something to make them believe she wasn't here of her own free will. She took the cakes out of the oven to cool, making up the tray with six cups and sugar.

Entering the sitting room, she placed the tray on the coffee table remembering her and Nick's time together. Heat entered her core. She ignored the need, serving them all a drink and taking a seat even as her arousal increased.

"Why are you aroused?" Charles asked.

Her cheeks must be aflame at his obvious question. "I'm remembering a time with Nick, in this very room." Lifting the cup to her lips she took a sip smiling. "It's a good memory."

"Clara, we must get down to business. I'm sure you know why I'm here?"

"I've been told you're to make sure I don't suffer with some kind of syndrome and that I'm here of my own free will." She was speaking too fast, but she couldn't stop the words from pouring out. Sipping her tea she cursed her wayward mouth with her constantly trying to talk.

Shut up, Clara. Be confident. You're not lying. You're telling the truth.

For the next hour Charles took over the conversation asking her questions. He asked about her childhood up to her first turning. The look on his face as she described what happened made her feel slightly scared. There was a reason these men were the collective. They knew how to handle wolves and were stronger than many other wolves.

I bet Nick can take you.

He started asking questions about the night of her being taken, becoming Nick's property. She answered all of the questions truthfully. There was no need for her to lie about her feelings. She had hated Nick on sight, but she made sure all of them knew he didn't lay a finger on her.

When it got to the intimacy between her and Nick she looked down at her lap thinking about their time together. Arousal filled her core at the feel of Nick touching her.

"From the moment he bought me he could have touched me, hurt me." She felt tears fill her eyes. "He was the perfect gentleman. I mean, I hated him, but he was so nice. You hear such horrid stories of being sold for sex, yet I was lucky. Nick is not a man to be thwarted. He never raised a hand to me in anger. Every single time we were together he was sweet, coarse at times, but I never felt scared of him."

She rubbed her arms, wishing he was with her now, wrapping his arms around her to protect her. Clara said as much to them.

"Your family has been punished and is sentenced to over fifty years of hard labor in our jail cells. They will never come near you again or hurt you. Nick will never become an alpha of a pack. I need to know if you wish to go back to a pack," Charles said.

"No, I don't want to be part of a pack. Nick is everything I need. I know not all packs are horrible. I've had more than my fair share of being part of a pack. I'd rather be outlawed with him," she said, pouring him another cup of tea.

Charles nodded, stared at her for several moments and turned to the silent men in the room.

"I believe we've gotten everything we need."

The other men nodded, rose to their feet and said their goodbyes. She watched them leave, silently. Charles remained, sipping his tea.

"What's going on? You're not taking me away, are you?" Clara asked, ready to fight him.

"No, we're not going to take you away. Regardless of our reputation we're not some horrid beasts separating people for fun." Charles was smiling as he spoke. "I see you love Nick and his love of you. I visited him this morning before coming here today."

"You did? Was he okay? I'm so worried about him." She stopped, biting her lip at her questions.

Charles chuckled. "Nick is an alpha. I know it took a lot out of him to leave you alone to deal with us. It has been a pleasure seeing him happy."

"He told me what happened to make him an outlawed male," Clara said, heart breaking for the man she loved.

"Yes, it was nasty business but had to be done. My biggest regret in being a collective is outlawing Nick. I'm pleased to see he has fallen for a woman who makes him happy."

"Do you really think I make him happy?" she asked, looking up at the man as he started to get to his feet.

"Yes, you're Nick's life mate. You're both attuned to each other. Your emotions are the same. Together, I know you will flourish."

Clara got to her feet to see him out.

When they were at the door she stopped him with a hand on his arm. "What would you have done if I wanted to leave?" she asked.

"I'd have taken you away today to a new pack. Every month I would have visited to make sure you were settled." Charles cupped her cheek. "I'm not going to tear you away from your mate. Have a happy life, Clara."

He left afterward. Looking at the clock she saw she'd missed lunch. Nick was probably out of his mind. Rushing to the phone she started to type in his number and stopped. Calling him wouldn't do the trick. She wanted to do something else. Putting the phone down, she entered the kitchen and started setting up her basket.

Nick deserved the best, and she finished icing the chocolate cake. She hummed as she set to work. By the time it came to end of the day, she headed out toward Nick's place of work. At five o'clock she was leaning against his car holding the picnic basket in front of her. Every time the elevator stopped, she tensed waiting to see him.

For the next half an hour Nick didn't appear. He was one of the last men to leave the building coming toward her with Dean in tow. His friend slapped his arm, pointing at the car.

She smiled, waving at him. Nick frowned, approaching her.

"Why are you here?" Nick asked.

"I thought we could go on a picnic. I've packed dinner." She turned to Dean, smiling at him, hoping he'd get the message and leave.

Dean said his goodbyes leaving them alone.

"Did you see the collective today?"

"Yes, I saw them, and I'm here."

"You're not leaving?" Nick asked.

Tears filled her eyes as his spilled down his cheeks. She'd never seen Nick cry before. The emotion coming off him made her gasp.

"No, I'm not going anywhere." His arms wrapped around her making the picnic basket collapse to the floor.

She giggled, holding onto him as they shared a tender moment.

"I'm not going anywhere. I'm afraid you've got me for the rest of your life," Clara said.

"I don't care. Fuck, marry me, Clara," he said.

"Yes." She didn't even hesitate, kissing his lips as his love surrounded her. He held her tightly, neither of them wanting to let go.

"You've made me the happiest man in the world," he said.

Clara couldn't speak. Who would have thought being bought for sex could have resulted in her finding the man of her dreams? Nick was her life mate, the man she was destined to spend the rest of her life with.

Taking his hand, she led him out to the park to celebrate their newfound freedom.

Epilogue

Five years later

Nick stared down into his mate's eyes. This was their fifth anniversary of being a mated couple. Dean, godfather to their six children, all twins, had taken them for the night so Nick could show his woman how much he loved her.

"You're tormenting me again," she said, whimpering.

He turned her over, dripping some cream onto her back and licking up the droplets. Pressing the strawberry to her lips he watched the plumpness take the fruit.

"We don't get much time alone anymore. We've got to take as much time as we can." It had taken him over three weeks to get Dean to agree to take their kids. In all fairness all three sets of twins were not the easiest children to look after. Nick adored them, but he was pleased for them to be out of the house so he could have some quiet time with his wife.

After convincing the collective that she loved him, Clara had accepted his marriage proposal and that very same night he gave her his mating mark. Any wolf would see she was mated and how possessive he'd been in the claiming of her.

"Then you better stop feeding me and f**king me. Oh, before you do," she said, getting up and pushing him to his back. Nick laughed loving how wild she was when the kids were away. Clara really was an amazing mother. Their children were always around her feet. When he went to pick the oldest up from school he heard the mothers commenting on how wonderful she was.

He knew how amazing she was. Nick had been the one to pick her. She'd been his virgin possession, and he was determined to make her feel loved.

"What could you possibly have to tell me?" he asked, loving her curves.

"Do you love me?" she asked, kissing down his chest.

"You know I do." He moaned as she sucked the tip of his c**k into her mouth.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, dammit." Fuck, he was going to explode.

She pulled off his shaft. "I'm pregnant again." Her smile was bright as she tried to hold in her laughter.

"Fuck me. When can I f**k you without knocking you up?" he asked, grabbing her and pinning her to the bed.

He slid inside her, watching the pleasure cross her face.

"I don't know, baby, at least we know I'm not going to get pregnant now."

Nick moaned, making love to her. He really did love his wife.

Nine months later, he welcomed another set of twins. Kissing his wife, Nick started thinking about looking for a bigger house.

The End<br/>

