Chapter One

Isaac Welch watched as he f**ked the nameless woman in front of him. He'd been out all night partying, and he'd picked up some random bird and was now screwing her brains out. His friend, Clark Welland, had his c**k inside her mouth while Isaac f**ked her pu**y.

The woman was a blonde, her name meaningless, as she was just another woman looking to score a rich husband. He'd seen the cheap design of her clothing and the way she responded to every man at the club, which was known for the rich clientele. For as long as he could remember women had been coming onto him in the hopes of stealing him away.

The rich husband, the beautiful trophy wife and the lifestyle to go with it. Through the drunken haze Isaac felt himself begin to lose his erection. He spent most of his time working or f**king a faceless woman, and he was bored of it all. Bored of the same old dirty sex, the same old arguments with the board.

Clark held her hair as he slammed into her mouth. Not bothering to try to regain his hard-on, Isaac pulled out of her body. She moaned in protest, but his friend kept her busy. Isaac made his way to the bathroom and looked at his reflection in the mirror.

At forty years old he'd maintained a great deal of his youth. He had minimal lines around his eyes and mouth, and his hair was still the same jet black it had been as a boy. The eyes were the only difference. He saw the years of heartache and pain where once he'd been young, filled with the promise of sweet fairy tales. Now he held the bitter reality of what life was like. He knew what the real world had to offer. He knew the type of people who filled his life, and he hated every single aspect of his own life.

The sound of the woman's screams reached him, which could only mean Clark had finished her off.

What had Isaac lost along the way? At forty years old he should be in the prime of his life with a wife and some kids. Instead, he ran a successful business, had several women he f**ked on a regular basis, and nothing else. He refused to speak to his family, even though it had been over twenty years since he had last spoken to them. How could he speak to the man who'd left his first wife and son for a gold-digging whore?

He fisted his hands at his sides as the old anger rose to the surface. The pain and humiliation had been too much to bear. Seeing his mother wilt under the scandal of being replaced still struck him down. The man he'd become had begun that night his father, Thomas, had come home and kicked his mother out. He'd told Isaac he was to stay, but he refused. On that night he'd vowed to make his father pay. In twenty years he'd been the creator of one of the most successful businesses in the world. Money was no longer a problem. His mother, Tina, lived in luxury and never had to worry about finding work. The life he led was perfect. Except something was missing. He didn't know what was missing, but he knew it was there.

The sound of the door being slammed interrupted his thoughts. Seconds later Clark stood in the doorway, na**d and sweating. They'd long got over being na**d in front of each other.

"You missed a fine f**k. What happened?" Clark asked.

Isaac shrugged. He had no idea. Women were a dime a dozen to him. He could have anyone at anytime.

"I think I'm sick of this shit. It doesn't matter what woman we have, by the end of the night she'll be screaming as she orgasms. I'm tired of it. They all want the same thing," Isaac said.

"What is the problem with that? Every night we can have a different woman. You're over-thinking it. Wherever we go, there are women falling over their feet to get in our beds."

"And into our bank balance. Don't forget most of these want money and nothing else."

"So? We've got the money to give them some, and at least we still get free pu**y at our ages."

Closing his eyes as the dull throb of a migraine began, Isaac tried to think past everything Clark was saying.

"I've got to go," Isaac said. Opening his eyes, he walked out of the bathroom, not bothering to look at his friend. He grabbed his clothes putting them on as best as he could.

"Whatever. You'll give me a call later to make sure you got back safely. I don't want your death on my conscience."

Isaac agreed and left the penthouse apartment. He took the elevator down to the underground parking facility. The parking area was deserted. Isaac found his car, beeped the alarm and got inside. For several moments he stared straight ahead not wanting to do anything. Taking a deep breath he started the car, pulled out of the parking bay and left the building completely. The drive helped to clear his head. He'd booked the time away as he had an important dinner on Saturday. One of his half-brothers had phoned and requested they talk and get to know each other. Bradley Welch, the oldest of the gold-digger and Thomas's marriage.

He parked the car at his own apartment building and said good evening to the security guard before he made his way to the elevator to take him up to his floor. Owning the whole building meant he could come and go at will. Most of the other residents had a curfew to allow maximum protection.

Minutes later he stood in his apartment looking in his liquor cabinet for something to keep him company. Sleep would be hard to come by with his thoughts running riot as they were.

Taking out the bottle of aged whisky, he opened the bottle, poured a generous amount in the glass followed by a handful of ice. He took a large gulp of the fiery liquid before moving through to his kitchen. The fridge held a massive amount of food. Isaac took out some cheese and pickle spread and buttered a couple of slices of bread, then spread the pickle over, following it with the cheese.

Forty years old, and besides his business he had nothing to show for his time. No family, just an endless supply of faceless women with one use: to f**k.

He bit into his sandwich and took a swallow of the strong drink. Many married men wanted his lifestyle, and yet he disliked the way he'd turned out. Once he finished his sandwich, he poured himself another whisky and went to bed.

Tomorrow he would have to face another aspect of his life he didn't enjoy.

****

"Brad, come and check my hair out," Noelle said as she brushed her hair. The hair dye had been a new purchase and a new colour. Ultra Violet, or a deep red as she called it.

"What the f**k have you done now?" her best and only friend and flat-mate asked as he walked into her room. He stopped, and unlike most people who gave her a look of disgust, Brad stared at her face without flinching. He was the only man to ever look at her with something other than disgust or pity.

"What do you think?" She ruffled her hair with a smile.

"Why have you changed your hair colour again?"

The smile dropped. "I wanted to."

"I know you, Noelle. Why this time? Your hair is naturally blonde and beautiful. I don't know why you keep changing it." Brad folded his arms and glared at her.

She knew he would expect a long conversation, but she refused to give him the satisfaction of talking about her low self-esteem. He already knew the reason she changed her hair colour on a regular basis.

Without thinking she touched the right side of her face and winced. There was no pain, only the feel of the scarred flesh that went from beneath her eye down her cheek and neck, the scars she'd gained from a car accident over ten years ago. Brad reached out, took her hand and touched the scarred side of her face.

"Don't do this to yourself," he said. He held her in his arms as she held the tears at bay. "One day you're going to find a man who loves you for who you are. Not the way you look."

Noelle pulled out of his grip and turned away from him. She stared at her bedroom and around at the plain walls. For ten years she'd lived without looking in a mirror. The sight of her scars made her hate her life and what had happened to cause them. She never spoke to her family, as she couldn't stop herself from blaming them for her ugliness.

"I'm twenty years old. That crap about falling in love and finding a man who'll love me for me is bullshit. You know that. I know that. So stop trying to fill me up with false promises." She folded her hands under her br**sts to try to stop herself from touching her face.

"If someone can learn to love me then they can love you."

She wanted to shout at him. His situation had been different from hers. He would never carry around physical scars on his body. Brad, or Bradley Welch, had been sober for two years. He'd suffered with alcohol and drug addiction along with a gambling problem. When she listed the problems she could understand the comparison. She'd only lived with the scars down one side of her face and neck. Brad did have the hardest thing to deal with. Every day he had to live with the temptation always in reach for the substances he craved.

Blinking back the tears she turned to him. "What do you think?"

He moved to her side, ran his fingers through her hair. "You do know men will see past your blonde hair and full figure to see the woman underneath."

"All they have to do is get past the revulsion of the scars on my face."

"The hair colour looks lovely, but it's not yours. You're only hiding. How long will this one last?" he asked.

"Until I grow bored."

"Or until another man checks you out, sees your scars, and recoils, as you've said many times before."

The first time a guy had checked her out, she'd been shopping for their groceries. Brad had pointed him out to her. Without thinking, Noelle turned round to see who'd been checking her out, only to see the guy change completely as he looked at her face. Since then she'd spent most of her time changing hair colour, which she miraculously did without the use of a mirror.

Brad owned the only available mirror, and Noelle hated staring at it.

"I've got a lunch date tomorrow. Are you going to be okay by yourself?" he asked.

Rolling her eyes, she nodded at her best friend. "I can look after myself. I did a great job before you came into my life."

He kissed her on the head. "But I'm the best thing that's ever happened to you. You should call your family."

"Why would I want to do that? I'm better off on my own."

"You think you're better on your own curled up in an apartment all day?"

"I get by. Besides, who is the date with?" she asked changing the subject.

"My brother. I've not seen him in years, and I contacted him and asked for a date to talk to him."

She had heard him talk about his older half-brother. There was conflict between Brad's mother and the older brother's mom or something.

"Don't worry about me. I'll be fine." He kissed her on the head and left her room. Noelle played with a curl of her ultra violet hair. The colour had been a radical change. She knew it was a mistake, but she wouldn't change it. Unconsciously she began to finger the line of her scar. The car accident that had created the resulting damage was still a blur. Her father hated himself, and because she blamed him, too, Noelle stayed well away from home. She hadn't visited once in the two years since she left.

Sighing, she lay across her bed, grabbed her book and began to read. Romances were her guilty pleasure. There was no book that she'd read where the main heroine didn't get her man. Whether she might be on the fuller side or have something wrong with her, the men all fell in love, eventually.

She fell asleep during the early hours of the morning with her romance book clutched between her fingers.

Chapter Two

Isaac sat waiting in his favourite Italian restaurant for his half-brother to show. He sipped the strong blend of coffee they were famous for and perused the menu. Meeting his brother after so long apart would certainly provide some source of entertainment. None of the dishes appealed on the menu appealed to him. Frowning, he placed the menu down on the work top as he looked around at the people inside the small building.

He recognised few. The flirtatious gazes from women he was accustomed to. He couldn't believe how much he'd changed in the last few years. So many women would welcome him into their bed, but none of them would see past his glamorous lifestyle.

The moment Bradley Welch walked through the door, Isaac recognised him immediately. He'd been the oldest son of the next generation of Welches. Twenty years separated them in age. Staring at the man coming towards him, Isaac felt great respect for him. The challenge of contacting an older brother must have required great courage, especially since Isaac had publicly disowned his father's new family many years ago.

Bradley stood at the table.

"Are you going to sit, Bradley?" Isaac asked.

"My name is Brad, and I was making sure I'd be able to sit down."

Isaac nodded his head and watched as the younger man sat down. Isaac signalled the waiter over to take their orders. When they'd ordered a light lunch the two men observed each other, neither speaking a word.

The waiter came and served them coffee, and placed their lunch in front of them.

"Thank you for seeing me," Brad said, the words breaking the ice.

"I was intrigued by your message. I wondered what you could possibly want to see me about."

"Steps."

Isaac glanced over at him as Brad stopped the waiter from pouring wine into his glass. The restaurant always served the finest wine with every meal.

"Why don't you have some wine? I promise you it is quality."

"I don't think serving wine to a recovering alcoholic is considered a great step on the road of recovery."

Silence met Brad's admission. Isaac felt like an idiot. When he'd disowned his father and family, thinking about them had never entered his head.

"How long have you been free of alcohol?" Isaac asked.

"Three years from alcohol and gambling. Two years free from drugs."

"How old are you?"

"I'm twenty-three."

"But I thought you were twenty," Isaac said.

"No. Mum and dad had me while he was still married to your mum. You left as they were moving me into the house."

The silence well and truly broken, Isaac stared down at his salad. The thought of eating it repulsed him.

"I'm sorry to hear about your problems." For too long he'd dealt in the business world where his emotions were not needed. Speaking with his brother was awakening something within him, making talking very difficult.

"Don't be. I've gone through shit, but I'm better now."

"I guess you better start from the beginning." Isaac sat back, sipped his coffee as he listened to Brad inform him about his life. The steps to recovery and Isaac were part of a collection of people he wanted to get to know. He learnt the alcohol was only the beginning. His mum and dad completely missed the drug and gambling abuse. With every passing minute, Isaac felt like a complete and total ass**le of a brother. He'd been so convinced of his superiority and of his mother's superior situation, he hadn't thought the damage it could do to others around him. He'd known Brad existed but had failed to even give a shit about him. The other man had been dragged under by his position and had fought his way out.

"What made you decide to quit and seek help?"

"I met someone. I met a lovely young woman who showed me love and happiness can come from other places than at the bottom of the bottle," Brad said with a smile.

"Are you engaged to be married?" Isaac asked as he noted the other man wasn't wearing a ring of any kind.

"No. It's nothing like that. Noelle is my best friend. We share an apartment together not too far from here. She's amazing, but she has her own demons to live with. Anyway, you see, I'm g*y."

Isaac waited for the food to be taken away before starting up the conversation again. The female friend sounded like someone who really mattered, so Isaac brought her up again.

"I guess Noelle is one of a kind," he said.

"She's the most amazing friend I've had. Throughout the rehabilitation process and the start of my new life she's been by my side."

"How come you didn't bring her today?" Isaac wanted to meet the woman whom Brad talked so fondly about.

"I wanted to meet you in person, alone for my first time. She wouldn't come out. She doesn't like going out much."

Isaac noticed the vague answer from his brother but left it alone. Other people's business had nothing to do with him. When his phone went off, he told his secretary to reschedule all of his appointments as he would be busy for the remainder of the day. Isaac was shocked by how much he wanted to get to know the man in front of him. The life Isaac led left him unsatisfied, and the only way to get out of it was to take charge and be the type of man he wanted to be.

They talked about everything, the restaurant buzzing around them. Isaac didn't pay attention to the waiters as they served coffee and then dinner. The day went by as Isaac and Brad got to know each other. The first meeting was a huge success.

Brad's phone beeped during a conversation. Isaac watched as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and went to delete the call.

"Shit. I've got to take this," Brad said and made to get up.

"Don't worry. Answer your call. I won't be offended."

"Hi Noelle. ... I'm perfectly fine. Yes, I've met him. I'm sorry I didn't call sooner. All right...."

Isaac could hear the concern Noelle had for his brother. He wondered what the woman was like. Did she have a family of her own to care about? Brad started laughing, shaking his head.

"I've got to go. I'll be home soon. Take care, bye." He ended the call. "I'm sorry about that. We usually call each other on a regular basis to make sure we're okay."

"She sounds like a wonderful woman."

"She is. You'd like her, but I doubt very much you'd meet her."

"How come?"

"She rarely leaves the apartment, especially during the day. I don't want to talk about it as she's my best friend, and her problem isn't a part of this."

"Then by all means, continue with what we talking about before."

He listened to Brad talk some more and spoke with him. The problems in his own life were irrelevant as he sat drinking coffee and talking with his estranged half-brother.

****

Noelle placed the phone back into the cradle and stared out across the dark night skyline. The lights were switched off in the apartment, so she couldn't see her reflection in the glass. Opening the doors on the fortieth floor, she stood on the patio and looked down at the street below. She saw people walking around, oblivious to their life being observed. Sighing, Noelle folded her arms over her chest and walked back inside the house. When Brad hadn't phoned to say he was okay, she'd been worried half to death.

For the past three years, they'd been each other's strength. She's met him when she was seventeen, in the last year of high school. He'd been sat in an alley way as she walked past. Her gut had told her to stop when she walked in front of him, so she had knelt down. He'd stared at her with a vacant look. Her scars had meant nothing to him. His addiction problems meant nothing to her. Together they'd survived their painful pasts.

They could depend on no one but each other.

Winter was fast approaching, and soon she wouldn't be able to leave the house without the added comfort of a hat, gloves and scarf. She picked up her romance book and began reading. The storyline was about a full figured woman who couldn't find a man and ended up finding love through an escort service. The story was hot with massive amounts of tension and a gripping plot. The sex was dirty, which made her yearn to be the woman on the receiving end of such passion.

Putting the book down, she glanced around the room and saw Brad's laptop sitting closed at the table. Curiosity biting at her, Noelle moved to the screen and pressed a few buttons.

In no time the internet was up, the search engine ready for her to type. She placed the book by the side of her and typed in some words. Male escort service.

The search bought up a huge list of sites. She clicked on a few and gasped at the na**d pictures on some of them.

Being a virgin and never having kissed a man before, Noelle stared in wonder at some of the women being f**ked on the screen before her. The only knowledge she had was the stuff she'd watched in movies and the television, along with the reading of the erotic romance books. Licking her lips, she searched through all of the sites available. No man had ever looked at her with pure, na**d longing. For once she wanted to be able to be near a man and know what it felt like to be touched, to be cared for, and maybe even to be loved by a man.

Would she ever feel a man's hands caressing her body? Touching and tasting her, spending the time to get to know what her body liked, the way they did in her books? She jumped back from the laptop and closed the windows she had open. Her heart pounding, she waited for Brad to appear in the doorway.

"Hi. Sorry I took so long," he said as he pulled his coat off. "It's bloody cold out there. You didn't have to wait up."

She glanced at the clock and saw it was after nine.

"I wanted to make sure you got back in one piece."

He gave her a twirl. "I'm here, and I survived."

Noelle went into the kitchen and made them both a cup of tea. "With how long you've been gone, does that mean it was a huge success?"

"Yes. We don't know much about each other, but we are going to see if we can form a relationship together."

"I'm so happy for you," she said. She stirred the cup and handed him one. Her hands were shaking slightly from the images she'd seen.

"You're looking a little flushed. Are you feeling okay?" he asked and reached out to touch her head. She pulled away, not wanting him to touch her.

"I'm feeling a little tired. I think I'll go to bed if that's all right with you," she said. Going to her room would be the only way for her to calm down her erratic thoughts.

"I'll see you in the morning."

She nodded, leaned up to kiss his cheek, took her cup and book and disappeared into her room.

What would Brad think if he knew what she'd been searching for?

Closing her eyes and shaking her head at the stupidity of her thoughts, she lay across her bed and opened up the page of her book.

After a few minutes of reading about a virgin being f**ked, she lost interest. Staring at the ceiling above her bed, she allowed the pain to come to her. The pain of knowing no man would ever love her. She wished that just once, one man would look at her and want her to be with him. The tears she kept locked up fell from her eyes in a trail down her face. For so long she'd sat and cried about her predicament. Paying a man to pretend to care was the lowest form of self-pity, but wouldn't paying someone to care for an hour be better than living a life without any form of love?

Brad was her best friend, and she wouldn't dream of asking anything from him that he could not give. He was g*y, and he was in love with someone else.

She heard him move around outside the door, but her tears were as silent as before. When he called her name, she didn't answer. Speaking at the same time as crying would be a disaster. The lump in the back of her throat made it hard to breathe. He moved away from her door, and she could give in freely to her emotions.

****

Brad watched as she left the kitchen. She looked flushed and embarrassed, two combinations he'd never associated with Noelle. He grabbed his cup and went to the laptop still set up on the table. He frowned as he noted the internet connection was still hooked up. Turning the screen saver off, he checked the history to see if Noelle had been using his laptop. What he saw had him frozen to the spot.

He went to her door without thinking about what he'd found.

Knocking on her door, he called her name. When she didn't answer, he took a breath and went back to check out the sites she'd been looking at.

The escort agency had him in a panic. Did she really need to seek out male companionship? The question was a stupid one. He knew their friendship would never go beyond the bounds they'd set. He loved her as a friend, but he didn't find women attractive in that way. The man he'd seen while they'd been shopping together with Noelle, who had been checking her out only to recoil had been a shock to Brad. No other person had responded like him when they'd seen her face.

His heart ached for her. Closing down the laptop, he made his way into his own room. Lying on his bed he sat and thought about her situation. How would he feel knowing there wouldn't be many people who would love him with scars?

Putting himself in Noelle's shoes had opened his eyes up to the daily life she led. She worked inside a studio they had decorated together. Clients came to the apartment to buy her paintings, and he sorted through the transactions. At twenty years old, Noelle was one of the most talented artists he'd ever met. Her drawings bought to life so much emotion, that simply staring at a drawing made him believe he was looking into her soul. She refused so much in her short life. There were people out there who would love to get to know her, but she cut them off. She wouldn't go out and live her life. Brad didn't know how to get her to see past her scars and embrace the life she could lead.

Rolling over he glanced at the only picture he had of her. They stood together, their first Christmas inside the apartment. She'd not long turned eighteen, while he'd been approaching his twenty-first birthday. Her hair was pulled back, the scars a light red across her cheek. Later, after the picture was taken, he'd learnt how she'd gotten the scars, which was why she refused to drive.

Even as she smiled in the picture there remained in her face something reserved as if she was frightened to let go.

The woman who'd helped him to get his life back was screaming for someone to love her. Only she wanted to find it herself.

Closing his eyes, he allowed sleep to claim him. In time he'd find a solution to their problem.

Chapter Three

Noelle woke early the following morning. The inspiration for a new piece of work hit her. She put on her painting clothes, put the coffee machine on, and went to her studio. The only time she went in her studio was when she wanted to paint. Going into the room when she felt nothing achieved nothing with her day.

She placed a new canvas on the easel and prepared her brushes and paints before she began to paint. Then she let her inspiration take her on her roller coaster ride. The reds and oranges mixed together in a fiery scene of passion and rage, her innermost sensations as she thought of the pain and hurt of her current situation. She knew while painting the picture, she wouldn't sell it. These paintings were for her to keep or to destroy.

Not long after the car accident which left her with the scars, she'd begun to paint. Her therapist at the time had said it would be a way to see inside to her thoughts and feelings, to see the true depth of her character. The moment she began to paint, the therapy visits were out the window. She refused to sit and talk to someone who didn't get her.

This was the one room that Brad didn't enter. He would knock on the door and wait for her to allow him into the room. She heard him moving around outside. Checking her watch, she saw it was past seven. He would be getting ready for work. The energy she had felt at the beginning zapped out of her. Staring at the canvas filled with colour, she nodded her head at her progress before leaving the room.

Brad sat at the kitchen counter eating out of a bowl.

"You don't want pancakes today?" she asked. Part of their agreement had been she would do all of the cooking.

"Not today. I've got stuff to do. What do you have planned?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "Nothing much. I think I'll spend most of my day painting."

He nodded his head. Smiling at him, she sipped the coffee she poured for herself.

"Will you be home on time tonight?"

"I don't know. I was hoping to see Ben before I came home."

Ben was the guy he'd hurt during the years he was using narcotics.

"Is he talking to you yet?" she asked.

"We've gotten past the slamming door in face stage. I was a wanker to him, but the problem is I can't remember everything I did when I was in one of those states. I'm scared in case I did something I don't want to know about."

The conversation had taken a dark turn, and she saw the pain he was in.

"He'll come round. You've just got to show him the guy you were has nothing to do with who you are now."

He nodded his head, the bowl with his cereal in it forgotten. This is why they got on so well. Their pains were quite similar because of their damaged pasts. "I'm going to head for work. I'll call you later."

Noelle saw him out of the apartment, careful to make sure no one saw her.

The moment she closed the door, loneliness consumed her. She went and stood on the threshold into her studio, and the paints and canvases called to her. Only as quickly as the inspiration hit, the desperation to run away from her painting gripped her. The hold this world had on her was killing her little by little. Before the accident she used to love going outdoors. She would run or walk. Gazing around at the scenery was once a passion to her. But no more. There were only so many incidents of children pointing or adults gasping that she could cope with.

Moving back to the kitchen she pulled out the ingredients to make her lemon loaf cake, the one cake which felt like a treat but was wonderful to make.

She grabbed her mixer, set up the paddle blade and spooned in the butter and sugar. Measuring out her flour, baking powder, and bicarbonate of soda she put them in a bowl. When the butter and sugar were mixed she added two eggs in, gradually followed by spoonfuls of floor.

It was the same cake she'd made many times before, and she still felt the calming effect it had on her. The phone rang in the background. She ignored the siren call of the outside and continued to work.

While the cake baked, she cleaned her mess. For twenty minutes, she hadn't had the time to think about her lonely existence. The morning no longer looked promising.

****

Across the city, Isaac sat in his office looking over reports, which were giving him a headache. His friend Clark was telling him how much hot ass he'd missed the night before. He didn't care. He loved the time he had spent with Brad.

Tapping his pen on the work surface, he glanced at the time. Lunchtime was approaching, and he hoped Clark would leave. He wanted to take his lunch break. Work was no longer satisfying him. When his secretary phoned through to say a man claiming to be his brother was waiting to see him, Isaac dismissed Clark and waited for the other man to enter.

He didn't know why he felt so attached to the other man. Maybe it was only that he liked the thought of having a brother, even if it was a younger one, out there. Being an only child had made life quite difficult growing up. Having his mother's undivided attention had felt smothering at times. Thinking about his mother reminded him not to tell her about his recent friendship. Over the years, his mother had managed to get over what his father did, but he still couldn't bring himself to forgive the man.

"I didn't think you were in contact with your brother," Clark said.

"I wasn't until yesterday."

"What would your mum say?"

"She's not finding out. Leave, Clark."

Clark got up and left his office. Seconds later, Brad walked in.

"Wow. This is where you work?" he asked.

"I own the place."

"Yeah. I know. Dad's place is nothing like this."

Isaac knew. He'd spent a great deal of time making sure his dad didn't amount to anything more than what he was.

"I wasn't expecting you today," he said as he signed off a few more contracts.

Brad sat down in the seat opposite the desk.

"I've got a favour to ask," Brad said.

Isaac sat back in his office chair, intrigued by the rapidly changing events unfolding before him. "What could I possibly help you with?"

"You're my brother-"

"Half-brother."

"But you're still my brother. My friend is looking for some companionship. Male company, to feel close to someone. Her circumstances have left her feeling as if she can't be with anyone without consequences."

"Are you talking about Noelle?" Isaac asked. The woman intrigued him from the description Brad had given him. The women in his social circles rarely bought anything but annoyance to him. Most were gold-diggers hoping to catch a rich husband.

"Yes."

"Why doesn't she have any male companionship?" Isaac asked.

"There was an accident ten or so years ago, and most men can't seem to get past that. Or she won't let them anyway. She has some scars which keep her at a distance. She rarely leaves our apartment. I deal with the selling of her paintings."

"She's an artist?"

"Yes. One of the best considering she's only twenty."

Isaac had never heard of an artist named Noelle.

"Look, can I just come out and ask for this favour no matter how stupid it sounds?" Brad asked.

"I'm waiting." Very few men would talk to him with a frustrated tone. Isaac found Brad's approach amusing.

"For one night will you play at being an escort?"

He saw the other man was serious and burst out laughing. Isaac Welch was a multi-billionaire businessman. He didn't pretend at being anything.

"I'm being serious. Noelle means a great deal to me, but she's had one bad experience and keeps herself away from any chance of pain. For one night all I ask is you sit, talk, and cuddle a little. I don't know, but let her down slowly and leave. She needs this, and I'm willing to provide it for her."

Sitting back in his seat, Isaac thought about the offer.

"How do you know she won't know who I am?" he asked. Everyone in the world knew who he was. Being in the social pages was an everyday occurrence to him.

"She doesn't. None of the papers get into the apartment, and wealth means shit to her. She wouldn't know who you are. Just don't say your name is Welch, and she'll have no clue as to who you are."

Isaac didn't know what was worse, the suggestion his brother had made or the fact he was considering it.

Shaking his head in denial, he said, "The whole thing is ludicrous and unfair. You shouldn't be doing this to a woman you care about."

"It is because I care that I'm asking the only person who I feel I can trust. There is no one else in this world that I know besides ex-abusers like me. You're older. You'll care."

That was where he was wrong. Isaac felt like he didn't care for much anymore.

"You are asking me to go and take care of, maybe even touch, a girl who's younger than I and never had an experience with men. Is she some kind of sainted virgin?"

Brad fumbled in his pocket, and Isaac saw the other man pull out his wallet. "This is the girl you're mocking. She's the one who pulled me out of the gutter when she was seventeen. She's my best friend. No one wants to date her because of that scar on her face. You can't see it properly because she wears her hair down one side of her face most times."

Isaac took the wallet and stared at the photo. One side of her face was covered, but the other side he saw the beauty in her features. Her hair was a luscious blonde. The shot was only of the head, and he couldn't get a good view of the rest of her body. To him, she looked incredibly beautiful. He felt a pull inside him to know more about her. The feelings the single shot provoked within him surprised him. No woman had ever made him feel so possessive or in need to know more about a person.

"How do you intend to set up something like this?" he asked.

"Let me deal with that. Are you in?"

Taking another look down at the picture in his hand, Isaac knew in his gut turning Brad down was the wrong thing to do. He wanted to know Noelle even for just a night. Getting away from being Isaac Welch would make for an interesting few hours.

"I'll do it." He handed the wallet back and listened as Brad talked about the arrangements.

Chapter Four

The days passed, and Noelle felt lonelier than ever before. Brad spent a great deal of time out of the apartment. Winter was taking its grip on the city, which meant her outings were become few and far between. The dark nights were usually her favourite time of the day. She could take long walks and never have to worry about the stares and sniggers of men, women, and children.

Her painting grew more fierce and passionate as she began to crave the unknown more and more. She found herself searching the internet looking for an outlet, trying to find something or someone to see past her deformity. The desperation inside her was more than she could stand.

All she wanted was to feel close to someone. She sat by the window looking out at the cold and frosty city one morning. The sun was rising up, and in the first few moments she imagined her reflection in the window. For only a few minutes she would look at her face. The scar would dominate one side while the other would be as pale and clear as could be. Two sides to a coin. She had two different faces. The light burst out, and her reflection was gone. And she had not looked at it. A tear escaped from her eye. She rubbed the salty tear away as she heard Brad moving around. He would make a scene and stay at home if he knew her thought process.

"Morning, honey. Did you sleep well?" he asked the moment he came out of his room. She nodded her head and continued to watch the day go by. "Your dad phoned the other day. Said he left a message for you to call back."

She nodded her head without making a single sound. In three weeks' time her dad would be phoning constantly. In three weeks' time it would be eleven years since the car accident which had rendered her a mess. She'd been in the hospital for months, the pain of the surgery excruciating.

Her face wasn't the only part that still had the scars. Other parts of her body held small white lines from the collision.

Every year without fail her dad would try to get her to visit him and the family, and for the past two years she'd refused.

She felt Brad move up close behind her. He reached out and stroked her hair back from her head. "Tell me what's going on in that mind of yours?" he asked.

"Nothing. Just thinking thoughts."

"No hair colour change this week?"

"No. I rather like the deep red colour. I might keep it this way for some time."

"You've got to get out some more," he said.

"Brad, don't start. I'm fine. I'm going to go and paint. I'll see you later." She got up from her seat, walked to her studio and closed the door. In one action she closed everything out and was alone once more. She pulled the painting she'd been working on off the easel. Pulling up another canvas, she set her studio up and began to paint the reflection of herself she'd seen in the window.

****

Brad knew he shouldn't interfere. He set his laptop up and made all the preparations for the contact information. He'd warned Isaac ahead of time what he planned to do. The contact information was for Isaac's personal phone. She would be able to find all the contact details.

He glanced behind him at the studio door. For the past two weeks she'd become withdrawn, rarely speaking or spending any time with him when he did make it home. He could only imagine what she was going through.

Closing his eyes he debated doing what he was about to do. He should just talk to her about what she wanted, but he knew she would never be truly open with him about this subject. Isaac had promised him he would be the utmost of gentlemen.

Opening his eyes, Brad set the laptop up and made the account visible. Seconds later, he left the apartment.

He took his phone out of his pocket and made the call.

"Hello," Isaac said as he answered the phone.

"Everything is set up. She may call today."

"Okay. I'll let you know what happens."

They ended the call, and Brad made his way to Ben. He owned a club in the centre of city. It was the only place Brad could be near him without being thrown out. Ben was ten years older than he.

The club he owned catered during the day and night. He took a seat at the back of the bar and waited for the waitress to serve him some coffee. Brad couldn't see Ben but he sat back and waited for him to show.

He saw Ben the moment he entered the bar. Ben was larger than most men and he looked like a bouncer rather than the owner. Brad felt his palms grow sweaty as the bartender pointed in his direction and Ben turned his blue eyes on him.

Brad sipped at his drink as Ben made his way over to him. His heart pounded inside his chest.

"What are you doing here?" Ben asked.

"I'm having a drink." He felt so clumsy in front of this man. The memories he held of him were so few but he knew he'd f**ked up any chance at a relationship.

The addictions had begun in his teen years. He'd find the alcohol in his dad's stash. The drinking helped ease the pain of his situation. The drugs were easy to come by. The school his parents sent him to could get anything. Then at the weekends he would use a fake identity to get into casinos. The lifestyle his mother wanted had brought him nothing but problems. They never took the time with him as they did with the other children they had together. In fact, they treated him as if he brought shame to the family, an outsider forever looking in on what he couldn't have.

"You're not supposed to be here. The drink is too much of a risk for you."

"I'm drinking coffee. I've not touched a drop of alcohol in three years."

"And the drugs?"

"Two years. I'm on the straight and narrow. I swear."

Ben stared at him for several moments. He felt the stain of embarrassment blush his cheeks. The years of being on substances had made him forget what he'd done to this man. Ben wanted nothing to do with him. He couldn't live life without knowing what he'd done and if there was some way for him to make amends.

"What did I do? Why do you hate me so much?" Brad asked.

"I haven't got time for this, Brad. Finish your coffee and then leave. I've got a business to run."

Brad watched him disappear through some double doors. His hands were shaking and he left his coffee unfinished. He took a couple of notes out of his wallet to pay for the coffee and to tip the waitress before he left.

Out on the street, Brad began to walk without looking where he was going. He needed to clear his head from the riot of thoughts running through his head.

****

Noelle pulled out of her trance just after lunch time. She ignored the phone as it rang. She had stuff that was far more important for her to do. Staring at herself in the portrait she left it to dry.

Opening the studio door she went to the phone and saw three messages waiting for her. She clicked the button for her to hear them.

"Hiya, honey. I know I keep calling, but your mum and I were wondering if you'd be able to make it down to us? It has been a couple years since we last saw you, and we don't want to keep sending you cards. Call me. Dad."

She deleted the message. Brad would force her to phone them if he knew they'd gotten in touch.

"Sorry, it's me again. Please call. I know you don't want to, but I want to hear your voice. I love you baby, and I'm so sorry about what happened."

"You're so sorry, but it doesn't stop you having a f**king drink, you bastard." She deleted the next few messages when she heard the voice of her dad. Feeling angry and hurt at the way he was trying to blame her, she went to the kitchen and pulled two brownies out of the batch she'd made the night before.

Her h*ps would be protesting at the added calories, but she didn't care. Chocolate brownies were one of her few pleasures in the world. She moaned as the gooey chocolate coated her taste buds. The flavour was addictive. She took another brownie from the tub before grabbing herself a glass of milk.

She noted Brad's laptop set up on the table. Frowning, she moved closer to see if he was waiting for anything. It was unlike him to leave it lying around. She sat down and began hunting around like she did last time. A page kept popping up which dominated the rest. The page was for the exclusive company of a male escort. There was no picture just some information about his service, payment details and a phone number. Staring at the screen for the longest time, she debated her options.

Option one, she could go to a bar and try and pick a drunken man up and hope he would treat her right. Option two, she could phone this guy, pay the money and try to experience something besides overall disgust. Moving away, she grabbed the phone.

Twice she phoned the number and put it down before it could ring. On the third time a man picked up, and terrified, she put the phone down. On the fourth ring, she let him pick up.

"Hello," he said.

She didn't have a clue as to what to say.

"Hello," he said again.

From his voice alone she knew he was sexy.

"If this is a prank call...."

"No. It's not. I'm so sorry. I've never done this before." Noelle gasped and placed a hand in front of her mouth. She wished she could take the words back.

"Many people haven't phoned this number. May I ask who is calling?" His voice dripped with charm.

Closing her eyes, her heart raced as her body became instantly alert to the man on the phone. Brad never made her feel this way.

"I don't know why I was calling. It's a stupid reason. I'm really sorry to bother you."

"Tell me your name," he said.

His voice demanded an answer.

"Noelle," she found herself saying before she could hand up.

"Noelle. Pretty name. I take it you want to book an appointment to see me?"

Staring at the internet, she wondered what the hell she was doing.

Chapter Five

Isaac stood staring down at the street below as he talked into his personal mobile phone. The several calls had annoyed him. The woman on the other end sounded pleasant, and he sensed she was scared to ask for something. He had no idea how an escort sounded or the kinds of questions asked. The only type of escort he'd been acquainted with was the type he saw on the some of the streets he passed or the television. He would burst out laughing at his predicament if it wasn't so important to him to meet the woman who'd helped his brother.

"I don't know about booking an appointment. I'm not really sure what I want." Her voice sounded kind. Young. From the information Brad had given to him, he knew she was twenty years his junior. She was much too young for him. Being a cynical forty-year-old, he'd seen most of the crap in the world and hated it.

"I think we should meet. We can arrange a time and place to meet. If you're not happy with me then no hard feelings." He glanced down at his watch anticipating when she would want to see him.

"When would be suitable to you?" she asked.

"How about tonight?" He was never a patient man. The sooner he saw her and got his obsession out of the way would suit him.

"Are you sure you want to meet that soon?"

"Yes. I look forward to meeting you, Noelle."

They scheduled a small but discreet hotel. She would arrive around eight, and he would arrive half an hour later. They ended the call. Isaac stared down at the phone and realised he hadn't given her his name.

For the first time in a long time he was looking forward his evening. He thought about the photo Brad had shown him and the beauty of her eyes and the innocence in her face. She must have suffered much in her short life to feel she had to resort to an escort agency.

He waited for Brad to answer his phone.

"Hello," Brad said.

"Noelle phoned. We've organised to meet tonight."

"I hope she finds what she's looking for. Don't be horrible to her, and let her down gently. I don't know if this is a good idea."

"Why wouldn't it be a good idea?"

"Lying to her. She deserves better than this. Promise me you'll take care of her."

"Of course I will."

"Okay. I've got to go, and I'll talk to you soon."

Brad ended the call, which left Isaac staring at his mobile phone in confusion. This had been the other man's idea. Not his. Flipping his phone closed, he finished up his day of work. He intended to leave early to prepare for his night. He had no idea what was going to happen. The whole idea was a stupid one, and he couldn't explain why he was going through with it. Noelle sounded nice on the phone, and it was his own curiosity that had made him agree.

He left his office at five, drove home and changed for the night ahead of him. The moment he walked into his apartment, he went straight to the shower. He pulled all of his clothes off his body and spent ten minutes under the warm water. After he got out, he dried the water from his body and went to his wardrobe.

He had no idea what escorts wore. Checking out his clothes, he settled on a pair of black pants and a plain white shirt. He'd take a jacket to keep the chill off.

This would be the first time he met a woman without the back up of his bank balance. He wondered what it would feel like to be Isaac the man rather than the businessman with lots of wealth. Most of the people who came into contact with him knew more about his state of affairs than what drink he liked.

For the remainder of his time, he sat down at his office desk and worked some more. The work he did was a pitiful excuse for a life.

When the clock struck eight, he made his way out of his apartment.

****

Brad found himself at the side entrance to the club. The man guarding gave him a frustrated look and talked into his cell phone. Minutes later, Ben stood at the door looking furious.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

"I only want to talk."

Ben glared down at him and then turned and nodded at the guard. Brad was patted down and made to follow Ben round the back of the club through to his office. Semi-clad girls walked past him, but none of them held any appeal. He walked into the office and waited for Ben to shut the door.

"Have a seat." Ben took the seat behind the desk and stared at him. "I'm pleased you've gotten help, Brad. I am. I know all about Noelle and the help she's given you."

"Thank you. I want to know what I did, Ben. I can't remember much about that time. I know you were in my life, and I believe at one time we were lovers."

Ben laughed. "You're not ready to deal with what you did to me, boy. Getting involved with you was the biggest mistake of my life. I appreciate that you're struggling, but my advice would be for you not to come round here anymore."

"I can't just leave like this."

"Yes. You can. Tell Noelle I said thank you, but I think it would be best for both of us if you give me more space. I'm not ready to deal with you, yet."

Brad wanted to argue with him. He held his tongue because he couldn't find the right words to even try to defend himself. The fact that Ben had finally decided to allow him the time to talk even though it was to tell him he wasn't ready, was success in itself.

Ben showed him out of the back exit of the club, and Brad watched him walk away this time, his anger cutting into him. He'd been the cause of Ben's pain. He hated himself for the problems he'd caused.

Turning away from the vision of his ass moving away from him, he went along the street until he entered the nearest bar. He sat on a stool and looked at the lines of liquor bottles available to drown himself in.

The bar man asked him what he wanted to drink.

"Scotch over ice."

Minutes later, the drink was placed on the bar. Brad stared at it. His world was once controlled by the small amount of liquid at the bottom of the glass. He lifted the glass and scented the whiskey. His stomach turned over even as his mouth watered for a drop.

Heart racing, he placed the drink back down. He thought of Noelle and the effort she'd put in to getting him on the straight and narrow. Then he thought of Ben. During his years of drinking, he'd caused him so much pain because of the drink. It would be so easy to forget the world and drown himself in drink and drugs, but then everyone would have been right about him. Noelle would have no one, and he would spend the remainder of his life wondering what would have happened if he was stronger.

Standing up from the bar, he paid the bill for the glass of scotch and left. Drinking was not an option. He walked the small distance to his apartment. When he entered he knew Noelle would be out with his brother. He hoped he'd done the right thing.

Chapter Six

Noelle sat in the hotel room, her palms sweating and her heart beating rapidly. She had made a mistake. There was no way she could phone an escort with the idea of spending time together. Shaking her head, she fumbled round the room, grabbing her purse and sweater. The mistake had been all hers. She went for the door, opened it and collided with a hard male chest.

His arms came round her, stopping her from falling flat on her face.

Her hair covered the scar on the right side of her face as she looked up the long length of body to find the most amazing dark brown eyes staring back at her.

"Where are you running out so fast?" the mystery man asked.

"I've got to go."

"What are you doing in this hotel room?"

"I reserved this hotel room."

He hadn't removed his hands, his thumbs rubbing circles where they lay. She felt the heat pool inside her body from the smallest of contacts.

Get over yourself. He's a hot man who wouldn't want anything to do with you.

"Then you must be Elle."

"Noelle," she said, correcting him. He placed a finger under her chin and tilted her head back. He stared into her eyes stopping her from breathing from his intense scrutiny.

"I want to call you Elle."

Her hair had fallen away from the scarred part of her face. She pulled out of his hold and back into the room. Her heart pounded from the contact of a man while she panicked in case he ran out screaming. She felt like a monster with the way her face was.

"Don't hide from me," he said. She watched as he closed the door turning the lock. The sound echoed around the room making her shiver.

She was alone in a hotel room with a man she didn't know.

Bad move. Bad f**king move. Next time, Noelle, think of what you're doing.

"I promise I won't hurt you," he said. She noticed he didn't move away from the door. They stared at each other. Her hair had fallen back to cover one side of her face. "You look scared."

"I'm fine."

He moved away from the door and sat on the bed. Noelle couldn't get over how handsome he looked. He was older than she. She saw it in the lines on his face and the easy way in which he carried himself.

His dark hair looked thick and silky. She wondered what it would be like to touch him and feel him against her. He had dark eyes, darker than anything she'd ever seen. His whole presence spoke of power and wealth. She didn't know why she thought that, but looking at him he fit the wealthy role.

"Do you like what you see?" he asked.

"Sorry. I didn't mean to stare."

"Look as long as you like. You may come closer if you wish."

She shook her head. "I'm fine standing here."

He smiled which lightened up his whole face. She had the sudden instinct to draw him. She wanted to capture the beauty of the moment. He looked so at ease with himself.

Gazing down the length of her body, she was drawn to the strength of his arms. The white shirt he wore was tight around the muscles of his upper arms. Everything on him looked thick and sturdy.

"Do you work out?" she asked.

"Sometimes."

"You can tell."

"You don't work out," he said. Noelle blushed as she gazed down at her body. She enjoyed eating, and her body showed her love of food. Her dress sizes were in double figures. The last time she checked she was well into a size sixteen with some skirts being eighteen. Her body was full and rounded. Exercise never appealed to her. Running outside would never happen for her, and running in one place was not an option.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry. I love the way you look."

She frowned and lifted her gaze to him. He was looking up and down her body. "This feels awkward."

"Then come closer, and we'll get to know one another."

With small movements, she walked to where he sat on the bed. He took her hand and set her down next to him.

"What's your name?"

"Isaac."

His name played in her mind. She liked the name. It suited him.

"Do you have a last name?"

"Just call me Isaac while we're here."

Isaac hadn't let go of her hand. She found herself staring at the connection they shared. His hand was darker, sun-tanned, which was a complete contrast next to the pale untouched colour of her skin.

He reached out to touch the side of her face that was covered by her hair. She stopped him capturing his hand in hers. Both of their hands touched. His heat penetrated her cold palms. He represented everything she wasn't, hot, sexy, warm, and many wonderful feelings she could only wish to think about.

"You're cold," he said.

"My hands always are."

"I want to see you, Elle. Trust me. I'm not like other men."

Tears filled her eyes as panic erupted inside her. Most men ran away from her. By holding his hands she felt a need inside her to be close to this one man. What if he ran when he saw her scars?

"I'm afraid." She bit her lip to keep the tears at bay. For too long she'd let her tears fall and given into the fear that claimed her.

"Then fight it. You've already won half the battle in being here with me. You could have given in and not come at all. You're here. Slowly, you're fighting for what you want." He pulled out of her grip and placed his palm on the right side of her face over her hair.

She found herself breathing hard and staring into his sinfully dark eyes.

"Trust me."

She nodded her head as he moved her hair out of the way. Her breathing stopped as her hair went behind her ear, the right side of her face exposed for him to see. Noelle closed her eyes. She couldn't bear to see the disgust on his face. The bed moved, and she expected to hear the sound of the door.

"You really went through some pain during this." Opening her eyes she watched as he settled on the bed, facing her. He cupped her cheek and tilted her face up for a better look. His thumb touched the line from under her eye, down her check and neck to settle under her shirt at her collarbone.

"Don't you find it ugly?" she asked.

"No. You went through hell during this, and these scars are your own war wounds. Most people's scars are on the inside where no one can see them. You should be happy with them, Elle. You've lived through what caused them."

"But they're ugly."

"Only to people who don't understand what you've been through. I don't understand, but I respect you for it. Are they the only scars?"

She shook her head.

"Can I see them?"

"They're under my clothes."

"I promise to be a gentleman. This is our time, Elle, to do what we want." He placed a finger under her chin and forced her to look at him.

The tears she held in fell down her cheeks. He wiped them away with gentle fingers.

"I'll show you."

Isaac stood and began unbuttoning his crisp white shirt. She didn't protest as a hard, tanned chest was revealed to her. His chest was hard and firm. His stomach had a six pack, which any actor would want. There wasn't a single ounce of fat on his body. She wrapped her arms around her waist to comfort herself. There was no way she would be showing this god her body.

He sat down next to her. "Touch me."

"What?"

"I want you to trust me. Touch my body. I have no visible scars to show you, but my body is yours to touch as you like."

She gazed at the beautiful male chest and reached out to touch him.

****

Isaac was a goner. The moment he'd seen her something had awakened inside him. A deep profound longing held him in its throes. He stared at her scars and saw nothing but the beauty inside her. She looked so lost and alone, and he wanted to be the man she could rely on. The type of man she could trust. Sitting across from her with his shirt off, he craved her touch more than his next breath.

She was so much smaller than he. While she stared at his chest, he looked his fill of her gorgeous body. Most of the women in his circles were health conscious, always worrying about what they ate. All the women he'd dated had spent a great deal of time telling him the benefits of one diet or the other. As if they could tell him how important they were based on the effort they put in to be so thin. He'd grown tired of the bags of bones. He wanted a woman who loved to eat and laugh, a woman who could take being bent over a hard surface and f**ked for hours without breaking.

His c**k pulsed at the image of Elle bent over the bed, her legs open wide as he screwed her hard and fast. The thoughts of her na**d were going to drive him crazy. Brad had asked him to make sure there would never be any visits like this one.

Could he let Elle go after only just finding her? She intrigued him, fascinated him, and they were only on their first meeting. He winced as her cold hands touched his chest. Her touch sent heat throughout his entire body. He watched her face and thought about what Brad had said. She'd never been with any men. The accident had happened a great deal of time ago. Did she know the scars were faded? The scars had none of the redness that was often seen on recent injuries.

In his world, she'd be torn apart for the way she looked, but to him, she was the most beautiful woman he'd seen in a very long time.

His life had been filled with self-centred women whose only desire was to break into his bank balance. Elle had no such desire as she didn't know who he was. For the first time since making the arrangement with Brad, Isaac saw the benefit he could get from it. When he was with her, he could be the man he wanted.

Isaac Welch no longer mattered. He could be Isaac, a man with no intentions but to make Elle happy.

"You're so warm," she said.

He covered her hand with his. "I like your touch."

"This seems so surreal, Isaac. Is this what happens on your usual business days?"

He didn't have a clue what other escorts did, and he no longer cared. Elle was his for the taking. He knew Brad had only wanted him to do the one day, but he wanted to see more of her. The connection he felt was more than he could understand.

"I don't want to talk about other business days. I want to get to know you. What do you do with your days?" Isaac put his hand on top of hers and stared into her eyes.

"I'm a painter."

"An artist?"

"Some people call me that. I just love to paint. What do you like doing with your free time?"

"Reading. I have a thing for classic books."

"I read romance in my spare time," she said.

Isaac smiled.

"What made you decide to seek my services?"

She licked her lips, the action making his c**k harden further. Did she not know how erotic she looked?

"I wanted to spend some time with a man. Getting to know him and maybe progress to something further. It is stupid I know." She went to move her hand away. Isaac held onto her.

He couldn't tear his gaze away from her if he tried. The endless amount of empty f**king had led him to look for something more. The woman before him held exactly what he was looking for.

"I don't think you're stupid. I think getting to know each other is one of the best forms of intimacy. I want you to promise me that the moment we are in each other's company we are completely honest with each other. Will you promise me that?"

After several seconds she nodded her head. "I can promise to be honest. Will you do the same for me?"

"I will be completely honest with you."

He would keep his true identity from her, but everything else would be the truth. Cupping her face, he ran his thumb down her scar. The mark didn't mar any of her beauty. In his eyes, she epitomised what true beauty was supposed to be. She held substance and depth. Her emotions were full and plain to see if you looked hard enough. Brad had found himself a real treasure, and Isaac envied the time he'd already spent with her.

"I've only had one friend who has touched my scar. He's really nice. I think you'd like him. He's got a brother called Isaac," she said.

Smiling, he held his tongue. The instinct to tell her he was the brother she spoke of was so strong. He held back for fear she would feel hurt. Time would only heal so much. He wanted more time with her before he told her who he was.

"Will you show me your other scars?"

"I don't want to take my shirt off in front of you."

"I've taken mine off. Show me who you are, Elle."

She bit her full bottom lip, her gaze going from him to the door and back again. With a nod of the head, she stood up and began unbuttoning her shirt. He watched as each button released, revealed silky, cream-coloured skin. She did not get out in the sun much or use fake tanning lotion. Everything on her body was natural, apart from her hair colour. The blonde in the picture suited her better. The colour really showed up the paleness of her complexion.

Her shirt went to the bed as she stood in front of him. Her white lacy bra made her look so young and delicate. Isaac felt like a bastard. He was older than she, and he wanted her more than anything. His intentions were not all innocent. He wanted her with a passion that only a man of his age possessed.

Staring at the top part of her body he saw the white lines from her accident. Reaching out, he touched her. Her stomach wasn't flat like the women he was used to. She had curves. Her waist spanned out into large, full h*ps that he knew he would be able to grip as he pounded deep inside her cunt. The fire burning inside him was growing brighter with every moment.

"What caused these?"

"I don't talk about it."

"Would you tell me?" he asked. Their first meeting was about taking it steady. She sat down next to him, her nakedness clearly forgotten in the moment.

He only had her shirt off, and he wanted to f**k her. Instead, he glanced at her. For the first time in his life, he sat and listened to her, not pretending while he thought of something else. He really listened.

"I was nine when it happened. My mum and dad got into a fight about his drinking. Dad had always liked a drink. I used to make him a vodka summer juice drink. Orange juice, summer fruit juice, and vodka. I loved the smell, and he always seemed to like me making it."

Isaac felt so incredibly significant for her to be telling him this.

"Anyway, they argued, and dad stormed out. Said he was going to the shops, and he took me with him. Only he didn't go straight to the shops but to the supermarket. I'd forgotten to put on my seat belt, and dad had been driving. My mum was at home apparently frantic as she called the police. Dad didn't see the car coming towards him. He was so drunk he couldn't even drive in a straight line. No one was hurt, but I went through the windscreen on the collision. The doctors considered it a miracle I survived with the small amount of scarring I got. I don't remember much, only seeing the headlights of the other car followed by the crunch of metal. After that I heard my mum screaming at my dad. Since then, they always seem to be screaming at each other."

Tears had fallen down her face as she told him the story. He didn't think Brad knew the true extent of what had happened.

"You survived."

"I survived."

Chapter Seven

They lay down on the bed, talking. Noelle left her shirt off. They held hands, lifting their intertwined fingers to look at in the light. For the first time in her life she felt close to someone.

"How old are you?" she asked. Since meeting him she'd wanted to know how old he was. Glancing over at the clock on the bedside table, she saw it was gone ten. They'd been together for an hour and a half, but it felt longer to her.

"How old are you?"

"Twenty."

"I don't want to tell you my age," he said.

"Please tell me. I know you're older than I. I won't judge."

"I'm forty. Old enough to be your dad."

"No, you're not. My parents had me later in life. He's sixty years old. I was a late baby." She ran her hand down his arm feeling the strength in his muscles.

"At least you're not running out of here calling me a pervert."

Noelle laughed. "If anyone ran out of here it would be you." She burst out laughing. Her hair was pulled back from her face where she lay on the bed.

"This hotel room is depressing. The decorators really need to upgrade."

Their conversation made her giggle.

The hours passed, and their conversation took on light tones. They talked about their likes and dislikes, each getting to know the other. Noelle had never felt so close to someone before. She enjoyed the easy way in which she could talk to him.

"Do you have a problem with me being older than you?" he asked.

She found his age sexy. He was more mature than most people she'd come into contact with.

"I don't mind your age."

"Does that mean you're going to want to continue seeing me? We can talk or do something else," he said.

"I would like to see you more. If you don't mind?" She rolled over to face him.

"I'd like that. Shall we say the same time every week?"

"I'd like that," she said.

"It's getting late. Can I drive you back to your place?" he asked.

"Do you think you should? Is that what you usually do?"

Noelle watched as a flash of annoyance crossed his face.

"I like you, Elle. I'll make an exception to see that you get home safely."

They left the hotel room ten minutes later after they got their shirts and coats back on. The moment she left the comfort of the room she put her hair back over her face. She handed the key back over to the manager. Isaac stood outside waiting her.

"I don't mind getting a taxi," she said. She didn't like the thought of putting him out. Also, what would happen if he came to her apartment while Brad was there? There were so many problems, and she wanted this to be hers alone without the fear of what others would say.

"I want to take you home. Get in." He opened the door and took her hand to help her inside his car. The touch of his hand sent electricity up her arm making her gasp.

Isaac placed the seatbelt around her, securing her into the car. She was touched by his action.

He moved round the car and got into the driver's side. The engine roared to life the moment he turned the key in the ignition. He pulled away from the parking space. She gave him directions to her apartment. The space between them felt huge in the small car. The closeness they had shared in the hotel room was gone. She would be going back to her secluded life while he went and saw other women.

Biting her lip, she glanced out of the window. Would the next woman get his attention? Would she have flawless skin with natural beauty?

Stemming the thoughts inside her head, she watched the city go by. Before she knew what was happening, Isaac was parked outside of her apartment. She stared at the steps leading into the big house.

He made a move to get out, and she stopped him with a hand on top of his.

"You don't need to get out. Thank you for driving me home." She unbuckled her seat belt.

"I look forward to seeing you again. Wait." He started searching his coat. She saw him pull out a piece of paper. "If you need anything at all, call this number." He passed her the piece of paper with the number to get in touch. "Phone any time. Day or night."

She nodded her head and got out of the car. Isaac didn't pull away from the curb. She walked into her building, gave him a wave. When the door shut safely, he pulled away and was gone.

Brad sat waiting for her when she let herself into the apartment.

"You should have gone to bed," she said.

"I wanted to make sure you were okay. It's not like you to leave for any length of time."

"I'm sorry. I enjoyed myself and might go out again." She ran her fingers through her hair recalling the feel of Isaac's touch. "How was your day?"

"Fine."

"Did you see Ben?"

"He doesn't want to talk to me. I'm going to hit the hay. I'm glad you had a good time." Brad got up from his seat. He walked to her, kissed her head and left to his room.

Nothing. She had no reaction to him. Brad's touch was nothing like Isaac's. Touching her scar, she thought of him. He hadn't pulled away from her, repulsed by her scar.

Smiling to herself, she got a glass of water from the kitchen. One week until she saw him again. Could she last that long?

Grabbing the piece of paper from her pocket, she saved the number into her phone. No matter what time it was she would be able to get in touch with him.

She went to bed and dreamt pleasant dreams.

****

Isaac lay in his bed staring at the ceiling. The paintwork was flawless, not a single bit of imperfection within the paint. So many people demanded perfection. Anything less than the best was considered second place. Is that how Elle had lived her life since she'd gotten the scar?

When he'd seen her scar he'd felt an overwhelming need to protect her. Brad had not told him the full extent of her pain. Isaac saw it on her face as she looked at him. At every turn she expected him to leave. His c**k thickened with the thought of her body under his. One meeting was all it had taken for him to want her. She had no idea who he was. He could be the man he wanted to be without the social media destroying their time together.

Her body made him ache. Lying next to her without touching her had been a miracle. She held everything he was looking for. He wished he'd seen her hair before she dyed it the dark red colour. Closing his eyes, he saw the image of her standing before him. He remembered her br**sts in the white, lacy bra. Through the white lace he'd been able to see the dark areola of her ni**les. The temptation to take her bra off had forced his attention back to her eyes. The sparkle in her eye had grown with the time she spent with him.

Isaac couldn't believe he was hard and aching for a woman twenty years his junior, a woman with more complications than he usually liked. His women had to come to him for sex. Nothing else. Conversation wasn't high on his list. Fucking was the only thing he wanted to do. Hard and rough. Elle needed tenderness and time.

Wrapping his hand around his shaft, he thought about her on her back. The next time he saw her he would get her naked, her legs splayed open so he could see her cunt. He masturbated harder as he saw her spread out on the bed, looking at him with wonder in her eyes. She would trust him. Her reactions would not be rehearsed. Elle would be natural, and he would be her first. The thought of another man touching her sent a bolt of jealousy and rage through him. He would not allow another man to touch her. Elle was his. He didn't want the world he lived in to spoil her precious quality. Two minutes in his world would destroy everything about her.

Imagining taking her, Isaac wanked his cock. She would be tight, hot, and welcoming. He imagined taking her long and slow, then hard and fast.

Fucking his fist, Isaac came with a loud growl, his sperm shooting up his stomach. Using the blanket to wipe himself, he waited for himself to calm down.

In the morning he knew Brad wanted an update on what happened. Closing his eyes, he allowed sleep to claim him. His dreams were filled with a red headed, scarred beauty.

Chapter Eight

Brad phoned Isaac from a cafe. He'd decided to go out for breakfast before he went straight on to work.

His brother answered on the first ring.

"Hello."

"What happened?" he asked. Small talk wasn't going to get him the answers he wanted. Noelle had walked through the door looking happy. At the time he wanted to question her but thought better of it. She would suspect him of something if he bombarded her with questions.

"Good morning to you, too, Brad," Isaac said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.

"Cut the shit. Tell me what happened."

He heard the other man sigh down the line.

"We met and talked. She's a lovely woman, Brad. Are you sure you don't have feelings for her?"

Never had his feelings gone beyond the bounds of friendship. He wasn't attracted to women at all. Just then, Ben walked into the cafe while Isaac was talking. Ben glanced to where Brad sat. Brad's heart pounded. He had had no idea Ben visited the cafe. Otherwise he would have started coming more often.

"Are you listening to me?" Isaac asked.

"Sorry. I was distracted."

"You phoned me, cursed down the line, and then ignored me. Do you really care for your friend or not?"

"I care for her, dammit, but I have my own life to lead as well." Brad knew he sounded selfish. Noelle had sacrificed so much to help him. The least he could do was try to care about her the same.

"I asked if you had feelings for her?"

"No. I care about her, but I'm not in love with her. We're best friends. That's it. I wasn't lying to you when I said I was g*y."

"Good."

"You let her down gently?" Brad asked. Ben was served his coffee and turned to make his way to where Brad was sitting.

"Yes, I did."

"Good. I'll talk to you soon." Brad closed his mobile phone as Ben approached his table.

"You're not going to give up?" Ben asked.

"No. I'm just having a coffee before I go to work. I'm not here to stalk you or anything. I didn't know you came here."

Ben stared at him for several seconds. Nothing mattered but the two of them. They were the only ones who existed. "How about we have some breakfast together?"

"Love some."

Ben called out an order to the woman on the counter, smiling at him the whole time. It was a small, reserved smile, but it was a start. Brad released the breath he'd been holding the moment Ben took the seat opposite him.

He forgot about the blunt response from Isaac or how quickly he answered his question. Ben had spoken to him and was sitting with him.

Success.

****

Isaac put his phone in his pocket, disappointed that the call hadn't been Elle. His work day was boring him, the contracts tedious. His secretary had told him several women were waiting for his call back. The glossy magazines were spreading more gossip about his current relationships. The pressure was too much.

Added to the pressure of work, his mother had asked to see him. And he had had another shocker. His father requested some time as well. It had been over twenty years since he'd last seen his father face to face. Functions were a different matter. When he attended functions where his father was present, he couldn't help but see him. Willingly seeing and talking to his father had been twenty years ago.

What to do? He would see his mother at her country estate at the weekend. His father, he refused to respond to.

Checking his phone for the hundredth time, he hoped Elle would make the first call. He was a grown man with many relationships behind him, whereas she was a virgin with no relationships. Why couldn't he take the lead? Be the person to control what happened in their meetings?

He would not spend his nights f**king his hand when she would be open and ready for the taking. Elle was a challenge. Her beauty was more than skin deep.

His phone rang as he began to sign through the endless stack of paperwork. The screen flashed with the warning of an unknown caller.

"Hello," he said.

"Isaac?" He smiled when he recognized her voice.

"Elle. I was wondering when you were going to phone."

"You were?"

He chuckled. Being the easy-going Isaac came to him instantly. Usually, he lived for his work whereas now, he wanted something more. Working full time was no longer satisfying his craving.

"Yes. I liked spending time with you."

"I did as well."

"I want to see you again."

"We're meeting next week."

"No, Elle. I want to see you tonight. Can you meet me tonight?" he asked. He hadn't planned on seeing her so soon. Asking her to see him came naturally to him. The only other plans he would have had would have been trawling through bars looking for a willing woman.

"I don't think I can."

"Sure you can. Come and see me. I want to see you and touch you."

His secretary came through the door, and he waved her away. Getting up from his seat, he closed the door behind her.

"Do you want me to meet you at the same hotel?"

"Yes."

"I'll see you there at eight-thirty. I'll transfer funds into your bank account."

He wanted to tell her not to bother. The money would stay in the account until he found some way of giving it her back.

"I look forward to it, and, Elle."

"Yes."

"Wear your hair back."

"I will."

He hung up the phone with a huge grin on his face. His plans for the evening had improved.

Chapter Nine

For the second time she sat on the bed waiting for Isaac to turn up, only this time she wasn't in a state of panic but in a state of anticipation. Her heart threatened to thump out of her chest. The palms of her hands were sweaty, and her stomach was knotted.

The knock came at exactly eight-thirty. Brad hadn't been home all day, and she'd left him a note to say she would be out looking for inspiration. He shouldn't ask too many questions as her funds were beginning to run out. She would have to sell another painting to be able to afford Christmas.

She opened the door and there he stood. Her god.

"Hello, Elle."

He walked into the room, shutting the door as he did so. She smiled at him, her words hard to find when she stared. He really was a beautiful man, sexy and handsome. She imagined many women were dazzled by him. When he reached out to touch her, she froze. The action was unexpected. He tilted her head back with a finger under her chin.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Wondering why you are so different from the other women."

"I know you could have any woman you wanted," she said, crushed at how it hurt her to think of the endless sea of beautiful women she could only imagine panting at his feet.

"And yet, I stand here in your company as there is no other place I'd rather be than with you, Elle."

"Why won't you say my name?"

"Because Elle is what I want to call you. No one has called you Elle before?"

"No."

"Then that is the name I want to call you to make it special for me."

He leaned down and kissed her on both cheeks. When he went to touch her lips she pulled back, fright stopping her in her tracks. No man had ever kissed her before. The experience frightened her. Twenty years old and she'd never had any practice. What if she was bad at it?

"How was your day?" she asked, pulling out of his hold.

"Tedious and not important." Noelle watched as he removed his coat. "I spent most of my day thinking about you."

"What about the other women you're with? Don't you have to think about them?"

"I wasn't with other women today. I'm rarely with many women."

"But you're an escort."

"Escorts can pick and chose the women they want. Are you a natural red-head?" he asked changing the subject. "The colour of your hair. Is it natural?"

"What does my hair colour have to do with you being an escort?" she asked with a frown.

"Nothing. I wanted to know what your natural hair colour is."

"I'm blonde, usually. Can I ask you a question?"

"Feel free." He sat down on the edge of the bed. She touched the scar at the side of her face, shocked that she'd forgotten about it in his presence.

"What is your hair colour?"

"The one I'm wearing now. I've never felt the need to dye it. You know most women would love to be a natural blonde?"

"Most women don't have an ugly scar to deal with." She didn't know why they were fighting.

"So the little red mouse has claws."

"What are you doing, Isaac?" she asked him, uncomfortable with the way he was talking.

"I want to know everything about you, Elle. I feel driven to see what you see and to know what you know." He stood up crowding her with his sheer size and presence.

"I'm no one."

"No. You're someone. At least to me you are. I never want to see you hide when you're with me. Do you understand me, Elle?"

"I promised you I would be open to you. I'm being honest."

"Then why do you dye your hair?"

She stared at him wanting to lie. She wanted to refuse him.

"I don't want to tell you."

"You promised me no secrets."

"I don't want to lie, so please let me keep this one to myself." She took a step back, and he followed her until she stood with her back to the wall.

"Don't be afraid of me, Elle."

"I'm not."

"Then why are you stepping away from me?" he asked.

Licking her lips, she glanced up at his face. "You make me nervous, but I'm not afraid."

"You really don't want to answer my question?" Isaac tucked a stray curl behind her ear, his thumb resting along her scar.

"No. I don't."

"Then don't answer it, but beware, Elle. I'll want an answer at some point." He was so close she was struggling to breathe. His scent invaded her senses, and the feel of him pressed against her was more than she'd ever felt before. He moved down to rub her bottom lip. She gasped as his gaze went to where his thumb lay. Her lips felt dry with the intensity of his stare on her mouth.

"Why can't I get you out of my head?" he asked.

She refused to say anything. He held her under his spell. Isaac pressed closer, and she felt the press of his arousal on her stomach. He dipped his thumb inside her mouth and rested the digit on her tongue. Without thought, she sucked him inside her mouth. The action was as natural as breathing to her.

"You have no idea what you're doing to me. What I want to do to you should have me shot."

His words sounded promising. She didn't understand what he exactly meant by the words. He pulled his thumb out of her mouth and moved away.

"I can't think when I'm close to you." He sat on the edge of the bed, his hands running through his hair. Her gaze caught in the different tones of colour. For a forty year old man, his hair had the healthy sheen of someone younger. She walked to the edge of the bed where he sat and ran her fingers through the strands of his hair.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"I want to touch you."

Isaac relaxed. He held onto her waist as she stroked his hair. The soft wavy lengths fascinated her. He stroked her stomach through the fabric of her top. She'd chosen a thick one to beat against the cold outside. His touch moved under her shirt until he was on her skin. She held her breath from the electric. Whenever he touched her, the fire in her veins ignited, and she struggled to think coherently.

"You're skin is soft."

"I use good soap. Do you have your hair professionally done?" she asked.

"I have it cut by the only man I'd let near me with a pair of scissors. How do you have your hair cut?" He looked up and touched her hair, one of his hands on her stomach while the other twirled a curl of her hair between his fingers.

"I do it."

"Why don't you go to the hairdressers'?"

Noelle blushed. She never thought she would have to look good for anyone. Staring at the strand of her hair he held, she saw the split ends. She used scissors and simply cut bits of her hair until they lay down her arm.

"I cut it myself without looking in the mirror."

"You don't look in the mirror?"

She shook her head. Her throat hurt from the lump. She could barely breathe. "I've not looked in the mirror for a long time."

His gaze seemed to look deep into her very soul. Noelle couldn't turn away as she was captured by him.

"You have no idea how beautiful you are."

There was no way she could be beautiful. One side of her face was a mess. She recalled spending a great deal of time looking in the mirror when she was younger. One side of her face had been pale, completely unmarked by the accident. On the other side had been the brutal, striking, deep red scar showing the ugliness of what she'd been through. Since that day where she spent most of her day staring at her reflections she'd made it a rule to never seek out her reflection.

The other day when she'd seen herself in the window was the small luxury she allowed herself.

****

Isaac saw the conflicting emotions flash across her face. His heart broke thinking about all that she'd lost. To most men, the scar would be a massive deterrent. He saw past the scar to the beautiful woman underneath. The mark on her face was pale, and he could tell the accident had happened some time ago even without her talking about it.

Her hair was thick and beautiful. The dark red colour she had it made her skin look far paler than if she went back to the blonde in the picture. Sighing out at the unfairness of her situation, he went back to stroking the flesh of her belly. He smiled when he felt her quiver from his touch. She felt the connection as well, the electricity which passed between them. No other woman had made him so energized and desperate to be with her.

Inhaling her lemony scent, he relaxed as she caressed his hair. If he could come home from work every day to her, he knew he'd be a happy man. She gave him peace where no one else could.

He thought about her hair and was determined to see that she got a decent hair cut. By the time he was finished she would be able to look in the mirror and see the woman that he saw. Her kindness should be cherished. Many people would see past her scars if only she gave them time. His thoughts were ludicrous. He knew that if he brought Clark into the situation he would make him feel like less of a man because he wanted a woman who wasn't perfect.

Closing his eyes, he enjoyed her touch while it lasted. He didn't have anything else to get back to. The only pleasure he had was in the hours he spent in the small hotel room with her. They'd seen each other twice, and already they were the best two nights of his life. No sex had happened. They were close to each other without the need for physical intimacy, and it was perfect to him.

Was his age making him weak?

Isaac didn't know the answer and no longer cared. Most of his days were long and hard. If Elle held the key to him being at peace then he would continue to remain in the false position of being an escort to be with her. Seeing her reaction to certain questions had made him aware of the fact she couldn't survive in his world. They would tear her apart, and he would let them. He lived by a fight or flight code, and if she couldn't fight for her position then he wouldn't fight to keep her in his world.

Don't think about that, you f**king coward. How could you let anyone hurt her?

Even as he thought the words, his heart and head rebelled. There would be no way he'd let anyone hurt the angel he held in his arms. The battle inside him had already begun.

Chapter Ten

They met every week, each conversation more intense than the next. She felt she could talk to him about anything. Isaac opened up to her about what he liked and disliked. She loved the touching the most. His body was perfect, and when they were together she could touch him however she liked.

Brad was distracted by his meetings with Ben, and he didn't question where she went for long periods of time.

When she spent time with Isaac she felt like she could have a life. She paid the money into a separate bank account every week without fail, her funds dwindling down with each transaction. Her paintings were not moving at the moment. She found little inspiration in the studio. Her heart opened up in the short hours she spent with Isaac. If only she could get him to visit her at her home.

Winter was taking full hold of the city with most days starting out with freezing ice. The light of the day had fallen to only a few short hours. She spent most of her days immersed in a romance book with her thoughts straying to what could happen if she asked Isaac to make love to her.

Would he laugh at her? She dreamt about his touch. Her thoughts were plagued with imagining what it would be like to have his lips on hers.

Get over yourself, Noelle. Something like that is never going to happen.

It could if you wanted it to.

I'm not paying for sex.

You're still paying to be in his company. What's the difference?

The fight inside her head remained the same. Throwing the book that she held in her arms across the room, she got off the couch to pace. Her skin felt itchy. She was restless and in need of something more. Being scarred at such a young age had left her feeling incapable of seeking out company.

Her days were growing harder to deal with. She wanted to be wanted by a man. The tears she fought so hard to keep down erupted. They fell silently down her cheeks as she walked the living the room. Her body hummed with the need to be touched. She rubbed the tears away which only made her cry harder.

"Stop, just stop."

For most of her life she'd dealt with wanting something and never having it. Why did this one matter of touching and experiencing the pleasure that could be had between a man and a woman have to be so hard to forget about?

Her virginity felt more like a burden than something to treasure. The frustration she tried to stem kept biting her on the ass.

The sound of her mobile ringing stopped her pacing.

"Hello." She answered the phone without looking at the contact.

"What's the matter? You sound upset," Isaac said down the line.

Wiping her tears away, she gave him a laugh. "Nothing. I'm fine."

"Talk to me, Elle."

"Do you take this much care of all your clients?" she asked. The cruel words were not intended to hurt. She cringed when she thought about what she'd said. Bringing up his choice of career wasn't the smartest or the nicest thing to do.

"You're special to me. Tell me what's wrong." His words commanded her to respond to him. With a sigh she relented.

"I'm missing you." She wouldn't give him the whole truth. Allowing Isaac to have that much control over her would be a mistake.

"Can I see you?" he asked.

Her heart kicked out of her chest. The wants and needs she'd been upset about rose closer to the surface at the mention of seeing him.

"When?"

"Tonight."

Biting her lip she thought about Brad. He hadn't been getting home 'til late. She could leave early and avoid talking to him. He never looked chatty anymore.

"I'd love to. Same time?"

"Yes, and, Elle ... wear something nice."

"I wear something nice all the time."

"I know. What I meant was wear a skirt or a dress. I'll drive you home and make sure you stay warm."

She nodded her head and then realised he couldn't see the action.

"I will. I promise."

"I'll see you in a few hours."

"Okay."

Isaac hung up the phone. In the small amount of time he'd been on the phone her whole world had picked up. Glancing at the clock, she saw it was only three hours until she'd be able to see him. She went straight to the bathroom and began running herself a bath.

The lemon scent of her bath salts soothed her as she undressed. Minutes later she was climbing into the tub and soaking her body in the water.

She jumped as she heard Brad slam the door when he entered the apartment. There was no way of knowing the time. From the curses she heard, she knew his encounters with Ben were not going so well. She felt like a bitch for not knowing everything that was going on in his life.

He knocked on the bathroom door. She made sure her body was covered by the bubbles in the water before calling out to him to come inside.

"You're taking a bath early." Brad walked in and closed the door before sitting on top of the toilet seat.

"I'm going out to meet a friend later."

"Do I need to meet this friend?"

Noelle shook her head. She knew he wasn't in the bathroom to talk to her about whom she was seeing.

"What's the matter, Brad? You haven't been the same for a while now, and you're starting to scare me. You're not drinking again are you?" She'd never thought about him falling off the wagon. He'd been sober for so long, falling off now would be disastrous.

"Nothing like that. I can't get Ben out of my mind. Something happened between us when I was drunk and full of the drugs. I don't know what it is, but I feel it's bad." He let out a sigh of frustration. She saw how annoyed he was at himself. Sometimes, she could read him like a book.

"Have you thought about talking with him about this?"

"He doesn't want to talk about it. All he says is that I'm not ready to hear. What did I do? Is it possible for someone to forget something so horrible?" he asked. He wanted answers, but she couldn't give them.

"Brad, I don't know. Maybe. I guess."

"Could I really hurt someone that badly in drink?" he asked.

She saw the tears forming in his eyes. They were two f**ked-up people.

"You need to talk to Ben." Noelle grabbed her towel and stood while he had his head in his hands. She wrapped the towel around her body, got out and went to him. She pulled him into her arms. They'd never had a physical relationship, of course. Neither felt anything for the other besides the love of friendship. "Don't do this to yourself. You deserve better."

She stroked his hair as he let go. The tears poured out of his eyes as he sobbed out his grief, the pain of so many mistakes coming out at once.

They lay on the bathroom floor until his tears stopped, and then he pulled away from her arms. Noelle stared at him. Her friend was more important than her paid-for date.

"You're right. I've got to get him to talk to me."

"Yes. The sooner, the better. You can't live your life guessing, Brad." She kissed him on the head and stood up with him. "Are you using some kind of plant food? You're getting way too tall."

The joke had the desired effect as he began to laugh.

"I'm sorry to unload on you. You're right. I'm going to head out and try to catch him at the club. Have a good night, and I'll see you tomorrow." He kissed her cheek and left.

Deciding not to take offense, she left the bathroom to get ready for her date.

She picked out a pink knee-length dress with some stockings. There was no way she would be going out in the cold without being warm. The colour would contrast with her hair, but she didn't mind. The dress looked good on her. Brad had told her so. She hoped it played down her large curves.

She phoned for a taxi. While she waited, she wrapped her face with a scarf and a hat. When the sound of the taxi came up, she took her key and locked the apartment.

The drive didn't last long. It never did, and soon the taxi was pulling up outside the hotel. She paid him then went to the reception desk to ask for her key. The man on the desk was used to her, so he handed her the key and wished her a good night.

She was late from dealing with Brad. When she turned the corner, she saw Isaac waiting for her.

"You're late," he said the moment he saw her.

"My friend needed me."

"Then I can forgive you." He gestured for her to open the door.

She felt his presence against her back, dominating and invasive at the same time. Noelle fumbled with the key a few times. Eventually, Isaac took it from her and let them both into the room.

"Take your hat and scarf off. I want to see you."

She followed his command, removing the hat from her head and feeling the rush of relief from having her bound hair released to tumble around her shoulder. Gently, she unwrapped the scarf.

Isaac removed his coat. "I'm so pleased you could see me tonight."

"I can see you every night. I'm not exactly busy."

"The life of an artist is free and light?"

"Inspiration has been in short supply. I can't paint unless I feel the need to."

Isaac held out his hands. She placed hers inside his. They were warm and soothing to the touch. The electricity caught her off guard again.

"You feel it, too?"

She nodded her head, unable to speak.

"I feel like tiny bolts of lightning are going up and down my arms."

He led the way to the bed and lay down. He tapped the side of the bed. "Come and join me."

Pulling her coat off, she heard him gasp as she revealed the dress she wore.

"You look stunning."

She smiled and tucked her hair behind her ear. When she was with him, she wasn't as conscious about her scar as other times. Isaac helped her to see past her worries. Tucking her dress under her, she settled on the bed beside him, staring up at the ceiling.

"How far have you ever gone with a man?" he asked, startling her with his question. Had she spoken out loud?

"Why?"

"I'm curious about you."

"Do you ask all your clients this?" She felt nervous in case he compared her with them. Is that why he asked the question?

"No, I don't. You're the first. Why do you keep bringing up other clients?"

"I don't want to forget that this is what you do," she said.

"What do I do?"

"You do what women tell you to do. You make them all feel special in their own way for a price. I'm no different, and I don't want to forget that."

"What we have is different." He stared down at her. "I'm not like this with other women, Elle. You're special. I want to be with you. I don't phone any other women to be with."

She heard what he said, and her heart lifted. Her gaze went from his eyes to his lips. The thoughts she'd been having earlier came back to haunt her.

"Will you kiss me?" she asked before she could stop herself.

"What?"

Closing her eyes at the stupidity of her thoughts, she asked the question again. She had nothing to lose.

****

"Will you kiss me?" she asked. Isaac stared into her beautiful eyes and knew he'd lost any battle he once had. Brad asked for him to let her down gently, so she wouldn't be tempted to see him again. After meeting her, he wanted to spend more time in her company. He didn't see the scar on her face. He saw the kindness in her heart. The beauty of her scar told him she'd fought to survive. "Forget about it." She pulled away from him and sat on the bed.

Without thinking, he pulled her into his arms. Cupping the right side of her face, he ran his thumb over the scarred flesh of her cheek. She gasped, and he took her lips in a gentle kiss. The moment his lips touched hers, he was a goner. The soft feel of her mouth frozen under him made him want to coax a response from her, to feel her passion as she kissed him back. Tilting her head back, Isaac plunged his tongue inside her mouth. The exquisite sound and vibration as she moaned had his c**k thickening inside his pants.

Moments later she responded to the demanding heat of his kiss, her lips opening as she submitted to his onslaught. Her inexperience added to his pleasure. He held her waist as he cupped her face. She lay on her back. Isaac wanted to feel her beneath him. He changed positions. He pushed open her thighs as he took her lips again.

She moaned as he plunged inside her mouth with his tongue. Her hands fisted in his shirt, her tits rising over the top of her dress with each indrawn breath. All he needed to do was pull the fabric aside, and she would fit snugly against his palm. Moving from her lips to her neck, he inhaled her sweet scent before kissing each of her mounds. His c**k pulsed out pr**cum. The desperation to get inside her was driving him crazy.

He pulled back. It was the only thing he could do to gain control. She stared at him with hooded eyes, her lips bruised from his kisses.

"If you wanted me to kiss you, all you had to do was ask."

"I didn't know if you'd want to kiss me," she said.

I want to do more than kiss you. I've f**ked so many women, and none of them are as precious to me as you are.

"I wanted to kiss you the first moment we met."

"Really?"

He chuckled. One of her charms was her lack of knowledge of how desirable she was. "Do you want me to kiss you again?" he asked.

She nodded her head.

"Ask me."

She licked her lips. The sight of her pink tongue licking a path along her lips made him moan and thrust his h*ps into the air. He wished her tongue was licking along his cock. He would love to see himself sinking into her mouth as she sucked him. His balls were tight in his pants.

"Isaac, will you kiss me?"

He smiled, leaning back on his legs. "Yes, but you've got to come and kiss me."

Noelle hesitated before she moved out from under him. He got a quick flash of her panties as she moved her legs under her. The jolt of pleasure shocked him. The view of seeing innocent panties should not have had any effect on him at all. She went on her knees and lead over to him. He held back until she had no choice but to put her hands on him to balance herself. She rested on his chest, both of them on their knees.

"I'm not tall enough," she said.

"Cup my head and bring me to you." Isaac didn't know why he was creating the intimacy. He only knew that he wanted to feel her bringing him in for a kiss.

She circled his neck and pulled him down so their heads were touching, their breath mingling. The only sounds he could hear were the different tones of their indrawn breath.

"You've got me, Elle," he whispered and then claimed her lips once again. They fell together, their lips locked and their hearts pounding. The rest of the hours passed in a haze as they spent the entire time together kissing each other.

When the time ended, he helped her into her coat, placed the hat on her head, and folded the scarf around her face. He kissed her right cheek before taking her lips once again.

"I think I should take you to the cops," he said.

"Why?"

"Your lips are addictive, and I think I should report them."

She hit him on the chest and burst out laughing. "You're so full of it sometimes," she said.

"Let's take you home."

He went to his car as she gave back the key. The heating inside was on, so she would feel the benefit as soon as she got inside.

"It is getting really cold out."

"I know." He pulled out of the parking lot and made his way to her apartment. He noted her place was pitch-black as he turned up.

"Do you want me to come up?" he asked, already unbuckling his seat belt.

"You don't have to."

"From the looks of it, your friend isn't home, and I don't like the thought of you going up there on your own."

He climbed out and followed her inside. Isaac waited as she produced the key to her door. She flicked the light switch, and he was in her apartment.

The place was a lot smaller than he expected. He wondered why Brad was living in a smaller place when he could afford something more expensive and spacious. Their dad might not be the wealthiest man in the world, but he did have quite a bit of money. Isaac made a note to talk to him the next time his brother phoned.

"Brad? Are you home?" she called out.

No answer came.

"He must be out with Ben."

"Who's Ben?"

"A guy he's in love with." She closed the door and pulled off her jacket and scarf. "I'll make you some coffee before you go."

He went with her to the kitchen. Isaac sat in the only seat at the counter and watched her working the kettle. He found women in kitchens a thing to avoid as it created an intimacy that most women expected. Up until he met Elle he hadn't wanted to share that kind of intimacy with anyone. Watching her gave him a sense of calm he wasn't used to. Was he getting sentimental in his old age?

"Do you want cream or sugar?" she asked.

"Sugar, please, two."

She handed him his cup of coffee. "Thank you for seeing me upstairs."

"It's my pleasure. I wanted to make sure you got home safely." He took a sip of his drink and glanced around the apartment. He could tell instantly that she had done most of the decorating. The rooms had a feminine touch. Most of the paintings on the wall he guessed were drawn by her. There was a sketch of Brad on the far wall. He saw the many conflicting emotions from the drawing. "Did you draw that?" he asked.

He got up from his seat and walked to the picture in question.

"Yes. That's Brad. I drew that not long after we moved in here. Brad was going through his withdrawal, and he wanted to remember his battle and asked for me to draw him. I love that picture," she said. He gazed at her as she tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. The action showed him the scar down her neck. Isaac wanted to reach between them to kiss the delicate curve of her neck.

"Why do you love it?"

"Because it shows him how hard he fought to get where he is today. You don't know him. He thought he couldn't fight his addictions, and he did."

"He sounds like an amazing guy."

"Brad is. He's the first person who wasn't repulsed by me."

"You're a beautiful woman, Elle. Many men would see that if you gave them time." Isaac meant every word. He saw her blush and couldn't help but smile at her innocence. "Can you show me more of your work?" he asked.

She hesitated, her gaze going from him to painting on the wall.

"You don't have to if you don't want to."

"It's not that. Brad is the only person who has been inside my studio. I want you to see it, but I guess I'm a little nervous." She looked so young and fragile. When they were in the hotel room he could forget about their twenty year age gap. She was more mature for her age than most women. "You're staring at me."

"I'm thinking about our differences in age."

"Does it bother you being older than I?" she asked.

"No, but seeing you like this makes me think continuing our relationship is a bad idea. I'm old enough to be your dad." His thoughts with regards to her weren't fatherly. In fact, he should be shot for the way he was thinking about her.

"You're not my father, and he's a lot older than you. Come on." She grabbed his hand and led him across the room to one of the doors. He watched as she took a breath before opening the door and flicking on the light. "This is where I paint."

There wasn't much furniture. Several canvases in different states of painting were placed round the room. Large windows overlooked the city, and he guessed it was for the light. She pressed a switch for blinds to cover the windows.

He knew why she did it and felt sorry for her. On the easel she was working on he saw a portrait of her. The picture was of one side of her face. The unmarked half. He wanted to get her to paint herself one day. Thoughts ran riot around his head of what he wanted to experience with her.

"Thank you for showing me where you work. I think it's time for me to go." He followed her to the front door of the apartment. "Stay here. I don't want you to get cold." Noelle nodded her head. Isaac pressed his lips to her, kissing her before he left.

His lips tingled from the contact. Thoughts of her would keep him occupied for the remainder of the night.

Chapter Eleven

Brad waited inside Ben's office while the other man finished the night shift. Brad knew he made Ben uncomfortable, and it wasn't his intention to make him feel anything but comfortable in his presence.

The club closed early on week nights, around twelve. Ben left to help round up the customers leaving him alone in the office.

Brad allowed his mind to drift, and he wondered how Noelle would cope with another winter being holed up in the apartment. She looked happier most days, and he wondered who the person was she was seeing. It couldn't be Isaac as he promised he wouldn't see her anymore. Ben came back in about thirty minutes later. "Sorry about that."

"Don't worry about it. I've invaded your working environment. I'm thankful you're talking to me."

"Don't take this the wrong way, Brad. I'm talking to you, but that doesn't mean anything has been rectified between us."

"I'm happy you're talking to me. That's all that matters. I can't change what happened in the past. I can only show you the man I am now." He rubbed his sweaty palms down his jeans feeling the nerves gather inside him. Ben could throw him out at any moment, and Brad didn't want that to happen. He loved Ben and had loved him for as long as he could remember. The feelings inside him refused to go away no matter how many times he tried to talk himself out of it.

It was times likes these where he wondered if going back to the drink would be for the best. He wouldn't bother Ben, and he wouldn't have to deal with the heartache he'd caused. No, he refused to take the cowardly way out. Brad was the person who caused these problems, and he would see to them.

****

Ben felt sorry for Brad. He wasn't a nasty person, and treating him like dirt had only made him more miserable. Brad didn't have the first clue of what he'd done to him. Ben saw the pain and confusion on his face and wished he could be in the same frame of mind. Many of his nights were spent in the throes of endless pain waiting for the sun to come up. Ben suffered from insomnia, which made night-time the worst.

Even as part of him hated Brad, he found he couldn't be horrible to him. Brad clearly had no idea what he'd done. He wished when he'd met him all that time ago he'd known Brad had been hyped up on drink and drugs. He'd seemed so charming at the time. Ben blocked out the memory of their awful time together. He got up from his seat and walked round the desk.

"I'm going to walk you home," Ben said. Brad followed behind him as he made his way out of the club. He locked the door and placed the key in the inside of his leather jacket.

"Do you know where I live?"

"Yes. I don't mind the walk." He pulled the collar of his jacket round his neck and walked side by side with Brad. Ben still felt an attraction to the younger man even after what happened. He didn't know what to think of his body's reaction to the man at his side. Part of him wanted to be disgusted for feeling anything while the other just wanted to forget everything.

Ben wondered if he was to tell him the truth whether that would change Brad in any way.

"I like the club," Brad said.

"It's all I've got left in this world."

"Are you ever going to tell me what I did to you to cause so much hate?" Brad asked.

Ben stopped and looked at the other man. "I don't hate you. I just don't think you're ready for what you want me to tell you."

Chapter Twelve

During the day Noelle painted what she could. Her funds were fast running out, and she refused to ask Brad for any help. She knew he came from money, but she liked paying her way. Isaac called her regularly to set up meetings for the night-time. She loved the moments with him in the hotel room. They kissed and cuddled. At the moment it was more than enough for her, the touching and tasting of each other. Her lips spent the remainder of the night tingling from his touch. She loved it when he hadn't shaved and then kissed a path down her neck. She shivered with delight thinking about having his lips on her body. The last time they'd met his hand had gone to her breast, the touch fleeting as he pulled away. She wished he'd taken the next step. She didn't like the thought of asking him for more.

Brad spent a great deal of time out of the apartment. Noelle hoped his time with Ben was helping him to deal with his issues. She cared about him and wanted to see him happy. More calls from her family came, which she ignored. It hurt to hear the sound of her father's voice. She ended up taking the voice mail off so she wouldn't have to listen to him. Loving her parents was hard at times.

Isaac dominated most of her thoughts, and she'd begun to make sketches of him in her spare time. She wanted to be able to look at him without him being in the room. Most of her energy was used to draw him from her mind's eye.

Nothing she created was like the real thing. He made her feel normal and happy. She didn't want the feeling to end.

Winter had finally taken its toll on the city. Everyone was taking extra precautions when they left the house. Isaac had asked if he could pick her up from her apartment. She told him no. Explaining stuff like that to Brad wouldn't help her cause. He worried too much.

They lay on the bed in the same hotel room. Isaac was kissing her lips down to her neck making goose-bumps erupt all over her flesh.

Sometimes they didn't need to speak as they lay together. Staring into his eyes was perfect for her. The emotions he created within her scared her. She knew she was falling in love with him. The only thing she didn't know was if it was a true love or a hero worship love because of him being the only man she'd been with, besides Brad, who hadn't found her completely ugly.

"I like spending time with you. The best part of my day is meeting you here," she said opening up to him. Their visits had become daily as opposed to weekly. She enjoyed knowing he wanted to spend as much time with her as she did with him.

"I love being with you, too." He tucked her hair behind her ear exposing the scars. "To me you're the most beautiful woman in the world."

She bought her fingers to her face, but he caught them before she touched the scarred part of her. He laid a kiss against the line of her cheek. She felt his lips, and the urge to cry consumed her. She kept the tears at bay, not wanting to spoil the moment.

"You don't have to cover yourself from me. Never feel that you have to do that," he said next to her ear.

"Thank you. You're the only person who's made me feel beautiful." She wished she could take the words back. Her fears and insecurities were the only things plaguing their time. She still bought up his career choice. Noelle knew he didn't like it and asked her to stop mentioning it. He was with her because he wanted to be.

"Your beauty is much deeper than skin. I don't know why you think they're so ugly. One side of your face shows the battle you've had to survive," he said. He was the only person she let touch her face. His thumb ran down the line of her face, going down her neck and resting at her collarbone where the mark came to an end. "You're my scarred beauty."

Tears fell from her eyes at his beautiful words. She could live with her scars if Isaac thought her beautiful.

****

Isaac saw her home every night. He loved being with her, touching her and kissing her. She responded to his touch with so much wanton need. It had been some time since a woman had been honest in her approach to him. Noelle was refreshing. He knew it would only be a matter of time before he wanted more. Touching her and not taking pleasure was starting to take its toll.

He woke every morning to a large hard-on. For twenty minutes he would stand under a cold shower until he released his seed in the stall. Without fail, he would watch the white spurts of his cum drain down the sink. The need to be inside her was driving him crazy. His work was affected by his constant obsession. Being in the middle of a meeting and thinking about her spread open and ready for him made him call the meeting to a close. Brad had phoned him to see if he was doing okay. He tried to ignore the call for as long as possible. Lying to his brother no longer sat well with him, especially when his father and mother were looking for any excuse to get in touch with him.

Clark kept trying to get him to share women. Beautiful blondes, brunettes, red heads, each with thin bodies. Seeing the women on his friend's arm did little for him. His c**k got hard for Noelle. Other women had lost their appeal.

Every night he left her, he'd convinced himself that it would be the last night. He wouldn't see her again. The following day he would find himself calling her number and arranging another night to meet until he saw her every night. When he checked the bank account he'd set up for her to transfer funds, he hated himself for the amount. With the rising numbers he knew he would tell her truth about who he was and what he and Brad had done. Then he would get into the hotel, see her smiling face, and know he could never hurt her by revealing the sordid truth.

In a short time, his life had become complicated, and he had no way of bringing it back.

Chapter Thirteen

About a week later, Noelle knew she couldn't put it off anymore. Her funds were dismal, and she still had to pay her part of the bills. Water, gas, and food. Her part of the rent was paid up for the year. However, she hadn't sold another painting, and short of getting a job she couldn't keep up his payments.

She waited for him still in her coat. Her scarf and gloves she'd removed. The heat of the room made her feel uncomfortable. When his knock at the door came she called out that it was open.

He stared at her as he closed the door. "What's the matter?" he asked as he came to rest on the bed at her side.

"Nothing," she said staring at the floor. Their time together would be coming to a close. The money she deposited into the bank could no longer happen. Until she sold another painting, she was broke.

"You look sad today. I hate seeing you like this." He cupped her cheeks and kissed her on the lips. The passion she felt from the touch made her want so much more. Instead of grasping his head and pulling him closer, she raised her hands and pushed him away. Thinking about the money made her realise she was paying a man to want her. What she felt for him no longer mattered. He would only feel something for her while she kept paying him.

"Why did you pull away from me?" he asked.

"I can't do this anymore."

"Can't do what? Don't you like spending time with me?"

"I love spending time with you, but I can't afford it anymore." The tears she'd fought so long came rushing forward. She stood away from the bed going to the nearest corner.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"I can't afford you anymore. I'm broke." She sobbed as she thought of their time together. In the small time they'd been together she could forget she'd been paying him to care. She gasped as he moved behind her, his hands going to her shoulder.

"I don't come here for the money," he whispered against her ear.

"Don't say that."

"Why? It's the truth. I don't want the money. Keep it. I come because I love spending time with you."

"How do you expect our visits to continue? I can't keep doing this, Isaac," she said.

"Take your coat off," he said as he removed his own. Noelle didn't see the point of arguing and took her coat off. "Now, what the hell is wrong with you?"

"Why are we continuing on with this? What do you want? Are you happy being with me?" She found herself begging.

Seeing him and knowing she couldn't be with him much longer upset her. Isaac was an escort and probably had loads of women. Why would he ever care about her?

"I can't do this," she said, picked her coat up and went to the door. She had to get out in the cold. She had to calm down her nerves.

"Stop." Noelle opened the door and yelped as his hand came past her head and closed the door. She yanked on the door to try to open it, but he held on refusing to let her go. "I'm not letting you go, Elle."

She cried out in frustration. He pressed his body against her back.

"Turn around."

Noelle closed her eyes and then turned around. She kept her eyes closed. She couldn't bear to look at him at the moment.

"Look at me. I want to see those big beautiful eyes." She shook her head. "Do it for me, Elle."

His voice was hypnotising her. With a final sigh of frustration, she opened her eyes and stared at him. He stood close to her. His lips so close to touch. He rubbed her scar and cupped her face, his lower body pressing against her.

Where she thought she might be falling in love with him, looking at him and responding to him the way she was, Noelle knew she'd already fallen. What hurt her the most was the fact she had no claim to him. Isaac wasn't hers and could never be. She could not offer him any real life as she didn't have a great one.

****

Isaac had no idea what was going on inside her head. She looked so distressed. He wanted to ease her pain, but he didn't know what was wrong. The money meant shit to him. Hearing her words made him realise the potential damage he and Brad could have done. He would find some way of transferring the funds back into her account.

He had only just found her. There was no way he would be giving up his chance of being with her. "Tell me what you want. I'll give you anything." He cupped her face in his hands and stared into her tear filled eyes.

"I don't know what you mean."

Isaac knew she was lying.

"Look at me. You promised me total honesty. Now is not the time to lie to me. Tell me what you want."

More tears fell from her eyes. He knew the kissing wouldn't last. Being together but not being together had hurt them more than he could have imagined.

She opened and closed her mouth several times, not saying any words.

"I want to be wanted," she said. "I want to know what it feels like to have a man who wants to be with me."

Isaac heard her words and felt sick. Hadn't he been trying to show her how much he wanted her? He was a sick bastard for the things he wanted to do to her, be with her. She made him feel as if he could be alive once more.

Staring into her eyes, he made a split-second decision. Grabbing her hand, he pressed her against the hard length of his c**k through the fabric of his trousers. "Do you feel that? That is how much I want you. I f**king ache to be inside you. I know you're a virgin, but I want to be the first one to ever open those sweet thighs and taste you. Elle, I leave here, and all I want to do is be with you put you on the bed, spread you open and take you, hard, fast and slow. I want you any way I can get you."

Fuelled by pure need, he tore the pants from his body until he stood with his shaft out for her to touch. He opened her hands and curled them around his length. Every action he did with speed so he wouldn't stop.

"Feel that? Feel how much I want you?"

Her mouth was slightly open as if amazed by what he'd done.

"You want me?" she asked.

In answer, he slammed his lips down on hers and showed her the true meaning of want. Isaac gave her everything.

Wrapping his hand in the length of her dark red hair, he spun it in his fist. Pulling her head back, he plundered her mouth taking everything she had to offer. He unleashed the beast inside him. For the first time he knew what it felt like to need to possess a woman, to have her as his own. The thought of any other man having her sent him into a rage. He was the only man who could touch her. No other. Her body, heart, and soul would belong to him and him alone.

God help him, he wanted to be the one to f**k her. He wanted to hear her scream his name as she orgasmed.

He moved her hand away as he begun to unbutton her blouse. She stood frozen, her lips responding. Isaac showed her what it felt like to be needed. Tonight, he would make her his.

Her hands curled into his hair. She pressed her body against his. Isaac pushed her away slightly without stopping the kiss. He pushed her shirt from her body and followed it with her bra. He pulled away to stare down at her body.

"Do you see how much I want you?" he asked.

She nodded. Her face flushed.

"Are you going to want me to pay for it?"

Her question cut him deep. Tightening his grip in her hair, he forced her to look at him. Her eyes filled with more tears after she spoke the question.

"There will be no money passed between us. I never took the damn money. You can have it. I want you, Elle. I always wanted to be with you. The money was only an excuse." He finally admitted the truth to her.

"Why?"

"Because you give me a reason to look forward to my day. Before I met you I was falling into a black hole. You're the only salvation I have."

"I've not been the same since I met you. I think I love you, Isaac."

Hearing those words made his chest ache. He wanted to say them back, but something held them in.

"You're something special," he said before taking her lips once again. No more words needed to be spoken. Her na**d chest pressed against his, the hard ni**les poking at him. He kept one hand bound in her hair as the other thumbed her red, swollen buds. She melted against him.

She wrapped her arms around his neck. Isaac pressed her to the wall. He loosened his hold on her hair and watched as it fell around her face. The colour was wrong from the picture Brad showed her. He wanted to see her natural beauty displayed for him. His gaze moved to her br**sts. The glorious round mounds filled his hands to perfection. They were pert. He bent his head and took one nipple inside his mouth. She cried out, thrusting her tit inside his mouth. He cupped the other and thumbed the nipple.

She screamed as he bit her nipple. His c**k was on fire with the need to be inside her.

Pulling away, he bent down and removed the skirt from her body. Her legs were thick and curvy. He smiled placing his hands on her and feeling the soft, supple strength of her body. Thin women no longer did it for him.

From his position on the floor, he could scent her arousal. Taking hold of her panties, he removed them. They were wet with her arousal. Standing up, he looked into her drooping eyes and pressed his hand between her thighs. Her cream coated his fingers as he slid them through her slit.

She gripped his arms, her eyes opening wide with shock.

"You want me, baby."

"I don't know."

He moved his hand away from her dripping pu**y and showed her his glistening fingers.

"This is the proof that you want me." Isaac sucked his digits into his mouth, tasting heaven. Her cream was addictive. He pressed his finger between her thighs, grazing her cl*t with short sharp flicks.

Her legs pressed together stopping him from touching her openly.

"In this room, you're mine, Elle."

"I don't know what to do. I've never felt anything like this before." He saw the panic in her eyes and knew he had to slow down or risk losing her forever.

Leaving his hand on her clit, he stopped moving. She relaxed against him.

"Look at me," he said.

She bit her lip, the action sending a jolt to his cock. He wanted those full lips wrapped around his cock.

"I want you to be clear about what's going to happen," he said.

"What do you mean?"

"When I take you, and I will, you're going to be mine. No other man will be allowed to touch you. Do you understand what I mean?"

"Yes, I think so."

"Don't think, know what I want, Elle. I'm a demanding lover, and I'm going to want everything from you. And more. I will want you to give me everything you possess. I want to know what turns you on and makes you click."

"But this is an arrangement. You're getting money for this."

"No, I'm not. When I take you, it will make you mine."

"But what about your other women?"

"Since I met you there haven't been any other women for me. I want you. Only you."

Tears formed in her eyes. "Really?"

"I swear you're the only woman in my life."

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her body against him. "I'm yours, Isaac. Everything you want. I'll give you it."

He knew he was a bastard for demanding it of her. She didn't know him really. She knew what he wanted her to see. The real Isaac wouldn't care about what she wanted. He would have found some way to get her.

Picking her up in his arms, he felt the weight of her. A protective instinct overcame him. He wanted to be the one to make sure she was always taken care of.

Isaac laid her in the centre of the bed. He wanted to take her to his place, but to do so could ruin what she felt for him.

He took off his watch and the remaining bits of clothing he had on. When he took her he wanted nothing to separate them. Not clothing or condoms. Skin to skin. He knew he ran the risk of getting her pregnant by not using a condom, but he'd run a check on her.

It was another thing he hated about himself. While she remained in the dark about him, he knew almost everything there was to know about her.

He grabbed her hand and bought it to his lips. He kissed each of her fingers, then her knuckles, then laid a fleeting kiss in her palm. Placing her hand above her head, he took her lips, plunging his tongue inside her mouth and coaxing a response from her.

The pleasure from her response shook him to the core. Elle would be his first virgin. He'd taken many women to bed. All of the women he'd taken were experienced in sex and f**king. With Elle, he was the teacher.

For most of his adult life he'd made it a rule to never seduce a virgin, and yet here he was anticipating popping her cherry. He hated the way he sounded to himself. Grazing his hands along her arms he settled over her tit. Tweaking the nipple, he had her writhing underneath him from the pleasure he created.

"That feels so good," she said with a gasp when he pulled away from her lips.

"I'm only getting started."

Moving over her, Isaac opened her legs and gazed down at her pu**y. Her blonde pubic hair was covered with her cream. Staring up into her eyes, he was taken aback by the trust in her eyes. It was the one emotion he rarely saw in anyone else.

He kissed her on the lips and trailed kisses down her body. He licked, nibbled and sucked as he travelled down her neck to her br**sts. He couldn't resist devoting some time to the full mounds. Her tits were one of his favourite features, and he was determined that he would f**k her tits at some point.

Isaac wanted to share everything with her, including the pleasure which can be found in the rougher side of sex. By the time they left each other he would have claimed her completely. She wouldn't be able to look at another man without thinking of him. Feeling like a total bastard, he grabbed her h*ps roughly with his nails digging in. He heard her wince and trailed down her body past her belly button until he was staring at her cunt.

Running his hands up and down her legs, he kept his gaze on her slit.

He slid his fingers through her lips and watched as her cream coated his fingers. She was so responsive. There was nothing fake or rehearsed in her voice. Her gasps were natural. Her h*ps thrust up to meet his hand.

"Please, Isaac," she said.

"Tell me what you want."

"I don't know." She whimpered with frustration. He wanted to taste more of her creamy juices. Going down until his face was directly above her pu**y, he used his fingers to open her slit and reveal her hidden jewel.

Her cl*t swollen with desire, she cried out from the smallest of touches. He wouldn't touch her cunt. Taking her virginity would be a treasure he would hold dear to his heart. Isaac fought the battle inside him to take her and claim what he'd never had before and the fight to give her the perfect night in his arms. The battle inside him was between the Isaac who'd gotten everything by being a ruthless bastard with no thought to other people's feelings and the Isaac who he was in her company. A man of worth. A man who deserved to be with her.

Pressing his tongue to her cl*t he felt shake as he licked her. She had a beauty about her. His own scarred beauty. Most men would never see the true beauty that she was because they would only look at the surface. He looked beyond the beauty of her face and saw the purity in her heart. A woman with so much love to give it was almost unbearable to witness. He could be the very man who could earn her love.

He flicked her cl*t and ran his fingers up and down the piece of flesh between her entrance and clit. The pleasure she should get would drive her over the edge.

If what he heard about a woman's first time was true then he needed her to be taken over by pleasure. The very thought of causing her pain disturbed him.

The sounds in the room were of her moaning and him licking her juices. She was dripping onto the sheet with her arousal. The pride he felt at being the cause gave him so much satisfaction. A couple more flicks of his tongue and she plunged over the edge with a scream.

He lifted over her body, took his leaking c**k into his hand, ran the tip through her dripping slit before seating himself at her entrance. Isaac leaned over her, took hold of her hands and pressed them against the bed at her head.

"I'm sorry," he said as he plunged forward tearing through the thin layer of skin that was her virginity. He forced himself deep inside her. She was tight, and he bit his lip to hold himself still as she grew accustomed to him.

She screamed as he entered her. She fought him, thrusting away from him, which only embedded him inside her deeper.

"Calm down." He soothed her, capturing her lips in a kiss to try to distract her from the pain she was obviously feeling. "I've got you."

"It hurts. You're hurting me."

"Don't worry. You'll feel better in a moment." He hoped she felt better. She was so tight, and he wasn't a small man. Experienced women sometimes struggled to take him.

"I thought the books were lying," she said.

"They are. I'll make you feel good, Elle. I promise." He kissed her lips, her eyes, her neck. Isaac knew how sensitive her neck was and paid close attention to her erogenous zones until she began to move under him, her legs sliding up and down his where he sat between her spread thighs.

Her pu**y convulsed around him, tightening harder than any fist. He closed his eyes to keep himself in control. Being inside her without a condom was sending him over the edge. She was the first woman he'd gone bare-back with.

He was pleased that he'd spent the time getting her wet to help make it easier for her.

"It doesn't hurt anymore," she said.

"Do you want me to move?" he asked.

Noelle nodded her head.

Keeping hold of her hands at the side of her head, Isaac pulled out of her tight cunt feeling every little ripple as he moved past her tight muscles. If her pu**y was tight he couldn't begin to imagine what her ass would feel like.

When he pulled all the way out of her tight heat, he pushed back inside her. Each movement he did slowly and with care until she lay under him moaning with the pleasure. She grew wetter with each thrust of his hips.

Her screams echoed off the walls of the hotel room.

"That feels so good," she said with a moan.

"I'm going to let go of your hands. I want you to hold onto me and trust me." Isaac let go of her hands. She wrapped them round his neck. He moved gown to cup her plump ass. Holding her in his hands he sped up the rhythm of his thrusts, going deeper inside her. He felt himself bump against her cervix making her cry out in shock.

He stopped as her cries held a mixture of pleasure and pain.

"Are you all right?" he asked.

She nodded her head. He bumped her again and watched as she bit her lip.

"Am I hurting you?"

"A little, but I think I like it."

Isaac smiled as he took over. His grip tightened in her ass. She lay under him, her hands around his neck. Soon she began moving her hands down his back to his arms and back again.

He slowed his moves to an achingly slow tease. She panted under him, her tits bouncing with ever jerk of his hips. Leaning down, he bit her right nipple, sucking the tender flesh between his teeth. He didn't know it was possible for her to grow tighter, but she did, her pu**y quivering around his shaft.

Pulling away from her, he glanced down to where they were joined. His c**k was slick with her cum. Her cl*t peeked up at him. He brushed her cl*t with his finger and felt her come apart. The speed at which she cl**axed shocked and delighted him. Her body was already attuned to him. The merest touch set her off.

Going over her, he slammed his lips down on hers. He couldn't hold himself together any more. He needed to come. Isaac wanted to feel his sperm drowning her cunt, to mark her as his woman so no other man could have her.

He lost control. Her hands wrapped around his neck, holding on as he gave her everything. He forgot about it being her first time and pounded inside her hot little body. Her pu**y gripped him harder. He lifted her leg high above his hip and watched as his c**k disappeared inside her little hole, the red, puffy flesh calling to him.

Her cries sank into his senses.

"Do you feel me? Deep inside your cunt? This is mine, do you hear me? Mine," he said with a growl.

"Yes." She gasped as he swivelled his hips, driving hard inside her.

Isaac felt the release from the tip of his toes course through his entire body. He slammed inside her innocent body and came with a roar, his seed shooting against her womb as he did. Pleasure sparked inside his head as dots appeared before his vision. He felt lost to the sea of sensation as his cl**ax ripped through him. Moments later, he collapsed on top of her. He was too boneless to move. She held him to her as he gained his bearings once again.

When the pleasure subsided, he knew he had to get up and clean her. Noelle had given him something precious, and he would keep every part of her with him. He pulled away from her, and his now flaccid c**k came out of her body. Her wince made him look down at the flesh he'd just pounded. A small amount of blood was on his c**k and her thighs. On closer inspection he saw it was only her virgin blood.

"Stay still. I'll clean you up."

"You don't have to do that."

"Yes, I do." He kissed her on the lips before he moved from the bed. Seeing the blood of her innocence had struck a chord inside him. He'd taken something precious, something that she couldn't pass onto anyone else.

He went to the small bathroom on the opposite side of the room. He found a small towel. Rinsing the towel under warm water, he went back in to see her sitting up.

"Lie down," he said as he approached.

She leaned back against the pillows. He applied the warm towel to her pu**y, soaking up some of the blood and se**n while he did.

"I'm sorry."

Isaac glanced up to see her staring at him with tears in her eyes.

"Don't be sorry. What you've given me is a gift, and I'll cherish it always."

"Isn't that a little old? I thought treasuring a woman's virginity was a little outdated." She smiled, but he could see it was forced.

"I'm an older guy, and I still treasure it." He rinsed the cloth of the blood and se**n and bought it back to lie on her red pu**y.

Isaac lay next to her, wrapping his hands around her. "I want to hold you."

Chapter Fourteen

Noelle woke up the following morning, and her body ached, especially between her thighs. She felt an arm over her waist, and when she turned over she saw Isaac watching her.

"Good morning," he said.

"Morning." She felt the blush heat her cheeks.

"Last night I was inside you, and this morning you blush?" She knew he was teasing, but at the mention of the night before she felt the heat in her cheeks intensify.

"I guess I thought last night was a dream."

He reached down between the blankets and touched her mound. She gasped as his finger slid between her wet folds. She was shocked by how wet she was and how much she wanted him already.

"Well, I'm pleased to give you a good time." He slid his fingers inside her body. She winced from the raw contact. "You're still sore from last night?"

Reluctantly she nodded her head.

"Come on. I know it's only a shower. Let's get ready to leave." Isaac pulled the blanket from her. She went to climb out of the bed, but he was there, lifting her up in his arms.

"You don't have to carry me. I know I'm heavy."

"I like you in my arms, Elle. You're not too heavy for me. In fact you're just right." He carried her into the small bathroom. Placing her on the toilet, he began running the shower. She watched as he tested the water before carrying her into the stall. He placed her directly under the jets with him at her back. She'd never shared anything with a man, and in less than twenty-four hours she's lost her virginity, slept in the same bed, and now was sharing a shower with the same man. She didn't consider Brad in the same league. He was her friend, and there could never be any attraction between them.

She wet her hair as she heard him rustling around.

"They have fresh soap for us to use." Isaac pulled her hair out of the way and began to soap her body with his hands. "I wouldn't use their sponge." She bit her lip as he moved down her body, soaping her body using his hands as a sponge. A moan escaped her as he soaped her br**sts, tugging on her ni**les.

"I didn't know a sponge could do that," she said.

"I'm a special sponge, and I want to hear you scream for me." He teased each nipple having her panting in his arms before he moved down to her pu**y. He used both of his hands to open her lips and tease her clit. The pleasure shot through her whole body. She grabbed onto the wall to keep herself upright.

Seconds later she shuddered as her release came. Isaac held her. She guessed it was to keep her from falling.

"Hold onto the wall," he said. Isaac placed her hands flat on the wall bending her at the waist. "Don't move."

She stayed in the position he placed her. From the angle she wouldn't have water splashing onto her face. The water cascaded onto her back and down. She felt his fingers on her ass opening her wide. She held her breath as he ran down past her ass to her cunt.

"You're so wet and perfect. I know I should wait, but I want you again, Elle." He replaced his fingers with his cock. She felt him press his large shaft inside her opening, his fingers digging into her ass.

A whimper escaped her when he slammed inside her. There was nothing gentle in the way he pressed every inch of himself inside.

"So f**king tight and hot," he said. He held her h*ps as he plunged inside her. She cried out as he hit something deep, creating a thin line between pleasure and pain. The intensity of the sensation made every part of her skin sensitive. Wherever he touched she felt the extreme pleasure he was creating. The rapture was more than she could stand.

"I want to feel you come around my dick. Come on, baby, let me feel you." Isaac pounded inside her, the grip tightening unbearably hard on her h*ps as the speed with which he f**ked her increased.

He switched the angle sending her over the edge as every part of his length rubbed over her sensitive muscles. He was determined to make her lose her mind. She screamed as he pounded her flesh relentlessly. The sound of the slapping of wet flesh against the other and their moans mingled in the room. His grip changed from her h*ps to her br**sts. He fingered her ni**les biting into the flesh with his finger and thumb.

"Come for me. I want to feel you. I'm so close."

At his command she screamed as her release came to her. She held onto the wall as he used her body for his own pleasure. Seconds later, he growled and bucked as he came. She felt the kick of his c**k inside her pu**y as his sperm erupted.

Isaac kissed her neck and pulled away. They didn't speak as they finished getting washed. Thirty minutes later, they left the hotel. She gave the key back to the reception desk and got into the car where he sat waiting.

He pulled away from the hotel and drove through the busy morning traffic. She pulled some hair over her face to keep the scar covered. Jumping in her seat as Isaac placed one of his hands on her knee, up under her skirt, she gasped as he made circles on her flesh.

"When you come to the hotel, I want you to be wearing skirts or dresses. No more trousers that will cover you. Do you hear me?"

"Yes."

"Good." They drove in silence until he pulled up outside her apartment. She hadn't thought about confronting Brad. He hadn't been in her mind since last night.

"I'll see you tonight," he said.

"You will?"

"Elle, last night was the start of something. If you're not at the hotel by eight, I'm coming to get you." He leaned over and kissed her. Pulling her hair off her face, he kissed her scar before settling back on her lips. "I'll see you tonight."

She got out of the car and made her way up to her apartment without looking back. Brad was waiting with a cup of coffee at the table as she entered the apartment.

"You didn't come back last night. I was worried."

"Sorry, I had it on silent. I was in a meeting of some kind."

"When will I get to meet him?" he asked, ignoring her explanation.

"Who?"

"Don't play me for a fool, Noelle. I know you're seeing someone."

Putting her coat and bags on the counter, she returned to stare at her friend. "I don't want to talk about it. You've got your business, and I've got mine. I love you, and nothing is going to change that."

Brad stood and walked over to her. "I love you, too. Don't let any man treat you less than you're worth." He kissed her cheek and walked round her to leave.

She closed her eyes and thanked whoever was looking down on her. She wouldn't have been able to cope with a fight from him.

****

Isaac sat in his meeting not listening to anything being said. His mind kept playing the events of last night and early morning. She had been a virgin, and he'd taken it from her as if he'd had a right to it.

Rubbing his face, he tried to clear his mind.

"That is where you come in, Mr. Welch," one of his employees said.

"Excuse me?"

"This particular case needs to be handled face to face. You're head of the company and could nail this if he was to see you in person."

"I'll arrange everything and fly out next week," he said not really thinking about it.

"Actually, we've organised for you to leave first thing tomorrow." His secretary gave him the flight tickets and the file that he needed to read. The rest of the meeting went by in a blur as he read the file. He was hoping to acquire another company to add to the massive collection he had.

He walked out of the meeting not caring what the others would say if he skipped what was important. Business was going to call him away, and all he wanted to do was spend time with Elle.

Clark walked into his office later that day with a frown on his face. "Did I hear you walked out on a board meeting?"

"You've got to stop screwing women from my office," Isaac told him.

"They're good women. Well, what is going on?"

"Nothing."

Clark stared at him across the desk. "Nothing. You're no longer available at night. You don't return my calls. I haven't seen you out with a woman in over a month."

"I'm making changes to my life, and that includes not dating."

"Something is going on with you, and I want to know what it is. We're supposed to be the best of friends."

"Clark, we're forty-year-old men. Don't you think it's time for us to grow up and settle down?"

"Are you having a mid-life crisis, or are you worried that you'll end up like your father?" Clark asked.

Isaac ignored all the questions.

"Rumour has it that your younger brother got in touch."

"No one should listen to rumours," Isaac said as he flicked through the file. He kept looking at the clock and waiting for the time to pass so he could be with Elle once again.

He felt he had a responsibility towards her.

"Then I guess I shouldn't repeat the fact that Bradley has a record for drink and drugs as well as a bad reputation for the gambling tables."

"Keep that information to yourself. He's fought hard to get where he is today," he said defending his brother.

"You know, your dad was at one of my ex-wife's functions the other day?" Clark asked.

Clark had married years ago, only to cheat on the woman with her best friend. Why did they lead f**ked-up lives?

"I don't want to know." Isaac had enough of waiting. He got up from his desk and gathered his files and stuff.

"Where are you going?" Clark asked.

"I've had enough for today. I'm going home to get ready to leave."

"This is what I'm talking about. You're not yourself." Clark grabbed Isaac's arm as he went to pass.

"Let go of me. I've got somewhere to be."

"What the hell are you doing, Isaac? You better think about what you're doing. Otherwise it's going to come and bite you in the ass."

Isaac pulled out of the hold and stormed out of his office. Thinking about Elle and last night, the things she'd said had his mind working faster than he could stand.

When he got to his penthouse apartment, he got into the cold shower and allowed the water to run over his body. She'd admitted to being in love with him. A woman who had no idea who he was had said she loved the man he was playing.

Isaac wasn't the same man as Isaac Welch. In his world he'd send her to the wolves. There was no possible way for him to love her. Not at all. He denied his feelings for her in the hope they would be true. He was a cold calculating bastard who only wanted to see her hero worship him. Her feelings meant nothing to him.

I'm not in love with Noelle Evans. I'm not in love with Noelle Evans.

He chanted the words in hope that the ache inside his chest was due to something else rather than his denial of feelings for her.

Cutting off his feelings he got out of the shower to change for his visit with her. He'd tell her he couldn't see her for some time. Then he would go on this business trip, nail the account, screw another woman and forget all about Noelle Evans. No way would he be controlled by his dick. Women were made to be f**ked and forgotten. Elle wasn't any different. Even as he thought the words, Isaac hated them. Elle wasn't like other women, and to think of her in such a way disgusted him.

He stared at his reflection in the bathroom and hated what he saw. Elle deserved the man she'd come to love in the hotel room, not the jaded other man who stood in his place, a man who would rather ruin his father than spend ten minutes alone in a room with him.

"Do not turn into that man," he said to himself. When he was with her, nothing else mattered. He knew he could live happily with her and never look at another woman again. Spending so much time in his social circle was making him think it was impossible. Elle made him feel like anything was possible.

"Go to her and be the man you want to be." Isaac got dressed in quick time. He left his apartment and drove straight to the hotel. When he got to the reception desk of the hotel, the man behind the counter smirked at him.

"Make sure she gets the key," he said. He paid for the room for the whole night. Before he left he wanted to feel her in his arms. Forty years old and she was the only woman to ever sleep all night in his bed.

When he got inside the room he stared at the bed for the longest time. He saw the two of them intertwined as they were last night, him holding her hands above her head as he drove into her cunt and took her cherry.

The sheets were fresh. He wished he had something of her so he could scent her while he waited.

Removing his clothes, he grabbed a robe, sat on the bed and waited for her.

Chapter Fifteen

Noelle was surprised when the desk clerk handed her a key. She went to pay him for the use of the room, but he shook the money away. Her day had been unproductive. She couldn't get the image of what they'd done out of her head. The whole situation was distracting her, and she needed to earn some money.

When she got to the hotel room, she opened the door and was pulled inside. Isaac closed the door and pressed her up against it. He slammed his lips down on hers before she could protest. Neither spoke or had the time to speak as he was clawing at her. She felt the desperation within him. Instead of being scared she rejoiced in the need he felt. Heat pooled between her legs, her cream leaking into her panties as the rapture he created within her took hold.

Isaac pulled the sash of her coat apart pushing it from her shoulders. When the coat fell to the floor, he gripped the bottom of her dress and pulled it up and over her head. She stood in her bra and panties. The bra had a front clasp. Pressing kisses against her mouth, he flicked the front of her clasp. Her br**sts spilled into his waiting hands.

She moaned as he kissed down her neck and to her ni**les. His hands tore at the fabric of her panties. She felt them pull against her butt seconds before the sound of tearing. Without any waiting, he lifted her up in his arms, her back pressed against the door. He opened her legs forcing her to wrap them around his waist.

Isaac ran his fingers through her slit, released a growl and then sank his hard shaft inside her.

Noelle cried out from the sudden invasion of his cock. He was thicker from the angle as he pinned her against the door.

He bit her ni**les as he thrust his c**k inside her cunt. Both of his hands held her ass as she was repeatedly pushed against the door. She heard someone walk past and knock on the door. Isaac didn't stop. He kept up his rhythm. All she could do was hold on as he f**ked her without any words. Her ni**les were tender as he nipped them between his teeth. She cried out as the pleasure went straight to her clit.

Something was different about him. She sensed an extreme need within him as if he had no control over what he was doing.

He kissed her lips then sucked on her neck, his cry of pleasure and the kick of his c**k letting her know he'd come. She held onto him, afraid in case he dropped her.

"I'm sorry," he said.

"Why?"

"Because I didn't bring you pleasure. I wasn't thinking about you."

"It's okay to have selfish moments," she said running her fingers through his hair.

"I don't want to be selfish with you."

Licking her lips, she thought about what he meant. "We all deserve some time to ourselves, Isaac. Even you."

"In every aspect of my life I'm selfish. I get what I want and don't care about the consequences. With you, I want to be different. I want to be a better man."

He carried her over to the bed and wrapped her in his arms. Noelle was confused. He spent his entire life assisting women. As an escort he was paid to be there. She refused to bring up his working life. She didn't want it to get between them.

He caressed her body as she lay in his arms. She watched his hand move up and down her body. When he rested his palm on her stomach she took a deep breath trying to suck all of her stomach in.

"Don't do that. I love your body."

"I'm not skinny," she said.

"I know, and that is what makes you perfect."

She sensed something was wrong with him, and it made her uncomfortable that he wasn't telling her the problem. Noelle stopped his hand from moving by placing her own over his. "Tell me what is on your mind."

"I don't know what you mean," he said.

"Tell me, Isaac."

He pulled away, releasing a sigh while he did. She sat up on the bed taking a pillow to cover her nakedness.

"I've got to leave for a week or so, and I won't be able to make our visits," he said.

"Is it something I've done or said? I could take it back." She instantly thought he wanted to get away from her.

"Nothing you do could ever send me away." He cupped her cheek and stroked her scar. The touch which had made her nervous had turned into more of a comfort to her now. "I've got business to attend to. I'll call you when I get back."

She nodded her head, relieved his trip had nothing to do with her. "Do you need to leave tonight?"

"No. I'm spending the night here with you. You're not leaving me tonight," he said.

"Okay." She answered him even though it hadn't been a question but an order.

"Good." He pulled her closer and kissed her. She melted to him instantly, responding to the heat of his kiss. Isaac took control. He lay back against the pillows and brought her over his thighs. They kissed with her on top. Noelle felt his c**k thicken as she sat across from him, his seed leaking out of her pu**y onto his lap. She moaned. She hadn't thought about protection before. Could she have children? Putting the panic from her mind she took his lips. If Isaac wasn't concerned then she wouldn't let it bother her.

"I want you to take me like this with you on top," he said.

"I don't know if I can do that."

"Yes, you can. I want it." He helped to lift her off his lap as he gripped the base of his shaft. She looked down and watched as he slid the weeping tip through her juices. She hadn't found a release last time, but she was wet from his attention.

"Tilt your hips, and let me get my c**k inside you." Noelle did as he instructed and gasped as she slid down his length. From this position she felt as if he was in her stomach. The depth shocked her. She held onto his waist as he moved his hands to her hips. "I'm almost in. Just a little more."

"You're too big."

"You took all of me last night. I just feel bigger because you're on top. You're in control, Elle. Take me." He guided her down the last few inches. She cried out. "I'm in. Do you feel me in here?" He pressed a hand to her stomach above her pelvis. The press of his fingers intensified the feeling of him.

She stayed still, not moving to get herself used to being on top. From the position with her hands, he pressed her br**sts together. Isaac cupped her tits in his hands and thumbed her ni**les.

"Move when you're ready. I'm your slave."

Noelle liked the sound of that. Very slowly, she thrust her pelvis. He kicked inside her. Both of them cried out at their combined pleasure. Lifting up off him she moved back down on his shaft to get used to the feel of him. Isaac stared at her and waited for her.

"Come on, baby, take me. I'm yours."

She found a pace which started out slow. The bliss from his hands on her body and the pleasure she found from being on top and in control were more than she could stand. Flinging her head back she f**ked him.

"That's it. Take your pleasure. Use me," he said.

In his arms she felt like a woman. Nothing could take away the experience she had with him.

"Touch yourself," he said.

"You touch me."

She wanted his hands on her body.

"Are you ordering me?" he asked with a smile.

"You're my slave, and as my slave you'd do what I ask."

"Close your eyes."

Noelle closed her eyes as he touched her clit. She cried out, squeezing her pu**y around him. The tightness of her cunt wasn't lost on her.

"Fuck. Do that again."

She squeezed her pu**y and he fingered her clit. She watched him lick his fingers and move back to her pu**y.

Their pace sped up as the pleasure intensified.

"That's it. I'm going to come, baby. Take me harder. I'm not going to spunk inside you until you grip me and I feel your cream soaking my dick."

His naughty words held her captive. He flicked her clit, and she fell apart from his ministrations. With her cl**ax she drove harder down on his cock, the pleasure making her forget about the bit of pain from having him at such an exposed angle. His hands on her h*ps took over everything as he pounded her pu**y.

"Fuck," he growled. He kicked inside her, and she felt the pulse as jets of his cum shot into her pu**y. Biting her lip, she tried to keep the cry of pleasure.

"Let it go," he said.

She screamed, collapsing on top of him, their skin coated in a sheen of sweat. Isaac held her through the emotions. Tears blurred her vision. Never had she felt so close to anyone as in the moments of release with Isaac.

"That was amazing," she said.

"Thank you."

He held her to him as she gained her breath. She didn't want to move for fear it would break the connection between them, the connection far greater than the physical.

"I love you, Isaac." She whispered the words not sure if he could hear them. Last night she hadn't been sure. Spending the day she'd been able to come to terms with her thoughts and feelings. She knew without any doubt that Isaac owned her heart. What hurt her the most was she didn't know his last name.

Chapter Sixteen

Three days later

Isaac sat in the bar and watched the gorgeous blonde eyeing him up. She'd been eating him for a good hour during his dinner reservations with a potential client. He'd bagged the case and would be flying back home soon. Staying for the week was what he'd chosen to do to avoid meeting Noelle. Their last visit had turned into something more than two people f**king. She was starting to mean more to him, and he couldn't accept that.

Rubbing his chest, he drank the scotch down in one shot. Brad refused his phone calls, and Clark kept phoning him at every moment. He needed to have a clean break from Noelle. The words she'd whispered on their last night together kept playing inside his mind. She was twenty years younger than he and had her whole life ahead of her. She didn't need to be marred by his reputation.

He took a long drink of his scotch and waited for the blonde to make her move. They always assessed him before moving in. Glancing down at his watch he gave her less than five minutes to make her way over. Staring down at his glass, he signalled the barman for a refill. The moment the man had finished filling his glass, the blonde sat down in the opposite seat.

"Is this seat taken?" she asked with the same old lines.

"Not anymore," he said. Boredom hit him square between the eyes. He stared at her for several moments. Her face was perfectly made up without a single smudge or smear on her. She had blonde, straight hair, which emphasised her features and flawless skin. The gown she wore dipped down to the waist showing she wore no bra and revealing much of her br**sts. All he would need to do was reach out and slip his hand inside her dress to feel the weight of her tits.

Instead, he turned back to his drink, which held more appeal.

"You look lonely," she said.

"And I guess you want to help me with that?" Noelle wouldn't do anything like this. He knew that while he was away she would be counting the days until she next saw him. On the other hand, he was sitting in a bar considering taking a woman up to his room and f**king the life out of her to rid himself of the feelings Noelle evoked within him.

"You won't be disappointed."

"No? Then I guess I better finish my drink, and we should go on up to my room." He flung back the rest of his glass, swallowing it down in one large gulp. Isaac wanted the fire and burn to let him know he was alive. Pulling out his wallet, he passed the barman a load of bills and told him to keep the change. Grabbing the woman's hand, he led her over to the elevator.

People walked around the foyer, but when he and the woman got inside the cart no one was there. The moment the doors closed, Isaac pinned the nameless woman against the wall as he plundered her mouth. She raised her hands above her head pressing her chest against him. The thinness of her body was distracting him. He felt all of her bones and ribs. The body he touched wasn't Noelle. Pushing thoughts of her aside, he captured the woman's lips and kissed down to her neck. Her br**sts were small and didn't fill his hands, and the bones of her h*ps weren't turning him on. As quickly as his arousal had come the feel of her body was turning him off. The bell to say the elevator stopped came, and then the doors opened giving him the fresh air he needed. The scent of her perfume was making him feel nauseous.

They passed several couples, but he didn't stop to make small talk. He got to his room, pushed the key card in and pulled her into the room. Without talking, he pinned her against the wall and kissed her. Closing his eyes he tried to picture Noelle. If he had to think about her to get hard then that is what he would do. Pulling the dress down off her shoulders he filled his hands with the weight of her tits, which wasn't much.

"Slow down," she said.

"Shut up, and don't talk."

She moaned, which only grated on his nerves.

You shouldn't be doing this, Isaac.

Shaking his head he moved her to the bedroom. She removed the last of her clothes, and he saw she wasn't wearing any underwear. The moment he looked at her, a vision of Noelle pinned against the door entered his mind. She had worn panties, and the need to be inside her had consumed him.

Forcing her to the back of his mind, he took the stranger's lips once again, intent to lose himself in the f**k. She began unbuckling his belt and pulling down his trousers.

Don't think. Don't think. Don't think.

He watched her pull his trousers down and go for the waist band of his pants.

"I love you, Isaac." Noelle's face and beautiful smile came to him, the vision of the pain on her face as he took her virginity.

What are you doing, Isaac? You took her innocence, and now you're about to have useless sex with a woman you don't care about and whose name you don't know. You're just like your father.

She moved his boxers down an inch, and he placed his hands over hers.

"Stop," he said, pulling out of her hold. He walked to the opposite side of the room and ran his fingers through his hair.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"I can't do this."

"What do you mean? You're Isaac Welch. Of course you can do this."

The fact she knew his name didn't surprise him. Most women knew who he was before they checked him out.

He picked her dress off the floor. "I can't do this. I've got a girl waiting for me back home."

"She must be special if you don't want to get down and dirty with me," she said.

"I'm not going to answer that, and if any of this gets its way to the press I will ruin you." He turned his back while she finished dressing.

Glancing at his watch, he knew it would be morning where Noelle was. He waited for the woman to finish dressing, pulled a couple of notes from his wallet as he grabbed his trousers. He handed the bills to her.

"I'm not a whore," she said.

"I know. This is for a few drinks downstairs."

She took the money and left his hotel room. Rubbing a hand over his mouth, he swore several times. If he didn't get them under control his feelings for Noelle would threaten everything. He refused to feel anything and allow himself to be exposed to the kind of pain his mother had gone through.

He took his mobile phone to the kitchen and dialled her number.

"Hello," she said as she answered several moments later. She sounded distracted.

"Hi."

"Isaac?"

"The very same."

"It's so good to hear your voice. I miss you."

"I'm missing you, too." More than you could imagine.

"How is business?"

"Boring. I miss our nights together."

She giggled, and when he closed his eyes, he could see her smile.

"I'm going to back on Friday. Will you meet me at the hotel?" he asked. Plans began working in his mind.

"Of course. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else."

"Good."

"I love you, Isaac."

"I know. I'll see you on Friday. I just needed to hear your voice." Rubbing his eyes, he felt his stomach turn at what he was going to do to rid her from his mind.

"See you Friday. I'm sending kisses down the line." He chuckled despite himself.

"I'll kiss you when I see you."

"I can't wait."

They hung up, and Isaac made another quick call. If he couldn't have any other woman then Noelle was going to be his for the keeping.

****

Noelle smiled as she put her mobile down. She hoped he was okay. He sounded distracted. Glancing at the painting she was making, she felt herself blush. The image was of Isaac as he lay against the bedroom of the hotel. He was smiling. She hadn't bought herself round to painting the lower part of his body.

She heard Brad get up and went out to check on her friend. Making sure the door to her studio was closed she saw him buttering some toast.

"Hi," she said.

"Hello."

"We barely see each other at the moment. How have you been, Brad?"

"I'm fine. I'm not falling off the wagon if that's what you mean."

"Of course not. I just wanted to make sure you were okay," she said, switching the kettle on.

"How is the painting going?" he asked, and she noticed he avoided her question.

"Slowly."

"Let me know when you want me to set up a meeting. Just so you know I came by one of those collectors who would be interested in selling your work at a big exhibition. He's loved your work so far, and from what I've heard it is hard for artists to break into the world."

"I'm not ready for that."

"I know, but it gives you something to think about."

She smiled and poured him a cup of tea. He wore a short sleeved t-shirt, and she saw some of his old track marks. The doctor had said it would take time for the worst of the scars to heal. Seeing the evidence of the drug abuse made her feel like a lousy friend.

"I know. I'm going to change my shirt in a minute," Brad said as he covered his arms. "Don't worry about it. I'm just taken back a little. You've fought so hard for where you are today. I hope Ben sees the battle you've had. Maybe you could be open and honest with him about your past."

"He's got too much to deal with. Ben doesn't need to hear my sappy story." He sipped at his drink, and she knew it had to be burning him.

"I love you, Brad. Don't ever call your story sappy. You survived, and not many people can say that."

"I'm going to go to work."

"You can't," she said.

"What do you mean?" Brad stood on the opposite side of the kitchen counter.

"They phoned the other day and said they couldn't keep you on. Something about the way the markets were and everything."

When the call had come in, she'd been shocked to hear how quickly they could get rid of someone. She knew the lack of work wasn't what he needed right now. He needed to be able to fill his time with something.

"So, it's another handout from my dad again."

"Or not. I found this in the paper yesterday. I phoned and arranged an interview for you." She handed him the paper where she'd circled it.

"This is for a youth centre. What good would I be in a youth centre?" he asked.

"More than you think. Some of the kids today are dealing with a lot of crap. Go for the interview, and spend a couple of weeks and see how you feel. If you don't like it then go to your dad and ask for money."

She knew he would go to his dad if he had to, but he would prefer to make his own money.

"You're too good for me. You know that?"

"I know."

Noelle watched him walk to his room. She felt bad with how things have been between them. They'd met under extreme circumstances, and she would like to think they could survive everything.

Stretching her neck, she made herself some toast before going back into her studio. Having an exhibition would be a huge step. Unfortunately, she couldn't cope with all of that attention. So many people would be staring at her work. When Brad had people come to view her work in the apartment she stayed out of the way.

Letting people in was the hardest thing she'd ever done. Glancing at the clock, she picked up her paint brush and allowed the magic to work.

She heard Brad leave the apartment, and about two hours later, she heard someone knocking on the door.

At first she ignored the banging, but as the minutes passed whoever it was became more persistent.

Closing her eyes, she put her paint brush down and went to answer the door. A man with dark hair was on the other side.

Her hands shaking, Noelle opened the door. The right side of her face was covered, but she only peered round the side.

"Hi, Noelle. I'm looking for Bradley Welch," he said.

"He's not in at the moment. Can I take a message?" Noelle asked him.

"I can't believe it. He's not at his job either. I should have known he wouldn't stay on the straight and narrow."

Noelle frowned. "Wait, what? Brad is fine. He's at an interview today. The last company let him go." She opened the door fully. "Are you Ben?"

"Yes. I'm sorry. We haven't been properly introduced. I'm Ben Turner."

Noelle brushed her hair back. "I'm Noelle Evans, his friend." She noticed when Ben looked at the scars on her face. What surprised her was how he brushed over them as if they weren't there.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have jumped to conclusions."

"I think you should come in." Noelle opened the door and waited for Ben to walk in. "Do you want anything to drink?"

"Water would do fine."

She went into the kitchen. Ben followed her and stood at the counter.

"You can sit down. I don't bite or anything." Noelle handed him a drink and stood watching him. Ben was incredibly sexy and handsome, and she could see why Brad liked him.

"Why did you want to see Brad?" she asked.

"The last time we talked things didn't end well. They never seem to end well with him. I wanted to make sure he was okay."

"He's trying to fix the past, but unless you talk to him, Brad will remain in the dark. He should be at an interview now. You could stay until he comes back, but I imagine he'll come looking for you. He won't give up easily."

Ben nodded and smiled.

"He doesn't talk about you much," Ben said.

"I don't imagine he would. He's trying to deal with whatever happened in your past." Noelle sipped at her water.

"He won't let it go."

"Maybe you should wait for the right time to tell him?"

Ben nodded his head. "You're not going to ask about it?"

"Brad's and your business is not mine. You'll only work through your problems together. Besides, I've got my own problems to deal with."

They stood in silence. Ben looked deep in thought.

"Do you love him?" Noelle asked.

"What?"

"Do you love him? Love Brad?"

"I can't answer that. So much has changed since I saw him. I'm not going to discuss my feelings with you. It's nothing personal. And I've got a lot of crap to deal with." Noelle watched as Ben's eyes filled with tears.

"Everyone has problems. You'd be surprised at how hard he had to fight to get where he is today. The only person he would mention through the worst part of his rehabilitation was your name."

"He hasn't said I helped him through it."

"Give him a chance, Ben. He's changed now, and he'll be there for you. He wants a chance to make it right between you two.""

"Yes. I had noticed he is persistent. I kind of like seeing him around. Thanks for the water." Ben placed the glass on the counter. "It was nice to meet you, Noelle."

"Likewise, Ben." They shook hands before she saw him out.

Closing the door, she leaned against the wood, frowning. That had been the strangest meeting. Touching her face she wondered if her scar was even there.

Shrugging her shoulder she went back to her studio and started her painting, losing herself in the creative art. Friday couldn't come soon enough. Her thoughts kept straying to the man who'd captured her heart.

Chapter Seventeen

He stood in the hotel room on Friday night waiting for her arrive. Holding the keys inside his pocket made him wonder if he was making the right decision. For a week he'd been away from her, and in that week he'd organised to keep her as part of his life.

Was he a selfish bastard for wanting to keep her to himself? If it wasn't for Brad he would have taken her somewhere and spent all of his free time with her where no one could find them.

Glancing down at the time he knew it was only a matter of minutes until she was at the door. His hands were sweaty. What if she didn't like it? What if she said no?

Shutting out the thoughts he stood as he heard the key in the lock. Seconds later she opened the door and there she stood, the woman who'd become a vital part of him.

If she's so important to you, why haven't you told her he truth about who you are?

"Isaac." She said his name with a smile which lit up her whole face.

He went to her, wrapping his arms around her. She felt so good under his touch. Her beautiful lemon scent comforted him. In seconds his c**k was rock-hard, and all he wanted to do was f**k her and absorb her. If he could bottle her in a jar and keep her with him he would do it. The obsession he was feeling towards her was startling him.

Isaac kissed her. He'd been away from her for a week and felt like it had been longer since he last saw. She opened to him, accepting his kiss and the love he was showing her. The love he couldn't give her with words. He knew without a shadow of a doubt that he was in love with her, but he couldn't say the words.

"I've missed you," he said.

"I've missed you, too. I dreamt about you every night." She caressed his chest.

"That sounds promising." He ran his hands down her back to cup her ass.

"It wasn't as good as you."

He chuckled, taking her lips in another kiss. She tasted of lemon, a highly addictive flavour.

"Do you trust me?" he asked as he pulled back staring into her eyes.

"You know I do, Isaac. More than anyone in my life."

He took her hand and led her out to his car. She got in without question. Her trust of him touched him far more than anything else. Placing the seat belt around her, he shut the door before climbing into his own side. Starting up the engine, he pulled away from the hotel. He'd spent a great deal of time with estate agents to find the perfect loft space for her, which could combine into a studio. Also, he no longer wanted to meet her in a rundown hotel. She deserved the finer things in life, the finer things he could offer her.

The drive was a short one. Neither spoke as the tension between them rose. In no time, he parked in the secluded parking space. Isaac got out of the car, went round to her side, unbuckled her seat belt and helped her out of the car.

Taking her hand, he led the way to the elevator. Wrapping an arm around her waist he tapped his thigh, impatient to get her to his gift.

"Close your eyes," he said as the elevator stopped. Her eyes closed. He opened the door. With a hand on her arm, he led her out into the main part of the loft.

Going behind her, he leaned down, kissed her neck. "Open your eyes," he whispered against her ear.

Seconds later she gasped, her hand going to her mouth. Twirling the key on his finger, he watched her move around the short space. The skirt she wore tempted him to bend her over the sofa and take her hard and fast.

"What do you think?" he asked, leaning against the post.

"This is amazing. The light and space. How did you find this place? How can you afford this place?" She looked so happy.

"Do you like it?"

"Like it? I love it." She skipped over to him, the smile on her face brightening up her whole features.

"It's yours."

"What?"

"I want you to have it. This loft is yours whenever you need to get away. Also, I don't want to meet at that hotel anymore. I enjoy spending time with you." Elle wrapped her hands around his waist with a huge smile on her face.

"How can I take this gift?" she asked.

"Don't consider it a gift. Consider it our place to meet and be together." He handed her a set of her own keys. "These are for you. I want you to come here as much as you like. Let's go and check out the bedroom."

He moved through the large space to the bedroom located to the far side of the loft. During the time he was away, he'd gotten a designer to decorate and convert what he needed to make it liveable. He had a weekend off. He wanted to convince her to spend the time with him. Brad would have to deal with being on his own. As far as his brother knew, she was seeing someone else.

Opening the doors, he laughed when she squealed. In the centre of the room, a large round bed with white silk sheets dominated the room. The view would overlook the sunset every night. What she hadn't seen was the large mirror above the bed and the several he had round the room. He wanted to see himself making love to her from every angle. He didn't want any part of her to be in the dark from him. The furniture was a dark red wood, which complimented the white sheets and the plain cream of the walls. Isaac made a note to give the designer a bonus. She deserved the extra money for her success.

Unbuttoning his jacket, he threw it on the available chair.

"This is amazing. I don't know what to say."

"Take your clothes off."

"What?" She turned to him.

Isaac pulled his shirt out of his pants and over his head.

"Take your clothes off. I want to see you naked, spread out on the bed."

She hesitated, her gaze going between the bed and him. He wouldn't take any more clothes off until she was naked. She removed her coat first and threw it at him. He caught it and placed it next to his on the chair. Next she pulled off her blouse, her actions jerky. The zipper to her skirt was at the side, and she pulled it down. The sound echoed around the room and made his c**k kick in response. He adjusted himself watching the skirt pool at her feet.

She stood in a pair of pale pink panties and lacy bra.

"All of them. I want to see your tits hanging free." She reached behind her and removed the bra. Her large br**sts fell naturally, large ni**les poking out showing him her aroused state. Her panties slid down her large h*ps to the floor. She was round, warm, and everything he wanted to sink in to.

Unbuckling his belt, he pushed his pants down. Isaac winced at the pain from the constriction around his cock. The moment his pants were discarded, his length stood out in one long line.

"Come here," he said.

She moved toward him, her h*ps swinging. She looked like his goddess. He loved the new confidence she seemed to possess. She stopped in front of him, not touching but close enough to be able to scent each other.

Isaac cupped her hip and bought her close to him. The smoothness of her skin drove him crazy. There was nothing about her he didn't like.

"I want you," she said.

"I want you, too."

Her hands held his arms in place as she touched him. He moved down to her ass and moved her the last few inches closer to him.

"I want you to paint for me," he said.

"Why?"

"Because I want to see you with the passion I know you have."

"I'll paint for you," she said.

"Good. Do you feel how hard I am?" he asked.

She nodded her head.

"I've been thinking about taking you with you on your knees. Will you do that for me, Elle? Will you go on your knees while I f**k you?"

"Yes," she said with a gasp.

"Go and kneel on the bed."

He knew she would see the mirrors the moment she knelt on the bed. She tensed and turned to stare at him.

"Why do you have so many mirrors?" she asked. He noted how she tried not to stare at her reflection.

"Before I take you, I want you to come here." Isaac had an idea, and he hoped it worked the way he wanted to.

She was shaking. He saw how nervous she was.

"Come on, baby. Trust me." In slow step she was at his side. He walked the small distance until they stood in front of the closest mirror.

Isaac watched her close her eyes. "Open your eyes." He covered the right side of her face.

Slowly, she opened them up. "I want you to trust me. You're under some horrible assumption that you look like a monster."

"I've spent many years seeing it, Isaac. I don't need to know how bad I look."

"I think you do because you're in for a big surprise. Trust me, Elle." She bit her lip and nodded her head.

He eased the hair off the right side of her face. The scars which he could only imagine had once been red and vicious looking, were now faded. If you stood closely, you could see the outline, but they were not disgusting or frightening to stare at.

"I don't understand," she said, her hand touching the mark. "I know my sight isn't perfect, but I see what other people see when they look at me."

"No. You don't. Some people will react like ass**les, but you're beautiful, Elle. More beautiful than you even realise."

He gave her time to look in the mirror, smiling as he saw the amazement on her face. She really had thought she was some kind of ogre.

"Go and get on the bed. I want to f**k you."

She nodded her head and knelt on the bed. He fisted his shaft at seeing her in such a submissive pose. Her tits hung down, and he wanted to suck on those large ni**les.

Her body was round, full, and utterly f**kable. Isaac grabbed her ass and opened her pale cheeks. He saw how wet her pu**y was. Her cream soaked the tops of her thighs. Pushing two fingers inside her cunt, he moaned at her tight wetness.

"Do you want me?" he asked.

"Yes." She moaned as he turned his fingers and stroked her g-spot. Elle pushed back onto his hand, f**king his fingers inside her pu**y.

He pulled out and gripped his c**k at the base. Running the weeping head along her slit, he gathered her wetness before slotting the head inside her entrance. With only the tip of himself inside her, he was ready to explode. The burning need to finally claim her as his own was intensifying with every passing minute.

"How does it feel?" he asked.

"Good. Please, Isaac. Take me."

He slammed inside her in one smooth, hard thrust. She cried out as he pulled out and pressed back in. He didn't give her time to catch her breath. Isaac couldn't control himself. The need to f**k her hard was too intense for him to control. He slammed inside her over and over and over again, holding onto her h*ps as he pushed every inch of himself inside her tight heat.

Staring in the mirror over the bed, he saw her eyes closed. Her fists gripped the sheet under her, and her gorgeous tits bounced with every thrust of his hips. Smiling in satisfaction, he looked up at the mirror above the bed. From the angle he could see his c**k disappear inside her body. And when he looked in front of him, he watched his soaking wet c**k sinking into her cunt. She was snug, hot, and everything he wanted.

He wanted to feel her coming around his cock. Fingering her clit, he felt the flutters begin in her pu**y. Each flick of her cl*t sent her tighter around him. The ripples made him growl, holding back his own cl**ax until she came. Isaac needed her to come.

Swivelling his hips, rubbing along every part of her pu**y he strummed her bud.

"Let go, baby. Give it to me. I want to hear you scream."

She came apart, her screams echoing off all the walls and creating the most wonderful sound he heard. Before she had time to come down from her high, he pounded inside her sending her over the edge of another orgasm.

His grip on her h*ps tightened as his cl**ax hit him. He thrust inside her, bumping her cervix as his cum shot into her channel. A growl escaped him as he was forced over the edge. Before he could contain what he was doing, he slapped her ass as the pleasure intensified.

After several minutes had passed, which felt like an eternity to him, he pulled out of her pu**y.

His cum slid out of her. Staring at the sight made his c**k jump back to attention. He knew he should be scared about pregnancy, but seeing his cum inside her gave him a sense of calm. If anything happened she would be his for the rest of their lives. Shaking his head, he walked to the bathroom and grabbed a towel. He cleaned her up, conscious of her silence.

Taking the towel back to the bathroom, when he walked back into the room, she lay on the bed staring at the mirror above the bed.

Isaac climbed between the sheets and stared at her. The mirror wasn't there for moments like these. They were there for when they were having sex. When she was in his arms, he wanted to look at her face.

"What's the matter, Elle?" he asked.

She didn't turn to look at him.

"Nothing."

"I know something is going on inside that head of yours. Tell me."

"Why did you hit me?"

He knew the smack would have upset her. He should have tried to gain more control over himself.

"I was too far gone. I'm really sorry."

"So it wasn't meant to hurt me?"

"Never. I wouldn't dream of hurting you."

There was a pause before she responded. "You didn't hurt me," she said. Isaac cupped her cheek and forced her to look at him.

"Did you like it?" he asked.

She tried to pull away, but he held her steady. "Don't hide from me, Elle. Tell me the truth. Did you like it?"

"Yes," she said and opened her eyes.

He leaned over and kissed her. Staring into her eyes, Isaac knew he was where he was supposed to be.

Chapter Eighteen

He wrapped his arms around her waist. Her na**d back pressed against his front. His c**k lengthened at the feel of her smooth skin. He wanted to be inside her again. Isaac stared down the front of her body, kissing her neck and shoulder.

"I can never think when you do that," she said.

He'd bought this studio for them to be together. When he was with her he didn't have to be Isaac Welch. He could be Isaac, with Elle being his only care in the world.

"I don't like the thought of you being able to think." He kissed her neck as he moved his hands up to cup her large br**sts. Staring over her shoulder, he felt the weight of them in his hands and was amazed by how much they filled him.

"I wish we could stay here forever."

He rolled her ni**les between his thumb and finger. "You're so responsive."

"You know how to bring out a response. I love what you do to me, Isaac. I never want this feeling to end."

"Then don't let it. The happiest part of my day is meeting you." He sat her down in his lap, his c**k pushed to one side out of the way. Her ass was so tempting and inviting. "Stay with me this weekend?" he asked.

"What?"

"Stay with me here. Paint for me, and I'll give you the best weekend of your life," he said.

"Do you promise?"

"I will make everyone of your dreams come true." To help convince her, he pressed a hand between her thighs. Her molten heat threatened to burn his hand off.

"You're not playing fair," she said.

"I don't play fair to get what I want." He fingered her clit, making her arch into his touch.

"Yes. I'll spend the weekend with you."

"That's my girl."

He moved his hand away from her pu**y, grabbed her chin, tilted her head against his shoulder and kissed her lips.

Isaac rubbed his nose on hers and smiled when she giggled.

"You're turning into a true romantic, Mr. Isaac."

"Because I have a reason to, Elle." He held her in his arms and stared out at the mirror seeing her reflection. The red hair was out of place with such pale skin. He looked way too old to have such a beautiful woman in his arms.

"What are you thinking?" she asked.

"That I'm a bastard for keeping you to myself."

"I like being with you. I wouldn't be anywhere else than in your arms."

He felt reassured by her words. Glancing toward the window he saw darkness was well and truly upon them. Isaac was shocked when her small hands reached between them and began stroking his cock.

"What are you doing?" he asked, holding her tight as the rapture from her touch consumed him.

"Playing."

Isaac growled as she worked him. The inexperience of her touch made him lose control. He shouldn't be responding to her touch so easily.

"Teach me what you like, Isaac."

She would send him to hell, and he'd be more than happy to go wherever she wanted to send him.

"God help me. I've unleashed a vixen," he said as she turned in his arms.

"Tell me, Isaac. What makes you hot?" She kissed his lips, her tongue going inside and meeting his. He didn't know what had come over her, but he wasn't going to complain. Isaac relaxed and allowed her to take over. If she wanted the reins he would be more than happy to be in her hands.

Pulling off his shaft, she wrapped her arms around his neck, smashing her tits on his chest. He felt the pebble ni**les graze and poke his chest. Thumbing the tips, he watched her fling her head back and moan from his touch.

"That's it. Let me hear you scream."

She pulled away from him. "No. This is about you getting pleasure."

Kissing his lips, she worked down to his neck and chest. Isaac watched as she circled his ni**les with her tongue before biting down. He yelped and fought between pushing her away and holding her closer.

"Fuck, Elle." His ni**les had never been so sensitive before. She worked down his body until she grabbed his c**k and engulfed him in her mouth. "Fucking hell. Elle, you don't have to do that, honey."

She came off his dick. "I want to."

"Why? A lot of women hate giving head."

"Let's just say I was checking out some naughty sites while you left me for a week." She gave him a wink.

He lay back as she began sucking on his cock. Running a hand over his face, he didn't know how he was going to survive her mouth, let alone a weekend of having her all to himself.

****

Noelle held in a chuckle as he closed his eyes. He looked in pain, but every now and again she felt him jerk inside her mouth. She'd been thinking about sucking his c**k ever since she'd been looking at some naughty sites. Between bed and wanting to see him they'd satisfied her curiosity. He'd licked her pu**y. She wanted to know what it felt like to do the same to him.

He was soft with his salty-sweet essence leaking on her tongue. The contrast between his soft skin and hardness surprised her. He felt powerful as she sucked him in her lips. When she grew a bit more confident she pulled him further into her mouth, taking him deeper.

"Use your hand," he said. Glancing up his body, he showed her where to hold him to bring him maximum pleasure. She circled his length at the base and brought her hand up to meet her mouth as she went down on him. "That's it, baby." He held her head in his hand as he showed her the pace that he liked.

She moaned from her enjoyment of having him at her mercy. It was with some relief that she saw she could drive him over the edge like he did her. She suddenly held some of the power within their relationship.

Closing her eyes, she gave herself over to what she was doing. He grew harder in her mouth as she swallowed him down, the grip in her hair tightening as she sped up the rhythm.

"Fuck, Elle. If you don't stop I'm going to shoot my load in your mouth. Baby, if you don't want that then you'd better stop."

Noelle knew what he meant but kept on sucking and licking his cock. She wanted to give him this. If it was the only thing she could do, she wanted to do it right.

Isaac roared as his c**k kicked inside her mouth. She felt the heat of his explosion. With no time to think she swallowed down the copious amounts of his cum. He tasted salty. His hold grew tighter in her hair with the pressure of his fist.

When his grip on her eased, she pulled off him. Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand she smiled at him.

"You're a goddess."

"I guess you liked what I did?"

He pulled her roughly against him and slammed his lips down on hers. "I'm never letting you go. You're amazing."

She chuckled, loving his attention until her belly grumbled alerting them to the lack of nutrition.

"I've been a bad host. My lady is hungry."

"I can wait for food."

"And let you starve on me? No. I want you fit and well as you're going to be working most of it off." Isaac got off the bed and slapped her ass. "You should phone your friend. Let him know where you'll be so he won't worry."

Rubbing her ass, she glared at him.

"Don't use those little eyes on me. I know what you're capable of." He pulled her into his arms and kissed her. "And I like it."

She couldn't be angry with him. She loved the way he teased her. Watching his ass as he left the room, she rummaged through her clothes to find her mobile. There were no missed calls.

He answered on the first ring when she phoned the house.

"Hi, Brad. How did the interview go?" she asked.

"Really well. They'll let me know soon if I got the job."

"That's really great."

"Yes. Anything that means I don't have to go and ask my dad for a handout is brilliant news in my book. Where are you? It's getting late."

"I don't want you to freak out, but I'm going to be away for the whole of the weekend. Please, don't ask questions. Just know I'm fine and healthy, and I'm happy."

Brad was silent on the line.

"I know what you're thinking," she said.

"No, you don't. I don't like this, Noelle."

"You don't have to like it. I do, and I want to be here. Please, give me this weekend."

He was silent once again.

"All right, but if anything happens just give me a call, and I'll be wherever you are in a flash."

"I will. I promise. Have you had time to speak to Jenny?" she asked trying to divert the conversation.

"No. We're talking, but not about anything other than the weather and work at the cafe. I'll see how it goes. Take care, Noelle."

"You, too." She hung up and stared at her mobile wondering what was on his mind.

Isaac walked back into the bedroom carrying a tray of food.

"Everything okay?" he asked.

"I think so. He's going through a hard time at the moment."

"What's the matter?"

"He lost his job, and he doesn't want to ask his dad for a handout. Have you ever heard of the Welch family?"

He shrugged his shoulders with his back to her.

"They're supposed to be this important family, but he can't stand them. He's just recently got in touch with his brother. He doesn't talk about him though. Sorry. You really don't want to know this."

"No worries. Everyone needs someone to talk to. Even you." He placed the tray on the side cupboard and helped her onto the bed. "Time to eat." She loved his heat as he got in beside her.

They were both still naked.

"What do you have on that tray of goodies?" she asked.

"I've got fresh fruit, cheese, bread, and of course some cheesy chips." He picked up a strawberry and held it out for her to bite.

She sank her teeth into the fresh fruit. Droplets of juice dripped down onto her breast.

"A man's got to do what a man's got to do," he said and then licked every last droplet of juice from her chest.

Chapter Nineteen

The following morning, they lay in each other's arms and watched the sun come up. Noelle felt like a real woman with a man in her bed. The love she had for Isaac was growing with every second she spent with him.

"This is so beautiful," she said.

"Not as beautiful as you."

For thirty minutes they lay in the peace and quiet of a Saturday morning asthe city began to wake up.

"I could watch this forever," she said. The bright oranges and reds chased away the dark black of the night.

"Would you like to remain with me forever?"

She froze and turned to look at him. "What are you trying to say?"

"I enjoy being with you, Elle. I could see you as being part of my life for the rest of my life."

"What about your other women? The female clients you see?" She bit her lip as the stab of jealousy coursed through her. The thought of another woman touching him left a bitter taste in her mouth.

"There is no other woman and never will be. I want you and you alone, Elle."

"Do you promise?"

"With my whole heart." He hadn't said the three words she wanted to hear.

"I love you, Isaac."

He kissed her lips. Disappointed at his lack of response, she kissed him back. She wanted to hear the words come from his lips. Instead he silenced her with his own kisses.

"I'm going to take a shower. Why don't you put some coffee on?" He got out of bed and left her.

"Great. I get to play maid."

She grabbed a robe and made her way into the kitchen. Setting up the percolator, she found a bag of fresh coffee beans. With the scent of fresh brewed coffee wafting through the air, she went and took a tour around the studio area of the loft.

A fresh canvas was on the easel, and in a fit of inspiration, she found the paints and began mixing and getting everything ready. The creative muse held her captive as she put the brush to the board. She was conscious of Isaac moving around behind her. Ignoring his presence she continued to paint the scene before her eye. She didn't need to look out of the window. She'd been watching it for thirty minutes, and she was able to capture every detail of the beauty before her.

He placed a cup of coffee by her work station. She ignored the drink and continued working. The open space was helping her. No longer being trapped inside a room in which she kept cut off from everyone allowed her the time and space to open up. She also felt that having Isaac near her, helped in her quest.

Finally, she pulled out of her trance and took a step back. Picking up her coffee, she took a sip and winced. It was cold and nasty-tasting.

"That was amazing," Isaac said from the corner of the room.

She blushed, pushing a strand of hair behind her ear.

"What was?"

"Watching you paint. It was like you weren't there but possessed by someone else. It's beautiful as well. Could I keep it?" He got up from his chair, walking to her side.

Staring at the painting of the sunrise she'd witnessed she felt pride with how perfectly she'd captured it.

"Yes. It is yours."

"How much do you want for it? I can pay."

"Nothing. You can have it for free." She kissed him on the lips feeling a great wave of peace come over her.

"You must be hungry. It is almost lunch time."

Her tummy rumbled, which made them both burst out laughing. She followed him through to the kitchen. He began making her some eggs and bacon. She sat drinking coffee, enjoying the view of his ass.

"You're spoiling me," she said.

"You deserve to be spoilt." He handed her over a plate filled with food. Buttering some bread she dove into the meal he'd produced with relish. He sat opposite her with a bigger plate full of food.

"I love watching you eat. It's nice to see a woman appreciating her food."

Noelle shrugged off his comments. She was too hungry to be offended.

****

Isaac spent the rest of the day watching her paint. He loved seeing the passion rising within her. Also, while she wore his shirt, he could see her ass peeking out every time she bent over.

He kept the coffee supplied and simply watched her. Never before had he felt so calm to be on the outside looking in on a person's journey. She looked totally different. The scar on her face was only a minimal part of who she was as a woman. He felt happy knowing he'd helped be part of her getting over her scar. Noelle Evans was his scarred beauty. A woman with substance who he could imagine spending the rest of his life with. The loft had been a brilliant idea, one of the best he'd ever had.

When the sun went down, he switched on the light. She placed the paintbrush down, giving him the perfect time to embrace her.

"Sorry, I haven't been the best company today," she said.

"No. The day has been perfect. You really love to paint."

"Yes."

He stared at the work on the two canvases she'd done. There was a charming sense of inexperience in the way she held the brush, which could only draw people in. Through her paintings the viewer went on a journey. He saw the catch of her work and knew she'd be a huge success if she ever wanted to expand her artistic venture.

"You can make it up to me now," he said as he led her through to the bedroom. He'd made the bed, but he wanted to see it ruffled again.

Isaac stripped the shirt from her body until she stood na**d before him. He removed the clothes he'd put on to observe her. Taking her in his arms, he kissed her, running his hands all over body. She was so responsive to his touch.

Pushing her down on the bed, Isaac stared at the tight ring of her ass. He wanted to claim her in every hole. Would she let him take her ass?

He was about to find out. Pulling the tube of lubrication out of the drawer, he coated a good amount on his hands. He wanted her to enjoy what he was about to do.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm going to make you feel good."

He fingered her cl*t as he rubbed his wet finger over the pucker of her ass. She moaned, and he kept up the touch on her nub. Using his middle finger, he pressed against her ass**le and felt her immediately stiffen and move off him.

"What are you doing?"

"I want you, Elle."

"But you can't go there. That's ... wrong."

Isaac chuckled.

"Baby, it's not wrong. I swear you'll love it."

"And if I don't?"

"Then, I'll stop and won't do it again. I promise."

She nodded her head and went back on her knees. He saw how tense she was and knew he would have to go easy for her to enjoy it.

Pressing his fingers against her clit, he began to press a finger on the tight ring of muscles.

"Relax, baby. I won't hurt you."

"You're trying to shove your finger in an out hole, Isaac. How can I relax?"

He smiled and knew he would have her screaming for more by the night was done. Pushing two fingers inside her dripping cunt, he pushed his finger past her muscles. Her ass gripped him. The heat burned him. She was tight and snug, and he wanted his c**k inside her.

She moaned as she began to press back on his finger.

"Do you like it?"

"No."

"I think my woman is lying."

He added a second finger, watching as her ass opened up to take him. Her cream was leaking all over the place. Elle had a kinky side, which he liked.

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No," she screamed. He smiled and bought her to an earth-shattering cl**ax. Smearing more lubrication on his cock, he pressed the head against her ass.

"Yes," she said with a moan.

"Hold still. I don't want to hurt you."

****

Noelle moaned as his c**k pushed past her muscles and into her ass. She couldn't believe what was happening. When he'd tried to put his finger inside her, she'd been frightened. That fear had quickly turned to intense pleasure as the small burn of pain seemed to radiate through her body. Her cl*t pulsed, and before she could stop herself she was screaming for him to go deeper.

Biting her lip, she tried to relax her body as his c**k pushed inside her ass. She felt stretched as he eased inside her.

"I'm almost inside you, baby. You feel so f**king hot."

She pressed her head against the blankets as he pushed in the last few inches.

"Stop, please."

"I'm in, baby. You've got all of my c**k in that tight ass."

She couldn't believe how turned on she was. He stretched her completely and made her feel so full. Moaning, she squeezed every part of her as he began to slowly pull out of her.

"No," she protested, only to cry out as he moved back inside.

The way he thrust inside her, slow and deep, made her weep with gratitude. If he was to pound inside her, she didn't think she would be able to cope.

"Do you feel all of me inside your hot ass?"

"Yes."

He slapped her ass making her yelp and push back onto his hard cock.

"Tell me what you want?" he said.

"I want you to f**k me."

"Where do you want me to f**k you?"

She bit her lip. Saying the words would make what she was doing more real, and she couldn't do it.

He slapped her ass. "Say the words, Elle. Tell me what I'm doing to you."

"You're f**king me," she said.

Another slap landed on her ass. She hated the way it made her hotter for him. The burn went straight to her clit.

"You're f**king my ass," she screamed.

He f**ked her, strumming her cl*t as he took her ass.

"Look at us, Elle. Watch as I f**k this ass and make it mine."

She lifted her head and saw their reflection in every mirror she looked. The intensity of his gaze made it hard for her to breathe. Something far deeper than f**king was occurring as he stared at her.

"I'm inside you," he said.

The pleasure increased as he fingered her nub, pushing her over the edge of oblivion. Without thinking she began to f**k her ass back onto his cock, forcing him to go faster. Isaac held her with his hands at her waist as he f**ked her.

Nothing else mattered to her.

"Fuck, such a tight little ass."

He thrust inside her two more times and growled as he came, slapping her ass three times. She felt him jerk inside her as he came. His c**k grew thicker with every pulse of his thick sperm.

She collapsed on the bed. The only sound she could hear was the sound of their deep breathing. Isaac pulled out of her ass and picked her up in his arms. He stood her upright as he ran a bath, the lemony bath fragrance permeating the air as he filled the tub. She watched him as the turmoil of what happened built inside her.

He carried her over to the tub and settled her inside the hot water.

The hot water felt great as her muscles were protesting from the treatment.

"How are you feeling?" he asked.

"Scared. Worried. I've never done anything like that," she said. She figured being honest was the best course of action.

"There is nothing to be frightened of. I care about you, Elle, and I would never do anything to you that you won't enjoy."

Feeling a little better, she settled down and let him wash her body. All of her rioting thoughts could go to hell. She was in Isaac's arms, and she was happy.

Chapter Twenty

After their hot bath, they lay in the bed in each other's arms.

"Elle?"

"Yes." She looked up at him. He was staring at her hair, his hand filled with her dark red locks.

"I know this isn't your normal colour. Why do you dye it?"

"Because I got tired of men checking me out because of my hair. I'm not shallow, but it would seem blonde usually meant guys wanted to check you out. When I turned around they would freak out and pretend to be looking elsewhere. That's why I dye it."

"What colours have you used before?"

"I've done black, and when I first began dyeing my hair I turned it blue for Halloween. Brad hates it when I do it."

"He sounds like my kind of guy," Isaac said.

"Don't you like my hair?" she asked.

"Elle, I love your hair, but I want to see your real colour, especially seeing as the hair around your pu**y is a lovely shade of blonde." He put his hand between her thighs, making her gasp.

"How do you do that?"

"What?"

"Make me stop thinking?" she asked.

"You're easy to please."

She slapped his chest and giggled as he tickled her belly.

"Stop it. Stop it."

"I'll stop if you agree to wash it out," he said.

"What?" It was her turn to ask the questions.

"I bought this the other day. I want to see you with your proper hair colour." He reached over to one of his drawers and pulled out the hair rinse which came with the hair dye. You could either rinse it out gradually or use the conditioner which came with it to rinse it out immediately.

Taking the box from his hands she stared at the instructions before turning back to him.

"I want to see the real you, Elle, without the fake hair."

Tears filled her eyes at the big step he was asking for. Biting her lip, she weighed up her options. There was no way she could deny him, but could she be her natural self around him?

Getting up from the bed, she took his hand and walked into the bathroom.

Setting up the lotion didn't take long. She was so nervous in case he didn't like her with her natural hair colour.

Neither talked as they worked in the bathroom. Isaac helped soap her hair and rinse the dark red dye out of it. The process seemed to take forever. Noelle watched the colour disappearing down the sink, each wave of water getting lighter and lighter until the water out of her hair ran clear.

"Could you give me a moment? I'll dry my hair and come out in a minute."

Isaac cupped her cheek. "Don't keep me waiting too long."

She nodded and watched him leave the room. Taking a deep breath, she began drying her hair. Staring at her reflection in the mirror she saw past the scar on her face to see the woman within her. The blonde hair was different. After having the red hair for a few weeks she'd gotten used to the garish colour. When every inch of her hair was dry, she placed the dryer on the counter.

There was a full length mirror on the wall opposite.

Turning round, she stared at her reflection with her blonde hair and removed her robe. For the first time in over ten years, she looked at her full body in the mirror. The scars that she'd held in so much regard over the years had faded. Her body was her own. Wrapping her arms over her br**sts, she let the tears of freedom fall. Isaac had done more than make her fall in love with him. He'd given her a chance to live again.

Putting the robe back on, she walked out of the bathroom, into the bedroom. She frowned when she saw what Isaac had done.

The easel was in front of the sofa. He'd arranged it so she could sit and paint near a mirror.

"You look gorgeous. Your blonde hair is a much better colour for your beauty." He cupped her cheek, kissing her.

"What is all this?" she asked.

"I thought you could paint a portrait of yourself."

"I don't know."

"Please. For me."

She looked at him and saw the earnest way he stared back at her. Biting her lip, she moved over to the set up of her apparatus. He'd bought some pencils for her to sketch with, and as she sat down, she noticed the angle was perfectly aligned with the mirrors for her to see at all angles.

Her palms were sweaty as she picked up her pencil. She hesitated a few times before she put the lead to the paper. Soon, she was so absorbed in what she was doing, that she didn't see what Isaac was planning.

"Lift up, baby," he said.

Noelle looked at him and blushed when she saw him naked. She did as he asked and gasped as he lifted the robe out of the way and pressed himself inside her wet cunt.

Isaac made love to her as she finished off her portrait. How she managed to concentrate on the sketch was beyond her. When she finished, even though she hated it, she knew she would never change it. The conflicting emotions on her face were drawn perfectly. To distract her, Isaac made love to her for the remainder of the night way into Sunday morning.

****

On their last night together, Isaac took her out to a French restaurant. She was surprised by the amount of attention he got. The maitre d' and the waiters practically fell over themselves to attend to his needs. She found the whole experience strange. Isaac didn't seem to notice of the other customers. Several people stopped by the table, and Isaac said hello and then dismissed them.

"You know a lot of people," she said.

"A lot of people think they know me."

Noelle found everything about their meal strange but overall thought her first experience on a date extremely appealing. Isaac was attentive, and as it was their last night it was the perfect end to the best weekend of her life.

Chapter Twenty-One

All too soon, their weekend was over, and Noelle stood in her apartment. Brad was gone for the day, and he'd left her a brief note that they needed groceries. Checking the cupboards, Noelle made a list and decided to face her final fear.

She grabbed her keys and walked out onto the busy street. Tucking her hair behind her ear, she walked in the direction of the shopping centre close by.

Most people were so busy in their own Monday life that they didn't pay attention to her.

When she walked into the shop, she grabbed a shopping trolley and began filling it with fresh fruit and vegetables. Her hands stopped shaking as she travelled around the supermarket. A few whispers happened, but she brushed them aside. She had no control over what had happened to her as a child, and she would no longer be held in its grips because people couldn't handle her imperfection.

She rounded a corner and stopped as she bumped into a handsome man.

"Sorry," she said.

"No. It was all my fault. I wasn't looking where I was going."

"Well, no harm done." Noelle went to move away, but he stopped her with a hand on her arm.

"Aren't you in the papers?" he asked.

Shaking her head, she pulled out of his grip.

"I'm sure it's you."

"No. I've never been in the papers, and I don't expect to start now. Sorry, you must have me mistaken with someone else." She passed him and went to the deli section. The encounter had her nerves frayed. When her phone buzzed it provided the welcome distraction that she needed.

"Meet tonight at the hotel. Usual time. I x"

She smiled and responded, agreeing to meet him. Finishing her shopping was a painless process.

When she got home, she unpacked all of her work and went to check out her studio. Pulling open the blinds, she let the winter's sun penetrate inside the room. She felt like a new woman, so happy and relaxed in the life she'd made for herself.

Running her fingers through her blonde locks, she began organising her art-work, putting the finished pieces into a pile while she collected her half finished work. As the day progressed she became more and more anxious to see Isaac. Her body was burning to feel his touch. Brad didn't return home when she was scheduled to leave. She decided to leave him a note about the food and her date.

She put on a floral pink dress, a coat, scarf, and hat to protect against the cold, not to hide.

When she pulled up outside the hotel, she paid the man his fee and walked inside the reception desk. The man on duty gave her a funny look as he handed her the key. Not thinking much to his behaviour she made her way to the room Isaac and she shared.

The moment she got to the door she noted it was partially open, and she heard voices coming from the room. Getting closer she listened to the raised angry voices. Her heart pounded as she recognised both of the men inside the room.

"I told you to end it on the one night, Isaac. You're stringing her along as if she's one of your notches."

"Don't f**king talk about her that way."

Noelle stared at the two men in the hotel room she reserved for herself and Isaac. Neither turned her way, which told her she'd entered the room too quietly for them to hear.

"You weren't supposed to start an affair with her. You were supposed to let her down lightly or tell her something to keep her at bay. Do you have any idea how dangerous this is?" Brad asked.

"She's not your business, Brad. I want her as my own. I care about her."

"She's a f**king trophy piece to you. I bet she looks upon you with worship. I asked you to care for her. Why didn't you listen to me when I asked?"

"Elle wants to be with me, and I want to be with her. I don't see where you have a problem with that."

"That's exactly what my problem is. What will you do when she wants more from you? Can you give her that kind of commitment? She's scarred, Isaac. She would never fit into that perfect world you live in. End it now, or risk destroying her."

Noelle had heard enough.

"I think it's time you both told me what is going on. I seem to be missing something," she said causing both men to start and turn to face her.

She'd wrapped her blonde hair back off her face. She wished she'd kept it down. The protection it provided would be welcome. They glanced at each other before turning back to her.

"What are you doing here?" Brad asked.

"I got a message to come to the hotel room from Isaac. He's here, and so are you. And you both seem to know each other. What is going on?" She sounded calm even as her mind was whirling at a mile a minute trying to figure out what was going on.

"This is not what it looks like," Brad said.

"No? Then please tell me how my best friend and an escort would know each other. Or are you really an escort, Isaac?" she asked. Her hands were shaking. She placed them inside her jacket, her nerves getting more frayed with every passing minute.

"We've got to tell her the truth," Isaac said. "I'm not really an escort."

"Then what are you?"

Silence met her question. Her nails sank into the palm of her hand.

"He's my brother, Noelle," Brad said.

"He can't be. Your brother is a wealthy businessman. You've told me about him. He's a rake. Not good for anything. The type of guy a woman would hate getting involved with."

Isaac winced at the description. "Is this true?" she asked her love, the man she'd given her virginity and heart to, the very man who'd asked her to trust him, the same man who'd promised her he would be honest with her.

She waited as he stared at her. He made no move to confirm or deny the accusations. Then all of a sudden, he nodded his head.

It felt like someone was thumping her in the stomach and chest. Unconsciously, she began to rub both as tears sprang to her eyes.

"I can't believe this," she said. She turned to look at Brad. "How did you find out?"

He handed her over a paper. Taking it from him with trembling fingers, she opened it up and there in black and white was a picture of her and Isaac seated inside the French restaurant.

Noelle burst out laughing. "You know, a guy stopped me in the supermarket today while I was buying groceries and asked if I was the woman on the cover of a newspaper. I told him he had the wrong woman."

"I didn't know we were being followed. I would have done everything in my power to keep this out of the press," Isaac said.

"Why bother? Who is the scarred woman who has captured Isaac Welch's attention?" She felt humiliated by the title. The truth of their relationship hit her square in the face.

Isaac tore the paper from her grasp and ripped it apart. "This doesn't matter. Do you hear me? This is nothing. What matters is what we've shared." He stroked her cheek. The touch was meant to be tender. She understood that, but she pulled away. The thought of his touch repulsed her. The immediate change in their relationship had become too much.

"I've got to go," she said.

"No. You're not going out here. Elle, listen to me. I love you. This means nothing. I still want that forever we talked about."

She shrugged him off. "Forever? How come you never said you loved me before this? You were given more than enough time to say the words. Why now? What has changed?"

Staring at him, she saw him fight to find the words.

"It's over, and seeing as you're this big hot-shot wealthy businessman, I want my f**king money back." She walked to the door. Not satisfied with how it ended, she walked back and slapped Isaac around the face. The action didn't make her feel better, but it helped deal with her pain.

The bastard had no idea the extent of her feelings for him, and they'd been a lie. The man she knew had been a lie.

"I've already transferred the funds back. Don't leave like this, Elle."

"How could you do this to me?" she asked. He stared at her without saying a word. "If you loved someone, no matter what, you could never lie to her like you did me. I never lied to you."

"I do love you."

"It doesn't matter. I've got to go."

Noelle ran out of the hotel room. The taxi she'd left was still there waiting. She jumped inside the cab.

"Could you take me back to my apartment and keep the motor running? I've got to find a place to go."

"Sure, lady, but it will cost you."

"Not a problem."

She put on her seatbelt and stared out the window. Brad rushed out of the hotel and charged after the taxi. She ignored him, sat back and watched the world go by. All too soon, she was at her apartment door with Brad not too far behind. Instead of stopping to have the argument with him, she went straight to her room and began packing.

"Noelle, you don't have to do this," Brad said from her doorway.

"I don't? You could have fooled me. When my best friend gets his older brother who's stuck in a rut to f**k his scarred best friend, I would consider leaving the best thing to do."

"Where are you going to go?" he asked.

"The money I paid him is back in my account. I've got enough to get by. I don't want to see you, Brad. What you've done has hurt me more than anything else." She packed her suitcase and made her way out of the apartment. Brad followed her all the way down to the taxi.

"This is ridiculous."

She whirled round on him. "You should have thought about that before you pimped your older brother out on me. I never wanted anyone's pity, Brad. I wanted love."

"Isaac loves you. Give him a chance."

Shaking her head, she handed her suitcase over to the taxi man.

"If only you hadn't asked him to be that man. Isaac Welch is not the man I know and never will be."

Leaving her friend stood on the pavement, she got into the cab, and then he drove away.

"Where do you want to go, miss?"

"To an available apartment."

Laying her head back against the head rest, she stared out at the city. In less than a few weeks the everywhere would be alight with Christmas decorations. She thought about her family and the festive times they used to spend together.

From her own personal problems she'd lost so much. Closing her eyes, she hugged herself to try to keep the last little bit of warmth she had left inside her.

****

Isaac paid for the room, a dull ache hurting inside his chest. She was gone, and there was no way he would be able to get her back. Pulling his debit card out of the machine, he gave a quick smile at the man on the desk before he left.

The moment he stepped out into the cold air, he welcomed the chill. The frost biting at his toes was welcome and let him know he was still alive.

What had happened was the biggest mistake of his life. Not telling Elle who he was had been the problem. Nothing else. Pulling the collar of his coat up to his neck, he called for a taxi to take him to his penthouse apartment. He would go home, to his empty apartment and empty life with only the sweet memories of Elle to keep him company.

The woman on the reception desk gave him a welcoming smile, which he ignored. On the way up, he rubbed his chest. The pain increased with every step he took. Every step reminded him of what he'd lost.

Chapter Twenty-Two

The next two weeks passed in a blur for Noelle. The media went into a frenzy over the woman Isaac had been seen eating a meal with. She'd rented an apartment on the other side of town. Switching on the television the evening news came on. Isaac, walking away from his office building, was being badgered by a well dressed reporter.

"Mr. Welch, could we ask about the woman you were pictured with?"

"No comment," Isaac said.

"What about news of a meeting with your father?" another reporter asked.

"Why is she a scarred beauty?"

At the last question Isaac turned to the media. He looked fierce and every one of his forty years. A hand went to her mouth as she gasped at the change within him. He looked angry.

"I never want to hear these questions again after this. Am I understood?" Murmurs echoed from each member of the press. "The woman I was having dinner with is a budding artist whose work is the best I've ever seen. Noelle Evans is an up and coming star. Our relationship is nothing more than a business one. Good day."

Hearing her full name from his lips was a heady experience if not a little upsetting. She was angry with him for the lying, but to completely blank their relationship as nothing but business ... hurt. Turning the television off, she went and stood next to her window. As she had known would happen, the city was alight with the approaching festive season. A month was still to go before the big day. The city would work for a few weeks to get every light looking perfect.

More than she liked to think about, her thoughts drifted back to Brad. She knew there would come a point where she would have to talk to him again.

Taking a deep breath, she grabbed her coat from the door. She intended to go see her best friend. The ringing of the telephone stopped her in her tracks. Frowning, she waited for the voice mail service to pick up.

"This is Noelle Evans. I'm not in right now, but please leave a message after the beep."

The sound of the machine beeping kicked in.

"Noelle, honey. It's your dad." A cough and the sound of muttering came over the line. "I spoke to your friend Bradley, and he gave me this number. He said you two had a fight and had moved out. Well, I guess I'd better tell you why I called. We want to see you, honey. Me and your mum. We want you to come home for Christmas."

A pause and more rustling around.

"I better go. Take care, Noelle. Love you."

The click of the message finished. She pulled away from the door and went over to the phone. She pressed the play button, listening to the message again. Tears filled her eyes as she thought about her father. She would have to visit him soon. Sitting down in the seat beside the phone, she stared at her hands. In the space of two years so much had changed. She wasn't the eighteen year old woman who'd run out of her home to get away from the man she felt was responsible for ruining her life. The relationship she had with her father had been an excellent one at one point. When she had gone to school, and after the accident which had given her the scars, that relationship had been tested.

Seeing her faults with a clearer eye, she knew what she had to do. She would visit her parents closer to Christmas.

First, she needed to go to the loft to collect her paintings from Isaac. She had an appointment with a man who was interested in selling her paintings at auction, but he wanted to see what she had to offer before he did.

Grabbing her keys from the side by the phone, she called a taxi and waited outside. The journey to the loft which Isaac had bought was a long one. Every passing second she wanted to ask the driver to turn back. She didn't know if he would be there or not. When the man pulled up she asked him to wait for her.

"It will cost for me to keep the motor running."

"Of course." She no longer expected anything else. Everyone wanted more money or quicker ways of getting out of paying. Staring up at the building she squared her shoulders before entering.

At first glance it looked like the loft was empty. The furniture hadn't been moved, and her art-work remained in the same place. On closer inspection she saw that her paintings were placed around the room, each one in clear view of the sofa.

Isaac sat on the sofa staring at her art work.

"I didn't expect you to be here," she said.

"You sent me a text to say you would be taking your art work, and you think I wouldn't be here to try and convince you to stay?" He turned his gaze on her.

"Why would you try to do that?"

"Because I love you, and no matter what you think that will never stop."

His words struck deep in her heart.

"I've come for the paintings."

"Then take them." He gestured to each one. Opening and closing her hands, she stared at him not wanting to move. After several minutes passed Noelle pulled herself out of the trance and began to gather her work.

Isaac sat on the sofa, watching her but not making a move. When she pulled the last painting off the easel, she felt him behind her. Spinning around, she gasped as he pressed her against the wall.

She didn't have time to protest as he slammed his lips down on hers. The kiss wasn't gentle or soft but hard and demanding. At first she denied him, fighting against his hold. All too soon she was melting into his touch, her lips opening to accept the invasion of his tongue. Their moans mingled in the air around them. She sank her fingers in the hair at the base of his neck as he ran his hands down her body. She was drowning in the sea of his touch, and she couldn't find a way out.

It would be all too easy to give herself to him, but what would happen afterwards? He would go back to his life, and she would return to hers.

Pushing him away, Noelle broke the contact.

"I don't want this."

"I can feel the fire of your passion, Elle. You want me."

Staring at him she shook her head in denial. Pulling out of his hold, she grabbed her paintings from the doorway.

"I may still want you, but that all changed when you weren't honest with me."

She pressed the elevator button and began the journey to the taxi. The meeting with the man who wanted to sell her paintings was in the afternoon. She checked the time on her phone and decided to go straight to the man's office.

The changes in her life were necessary. She took a quick glance up at the window and saw Isaac staring back at her. The intensity in his gaze could be seen from where she stood. She didn't know why she felt that way, but she did.

She got back into the taxi and drove off. The desire to look back was strong.

****

Ben waited for Brad at the cemetery where he'd told the other man to meet him. After his meeting with Noelle, Ben knew it was only a matter of time until he told Brad the truth. He flicked the cigarette he was smoking out of his fingers when he saw Brad approaching.

"Thank you for calling me," Brad said.

"I don't want to talk. I just want to show you, so we can move on." Ben needed to get past the hate and guilt inside him. The emotions were threatening to destroy him every day. He walked through the cemetery, past the main gravestones and along some bushes.

Ben came to a stop out one gravestone at the edge of the cemetery near the fence.

"What's going on, Ben? Why have you bought me here?"

"I can't go on with you not knowing about your past. Our past. The only way we can move on is for me to tell you what happened." Ben moved some of the leaves that had blown onto the grave. He rubbed his hands along the lettering, and once again his heart began to ache. So many lies had been told over the years, and he hated himself for it. When he was younger coming out of the closet had never been acceptable. For years, he'd kept his sexuality a secret from his parents, his work colleagues and even his wife.

"You came into the bar one night, and we hit it off. I'd never met anyone like you. You were so confused but yet knew who you wanted to be. Compared to everyone I knew, you were a breath of fresh air. We started dating. I know you were young, and I shouldn't have acted on my attraction to you. But I did." Ben ran his fingers through his hair. He was shaking from the memories of his affair with Brad. Never in his whole life had he been as happy as when he was with Brad. "We said we'd keep our relationship a secret. You promised you'd never hurt my wife." He heard Brad gasp, and he turned away to carry on with his tale. "I didn't know about your drug and alcohol problem. One night you came to club when my wife was visiting. You were out of control, shouting and bitching. I've never seen anything like it. That night, you told the whole club and my wife about our affair."

"I'm so sorry...." Ben stopped him from talking.

"She couldn't cope. I dealt with you, and when I tried to talk to my wife, she ran out on me. That night, I lost you, my wife, and my unborn child."

Brad was crying, and Ben knew he'd broken through that wall inside him.

"I don't just blame you. I blame myself. If you hadn't walked inside the club I would have remained faithful to my wife, and she would be alive and so would my child."

"I don't understand. Why do you have a wife if you like men? What did I do?" Brad asked. The tears were endless, and Ben hated himself for the added pain he was causing.

Ben closed his eyes, and he turned away from Brad. He needed to get himself together. This wasn't entirely Brad's fault.

"I'm bisexual, Brad. You're the first man I've let myself get close to. I never cheated on my wife with another woman, but with you, I had to have you. My wife died because she heard the way you were bragging at the club, and she asked me if it was true. I told her it was, and she ran out, taking the car and drove into a f**king tree."

"Why is that my fault?" Brad asked.

"Because if you hadn't come into my life, I would never have cheated on her. I fell in love with you, and it kills me to know that inside I'm still f**king happy that you're alive. If you'd kept your mouth shut she'd be alive, and I would have you and my wife and baby." Ben watched as Brad turned away from him and walked out of the cemetery.

****

Brad needed to get away. He felt Ben was being a selfish prick after what he'd said. Running his fingers through his hair, he tried to understand everything that had happened. There was no way he could be responsible for the death of Ben's wife.

He fought with his own demons, and he couldn't stop thinking that it was his fault. His hands were shaking as he walked back to the apartment. The paintings Noelle had drawn were up taunting him. He looked at the paintings and saw the loss of friendship and the added loss of Ben.

The urge to lose himself in drink was strong. Ben held him responsible for the death of his wife and child. A part of him was arguing with the statement while another knew he should have kept his mouth shut.

Chapter Twenty-Three

The taxi driver kept the engine running. Two years had passed since she had last seen her parents. Staring at the house with the Christmas decorations made her chest hurt. Not too far from the house, her dad had had the accident which had altered her life forever.

"Do you want me to keep going, honey?" the man asked.

"No. I think I'll stay for a while. Thank you for taking me." She handed him the bill. He got out and gave her the cases. She moved her hair out of the way, the blonde locks reminding her of Isaac. He loved to brush her hair when she got out of the shower. Shaking her head to clear the images she thanked the man.

He gave her a warm smile. She waited for him to drive away before turning back to the house.

The whole street was deserted as a fresh layer of snow had begun to fall. Walking the path to the front door, her heart started to pound. Two years didn't sound like a long time, but so much could happen in that length of time. The snow crunched under her feet with every step she took. When she got to the front door, she hesitated on the buzzer.

She turning around to leave and then back again. Closing her eyes, she counted to ten and pressed the buzzer.

She heard people moving around from inside. Biting her lip she saw the inner door open, the curtain being pulled back, and she stared into the eyes of her father.

"Noelle?" He opened the door, and there he stood. The man who had caused her scarring. The man who had spent a lot of his time at the bottom of a liquor bottle. The same man stood in front of her as sober as she'd ever seen him.

"Hi, dad," she said.

He engulfed her in a bear hug. The tears she didn't even know she'd kept inside began falling as he held her and kissed her.

"I've missed you so much, sweetheart." She knew he was crying. She felt the tears on her neck.

"I've missed you, too." She held her dad as the years of pain and anguish melted away. He didn't smell of alcohol. He smelt like her father with the touch of tobacco and the fabric softener that her mother liked to use.

"I can't stay long, but I thought we could spend Christmas together," she said with her arms wrapped around him.

"I don't care as long as you promise to keep coming back. I'm so sorry, Noelle." She heard the sob in her dad's voice as he spoke.

He pulled her inside, and the rest of her family began to embrace her. Her mother was there with tears in her eyes. The whole episode was a crying affair.

Noelle embraced everyone, her heart breaking at the pain she'd caused many people. Staring at her father, she saw how emotional he was at the encounter as well.

After some time passed and they asked her how she was getting on, her father told her cousins to leave so they could catch up. He took her hands and led her into the sitting room.

He sat in the old armchair where she remembered sitting on his knee and reading a story to him as she grew up.

"I can't believe you turned up," he said.

"How could I not after these past two years?"

"Two years? Is that all it has been? It's felt like a lifetime. You're looking amazing. How is everything with you?" he asked.

She smiled at him, her heart slowing down as her nerves were replaced by the warmth of the family. "I've been doing well. I've got a collector or an auctioneer or whatever you call it who wants to sell my art work, which is amazing, I think."

"You were never one for finding out all the proper names of people."

They both laughed. Their bond was still fragile, and the threat of it breaking kept them in check.

"Nothing much else has happened."

"What about this argument I've heard from your friend Brad?"

"I don't want to talk about it." She'd ignored his calls, and she hadn't bothered to tell her she was going to see her parents. She missed Brad. He was like a constant presence in her life, and not being around him upset her. She wanted to make sure he was coping okay with her absence.

"Men?"

Noelle blushed as she thought about Isaac. No matter what she tried to do she couldn't get him out of her head.

"I met someone, but he wasn't who he said he was."

"Then he's no good for you."

She smiled and stared at her dad. He took her hand and smiled back at her. Licking her lips, she knew she had to say the words she'd been feeling for some time.

"I blamed you." She blurted out. He gasped, and the hand holding hers tightened. Instead of stopping, she continued. "Since the accident which gave me this," she moved her hand over her face, "I've hated you for it. I felt that if it wasn't for your selfishness, I wouldn't be scarred, and none of this would have happened."

He went to speak, and she held her hand up to stop him.

"Please, let me finish. This has been ten years in the making, and I think I need to get it off my chest. I promise I didn't come here to start a fight or to make you feel bad."

He nodded his head and continued to hold her hand.

"I never wanted to see you again and laid the blame at your feet for this whole thing. Over the past few months I've come to see that it was really no one's fault. What happened, happened, and I don't want to spend the rest of my life being bitter for something that I can't change. I love you, dad, and I forgive you."

He held her close, and the bond between them began to mend. Noelle closed her eyes as she thought about everything she had missed. She wasn't just thinking about the last two years but what she'd missed since the accident. Time truly could heal old wounds.

With that thought in mind, she wondered if she could forgive Isaac. In the moments of being in her father's arms she knew she could forgive him.

****

Noelle spent the next couple of days with her family. Her cousins were visiting from up north, and the family were having several trips down memory lane. She didn't see her father drink once during their time together. He took her out to the local diner, and they ate together mending the barrier that had been erected between them. She knew she had to go back home but had promised to return for Christmas.

On the day before her last, she was clearing away the dishes when the door bell rang. Her mother went to answer it as her dad and cousins were getting ready to watch a movie. Noelle put some condiments away in the cupboard.

"Noelle, a gentleman is here to see you." Her family charged toward the porch to see the man who'd come to call on her. Shaking her head and smiling at the same time she went to see who had decided to visit. She stopped when she saw Brad at the door. He looked pale and terrified. Staring at him, she knew something was wrong. His whole demeanour was off. When he saw her, she saw the relief flash across his face.

"Everyone, I'd like you to meet Bradley Welch. He's my friend who I shared an apartment with in the city."

They all offered him thanks.

"Let's leave Noelle with her friend. He looks like he wants to speak to her alone," her father said.

She watched her family leave. When she thought about seeing Brad, she imagined it would have been in privacy. Taking his hand, she noted how clammy he felt to the touch, and took him to the dining room.

****

Brad took a deep breath as her family left. The people were making him nervous. Since leaving Ben at the cemetery he'd been lost. He'd spent the last few days trying to find the only rock he had in his life.

Her touch made him nervous. Could she feel the change inside him?

She dropped his hand and began clearing away the table. He followed her around, unsure of how to ask for her help.

"I need to talk to you, Noelle," Brad said. His hands were shaking. He was so close to falling off the wagon. He needed his tower of strength, the one woman who'd stood by him through thick and thin. Isaac was a mess from her loss, and he knew the only thing to keep him from going under was Noelle.

"I don't want to talk to you. You interfered in my life, Brad. That kind of shit you don't forgive. Why did you come out here?" She slammed around the room putting away jars of pickles. The rest of her family sat in the sitting room. They'd given her privacy while he visited.

"I know I f**ked up," he said. Getting his brother to play the role of being an escort had been a mistake. He should have introduced them like a normal couple. Instead, he'd been a bastard and gone behind her back.

"Yeah. You f**ked up in a big way. I can't believe you did that to me," she said.

Brad heard the words while he was nervous about what he had hiding in his jacket. The burning inside him grew.

"Help me," he asked.

"What?"

"I'm really sorry, and the only consolation I can give you right now is that Isaac does love you. I know you don't believe me, but, Noelle, I need your help."

He'd gotten her attention as he began to close up inside. The struggle to breathe began as he saw the grave-stone in his head. Through his own useless acts, he'd been responsible for the death of a wife and child. He hadn't been able to talk to Ben. He'd left Ben to go to his apartment and find Noelle.

Staring at his friend the usual peace he felt was failing him. The desire to grab what was inside his jacket and lose himself was strong.

"I can't handle it anymore. I need your help."

"What's going on, Brad?" The tears began to well in his eyes as the hunger gripped him.

One sniff and one drink, and you'll be at peace. No more remembering. Just the sweet bliss of oblivion.

He shook all over from the effort to try to hold it inside.

He was failing.

Chapter Twenty-Four

"What's going on, Brad?" she asked again.

Noelle watched as he pulled the spirit bottle out of his jacket along with a couple of hits of some drug. She saw the white powder and knew it was coc**ne.

"What the f**k?" She grabbed his arm, pulled him out of the house and down to the shed at the bottom of the garden.

Taking his jacket off, she checked his arms for any signs of open track marks, her heart pounding the whole time. For the past couple of weeks she hadn't been able to keep her food down. She felt dizzy from the movement and ended up leaning against him for support.

"What's the matter, Noelle?" he asked.

"I don't know. I just came over a little light-headed."

"I shouldn't have bought this problem to you. It was unfair." Brad went to grab his jacket. Her dizziness subsided, and she slapped his hand. Then she slapped his face.

"What the f**k is wrong with you, you ass**le?"

"I ruined Ben's life," he said. His tears returned with full force.

"What?"

"He holds me responsible for the death of his wife. She found out about us when I was hyped up on drugs. She crashed into a tree killing herself and the baby she carried in the process. Ben will never forgive me." He cried, collapsed to his knees, and sobbed against her waist.

Noelle couldn't help the tears which came as she mourned for Ben and his wife, and she mourned for her friend as well.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry," Brad said over and over again.

She held him through his pain. Looking down at the white powder in her hand she planned to dispose of it later. Putting it into her back pocket, she wrapped her arms around him.

"I've got you, Brad. Let it all go."

Closing her eyes, she tried to deal with everything he was telling her. Ben had been married, and he had an affair with Brad. The whole sordid affair had come out while Brad had been in one of his high alcohol and drug moments.

"How could I have been so stupid? I've broken him, Noelle. There is nothing I can do to make it right."

"I don't ever want to hear you talking like that again, Bradley Welch. Do you hear me? You're not responsible for the death of someone else's wife. Ben should know better, and I'm disappointed in him for blaming you," Noelle said.

He went to grab the drugs and alcohol, but she held it out of his reach. "Give me my f**king stuff," he said, his anger coming through. She'd seen this side of him before. Grabbing the bottle of alcohol, she smashed it on the tiles in the corner. The dark liquid soaked down and into the wood.

"If you want that, lick it up like a dog, Brad," she said. Her heart pounded as she spoke the words. Taking a deep breath, she captured his face in her hands forcing him to look at her. "You don't think you know what you can do to make it right? Well, for once I'd say you f**king pull your shit together and be the Brad he's come to know. Ben deserves the man you are right now. A strong man, not a man who's more interested in his own problems than that of the man he claims to love."

The words were harsh, but being the best of friends she knew she had the right to say them.

"Ben was alone while you dealt with your problems. Don't leave him alone now. He needs you more now than ever before. Be strong, Brad. Be the man I know you can be."

He stared at her for several minutes. Neither spoke, and she waited for him to process everything.

Eventually, the tears fell once again, and he wrapped his arms around her.

"I love you, Noelle," he said.

"I love you, too."

"Come home."

She didn't think she would want to live with him again, but seeing him so lost had changed her mind. "We'll go home. Come on. I want you to meet my family."

Taking him by the hand, she took him to meet her family. The people helped with his situation, and he spent the night on her floor before they left in the morning. She disposed of the drugs the moment he was occupied.

When they got home, Noelle was too preoccupied by the upcoming auction to give Isaac a call. She saw several newspapers and magazines with pictures of him with flawless actresses and models. Knowing she couldn't compete with such beauty, she threw herself into her work.

Brad spent a great deal of time at the apartment. The youth centre had called and offered him a job. She asked for them to keep it on hold as he was dealing with his own problems at the moment.

Spending time with him was essential. She'd gone to the club and told Ben about his episode. The other man looked so unhappy. Noelle convinced Ben to give him time. Brad would get stronger, and then Ben wouldn't know what to do with his time.

Most of her nights were spent thinking about Isaac. She would wake up flustered as her dreams were filled with erotic images. The love within them was so apparent. She missed him and didn't know if she could handle a lifetime without his touch.

On the day of the auction, she left Brad at home and travelled to the art gallery where it was being held. On the way there she stopped off at a pharmaceutical shop and picked up a pregnancy test.

For several mornings she'd been waking up with sickness. Part of her didn't want to be pregnant because of the conflict between her and Isaac. Another part of her was so happy at the thought of carrying his child. Either way, she would have to deal with that hurdle when it came.

There were many people inside the gallery, looking at her paintings among other items. She left to go to the bathroom. Several women were giggling and putting on make-up. Noelle ignored their presence. She pulled out the pregnancy test from her bag.

She read through the instructions and then followed the directions. Peeing on the stick was the strangest feeling in the world. Her hands shook with terror at what the little white science stick would say.

Women walked in and out, distracting her from what she was doing. Noelle watched the clock for the three minutes the stick required. With every passing second her hand shook. She kept looking at the stick and then at her watch. Keeping her eyes on her watch she waited for the three minutes to finish before turning back to the stick.

She glanced at the stick.

Oh f**k.

Chapter Twenty-Five

"What the f**k are you doing here? If I wanted to talk to you I would have made an appointment to see you." Isaac cursed.

His dad stood less than two feet away. In his presence Isaac didn't feel like the forty year old business man that he was. He felt like a young boy craving his dad's attention - only to be pushed aside for another woman, a young, gold-digging slut of a woman.

"I know you don't want to see me, son. I needed to see you."

"You're years too late," Isaac said. The damage from the man before him had already been done.

"When you were younger and had no idea what life had to offer I accepted our relationship. I won't accept this anymore," his dad said.

Isaac got up from behind his desk. He stood in front of his father and felt nothing. For many years he'd wanted to hurt the man before him. Looking at him now, he saw the uselessness of such actions.

"I've got nothing to say. You left mum for a gold-digging slut because she opened her legs for you." The words were harsh.

"Don't say another word against her. You have no idea what is going on."

"I know you wanted this woman more than you wanted Mum. I had to listen to her crying over you."

"She was crying because of the f**king scandal, son. I married your mother because I had no choice. Our families had arranged it, and back then, we did what we had to do. She knew I was never in love with her."

Isaac listened to what his father had to say, and the words spoken did make sense. When he looked back to his parents' marriage there had never been any love between them. They didn't kiss or hug like other parents. In fact there weren't even the long stares as they gazed at each other. He knew about love. He'd felt it with Elle. The woman he had had and lost due to his own f**ked-up reasoning. His mother liked the free life she had. He'd seen it recently as she talked about the women at her village. Closing his eyes, he rubbed his temple.

"Why have you come here?" he asked.

"Because I don't want you to make the same mistake that I did." His dad pulled out a folded piece of paper and handed it to him. "Your scarred beauty is holding an auction for her art work at the gallery just a few blocks from here."

The paper was the one of them at the French restaurant. Folding the paper in two he handed it back.

"So? There is nothing going on between us."

"No? Then tell me why you're looking at her as if she's the best thing in the world, and you want a piece of it?"

"It is amazing what they can do with air brushing these days."

His dad held up his hand. "Don't, son. There is a woman a few blocks from here who is clearly in love with you. Do not do what I did. I cared for your mother, but I love the woman I'm with. You may not like me, but I've got a woman who will open her arms to me when I go home. What have you got?" He passed him the paper and walked out of the office.

Isaac opened the paper and stared at the woman who plagued his thoughts day and night.

Running a thumb over her face on the paper he pictured her in his arms. He remembered the smooth soft skin of her body, the easy response as she came apart in his grasp. He stared at the paper where the woman who held his heart sat.

Throwing the paper down, he called down for a ride.

He was going to win his woman.

****

"This is a very special portrait of the painter herself. Miss Noelle Evans is the distinguished artist. Her self-portrait, titled Scarred Beauty, is a rare item. I would like to start the bidding at ten thousand dollars," the auctioneer said to the crowd.

I'm pregnant. I'm going to give birth to Isaac Welch's baby.

Stop thinking or panicking, and stare at the work being sold. This is good business. The baby can wait.

Only nine months.

Long enough.

Noelle stood back, tears in her eyes as she looked at the painting she'd done of herself after her time with Isaac. That man had made her feel like the most beautiful woman in the world. Closing her eyes she tried to block out the pain. The auction was turning into a huge success, better than anything she could have ever imagined.

The prices escalated for her self portrait. She guessed the reason for her increase in popularity was down to her relationship with Isaac Welch. Not Isaac the man she knew but Isaac the successful business man. When she thought of the betrayal Brad and Isaac had put her through, her heart ached, and she felt filled with humiliation. Her best friend had asked his older brother to play an escort. Was everything she felt in his arms a lie? The inner turmoil of that had happened over the last few weeks shocked her.

"Ten million dollars." Gasps echoed round the small room. She looked inside the room. Isaac stood in the doorway his hair drenched from the rain outside, his eyes blazing with passion. She stared at him with the comfort of the curtain between them. This was the first time she'd seen him since the episode in the loft over her leaving.

"Does anyone want to increase the bid?" the auctioneer asked.

Biting her lip, Noelle stepped from behind the curtain. "His bid does not count. No sale," she said.

He moved down the aisle, and she couldn't tear her gaze away from him even if she wanted to. He captured her attention like the first time she had met him.

"I want that painting."

"You're not getting it."

He stood at the bottom of the stage staring up at her. She moved down the steps so she was the same height. Looking down on him felt wrong.

"You're going to give me that painting, Elle. It's mine. You're my scarred beauty. No one else has a right to that picture. I watched you paint that portrait."

The vision he brought into her mind had her weak at the knees. There was a point at which she painted where he'd sat on a chair in front of her painting, parted her thighs and sunk deep inside her. She'd painted part of the portrait while he was making love to her. The sensuality of the painting captured the feelings he evoked.

She gazed out at the audience, her blonde hair wrapped off her face for once. No one looked away from her in disgust. They all starred at her with rapt attention. How had her life changed so much?

Tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear, she turned back to the man who'd crushed her heart.

"Take the painting. I have no use for it." She held her head high and walked past him. Down the aisle she walked not daring to look anywhere but straight in front.

"You will always be my girl, Noelle."

She stopped at the last row of chairs, her back straight. He'd never in all the time they'd been together called her by her full name. The only time she'd heard her name from his lips had been in the media coverage of their relationship. Without thinking, she turned back to face him. He stood in the same spot.

"I'm not your girl," she said, even though in her heart she knew she'd never be with anyone else.

"The best time of my life was the moment I met you."

"Why are you saying these things? Now? Today? Why?" When their relationship had come to light, she'd read the article where he'd denied any contact with her. The feature in the newspaper had stung her more than the betrayal of her best friend and lover.

"Because I f**ked up. You're right. I spend most of my time acting as if I don't care what people think when the truth is, I let it get between you and me. I love you, Noelle. My love will never stop."

His words were cutting her deep.

"And if you can find it in your heart to forgive me, I will make sure you never go a day without my love. Every morning when I wake up I will prove to you with more than words what you mean to me. I cannot even begin to express the extent of the love I feel for you."

Tears were streaming down her face as with every word he spoke, he took a step towards her.

"When you paint, I will be there to watch. When you're sick, I will hold you until the pain stops, and you're better. There is nothing I won't do for you. All this means nothing to me."

He opened his wallet and pulled out his credit cards and cheque books, throwing them at her feet. His expensive designer watch went on the floor along with a few other things he held.

Isaac grabbed her hand, placing it over his heart. She felt the heat of his body through his clothing, up her arm and inside her own heart. Staring into his eyes she saw the love he felt for her.

"I ask that you forgive me," he said. Noelle was about to say the words when he went down on one knee. "Noelle Evans, will you make me the happiest man in the world and become my wife?"

He went to his pocket and pulled out a small square box.

The lid opened revealing a small, delicate gold band. The simple band meant more to her than any diamonds.

"Yes," she said. "You had my heart and my love the moment I collided with you." They shared a smile as he got up off the floor.

He slipped the ring on her finger. The weight felt perfect to her. Isaac took her lips as their audience applauded.

"How was my proposal?" he whispered against her ear.

"Perfect."

"You're going to be my wife. I can't believe it."

Noelle smiled and whispered her own little secret in his ear. He froze as she pressed his hand against her thickening stomach.

"You're going to be a father."

In front of the room full of clients and a couple of members of the press, Isaac Welch, strong businessman, fainted in a heap on the floor.

Epilogue

"Calm down," Noelle said as the limo pulled up outside her parents' house.

"How can I calm down? I'm about to enter the building where my woman's parents live and tell them I'm the old guy who knocked her up. Your dad is going to want to take me in the back garden and shoot me," Isaac said.

She couldn't help but laugh at the way Isaac was responding. They were going to get married in the coming new year, so they had time to get her dad to agree to give her away.

Reaching over the space, she kissed him in the hope of giving him some reassurance. "Dad won't hurt you because I love you. Besides, you're still one half of the small guy inside me. He'll love you like I do."

Brad had decided to spend Christmas with Ben. In the last few days he'd managed to pull himself out of the bleakness that had consumed him. She was proud of him but scared. Brad was walking the fine line between being okay and snapping like a twig.

Isaac distracted her by resting his hand over her stomach.

"You've made me the happiest man on the planet. I'm so sorry for not being honest with you in the beginning."

She smiled. Forgiving him had not been an issue. She loved him with all of her heart, and if she could forgive Brad then she could forgive Isaac.

"I love you, Isaac. Not just for the next few weeks but for the rest of my life. Even if you are older than I."

He wrapped his arms around her and snuggled closer as the limo came to a stop outside her house.

"Enjoy the comfort I can give you. I'm about to lose my life."

She grabbed his face and kissed him. "You're not about to lose your life." Taking his hand, she escorted him to her front door.

His hand shook as she pressed the bell. Her dad opened the door, a scowl on his face.

"Hi, dad," she said. "I'd like to introduce you to Isaac Welch. He's the man I'm in love with and whom I'm going to marry, and he's the father of your grandchild."

Her dad moved closer to Isaac. The two men stared at each other, each sizing up the other to see if one would falter. Noelle held her breath as the battle continued.

Dad gave in first. He wrapped his arms around Isaac, slapped him on the back as he did.

"Welcome to the family, son."

The End

