Prologue

The day Prudence and James first met

Prudence Star sat with her course books on her lap. She read the words, but they refused to sink into her brain. After three hours of solid study she decided to give herself a break. Throwing the books onto her sister's coffee table, she moved toward the kitchen. There were times she hated Veronica for all of her perfection.

You're being petty, Prue.

She loved her sister dearly. However, there were times she wished her older sister wasn't so perfect. How could she ever think of matching up to what her sister achieved? Veronica was beautiful, intelligent, and don't forget, thin. Her parents never came out and said anything about Prudence's weight, but it was always there when they went to dinners or social events as a family.

Her mother always warned of the carbs in pasta, potatoes, and pretty much everything she ate.

Stop being a bitch.

Grabbing the chocolate ice-cream, she picked the largest spoon that would fit into her mouth and started to eat. She stared out of the window overlooking the small garden. When summer hit she'd need to mow the lawn. Her sister was due home any minute, as she didn't work late on a Wednesday.

Thinking of her sister, Prue heard the sound of the key in the lock. She moved from the kitchen. Prue wore a pair of pyjama bottoms and thin strap shirt. Her hair was bound atop her head. The brown curls annoyed her. She was thinking about getting the mousy colour dyed but hadn't settled on a colour.

"That was such a good film. I can't believe I didn't want to watch it. Thank you for taking me," Veronica said.

Had her sister suddenly started talking to herself? Moving to the hall way Prue stopped at the sound of his voice.

"My pleasure. I knew you'd like it the moment I heard what it was about."

His words melted her insides. With the spoon in her mouth Prue struggled past the wave of unadulterated pleasure. No man or boy had ever left her feeling so aware of herself. There was moaning, and Veronica gasped, which broke through the cloud of arousal.

Prue rounded the corner to see the most handsome man she'd ever seen with his arms wrapped around her sister.

A whimper escaped her. Her heart felt shattered at the sight of the man holding her sister. Prue didn't have a clue what to think at her unusual response to the man.

Veronica broke the kiss, turning to her. "Prudence!"

Eyes widening, Prue watched her sister tug the hunk of a man closer. She stared into his eyes wondering if she'd ever be able to forget him.

"Prudence, I'd like you to meet my boyfriend, James," Veronica said.

He stared at her smiling.

As she made to talk to him, she felt the spoon in her mouth. Cheeks flaming, she removed the spoon and then shook his head. "Hello," she said.

Her mouth felt dry even though the ice-cream she had eaten made her mouth water.

"I didn't know you had a sister," James said.

"She likes to pretend she doesn't." Prue walked away, unable to cope with looking at a man she could never have.

What's going on with you? You've never had a man, and now you're jealous over a man you've never had?

Shit, Prue, get a grip.

She flopped on the sofa, grabbed her book, and continued to eat from the tub. Before her sister walked in she'd been tempted to put some in a bowl, but now she was eating the whole damn thing.

They walked through to where she sat minutes later. She sat in the sofa taking up all the space with her course books.

"James is going to stay a while. I'll make dinner for us," Veronica said.

"Knock yourself out." She didn't look up from her book. When her sister didn't move, Prue kept the spoon in her mouth. "What?" she asked, around the spoon.

"You know Mom will be pissed. She's really hoping you'll stick to this diet."

Prue would welcome the ground to open up underneath her.

Instead, her face flamed as Veronica took the ice-cream and spoon off her without another word. Prue wanted to storm out of the house. She couldn't for two reasons. One, she wasn't dressed to storm out, and two, that would only be the action of a baby.

As Veronica moved out of the room Prue watched as James caught the carton of ice-cream. "You said your sister was eighteen, didn't you?" James asked.

Great, now they're talking about me.

Floor, open up for me now.

Anytime would be welcome.

"Yes."

"Then I think she should have the ice-cream if that's what she wants."

James took the spoon and carton then moved over to the sofa. He handed her back what Veronica had taken away. Her sister stormed off. With shaking fingers, Prue took the things off James.

"Thank you," she said. "You didn't have to do that for me."

"Yes, I did. Why are you being rationed?" he asked.

Her eyes widened. "Look at me. My parents and sister hate the fact I'm fat."

James frowned, and she was sure she heard him growl. "You're not fat."

Pleasure unlike anything she'd experienced bloomed inside her chest.

"You don't think I'm fat?" she asked, looking up at him. She moved her books for him to sit next to her.

"You've got curves, Prudence. You're not fat."

He was the first person to say that to her. She fell deeply in love with him.

"Thank you," she said.

"You're welcome."

They sat together in silence. She spooned some ice-cream into her mouth. "What do you do, James?" she asked.

"I own a night club. Ravage, it's called."

Veronica worked at the club a couple of days a week.

Prue found herself staring at his hands. They were huge.

"What about you?"

"I'm a student. I'm studying business, and I have absolutely no knack for the subject."

****

James sat next to Veronica's sister. She was a cute little thing. Bigger than Veronica but he wouldn't use the word fat to describe her. He stared at several of her course books before looking at her. She ate her ice-cream as she flicked through the pages of the book on her lap. There was no way she was reading the words.

Her hands shook as she scooped more ice-cream. He couldn't believe Veronica's actions when she took the carton away from her. Admittedly, he'd known Veronica a short time, but to embarrass her sister in the way that she did annoyed him. There nothing wrong with having a few curves on a woman.

"So, you're the dangerous man that runs Ravage?" Prudence asked. "Anything else you're in to?"

He chuckled. James wasn't going to get started in on what he liked to do in his spare time.

"Nothing that would interest you."

She smiled, and his heart stopped beating. He'd never seen anything so beautiful in his life. For several moments he couldn't turn away, and James was disgusted with himself. She was only eighteen, and his shaft thickened in his pants. The need to claim her struck him to the core. He wanted nothing more than to lift her in his arms and take her back to his place. She'd want for nothing if only she kept smiling at him.

"What's the matter?" she asked. Prudence stopped smiling and reached out to touch his hand. "Are you okay?"

Her touch did several things to him. One, he pulled out of the trance he seemed to be in, and second, he realised what he was doing.

No, he refused to lust after an eighteen-year-old.

Wasn't going to happen. He stood. "Yeah, I'm fine. I've got to get some work done."

James walked to the kitchen where Veronica was stirring together some sauce. She turned to him with a smile. Her smile didn't have the same effect. The look on her face didn't call to him in any way.

"What's the matter, baby?" she asked.

He wanted to wince at how unnatural the word sounded.

"I've got to go. There is something I need to do back at the club. Can I take a rain check?"

"Did Prudence say something?" She looked over his should with a foul look on her face.

"No, she was studying, and watching her work reminded me of something."

James walked over to her. He cupped her cheek then brushed her lips with his.

Nothing.

No electricity or need to claim her.

One touch on the hand from Prudence and the need arose in him.

"Do you want me to come with you?" she asked, pressing her body against him.

He'd never seen a fault with her before he met her sister. She didn't hold any of her sister's voluptuous curves. Her smile wasn't sweet, and it certainly didn't light up his world.

"No. I'll see you soon."

He left without looking back. The urge to take Prudence with him was still there. James made his way back to the club and went straight to the Dungeon. He trained other subs in his spare time. Veronica's presence in his life hadn't changed his need to train other women. He removed his shirt as he walked into the Dungeon of Ravage. Several couples were already mid-way through a scene.

"I didn't think you were coming today?" Kevin said. His best friend, Tate, was working a woman with a paddle in the far corner while Kevin leaned back and watched.

"I thought you were holding out for Rebecca?" James asked, wanting to take the focus from him.

"We are, but she doesn't want to see us. This blows off steam in our spare time."

When he saw the other man staring into his cup, James felt bad for bringing up the other woman. She couldn't leave her house and saw only Cadeon.

"Do you think there will ever be a woman out there for all of us who doesn't complicate things? I'm starting to wonder if the whole possessive crap is just a load of bull-shit."

James thought about Prudence. There was no way that woman came without problems. She was nothing but problems.

The age gap between them was f**king scary. He felt like a cradle robber just for looking at her.

"I don't know."

He moved to his spot and pointed at the sub who worked behind the bar. James rarely f**ked the women he trained. He helped them to understand their own needs and desire and then matched them with a perfect Dom.

The sub came willingly to him. James led her through to his room where she leaned over a spanking bench. No words were necessary.

Prudence's face flashed in his mind, and he raised his hand.

The sub wiggled on the bench waiting for him to punish her.

He wavered. How could he give the sub what she needed when he couldn't get Prudence's face out of his head?

"Sir, have I done something wrong?" she asked.

James shook his head. "No, you need to go back to the other room. Bring me the vodka and a glass please."

He sat down on the bed available in the room. Perspiration dotted his brow. The sub came back with the bottled vodka. He drank from the bottle and thought about Prudence.

"Stop thinking about her, you sick f**k. You can't have her. You'll never have her in your life. Stop thinking and concentrate on what you do have."

Swallowing the strong spirit allowed him the bliss to fall back on the bed and go to sleep.

His dreams were filled with Prudence, and when he woke up he didn't feel better about himself.

"Great, the woman I want is the younger sister of the woman I'm dating."

As if his life couldn't get more complicated enough, after some years passed, she walked right into Ravage.

Chapter One

Straight after Owned by the Dom Part One

James Castleden charged out of Ravage without looking back. His anger was acute, and he needed to find the person responsible for taking Prudence away from him. The thought of his woman being at the mercy of a bastard criminal was enough to drive him crazy.

"James, stop," Cadeon said. Lucas shook his head as Stephen walked through the entrance to the club. James looked at the sign for Ravage. In his heart there was no future without Prudence. His woman meant the world to him. Without her there was no point in him living.

Glancing down at his hands, he saw the blood painted on his fingers. "What? Why do you need me to stop? Jermaine is f**king dead, and Leo or f**king Daren have my woman. I'm not going to stop until I get her back."

Lucas stopped him with a hand on his arm. "This is not the way."

"No, this is not the way, but Prudence is out there, and she wasn't supposed to be part of the deal. Whatever way we were going to handle this shit has gone. I'm going to Veronica's house to get the answers I need." He pushed Lucas's hand away. The rage inside him wouldn't be tempered down by kind words or reassurances. His woman was in danger. Getting Prudence back in his arms meant more to him than calming down his friends.

"You're not designed for this," Lucas said. "I've been in battle. You're not the person for this."

"I may have wealth, but I know how to fight my battles."

Dane came out holding his face. "I can help you."

"You stay away from me. You come near me, and I'll f**king kill you."

James opened the passenger door to his car. Arthur sat in the driver's seat. Cadeon knelt at the window. "I'm begging you as a friend, James. Don't do this. This is what Daren wants and whoever he's working for."

"If this was Violet would you back down until you had her in your arms? Prudence is the other half of me."

Cadeon's hands tightened on the window then let go. "Keep us posted."

He nodded then waited for Arthur to move out of the way. "Do you need to talk about it, sir?" Arthur asked.

"No. I need you to get me to Veronica Star's house. She knows something. I know she does."

An image of Prudence in his arms flashed before his eyes. He couldn't stand the thought of her being alone. What would Leo do to her?

Not Leo but Daren.

He fooled you, easily.

James ignored the man beside him. His only thoughts were consumed with images of Prudence being tortured. She was far from innocent, and he'd heard so many things about women put up for auction. He'd read several articles in papers and reports about it all, but none of the information he'd been given would ever prepare him for that kind of truth.

She has to be safe.

I'll tear everyone apart who dares to hurt her.

He felt himself losing focus. Nothing else mattered to him other than getting Prudence back. How far would he go to get her back?

These were thoughts he'd never imagined thinking. What would he do to get her back? How much was he prepared to lose in order to have her safe by his side?

Nothing else mattered to him other than claiming her. The moment he saw her again James was never going to let her go.

"We're here, sir," Arthur said.

Without speaking, James released his seatbelt then made his way to her door. Veronica opened the door after the third bell. Her eyes widened, and he knew that she'd known something was amiss. Anger, rage, and unadulterated pain consumed him. He didn't know what happened. One moment he stared at Veronica, knowing in his heart she was responsible for Prudence's disappearance, and then in the next he had her pressed against the wall with his hand wrapped around her slim neck. Her husband, Daniel, was clawing at his arms where his fingers were wrapped around her neck. James wasn't hurting her. He applied only enough pressure to scare her.

"You know something, you little bitch. What do you know?" he asked, snarling in her face.

"Nothing." The words were hard to decipher with his grip around her neck.

"Let go of my wife," Daniel said.

Not breaking his hold around her neck James slammed his free fist into Daniel's face, which knocked him straight out. Veronica looked at him, startled, but he saw the knowledge in her eyes. She knew something, and she'd been the one to send Prudence to him with the pictures.

"Let go of me."

James released her neck but kept his fingers against her skin. He'd never been more pleased about not sleeping with a woman than he was in that instant.

He slammed the door closed then got right up close to her face. "I will f**king break you if you don't tell me what you know," he said.

"I don't know anything."

"Don't f**king lie to me!" James slammed her against the wall for added force. He no longer saw a woman in front of him but the enemy. Never in all of his life had he ever hurt a woman. Veronica, if she wasn't careful, would change his track record.

"I'm not lying to you. I've never lied to you. Why are you behaving like this? I've never known you to be this way." Her fingers clawed at his hands.

"They've got Prudence. The man in the picture you gave has taken her from me, and if I don't give them what they f**king want then she's dead, Veronica. Are you understanding me? Your sister will f**king die."

Tears sprang to her eyes. They were irritating to see. His hands were shaking. The last time he'd seen his woman had been in his office. How he'd love to go back in time and take her with him.

Shoving his emotions aside, James glared at the woman before him.

"You're going to tell me everything you know."

"I don't know anything."

****

Dane glanced at the woman huddled in the corner. Mary looked broken inside. The last time he'd seen her, her eyes had been pleading with him to love her. What had he done? He'd never wanted another woman to take her place. Thinking about Prudence at the mercy of the men he'd once worked for frightened him. All of this had come about because he was too much of a f**king coward. He should never have allowed Mary to be taken into the prostitution ring. He'd been working for Dominic Green in collecting women to sell. The women were selected for their looks and size and came from many different backgrounds. Dominic had branched out to the States, where he had gotten to know Lloyd Black. Both men exported women like products to be used for men's amusement. Because of this, the man in charge of the whole slavery ring had hired Daren Robinson to take Prudence. The only reason Prudence was taken was to guarantee James Castleden's cooperation in helping them find a file that would implicate Daren and Henry. Mary had simply lost her value to Daren and to Henry. Daren was well known for keeping his word. He'd promised to give him back Mary in exchange for money, but instead of the money, he'd taken Prudence.

Dane couldn't believe the mess he'd brought on himself and the men around him. James and his friends were great men and didn't deserve this kind of problem.

"I can't get in touch with James, but I've updated Sean. I think he's about to hit the bottle," Cadeon said. Lucas was currently looking down at the dead body of Jermaine, the barman at Ravage.

"We're going to need to shut Ravage," Stephen said, terminating his call.

"Who were you calling?" Cadeon asked.

"Ursula. I tell her everything. She's locked all the doors and grabbed the gun out of my safe. No man will take her without the risk of having his balls shot off." The pride in Stephen's voice cut through the tension in the room.

"We need to call the cops," Lucas said, staring at the body.

Dane couldn't look at the man on the floor. He'd been the one to try to strike a bargain.

"You're all fools. Do you really think you'll get that girl back?" Mary asked. The animosity on her face cut him to the core.

"I've already called the cops, and the agents on Dane's case are on their way. They're going to want to talk with all of us," Stephen said.

"James is going to be in a shit-load of trouble." Cadeon added to the stress with his words.

"We'd all do what he's done just to get the woman back." Lucas didn't turn around as he spoke.

Dane kept his gaze on Mary. She stared at everyone but him. He remembered a time when she had stared up at him with love in her eyes.

"I don't like this," Cadeon said. "I need to phone Violet and get her up to speed. She's pregnant."

He watched as Stephen walked over to the other man then tapped him on the back. "We understand if you decide to back out. I'm happy for you to take Violet and run."

From where he stood, Dane saw the desire on Cadeon's face to do exactly that.

"No, I'm not running. I'm going to see these f**kers brought down before I run away. Violet has run all of her life. I promised to protect her. I'm not getting her to run again."

An hour later Dane was in the back of the car of the two agents, Josiah Dewitt and Hubert Long. They were escorting him to a safe-house while Mary was taken to the hospital. Stephen, Cadeon, and Lucas were being taken in for questioning.

None of them mentioned James.

"Tell me Mary is going to be okay?" he asked the two men.

"You're going to tell us the truth of what happened tonight," Hubert said. "We're not some dumb rookies on the job, Dane. You'll tell us everything. We're here to help you and those blasted men. I'm sick and tired of being treated like this."

Dane bit his lip. "What do you want to know?"

"Where is James Castleden?" Josiah asked.

Several minutes later they pulled up outside of the safe-house. The small bungalow looked reserved and tasteless in a family estate. Dane climbed out feeling out of place. He followed the two men inside the house. To the outside world they looked like three friends, but Dane knew the difference. These men were out to catch a bunch of criminals, and he was just the means to an end.

They had their job to do while he needed to complete his job.

He sat down on the sofa as the two men completed their obligatory safety checks.

"What is happening with Mary?" he asked.

"We didn't give permission to allow you to trade, Dane. You're in deep shit with the Director, and he wants to throw your ass in jail." Josiah sat in front of him handing him a can of pop. Smirking at the immaturity of the action Dane threw the can in the trash.

"Could you stop treating me like a child?" He wanted to do some serious damage.

Dane saw the looks exchanged between the two men.

"What is it?" Dane asked. He hated the men before him but respected them as well. They weren't on the take or working for the bad guys. They were the good guys trying to catch the bad ones. He wanted to trust them and wished he could.

"We can't let you see Mary or know anything about her."

Running his fingers through his hair, Dane let out a sigh. "I saw that coming."

"Also, we know Daren Robinson has taken Prudence Star," Hubert said.

Dane froze. How did these men find out their shit? "How do you know this?" Dane asked.

"We're paid to know this, not to look pretty. Our job is catching these bastards. Talk, or we'll make life difficult for your friends."

He sat back looking between them. Both men looked calm and ready for action. Hubert and Josiah knew a hell of a lot more than Dane gave them credit for.

Hubert took the seat next to him. He handed a load of pictures showing Prudence and then several of the men from England. Mary was among the pictures. None of the images made sense to him.

"Daren Robinson, also known as Leo at the club Ravage, wanted something from James and Stephen. I want to be clear here, Dane. Prudence Star will be going up for auction. My guy close to Daren has confirmed the plans to sell her. No matter what James thinks he needs to do, the guys he's dealing with have their own path," Hubert said.

Dane stared down at each image. Prudence looked serene as she smiled up at James.

"You've been over this the whole time," Dane said.

"Do you really think we were that stupid to allow you to be babysat by those men? Lucas I'd allow, but the others have no other training. Yes, they're pretty decent men but not with dealing with this shit."

He threw the images beside Josiah. "If I agree to help you, you'll help us get Prudence back." Dane owed that to James. The older guy would go crazy without his woman. There was no stopping the man who owned Ravage. Prudence possessed James's heart and soul. He'd only settle with her back in his life.

Chapter Two

One day later

Endless ocean surrounded Prudence. Leo smiled at her as he took a chunk of fruit to his lips. Several men were dotted around the boat they were sailing on.

"So what is your name?" she asked, picking up a piece of fruit. She didn't see why she needed to starve when Leo had kidnapped her. The sun glared down, making her eyes hurt. The bruise would look hideous in the light. She lifted her fingers to touch the sore side of her face only to be startled by Leo grabbing her hand. He kissed her knuckles then placed her hand on the table.

"I wouldn't touch your face. I go by Daren. Leo was a nice touch. I liked Leo."

She nibbled on fruit while waiting for him to speak some more. Touching her throat she mourned the loss of James's necklace. The one token he'd given her Daren had taken away from her. She felt na**d and alone without the cross around her neck.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"England, that's where all the fun is. I wish it was somewhere more romantic, but my boss likes living in the miserable, cold, depressing country."

Daren's true accent really started to show through. Prue stared at him waiting for something else to jump out and spook her. The man before her was nothing like the man she knew.

Leo's not real.

Will he kill me?

James?

Sipping her juice, Prue took the time to gaze around her. The two men sat at the table were reading the paper. She took the time to memorize them.

When James finds you, he's going to need all the information he can get.

Stop being afraid and look at them!

Glancing at Daren she saw him staring at her.

"Go ahead, look, baby. Take in every detail of their faces. The more you know the less chance you have of getting out of here."

She didn't want to know how he knew what she was thinking. With a lump in her throat she did her best to swallow down the food.

When she finished, one of the guards escorted her to her room. They dumped her inside then locked the door.

Unable to stop her movements, Prue tested the door even though she heard the lock slide into place.

"Shit," she said.

After throwing her body against the door, Prue collapsed on the bed, exhausted, in pain, and downright f**king angry. She stared in front of her at the door. Her heart pounded as she waited for something else to happen.

She hated silence, and this was the worst thing, to feel trapped on a boat with a bunch of raving lunatics. Closing her eyes she counted to ten in an effort to calm her raging nerves.

"Everything is going to be fine," she said.

"It will be if you behave."

Opening her eyes she saw Daren standing in the doorway. In the split second Prue hadn't been paying attention, Leo had been able to get inside her room. She needed to stop thinking of him as Leo. He covered the door with his presence. She licked her lips and stood away from the bed. He laughed as she folded her arms over her chest.

"No offence, baby, but you don't do it for me. I'm not going to hurt you no matter how much the idea turns me on." His arms folded over his chest, and he stared at her. "To be honest, I don't want to have anything to do with you. My boss demanded that I take extreme measures to make sure James and his friends do as they're told."

At the mention of James she touched her chest. "Where is my necklace?"

He chuckled. She watched as he reached into his pocket then showed her the necklace with the cross. "This is what you're missing?"

She moved to snatch the necklace from him. He pulled it out of reach.

"You're not having it back," he said.

"What do you possibly get out this agreement?" she asked.

Daren stared at her for several moments without speaking. His gaze didn't roam her body, nor did he show any signs of attacking her. "You're too young to understand the world."

"I'm twenty-fucking-five, Daren. I'm sure I'm over the edge for a lot of people." The anger rose inside her at his words. "You've taken me away from James and my town. I think I deserve to know exactly what you want with me."

"Then I can tell you that I want f**k all from you. My boss may be a different way inclined."

Daren kept mentioning a boss, which only settled to put her on edge. If there was someone else out there worse than Daren then she never wanted to meet them.

"I'm more than happy to keep you confined to this room for the remainder of the journey to England, but I think the trip would drive you crazy. Be good, and I might let you out." Daren winked at her then closed the door locking it behind him.

Why had he visited her? Did he want to freak her out with his horrid words? She touched her neck, missing the comfort of James's necklace.

"Take deep breaths," she said. "Everything will be all right. James will fix everything, and this will be a bad dream."

She took several deep breaths to try to rid her mind of the panic so close to the surface. Her life had taken an unexpected turn. She didn't want to continue on this path. Prue wished she could open her eyes and be back in James's study without any fear or worry. He'd smile at her, and everything would be all right in the world.

Standing up in her small room, Prue moved toward the window. She wondered how long she'd be forced to remain on this boat. The thought of travelling to England held little excitement. She'd never wanted to visit England.

The hours passed. She didn't know how much time had passed before the lock was being turned in her door. Turning, she saw Daren stood with a plate of food.

"I thought I'd bring you something to eat. It is past seven and has been awhile since you ate."

He closed the door then took a seat on the bed.

"I thought you'd starve me," she said.

"I'd do no such thing, unless I'm told to."

"All you do is take orders?"

"No, most of the time I work alone. This, however, is a difficult matter, and I need every option open to me."

Prue stared at him confused. Why was he confiding in her?

"I brought you something," he said, going behind his back. She tensed waiting for something horrible to happen.

Her gaze searched his hands.

"I've come to help your face as it looks a little swollen." Daren patted the bed beside him.

Cautiously, Prue approached the bed waiting for him to lash out or do something she'd regret.

When he made no other move to touch her, she sat down on the firm mattress with her hands in her lap.

Daren placed the medical kit beside him on the bed then lifted up a piece of fruit. "You need to eat to keep your strength up." He pressed the fruit against her lips. She opened her mouth, accepting the food he offered.

"I can feed myself," she said.

He pushed the plate next to her. Slowly, she took bites of each delicious fruit and preserved meats on the tray. Her gaze never left his as she ate.

The man before her watched her, clearly waiting for something.

"Have you spoken to James again?" She recalled what happened during their last conversation. Her appetite vanished at the pain his hands could cause.

"No, I've no cause to speak with him. I imagine he's doing everything he can to find what I've asked him to. You're his woman, but I think this will be fun."

"How so?" she asked.

"The Owners have never been without their women. I'm paid to know everything about my competition, and I know all about their f**king possessive streak. Since learning more about them, I've often wondered what would happen when one of their women was taken away."

She gulped the orange juice.

"James will come and get me," she said. Prue needed for him to realise she wasn't going anywhere. She trusted James with her whole heart and soul. He'd never let anything happen to her.

"Prue, I have no doubt that he'll come to collect you. I think you should be more worried about where you'll be when he does."

Her heart stopped beating. There was no other way to describe the feelings vibrating inside her chest. "You promised I'd be safe if I was good." She couldn't bring herself to add "girl". The word sounded so immature.

"I know, but I didn't say anything about my boss." He leaned closer. His lips almost brushed against hers. "And he's a hard man to please. If he finds you lacking for him, he'll get rid of you. Now hold still."

His words stayed with her as he pressed something cool against her face. She stared past his shoulder wondering what the hell was going to happen to her. James would fight for her. She didn't doubt her man for a second. What she doubted was the time in which he'd come for her. Daren painted his boss in a bad light.

She wasn't at home anymore with her sister or parents. James's arms wouldn't be wrapped around her as she fell asleep. For all intents and purposes, she was alone in the world.

"What's your boss's name?" she asked. Prue had grown sick and tired of hearing him referred to as, "my boss", or "the boss". She wanted to know who was causing her so much trouble.

Daren let out a sigh. He stroked her bruised cheeks then stared into her eyes. "You're very pretty. I can see why James likes you." She tensed waiting for him to say something. He'd promised her she'd be fine. Part of her feared being raped by this man while another part did not because he'd kept his word for the most part.

"His name is Henry, and that is all you need to know." Daren placed two white pills in her palms. "Take this for the pain, and try and get some sleep. I'll come to you every morning and night. If you wish to walk on the deck or do something else, let me know first thing in the morning so I can arrange it." Daren grabbed her plate then turned to leave.

"You're not going to keep me locked away in this room?" she asked to his retreating back.

He turned. "No, that's not my intention." Daren continued to stare at her. "I want to be clear, Prue. I've never hurt a woman unless I've been forced to do so. I live by my own code. I do what Henry says, but other than that, I live like every other man."

"Why are you suddenly being so nice to me? I watched you shoot Jermaine and probably kill him." Prue pushed her hair off her face. Tears welled in her eyes as the gravity of her situation suddenly swamped her.

"Jermaine had a choice. You don't have a choice, and for that I'm sorry. I'm following orders, and you were the only way I saw them being filled." He opened the door then turned back to her. Daren watched her then closed the door. The lock clicked in place, making her flinch.

A chill settled in the room. Turning away from the door she stared out at the water. Her thoughts returned to James. What was he doing? Did he miss her?

Settling down on the bed, Prue closed her eyes wishing that she was still at home in the comfort of her bed. The swaying of the boat made her feel sick, but not half as sick as the knowing there was no chance of her surviving this ordeal the longer she was away from him.

Please, James. Come and get me.

Chapter Three

James ignored the ringing of his bell. He opened the safe inside the office at his father's old home. The house had been in his family for several generations, and he needed to find what Daren wanted. He no longer saw the other man as Leo, the guy who had worked for him. His life would be a lot easier if he only saw the enemy and not the friend he'd thought he was. He swigged down the strong whiskey he'd bought from the liquor store. The numbing quality of the alcohol was very much welcome.

The door continued to ring as he threw jewels and other pieces of meaningless paper over his head. None of the stuff in the safe would get him back his woman. He thought about emptying out all of his bank accounts and demanding they give her back with the millions of dollars he had. Money was no matter.

Daren, or more accurately, Daren's boss wanted some f**king piece of paper that he didn't have the first clue in finding. A piece of paper or a file that would implicate the boss man himself instead of him living a merry life away from all the shit.

Veronica had been f**king useless. She'd been ordered by a guy she didn't know and wouldn't recognise to give him the envelope. What was inside the envelope had been a mystery. When James showed her the pictures inside, she'd been clueless. To Veronica, Leo had been an employee and nothing else.

Swigging from the bottle, James moved onto the desk. His father was well known for loving secret compartments. Moving out of the room, James grabbed a hammer from the store cupboard that kept the cleaning supplies.

When he returned to the desk, he threw the computer along with the stationery to the floor. Next, he upended the table, then set about throwing the hammer onto the hard wood. The sounds he made echoed throughout the house. Pain unlike anything he'd ever felt consumed every part of him. He couldn't breathe past the suffocation he was feeling about losing Prudence. Nothing else existed for him other than his love for one woman.

"I'm going to find her." Reaching for the bottle of whisky, he took another large gulp before returning back to hammering the table.

The sound of splintering wood and crashing filled the air. James ignored the sound and continued his brutal assault on the wood.

"James, what are you doing?" Stephen asked.

Turning to the sound of his name, he saw Stephen standing with Lucas and Sean. Dane was nowhere in sight, nor was Cadeon.

"What are you three doing here?" Half a bottle of strong whisky and his speech wasn't even slurred."We handled the cops, and Dane is with the women. Cadeon has taken Violet away. His woman is in too delicate a condition to be part of this." Stephen's words made sense.

"I understand why Cadeon has run. They took Prudence. Why not take Violet?"

He raised the hammer above his head then smashed it against the desk. When the hammer wouldn't do what he wanted fast enough, James lowered the hammer and began using his strength to tear the desk apart.

"James, stop this," Lucas said. The other man approached the desk with his hands raised. "What are you doing?"

"Leo, f**k, Daren, needs a file. I need to give him that file, and then I get Prudence back. It's pretty f**king easy."

The three men looked between themselves then stared at him. Shrugging his shoulders, James went back to rummaging through the desk. The old wood was nothing but broken chunks and splinters by the time he was through with it.

"I've got more shit to tear apart," he said.

Brushing past the men he moved toward the pictures surrounding the walls. He'd never moved the other pictures. His father had shown him the one he'd torn apart with the jewels and a few property files inside.

"There is nothing here. I promised Prudence that I'd protect her. I can't even find a f**king file." He slammed the half empty bottle into the hearth then grabbed the nearest painting with two hands. James threw the painting to the floor. The expense of the art was lost on him with his anger at losing the only thing precious to him.

"James, you need to stop," Sean said.

"Why? You turned to the drink when your woman was gone. Fuck me, you turned to the bottle when she f**king turned back up." James went to the next picture.

"We need to stop him," Stephen said.

When he moved to destroy the third picture in the far corner of the room, James paused as he saw a safe imbedded in the wall.

"Are you seeing this?" he asked. Lifting his left hand in the air, he gestured for the three other men to move closer. Turning the picture around in his hands he saw the key on the other side. His father had never told him about this safe.

As he tried to grab the key his vision suddenly became blurred. "What ... the ... fuck ...?"

He turned to see Stephen holding a syringe.

"We shouldn't have used that crap," Lucas said, catching him in his arms.

"What did you want to do? Watch him lose sight of everything. He's losing his mind. Prudence is not here, and he's dying inside. I've never seen this happen before."

Lucas caught him before he hit the ground. James wanted to rant and rave at the three men. They had drugged him. He didn't know what with, but from the feel it was some kind of tranquiliser.

He heard what they were saying even though none of it made sense. Across his vision he saw Prudence with her beautiful dyed black hair with red lights underneath.

His Prudence.

His woman.

His very reason for existence.

James's eyes closed against his will.

Prudence!

****

Sun shone through the window. James opened one eye feeling the effects of the whisky he'd consumed the night before. He lay on the sofa inside his office. His head pounded against his skull. The pain felt like a bunch of small hammers were hitting against his head.

"I see you've decided to wake up," Stephen said.

James turned to the sound of his friend, who stood in the doorway nursing two cups of coffee. "What happened?"

Glancing around the room he saw the chaos around him.

"Lucas, Sean, and I have been monitoring you throughout the night."

"You stuck some drug in me." He touched the back of his neck feeling the tense muscles give against his touch. "Why?"

"You were out of control. You've completely torn apart your father's old desk. We didn't know how much the room could survive if you decided to attack anything that moved." Stephen moved closer into the room. He handed a cup to James then stood staring down at him.

"Do I need to be monitored like some virus under a microscope?" James asked, taking the coffee. He turned to see the safe imbedded in the wall. His father had never showed him that safe.

"We left everything the way it was before you passed out. You were merely given a sedative. James, you needed to sleep. What you were doing was out of control."

He listened to Stephen talk as the pain struck him once again. Prudence was gone, and he needed to get her back.

James opened his mouth ready to speak when the sound of his cell phone ringing interrupted him. Sean came charging through the room.

"It's him," he said, handing the cell phone to him. James stared down at the anonymous number. His hands shook as he accepted the call. Lucas stood at the door with his arms folded.

"Hello," James said.

"James, how are you doing, boss?" Daren laughed at his joke down the line.

"What do you want?" James tightened his fist around the cup of coffee. The handle snapped off, and hot coffee spilt everywhere. He cursed, standing.

"What's that I hear? If you're thinking of sweet talking me with those words then I'm very disappointed in you."

"I spilt coffee, all right." The chance of hearing Prudence's voice changed his attitude instantly. "Is Prudence there? Is she all right?"

A sigh came over the line. He wanted to slam his phone against the wall but held off the desire. Hearing Prudence's voice meant more to him than cutting this bastard off.

"She's sleeping right now. She looks so peaceful. I see why you love her. She looks ripe enough to pluck."

"Don't you f**king touch her," James said. The image of her perfect na**d body entered his head. He understood what Daren was saying. No man could resist those curves, at least he couldn't.

"You're in no position to order me, James. I'll do whatever the f**k I like to her." Some commotion came over the line. The sound of Daren cursing then more movement followed. "I was only calling to see if you'd found what I need. I'm not too far from being in England. Prue will love England. Well, she'll love what she gets to see."

"You promised," James said. "I'm looking for what you need. Keep Prudence safe and out of harm's way."

"I'm doing all I can. Hurry the f**k up. Otherwise you're going to wish you'd never met me." The line went dead.

"I already wish I never f**king met you." James glared down at his phone. He wanted to throw it, break it, or at the least do something to take out his aggression. The phone beeped letting him know he had a message.

He opened the message, and an image of Prudence asleep on a bed flashed on screen.

"You want her to live? Do as you're told!" The print along the bottom came into view.

James fisted his hands, turned towards the wall, and started hitting the brick wall with all of his might. He didn't stop even as his knuckles turned red from the wounds. Sean wrapped his arms around him halting the progress of his pain.

"Stop this. Killing yourself slowly is never going to win her back. You've got a chance to get Prudence back. You need to start focusing," Sean said.

Once he was back on the sofa again, James stared at the three men. Shame filled every pore of his being. Losing control was not on the list of things to do. His knuckles ached from hitting the wall.

Shaking his head, James tried to remember everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours.

"So, Cadeon has gone and taken his woman. Where is Dane?" James asked.

"He's at Possession with the two agents assigned to his case," Stephen said

James nodded. "What?"

"The two agents, Josiah Dewitt and Hubert Long, they're at Possession, and they need you there," Lucas said. "Dane is there with Isabella and Rebecca. Tate and Kevin are also keeping an eye on everything. They're checking through records of Leo, I mean, Daren Robinson."

"Let me guess, it doesn't look good?" James asked. He tore some of his shirt and pressed the fabric against his bruised knuckles. Hitting the wall no longer felt like a good idea. He was losing his mind the more he was away from Prudence.

"From what Kevin and Tate have been able to make out since his real identity has come to light, he's the right-hand man. The person the boss man turns to when he needs something done," Lucas said.

"Is Prudence safe? I mean, will he hurt her?" James pushed the tears down. Thinking of his woman alone with that animal tore him apart. No matter what he thought, Daren was a monster and would do whatever the hell he wanted to do.

Lucas turned to look at the other two men.

"We don't know," Sean said. "We don't know enough about this guy. Dominic Green was where it all started for us. This with Daren and whoever the boss is, goes back a lot longer than we anticipated."

James turned to look at the safe. "I'm wondering if Daddy knew a lot more than he let on."

Chapter Four

James placed his cup on the floor then stood up. He moved toward the safe wanting to know what secrets lay beneath the strong metal container. The picture against the wall stared up at him, mocking him. His father had never liked that artwork, but he'd been determined to keep it. Why?

Lifting the artwork in his hands, James turned it over to see a key taped to the top right hand corner.

"Secrets from within," he said. The words were written underneath the key.

"What do you think it means?" Stephen asked, standing beside him.

James grabbed the key then placed the image on the floor. "I've no idea, but I want to know what my father knew and was afraid to tell me." His father had shared everything with him. He placed the key into the lock, and the door sprang open revealing another metal box and several files. Frowning, James grabbed the small metal box that was in fact a small money safe. He handed the box to Stephen then pulled out the files.

James placed the files on top of the coffee table. Lucas and Sean had taken a seat on the sofa.

"What do you think this is?" Lucas asked.

"I've no idea. I've been through everything else he left me. I didn't even know he had a second safe."

"How could you not have known?" The question came from Sean.

"I didn't redesign this part of the house. I loved coming here and sitting with my father as he worked." James flipped open the file. An image of Lloyd Black filled the page. Flicking through the file he caught the odd word relating Lloyd back to prostitution among other things. One name kept popping up. "Have any of you heard of a Henry Warren?"

He looked up to see confusion on the other men's faces.

"We need to take this back to Possession," Stephen said. He lifted the box then started closing the files.

"You're going to trust two agents who are probably working for Daren?" James asked.

"Are you paranoid as well? They're here to make sure Dane does his part of the deal. I don't know about you, but I want this finished. I'm tired of looking over my shoulder. Between Dominic Green, Lloyd and Eugene Black, and now Daren Robinson, I've had enough. Ursula is soon to be my wife, and yet I can't offer her the protection she deserves with these men threatening to take everything away from me," Stephen said. "I'm pretty f**king desperate, and these men know what they're talking about."

James stared at his longest friend before turning to see Sean and Lucas nodding in agreement. Both men had served their country in the forces. They had military training, knowledge, and the means of helping him.

"Do you trust these two agents?" he asked.

"I wouldn't trust anyone else. They were after Dominic like I was, James. I wouldn't let anything happen to your woman," Lucas said.

Nodding, James followed the three men out of the house. He locked the door even though he wasn't scared of anyone breaking in. The files were locked in his arms. He wasn't letting them go. They were his lifeline to getting Prudence back. Time was fading fast, and he didn't know how much longer Prudence had left.

She would be in England, and when he had everything he needed, he'd make the trade.

Stephen's car pulled out of the driveway. After his own driver, Arthur, saw him home the night before, James ordered the man to stay away. Whatever mess he was in, he didn't want anyone else getting hurt.

"What happened with Jermaine?" he asked. He'd abandoned his friends to go to Veronica.

"His body was taken to the local morgue. He's being released to his family, and then a date will be set for burial," Lucas said.

"We were all taken away for questioning. Josiah and Hubert dealt with the cops and got us released. They promised to keep an eye on us as long as we give them the details of what's happening," Stephen said.

"I want money sent to Jermaine's family. He didn't deserve to die like that. His family will be provided for and his burial paid." James stared out of the window. His reflection shocked him. There were several greys hairs mixed with his black. Running his fingers through it, he saw the wrinkles around his eyes. From the image staring back at him it looked like he'd aged overnight.

"I'll sort something out with Jermaine," Stephen said.

Turning away from his reflection, James stared over Sean's shoulder. Possession came into view. The sunlight made everything look beautiful even though he knew the club would be empty. There was no press surrounding the grounds. Lucas pressed in the security code that opened the gates.

"No press?" James asked.

"They disappeared. I'm hoping to never see them again. They were irritating as f**k." James chuckled. The sound seemed forced even to his ears. Staring up at the house where Possession was located filled James with deep regret. He'd been here when he should have been protecting Prudence.

Lucas and Sean left the car. Stephen remained. "I know this place is hard for you."

"You've no idea. I was in that f**king place when I should have been helping her. She's gone because of me."

"And she'll survive because of you. You need to come inside. All of us need to end this once and for all."

Stephen opened the door taking the metal tin with him. James felt a lump in his throat as he climbed out. He didn't know how he was going to survive standing in that place.

What about Ravage? That was where she was taken.

He cut off the thought.

You need to be strong, James. She'll be safe as long as you do as he commands.

The Dom inside him rebelled against being told what to do. He was the one who made the rules. Men abided by what he told them to do. No one else told him what to do. Opening the door, he climbed out then followed his friends inside the house. Biting down on his lips, James did everything he could to contain the rage inside him.

They were all seated at the bar area. Isabella and Rebecca looked terrified and yet firm.

He recognised the two agents who stood to greet him. Ignoring their hands he straddled a chair.

"I'm pleased you could join us," Josiah said.

"I'm not here because I want to be."

"No, you're here because of Daren Robinson and this." Josiah pulled out a small recorder and pressed a button. Daren's voice came over the line followed by Prudence's screams.

"Don't hurt her. I'll do anything just don't hurt her." That was him speaking. The memory of his pleading was still raw in his mind. James didn't say a word as he listened to everything spoken.

"Good. Now, I've simply made an exchange. Dane and Mary will bring you up to speed. I was going to take the money, but I think Prue will get me what I want. He asked for Mary's safe return. I prefer to make an exchange, and I knew the Feds would be following him. Prue is simply a means to an end."

"I will pay anything."

"Your money is shit, James. I've got more than enough money to last me a life time. What I want is all the evidence."

"What?"

"You have evidence that can be used. You will come to England, alone, and we'll make the exchange. Prue for the file I'm looking for."

"How do I call you? I want to make sure she is okay." Again, his pleading filled the air.

"Prue will be well looked after, James. I suggest you hurry. I'll give you a month. If I don't get my file in the next month, Prue goes up for auction, and she'll be lost."

James turned to the men in the room. The tape recording was clearly of the conversation he'd had with Daren.

"How do you have that?" he asked.

"You'll be surprised what we do have on Daren Robinson as well as his boss. We've kept a very good eye on him, and you don't want to know how we got this recording."

Josiah placed the recorder back in his pocket. James saw red. Before he could stop his actions, he jumped over the table and wrapped his hands around the man's throat. "If you've been watching that f**king bastard and the piece of shit he works for then why did you let Prudence be taken? She's my woman. She's a f**king innocent. Tell me, why?" His voice rose until he was shouting in the other man's face.

His partner, Hubert, tackled him to the floor. James went willingly. His actions were unpredictable. He was starting to fear what he'd actually do to someone if left alone with them.

You need Prudence.

James knew what he needed, but he wasn't getting her any time soon.

The two agents cleared their throats. James got off the floor holding his arms out in front of him. "Are you going to arrest me?" he asked, not caring about the answer.

"Will you f**king stop it," Lucas said.

Kevin and Tate walked into the room at that moment.

The two agents sat down after James took his seat. His body shook with the need to do violence. He'd never been a man to viciously react. The only explanation he could come up with was not having Prudence in his life.

"We're not going to bring the cops. We've got a whole unit working on this case. We don't want to bring the undercover agents forward. Their cover is imperative to this investigation," Hubert said. "We understand why you're reacting like this. To be honest, we never anticipated Daren doing this. Henry Warren gave the order for Prudence before our men could update us. We'd never allow an innocent in the field and especially not who isn't an agent. They had us unprepared for that move."

They all cleared their throats trying to cut through the tension. They were all in the room. Ursula joined Stephen as Tate and Kevin took their seats. The only people missing were Prudence, Cadeon, and Violet. Their loss hit James straight in the chest.

"We know what Daren wants and what his boss needs. Henry Warren has become sloppy. The man took over from his father over five years ago, and since then he's been leaving us little breadcrumbs to follow. This latest problem will link him to Dominic Green and Lloyd Black and be the catalyst we need to take him down," Josiah said. His voice sounded scratchy.

When Prudence was in his arms, James could care about what he did to the man before him. Until then, he didn't give a shit whom he hurt.

"Are you telling me, a f**king file is all it will take to put this f**ker away?" Kevin asked.

Rebecca whimpered. James saw the pain on her face. There was a lot going on, a lot he didn't understand.

The two agents exchanged glances.

"For f**k's sake, tell them," Lucas said.

"Rebecca and Isabella have agreed to give their statements. Witness statements count for a lot. My contact has said Mary will also testify. She saw Henry Warren with her own eyes. Her witness testimony could be the key we need."

James frowned then flicked open the file. "Henry Warren." He repeated the name until he found it. "My father has his signature linking him with Lloyd Black. I don't understand."

The two agents stared at Lucas, who then nodded. What the f**k did Lucas know?

"Your mother and father were killed by Henry Warren. We have evidence linking a payment of execution. Your parents were killed by Daren Robinson and made to look like an accident."

"This just keeps getting better and better." James hung his head between his knees. He felt sick to his stomach. Prudence taken and his parents murdered. It was too much.

"Then here is the good news," Lucas said. "That file you found in the safe, James. That's the file Daren wants."

He lifted his head staring at the other man. "How do you know?"

"Because your father was in contact with the Feds before he died. He saw what was happening at Possession and at Ravage. His evidence and words are what we've been working on. When he died the case went cold, but everyone was still waiting for them to slip up. Henry's father slipped up, and so has Henry. Together, we can get Prudence back and put an end to their shit for good."

For the first time in the last forty-eight hours, James started to feel a little better.

Chapter Five

Prue had gone from being locked in a room on a boat to being locked in a room in a gorgeous house. She'd seen the house in a passing glance before she was escorted to her room. The windows had bars across, and she felt more like a prisoner than she had on the boat. She couldn't detect any sounds either. Prue never heard when someone was close by or waiting outside her door. The only person she'd seen was a woman in a plain white robe who delivered her meals.

She'd not seen Daren since she arrived at the house. He threatened to kill her if she caused too much of a fuss. The woman ignored her as she delivered her breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

Boredom was her biggest problem. There was nothing for her to do except stare through the bars trying to find some landmark or location of where they were.

She'd slept enough to last for one lifetime. The days passed, and she didn't know how long she'd stayed at the house.

The door opened, and the girl who served her dinner came inside. Prue saw the man waiting outside. He openly stared at her. The girl looked more frightened than normal. She called her a girl, but she had to be in her early twenties.

"Morning or is it afternoon?" Prue asked. Like so many times before the girl didn't answer. "Should I ask you what time it is or what f**king day it is?" She stared at the guy waiting for the girl to finish.

Her dinner at the table, Prue approached. The girl looked up startled, and she saw the shiner under her left eye. From the looks of it, the girl had been either punched or slapped hard in the eye.

Wincing, Prue reached out, touching her. The girl yelped jumping backwards. Prue's bruises had lessened, and the ache they used to cause was gone.

"Release her," the man said. He walked into the room and grabbed the girl harshly by the arm, pulling her backwards.

"Let her go." Prue charged at the man. She hated him instantly.

Before she could do anything the door was closed and locked. No sounds came through the door. Her heart pounded inside her chest.

"You f**king cruel bastards. Keep your hands off her." She slammed her palm against the wood, wishing with all of her heart it was the man's face. The food on the table held no appeal.

Growling with frustration, Prue paced the room. She wished with all of her heart she was back on the boat. Charging into the bathroom she stared at her reflection in the mirror. The bruises against the side of her face were slowly fading. They looked worse than they actually felt.

She took a deep breath. "I'm Prudence Star. I'm twenty-five years old, and I'm in love with James Castleden. I've got an older sister, Veronica, and she's married with children. I used to work for Cadeon Ashwood but then worked for James at his club Ravage." She closed her eyes as tears began to fall. Being alone in the room was driving her crazy. Standing in front of the mirror staring at her reflection and speaking the facts of her life helped her to focus and remember who she was. "Ravage is a night club that has a BDSM club in the basement or the dungeon. James is an experienced Dom and a member of Possession." She sobbed the words now. "Possession is a club for men who feel possessive about their women." Rubbing her temple she let another sob break free.

Staring at her reflection she watched the tears begin to fall. "James is known as being an Owner. He will come and get me. He will come and get me."

"You've resorted to talking to yourself in the mirror?"

Prue turned to see Daren leaning against the doorframe. She folded her arms taking an involuntary step back. He chuckled.

"What do you want?"

"I thought you'd miss me."

She stared at him refusing to say a word.

"You've upset Cindy."

When she didn't say anything else Daren chuckled. "Cindy is the girl who has been delivering your food. You shouldn't try to talk to them. The women here are ... not useful."

Folding her arms over her chest, Prue glared at him.

"What do you want?" she asked after some time had passed.

"I want a great many things, but the boss wants to see you now. You've caused enough fuss for him to want to meet the woman James Castleden wants."

James has nothing to do with these people. They're scaring you into thinking they know him for far more.

When she showed no signs of moving, Daren grabbed her arm then pulled her out of the room. The guy at the door sneered at her as she passed. Prue followed Daren's rushed steps. He tugged her down three flights of stairs then through three rooms until she was pushed into a dining room.

Daren pulled her until she stood at the side. Three men were eating at the table. The man at the head of the table had slicked back hair that looked greasy to her. He stared at her. His gaze was cold as he looked at her.

"She's old," he said.

I'm twenty-fucking-five, you pig.

Prue held her tongue even though she wanted to scratch his eyes out.

The other two men leered at her. "I'm not one for young bitches. I'm happy with a nice, willing one. I bet her cunt has been tested a time or two."

The man who spoke disgusted her.

"She's not for sale," Daren said. "This is James's girl."

"You're the one that has my Cindy in hysterics."

Glaring at the man before her, Prue couldn't hold her tongue. "You're the disgusting excuse of a man that gave her that shiner? No wonder you needed to hit her. You're a poor excuse for a man."

The silence following her words was deafening. The other two men looked at her as if she was some kind of alien.

They've not had a woman speak out at them.

Be careful, Prue.

The man at the table looked at Daren. After a sigh Daren raised his hand and slapped her hard. She fell to the floor clutching her cheek. Prue was determined not to whimper or cry out. These men were animals, and she needed to stay strong.

James is coming for me. Hold on until James comes.

"I know you're not accustomed to our ways, Prudence, but you'll f**king learn to do as you're told, or there will be consequences. I have no problems killing you or giving you to a few of my business associates."

He flicked his hand at her. Daren pulled her by the arm leading her upstairs.

Neither of them spoke as he closed the door behind him. Holding her face, she stared at him in the room she'd been staying.

He moved closer, and she took a step back. Daren kept advancing in the room until she fell to the bed. He held her hand away from her face turning her this way and that. "You won't bruise."

Releasing her, he stalked to the door.

"Why are you even pretending to care? What is with you checking me after you hit me?" she asked.

With his hands in his pockets, Daren turned to face her. "Regardless of what you think, I don't like hitting women. Yes, I've hurt you, but now that James is working on getting it, I don't see a need to continue hurting you. You hurt Henry's pride down there. If you want to get back home then I suggest you hold your tongue."

Daren left her slamming the door behind him. She watched him go feeling confused. He didn't like hitting women? Daren was the one responsible for her bruises.

It was a trick. Daren was giving her a false sense of comfort. He worked for Henry, no one else.

She curled up on the bed. Cindy came to take her food. The woman glanced at her as she lay on the bed. The bruise on the other woman's face had turned into a split lip.

"Thank you for bringing me food, Cindy," she said.

The girl gasped and quickly left the room. Wrapping the blankets around her, Prue thought about James. She wondered what he was doing.

You need to stay strong. Don't give in to their demands or what they threaten.

Tears leaked out of her eyes, but she didn't sob or cry out. No matter how much she wished differently, Prue needed to resign herself to her fate.

The hours passed as she lay on the bed. She didn't know what time it was when the door opened.

Henry, the man from the head of the table, stood staring at her.

She wanted to run away and hide. Instead, Prue lay there on the bed pretending his presence didn't have any effect on her whatsoever. He looked shocked by her lack of response.

He closed the door then made his way over to the bed. She resisted moving away as he sat down.

"You're a lot different from other women," he said.

"Why? Because I'm American, or because I refuse to be scared of you?"

He chuckled. "You're scared of me. I see it in your eyes. That doesn't matter to me. Continue to be afraid." Henry reached out to stroke her face.

Prue tensed. His touch repulsed her. The slicked back hair really made her feel sick to her stomach. Everything else about him sickened her. His arms were covered in tattoos, and those very arms were thick. She guessed he'd killed people with his bare hands.

"Don't touch me," she said.

Henry chuckled and still caressed her cheek. She grabbed his hands stalling his movements.

"I belong to James. Everything I am is his."

"Do you really think that means anything here? You're staying in my house, eating my food, and I demand payment." He pulled his hand away then made to touch her more intimately.

Prue jerked away pulling herself out of the bed. "You can think I owe you for that shit, but I'd rather scrub your f**king floors than have you touch me."

She tensed waiting for him to hit her.

He raised his palm to strike her. Before she could stop herself she broke the distance between them. Grabbing his face between her palms she glared at him. "If you think to harm me then do so, but I don't think Daren has told you the consequences of doing so. James Castleden is not just a rich, pampered boy. He likes nice things, and he's strong. I belong to him. Daren took his token that I wore around my neck. If you harm me then James will kill you."

Henry chuckled. "Little girl, I've got far more dangerous weapons than money."

"Laugh, but he's part of The Owners, and they have power in high places. If you really think it will be easy to get away with what you've done, then go ahead. Hit me. Do your worst, but I swear, you'll live to regret doing what you've done. You heard of Dominic Green? Lloyd and Eugene Black? Think about what happened to them. They went against The Owners and threatened their women. One is rotting in jail while the others are rotting in their graves."

James had told her everything about the men who'd tried to take everything away. She didn't know how much she was saying was true. James was a powerful man, and he was the type of man to get everything at his disposal to get back what was his.

You're his woman, and he will come and get you.

Henry growled then left the room.

Prue wasn't under any illusions that she'd won anything. In fact, she'd probably just caused herself more of a problem.

She resisted the urge to beg for James to come and get her.

Chapter Six

For the past week James had done nothing but listen to what Josiah and Hubert had to say. They had a shit-load of evidence already but nothing concrete that could take Henry out of the equation for life. If they acted too quickly then they risked Prudence's life. James had told them that no matter what they didn't put her life at risk. The file his father had kept in his safe had been the file that should have gone to the Feds.

His father never got the chance to tell him what he'd planned to do. James was still in shock by the fact his father knew what was happening inside their own clubs.

Hubert explained that they felt his and Stephen's parents' deaths were no accident. Exhuming the bodies now wouldn't do anything but raise suspicion. They didn't know how far Henry's influence ran.

All of them had been staying at Possession working out the best course of action. Daren hadn't called, and that worried James. He'd not heard Prudence's voice. The one single photograph on his phone was all he had to go on to know she was all right.

Kevin and Tate were accessing security cameras from England. It was amazing what CCTV could do for people like them. With the right code, they could hack into the system or in their case, ask for permission from the force to see if they could find footage of Daren.

Rebecca sat next to him as all of them went about their business organising the trip that would get his woman back.

"Are you missing her?" Rebecca asked.

He turned to her, shocked she'd spoken to him. "What?"

"Prudence? Are you missing her?"

James nodded. Voicing his feelings was harder than anything he'd ever anticipated. Her gaze remained on Tate and Kevin. Both men were trawling footage or trying to find something that would help them locate Prudence without having to give evidence away. Dane sat with the two agents going through everything he knew about Dominic Green and the organisation he used to work for. Mary had left the hospital but tried to stay as far away from Dane as possible. James had witnessed the interaction between the two. Part of him hurt for the guy while another part of him felt Dane deserved the treatment he was getting.

"I miss her," James said. He was dying without her. Every waking moment his thoughts were possessed by her.

He pressed the glass filled with whisky to his lips and took a long, leisurely swallow. Coffee held little appeal to him, and he needed the numbing quality of alcohol.

"Lloyd was never like this. He didn't care who he passed me around to." Rebecca had been married to Lloyd Black, who used to work with Dominic Green, and Dominic was a criminal who used to sell women and girls. James finished the whisky then placed his glass on the table.

There was no staff around to serve him. "Lloyd was a f**king ass**le," James said.

"I know that now."

"Why didn't you ever say anything about the way he was treating you?" James asked. His temper got the better of him. Up until recently Rebecca had suffered with agoraphobia and refused to leave her home. From the moment she was attacked in her home, her fear of going back there had far outweighed the fear of moving around outside.

"There were days he was nice." Her gaze returned to Tate and Kevin, the two men who wanted to claim her. James had kept himself in the loop for a good while before the press invaded his privacy, taking away everything that was sacred to him.

"Did he threaten to tear them apart?" he asked, pointing in Kevin and Tate's direction.

She nodded. "Something like that. He knew he couldn't use them the way he did other men. Back then, Lloyd knew they were different. He took everything I loved away. I couldn't risk them, even then I couldn't. Lloyd stayed away from them. Looking back, I know he had far too much to lose if he tried to blackmail Kevin and Tate."

Tears shone in her eyes.

James stood, grabbing his drink. "I knew Prudence when she was eighteen." He smiled recalling her beauty and the way she'd made him feel. "I was dating her sister but had more in common with Prudence than I did her sister. I wasted those years because of my age and who I am. If I was you, I wouldn't go around wasting your years without them. Kevin and Tate wanted you. I suggest when all this shit is over, you allow yourself to feel."

He made to move away. Rebecca grabbed his arm, stopping him in his tracks. He stared at where she touched him then at her face.

She let him go. "I'm sorry. I don't think they'll want anything to do with me." Rebecca stared around him to gaze at her men.

Sitting back down, James kissed her knuckles. "They'll forgive whatever they find out. This possessive feeling inside us doesn't go away." He swallowed past the lump that had formed in his throat. "When I get Prudence back, no matter what is done to her, I'll do everything in my power to win her back." He prayed they didn't lay a finger on her. James couldn't bear the thought of her being hurt, tortured, or, heaven forbid, raped. The image entered his mind of her beautiful smiling face. No one should want to hurt her.

"We'll get her back."

Rebecca tapped his hand trying to offer him comfort. James didn't give in to it.

"I need a drink." He let her go, moving toward the bar. Stephen sat at the bar, speaking to someone on the phone.

"I told you, Ursula, this is for your own f**king safety. You can bitch and moan at me all you want." Stephen slammed his palm against the table. "Won't you see reason?"

James poured whisky into his glass then poured a glass for his friend. The other guy looked like he needed it.

"No, Ursula, don't you dare hang up-" His friend held the phone away from his ear looking shocked.

"I guess your woman doesn't like being told what to do."

"I've sent her to be with Cadeon and Violet. I don't like her being here. Why can't she see it's for her own safety that I do this?" Stephen downed his glass in one.

"What else did she say?" James asked.

"That if I don't want her close by when I'm in danger then I don't want to marry her."

"She'll come 'round."

He patted Stephen on the back then made his way up to the room where he was staying. His club was off limits as forensics and the police had claimed it for the murder investigation of Jermaine.

Thinking about the death of his barman made James pause in his movements toward his room.

"Are you okay?" Dane asked, stepping out of the shadows.

"I thought you were talking with your two best buds." James moved past the younger man to get to his room.

"They're trying to help, but I needed to be straight with you," Dane said.

Staring past Dane's shoulder, he nudged his head in the direction of his room. James opened the door and waited for Dane to enter. The room was small and didn't have any memories of Prudence. When he needed to rest, James came here. It was the only place she didn't plague his thoughts with happy memories. When he sat in this room, he could think of how best to get her back.

"Take a seat."

James moved to the window overlooking the grounds. Possession was located in an ideal spot. The land surrounding the club was beautiful with many varieties of trees and bushes along the edge of the property. The garden looked amazing in spring and summer.

"Josiah and Hubert are not trying to save Prudence," Dane said.

He turned to the other man. "What?" As far as James was concerned the only reason Prudence was taken in the first place was because of Dane and his stupid transaction for another woman. James knew Daren's motives. Daren's employer wanted that file James had found in his father's stash. Mary was no use in blackmailing James, but Prudence was; so Dane had seized the opportunity to get back the woman he loved. James didn't understand what Dane wanted from him. Dane had gotten Mary back, so what more did the man want?

Dane ran his fingers through his hair. He looked unsettled and out of sorts. "Their main concern is to get Henry and take Daren Robinson with him. They've been trying to crack this ring since they started working on it over ten years ago. They promised to help save Prudence, but I don't think they will."

"Why are you telling me this?"

"I made a promise to stop Dominic's operation. I want the end of the human trafficking. Getting Mary out was the only thing holding me back. I never expected Prudence to get taken. I thought if I got enough money then they'd give Mary to me. I'm a f**king fool I know, but I had to give it a shot. I know what it's like losing the woman you love. I can't let another woman get lost because of me. I'm doing this for Prudence."

James's grip tightened around the glass. They promised to keep Prudence safe. They'd told him to trust them. "What are you trying to say?" James asked.

Dane stood up handing him a piece of paper. "Prudence has been put up for auction. Henry doesn't care how he gets the file, and he was never going to give you back your woman."

James took the piece of paper. The words on the paper were a description of his woman being put for sale. "No, this is not possible. They gave me the month." His chest felt tight with the constriction of air.

"What Daren said was a ploy. Prudence will go up for sale, and there's no way of getting her back," Dane said.

Red covered his vision. James dropped the glass in his hands and grabbed Dane. He didn't care anymore. Slamming Dane against the wall, James tightened his hold around Dane's neck. He squeezed the flesh until the man started to turn red then blue from lack of air.

"I helped get you out of that shit, and because of you the woman I love is going to be sold. I swear to you, Dane, if she's taken by anyone then you'll have to answer to me."

Josiah and Hubert pulled him off Dane. The other man fell to the floor gasping for air. Why was everyone stopping him?

"Get the f**k off me." He tugged out of the two agents grip then pointed his finger at each of them. "I trusted you to keep her safe, and you're using her to get what you want."

The other men and women ran to the door to see the commotion.

"She's just one woman," Josiah said.

"And she's the one woman that guarantees you don't get my help." James pushed past them, moving as fast as he could out of the house. He ignored the calls for him to come back. Starting the car, James pulled out of Possession without looking back. He felt happier being on his own.

He drove all the way to a safe motel. Once he paid for his room, he made his way out to the car. He froze when he saw Lucas leaning against the car.

"What are you doing here?" James asked.

"I figured you'd need a lot more help to get you to England and getting your girl." Lucas held up the file that James had given to the two agents. James hated that file. He'd read through every document. His father had kept track of Lloyd Black, Daren Robinson, and Henry Warren. He'd known something was going on with missing girls, and he'd investigated, listening in on conversations and copying paperwork from Lloyd Black. The file contained information on the set up of trafficking women with signed agreements and checks made out to Lloyd. Henry's signature was in there, along with photographs detailing meetings. How his father had managed to obtain all the information scared the shit out of James. His father believed in fairness, and when he'd seen a woman being taken, he'd done everything in his power to bring down the men who used the clubs as a means of exporting women. He'd gone as far as to start investigating. There was information on a private investigator taking pictures. His father was doing everything in his power to stop Lloyd and Henry. "While they were busy calming everyone down, I took this and followed you."

"Why would you do that?"

Lucas glanced around him. "I think this conversation is needed in the privacy of your room."

James went to his room then waited for Lucas to enter. It was light out, but with the curtains drawn the room was in darkness. He flicked the switch to turn the light on inside the room. One full sized bed dominated the room.

The other man moved to sit down. "I'm not letting you do this alone," Lucas said.

"This isn't your problem, Lucas. They have Prudence, and I'm not settling until I've got her safe in my arms."

Lucas chuckled. "You know, I've not had an easy life. Most of my time I spent it rebelling against my mother or joining the Marines or some shit. I've been in battle, James. I know what it feels like to take a life. The only person I've ever cared about in this world is Isabella, my sister." Lucas stopped to run a hand over his face. "She was taken by Eugene and Dominic. Both of those men were working for Henry Warren. I want him out of the equation. I don't want those f**k-heads to take him in for questioning and put him in a high security prison. I want his head."

James listened to the other man shocked by the anger in his voice. "What do you suggest?"

"You've got the money, and I've got the means to get us to England. I can help you. I was after Dominic Green far longer than people realise. I know where everything goes down."

"What do you want from me?" James asked.

"The guarantee that when the time comes, you leave Henry to me. He and I have got a long conversation that is overdue."

James sighed. When he left Possession he never expected this. He couldn't go after Prudence alone. Lucas had training and the skill to get what he wanted.

"What do you say?" Lucas asked. The other man stood and offered his hand.

"If you do what you suggest, you could risk putting yourself away," James said.

"Then I'd happily go because that's where Lloyd Black will be. They hurt my little sister, and I'm tired of seeing her hurt. I'd rather kill every single bastard responsible and go to jail than have to sit watching her broken."

James knew in his heart he should refuse. Instead, he found himself grabbing Lucas's hand and shaking it.

"Then where do you suggest we start?" James asked.

"I think we go and see old man Lloyd. He's been far too cosy locked up in his cell. I think it's time we pay him a visit."

Chapter Seven

Prue winced as she pressed the cold cloth to her cheek. Her face had certainly seen better days. Being locked up in a room twenty-four seven had lost its appeal, fast. Henry's constant visits scared her. Each time he tried to get her to agree to something, and his endless touching repulsed her. Cindy continued to bring her food three times a day. She didn't know how many days had passed since her captivity, and she'd not seen Daren to ask.

There was no way she'd ask Henry for anything. She despised that bastard and hoped he died a long, painful death, where she wished his c**k was severed from his body without anything to numb the pain. Henry also seemed to like hitting her. Without her expecting it, he'd lash out and hit her.

Staring at her reflection in the mirror, she pressed a finger to the new bruise forming under her eye. Her hair caught her attention. When she was home she kept the colour from fading by attending regular appointments. She usually had brown hair, and she saw the brown appearing at her roots. For some reason seeing the brown of her roots upset her more than the bruises.

Taking a deep breath she forced the tears down. Crying wouldn't solve any of her problems. The sound of the door opening scared her. She peeked around the corner to see Cindy sitting at the table. There was no scent of food, but the woman was placing polish amongst other things on the table.

"What are you doing?" Prue asked.

Cindy jumped. She stood pressing a hand to her throat. There was another bruise on the side of her face, and the movement of her grabbing her throat exposed the length of her arms. Her wrists were red and looked like they'd been rubbed raw. The door was closed. Prue moved closer pulling her hand so she could see where the marks had come from. "What are these?" she asked.

The other woman pulled her hand away, covering the wounds with the long white dress she wore.

"They're nothing. I've been told to do your nails."

Prue glanced down at her fingers. Her nails were longer than she usually had them with dirt underneath.

"They're not sending in a man to watch?" Prue asked.

"I've been told to shout if you make it difficult." Cindy aligned all of the nail equipment. Prue had never been one to get her nails done. She liked decorating her hair but nothing else. Staring at the other woman, Prue realised she could get quite a bit of information out of her.

"Your name is Cindy?" she asked.

"That's what I'm called."

"Then what is your real name?" Prue felt her pause as Cindy took her name.

She didn't think the other woman was going to answer. "Melanie." The other woman whispered the name quietly. "That's what I used to be called. I'm not allowed to speak my name though. I'm not even supposed to remember it because that life is gone, and I'm happy for the life I have now."

Tears sprang to Prue's eyes at the hopeless sound of the other woman's words.

"How old are you?" Prue asked.

"I'm twenty-one. I was taken at eighteen and trained by Henry to serve him. He likes having a selection of his own girls for his pleasure."

Prue couldn't stop the shuddering at the thought of that bastard touching anyone.

"Don't be scared for me. I'd rather be Henry's property than the women he gives to anyone." Cindy paused as she started cleaning under Prue's nails.

"What's the matter?" Prue asked.

"Nothing."

"Do you like it here?"

Cindy kept working silently.

"You don't want to say." Prue nodded. "I imagine if you had a choice you'd prefer to go back to your real life?"

The other woman stared at her. "What are you trying to do?" Cindy asked.

"I'm trying to understand. I was taken against my will, and now I'm here, and I'm frightened. The only person who comes and sees me is that ass**le, and I-"

"Is this some kind of trick?" Cindy looked around her. "Is Henry upset with me and wants me to prove my loyalty?"

Prue frowned. She saw the panic on Cindy's face. "No, do you seriously think I'd agree to something like that? Stop making this all about you," Prue said. Her words were cruel, but she needed the other woman to stop talking.

Cindy stared at her for several moments before taking a seat. "You're not here as a test?"

"No. Look at me." Prue pointed at her face. "I've never been hit by a man, ever!"

"You still have your attitude, and it won't be long until that is taken from you."

Her hand was grabbed again. She sat and watched as Cindy continued to clean her hands. "Do you really want to stay here?" Prue asked.

"No, I don't." The words came out quietly.

"Do you know what's going to happen to me?"

This woman could be her friend. Cindy was the only one who'd been inside her room beside Henry and Daren. Prue saw the fire behind her eyes and the determination as well. No matter what Cindy or Henry said, this woman before her still craved her freedom.

"I've heard them talking about an auction."

Prue grasped the other woman's hands. "Please, there is a man looking for me. A powerful, rich man, and he'll protect us both. I need you to see if you can find out what is going on outside. I've not got the means or ways of seeing it done," she said.

The hands she held tugged, and Prue let her go.

"I'll see what I can do. Please, stop angering him." Cindy went back to cleaning her hands.

Prue didn't know how much time passed as Cindy sorted her nails. No more conversation took place. Cindy didn't even look at her. When her bedroom door opened, Prue looked in the direction to find Henry stood staring at them.

Her heart hammered inside her chest. Fear gripped her at his presence. The door closed, and he stood behind Cindy as she worked. His hands settled on the other woman's shoulders. She didn't know how Cindy didn't react to his touch. The sight of his hands on another woman made Prue shiver with disgust. She really despised the man before her. When he leaned down to kiss Cindy's temple Prue thought she'd thrown up in her mouth.

Prue wasn't a stupid woman, and she saw through Henry's act. He was giving the woman a loving gesture so that when he hurt her, Cindy would think it was something she'd done rather than Henry was just an abusive bastard. Prue had taken psychology in college. Admittedly she'd not aced the subject, but she knew enough to pass. When Cindy finished, Henry ordered her to fetch some food. The door closed, and Henry took the seat that Cindy had occupied.

Blowing on her nails Prue waited for what he had to say. His visits were always unpleasant, and her body tensed remembering the blows he liked to deliver when she least expected it.

"How are you enjoying your stay?" Henry asked. He leaned back watching her.

She wanted to poke his beady eyes out. Instead, she blew on her nails while thinking of a quick retort.

"I think your accommodations and activities need a lot of work." As if she'd chosen this guy's home to take her holiday. The thought alone made her feel sick.

Everything about this bastard makes you feel sick.

Come on, James, where the f**k are you?

Henry chuckled.

Folding her arms over her chest, she glared at him. His gaze moved down to her br**sts. He'd been trying to make her uncomfortable with his lingering gaze and presence. If he wanted her then there was nothing she'd be able to do to stop him. Prue didn't know how much longer she'd have before he'd take what he wanted.

You don't even know if he wants you.

"I've got some interesting news," he said.

"Really?"

His glare came back with full force.

Stop riling the bad man, Prue. He could kill you without blinking. Shit, he could get Cindy to do it, and James would be pissed.

Keeping herself hopeful was getting harder.

You've got to be strong. You're stronger than they are.

"You should learn to hold your tongue. Didn't James teach you that lesson?" Henry asked, leaning forward on the chair.

She glared at him. "James is a proper man. He doesn't need to silence a woman to feel better about himself." Gritting her teeth didn't help stem her anger.

"Well, you might want to forget about James coming to save you."

That one hurt. Prue refused to bite. Begging him for more information would give him what he wanted.

"I've been told he's walked away from it all. He's not interested in getting you back. I believe he's found something else to entertain himself. What do you think to that?" he asked.

If he'd not added in the last bit, Prue would have believed him.

She smiled. "Is that all you've got? Do you want me to simper and cower like every other woman you've got?"

Prue felt strong inside. Henry was doing everything in his power to break her down. She didn't know why he wasn't using brute force at the moment, but that would come. She could guarantee it.

"James wouldn't let me go. He wants me too damn much to let me go."

"You're so sure of yourself," Henry said.

"What's the matter? You've never known a real woman who knows her worth?"

He started laughing. Henry clapped his hands in delight. "I thought I'd give it a try." He moved faster than Prue anticipated. Grabbing her around the neck he pulled her onto the table. He opened her thighs and stepped between them.

Real fear unlike anything she'd ever experienced gripped her. Tears leaked from her eyes as she stared at him.

She didn't know how long she'd hold onto her sanity if he used her against her will. Thinking about that four letter word scared her. Rape. It was brutal, nasty, and the thought of having it linked to her name terrified her.

"See what I can do to you," Henry said. He pressed against her, and she sobbed in pain. "No one can come for you. No one can save you, but I think I'd like to have you out of my sight. You're far too much trouble." With his hand around her throat, Henry threw her to the floor. He landed three kicks to her abdomen, which winded her. She curled up in a ball wanting the pain to go away.

Henry caught a fistful of her hair and pulled her close. "I think it's time you listen, bitch. When James comes for you, and he will, you won't be anywhere to be seen. It's Wednesday night, and you're going up for sale on Friday. Look at the night and start your countdown, bitch, because this is the last time you'll see me."

He spat in her face then walked away. When the door slammed closed Prue let loose the pain and agony of what had just happened. She wiped her face with her dress hating everything that had happened.

She wanted James more than ever. He'd protect her and keep her safe.

What was going to happen?

Stop giving in. This is not over until it's over.

Be strong, Prudence.

Rolling over onto her stomach, she went to her knees then stood up. Slowly, she moved toward the bathroom. Staring into the mirror at her reflection, she wiped the tears from her eyes.

Opening her mouth, she closed it again. More tears spilled down her cheeks, and she fought the never ending battle inside herself. Shaking her head, she stared at her reflection and started her fight.

"My name is Prudence Star. I'm the younger sister of Veronica Star. I used to work for Cadeon Ashwood but got fired, and now I work for James Castleden. I'm in love with James." She stopped as a sob caught in her throat.

What if he doesn't come for me?

Why would he come for me?

Staring at her face, she saw the fear of her words grip her.

"He will come for me. James will come for me, and then everything will be fine."

She spoke the words, but unlike when she'd said them a few days ago, the conviction of her words could no longer be heard in her voice. Slowly, Prue was giving up.

Chapter Eight

"Where could he have gone?" Josiah asked.

"I don't f**king know," Dane said for the hundredth time. They were looking for Lucas and for James. No one had seen or heard from them in the past twenty-four hours. Dane hoped that Lucas was working with James. With both men working together they had a better chance of finding Prudence.

He'd f**ked up a lot in his life, but letting Prudence be sold was not going to be added to the list. Being able to stay to shadows without people seeing him had its benefits. He'd been in the shadows lurking about when he'd heard the two agents talking about Prudence. They were prepared to let her go in order to get Henry and Daren. He knew it was a good move but one he couldn't allow. Too many women and men had been lost because of Henry and himself. Daren was a worker like him, but many people had been killed by his hand.

Prudence was a sweet woman, and as she was twenty-five, they'd tear her apart.

Dane didn't regret giving the information to James. In fact, he thought it was the best thing he'd done in a good long while. He'd not counted on Lucas helping.

"James could f**k over our entire case. If that file is taken then we've got nothing. That file has details of the private investigator we've got in protective custody. Those men find out about any of the information in that file and they're dead," Hubert said.

"We're close.. We've got enough. I think it's time we ordered the strike against Henry and bring him in. I'll book the tickets, Hubert. This case has run its course."

The two agents walked out of the room leaving him alone.

Isabella came out of the bathroom where she'd run to when the two agents descended on him.

His throat hurt from James cutting off his air supply. The bastard had a bloody good grip.

"Do you know where my brother is?" Isabella asked.

He stared at the beauty before him. Since she'd come out of the hospital, she'd started to flourish. He imagined with all the bad shit out of her life she'd soon start to have laughter in her eyes.

This woman, along with Rebecca and Mary, gave him hope for a better world. When he'd first seen them, they'd awoken a part of him he'd thought long dead. Dominic, Henry, and a few others had turned him into a monster, but the monster wasn't part of him. It was just a small smidgen of the man he could be.

"I don't know where your brother is, but I can take a few good guesses." He rubbed his throat, trying to ease the soreness.

"What do you mean?"

"I think he's gone to help James. I don't know why he's helping him, but it could mean they get Prudence back."

"I don't understand. Those men were going to help them. Why are they doing this alone?" Isabella held her stomach as tears fell down her cheeks.

He needed to stop her from having hysterics. Pulling her into his arms, Dane held her close. "They were not going to help us."

"But-"

"No, no buts. They were not going to help us, and James needs Prudence." Dane held her tight against his chest.

"Which is why we're going to help them," Sean said. They both turned as the other man made his presence known. Isabella tensed in his arms.

Sean closed the door. "Lucas and James are meeting with Lloyd. Your brother has been in touch with me. We're going to help them get Prudence back."

"What about Josiah and Hubert?" Isabella asked.

"What about them? They want Daren and Henry while we want Prudence. Let them go after the men. We help our friends find the woman."

It was the first time Dane had seen Sean sober. The way Sean looked at the woman in his arms made Dane swallow past the lump inside his throat. There was so much yearning in Sean's eyes.

"You don't have to get involved," Isabella said.

Sean moved closer into the room. He stopped several feet away from her. Dane watched as Sean fisted his hands but kept them firmly at his side.

"I have to do this."

There was a lot of history between the two people in the room. He saw it and mourned for them. His thoughts turned to Mary. The young woman refused to have anything to do with him. He couldn't blame her. He was a monster in comparison to most men.

"I regret what I did," Sean said.

"You shouldn't-"

"I do." Sean cut her off from speaking. Dane loosened his hold. Whatever was going on was between the two people. He didn't know exactly what happened between them, but it was something that had changed both of their lives. "Please, I f**ked up before. Don't let me f**k up this time."

After several seconds' hesitation, Isabella nodded. "Okay, we'll work through this together. I'd advise not to talk to Rebecca. She's got a lot of crap on her mind, and I don't want her to be involved."

Both men agreed with her. Dane didn't know how they were going to help Lucas and James; he only hoped they could do something to get Prudence back.

****

James sat beside Lucas, and they both sat across from Lloyd Black. Getting a meeting with the criminal hadn't been that difficult. Sean had been involved in arranging it for them. The thought of Sean sent a chill of unease down his spine. Sean was known for being irrational and a drunk. Lucas assured him they could trust Sean.

Still, James wasn't happy with having Sean help them.

"So, I'm being visited by James Castleden and his minion."

Lucas tensed beside him. In the last few hours, James had learned a great deal about the man beside him. He was proud, hard, and didn't like being considered someone's pet or minion.

"I don't think you should be testing him, Black. I mean, your officers need to unlock the door to get to you. Lucas can do a lot of damage in that time," James said, warning him.

Lloyd sneered, glancing behind him. He wasn't a high risk prisoner as he was only doing time for assault because Rebecca hadn't died. But he was doing an extended sentence. Glancing at the man, James saw the true evil in his eyes. He'd not associated much with the Blacks, and he saw why. Being in their company irritated him. Lloyd was in his fifties and held all the spite and malice of a man scorned. From what James had learned about this man, Lloyd hadn't been scorned. He'd been responsible for the kidnapping and sale of women of all ages.

He'd used their clubs to vet his f**king women, and James hated the way Lloyd had taken advantage of the women and the two clubs. Up until a year or so ago, Possession and Ravage had had a high reputation for discretion. Since his son had pushed their names through the mud it was up to James and Stephen to clear their clubs' names once again.

"I've heard a great deal about you," Lloyd said, looking at Lucas.

"Your sister was one ripe peach."

Lucas tensed. James feared the man beside him would react, but as quickly as the anger overcame him, Lucas relaxed. Lloyd was playing with them. He and Lucas needed to be smarter.

"She's a beauty, my sister, and she's doing better than ever before," Lucas said.

"Speaking of a beauty, Rebecca is doing splendidly well. She smiles all the time, and her smile lights up the whole room. I've never seen three people more in love," James said.

Lloyd tensed this time. He glared at them across the table. "How dare you?"

"You lost all right to Rebecca. She's a free woman able to love and to f**k whomever she chooses." James leaned forward locking his fingers in front of him. His posture gave him an air of confidence when in truth he was fighting the urge to slug the man before him.

"What are you doing here?" Lloyd asked.

"Dominic Green, Eugene Black, Daren Robinson, and Henry Warren."

There was no visible change to Lloyd Black apart from the fact he appeared frozen to the spot.

"My father has evidence linking all of them together, including you," James said.

"You were sloppy back in the day. Dominic and Eugene have both been taken out of the equation as they're both dead."

The muscle in Lloyd's cheek tensed.

"Do you know, I heard a little tale that Henry has a new girl on the market," Lloyd said. "Her hair is dyed black with red underneath, and she has an interlocking black rose tattoo across the base of her back."

James tensed at Prudence's description.

"A wild cat and a woman only a hard man can tame."

The more he spoke, the harder it was for James to control his anger.

"The man that gets between her thighs will be crying out in bliss."

"Shut your f**king mouth!" James yelled the words and slammed his fist on the table. Lloyd chuckled.

"Don't do this, James. He's winning if you let him get to you. He'll be a dead man either way."

"What's that?" Lloyd asked.

Lucas winked at James before they both turned back to him.

"The Feds have everything they need to put Henry and Daren away. All we've come to ask for is information on the girl," Lucas said, taking control of the conversation.

James wanted to help, but the images Lloyd had put there made him take a step back. The danger Prudence was in cut him to the core. How was she ever going to forgive him for leaving her alone at Ravage?

"You tell us what you've heard, and I'll make sure neither man makes it to this prison because if they do, I can guarantee your life will get a whole lot harder." Lucas warned the older man.

If Lucas had his way, Henry and Daren wouldn't see the inside of a prison cell.

In the face of Lucas's warning, Lloyd slumped in his chair.

"I've heard bits of rumours and gossip. I don't know how much of it is true." The angry, older man was gone.

"Then tell us what you know," Lucas said.

They were running out of time. James glanced at the window to see the sun high in the sky. It was Wednesday morning, and she'd been gone well over a week. The past week had felt like hell. All he wanted to do was wake up as if it was some kind of awful dream. Instead, he was forced to admit the truth that he'd failed her.

Lloyd let out a long sigh before he started talking. "Friday night is when they sell a great deal of girls. Most of the time it's in an abandoned warehouse if it's not much profit."

James turned to Lucas.

"He means if the girls are not that pretty or there's something wrong with them."

Turning back to Lloyd, James wanted to kill the man. Prudence was perfect.

"Your girl is high quality. She's not broken or lost, and there isn't an issue with her body unless you count her fuller curves. A few years back a woman of her size would be at the warehouse, but her curves have become a bonus. I don't know why. I hate them f**king fat." Lloyd looked old. "She'll probably be kept in a high exclusive hotel, either owned by Henry or by a foreigner. There will be no activity. The place will have guards around it, and you'll struggle to get inside."

James stared at the older man. "Why did you do it?" he asked. "You were once a wealthy man with a flourishing business. Why did you turn to this?"

"I made bad decisions, and the money was gone. This business, as seedy and as crap as it is, means money, and it's always flowing the cash for anyone who wants a piece."

"We're done here," Lucas said, standing.

James followed the other man.

"If you want to get in without much trouble you've got to go in as a buyer," Lloyd said.

James turned back, glaring at the man.

There was nothing more to say. James followed behind Lucas as they made their way out of the prison. Their car was parked in the crowded parking lot. James looked back and shook his head.

"What's the matter?" Lucas asked.

"Nothing. There was a time when my parents loved that man. I've never liked him, and I hated his son even more. I can't believe lack of money is what drove him to do what he did," James said, leaning against the car. He felt drained.

Prudence was in England, and he didn't know if he'd ever be able to find her. He was putting his faith in a man he hated. Lloyd Black couldn't be trusted.

"I've lived without money. I've done some crazy shit to put food on the table for my mother and sister. I get why he did what he did, but I don't accept it. There is a huge difference in understanding why and accepting it, James."

Lucas opened the car, and James climbed in.

"I guess we're going to England to get my girl," James said. "Do you need my card?"

"No, we'll pay for them by cash. If we leave everything to the last minute the Feds can't sweep in and stop us."

James nodded, putting his card away. He didn't care how they did everything as long as they got his woman back before it was too late.

Chapter Nine

Friday, the day of the auction

Prue stared out of the window. The bars hindered her view. The sun was high in the sky, but she knew what day of the week it was. She'd be a fool not to know what was about to happen. Her stomach was in knots, and she gazed down her body to see the effects of what was about to happen to her. During the last two days, Henry had seen to her transformation. He'd removed the dye from her hair, which bothered her. She wished he'd taken the length off. The first thing she did when she got out of here was cutting it. The memory of its current length was now spoiled by Henry and Daren. It might seem petty of her, but there it was. The strands were now a plain brown. Her nails were well looked after, and every inch of her body had been waxed. She was bare between the thighs. The only thing she could be thankful for was Cindy. The small woman had been the one to wax her. Nearly every part of her had been cleaned by Cindy.

She didn't hate Cindy. The woman was doing her job preparing Prue for her sale. Henry came to her every night to gloat over her potential sale or earning. Each time he spoke she thought about landing her fist in his face. No matter what she thought or felt, Henry was stronger than she. She'd raised her fist once at him, but he caught her fist before she was even able to land the first blow to his skull.

Staring at her reflection in the mirror no longer helped to calm her thoughts. The sound of the door opening and closing distracted her. She turned to see Cindy holding a dress in her hands.

"What do you want?" Prue asked. She wasn't happy any longer. The seriousness of her situation scared her. Tears constantly filled her eyes and spilled down her cheeks.

"I'm here to get you dressed." Cindy paused, placing the dress on the nearest chair. "You would prefer me to get you ready rather than Henry or one of his men to do it."

Prue had tried to escape, but the men posted outside her door forbid it.

"Does it matter either way anymore? I'm tired of all of this. I'm tired of fighting and having to deal with this shit. It's not fair."

"I'm sorry, Prudence." Cindy reached out, touching her shoulder.

Nodding her head, she turned away from the window. In her heart she continued to pray for James to find her. She hated being alone. Cindy helped her to remove the garment she'd been wearing and then replace it with a sheer gown that covered nothing. Cindy removed her panties and bra.

"I'll be back nearer the time to do your makeup."

Cindy left her alone. Sitting in the chair, Prudence pulled her knees tightly against her chest and stared ahead of her. She couldn't believe this is where her life had taken her. At twenty-five years old she'd found love and was now about to be sold as a sex slave. When they left her alone like this Prue allowed herself to break down. Tears poured down her cheeks onto the sheer gown she wore. She felt the droplets soak into her skin, but they offered no reprieve. Every part of her hurt; her head, heart, and body were in constant pain. She was starting to lose focus of who she was. The bruises on her face were slowly fading, but anyone who looked at her tonight would see the damage of the last few days.

The door opened and then closed. She saw Daren staring at her. Her energy was so zapped that she remained seated in her chair. He took the seat opposite her. The tears kept falling even though she tried to force them away.

"Why are you here?" she asked after some time had passed.

"I came to see that you were fine."

Prue burst out laughing. She wiped her eyes and stood. The laughter took her by surprise. She cradled her stomach as she tried to contain her giggles. "You came to see if I was fine?"

Daren stood. His height and presence stopped her laughter.

"Why the f**k should you care? You were the one who brought me here in the first place. It was all your fault for me f**king being here." She charged at him slamming her fists against his chest.

For the first few blows Daren let her hit him. None of it made any sense to her anymore.

He caught her fists and held them by her side. "Now that you've got your energy out of the way." Daren pricked her skin with a needle.

It was a trap. Daren coming to see if she was all right was a trap.

"This will knock her out for long enough. Make her face presentable. I need to carry her down to the car. Her selling price needs to be improved for where she's going," Daren said. He caught her in his arms.

The room started to spin as he carried her to the bed. He held her steady as Cindy came into view. "I'm sorry."

Her body felt heavy. She didn't know how she'd be able to hold herself up.

"You're going to need to give her less if she's going to be able to move on her own," Cindy said.

"Don't talk to me, bitch. Do your f**king job and make her pretty."

James, I want James.

She saw his handsome face as she closed her eyes. This was a nightmare that she'd wake up from, she was certain of it.

James.

I can't believe I fell for Daren's trap.

Stare in the mirror and repeat your words.

I'm Prudence Star. I'm twenty-five years old ... James ...help me.

****

James hated flying as being in the air made him vulnerable. Lucas stayed by his side during the whole flight. His nerves were getting the better of him as he thought about Prudence constantly. By the time they made it onto the ground, James had been thankful. Nothing was worse than being at the mercy of his fear. It was Friday, and the auction was apparently scheduled for that night. Lucas was in touch with Sean, and both men were trying to figure out the best place where Prudence would be. James now stood in London, admiring and hating the place.

He'd never wanted to visit London, and at that moment, it was the worst place in the world.

Lucas was on the cell phone as James looked at his watch.

"What? What do you mean?" Lucas asked, staring at him.

"What's the matter?"

"Josiah and Hubert are nowhere to be seen. Sean, you're breaking up. What do you mean?" Lucas smacked his phone placing the device against his ear. "Shit, Sean's gone. He thinks the Feds are here."

"You've been here before, Lucas. Where is the best place Henry would keep his women for sale?" The words were bitter on his tongue. James hated speaking them. Prudence was not some slave to be bought and traded like meat. She was his woman, and when he got her back, he was never letting her out of his sight.

His cell phone rang, and James saw it was a direct line to Dane. James picked it up waiting for the other man to answer.

"I know where they'll be."

James listened to the directions that Dane gave him. The location was in a very remote part of London where not a lot of police or people were milling around. When the call ended he told Lucas the location and then moved toward the area.

"We're going to need to stop off and get some clothes," Lucas said.

"Why?"

"I think the best chance of us getting in is by looking the part." Lucas moved around the city centre and then walked into one of the most expensive branded shops. Immediately, several women approached them in order to fill their needs.

When they were alone again James took the opportunity to speak with Lucas. "You're going to have to be the one who is the boss. I'll be your second-in-command."

Lucas looked at him as if he'd gone mad.

"You've got the hardened look. They'll take one look at me and laugh," James said. He'd thought a great deal about how best to get inside. They couldn't raise any suspicion, and the only way to achieve that would be to go in as if they were one of the men hoping to buy. His hands fisted at his sides. The thought of men getting hard over Prudence made his blood boil.

She was his woman, and no matter what happened, he was going to stay by her. They were handed several suits to try on.

Together they moved toward the dressing room. James didn't look at his reflection. He didn't ever want to remember how he looked when faced with losing Prudence.

Lucas stood waiting for him outside. He looked like a well-respected criminal.

James shook his hand then bowed his head. The other man squeezed his fist.

"What's the matter?" James asked.

"I'm not going to lie to you, James. We've got a chance of getting Prudence back, but there is also a risk that we all could end up dead. I need you to understand the risks posed to us with this mission."

"I love her, Lucas. She means everything to me. I can't sit back knowing I could have done something. If I die tonight then I died fighting for the woman I love." James shook the man's hand, and they went to pay for the suits.

After organising a car they sat and waited for the right moment. They couldn't go rushing all guns blazing. James drove to the area he'd found on the map. The hotel in question looked very fancy but also well-guarded.

"I guess going in undercover is better than not going in at all," Lucas said.

James tapped his hands on the steering wheel. "Do you think she's in there?"

Lucas let out a sigh. "I don't know. They may have transported them early or be waiting until the last minute. Human trafficking is high risk. I doubt they'd risk getting caught this late in the game."

"What made you go after Dominic and Henry?" James asked. He'd never been interested in learning more about the men who'd entered their clubs unexpectedly bringing all chaos and destruction with it.

"I served my country when I was younger. I put meals on the table, and I kept my family warm. When I came back I discovered something had occurred between Sean and Isabella, and she was gone. No matter what I tried to do I couldn't find her, but I'd heard of Dominic taking her."

"What was between Sean and Isabella?" James asked.

"That is not my story to tell. Something went down, and I'm not angry about it. I was, and I guess if he hurts her a second time then I'm killing him, but you want those answers, you go to them."

James nodded.

"Anyway, I was looking for Dominic, and I was recruited with some bounty hunters to go and find them. Some of the men I work for are ex-servicemen, and they know a lot about the world. That's where I met you guys when Cadeon's girl was taken."

James remembered meeting Lucas and being impressed by him. Lucas was a possessive man, but he didn't possess the wealth that his and Stephen's club needed in order to make them members. Lucas worked for him and Stephen, and he didn't have to pay for an application.

"The one thing I hate is women being taken advantage of. Maybe it's because I saw my father hurting my mother or just who I am. Women should be loved and cherished. They're amazing to be with. They give us so much, and in return we should be the ones to beg them for everything." Lucas stopped and shook his head. "Sorry, man. I'm starting to sound like a pu**y."

"No, you're sounding like a man who knows how to respect your woman. Whoever gets you, Lucas, will be one lucky woman. You're a good man and great Dom. I've seen the way you are in Ravage."

"Thanks, boss."

Chapter Ten

The auction

The drugs Daren had given her were starting to wear off. Her body felt heavy, and her stomach kept turning as if she was about to be sick.

I wish I was feeling sick from eating too much chocolate.

She moaned as she rolled onto her side. There were several other women in the room. They all looked like her. Her stomach turned as she sat up. Each woman was sniffling, but none of them out right crying. She stood to her feet and then slumped to the ground. Her feet no longer felt like her own.

"What's ... going ... on?" Her mouth felt dry. Licking her lips, Prue felt confused.

"So, you're awake?" Daren asked, coming into her line of sight. She tried to cover herself away from his vision.

Please, let it be all a dream. A horrid but forgettable dream.

"What ... have ... you ... done..." She was too tired to keep talking. Her lips hurt, and her head ached as if she'd been punched in the head recently.

For the past few days you've been nothing but hit in the face.

"It is just a drug to make you relax, babe. When you're put on the platform the drug stops you from going hysterical. No man wants to buy a girl that cries or screams."

There was so much she wanted to say. Instead, she glanced past his shoulder to see Cindy standing with her hands bound in front of her. Prue didn't have the energy to ask a question.

"She's been naughty, and Henry thinks it's time for a newer model. She's going up for sale right after you." Daren moved away as Prue crumbled on the floor. She watched as he left the room. Cindy sat beside her. Tears streamed out of her eyes, but there was no lasting show of fear on the other woman.

"I displeased Henry because I tried to make him hold on to you. I know your man is coming for you. I'm so sorry, Prue."

"Will ... these ... drugs ..."

"They'll wear off enough for you to stand, but you'll be confused. You won't argue or fight. Soon they'll be out of your system."

"James ... is ... coming ... for ... me." She touched a hand to her bare neck. Daren had worn James's chain around his neck. She wanted her cross back. The token James had once given her meant the world to her.

Cindy placed Prue's head in her lap. The little comfort offered her Prue now grasped with relish.

"Thank you," she said, amazed that she didn't need to pause between each word.

"You're welcome. I never asked for this, and I'm sorry I couldn't help you."

Prue closed her eyes as Cindy began to stroke the length of hair. When she got out of this mess she was going to cut her hair then wait for the length to grow out, before dyeing it back to her black and red.

The minutes passed, and the effects of the drugs were starting to wear off.

"How are you feeling?" Cindy asked.

"Fine."

The woman above her looked over at the window. "It's time. They'll be coming for us soon."

Before Prudence got chance to say anything, the sound of footsteps could be heard outside. Three men walked into the room and grabbed a girl. None of them fought as they were transported out of the room. The lock and chain sounded in place.

"This is it."

Prudence sat in the room watching as the girls dwindled down leaving just her and Cindy.

Her heart pounded inside her chest. The drugs only made her body feel sluggish.

"They're coming for us," Prue said.

"Yes."

"I can't believe this. James will come for me. I'm sure of it."

"He doesn't even know where you are," Cindy said.

Sitting away from the girl, Prue covered as much of her body as possible to stare at the girl before her.

"James is a powerful man. He loves me, and he'll come."

Cindy chuckled. "Henry is a powerful man. People don't stand against him. His father before him was untouchable, and so is he. He taunts me with his power daily. He's got police and wealthy people in his pocket."

Prue stood on unsteady legs.

"What are you doing?" Cindy asked.

"I'm not going to be sold like some cow. I'm going to fight." She looked around the room. Her footsteps were all over the place as she made her way around each part of the room trying to find something to protect herself with.

There was a mirror on the far side of the wall.

"You can't do that."

Footsteps echoed off the walls. Panic filled every part of Prue. She'd never been a person to go down without a fight. There was no way they were getting her onto some kind of platform without her putting up a fight.

Using the ornament on the bedside table she smashed the mirror and pulled a shard of glass as the door opened. One of the men pulled Cindy roughly against them. Daren came towards her. His face looked evil as he sneered at her.

The men had the advantage of being sober. Her limbs felt like she'd drunk way too much alcohol for her own good.

"Well, it has been a pleasure knowing you," he said.

She reacted and slashed out the glass. The broken shards embedded in her palm. Prue gritted her teeth to stop herself from crying out.

"Where did she get the f**king glass from?" Daren asked the other man.

"There's mirrors in the room, Boss. None of the other girls would dare to try something like that."

Prue didn't take her eyes away from Daren. Blood poured from the wound on her hand. She felt the droplets dripping down.

"You've got no chance of winning, Prue," Daren said.

"I don't care. You've got no chance of coming out of this unscathed."

The light caught the cross hanging around his neck. The anger consumed her. Images of waking up at Ravage and being taken by him filled her mind. The way he tried to get James to comply by hurting her. The many times he'd lashed out hitting her. Henry took his place, and finally Prue snapped.

She charged at Daren wanting to sink the glass into his neck. Prue needed him to suffer and to hurt like he'd made so many women hurt over the years. He may have never raped a woman, but he'd done this with plenty.

The glass cut his shoulder and chest. She didn't get chance to embed the tip into his flesh. Daren caught her, wrapping his arms around her chest. He forced her to drop the glass.

"Don't bruise the merchandise," the other man said.

"Don't tell me what to f**king do." Daren grunted as he squeezed her in his arms. Prue cried out as the pressure made her think he was crushing her body. "Move them out."

Daren fought with her every step of the way. She ached all over, and the drug stopped her from really fighting back. She wanted to cry at the unfairness of it all.

He spun her in his arms. "It's about time someone put you in your place."

Wrapping her fingers around the necklace she tugged until the chain snapped. "That's mine."

Daren pushed her through a room, and she was on her own looking at her reflection surrounding her.

****

James parked the car in front of the large building. He opened the door then moved to let Lucas out. To go with the image, Lucas handed him a briefcase, and together they made their way up the steps.

"This is where it can get tricky. Don't back down."

They were stopped at the reception area by a guard. From the look of him, he didn't look anything like your run-of-the-mill security guard.

"You're going to have to find somewhere else to sleep. This hotel is fully booked."

Without looking back at Lucas, James punched the guy in the gut then kneaded him in the bollocks with his knee. "How dare you disrespect my master? Mr. Sanchez was personally invited today."

Another guard came out only this time to greet them and escort them to the buying room.

"Don't say a word," Lucas said, taking a seat at the table. James took the opportunity to look around them.

"What's going to happen?"

"You're about to see what it means to be a criminal."

A door opened up several minutes later, and a girl was shoved inside. She wore a sheer robe with heavy makeup. The way she kept stumbling James knew she'd been drugged.

On the screen in front of them, the bidding started. James wanted to bid on the girl to save her, but Lucas forced him to stop.

"We're not here to save them all. We don't know how many they have, and Prudence may not even be here."

Biting back his retort James saw the glass was clear between each booth. The men could see their opponent in the bidding war, but the girl couldn't see them. She was taken for over a hundred thousand.

On and on the bidding went as many girls came out. Some were larger than others, and others wore their innocence like a crown. The virgins got the most money while other girls went for a few thousand.

His stomach turned at the disregard for the girls. No one cared about them. They had family or someone who loved them back home. These men would use them and then pass them on.

When Prudence stumbled onto the platform his heart literally stopped beating. Her hand was dripping blood onto the platform.

"Why is she bleeding?" James asked.

"I don't know, but keep your f**king voice down."

"Buy her, Lucas. I f**king mean it. Put every cent I own on her."

He saw the cross necklace he'd given her dangling from her fist.

The screen before them flashed as money started being placed on her. Prudence turned in a circle. Her hand went to her head. She'd been drugged. The effects were clear to see in the way she moved. She didn't wear any heels, unlike everyone else.

Blood pounded in James's head. His fists tightened at his sides. He needed to get to her.

"James."

He heard his name from her lips.

None of the other women had spoken while they'd been standing. James didn't wait for Lucas to respond. He charged out of the room with Lucas not far behind him. There was no plan other than getting her. As he moved around the room he saw Josiah, Hubert, and Sean crash through the building. Chaos erupted at the sight of the local police and the Feds.

James didn't stand around waiting.

He saw Prudence being pulled along. Daren held her in his arms.

Lucas tackled the other man as James tried to grab Prudence.

Daren shot Lucas in the leg and took off before he got the chance. James watched him go with the woman he loved. She wasn't getting away from him again.

He saw where Daren went and then charged in that direction leaving Lucas alone to deal with the shit about to erupt.

James ran down the basement. He heard the other men following him, but he wasn't prepared to wait for the love of his life. Daren had f**ked him over, and he no longer felt like taking chances with a man who willingly played his woman like bait. This was going to end now.

"You've got no weapon, James. How do you intend to take her from me?" Daren asked. The sound echoed off the walls. The basement was a mess filled with old furnishing and dust.

It was like stepping back in time to a horror movie.

He moved around a corner and saw Daren with a gun pointed at Prudence's head.

"James?" she asked. The shock on her face undid him. He'd fight with every part of his being to get her back.

"I'm here, baby. I'm right here." She sobbed with each word he spoke. Seeing her so broken shattered his heart.

"You couldn't let her go?" Daren said, tugging her close to him.

"You gave me a month and then were going to sell her after only two weeks."

"She pissed off the boss. He wanted you guys to be taught a lesson."

"We had nothing to do with this shit, and from what I hear I won't have anything to do with it again. They've got you and Henry."

Daren cocked the gun and pressed it against her head more firmly. "Well, that has certainly screwed my plans up. I'm not going to jail."

"You don't have a f**king choice. Give my woman to me," James said.

His gaze never once wavered from the gun pointed at her head.

"I can kill her, James. Could you live with that? Being this close to saving her only for her to die while you watch." Daren licked her check.

The finger on the trigger tightened.

"No," James said, shouting the word. The word echoed around the room as did a single gun-shot.

Prudence collapsed on the ground. She sobbed, and then Daren fell back. James saw a single bullet hole through Daren's head. Looking behind him James saw Lucas resting against the wall.

"I can't have Henry, but that bastard was going to die."

James ran toward Prudence. She'd fainted on the floor. He picked her up in his arms. Where Daren had licked her cheek, he'd removed a layer of makeup. The bruises appeared beneath the fake layer. He held her in his arms crying.

He'd thought he was going to watch her die. Relief swept through him.

Chapter Eleven

James ignored the warnings from Josiah and Hubert. Prudence was in his arms.

"You could have f**ked up this entire mission. Both of you could. We gave you our word," Josiah said.

"And your word meant shit. James agreed to help with the guarantee that Prudence would be saved. You were prepared to sacrifice her," Lucas said.

He moved Prudence near to the ambulance. Most, if not all, of the girls had been saved. The raid the two agents handled had saved plenty of women, and they'd arrested Henry along with some of his associates. James didn't care for all the other details. He'd never wanted to be part of their investigation or way of life. The only person he wanted was Prudence.

Lucas was being tended to by a girl named Melanie. From what they'd figured out, Melanie, also known as Cindy, had helped Prudence while she'd been locked away. He thanked the woman for making her life easier rather than harder.

Lifting Prudence onto the bed inside the ambulance James let her go to sit down. She reached for his hand. He grasped hers tightly.

"Please, don't go. Don't leave me," she said. Tears filled her eyes, breaking his soul.

"I'm not going anywhere. I'm with you every step of the way." He kissed her knuckles and then nodded at the driver. He'd done nothing wrong in coming for his woman. The fact he'd saved her was a miracle in itself. There were so many tales of women and girls being lost along the way. He couldn't imagine living without knowing she was safe. If he'd not found her tonight, James would have used every cent and resource at his disposal to hunt her down. The drive to the hospital was short. He kept his gaze on her at all times, not wishing her out of his sight.

"She's doing well," the paramedic said.

When they made it inside the hospital, James left her to fill in some hospital forms. They were foreigners, and he promised to refund them any money needed. While they performed checks on her James reluctantly waited outside in the reception area.

"How are you doing?" Sean asked, joining him.

"They let you go?" James moved over to allow Sean to sit next to him.

The last few hours had been hazy.

"They had no choice. I'm not their f**king prisoner. I came here to settle an old debt. I'll never be free of the guilt, but I've made sure Lucas doesn't do anything stupid. The Feds are around keeping an eye on all the girls. Some of them were drugged pretty bad and are needing more attention," Sean said.

"Where's Lucas?"

"Getting his leg stitched up. The bullet ripped through, and the docs are making sure it didn't go through any major arteries."

James stayed silent for several minutes. The only sound he heard in the hospital was the rushing of nurses and the occasional machine beeping.

"I can't believe I got her back."

"You're lucky to have some good friends."

"What debt were you talking about?" James asked, remembering what Lucas said earlier in the day.

Sean let out a sigh. "I'm the one responsible for Isabella disappearing. She came to my room one night, naked, and let's just say it didn't end well. I was a bastard to her, and she ran. By the time morning came, she was gone."

"Isabella had a crush on you when she was younger?"

"I was Lucas's friend. We met because we served in the same unit together. I liked doing things my way and against my parents' better judgement. I joined the forces to spite them. I met some pretty decent guys. Isabella was like sunshine, a living, breathing ball of happiness and energy. Now, she barely smiles." Sean shook his head in anger. "I've got to live with that. Every day I look at her and see the fear and upset, I know I was the cause."

James didn't know the words to say to help him. His friend clearly didn't want to be saved with words.

He went and saw Lucas while he was waiting for Prudence to be finished. Lucas lay on the hospital bed eating chocolate and watching television. He turned the volume down as James entered.

"How are you doing?" James asked, staring at the bandaged leg.

"I'm doing great. It's not the first time I've been shot."

"Let's hope it's your last."

Lucas chuckled. "I hope not. Where is the fun in that?"

"You'll be living your life." The words sobered both men up.

"At least you got your girl."

James nodded. "You got to take out one man, Lucas."

"Not the man I wanted. Daren, for all his talk and shit, was just a f**king minion. Henry is still out there, and the Feds won't give me shit about him." Lucas tightened his fist on the metal bars.

"It's over now. They've got Henry, and we've got a life back."

"But I've got to live with knowing he's out there." Lucas stopped and stared past his shoulder. Melanie stood outside the door.

"I'm sorry to interrupt. I ... erm, I wanted to make sure you were okay."

James raised an eyebrow at Lucas. The other man shooed him away. Sean stood talking with the doctors as he made his way back to the waiting area.

"Prudence is free to see you," Sean said. "She should be free to travel tomorrow."

"Make all the arrangements. I want Prudence back home in my home."

He moved toward her room. His heart pounded inside his chest wondering how she'd feel about seeing him. Taking a deep breath he turned the corner and saw her.

Prudence lay on the hospital bed. Without all the makeup to cover her face the bruises stood out harshly against her pale skin. James stared at her from where he stood against the doorframe. She looked peaceful in sleep. No matter what he did, he'd never be able to rid his mind of the panic or fear on her face.

Her eyes opened with a start. James moved closer into the room as she looked like she was going to scream. "Don't worry, I'm here," he said, taking her hand within his.

"James?"

"That's right. It's me, baby." He leaned down brushing her temple with his lips. Without the makeup he saw the harsh bruises on her face. The different shades of purple looked out of place on her skin.

****

"You came for me," she said. She'd cried so much in the last few weeks. Prue thought she'd cried all of her tears. "I'm sorry." She wiped under her eyes hoping he didn't get annoyed with her tears.

"Don't worry about it, baby. Cry, sob, and weep. I'm here, and I'm not going away. I love you," he said.

Sitting up, Prue pulled him in close squeezing him tightly. "I didn't think I was going to see you again," she said.

"I wasn't letting you go." He stroked her hair, each caress making her feel comforted. She'd thought being rescued and being in James's arms had all been a dream. This wasn't a dream but a reality.

Flicking the bedding off her, she crawled into his lap. His arms surrounded her. She didn't care how needy she appeared. Being surrounded by his warmth was essential to her. "I've got you. I'm never letting go."

He lifted her up in his arms then settled on the bed. She fisted her hand in his shirt. Prue didn't close her eyes for fear of falling asleep. She needed to know he wasn't a fantasy.

"I thought I was going to be lost forever," she said. The words came out a whisper. The tightness in her throat made it almost impossible to talk. "I've never been so scared in all my life."

"Talk to me, Prudence. Tell me everything."

She gazed up at him. Tears shone in his eyes, but they didn't spill down his cheeks. "They didn't ... erm ... they didn't take advantage of me, James. I'm still me."

He wiped the tears away. "I don't care. I love you." His arms tightened harder around her. She needed his strength at that moment.

"After I woke up at Ravage Daren was there. He'd been leaving me heavy breathing calls for some time, but I didn't know it was him. I figured a guy with issues was the one calling me."

James stroked her hair.

"I watched him shoot Jermaine. Did he die?" she asked.

"Yes. He died in my arms."

She sobbed harder. Part of her hoped the other man had lived. Life was unfair to have taken someone like Jermaine. He'd been a nice man.

"Daren took me. I don't know much after that besides the pain when he called you. Then I woke up on a boat. I thought about jumping overboard. Drowning seemed a lot easier than what Daren had planned. Then we were in England, and I was locked in a room. They never let me out of that room." She cringed at the fear in her voice. For the most part, she'd thought she'd done remarkably well to keep her wits about her. Now, she couldn't even bear for the door to her room to be shut. She needed the light and the space; otherwise she'd go mad.

Being locked away had affected her more than she cared to realise.

"I'm here, Prudence. I'm here."

"Say it again," she said.

"What?"

"Say my name. I need to hear you say my name."

"Prudence Star. Prudence Star." He repeated the name over and over again. There was a time when she hated the full use of her name whereas now she wanted to hear him say her name completely.

"What are you going to do with your hair?" he asked.

"I'm going to grow it and then dye it back the same colour. I liked it."

"We'll be leaving tomorrow," he said.

"Those are the best words I've heard in a long time."

He chuckled. She loved to sound.

"Nothing is ever going to happen to you, Prudence. I'll take care of everything."

"What if I'm not normal? What if I'm changed?"

"Then we'll work through it together. I'm not letting you go."

She lay in his arms inhaling his masculine scent. The sound of a throat being cleared distracted her. She looked over to see Cindy standing in the doorway. The other woman wore a hospital gown like her.

"You got away?"

"Yes. When the police rushed through they forgot all about me. I'm free, and I'm Melanie again." She walked farther into the room. "I want to thank you, Prue. You fought until the end even when I'd given up. Thank you for being so brave."

Prue's cheeks heated under the praise. Minutes later Melanie left. She closed the door behind her. Prue tensed. James left her on the bed to go and open the hospital door.

"Thank you," she said.

"No worries. Go to sleep. I'll be here no matter what happens."

She lay against him playing with the button on his shirt. "Do my parents know what happened to me?" she asked.

"I don't know. I saw Veronica, but if she told them or not I can't tell you."

"It would be easier for me if they didn't know. I couldn't bear to see the pity in their eyes when they looked at me."

"No one could look at you with pity. You're a strong woman, and I for one am so proud of you." He kissed her head.

Prue closed her eyes hoping she was strong enough to get over what happened to her. She didn't want her life to be controlled by what Daren and Henry did to her.

Be strong, Prue. James came for you.

Was he too late?

Tears fell from her eyes as the words pierced her heart. She was stronger than this.

Chapter Twelve

James stood in the doorway waiting for Prudence to finish getting dressed. She'd slept fitfully the last night, her dreams filled with nightmares. He'd stroked her hair constantly. The desire to calm her filled every part of him. Lucas was on crutches outside waiting with Sean. They were all waiting to leave. He'd signed a check and the forms releasing Prudence into his care.

He was concerned for her health. She'd need time to adjust to life away from here. Two weeks may have been a short time, but they were long enough to have hurt Prudence. She no longer liked being confined in small places. He hoped she survived the plane ride back home. Melanie had said goodbye to her. She'd been transported back to her parents and was recovering at home.

"I'm ready," she said.

Turning to face her, Jams saw her face looked badly bruised still. He despised the bruises more than anything. How could a man hurt a woman in such a callous way?

Going to her side, he cupped her cheek gently. She winced at the touch but didn't pull away.

"I love you so much."

Prudence smiled. He noticed she didn't say the words back to him. Did she blame him for everything that happened to her?

"Are you ready to go home?" he asked.

"Yes. I really want to go."

He took her hand leading her out of the hospital. There was a limo waiting to pick them all up. Lucas climbed in last, and they were on their way to the airport. She curled up against the window without saying a word. He missed her talking.

"Cadeon and the others have been called. Stephen, Isabella, and Dane will be there at the airport to pick us up," Sean said.

Lucas moaned, grabbing a carton of pills. "Leg is f**king killing me. I forgot how much it hurts once the adrenaline is gone."

James smiled but kept his gaze on Prudence. She was too quiet, and her gaze remained on the window. He'd never been happier to see the back of a country than he was to see England behind. Loading up in the plane was easy enough. Prudence remained by the window, buckled in tight.

She barely said a word during the drive.

He spoke with Lucas and Sean. When she fell asleep he moved away. He sat with the two men. His gaze kept going back to where she sat on the plane.

"What's the matter, man?" Lucas asked.

"She's not spoken a word."

"You've got to give her time to get used to you, James. She's been through a massive ordeal. Give her time," Sean said.

His words made sense. But James couldn't help but be fearful. His future lay less than ten feet away.

"What if she no longer wants me?" he asked. He sounded like a pu**y even to his own ears.

"Then you do what gentlemen do," Lucas said.

"And what's that?"

"You let her go."

He shook his head. "No, I can't let her go. She's the other part of me."

"Then you do everything you can to win her back. Prudence is an intelligent woman and has been at the mercy of those ass**les for a long time. You've got to give her time, James. Going in now and ruining your chances is f**king stupid. Just give her time," Lucas said. "Look at Isabella. She's doing great considering she was gone for so long."

James nodded. His gaze never left her. She lay curled in a ball. The plane ride was excruciatingly long. He didn't want to fall asleep and spent most of the journey watching her. Something was going on inside her head, and he needed to figure out what.

When the plane touched down, James gently shook her.

"Prudence, baby, we're here."

She opened her eyes then smiled. He noticed she didn't reach for him. They left the plane behind without a backward glance. Lucas and Sean went first walking through the terminal. James spotted Stephen, Dane, and Isabella waiting for them. He also noticed Veronica stood away from them.

He hadn't phoned her. James reached out for Prudence. She turned to face him. "What's going on?" he asked.

"Please, don't take this the wrong way, James."

"How am I supposed to take it?" he asked. His anger rose with every passing second. He still hadn't forgiven Veronica for the trouble she caused.

"I'm not saying we're over or anything, but I need my space," she said.

"I came for you, Prudence." He cupped her cheeks pressing a kiss to her lips.

"I know." Tears fell from her eyes. "And it was more than I can explain. I spent most of my time begging for you to come for me."

"Then why are you leaving me?" he asked.

He should have expected it. She'd been distant and quiet.

"I'm not leaving you. I'm asking you to respect my wishes. Please, I need to be by myself."

"With your sister?" he asked.

She took his hands away from her face kissing both of them in turn. "I'm not asking you to understand my decision, James."

"Then what are you asking for?"

"Time and patience. I know I'm hurting you, and I'm sorry. Two weeks ago I would laugh at the thought of being away from you. I couldn't bear the thought of spending a day away from you."

"Then why are you leaving me?" he asked. They were causing a scene. James didn't care. If Prudence left with Veronica he feared he'd never see her again.

"Because I'm different, James. I couldn't even bear for the door to be shut on my room last night. I'm not the same woman who was taken. I can't give you what I promised." Tears spilled down her cheeks. He stared over at his friends seeing the pity on their faces.

"Fine, Prudence. I'll give you the time you need." He cupped her cheeks kissing her again. "I want you to remember that I love you, and I'm never letting you go."

She nodded then moved away. Veronica opened her arms, hugging her close.

He watched them leave the airport, and he felt his heart was being ripped out of his chest.

Her sister came back minutes later.

"What do you want?" he asked. "Have you come to gloat?"

"I'll take care of my sister, and I've not told our parents what happened. I won't poison her mind against you, James. I actually tried to convince her to go with you."

Her words shocked him.

"You're not good for me, but you're good for her. Please, don't give up on her."

She turned to leave.

"Anything she needs you call me, do you understand? I'll take care of everything."

Veronica nodded then left the airport.

He stood for the longest time watching the doors waiting for Prudence to run back to him.

"She's not coming, James. Come on, we've got to get home."

Stephen pulled him along. After the longest time, James followed him.

****

Prue stared out of the window. Her face was badly bruised as she saw it in her reflection. Veronica came back and climbed in the front.

"Why did you need to go back?" she asked.

"James has a right to know that I'll look after you."

Her sister started the car. "You shouldn't have gone like that."

She'd phoned her sister while James had been in the bathroom that morning. After being in his arms and the incident with the door Prue needed time to herself. She hated leaving him at the airport looking so lost, but this wasn't about him. This was about her.

"He wouldn't have let me go if he'd known what I planned."

"How do you know this? That man loves you, Prudence. I mean, head over heels in love with you."

She winced at the high pitch of her sister's voice. "I love you dearly, Veronica. Please, don't yell so loud." Rubbing her temples, Prue tensed when she saw him getting into a waiting limo. He didn't see her passing in her sister's car. The sight of him hurt her heart. He looked broken-hearted. She never thought she'd be the cause of his pain.

"I know you've been through hell. I can't begin to imagine what's happened to you, but hiding away from him is not going to help you."

Prue turned to her sister. "I thought you hated him."

"I never hated him. He loves you, and I can't deny his feelings for you. James almost strangled me with his desperation to get you back, and he knocked Daniel out."

"What?"

"I'm not holding it against him. That envelope you gave I was told to deliver to James. I was such a f**king coward that I got you to deliver it, and you saw James. If I'd delivered the stupid letter then none of this would have happened."

"How do you figure that out?" Prue asked.

"You wouldn't have gone back to him, and you wouldn't have been in a relationship with him. This is all my fault."

"Get over yourself," Prue said, annoyed. "What happened just happened. It's not anyone's fault. It's not yours or mine or James's fault. I don't blame anyone but the man who took me, and he's f**king dead. I saw him dead with my own eyes."

Prue let out a breath, exhausted.

The streets passed her by. She needed to get her head around everything that had happened. Work, time to herself, and anything she could do to occupy her thoughts would be welcome.

"Is Daniel home?" she asked.

"No, he's taken the kids on a fishing trip down south. We've got the house to ourselves for the weekend."

"Could we stop off at my place?" Prue asked.

"Yes, I've got the keys."

Prue laid her head against the head rest.

"What happened while you were gone?" Veronica asked.

She knew her sister would worry until she was honest with her. "I wasn't raped or anything. I think I had it pretty easy compared to a lot of the girls."

"Your face looks pretty bad."

"I was hit a lot." Her hand had been bandaged by the hospital. "I never thought of killing myself. I spent a lot of time looking in the mirror speaking to myself."

Veronica grabbed her hand and gave it a squeeze. "You're a strong woman, Prudence."

"I don't feel it."

"You survived."

She didn't highlight the other faults that had come from surviving. She didn't point out that she was scared of being confined to one place or the nightmares she got. Prue hadn't been lying to James. She wasn't the same girl who'd been taken.

An hour later they arrived at her house. She stared at the plain brick work and the crappy garden she owned. James had purchased the house for her. At the time she'd been so annoyed at his heavy handed approach, but now she was thankful.

She climbed out of the car then made her way to the front door. Veronica opened the lock, and she stood inside her house. The place needed airing out from being closed off, and it was cold. She wrapped her arms around her body trying to keep the heat inside.

"You're freezing." Her sister wrapped a blanket around her shoulders. "You need to get a coat and some gloves."

Prue moved up the stairs to her room. She grabbed the nearest bag then started filling it with clothes. Veronica grabbed a few things from downstairs, and she was locking the door within twenty minutes of entering.

"We'll come regularly if you want."

She shrugged. Until she was ready to face the world again she wasn't going back to that house.

Veronica drove 'til they were parked outside her house. The place was small in comparison to James's place.

"Are you sure Daniel doesn't mind me staying?" she asked.

"Daniel loves you like a sister. He doesn't want James coming 'round. I've tried to tell him it was nothing personal, but he's a little afraid of James."

"I'm surprised you're not," Prue said. The house was lovely and warm as they walked inside. She dropped her bags and went straight to the kitchen. Veronica made them both a sandwich and a cup of coffee.

Prue sat at the table thankful she was no longer trapped in that room back in London.

Chapter Thirteen

A small party waited for them back at Possession. Cadeon and the gang were standing in the main office with a bottle of the finest whisky and plenty of food. None of them spoke of Prudence's absence. For that he was thankful. It looked like Ursula was going to comment, but Stephen whispered in her ear; and no comment was made from the woman. Violet was rubbing her stomach, and Cadeon stayed by her side.

Tate, Kevin, and Rebecca stood together, but the tension was felt among all three.

He stared at his friends, thankful he was sharing a drink with them once again.

"I'm afraid we're the only ones happy to see you alive and kicking," Tate said, raising his glass. "I want to say a quick toast. This is to the man with more balls than brains and to the man who went with him. You both are two crazy sons of bitches, but I'm pleased to see you both alive and ready to tell the tale. To James and Lucas."

"To James and Lucas," the rest of the room said.

He placed the glass to his lips and knocked the liquid back. The burn was a welcoming pain against the one in his heart. He raised his glass for a refill. Kevin filled his glass.

"There is no need to toast to me or to anyone. We would have all done the same in our situation. I know you're all wondering where Prudence is." He stopped speaking to take a sip. "She needs some time away from me right now." Staring at his glass James frowned. "I wish I could say this is job well done, but I'm pretty sure I lost the woman I love. I guess Daren and Henry won in the end."

"Daren is f**king dead," Lucas said. "They haven't won anything."

He looked at the other man and laughed. "Tell me how they haven't won?" James knew he shouldn't be angry at the other man, but his anger needed to be directed at someone.

"You're alive, and so is Prue. You're not having to deal with the fact she could be halfway around the world by now. She is safe. Yes, she needs time, but she's safe with her sister. As far as I'm concerned the bad guys didn't win."

The room had gone silent. "I'm sorry, guys. I'm not in the mood for a party." James placed the glass onto the side then moved out of Possession.

Stephen followed him as he made his way to the door.

"What's the matter?" he asked, wanting to be out of the club and in his own home or at least somewhere he could have some peace.

"Possession is your home as much as it is mine."

"I know. I've got a lot of stuff to work out. I need to get Ravage open."

"Josiah and Hubert will deal with the clubs how they see fit. Don't be a stranger, and come back whenever you want. I've got to convince my woman to marry me," he said.

James pulled the other man into a hug then made his way out of the club. He put a call through to Arthur letting him know that he was back and would need transportation. For tonight he walked the distance home. The cold air chilled him to the bone and was a welcome relief. With the slight edge of pain at least he knew he was alive.

He didn't take in any of the scenery before him. James kept moving toward his home. His mind kept playing the events of the last few weeks. The joy of having Prudence in his arms and then the pain of knowing she'd been taken away. He pulled out of his cell phone and dialled Veronica's number.

"Hello," she said, sounding out of breath.

"How is she?"

She let out a sigh. "James, you need to give her time."

"Tell me she's okay," he said, ignoring her warning.

"She's asleep, but she's got the door open, and the light is on. I haven't seen her like this ever. I'm worried about her."

James ran his hand over his face letting out a sigh.

"Anything she needs you come to me."

"I'll come to you."

With nothing left to say he closed his cell phone. In the time it had taken for him to make the call he'd arrived at his house. He closed the gate behind him then made his way to the front door.

After locking everything behind him James went and consulted the mess he'd made in his father's office. Everything would need to go. Sleep wasn't welcome. He removed his jacket, rolled up his sleeves, and started working on clearing away the mess he'd created. Picking up the broken computer he dumped it outside waiting for collection in a few days. He rummaged through pieces of paper to see what could be saved and what needed to be scrapped. Throughout it all, James thought of Prudence. He didn't know how he was going to get through the next few days staying away from her.

You'll give her the time she needs, and you'll accept it like the gentleman you are.

He found several pictures he'd taken of Prudence. Storing them away in his pocket James finished tidying the room. He replaced the art back on the walls and then found the vacuum to clear away the splinters left from the destruction of his father's desk. After throwing out the bits of wood from the desk he returned the pieces of jewellery and paperwork to his father's safe.

By the time the room was put back together the sun had come up.

The knock on his door distracted him.

James opened the door to see Josiah and Hubert holding a bag of baked goods and coffee.

"We need to talk," Josiah said.

"How did you get on my property?" he asked.

"You didn't lock the gate. You only closed it, James."

Seeing no point in arguing with the men he let them in. He took them to the sitting room. Exhaustion swamped him. He hadn't anticipated a mass clean, and now that he'd been awake for the past twenty-four hours, James needed to sleep.

He took a seat accepting the coffee they gaze him along with the buttery croissant.

"Where's your lady?" Hubert asked.

"She's staying with her sister."

The two agents looked between each other. "We know this is a hard time, and we're sorry about the circumstances that led us to this, but if Prudence Star needs to speak to someone, please, let her call us." Josiah handed him a card with a female doctor's name on. "She's a professional psychologist and has experience with kidnapped victims along with abuse."

James pocketed the card and filed the information away. "I don't know if Prudence will fall under that category, but I'll let her know that there are people to talk to."

"Please do."

He sipped the bitter coffee and winced. The stuff reminded him of the coffee his woman served him. He chuckled then placed the cup on the table as the pain of the memory was too much to bear.

"What can I do for you gentlemen?"

"Lucas returned the file to us, and we're using everything we can to put Henry Warren away for life. We're convinced he won't be a problem to you guys anymore."

"But?" James asked. He sensed there was more to it.

"We want to assure your safety, and the only way to do that is to keep checking in with you. Josiah and I would like to stay around for awhile."

James started laughing. "Is this to get access to the clubs?"

Both agents looked at each other before returning their gazes back to him.

"We would like that," Hubert said.

"Whatever. Ravage isn't even open, but you'll have to talk to Stephen." He took a bite out of the croissant and sighed. The food tasted good. He hungered for something else, only the woman he wanted with such desperation was off limits to him. There was a time when no one was off limits. He needed to respect her wishes. Giving her time could only help improve matters.

"We're dealing with Ravage. We're hoping to have the club available to you to open in the next two weeks. Until then, you're free to go inside and make arrangements to replace the staff you lost," Josiah said, handing him a set of keys.

He took them and thought about Jermaine. Replacing him would be difficult.

"Is there anything else you have to tell me?" he asked.

"No. We're not at liberty to discuss anything else with you, and this was more of a courtesy call than anything else," Hubert said.

"Right. Does this mean Stephen and I are free from any suspicion?"

"Yes." Both of the agents spoke at the same time. They left the baked goods and rancid coffee for him. James saw them out then made sure his gate was locked. He wanted privacy for the next few hours.

He made his way up to the bathroom and removed his clothes as he did so. Turning on the shower, he climbed under the steaming hot jet. Closing his eyes, he allowed the hot water to cascade around without interfering or reaching for anything.

"Think of a list of things to do," he said, muttering to himself.

"Get to Ravage and check everything out. Organise a new barman and security guard at the door."

As he listed the things he needed to do he started to ease the ache from his muscles.

Once he washed the grime and dirt away from his body, he turned the shower off and padded into his room. Staring at the spot where Prudence had lain, he dried himself with the towel then lay on her pillow.

James inhaled her sweet scent and wondered how she was getting on.

Stop thinking about her and give her time.

Giving her time was proving to be difficult.

Closing his eyes, he allowed his mind to wander to sweet images of her. He thought about the way she looked at him when he sank into her tight wet heat. Her temper when he tried to control part of her life.

Could he get her to work at the bar with him?

His phone rang in the distance, which he ignored.

The phone beeped to let him know he'd missed a call.

He opened his eyes and stared across the bed to where the sun was shining in the bedroom window. Christmas would be with them soon, but James doubted he'd be celebrating the festive season. He looked forward to the spring to take away the dull dampness of winter.

It was Saturday, and he didn't have anything else to do but wallow in his loneliness. He rolled over facing away from the window. At that moment in his life there was nothing happy about his time. The one woman he loved is gone from him, and he didn't know how to get her back.

Within moments of turning away from the window and closing his eyes, sleep consumed him. James welcomed the oblivion of sleep even though his dreams were filled with the tantalising images of Prudence. She plagued him in sleep and when he was awake.

Chapter Fourteen

Prue jolted awake. She lay alone in a single bed. The door to the bedroom was wide open with the light from the bulb in the hall way illuminating her way. Sunshine came through the window on her left side. Slowly, her heart slowed, and the panic that had gripped her several minutes ago disappeared.

Veronica walked down the hallway and leaned against the frame.

"You're awake," she said.

"How did you know?" Prudence asked, sitting up. Her face hurt but not as much as it had in the last few days.

"You gasped and cried out for James in your sleep. I've been keeping an eye on you for the past few hours." Her sister walked into the room with her arms folded over her chest. She looked in control without a care in the world.

"What time is it?" Prudence looked out of the window and around the bedroom for a clock.

"It's a little after ten. You've slept for a long time. I thought about waking you with pancakes and then figured you'd love to help me make them," Veronica said, taking a seat on the end of the bed.

Folding her legs in front of her, Prue ran fingers through her hair in an effort to get some order to her hair.

"Your colour is gone. Did they take the colour out?"

"Yes. They washed the dye out of my hair. The bastards."

She gave her sister credit as Veronica didn't wince at her curse words.

"So, what do you say to pancakes for breakfast with some strawberries?"

Prue laughed before nodding in agreement. She watched her sister leave the room. Veronica grabbed the door ready to shut it, and panic gripped Prue tighter than ever. Her sister stopped and left the door open.

When she saw her sister leave Prue ran for the bathroom and threw up. She couldn't deal with this. It was just a f**king door. No one would harm her anymore.

She threw up until nothing else came up and she was only dry heaving.

Flushing the toilet, she grabbed a toothbrush to start cleaning away the taste of sick.

This is why you can't be with James.

Staring at her reflection she saw the perspiration dotting her forehead. The bruises didn't bother her. They were there and would soon fade, but this fear hurt her more than she liked to realise.

Once she cleaned her teeth, Prue made her way down to the kitchen. Her sister sat at the table hulling strawberries then placing them into a separate bowl.

"Shall I make the batter?" Prue asked.

"You make a much better pancake batter than I do."

Prue moved toward the pantry to grab everything she'd need to make the best pancakes ever. After grabbing flour, sugar, and eggs, she moved toward the kitchen. The television was on. She saw the news playing the report on a leading gang leader in England who had been seized during a raid.

Without waiting for her sister to say a word, she turned the channel over to play cartoons.

Veronica jumped then turned to her.

"What's the matter?" her sister asked.

"I can't watch that."

"Is that the guy?"

Nodding, Prue moved to the side and started weighing out ingredients, but her appetite was long gone.

"You know what? I need to take a walk." She dropped the measuring cups then walked out of the kitchen. Flour spilt over the side.

Grabbing her coat she left the house within minutes even as her sister called to her. She didn't look left or right but kept moving as if something was chasing her. The feel of the biting cold air helped to relieve the pressure in her chest.

Several people nodded in her direction, and she blanked them as she continued moving forward. She didn't have any cell phone or any money on her.

Prue didn't know where she was going or why. She kept moving needing the space around her.

When she stopped at the local park, she opened the gate and ran. No one was there to stop her or to pull her away. She basked in the freedom of being able to move without fear of being pulled back against her will.

Images of Daren and Henry grabbing her tugged at her mind. She ran until those images faded into nothing. When running hurt her side she slowed down to a walk and then stopped as she suddenly realized where she was. James's house stared back at her. She wrapped her fingers around the gate closing her off from him.

She used the button to try to gain his attention.

Why are you doing this? You said you needed time.

This is not giving him time.

I need to see him.

You're being cruel.

Still, Prue continued to press the button with a desperation she didn't understand. All she knew was that she needed to see him.

"What the f**k do you want?" James asked. His voice came over the intercom sounding distorted.

"I-it's me, Prue. I need to see you."

There was no sound, but she saw him running down the driveway to her. He opened the gate within moments and pulled her into his arms.

She sobbed as his arms wrapped around her. Prue held onto him as tight as she dared. After the way she'd treated him she was worried that he wouldn't want her again. He escorted her into the house.

Prue felt moisture on her cheeks and realised she'd been crying. James closed the front door and simply held her in his arms.

"I've got you, Prudence. I've got you, and I'm not letting go until you let me."

Closing her eyes, Prue inhaled his scent. She loved the fact his scent was comforting to her and that she needed him in order to feel safe. There was so much she loved about him, and it all scared her because even as she loved him, she felt the fear of what happened to her.

"You're wearing a robe," she said, stroking the soft fabric.

"You woke me up. I went to sleep a short time ago." He laughed kissing her head.

She leaned away to stare up at him. "He was on the news, and I needed to get away."

James touched her skin, and she was thankful his touch didn't repulse her.

In fact nothing about James repulsed her at all.

"You're freezing."

Prue frowned and then opened the belt keeping his robe together. She pushed the fabric down his arms watching as the length fell in a heap on the floor.

"Prudence, what are you doing?" he asked.

Before she gave herself time to think or to analyse what she was doing, she pressed her lips against his, wishing for the sweet oblivion of his touch.

For the first few seconds James succumbed to the kiss and then grabbed her cheeks to pull her away. "You said you needed time. Why are you doing this if you need time?"

"I need this, James. Please, I need to feel you against me, taking me and loving me like you did before..." She couldn't finish the words.

"Before you were taken?"

She nodded. The action was jerky, but it was better than putting her fears into words.

"I can't do this," James said, taking a step back.

"What?" She moved closer to him.

"This isn't right."

Prudence removed her coat until she stood before him in a plain white shirt and a pair of jeans.

All he wore was a pair of boxer shorts. She saw his arousal straining against the confines of the material. An answering pool of heat gathered inside her. She wanted him desperately.

Time.

No more time.

She pulled the shirt over her head then unbuttoned her jeans. Within moments she stood in his hallway completely naked.

For those moments she felt free as he stared at her with such lust in his gaze.

"I'm going to hell for this." He pulled her close, pressing his lips against hers.

Wrapping her arms around his neck she pressed her body against him. The feel of the hard ridge of his c**k next to her stomach made her melt. She remembered the feel of him inside her, the pleasure she could gain from giving herself to him. He plunged his tongue into her mouth, and she answered the call with the same passion.

"I love you, Prudence, I love you so much."

"I love you, too."

She closed her eyes feeling the pleasure he gave her. Closing her mind off to the pain she had felt seconds ago, Prue used her new-found freedom to explore the contours of his body. He lifted her in his arms and moved her upstairs to the bedroom. She didn't stop him. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she released one hand to run down his body to grasp his thick cock.

James cursed as she pumped the shaft, and she wanted to see his reaction to her touch.

"You're killing me," he said.

"Then we'll both go to heaven." She nibbled on his mouth relishing the groans escaping his lips. Prue felt powerful in his arms as she created such a response from him.

He tumbled her to the bed. She went to her knees and stared at him. James pushed the boxers down his thighs revealing his large arousal.

Her mouth watered, and for a split second she felt like her old self again.

She could forget about everything else as he stared at her like she was the sweetest morsel he'd ever tasted. He followed her to the bed. His mouth was on hers as his body opened her up. Fingers touched her slit, pressing a thumb to her clit. She was wet, but with James she was always aroused.

He slid a finger inside her, and Prue broke the kiss to gasp at the intense longing that filled her.

"Not enough," she said.

"What do you want, baby?" he asked.

"You. I want you inside me. I need it."

James fingered her cl*t refusing to do anything more than touch her. "Look at me," James said.

She did as he asked. His gaze held hers captive as he worked her body with his fingers.

This is who I am. You can do this, Prue.

You're not a terrified girl afraid of being closed off.

Close everything off and feel what he does to you.

"You're so beautiful, Prudence. I love watching you lose control. Feel what I can do to you."

His fingers pumped inside her warmth as his thumb pressed against her nub. Biting her lip, she gave herself to him.

Please, let me be free.

She silently begged him to release her. James was the only one she'd ever felt whole with. He gave as much as he took, and he loved her. There was no other man out there for her as far as she was concerned.

"Please, I need you inside me."

James cupped her cheek with his free hand. "Are you sure?"

"Yes."

He moved on the bed until he lay on his back. "Then take what you want," he said.

"What are you doing?" she asked, confused.

"Submitting to you, Prudence. Take what you want, and I'll give you what you need."

Prue knew what he was doing. He thought she'd lost her mind and would blame him as soon as they were finished.

She crawled over his lap, grabbed his cock, and aligned the heat of him with her opening. Eyes closed, Prue sank down on his length. She gasped as he filled her pu**y. Taking him as deep as she could, Prue let go of his shaft to hold onto his chest. His hands moved to her legs. He stroked her thighs as she took his c**k as deep as she could get him inside.

Next, she felt him touch her clit. The small stroke across her nub made her cry out and slam down on his cock.

They both cried out, and for Prue the pleasure consumed every part of her. She needed to feel him deep inside her.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you, too."

She moved her h*ps feeling him pull out of her and then slide back inside.

"Look at me."

Opening her eyes, she stared into his dark depths. James had always been a part of her ever since they'd met. There was a connection that flowed far deeper than either of them could have imagined, or at least Prue felt there was.

He sat up taking her in his arms. James pushed the hair off the side of her face, kissing her neck with tender lips.

She whimpered at the delicate touch he gave her.

"I'm sorry," he said.

Prue didn't want to hear those words. Fisting her hands in his hair, she tugged on the length and slammed her lips down to kiss him.

He rode the pleasure with her by stroking her cl*t and meeting each of her thrusts.

Within seconds Prue came apart in his arms. The satisfaction was nothing like she'd gained in his arms. Something was missing, and in those moments of realisation, Prue knew she'd made a mistake in forcing him to make love to her.

Chapter Fifteen

She tensed in his arms, and James knew what she was thinking. There was no doubt in his mind that she'd made a mistake. He couldn't deny her anything even though he knew it was a mistake taking her when he did.

Stroking her hair, James waited for her to push him away, calling him any number of names.

Prudence didn't say a word. He felt the wetness of her tears against his shoulder, and those tears broke his heart more than ever.

"I'm sorry," she said.

Cupping her cheeks, he made her look at him.

"Why are you sorry?" he asked.

The look of shock and pain on her face had the power to undo him. He couldn't believe what he was seeing.

"I shouldn't have come here and forced you to do what I just made you do."

Brushing his lips against hers, James shook his head. "No, don't think that."

"How can I not think it? I've just made you have sex with me. I'm worse than the men who took me."

She pulled away from him, climbing off his lap.

Wrapping the sheet around him, James held her hand stopping her from escaping him. She looked at his hand then up at him. "Don't ever think you're like those animals that took you. You're a million times better than any of those f**king men. Never let me hear you say otherwise."

Prudence sniffled and wiped her nose. "How could you ever love me?"

He folded her in his arms hating everything that happened to her.

"Please, don't do this to yourself, Prudence. You don't deserve this. I know what you were trying to do."

She sobbed in his arms. He sat her down on the bed, cupped her cheeks, and made her look at him. "Every part of me is yours. I love you more than anything, and I'd do anything you asked of me."

"I'm not ready for this." She pointed between them.

"I know. I'm prepared to give you the time."

He picked up the towel he discarded the previous night and wrapped the fabric around her arms.

"I'll grab your clothes. Don't go anywhere," he said.

James walked down the stairs and gathered her belongings. His home phone rang, and he picked it up.

"Hello," he said.

"James. Thank God, have you seen Prudence? She ran out of here after the news showed that man." Veronica sounded panicked.

"She's here with me. I'll drop her off at your place, and then we'll talk some more."

He spent several minutes reassuring her then hung up the phone. Walking back up the steps he found Prudence in the same spot as he left her. She wasn't shaking or anything.

When she turned to him there was a smile on her lips.

"Was that my sister?" she asked.

"Yes, she's worried about you."

He helped her off the bed then started to dress her. She stepped into the panties then stood as he placed the bra back on. Neither said a word as he put the clothes back on.

"I'm so sorry," she said.

"Don't be sorry."

Once she was dressed James quickly put some clothes on, and then together they walked down to the kitchen.

"I haven't got much to offer you but cereal," he said.

"Cereal is fine." She took the seat at the counter. The tension thickened in the room. She hadn't achieved great satisfaction with the sex they'd shared.

"I don't know why I feel the way I do," she said, making him pause as he reached for the milk. "I wasn't like this when I was trapped in that room. I would look in the mirror and talk to myself so that I'd remember who I was and what I was doing there." She chuckled. The sound felt forced to him. "They hated me because I refused to break. Look at me now," she said.

"You're not broken." He poured some chocolate cereal into a bowl followed by some milk then passed the bowl with a spoon to her. "You're strong, and don't ever forget it."

She took the food from him and began eating. He watched her for the longest time wishing there was something he could do to ease her suffering. Watching her in pain never felt right to him.

He ate his cereal before putting a call through to Arthur.

His driver called to let him know that he was waiting outside.

"I'm really sorry," she said as they made their way to the door.

"I don't want to hear you talking about being sorry. I want you to get back to who you were," he said.

James helped her into the back of the car. He remembered the card and quickly ran up to the house to grab it. When he came down he saw she was talking with Arthur.

The conversation ceased the moment he got back into the car. "I want you to take this and make an appointment to see this woman."

She took the card from him. "I don't want to see someone."

"Please, take it anyway. I want you to know that I'm supporting you in everything."

Prudence took the card from him. The drive to her house felt too short to him. Being away from her was a nightmare, but he'd do everything for her.

Her sister waited for them at the door with her arms folded. Prudence turned to him. She opened her mouth then closed it again.

"Thank you for being so understanding," she said.

He nodded then waved to Veronica.

"Are you all right, Sir?" Arthur asked.

Wiping the tears from his eyes James nodded. "Yes, Arthur, I'm fine."

When the door closed he gave his driver instructions to go to Ravage.

If he didn't go to his club soon then he wouldn't be able to walk through the doors. Police tape was across the doors. He ducked under the tape then used the key to open the main door. Turning on the light, he stared at the room that had caused him so much hell.

"Prue will be well looked after, James. I suggest you hurry. I'll give you a month. If I don't get my file in the next month, Prue goes up for auction, and she'll be lost."

Daren's words came back to haunt him.

She's not gone.

He moved past the main dance floor through to his office. Staring at the sofa where he left, James stroked the padded leather. Her scent lingered, or it could have been his imagination trying to pull every possible sign of her.

Sitting behind his desk, he ran his hands across the wood.

"I'm surprised you've come here," Stephen said.

James looked up to see his oldest friend stood in the doorway.

"How did you know where I was?" he asked.

"I went by your house and thought you'd come here. I waited to see you pull up then spoke to your driver before following you inside. You didn't lock the door."

"That seems to be the story of my f**king life at the moment," James said, running his fingers through his hair.

"You ran out fast last night. Do you want to talk about it?" Stephen asked, taking a seat across from him. The other man wore a long black coat and leather gloves.

"No, I don't want to talk about it."

"Fair enough. You were never one to talk anyway." Stephen sat back glancing around the office. "I've always thought this office was depressing."

"What do you think now?"

"That it's even worse. Josiah and Hubert came to see us. They talked about having a membership, and I gave each of them one. I doubt our clubs will be up to scratch anymore. Between the press and this shit with Henry and Daren, I think Ravage and Possession have run their course," Stephen said. "They took Dane."

"What do you mean?"

"I don't know what's happening, but I think they're planning on sending him back to England."

"They never mentioned it to me," James said, feeling sorry for the younger man.

"You didn't like him. Why would you care?"

"He helped me when it mattered the most to me."

They were silent for several seconds. James didn't know what to say. He'd never been given a reason to talk about his feelings. The only person he'd opened up to was Prudence, and she was gone.

"Prudence came to me this morning," he said, blurting the words out into space hoping there would be a magical answer.

"What did she want?" Stephen asked.

The guy opposite looked cautious as he asked the question.

"I don't know what she wanted. She was sobbing in my arms, and then she was removing my clothes. We had sex, and I know she didn't get all that much pleasure from it." James chuckled even though he desired to cry above everything else. "I sound like a pu**y."

"No, and stop saying that. You're not a pu**y. Maybe you should get her to talk with Violet."

The suggestion was lost on him. "That girl is quieter than a mouse. How would she help?"

"She spent the first part of her life being hidden from sight. They have a lot more in common than you might think. I'm sure Cadeon won't have a problem."

Stephen stood to leave. James remained seated.

"Did you lose your manners as well?" Stephen asked.

"I'm going to try and get my club up and running again. I suggest you do the same. Before all the crap that happened they were havens for men like us. I don't want those bastards to win."

"That's the fighting spirit."

Stephen left him alone with his thoughts. James hated his thoughts more than he hated anything else.

****

Prue listened to her sister rant and rave at her for leaving the house.

"You just ran off. What was I supposed to think?" Veronica asked.

"You weren't supposed to think anything. I'm not a child."

"Then why are you behaving like one?"

Prue stared at her sister and felt so angry at her. "I'm not behaving like a child. I'm trying to do something that will stop this feeling inside." Pressing a hand to her chest, Prue growled in annoyance. "Do you have any idea what this feels like?"

Veronica stared at her with pity. She despised the pity.

"There, see, look at your face. You pity me. I see it clearly on your face, and I hate that." Her voice rose with every word she spoke. "The man I've been in love with for the longest time has just driven away, and I want more than anything to stop him, and I can't. I don't know what to do to stop this." Running a hand down her face Prue stared out of the kitchen window. "I ran out of this house because of what I saw on the news. I needed to get away, and I ended up in James's house. He held me tightly and I loved that. His scent surrounded me, and I needed a break from being me."

She stared at her sister and watched as the older woman swallowed.

Tears clogged in her throat, but she continued talking no matter how painful it was. "I forced him to have sex with me. James tried to stop me, and I begged him. He can't deny me anything. I know that. He loves me and still made love to me. In the end, something held me back."

"You've been through something, and that is what's affecting you. You can't expect to be fixed," Veronica said.

"No, I don't expect to be fixed, but when your family comes back tomorrow, I'm going back home, and I'm doing everything I can until I'm fixed." Prue brushed past her sister and made her way to her room. She slammed the door closed then tensed. Growling with frustration, she opened the door then sat on the bed.

She grabbed a book off the side that Veronica left and started reading. The paperback was a romance but failed to calm her nerves. After a few hours passed Veronica came up carrying a tray of food.

"I've come with a peace offering," Veronica said.

"I don't need a peace offering." She put the book aside then moved as her sister put the tray on the bed.

"You don't need to leave tomorrow. I'd like for you to stay a few days."

Prue smiled. "You're playing mother hen again."

"We can't call our parents, and James will give you everything you need. Please, let me care for you for a change."

She nodded, picking up the piece of toast. "I could never stay angry at you for too long."

Veronica smiled.

Chapter Sixteen

The days passed, and Prue stayed with her sister for another week. Having Daniel and the children in the house was a welcome distraction. She saw the unease on her brother-in-law's face. Prue knew James was the cause, but she didn't do anything to put his mind at ease. She liked knowing James was her protector. He called her sister every day to get an update on her. Veronica didn't know she knew about the calls. She let it slide as her love for him never stopped.

She moved back home the following Monday and started distracting her thoughts by cleaning away the mess she'd left behind. Opening the windows she blasted the house with cold air getting rid of the dust. She dumped out the rotting food then made her way toward the grocery store. Passing the papers on the way to the store she saw Henry's picture on the front.

His photo didn't affect her, and for that she was relieved.

After she packed away the shopping she'd bought, she grabbed the paper and started looking for a job. As she sat looking for work the bell went on her front door. She ran to open it to find the two agents who visited her before James came to her in the hospital.

"Hello, Miss Star. I'm Hubert, and this is Josiah. We wanted to check up on you."

She stared at them amazed and then allowed them to enter her home.

"Why are you here?" she asked, taking a seat.

"We wanted to make sure you were settling in fine," Josiah said.

"I'm fine."

Prue moved away to the kitchen. She grabbed them a carton of juice. Being polite at the moment didn't feel right. "Have you spoken with James?" she asked, wanting to know if he was all right.

"He's doing fine. We wanted to make sure you were doing okay and to ask you some questions about your experience of being with Henry Warren."

She sat down on the sofa across from them. Prue grabbed a pillow and hugged it against her as she stared between the two men. They didn't frighten her. She answered their questions describing everything that happened from Jermaine being shot and then being recused by James. Prue didn't leave anything out.

"Daren Robinson was posing as a man named Leo, correct?" Hubert asked.

"Yes. He was the security man at the door of Ravage and was supposed to be James's friend, I think."

They scribbled notes into their books, and when they were finished they stood.

She shook each of their hands and watched them leave. When they were in the car, she sagged against the door and let out a long shuddering breath. She'd done it. She'd gotten through the questioning without a single panic attack.

Going back to the table she picked up the phone and started making some calls for a job. She was in the middle of a conversation when her door bell went again.

Talking on the phone she moved toward the door. Cadeon stood on the other side with Violet beside him. The woman looked heavily pregnant.

Ending the call she stared at the two people. "What's the matter? Is something wrong with James?" she asked, fearing for him.

"Nothing is the matter. James thought it would be good for you to talk with Violet. I'm here to make sure she's fine."

Violet smiled at her before turning to her husband.

"I'm going to Ravage. If you need me call, okay," Cadeon said.

Prue watched as Cadeon cupped Violet's cheeks and slammed his lips down on hers. Prue yearned for James's touch in that moment. Only when Cadeon was satisfied with his possessive kiss did he pull away.

"I'm fine, and I'll call the moment I need you," Violet said.

Cadeon turned to leave. She let the other woman inside then closed the door. "I'm sorry about that. Cadeon worries at the smallest of things."

Violet smiled then rubbed her stomach.

"Do you want anything to drink?" Prue asked.

Two visits in one day.

"Hot chocolate if you have it." Violet followed her through to the kitchen.

"You can sit down on the sofa if you want?" Prue made them both a hot chocolate before joining the other woman in the living room.

"I'm sorry for invading your space. James thinks it will be good if we both talk." Violet's subtle English accent came through as she spoke.

"Is this because of what happened with you and Dominic Green?" Prue asked. She saw the other woman didn't even flinch at the mention of the man's name.

Violet smiled. "Yes. I'm sorry to hear about you being taken. Cadeon grabbed me, and we left everything to the others. He hated leaving them in the middle of everything, but he feared for me. Ursula stayed with us as well."

Prue smiled, unsure what to say or how to take the woman in front of her. "I really don't know what to say to you."

The other woman smiled. She couldn't believe Violet was younger than she.

"I noticed you didn't shudder or flinch when I said Dominic's name," Prue said. There was no reaction from Violet. In that instant Prue envied the other woman.

"I'm thankful that his name no longer scared me. There was a time, not long ago, when I couldn't control myself when his name was mentioned." She sipped her chocolate then placed the hot cup on the coaster. "My heart would race." She pressed a hand against her chest. "And my palms would go all sweaty. I couldn't think or get the right words out. He scared me so much. I think Dominic Green was my father."

"What?" The words came out of her mouth before she even thought them.

"My mother worked for him as a prostitute. She ran away when she was pregnant with me, and for the longest time she kept me a secret. Dominic had a hold of all of the women he worked for. Any child born by his women would eventually work for him."

Violet paused to let out a breath.

"You don't have to tell me this," Prue said, feeling the lump in her throat.

"You're troubled. I see it in your eyes. This is not who I am. The girl who was hidden away and everything else, that was stuff that happened to me. The real person is the woman I've become. I'm Cadeon's wife and soon to be the mother of his child." She rubbed her stomach. "He's taught me not to be ashamed of who I am. What I went through made me a strong person."

Prue sipped the chocolate as the first tear started to fall.

"My mother, when she gave birth to me, knew I'd become Dominic's property, and when I was at the right age, he'd start selling me for money. She did everything she could to protect me until she killed herself."

"Your mother killed herself?" Prue asked, shocked. This woman had a horrid upbringing in comparison to her own.

"Yes, I ran away. I did everything I could to get away. Then I met Cadeon, and everything has fallen into place. I'm in love. I'm safe, and I'm happy. You saw the way he is." Violet smiled.

"He's possessive." Prue agreed, smiling. She recalled the feel of James being just as possessive with her. There was a dominance with James that she loved. He needed to be in control.

Not the other day. He let you take control and do what you wanted.

"You spent most of your early years being hidden away?"

"Yes, when my mother had visitors she'd make sure I couldn't hear anything or that no matter what I was hidden from sight. She protected me in her own way. No one hurt me."

"How have you gotten over that?" she asked.

"Being hidden away?"

Prue nodded.

"For the most part, I let Dominic win because I refused to come out of the dark. I stayed hidden by changing my name and staying away from everything. I realised that all that was happening was he was winning. I didn't have anything to look forward to in life. He won at everything."

"What changed?"

Violet smiled, sipping her coffee. "When you wake up one day and wonder where the time has gone. I left England, and when I thought back over my life I realised I'd done nothing except hide. Dominic won because I couldn't be myself."

"Everything changed with Cadeon?" Prue asked.

"Yes, everything of importance in my life. He gave me a life by loving me."

Prue smiled. She wished in her heart it could be that easy for her.

Violet talked with her for several more minutes before she phoned Cadeon to pick her up. Prue saw her out of the house and waved after them.

For the first time Prue was happy for the silence in her room. Closing her eyes, she moved through her house and went to her small garden in the back. The cold air kept the neighbours inside, which she liked. Having to force a conversation was incredibly difficult for her.

Prue inhaled the cold air hoping for the freezing temperatures to fix her mind of all of its problems.

"Come on, Prue. What is wrong with you?"

When no answers came she moved back inside. Locking the door she walked over to the table and threw the card that James had given her into the trash bin. She didn't need to talk to a professional about her problems.

Picking up the phone she dialled the supermarket and arranged for an interview for the following day. She didn't want to be controlled by her fears, and working in a public place where she needed to interact with others would be the perfect solution.

****

"I talked with her, James. I don't know if I helped or hindered," Violet said. "I did all I could. She seems fine if a little raw around the edges."

James stared at the woman sat in Cadeon's lap. He envied the love between them. They were an unstoppable force that couldn't be broken.

"I'm grateful for everything you've done, Violet. I really appreciate it." He tapped her knee then sipped the hot coffee. They were at Possession, which was open once again. Several men had returned with the opening, but many were still dubious about the press and other activities. Stephen sat with Ursula in his lap. Lucas and Sean were absent while Kevin and Tate sat with them but continued to stare at where Rebecca sat in the corner.

"She'll come around, James. You've got to have faith, or is my friend starting to see the cracks in his appeal?" Stephen asked, smiling.

James chuckled. The sound was foreign to him. For a long time neither of them had a lot to smile about, but now, they could smile without worry. He raised his coffee cup.

"To us."

They all clinked then sat back to listen to Abigail sing another rich number. James watched her wishing for Prudence in his arms. Every time he saw his friends a yearning filled his chest. Ravage would be open in a couple of days, and that alone should fill his time. Also the Dungeon at the basement of the club would be back in business.

Several subs had requested for him personally to train them. He refused and decided to look for a new head dominant to take the subs in hand. James wouldn't be dominating anyone but Prudence.

They held a bond, and as far as he knew she still kept his token.

He'd stopped the alcohol as well. Drowning his sorrows in the bottom of a bottle never helped anyone.

Standing up, he bid them good night then made his way out into the bitterly cold air.

"James, wait up," Stephen called.

He turned. "What's the matter?"

"Ursula reminded me to ask you about Christmas. What are you doing?"

"I've got nothing planned." He'd wanted to spend Christmas with his woman, but that didn't appear to be on the plans anytime soon.

"We're inviting all the guys. Tate and Kevin are coming, along with Sean and Lucas. Cadeon and Violet will be stopping by. Also Isabella and Rebecca are staying. We're having a feast at our house, and I wanted to let you know the invitation is there. If Prue wants to come, then bring her along. No one should be alone for Christmas."

"I'll think about it."

Stephen shook his hand. "Everything is going to change. I can feel it. The bad is over, and we're looking ahead to the good."

James watched him walk inside, hoping he was right.

Chapter Seventeen

"Ouch." Prue licked her thumb. She'd purchased a machine to peel the selotape easily, but she kept hurting her thumb on the pointed edge. "You're supposed to make my life easier not harder."

She grabbed another piece to finish wrapping a present for her sister. Christmas was a few days away, and she had everything in hand for the event. She was spending the day with Veronica. Their parents were on a cruise for three weeks, and Prue didn't want to be alone. James hadn't been in touch with her. She couldn't blame him as she hadn't reached out to talk with him either.

Cursing, she glared at the tape dispenser and then jumped as her doorbell rang. Sucking her thumb she opened the door without looking. James stood on the threshold. He wore a long leather coat and gloves. She noticed how dominating he looked. His presence alone had the power to freeze her to the spot.

"James," she said.

Gazing up and down at him, Prue memorized every part of him. She'd missed him.

"Hello, Prudence."

He made her name sound so good.

"I didn't expect you. I've not heard from you in some time," she said, moving aside for him to enter. The last time she'd seen him had been a mistake. She hated herself for what she'd made him do.

"Ravage is back open, and I've been working at getting the club's reputation back up to standard."

"I guess it's hard work after the shooting and everything else attached to it." Prue tucked her hair behind her ear then went to kneel at the table. The tension between them made her uncomfortable.

"You cut your hair," he said.

She'd cut the length out as soon as she could. The length had started to grow back some but was still shorter than it had been. "It's not long enough to dye."

"I didn't know there was a length requirement to dye your hair." He smiled at her.

She laughed. "No, there's not. I have my methods, and I don't like changing them." Staring at the packages before them Prue's heart began to pound inside her chest. "What can I do for you?"

With Ravage back open did that mean he was training more subs?

Stop thinking about that, Prue. You wanted this. Stop being difficult.

"It's Christmas, and I got you a present," he said.

Prue paused as she stared at him. "You got me a present?" she asked.

"Yes, we may not be seeing one another, but you're still my woman, Prue."

He opened his jacket then pulled out a square box. It wasn't the size of a ring. The box had a bow on the front, and there was ribbon around it.

She took the box turning it over in her hands.

"It's not going to bite," he said.

"I'm sorry." She rummaged through the pile of presents with one hand. When she found the one she was looking for, Prue handed it to him. "I was going to bring this to you at some point. I figured I'd try and get somewhere public because of what happened last time."

He stared at the parcel.

"You can remove your coat. Would you like a drink? Coffee, tea, or a hot chocolate?" she asked.

James sat in her living room, and she wanted him to stay more than anything else. She'd missed him, and watching him leave now would break her heart.

"I'll have a hot chocolate if that's not too much trouble," he said.

"No trouble." She stood up and moved into the kitchen. He followed her. She filled the pan with milk then turned to see him leaning against the doorframe.

"I've missed watching you in the kitchen."

She chuckled. "Take a seat. I made a Christmas cake if you want a slice."

"I'd love some."

He sat down. She caught her reflection in one of her pans. The bruises had long since faded. She looked like her old self apart from her hair. The hair needed to be changed.

Leaving the pan of milk to heat, she grabbed the cake from out of the cupboard and sliced a piece.

"I've not made Christmas cake in a long time. You'll have to let me know what you think," she said, handing him the plate with a fork.

Their fingers touched as he took the plate. She gasped at the jolt of electricity running between them. Staring into his eyes Prue saw the warmth in his own as he watched her.

He brought her fingers to his lips. The feel of his lips against her made her gasp. Her eyes closed as her body turned to mush from his touch.

Within moments of his touch her body was aflame begging for more of his magical caresses.

"What do you do to me?" she asked.

"I could ask you the same question."

Prue stared at his crotch. The evidence of his arousal was plain to see as his c**k pressed against the front of his pants.

"Nothing has ever changed for me, Prudence. I want you badly."

"How can you stand to be around me after what I did?" she asked, thinking about the way she begged him last time.

James stood cupping her cheek with his huge palm. "None of that matters to me, baby. You're not ready for me. I see that, and I respect you enough to give you all the time you need." He pressed his lips against hers. "Make no mistake, Prudence. I've never stopped wanting you, and I've never stopped loving you." He placed her palm against his heart. "That is one thing I can guarantee you is never going to change."

She licked her lips, unable to say anything more. Words failed her. Prue wanted to say something that would show him her feelings, but they got lost. They stayed locked away in her mind.

"Your milk will spoil if you don't use it."

Spinning away from him, she took the milk off the heat. She chopped the chocolate then finished making the drinks before turning back to him. Her hands no longer shook as she gave him his cup.

"Thank you."

They walked into the sitting room. She placed her cup on the coaster amongst the piles of presents.

"Did you get all your shopping done?" he asked.

She laughed. "Can you tell? I've never been great at shopping for people. I like to make food gifts. This year I thought shopping for presents would make them enjoy the food I give them more. That's the idea, but I doubt it will work."

Prue spent the next few hours talking him through what she'd bought. She was surprised when he knelt at the table beside her and started wrapping. In no time at all the tension between them faded. She laughed at the jokes he told and the strange way he wrapped gifts.

"You're supposed to be wrapping a teddy bear, and that does not look anything like a cuddly teddy," she said, laughing as James shook his head. He'd wrapped tape around his hand, attaching himself to the gift.

"At least the girl or woman getting this gift will not have any clue to what you've bought," he said. "Help me out of this."

She removed the tape. "This is fun."

"The best kind of wrapping in the world," he said.

Prue didn't want the moment to end. She knew any moment he'd get up and walk out of her house.

She cleared her throat reaching for a book she'd bought Veronica. "So ... erm ... Ravage is back open?" she asked, changing the subject.

"Yes. The investigation ended after they got the security footage. Tate and Kevin had installed security cameras that showed the whole thing. We were all cleared, and the club was cleaned up."

"I'm glad," she said. Ravage was part of James. She knew it must have hurt him to see them close it for any length of time.

"Ravage keeps me busy."

The lump returned to her throat.

"I know this isn't my place to ask, but do you have a sub? Have you moved on with that lifestyle?" she asked, hating herself as she spoke the words.

****

His shoulders slumped. They'd been having a lot of fun until that question was asked. James was thankful Ravage was back open. The past few weeks had been a blessing as he'd concentrated on getting his club back up to standard. The moments where his thoughts were plagued by Prue were lessening even though he yearned for her with a passion that startled him.

Before he'd knocked on her door he'd circled the street for the past hour debating whether he should go to her or not.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked that." Prue grabbed their cups then walked away into the kitchen.

James frowned. He was getting tired of her constantly walking away from him.

Following her into the kitchen he saw her making more chocolate milk.

"Is this where you say you're leaving?" Prue asked without turning around to face him.

He cursed. The word sounded harsh and unfair, but he couldn't stop it. "Fuck!"

She flinched.

James didn't care. Closing the distance between them, he grabbed her arms and spun her around. He caught her chin in his hand forcing her to look at him.

"What part of 'you're mine and I've never stopped wanting or loving you', don't you understand?" he asked.

"You don't need to stop any of those things to take a sub, James. I know that."

He stared into her eyes seeing the fear of being replaced in her depths. James shook his head. What had happened to them?

Stroking her hair, James surrounded her with his arms. He wanted to protect her and push all of her negative thoughts away.

"There is no one in my life, Prudence. No sub or other woman. I wasn't lying when I said I only wanted you." He kissed the top of her head.

"You won't take a sub?"

"No. You're my sub, Prudence. Always and I hope you never forget it."

He held her as she calmed down. Her fears were unjustified. Taking another sub was out of the question from the moment she walked into Ravage.

"What are you doing for Christmas?" he asked.

"I'm going to Veronica's for the day. What are you doing?"

James closed his eyes. He'd come tonight not to just give her a gift but to also invite her to Stephen's for dinner. He wouldn't make her choose between him and her sister.

"I've got an arrangement with Stephen and the gang. Come on, let's make this chocolate and finish wrapping."

Prudence nodded. He helped her make their drinks, then followed her into the living room. James couldn't help but admire the curve of her ass. He loved her ass as much as he loved the woman.

Patience was not one of his qualities, but he'd do everything he needed to do to win her trust. The rest of the night passed without any problems. He got her to laugh before he left her alone for the night.

She stood at the door looking out. The snow lay thick on the ground. He looked forward to summer. This winter felt like it had lasted a lifetime.

"I hope you have a wonderful Christmas," he said, brushing her lips with his.

"I wish the same to you." She held him close then let him go.

"Take care."

Arthur waited for him. Instead of climbing in the back James got into the passenger seat beside him.

"Are you all right, sir?" Arthur asked.

"I'll be fine."

He gave his driver the signal to start driving. Glancing back at Prudence's door, he hoped to catch a glimpse of her. She'd already gone inside, but the curtain to the sitting room twitched. There she stood looking out at him. She lifted her hand, waving at him.

James waved back not sure if she saw him or not.

His chest hurt from leaving her behind. Each day they were apart he felt like he was dying inside.

He watched the passing streets go by. The houses were alight with decorations. He wished his heart could be filled with the Christmas cheer. The plans he had made for the festive season would be changed. Spending the few days with his friend could be enjoyable. James gave Arthur instructions to pick him up on Christmas Eve. He'd give him a huge bonus for being a reliable person.

James watched him go before entering his home. The cold space did nothing to ease his pain. All he wanted to do was go back to where Prue was and wrap his arms around her.

Chapter Eighteen

Two months later

Prue stared out at the filled park. Spring was a welcome relief from the horrid depths of winter. She fingered the necklace resting on her bosom as she watched the people enjoying the sunshine. She couldn't believe it had been two months since Christmas. There was a point throughout it all when she felt she'd go insane from being asked if she was all right or how she was doing.

Removing her cardigan, she laid her head against the bench basking in the heat. She'd not seen James since that night before Christmas. They'd spoken on the phone thanking each other for their gifts. She wore part of her gift around her neck.

He'd bought her a gold necklace with a silver collar. Veronica had gone red, as her sister knew the significance of the collar, but her brother-in-law had thought it was a bizarre gift.

She smiled thinking about the silver collar back at home. The gold necklace was a more subtle gift. She touched the diamond resting between her br**sts thinking about the man who'd bought her the extravagant gift.

"I see you like it," James said.

Opening her eyes Prue smiled to see James stood over her.

"What are you doing here?" she asked.

He carried a picnic basket in one arm and a blanket in the other. She noticed the bracelet she'd gotten him was wrapped around his wrist. Prue had bought the gift before she'd been taken. The bracelet, in her mind, was a sign that he belonged to her and no one else.

"I love my gift," she said, remembering his original question.

"Good, where's your other one?" he asked.

"Tell me what you're doing here?" She stared around them seeing the people going about their business. None of the men who were walking caught her attention. The only man she wanted was standing in front of her.

"I heard from a buzzing bee that you were at the park. Come on, walk with me," he said.

His muscles bulged at the weight of the basket he was carrying.

She stared at his arms feeling a heat pool in her stomach. Shit, she was starting to react like a horny teenager.

Grabbing her cardigan and purse she walked with him along the park. They moved out of the way for several runners.

"You've got people following me, haven't you?" she asked. James turning up like this with a picnic basket could only be explained by him having people watch her.

He stopped turning toward her. "The last time I left you alone and unprotected you were taken away from me. I'm not going to let it happen again."

James took her hand in his, and they began walking.

"That's not going to happen again. They're gone, James."

"I don't care. You mean too much to me, and I've failed once. I'm not going to fail again."

She remained silent after that. There were no words to try to make everything easier. You like this protectiveness, Prue.

"So, where is the collar I sent you?" he asked.

Prue laughed. "You should have seen Veronica's face when she saw it. Considering she hates the lifestyle, she knew what the collar stood for." She tucked her hair behind her ear.

The length was dyed, but this time she'd had blue highlights underneath the black instead of the red. She liked the different colour.

"I've got the collar on my nightstand along with your cross. Do you want me to give you the cross back?" she asked.

"No, I want to see you wearing it again. The collar is for us in private. The cross is for you to wear at all times. Have you tried the collar on?"

Heat filled her cheeks. "Yes, I tried it on."

When she had opened the gift, she'd stared in the mirror as she placed the collar around her neck. The silver chain had looked good. The feel of the cold metal against her neck had turned her on. Before she had gone to bed she'd stared at the collar waiting for something to happen so she could wear it.

What was she waiting for?

Prue didn't know the answer.

"This is a good spot." James laid the blanket out under a tree. They were out in the open together. He sat down on the blanket then patted the seat next to him. Prue joined him, holding the cardigan in her lap. She lay back staring up at the sky.

"I've missed you," she said.

He lay back next to her resting his head on his hand. "I've missed you, too." James stroked her arm. She stared at the flesh where he touched watching the goose-bumps erupt along her arm.

She was waiting for something from him, but she didn't know what.

"You're working at a supermarket," he said.

"Do you not approve?" she asked, looking up at the sky.

"Yes. You could come and work for me at Ravage. I'd love to see you."

Prue listened to him talk. She couldn't help but think about the time when he'd demanded she work for him. Where had the possessive James gone?

"I'm happy working in the supermarket. The people are nice, and I get to work good hours."

She was only working part time. Veronica still worried about her even though she no longer panicked when the door closed. Prue had woken up one day to see she'd closed the door to her bedroom. There was no panic or fear. She'd climbed out of bed opened the door then closed it again.

The small victory felt less with James around. They weren't together like that. The gifts they shared were meaningless in light of everything that happened between them. James no longer came into her life and demanded things of her. He kept his distance and phoned her. She'd gotten use to his possessive, domineering ways. Prue missed that side of James, the side that held the power to make her so angry she could claw his eyes out.

"Let's eat," he said, breaking into her thoughts.

"Why did you come here?" she asked.

What was she hoping for with her questions? There were answers she expected, yet she still waited for him to speak?

****

"I'm not asking for much, Prudence. Please, sit and eat lunch with me, and then we'll go for a walk," James said. He'd spent Christmas with Stephen and the guys along with the New Year, but without Prudence, he'd felt alone. He couldn't believe when he'd seen the pictures and read the reports about her getting a job. She'd got a job working for a local supermarket chain, and the thought alone made him laugh. Prudence was his woman, and he was a wealthy man. She shouldn't have to be working at all. He wanted to laugh at the report he'd gotten about what she did with her time. Besides the job, she went to the library or visited her sister. Prudence didn't do anything else. Her friends were in touch via phone, but she didn't go out. None of them had gone to Ravage either. He wanted her working for him so he could keep an eye on her. The number of times he'd gotten Arthur to drive past her door was ridiculous. He'd thought about charging into her house and demanding that she work for him like he used to. Instead, he got Arthur to take him home. Speaking of a social life, he didn't have one either. He worked at Ravage then visited his friends at Possession. Nothing else excited him, not even monitoring the Dungeon below Ravage. All of the BDSM stuff was lost on him. He'd gotten a new master to train the subs. The guy was called Gabe, and he was a good Dom. He knew what subs needed.

James would gladly pay Prudence a salary to work for him, and he'd stayed away from her as long as he could. The days apart were getting harder. He started to feel like a stalker with the number of times he passed her house.

He woke up late at night thinking about her warm sweetness and what it would be like to have her next to him. His memory was no longer good enough to satisfy the craving inside him. Only Prudence could tame this beast.

"I didn't want to argue. What do you have?" she asked, rubbing her hands together.

He laughed then opened the basket. The deli he used had been more than willing to produce him a basket for him to take to lunch. He handed her a loaf and watched as she snapped some off then took a bite.

Watching her eat was a pleasure to him. He pulled out some cheese, cooked meats, and spreads. Once everything lay around them they both began to eat. The sun felt great against his skin. They didn't talk about anything other than the pleasure of the food they were eating.

For the time they spent eating James could pretend nothing else was wrong between them.

When the food was all gone, Prudence helped to pack up. Each time she touched him James struggled to concentrate on the task at hand. The desire to grab her and kiss her consumed him.

He held her hand, grabbed the basket then started leading her around the park. Many of the people had left leaving only pre-school children, parents, and a few stragglers behind.

"Thank you for lunch. I enjoyed it."

"I was wondering if you'd come to the club at some point," he said, broaching the subject. He'd love to see her at Ravage.

She froze by his side. "I don't know. I haven't thought about going out or anything like that."

James kept moving with the hope she'd not try to cut short their time together. He was at his wits' end with regard to her.

"Why? We need to move on, Prudence."

"We need to move on? You haven't even come to see me in the last two months. What am I supposed to think? One moment you say I'm all you want and then only call me? Do you have a woman, James? Is this just a courtesy call?" She stopped in the centre of the path to berate him.

"What the hell are you trying to say?" They were secluded from sight as the trees around them offered the privacy they needed. His anger rose as she glared at him. He didn't like her temper or the way her questions were going.

"Two months is a long time. Are you sure there isn't a woman at Ravage satisfying your needs?"

He saw red. James pressed her back against the nearest tree with his body on hers.

The last two months had been a nightmare. All he wanted to do was be with her and to take her in his arms. Nights of losing himself to his hand instead of her body drove him to the edge of need.

"Do you really think another woman would satisfy me?" he asked. It was a shame she wore jeans because he'd gladly show her what he needed at that moment. He took her hand then rubbed his dick against her palm. "Feel that. I only get hard for you, baby."

Her eyes were wide as was her lips.

"There is no other woman for me. I'm doing what you f**king asked me to. I'm giving you space, and it's costing me my f**king sanity. Don't you ever say shit like that to me again." He slammed his hand against the tree, annoyed with her and the situation they were in.

Picking up the picnic basket, he tugged on her elbow. James left her at the park as he walked off his frustration.

Prudence really had no clue how insane he was going over her. The women who tried to come onto him couldn't compare to Prudence. She'd entered his life, screwed with his head, and now he struggled to find the switch to turn off his feelings for her.

He sat watching his friends find happiness. Even Tate, Kevin, and Rebecca were getting there. Leaving the picnic basket at the deli, James went straight to the gym inside his home. Exercise was the only form of activity that stopped the rioting emotions from exploding over inside him.

Chapter Nineteen

She shouldn't be here. Prue stared around the dance floor as her nerves kept her in place by the bar. Becky and Anya had agreed to go with her to Ravage. They hadn't been back since the place closed. She didn't know why they stayed away. The place appeared to be thriving, and it was only eight o'clock on a Friday.

"Can I help you?" the barman asked.

"What's your name, sweetness?" Becky asked, taking a liking to the barman.

"Gabe, sugar. What can I get you?" The charm dripping out of his mouth should be illegal. Prue ignored him and kept an eye out for the man she was really here to see.

"You were rude," Anya said, pulling out a tip.

"You should leave a tip after he's served you," Prue said.

"I did. You're too much in your own little world to care."

Her friends sat down beside her, looking out onto the dance floor. All Prue saw was the way James took over when men tried to dance with her. She wondered if his possessive instincts had faded toward her. He no longer seemed to care about her.

Stop this, Prue. You're starting to sound like a broken record.

She stared down at her hands then reached behind her.

"I'm really happy you agreed to go with me," she said, staring between her two friends.

Becky and Anya looked at one another before turning to her.

"I was shocked you called at all. I've not heard from you in so long I thought something had happened to you. You're working in a supermarket, Prue. You hate those places."

She shrugged, sipping her drink. There was only a small amount of alcohol in her drink. Prue needed to keep her wits about her. She sipped her drink while gazing out at the floor. The couples looked so relaxed and happy.

I miss this.

"I'm sorry I haven't called or gone out. Life has been pretty hectic," Prue said, stirring her drink with the straw.

"Did James break up with you?" Becky asked, brushing aside her hair. "I can't believe you got the blue colour."

Prue smiled. "Yeah, I needed a change, and I don't know what's happening between James and me. It's complicated."

"Sorry to interrupt you ladies, but these drinks are for you," Gabe said, placing three filled glasses in front of them.

Prue handed Gabe her empty glass. "Who are they from?" she asked.

"The boss, there." Gabe pointed at the alcove where she and James had once danced. There he stood, dressed in leather looking as commanding as he usually did.

Her heart rate picked up. He looked so good with his arms folded over his chest. The muscles bulged. She remembered what it felt like to be pushed against the tree with his body crowding her.

"Speak of the handsome devil," Anya said.

"Excuse me." Prue took her drink and moved toward the alcove where he stood. His gaze followed her. Prue loved his attention, and the knowledge he still watched her sent a thrill up her spine. "Hi," she said. Words failed her. Being close to him reminded her how tall and imposing he was.

"You came."

"Yes, this place is great."

"And you're out with your friends."

"Yes."

Where was the easy banter between them? Even when he dated her sister they'd gotten on better than this. The lack of conversation made her uneasy. His gaze remained on hers. She didn't know what to say. Staring at the floor she waited for the right words to spring to mind.

"You look good," he said, cutting through the silence.

"Thank you."

"I hope you have fun. The drinks are on the house." James turned to leave. Seeing his back spiked her anger.

"That's it? That's all you're going to say to me?"

"What more is there to say?" he asked, turning to face her.

"You use to be different. Why don't you care?" She hated the way she sounded so needy. This wasn't her. She didn't like feeling this way.

"Enjoy yourself, Prue."

The use of her nickname annoyed her. James refused to call her by anything other than Prudence, and yet there he'd just called her Prue.

Turning away from him, she went back to her friends. She downed her drink then ordered another. "I suggest you drink to your hearts' content, ladies. James says the drink is on the house."

Gabe handed her another drink, which she downed in one.

She lifted her hands above her head letting out a whoop. Her friends did the same.

"Come on, let's dance."

Prue tugged them onto the dance floor. The number was fast, and she rocked her body with the beat of the music. Throwing her arms above her head, Prue worked her hips. She matched her friends step for step not wanting the glorious buzz to stop.

When one song ended, she ran to the bar and downed a shot. She began to feel the buzz of the alcohol along with the heavy thump of the music. Even though she laughed with her friends and then danced suggestively with the men who came near her, Prue knew something was missing.

James didn't come out of his office. Men wrapped their arms around her waist then humped her backside, and he didn't come out to stop them. She didn't know what annoyed her more, the lack of response or the fact she missed the response he used to give. James had once told her she was all his. He was an owner, and she was his property. At that moment, she felt like he'd put her up for sale.

She went to the bar and ordered a glass of water. One of the guys followed her. Prue ignored him. She didn't want his attention, and he'd been dancing with one of her friends.

Gabe handed her a glass.

"Fuck off," he said to the man beside her. The look Gabe gave the man would kill people on the spot. The guy beside her left in the next instant.

"Thanks." She sipped the water looking toward the office.

"He's in his office if you wish to go and see him."

Draining the water she left her seat heading toward his office.

****

James turned the computer screen off. After watching several men dancing with his woman he was struggling with the urge to go out and murder them. He sat in his office chair clawing at the handles to stay in place. Never in all of his life had he needed to fight his natural instincts.

Gabe came through to his office to let him know he was keeping an eye on her. The new Dom at Ravage was a blessing. James had told Gabe about Prudence and had also shown him a photo of her hoping she'd come back to his club.

He wished he hadn't invited her back.

The way she moved tantalised him. Her h*ps swung from side to side, and her tits moved with each beat. Shit, his c**k thickened in his pants. Two months without her and he threatened to rip apart his trousers in order to get to her.

His office door opened and slammed against the wall. Prudence stood glaring at him. She stepped into his office looking threatening. He found her cute with her arms folded. She wasn't tall, and her presence was more adorable than scary.

She closed the door advancing closer to his desk.

"Why are you here, Prudence?" James asked. Her scent was driving him crazy. In the short space everything about her filled every part of his office. Her scent, the way she looked, everything captivated him. She always wore the most subtle perfume, which always drove him crazy with wanting her.

"You ask me to come to Ravage; you buy me a drink, and then nothing?"

He heard the hurt in her voice. Calling her Prue had been a mistake. He'd hated the word on his tongue. To him, her name would always be Prudence.

"I asked you to come. I never said I'd use the moment to take advantage of you or anything else."

I want to bend you over this desk and f**k you so hard it hurts.

He couldn't stand up, as otherwise she'd see the evidence of his raging arousal. His desire for her never ceased, and it was starting to really irritate him. He was tired of looking. Watching and not being able to touch was driving him crazy. At the park he'd wanted to tear her jeans off and f**k her. Every chance he got he thought about taking her, loving her, and making her his once again.

Prudence was his, and he didn't understand why there was this void between them. He couldn't stop it. Each time he tried to give in to his possessive nature, he stopped, remembering what she'd been through.

"How can I not think you've got someone else when you treat me like this? I thought you loved me and you wanted me?"

"I do. I want your safety above all things."

Tears filled her eyes. He held onto the edge of the desk to keep him in place. If he touched her then they'd both be lost. He couldn't give her what she needed.

"I needed to see you," she said.

Her voice went straight to his cock. He wasn't some teenage boy, and yet his body betrayed him as if it was. Growling in frustration, James pushed away from the desk. He stood and opened his arms. His anger at what was happening between them made him lose control.

"There, now you've seen me. I'm alive and living to see another f**king day. Are you happy?" he asked.

"What is going on?" She took a step closer.

"Beats me, baby. I seem to get one step closer to you, and you take one step back."

She stopped when there was only an arm's length between them. The distance wasn't far, but to James it felt like they were worlds apart. He stared at Prudence and saw the woman he loved. She was the one he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. The barrier, invisible, separated them from each other and from their happiness.

"I can't stop this," he said. "Only you can stop this."

"I don't know what to do."

He ran his fingers through his hair. Even if they called it a day, James knew there would never be another woman for him. There would be women he used to f**k to rid himself from the pain, but none of them would mean anything. The thought of touching another woman made him sick to his stomach.

Cupping her cheek, James rested his head against hers. There was only one thing he could think of that they hadn't tried.

"I need you to speak with that woman, the psychologist. I gave you her card. I want you to make an appointment to see her."

She tensed in his arms. He stroked her face and shushed her. "Don't speak, Prudence. Not now, I need you to listen to me."

James sensed she wanted to argue with him. She calmed down in a matter of moments, and he kissed her head.

"Make an appointment and talk with this woman. I'm not giving up on us, Prudence."

"I don't need to speak with someone."

"If you don't speak with this woman then we're through," James said. He hated the words but knew they were necessary in order for his woman to find peace.

"You can't mean that," she said. Her lips quivered. More than anything, James wanted to give in. He wanted to hold her in his arms and promise that everything would be okay. Instead, he shook his head taking a step back.

"I mean it. Do this for us, Prudence."

He turned away from her and took his seat back behind the desk. Opening the file in front of him he started marking up the accounts. Ravage was slowly easing back into profit.

Prudence stared at him. He felt her eyes on him while he worked.

"I don't have her number anymore," Prudence said.

"Then I'll book the appointment, and I'll tell you the time and the date."

She looked like she wanted to say something else. Within moments he heard the door close behind her, leaving only her scent behind.

Leaning back in his chair, he grabbed the phone while also logging into the security cameras on his computer. Her image came on screen. He zoomed in to watch her finish some water before leaving without her friends.

"Josiah? James Castleden here. Could you give me the name and number of that psychologist woman?"

He jotted down the name and number then hung up. Right at that moment James would do anything to keep their relationship together.

Chapter Twenty

Seeing the therapist

Prue sat in the waiting room and felt like everyone was staring at her. She'd never been to a therapist for anything in her life. The only time she'd spoken to someone like this was with her tutor with regards to discussing her future. She flicked through the magazine wishing the time would pass.

When James called her to confirm the appointment she'd tried to talk him out of it. He'd become firm, and there was no breaking his resolve. Going to therapy to sort out her troubles was foreign to her. She'd never come from money, and her family solved problems by addressing them in a stern but calm manner or by forgetting about them. Someone coughed in the room. The sterile environment put her on edge. Running her fingers through her hair, she stared at the posters on the walls.

James refused to have anything to do with her until she talked to someone about her problems. Four months had passed since she'd been taken. Living at her home grew easier every day she lived there. Spending time with her sister was enjoyable, but she missed the freedom of her old self. She no longer went out with friends apart from the time at Ravage. Once in the last four months was unacceptable. Becky and Anya had been offish with her for some time. She was pleased when she'd entered Ravage that she hadn't been overcome with a panic attack. Getting on the dance floor had felt like freedom in some way. Prudence feared that Ravage would turn into a kind of hell for her instead of the sanctuary she saw it. When the pictures lost her attention she sat with her hands grasping her seat.

She tapped her fingers against the leather couch then checked her watch. Prue made a note to never arrive early. Sitting in this waiting room for any length of time would have her clawing her hair out in no time.

You're doing this for you and James.

You can get through this.

The door opened wide, and her name was called through. Grabbing her purse she walked into the room. Eyes followed her, or at least she thought they did. A very thin blonde woman stood by the door. Prue looked at her, wishing she didn't look like a therapist. The woman's arm pointed out in the direction of the seats.

"You're Prudence Star?" the woman said.

"Yes, but most of the people I know call me Prue. And you are?" she asked. In her fight to not come she hadn't given note to the woman's name. James organised her appointment as she'd thrown the woman's card in the trash.

Why are you babbling?

Her nerves were getting the better of her.

"Priscilla Charles. Please, take a seat."

Prue moved to the sofa that sat opposite a single chair. She sat in the centre then rubbed her sweaty palms over her thighs.

"It's a pleasure to have you here, Prue." Priscilla placed a pair of glasses on, then looked over a file resting in her lap. "James was kind enough to tell me some information, and I've got some information on your case in front of me. Would you enlighten me?"

Prudence looked at the older woman and felt a lump in her throat. "You know James?"

"Yes, we go way back as we used to be in the same school together. A lifetime ago."

Jealousy spiked through Prudence. She didn't like the thought of this woman knowing her man intimately or not.

James has never talked about her. Stop overreacting.

"Please, Prue, we're not here to talk about him. We're here to talk about you. Would you enlighten me about yourself and what has brought you to me?"

Prue took a deep breath before speaking. "I thought you were supposed to help me?" Prue asked, running her fingers through her hair.

"I will help you. First I need all the facts in order to know where to start."

"I don't know what to say. I've been advised to talk to someone, and I don't know what to say." She was being difficult, but Prue couldn't stop.

Priscilla removed her glasses then stared at her. The serious empathy on the woman's face shocked her. "You're not alone in feeling confused. I've had many patients who are confused and want nothing to do with me. I don't think of myself as a therapist. I advise my patients to see me as a friend whom they can talk to without fear."

"You want us to treat you as a friend, but you call us patients." Prue chuckled.

"How would you like me to refer to you?"

Prue sat back on the sofa and stared at the women. Her blonde hair was bound on top of her head, and her blue eyes assessed with each second that passed.

How did she want this time to go?

What did she want Priscilla to think of her?

Why are you doing this?

"Just call me Prue," she said.

"All right, Prue. Let's get started."

Letting out a huge breath, Prue answered all of the woman's questions. She spoke of her childhood and the incident that led to her kidnapping. They brushed over the details of James and what he had to contribute to her life. Prue wasn't ready to talk about him. James played a huge part in her life, and she hoped he'd continue to do so.

After an hour passed the bell rang, ending their session. Prue jumped hating the interruption.

"I'm afraid that's our time for today. I look forward to seeing you again next week."

Priscilla closed her notebook then stood to shake Prue's hand.

"Could we make these sessions longer?" Prue asked, offering the other woman her hand.

"If you wish. I'll make arrangements and send you the details."

Prue walked out. She leaned against the building pressing a hand around her throat. When her heart rate slowed down she smiled. She had thought going to see a therapist would hinder their relationship, but instead, Prue felt liberated somehow.

Priscilla Charles was a confidante who was bound to do as she was asked.

****

The next appointment Prue sat in the waiting room. She removed her coat, folded her arms, and waited. A week had passed, and this time she'd be getting a two hour appointment. She'd also been told the cost of the therapy was being paid for by James.

Unease filled her at having James pay for her care, but she couldn't afford it, and the talk last week helped her a lot. Also, James had taken her to the movies and out to dinner during the week. He seemed happy with her seeking help. She felt something missing between them, like an invisible barrier was stopping her from accepting James.

She loved him, and every time she saw him he made her pu**y cream and her heart melt for the pleasure of him. Being in his company thrilled her to the core.

Holding back from him hurt like hell. She wanted nothing more than to go back to how things were between them. However, they were different.

Even though James denied it, he was different as well.

Priscilla stood before her. "Are you coming in?" she asked.

Prue jumped. "I'm sorry. I didn't hear my name being called." Her cheeks flaming she walked into the room and took the same seat as last time.

She waited for the woman to be ready.

Once Priscilla started talking, Prue found herself relaxing more. During the meeting they discussed her family and then her sister and how her sister had been involved with James. With each word spoken Prue found herself filing away certain points in her mind. Speaking clearly about her life with a stranger allowed her to see past the faults she thought were there but were, in fact, only issues she'd made up in her mind.

Many of the problems she'd created inside her head were nonsense, for instance, thinking her parents disliked her when in fact past events had proven they wanted the best for her. When the appointment was over most of her family had been discussed.

For the next three appointments Prue talked about her family and her decision. The time for talking about her kidnapping came after four appointments. During this time she'd spent a great deal of time analysing her time with Henry and even understanding what was wrong with James. There was a loose connection inside her, but she didn't know how to make it work or bypass the problem.

"You're making excellent progress, Prue. I want to talk about what happened when Daren Robinson took you from Ravage," Priscilla said.

She'd been expecting the question. Her nerves were gone, and she could look at what happened with an open mind. If Prue was being truthful, being taken and almost sold into sexual slavery felt like it had happened to someone else.

"He was Leo at the time. When he took me and I woke on the boat, I was scared. During the kidnapping, I didn't have time to think of anything. I'd woken up from a sleep. James had left to do something at Possession-that's the club owned by his friend."

"I'm aware. Carry on."

"On the boat I contemplated killing myself. Throwing myself overboard rather than be at the mercy of Daren. Anyway, I didn't, and the trip on the boat wasn't half as terrifying as it should have been. Daren Robinson was a f**king monster, but he wasn't mean. He hit me when I irritated him or tried to get away, and he made sure that I knew he was doing a job with me. What he did to me wasn't personal. He never really attempted to rape me. There was a moment where it looked like he would, but then he stopped and nothing came of it.

Prue paused to take a sip of water.

"Move onto Henry," Priscilla said.

"That was hard. I was locked in a room for the longest time. I don't know why they kept me so long. I know they struck a deal with James, but then they put me up for sale. I think I was becoming a nuisance, or maybe I was a risk to them in some way. They wouldn't have let me go. I memorised the way they looked."

"Why would you do that?"

"When I got away I was determined to make the bastards pay. They hadn't raped me, and the worst they did was hit me and beat me. But there were women who could have, and probably did have, far worse than what was done to me."

Priscilla made some notes.

Not bothering to wait for her to finish, Prue continued talking to her. "I wasn't deeply affected by what happened. But I couldn't stand to have the door closed to any room. Being locked away finally did me in."

They spoke some more over her recovery and spending time with her sister.

"I want to move on to James."

Prue tensed at his name. She'd been afraid of talking about him. Taking another sip of water, she looked past the woman's shoulder. "What do you want to know?"

"He's much older than you, and he was dating your sister, right?"

"Yes, he dated Veronica. Nothing ever came of it, and they didn't even sleep together."

"Are you sure?"

"He'd never lie to me." Prue looked down at where she was scratching the label off the water bottle. "What I say to you stays here, right?" she asked.

"Yes, Prue."

"James is part of a select group of men. This is going to sound crazy, but bear with me. He's possessive towards a woman. He needs to be in control and pretty much be part of her life to the point where it could drive the woman crazy. When I met him I didn't know that side of him. He's also a Dom. Do you know what the word means?" she asked.

"I'm aware of BDSM and what James is."

"I knew what he needed, and I'd dabbled in the lifestyle before I went back into his life." Prue struggled to find the right words. "Other women may find his possessive, dominating, and sometimes irritating attitude, hard to deal with. I love that side of him. He never asked me for permission. James took what he wanted without abuse or pain. He showed me by his power how he felt."

"You're talking about his actions as if they're in the past tense," Priscilla said.

"They are in the past tense. James is different. He treats me differently, and I find him difficult to deal with."

"In what way?"

Prue rolled her eyes thinking of the best example. "Okay, the best example recently, James and I were in the park. We were walking, and I said something crazy to him. He pressed me against a tree. For the smallest of seconds I thought he was back. The man I'd fallen in love with. The James before I was taken would have made me come against the tree. This James holds back. I hate that he holds back with me. Maybe I'm crazy and I should like this kinder and more reserved James. I don't. I feel in love with the man who gave me a cross as his token. The same man who f**ked me across his desk while he should have been working." She laughed. "The man who forced his friend to fire me so he could hire me."

Tears fell from her eyes as understanding swept over her. "You see, Mrs Charles. I've not got an issue with everything that happened with Henry. I got over it, but James did as I asked and stayed away from me. The old James would never stay away from me, and I don't know how to bring him back to me. I can't get over the change inside James, and I think it's tearing us apart."

Chapter Twenty-One

James sipped his coffee while signing contracts for alcohol and food to be sold at his club. During office hours he could take the few hours of peace where he didn't worry about Prudence's health or safety.

The bill for Priscilla Charles sat on his desk. He'd paid the woman for the past six sessions. Each session lasted two hours, and she took a large sum of money. He'd seen an improvement inside his woman. She smiled more and conversed with him, but there was still something off about her. Prue wasn't the same. At least he didn't think so.

They never spoke of her time with Henry or the weeks after that time.

He signed several pay checks then moved stuff around in his desk to locate another bill needing his attention.

A knock at his office door distracted him.

"Come in," he said.

The person standing in the open doorway surprised him. "Priscilla."

"Hello, James." She closed the door then walked farther into the room.

"What can I do for you?" he asked. She was supposed to be there for Prudence, not for him.

"I needed to speak to you with regards to Prue and you."

"I don't need therapy." He grabbed the contract he was looking for.

"No, you don't need therapy, and neither does Prue. Not really. She's dealt with the situation with Henry and Daren remarkably well. For a twenty-five year old woman she's compartmentalized the whole episode. From what I've learned I think it's down to her family's upbringing."

"What are you trying to say, Priscilla? Get the words out because you're boring me," he said.

"I'm not here as Prue's therapist. I've spoken to her a great deal over the last few weeks, and what I think she needs is unprofessional for me to say. I'm not talking to you about her case or anything about that. I'm here for you both."

"You're breaking your code of ethics," James said. He folded his arms leaning back in his chair. Priscilla looked uncomfortable as she took a seat across from him. Her concern for Prue charmed him.

"What do you think my woman needs?" he asked.

"She needs you," Priscilla said.

"She's got me. I'm there for her. We go on dates, and she visits me here. Everything is working as it should be."

"That's not what I'm talking about." Priscilla growled in frustration. For an educated woman she didn't have a better way to expel her frustration. The sound she made amused James. "You're being deliberately obtuse. You take Prue on dates and give her what you think she needs."

"With all due respect, Mrs Charles, you're telling me what you think she needs," James said, reminding her.

"You're being a pu**y. There, I've said it."

"What?" he asked, annoyed with the woman.

"Prue talks about Possession and Ravage. She explained your dominant role at the club along with your feelings of possession and the need for her to submit."

James listened to her shocked by how much Prudence had opened up to this woman. "What are you trying to say?" he asked.

"You're not being that man for her. Yes, you have men watching over her and you're attentive, but you're not the James you were before she was taken by that ass**le. I actually believe there is nothing physically or mentally wrong with Prudence Star. She came back messed up, but she understands that and has gotten over it. Personally, I think enough time has passed for her to stop behaving the way she has. The only difference is the way you treat her. You're not possessive anymore. You walk around her as if you're on egg-shells. Prue needs to know you still love her regardless. Not with words but with the man you are."

Her words made a lot of sense, but that didn't mean he had to like them. "You think I need to be dominating over her. After everything she has been through that would make me no better than an abuser."

"No, it wouldn't. There is a huge difference between domination and abuse. You'd never hurt Prue. The way she talks about your relationship, you couldn't bear to see her in pain."

Running his fingers through his hair, James stared at the woman before him. Her words gave him hope and confused him.

"What do you want me to do?" he asked.

"Take Prue away for some time. Where you and she are together and you can explore your relationship. Being here with Ravage, Possession, and your lives around you, they're distracting you from what you both need, which is each other. As a friend that is the advice I'd give. Prue has been a brat for long enough. Show her what she signed on for when she took you on."

"You're advising this as a therapist?" he asked, wondering if he really needed to know the answer.

"As a therapist, she needs to explore what she wants. I'd advise for her to get out with friends and date other people so she can understand how she feels about you," Priscilla said.

"That's out of the f**king question."

"Then think about what I've said. If she's at her next appointment then I'd be advising she move on and to give herself some space. I came here as a friend, James."

He nodded. Priscilla had been in the same year as he and Stephen at school. He couldn't believe the woman he remembered from the past was the same woman helping his woman.

"I thank you for everything you've done."

"I like Prue, and I think she'll turn away from this relationship unless you do something to prevent it."

"I'll handle it."

He watched her leave. Her words stayed with him for some time. Sitting behind his desk he replayed the last few months. If she hadn't been taken by Daren then he wouldn't have given her the time to get over it. He'd have been part of her life like he was before the incident she was taken from him. Running his fingers through his hair, James hated how right the woman was. He'd changed to be what he thought Prudence needed, when in fact he should have done what he thought was best.

James grabbed his credit card, lifted the phone and started making calls. He knew exactly how to fix the wedge between them, and it didn't require thousands of dollars of f**king therapy.

Once he finished the phone call, he dialled the men he'd hired to keep an eye on Prue. She was at the supermarket where he worked. He needed to get a few things in order before he made his move.

****

The last therapy session ran through her mind. She couldn't believe how open she felt with the woman. Admitting the truth to Priscilla had helped to free her in some strange way. She grabbed the tins from the trolley she'd filled up then started stacking the tins on the shelf. When a customer asked her where an item was, she left to deal with them. She wondered if James would visit her that night. Returning back to her shelf, she heard some commotion on the shop floor. Walking to the end of the aisle, Prue looked to where the sound was coming from. Following the path she stopped as Prue heard the women muttering loudly on the shop floor. She turned in the direction of where the sounds were getting louder. What she saw stopped her on the spot. James was walking toward her. Without thinking she took a step back. He looked menacing, angry, and downright determined. What startled her more was the answering heat filling her body. Seeing him coming toward her made her heart leap. He didn't scare her. The image before her excited her beyond comprehension.

He said no words as he grabbed her arm and led her out of the supermarket. The women watching the scene stared after them with wide mouths.

This is my man!

"What are you doing?" she asked. Her voice sounded excited, and her ni**les were hard from the pleasure of having him in control.

"I'm doing what I should have done a long time ago."

James escorted her out of the supermarket to his waiting car. Arthur wasn't in the front seat. He helped her into the seat then fastened the seat belt around her. His fingers brushed her ni**les. They were hard from having him close, but now they were painfully erect.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm taking us away for a while," he said. "A vacation ought to do us some good." He climbed behind the wheel and pulled away in the direction of her house.

"I can't leave," she said, looking behind at the supermarket growing smaller in the distance.

"You're not working in a supermarket, Prudence. I've lived with your decision to work there but no more. When we get back you'll be working behind the bar or resting in the office with me. You're not staying out of my sight."

For several moments speech eluded her. She hadn't seen this side of James in a very long time.

"What's going on?" she asked.

"I'm doing what I should have done and what I've failed to do in the past few months. I've arranged everything. We'll be going to Italy for the next month. I have a beautiful villa overlooking the ocean. We won't be disturbed, and time away is what we need."

Italy. Alone. James. Italy.

She smiled as she stared out of the window. The scenery passed her by in a blur. She didn't care to look at it. All she cared for was what James wanted to do in Italy.

"How can we just up and leave for Italy?" Prue asked, fighting him even though she loved the idea of going away with him.

"Because I f**king said so." Several minutes later he pulled the car against the kerb outside her house.

James turned off the engine then moved around to her side of the car. He helped her out, slammed the door closed, then locked the car. Next, he took the keys, opened the door, and led the way upstairs. She followed behind him unable to say anything.

Watching from the doorway, James grabbed her suitcase, opened her drawers and started piling clothes into cases.

"What about underwear?" she said.

"You won't need it."

Her pu**y clenched with excitement. She'd not seen this James in a very long time. When one case was packed he took another bag to fill with her face creams.

Next, he moved up to her. She stared into his eyes waiting. Licking her lips as her heart beat faster James lifted her arms over her head.

"Things are going to change," he said, removing her shirt.

He flicked the clasp on her bra, exposing her br**sts. His gaze remained fixed on her eyes.

With her arms above her head, he slipped a dress on her. James knelt in front of her to button the dress up and removed the trousers she wore. His hands lifted under her dress and took away her cotton panties. "From this day forward you won't wear any underwear unless I say otherwise, do you understand?"

She nodded. Her ni**les were sensitive as they grazed the fabric of the dress. She dropped her gaze from his to look at the evidence of her arousal, her rock hard ni**les.

Lifting her gaze to his, she watched as he grabbed the silver collar from her nightstand. He pocketed the jewellery then grabbed his cross necklace.

James placed the necklace around her neck. "I never want to see you take this off." "What happens if I take it off?" she asked, tempting him.

"Then you go over my knee. You wanted to be my woman, Prue. Give me a safe word, so I know when you want to end things."

Prue stared into his eyes. Biting down on her lip she spoke the only word that she would want in order to stop things. "Henry. My safe word is Henry."

James chuckled. "The name suits. You've got ten seconds to say the word and I leave here without you."

He stroked her cheek.

Did she want this to end?

No, she wanted this to be the beginning of their relationship.

"Time's up."

Grabbing her arms, James smashed his lips against hers. She cried out, holding onto him as he took full possession of her mouth. They'd kissed and had sex but never like this.

He teased her lips open then slid his tongue deeply inside. Her cunt tightened, wanting him inside her in more delicious ways. Only when he ravaged her mouth and taken control of her completely did James break the kiss.

"I've wanted to do that for months."

She gasped, brushing her lips across his.

"We need to leave. Otherwise we'll miss the plane."

Taking her hand, James led her back to the car. He seated her inside redoing her seatbelt. Once he sat behind the wheel they were off. Prue smiled, content with where they were going. The man she loved and had thought was gone had just reappeared in her life as quickly as he'd left it.

Chapter Twenty-Two

James held Prudence's hand as the plane lifted into the sky. Going to his family's villa in Italy was a great idea. The country was a beautiful, and with summer almost at its height, he looked forward to exploring the country with Prudence.

"I didn't know you had a villa," she said.

He lifted her hand to his lips. "There is plenty of stuff you don't know about me, baby. You'll know everything in good time."

The flight attendant brought them some bottled water as Prudence looked out of the window.

"We're away from it all. Why are there so few people on the plane?" she asked.

"We're not on a plane, Prudence. This is a private jet. Stephen and I own this baby." He tapped the seat with pride.

"This is your plane?"

"Yes. I never wanted to take flying lessons. I actually have a fear of heights." Sitting next to the window could make him sick in a heartbeat.

"Shit, I never told my sister where we were going."

"Don't worry about your sister. I've got everything covered." Veronica didn't like the thought of Prudence going out of the country. He'd made sure the older sister knew it wasn't negotiable. Dropping the reserved calm he'd forced in place for Prudence's sake had liberated James. He was still concerned the kidnapping had affected her but at that moment, he was happy to see the woman he loved back where she was meant to be.

Running his fingers down her cheek James moved down to rest his palm across the necklace. His token stayed around her neck as he stared at her.

"What's the matter?" she asked, watching him.

"Nothing is the matter. I've missed seeing you wear this."

She stared around the cabin seeing the few people on board. Taking her hand, James led her to the back room. "Where are we going?" she asked.

"When we first bought this jet Stephen and I were flying around the world trying to pretend we could survive on minimum sleep." He opened the door revealing a bedroom. "We pay everyone a decent salary to be in charge of the flying. This is for us to rest."

Pulling her inside, James locked the door then pressed her against it.

"They might hear," she said.

"Do you really care?"

She looked at him before shaking her head.

"Good, because the only thing I care about is you," he said, sinking his fingers into her hair. "I love the blue of your hair." James leaned in close to inhale her sweet fragrance. Prudence gasped, arching up against his touch. With his free hand he moved to the strap of her dress and slid the fabric down her arm.

He wasn't going to make love or f**k her on the plane. All he desired to do was play with her. Show her how much he loved her with actions. There was not a part of her he didn't love.

Her br**sts popped free, and her eyes glazed over as she looked at him. "I've missed this," she said.

"Me, too, Prudence. Me, too." He dropped his head and took the hard nipple between his teeth. She gasped, and James covered her mouth with his hand to muffle the sound of her pleasurable noises.

Staring up the length of her body James saw her watching him. Her eyes were wide as her hands moved to the back of his head pulling him harder to her.

Flicking the buttons open, James revealed more of her pale skin to his gaze.

The dress fell in a heap on the ground. "You look so beautiful," he said, cupping her tit. "I love your tits. How big and full they are. I love it when you ride my c**k and they're swinging in front of my face." James licked his lips remembering the last unsatisfactory f**k they'd shared.

He would wipe both of their memories of that day and all the days before. This was their new start in their relationship.

"Are you wet?" he asked.

Prudence took his hand, licked his fingers into her mouth then placed his wet fingers between her legs. Her slit was dripping with cream, and her cl*t was swollen.

James cursed as he f**ked her pu**y with two digits and placed his thumb against her nub. Her legs gave out. Wrapping his arm around her waist he held her up, watching the arousal fill her gaze as he stared at him.

Removing his fingers he licked the cream with her watching him.

"Taste yourself," he said.

She took the finger he offered with a moan.

"That's right. You taste so sweet. I could lick you all day until you did nothing but scream my name." He kissed the side of her neck then bent down to suck the nipple he hadn't tasted earlier.

When the bud was as tight as the other, he moved back until he sat down on the edge of the bed.

Prudence was na**d while he was fully clothed.

He placed her into position over him with her legs on either side of his. For the first few moments Prudence appeared to be in some kind of daze. He recalled how she was before the incident with Henry, how she matched him with heat and fire.

James was about to mention her fire when she cupped his face and kissed him. The strength in her touch shocked him. She banded her arms around his neck, moaning as she devoured his lips. Plunging her tongue inside his mouth, Prudence moved her hand down his body until she cupped his erection.

When she pulled away, he saw the spitfire he loved.

"I want you, James."

He unbuttoned his jeans and worked the zipper down. James gave her the few seconds of control then turned her onto her back with her arms above her head.

With a finger in front of her face, James tutted. "Naughty girl. What have I told you about topping from the bottom?" he said.

Prudence pulled on his hands. "I need you."

Running his hand down her body, James opened her thighs then slipped a finger inside her, teasing her with what he could do for her body.

She whimpered, thrusting onto his palm. He added a second and then a third finger pushing them into her depths and watching the pleasure drive her farther.

Only when she was on the brink of orgasm did James pull away. He pulled his fingers from her tight pu**y and grabbed her hands, placing them above her. James wished he'd gotten something to tie her hands above her and to the bed.

He hated it when he needed to improvise. Silk ties could provide a lot of excitement.

"Don't move your hands from above your head," he said, commanding her.

"If I move them?" she asked.

Rolling her onto her stomach in one quick move James landed five short, sharp slaps to her ass.

She cried at the first then moaned with pleasure as he delivered the other four.

Turning her on her back, James smiled down at her. Her face was flushed but looked happy. "Then I get to spank your hot little ass."

"Okay, Sir, I'll keep them above my head."

James moaned. Months had passed since he'd heard her use that word.

"You're a danger to my sanity." He pressed a kiss to her lips, then moved away to pull his shirt off.

Returning to the bed, James lay beside her teasing her body with his fingertips. The journey to Italy would take several hours, and he looked forward to teasing her body until she came apart over and over again. This wasn't about his pleasure or release. He'd get pleasure from watching her.

"You're going to torture me," she said, smiling.

"It depends on what you consider torture." James moved over straddling her waist. If he pressed against her core at that second he'd be a goner. Her scent already filled the air with her sweet perfume. The arousal seemed to emanate around the room taunting him with the strength of the smell.

"What you're doing is torture. I need to come," she said, whimpering.

Chuckling against the flesh of her breast, James nibbled the side. "Then you better get used to this. I've been dreaming about this body for too long. I need to remember how to satisfy you."

****

He was trying to kill her with his exquisite brand of torture. Prue didn't know if this was revenge or love. Her body hummed with arousal. She'd never felt this on edge before in her life. There were no sane thoughts left in her mind. She couldn't think past the pressure of his body on hers.

Her pu**y was dripping wet. She was turned on by the smallest of caresses with this man. His tormenting touch ignited a flame that only he could put out. Lips nibbled on her flesh while his fingers caressed her skin leaving a path of burning desire glowing inside.

"Such perfect skin," he said, biting the side of her hip.

The flesh of her ass stung from his warning spanks. The burn coursed through her body like a bolt of electricity.

"I can't wait to be inside you."

"Now, please, James, I need you now."

He chuckled. The sound vibrated through her making her pu**y cream even more. She shouldn't be affected like this. James knew every part of her, and yet it was like he was creating something new with what he was doing.

"No, you're going to come for me, and only when I say otherwise are you going to take me. I'm going to drive you wild with wanting me, baby. Do you think you can handle it?" he asked, challenging her.

Smiling, Prue moved her hands to cup his face, purposefully disobeying his command. "I think I can handle anything you can dish out."

His eyes glinted with something fierce and possessive. James moved fast as he pulled away, grabbed her and landed her over his knee. The thrill of his strength made her struggle. She wanted his arms holding her place as he punished her.

What's happening to me?

I don't care.

She closed off any doubts she still had and pushed them aside. The only thoughts that mattered were the ones dominated by James. His power, his strength, and the very essence of his being were all that mattered.

Smack. Smack. Smack.

His palm landed one blow after another against her ass. She moaned. The smacks were igniting the fire so that it burned harder. Her pu**y was burning, and she felt the cream leaking out of her onto his pant leg.

"Please, James, f**k me," she said, begging him.

"You've resorted to begging me."

Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack.

Five smacks of the hand and she was crying. The pain was wonderful whereas the need for release was unbearable.

"I can smell your need from here," he said. He stroked her ass. "Lovely and red, just the way it should be from being naughty."

She opened her legs trying with all her might to get him to touch her. He did. His finger travelled down from the base of her back going down the seam of her ass to land to push inside her pu**y.

"So f**king wet."

A second finger joined the first. She pushed against his penetration. His fingers would never be as good as his c**k inside her. His thumb brushed her clit. The small stroke on her tiny bud shocked her. What shocked her more was the instant cl**ax that swept through her. Fingers pumped inside her pu**y as he continued to stroke her clit.

"That's it, come apart for me, baby."

Her pu**y tightened on his invading fingers. She gripped his thigh and muffled her screams against his leg. Nothing had prepared her for such an unexpected release.

"Good girl."

Her body melted on top of his. James picked her up in his arms placing her on the bed. She watched as he licked her cream from her fingers. "You taste wonderful."

Prue reached up to cup his cheek. "Thank you.

"What for?" he asked.

"For being you and giving me this. I love you." She meant the words down deep in her soul.

He stroked her hair then kissed her head. "There is nothing I wouldn't do for you," he said.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Six times he'd made her come. James opened the doors to his villa and followed behind Prudence as she walked inside. Pride filled him. She was exhausted from his attentions, and he'd lost count of the times he'd made her call his name.

"I can barely move," she said, turning to him.

After the first orgasm with his fingers James had brought her to orgasm twice more with his fingers and then the rest with his tongue. He tasted her on his tongue, and he wanted more. Her taste was addictive.

James dropped their cases then swept her up in his arms. "Good. You're not half as argumentative when you're tired."

"I never said I was tired," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"Well, I'll just have to work on those orgasms. I think you're due three more." She groaned, resting her head in the crook of his neck. He walked through to the kitchen.

"First, before I ravish you into submission, you need to eat."

"Do we need to go shopping?" she asked.

He placed her on the stool next to the counter.

"No, I phoned ahead and got the people who take care of the house to stock the fridge and freezer. Why would you think we need to shop?"

She smiled, resting her chin in her palm. "Silly me, I'm one of those people who still need to earn a living. I wasn't born into millions."

James chuckled. "Money does have its benefits." He kissed her lips, groaning when she wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him close.

"I can forgo the food."

"No, you can't, and I wouldn't be a good Dom or fiance if I didn't feed you." He smiled as he walked away. The shock on her face was amusing. He'd missed being himself around her. Forgetting about the past and all it entailed was liberating and well worth the wait.

"Fiance ?" she asked.

Opening the fridge, he waited for a length of time to pass. He grabbed some fresh pasta along with the ingredients for pesto.

"Yes, didn't I tell you? We're getting married when we leave here," he said.

She licked her lips. The teasing sight of her tongue made him pause.

"You didn't ask me," she said, glaring at him.

"Baby, by the time I'm finished with you, you'll be begging to be my wife." He made it sound like a promise.

Prudence growled. "Really, you think I'd be your wife."

"Why wouldn't you want to be?" he asked.

He filled a pan with some water before placing it on the heat. While the water started to boil, he stood opposite her with a pestle and mortar. "Do you like raw garlic?"

"I can't keep up with you."

"I only asked if you liked raw garlic."

"Was it a marriage proposal?" She stood up facing him with hands on her full hips. Her curves would look so good with rope tied around her. He enjoyed working on his technique, and her body was the perfect canvas to start. The image of the rope resting on her flesh sent his c**k harder than rock. "Sit down."

Without arguing she sat down.

"Good. It's about time you did as you were told. You tell me when you're ready if it was a marriage proposal."

He ground most of the ingredients together.

"I hate raw garlic."

James left the garlic out. He bashed everything to a green paste.

The scent of the basil was nothing compared to the scent of her creamy pu**y. He added pasta into the water. While he waited for the pasta to cook he stood in front of Prudence, cupped her cheeks, and claimed her mouth. Running his hands down to the straps of her dress he pulled the dress down until her br**sts were on display. "I want you to eat like this."

"Why?"

"Because I like looking at you." He stroked each breast in turn before going to drain the pasta. Once everything was mixed together he served them lunch. They moved to the table, her tits catching his gaze with each bite she took.

After they finished, James got her to remove the dress. "When you're here with me you don't need clothes."

"What about if people come to visit?" she asked.

"If people come then you get dressed. I don't share. You're mine, and that's how it's going to stay."

He rested his head against hers and then started out of the room. "Come on, time for the tour."

James showed her around the house. He owned a pool and games room complete with a pool table. The thought of Prudence bent over the table was too much to ignore. He'd have her over that table in no time.

He showed her the library along with the movie room.

"You don't own an office?" she asked.

"No, I don't come here to work, ever. This next room is pretty special to me."

The room that had once been a fully equipped gym was now his personal playroom. Prudence gasped beside him. He owned a spanking bench, a cross, and a cage, along with several other pieces of equipment. Toys lined the walls. He'd been waiting for the right woman to share this with. The room had never been used. No woman had crossed the threshold until now.

James entered the room and felt the tranquil calm that settled over him. This was right for him. Prudence stepped over, and everything fell into place for him. He knew in his heart Prudence Star was the woman for him, but having her inside this room told him he'd made the right decision.

"This is your playroom?" she asked.

"This is more than my playroom."

She glanced around her. Her hands fisted at her sides. "Have you brought another woman here?"

"No, never. This place is for the woman who I'm sharing my future with. I built this place with the idea she'd share my passion."

She fingered her hair then went to him. "I'm that woman."

"More than you could ever understand."

Prudence went to her knees before him. The action was sudden and shocked him to the core. They'd never really tested the boundaries of Master and submissive. Their time in Italy would prove to be very interesting, James thought.

****

Stripped bare of her clothing, Prue felt exposed but liberated at the same time. The two emotions conflicted with each other. Clothes helped her to hide away from the world, and because she couldn't hide away from the intensity of James's words, she felt exposed. At the same time as the clothes helped to hide her, being without their confines liberated her in the most amazing way.

Kneeling before him was the right thing to do. He stroked her hair. The action made her moan from the acceptance of his touch.

"Look at me, Prudence."

She lifted her gaze to his.

"Do you want this?" he asked, moving his arm around the room. "Being your Master is a lot more than being me."

He knew. James knew about the change inside him.

"I always intended to be your sub. We never got around to discussing it," she said.

James went down on one knee before her. "I love you."

"I love you."

He kissed her lips. "I want you in the bedroom."

She smiled. "Not here?"

"Soon, but not yet. I need you first. We've got all the time in the world to come back here." James led her out of the room.

Prue wanted one night with him before they delved into a Master and sub relationship. He walked up one flight of stairs and went to the door at the end of the hall.

The door led into a luxurious master bedroom. "I need to be inside you," he said.

"Please, I need you."

She watched as he tore at his clothing. His movements were hurried, and she loved watching him undress. His body was pure perfection. James took great care to work out and keep healthy. She loved him for more than his hot body.

He reached out, taking hold of her hand to pull her close. Their bodies slapped together. The sound echoed around the room making her giggle.

James reached around and slapped her ass.

She ran her fingers down his back and sank them into the flesh of his ass possessing him in the same way he possessed her.

He growled walking her back until she met the wall. "I can't wait."

"I'm dripping wet, James. You won't hurt me."

Within seconds he lifted her in his arms and thrust inside her. His c**k eased into her pu**y stretching her to accommodate his wide girth.

She moaned as he pressed to the hilt.

"It has been too f**king long," he said, pulling out and then slamming inside.

Holding onto him as tight as she could, Prue opened her body to his commanding thrusts. After being without him for these past months, having James inside her was the best feeling in the world.

She closed her eyes only to enjoy the feel of him scraping her walls with his thrusts.

"This is going to be hard and fast, baby. I can't hold on much longer."

"Fuck me, James."

He gripped her h*ps pushing inside her with all of his might. She cried out as his c**k thrust to the hilt hitting her cervix. The pleasure combined with the pain was intense.

Holding onto his back she fought the need to beg him for more.

James plunged in and out of her. His thrusts came faster than she'd ever known. She didn't know how he managed to keep hold of her and f**k her against the wall.

He sucked her fingertips and then pressed her wet fingers between her thighs. "Make yourself come. I need to feel your hot little cunt around my cock."

She fingered her clit. After the six orgasms he'd given her she didn't think it was possible to reach cl**ax a seventh time.

James knew her body better than she did. With the thrusting of his c**k and the touch of her finger to her clit, Prue splintered apart screaming.

"Fucking tight!" James slammed inside her twice more. His c**k jerked as his seed pulsed.

Before they fell in a heap on the floor, James carried her over to the bed. They collapsed together. His c**k was still inside her as he stroked her hair.

"You feel amazing," he said.

She stared at the ceiling feeling at peace for the first time in her life.

"I'm not going to stroke your ego more."

"Why not?" he asked, staring up at her.

"You've had your ego stroked enough over the years." He thrust his pelvis against her making her gasp at the sweet pressure. Even flaccid he turned her into a mass of nerves.

"I've earned my ego."

Prue ran her hand down his side, cupped his ass in her palm. She stared in his eyes, raised her palm, and slapped his ass. James yelped. As she raised her palm to bring down another blow to his ass, James caught her. He lifted her hand over her head. "I think that's enough from you."

"What's the matter, Boss? Too scared you'll like being spanked by your sub?" she asked, teasing.

He laughed. "I'll pay you back for that," he said.

"Do you promise?" She loved this playful side of him. The urge to make him smile and to please him filled every part of her. Prue felt connected to him far more deeply than simply his c**k inside her.

"I promise to make every single wish of yours come true and even the ones you didn't know you had."

"That's a pretty big promise."

"I'm man enough to keep my promises."

"And I'm woman enough to live through them." She smiled. Her pu**y tightened around his hardening cock. He'd started to get hard as they were talking.

He leaned down brushing her lips with his. "I want you again."

She moaned as his tongue plunged inside. His c**k pulsed as he lay deep inside her. James left her arms to run his fingers down the side of her body. James pulled out of her body only to slam back inside.

Within minutes their lovemaking became fierce. Prue scored her nails down his back holding on as he made love to her. The passion built inside her to a fever pitch. James held her as she reached cl**ax. His c**k jerked as his release pulsed through him.

"I wanted that one to last longer," he said.

"We're making up for lost time."

James cupped her cheek, his gaze on hers as if he was penetrating more than her pu**y. "I love you, Prudence."

The words were not a reassurance but a statement of fact. They felt different to her.

"I love you." Her feelings were no longer a question. When it came to James her feelings were never in question. She loved this possessive, dominating man more than she loved anyone else.

Chapter Twenty-Four

James left Prudence to sleep the following morning. He walked down the stairs to his playroom. Once he grabbed the blindfold he moved toward the kitchen to start some breakfast. Bacon and eggs were always popular, but he settled on making her pancakes. He liked the thought of the syrup dripping on her breast so he could lick the plump flesh free of the sticky goo.

Making the batter was simple, and within minutes he was dolloping out the batter mix onto the non-stick frying pan. When the pancakes were cooking, James quickly diced some fruit to add in a bowl then place it on the tray.

After thirty minutes in the kitchen, he grabbed the tray and made his way up to the bedroom. Prudence was coming out of the bathroom as he walked into the room.

"Morning," he said.

"Morning." She rubbed the sleep from her eyes. "I wondered where you'd gone."

"I've been preparing your breakfast. Get back in bed."

He waited for her to get back inside. "Don't put any clothes on," he said as she reached for a t-shirt.

She dropped the shirt then climbed into bed. He placed a pillow over her lap then rested the tray on the pillow.

"Enjoy."

James sat opposite her. He cut a piece of pancake then fed her from the fork he held. She took the food smiling at him.

"You're spoiling me," she said.

"This is how it should be."

He gave her the fork then sipped his coffee while watching her eat. Watching her mouth open to take the food and the appreciation on her face sent pleasure coursing through his body at the sight. His lust spiked to new levels.

Keeping himself in check, James was content to simply watch.

"This is divine," she said.

James smiled.

She gasped as some warm syrup dripped onto her breast. "Crap, I need a cloth."

"Nonsense." James closed the distance licking the syrup from her breast in one quick swipe of his tongue.

"What are you doing to me?" she asked, gasping again.

"Cleaning you." Leaning over the tray was awkward, but seeing the pleasure on her face made the experience totally worth it.

He watched as several drips of syrup landed on her breast. James wanted to go and grab the whole tub just for an excuse to lick her.

James grabbed a strawberry instead and ate the ripe fruit.

When she'd finished breakfast he took the blindfold off the tray. He took the tray leaving it on the bed. "Come here," he said.

She stood without hesitation. James loved the fact she wasn't ashamed of her body. She didn't try to hide those full, luscious curves from his view. With how glorious her body was to look at he didn't know if he'd ever be able to do a scene with her inside the dungeon at Ravage. He didn't like the thought of anyone looking at his woman with lust in their eyes.

"What's the matter?" she asked, staring at the blindfold.

"Turn around."

Prue presented him with her back. James swallowed at the sight of her fleshy ass. He couldn't wait to spank the delicate flesh and to see her blushing red from his prints.

The interlocking black tattoo along the base of her back turned him on.

"I love this," he said, tracing the outline of the tattoo.

"I've been thinking of getting one on my hip," she said.

He placed the blindfold over her eyes and slapped her hands away as she touched the fabric.

Her chuckle reassured him she wasn't scared of what he was doing.

"What is your safe-word?" he asked.

"Henry. Do I need to refer to you as Sir?"

"Yes. When we're in play call me 'Sir' or 'Master'. Either is fine."

She nodded. No words were necessary. The air felt thick with sexual tension. His c**k tented the robe he wore. The scent and sight of her body had the power to undo him.

"Now, show me where you'd have the next tattoo," he said, turning her to face him. Her br**sts were thrust up with the glorious tight ni**les hard and ready for him to suck. His mouth watered for another taste of her.

"Here." She pressed her fingers against her left hip. "I think a heart with the name James inside would be perfect, don't you?"

Prue couldn't see him through the blindfold. Her stare would be past his shoulder without the blindfold on.

"You want my name on your skin?" he asked, amazed that she'd want such a permanent mark on her.

"I'd love it. I don't want anyone else, James. I want you," she said. "Only you."

Wrapping his arm around her waist, James pulled her in close. "You're f**king amazing." He sank fingers into her hair and then pulled her in for a kiss. She whimpered, her fingers clinging to the flesh of his arms.

"I'll get your name on my skin."

"You won't be taking another woman?"

"Baby, the only thing I did wrong was walking away from you when you were eighteen. I should be shot for the way I feel about you because you're so f**king young. I love you so damn much." He took her lips again, pressing inside to feel her tongue stroking his.

Her legs shook, and James held her close keeping her upright with his touch.

His hand moved down to cup her ass driving his c**k against her stomach.

"You're really happy to see me," she said.

"You've got no idea."

James broke the kiss then took her hand to lead her down the stairs. "I never knew you felt that way about me," she said.

"When Veronica broke up with me I was upset by the fact I wouldn't get to see you."

Prudence had and would always be the light in his life. The past few months had been a nightmare to get through. Prudence was in his life, and he was never letting her go. The ring to make her his was in his jacket pocket. The silver collar he'd bought her for Christmas was with the case. He intended to have her wearing both within a matter of weeks. There was no doubt in his mind. Prudence Star was his woman, and he wouldn't allow her to have another man. The very thought of another man touching her angered him to the point of rage.

He walked down to his playroom and turned on the light.

"When we're in the playroom here or at home there is a position I'm going to want you to take before me. Tell me, Prudence, are you prepared to be my submissive and trust me with your pleasure and care?" he asked.

"Yes, Master."

The word was a caress through his mind.

Master!

He f**king loved the word coming from her lips.

"What about my house?"

"You can keep the house, but you're not living there, and I won't argue with that. You're mine, Prudence. Say it," he said.

"I'm yours, Master."

Fucking hell yeah.

Get a grip, James. Stop behaving like a teenager with his first woman.

The sight of her head bowed in submission and the blindfold across her eyes made her the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. He couldn't wait to get her in the playroom and touch her. Training her to be his sub and owning her completely with a wedding ring and collar meant everything to him. Prudence didn't have a clue how much power she possessed. She held the power to undo him or to make him the happiest man alive.

****

Her heart raced as she sensed him standing close in front of her. James was much taller than she, and he filled every part of her in ways she couldn't begin to describe. When she was with him, there was this force driving them closer. When Prue first met James there had been an indescribable attraction. She'd been a virgin when she met him, but even without any experience she'd known he was different.

The jealousy she'd felt towards her sister at the time had startled her. She couldn't believe the man she wanted so desperately was now instructing her in how to please him. What she'd never told anyone in her life was she'd imagined him when she slept with other men. The pleasure was nice from their hands, but nothing compared to what James did to her.

"I want you to go on your knees."

Prue went to her knees on the floor. The blindfold stopped her from seeing. She didn't like the cover over her eyes as she loved to watch his reactions. There was something magical in the way he growled or the heat that filled his eyes as he looked at her. The desire in his gaze made her forget about everything else.

Licking her lips, she placed her hands in her lap sitting back on her legs. "Anything else, Master?" she asked.

He gasped. The sound so slight she barely heard it.

She bit her lip to stop herself smiling.

James caressed her cheek. "You're purposefully testing me," he said.

His words didn't sound like a question, and Prue remained silent.

"Open your knees wide and rest your hands on your calves."

Prue opened her thighs feeling her pu**y lips slide open. She'd let her pu**y hair to grow back and kept it neatly trimmed.

"Beautiful."

Placing her hands behind her on her calves, she pushed her chest up in the air.

"Bow your head," he said.

She bowed her head.

He gripped her knees opening them a little wider but didn't change anything else about her.

"When we come into a playroom at home or in the club this is how I want you to present yourself to me," he said. "If we want to play in the bedroom then we'll talk beforehand, and unless otherwise stated, this is how I want you."

"Okay, Master." Her pu**y was soaked with her cream. Being exposed before him was a turn-on. He knelt in front of her. She sensed him close.

Prue cried out as he swiped a finger through her slit. Closing her thighs, she couldn't stop herself.

He slapped her thigh. "Open for me, pet."

Gritting her teeth she opened her thighs for his touch.

"You'll always stay open for me and on display."

He removed the blindfold. The lights were turned down low, and she didn't have to fight the sudden brightness.

James came back licking his fingers. She watched as he moved a mirror directly in front of her. "Look at yourself, baby."

Prue stared at her reflections, shocked at how affected she was by the sight of herself. She could admit she looked different. She'd never been the type of woman to gloat over her looks or think too highly of herself, and she'd never put the word beautiful to her name.

He cupped her chin turning her face toward him. "This is what I want. Your submission is perfection."

Her mouth felt dry from his intense stare.

"Will you give yourself to me?" he asked.

"Yes," she said. The answer came out sounding a little breathless. She cleared her throat then responded to him again.

James smiled. "Good. I want you to practice this pose for the next five minutes."

"What will you be doing, Sir?" she asked.

"I'll be watching." He grabbed a leather chair then sat before her. "I'm waiting, pet."

Should she hate the name pet?

Prue rather liked the name.

She stood up and then knelt on the floor. Moving into the position he requested, she waited for his approval.

"Your legs need to be open more. I want to see your clit, and that position opens your lips perfectly."

"Do you require me to be bare?" she asked.

"No. I require you to be like you are. Keep yourself neatly trimmed. I don't need a bare pu**y, and I'm not keen on bare pu**y either. I like my women to be women."

She smiled. Many men she'd come across wanted everything waxed and looking what she considered prepubescent on a woman. Prue loved having pubic hair as it was like another sign of her feminine maturity. Silly, but it was what she liked on herself. Prue returned to the pose several more times until James said enough. She stayed in her submissive pose while waiting for more instructions.

Chapter Twenty-Five

His woman was a fast learner. James stared at her pose, and his c**k stirred at the sight. Her cl*t was just visible between the small thatch of hair. She'd looked relieved when he spoke of her pubic hair. There were plenty women bare on the pu**y. He'd been with many women who liked to have the whole lot waxed off, but it had never been his desire.

A bare woman didn't turn him on more; in fact it made him uncomfortable. He liked his women to have a neatly trimmed bush as he loved the female sculpture. Ripe br**sts with a waist, hips, and a proper pu**y, that was his preference.

"Come here," he said, tapping his knee.

Prudence stood and walked to him. He stared up and down the length of her body. His c**k thickened, tenting his robe.

She sat on his knee. James wrapped an arm around her back while bringing her in closer to him.

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

"I'm thinking about what we're going to do next." He took her hand in his pressing her palm against his chest.

"We're going to talk about what I expect of you. This relationship will not happen all the time, but I expect you to obey me in all things," he said.

Her gaze narrowed on him. He saw the need for her to argue with him.

"From now on I don't want you missing meals. You'll eat three times a day, and no more snacking to make up for missed meals."

"This is a little extreme," she said, yelping as he slapped her thigh. Prudence growled at him.

"You'll do as you're told. No more snacking because you've missed a meal. I want you strong and healthy, and if that requires me to monitor you then I f**king will." James caught her chin and forced her to look at him.

"I don't have problems eating."

"You need your strength," he said.

"And why do I need my strength?"

Whack!

"Ouch," she said, rubbing the spot he punished.

"I intend to f**k you every chance I get. If you're tired because you haven't eaten I'll be pissed. Do you see what I mean?" he asked.

She glared at him, rubbing her thigh. "I get it."

"Good."

"When we're in the club and around others you can call me James, but when we're in home or doing a scene I'd prefer Sir or Master, your choice."

"So I get a choice in something?" she asked, insolently.

"I think you're trying to force me to spank you harder," he said, seeing through her act.

Her cheeks flamed. "Would I do anything of the sort?"

Lifting her in his arms moved toward his spanking bench. He loved the bench. The design reminded him a little of a gymnasium bench.

James placed her on the floor. "I'm going to spank your ass, Prudence. I'm going to use several spanking instruments, and when I'm done I want to know what you think of each."

She licked her lips then looked toward the wall with canes, paddles, floggers, and whips adorning it.

He tied her into place taking extra care not to hurt her. James never wanted to hurt her or cause her pain that wouldn't lead to pleasure.

Moving away when she was secured, he picked a wooden paddle, a whip, and a cane. They were his favourite along with his hand. He never kept equipment he didn't like using.

James untied the sash of his robe and stood behind her naked. Mirrors lined the rest of the walls that didn't hold shelves with equipment. Prudence lay with her head turned to the side. She didn't appear to notice the mirror in front of her.

"Prudence, look at me."

Her head turned, and she stopped. Her eyes moved over the top part of his body. James stood naked. His c**k was rock hard in front of him.

James dropped his gaze down to her body. "Open your thighs."

She did as he commanded opening herself up to him. Her creamy pu**y was on view, and his arousal hardened further making it almost unbearable to touch. He stroked his shaft trying to ease the ache inside. The few pumps of his fist only helped to drive him crazy.

The puckered skin around her ass caught his attention. He loved everything about her ass and intended to take her there very soon. James owned plenty of dildos and butt plugs, and he intended to use every single one on her.

He ran his hand down her back watching her body shake. Stroking the cheeks of her ass James spread the flesh wide revealing more of her ass and pu**y. He let her ass cheeks go to run his finger down the seam of her ass to rest against her entrance.

"You're soaking wet," he said.

She whimpered, and her pu**y tightened around his single finger as she slid inside her cunt.

He watched his finger disappear inside her body then added a second. When she was moaning and thrusting against his fingers, James pulled them out. Keeping his gaze on hers he sucked her cream from them.

"So tasty," he said.

She gasped.

"It's time for your spanking." James moved to the side.

"You look like you need some relief, Sir," she said, her gaze on his c**k as it stood out in front of him.

James raised his hand and brought the palm down on the right ass cheek. The sound of flesh hitting flesh turned him on. There was nothing more perfect to him than a sub's pleasurable squeals and flesh being punished. Prudence moaned. Her gaze was on his hand as he brought his palm down a second time, this time on her left cheek. He kept the blows steady and didn't add too much strength behind them.

He wanted to know which method she liked, not hurt her.

Also, he loved the squeals she released each time he spanked her rounded flesh.

"That was my hand."

He reached for the wooden paddle. James took care not to show her what he was using. Her hands gripped the bench tightly, and her mouth was open gasping for breath.

"This is the next one."

Smacking her ass with measured force James gave her the paddle on her ass. She moaned, wriggling her ass for more.

"What did you prefer, my hand or the paddle?" He showed her the paddle he'd used on the flesh of her ass. Prudence's eyes widened at the sight.

"I loved your hand the most, but that was good as well, Sir," she said.

He stroked her cl*t before grabbing the cane he'd picked up. In his opinion, the cane was the hardest of all spanking instruments. Everyone had their own preference. He wouldn't use the cane unless it was to tease, and never would he hit Prudence to the point of drawing blood. In his early years he'd seen many scenes go wrong with the cane.

****

Prue watched him pick up another spanking instrument. She couldn't see what he'd picked. He wouldn't hurt her, and she trusted him to use her body with care. She struggled to concentrate past the sight of his raging hard-on. The vein pulsed at the side. His shaft hadn't diminished at all since he'd been spanking her ass.

Her mouth watered, and she wanted to suck him.

James raised his hand and slowly brought whatever he was using against her ass. The instant bite of pain made her scream. The burning sensation left her gasping.

"No, not that," she said. Prue hated what he'd used.

She was shocked when he stopped immediately, raising the cane in the air for her to see.

"I don't like that." If he used that again she'd call her safe word. She didn't want that cane on her skin.

James placed it on the floor beside her. "Then we're fine."

"You're not going to argue with me?" she asked, shocked.

"I want to bring you pleasure, Prudence, not make your scared. This is as much about us together as it is about finding out what you like and don't like."

He moved away and came back with some cream. "I think that is enough for today," he said.

"Are you disappointed with me?" she asked.

"Why would I be disappointed with you?"

She watched as he opened the tub of cream. "We didn't exactly spend a great deal of time in here," she said.

He chuckled. "We're done with the spanking bench, baby. We're not done in here. You're not going to get away that easily," he said.

Prue gasped when he applied the cream to her ass.

"Your ass is tender, and it's not used to being spanked. We're going to have to remedy that. I think with your attitude you'll have an ass fit to spank repeatedly in no time," he said.

She giggled as he released her from the spanking bench.

"I can live with using the paddle and my hand." He cupped her cheek then kissed her.

"What more do you have to show me, Sir?"

James stared into her eyes without answering. "How about you tell me what you want to try next."

She pressed a finger to her lip, looking around the room.

He moved behind her and pushed her hair over one shoulder. James kissed her neck. "Be careful what you pick. I won't give you this choice all the time."

Prue walked over to the swing. If she never got chance to choose again then she wanted to try the swing out now.

She touched the leather and turned to him.

With an eyebrow raised he covered her hand with his. "Are you sure?" he asked.

"I've seen one of these before. Trawling through the internet and curiosity got the better of me. I watched a scene with a woman in one of these," she said, waiting for him to respond.

"And what did you think?"

"I think this looks uncomfortable." She fingered the leather that would hold the woman in place. "But the woman looked incredibly turned on. I want to know what it feels like." Prue turned to him. "Will you show me?"

James helped her inside of the swing. She gasped as gravity seemed to be pulling her down. They were laughing as he strapped her inside. She held onto the lines at either side of her. "Maybe this was a mistake," she said.

"I've got you."

She stared behind her, and then his hands were on her pu**y and she forgot everything else.

His fingers stroked over her cl*t then moved down to her entrance.

Prue watched him to touch her. His c**k leaked pr**cum out of the tip. She licked her lips wanting a taste of him.

"You're not allowed to come," he said.

She moaned then whimpered as he stroked her harder. How could she stop herself from cl**axing? Her grip tightened on the swing, and then he pulled away as she was on the edge ready to plunge into bliss.

"I want you to come with my dick inside you."

He teased the tip of his c**k up and down her centre. His seed mixed with hers as he ran his c**k over her slit.

Only when he was ready did he press the tip of his c**k against her entrance. The red mushroomed tip lodged inside. He gripped her hips, and then with one hard pull he sank inside her.

Prue had no other option than to hold on tight as he f**ked her hard. She gripped the swing while he filled her with his large cock. His shaft stretched her pu**y making her beg for more. She couldn't touch her clit, and her pleasure was in his hands.

The swing held a whole new meaning to her.

"Talk to me, Prudence," he said.

"I can't." She screamed as he changed the angle and went deeper inside her. He hit her cervix over and over again. The pain and pleasure mixed together turning her into nothing but a quivering wreck of nerves.

"Come for me," he said, ordering her.

She'd never come without direct contact with her clit. He swirled his hips, and the action caught her clit.

Her cries of release echoed off the walls. Within seconds James growled and held her in place as he came.

Her muscles ached from the pleasure, but she wouldn't have changed her choice if given another chance.

Chapter Twenty-Six

After a long shower together, James picked out a summer dress and a pair of pumps for her to wear. He helped to dress her before settling for a pair of shorts and shirt, which he left open.

"I didn't think we'd be dressing while we're here," Prudence said.

"I thought a walk along the beach would be lovely."

The episode in the playroom played over in his mind. He'd never had such a good time before. Prudence was everything he wanted in a sub. She was submissive yet stubborn, and her curiosity at exploring his equipment delighted him. He couldn't think of a better way to use the swing than to see Prudence come apart on it.

"I like that."

James took her hand and led her out of the villa. They passed the garden and went towards the back gate that opened onto the main beach. "I don't know how you could leave this place and return to the city," she said.

"I've not shared this villa with anyone. When my parents passed I changed the whole decor of the house. The playroom was my own personal touch."

The heat of the sun bore down on them. He went to edge of the sea and waited while Prudence removed her shoes. James did the same, then held her hands as they walked together.

"Violet had a little girl," he said, starting up a conversation. They hadn't discussed their friends in so long, and he wanted her to be part of his life in all areas.

"She did? I bet Cadeon's terrified." Her hand tightened around his.

"I think he's happy to have his woman safe by his side. There were a few points throughout the pregnancy when it looked like Violet wouldn't make it."

"Then I'm glad she's okay." Prudence stopped talking. He watched her staring out at the ocean. "How's Ursula doing?" she asked.

He laughed. "She's driving Stephen crazy."

"How come?"

"He's doing everything he can to force her to marry him while she keeps putting up resistance. I think she's still pissed about being sent away." James smiled recalling the last argument the couple had. Even though Ursula and Stephen argued the love between them was clear to see.

"She'll certainly keep him on his toes. How is everyone else?" she asked.

Relief swept through him at her question. She'd not asked about his friends, and he was concerned she wouldn't want to be part of that world. "Sean is dealing with having Isabella in his life. There is a lot of history around them. Lucas recovered from his leg wound. He's been working on it to make him strong again."

"I can't imagine Lucas not being strong. That guy is like a rock," she said.

"Tate, Kevin, and Rebecca, I think, are working through their problems. I'm not completely sure about them."

She nodded then bent down to pick up a stone. Prudence threw it across the ocean. He watched the ripples of the stone grazing the water. "What about Dane?" she asked.

"We've not seen him for several months. Josiah and Hubert say he's working for them, and they need to keep him safe."

"I imagine there are a lot of people who'll want him dead."

"Dane didn't exactly keep a low profile."

Prudence let out a sigh. "I hope he's all right."

"I'm sure he will be."

James threw a stone out at the water watching the ripples glide across the surface. He took her hand, and they continued down the beach front.

"How are Ravage and Possession going? Are they working again or open?" she asked.

"They're doing great. Most of the old members have returned. Gabe has replaced me as head Dom in the Dungeon."

Prudence turned to him. "You can't do that." She took his hand, kissing his knuckles.

"I can't be the head Dom. I refuse to train other subs, and I didn't have a sub to call my own." He stroked her cheek.

"You've got me."

"But you're not my sub, not completely," he said.

She stared past his shoulder. He wondered what she was thinking. There was a lot going on behind those eyes. "What are you thinking?" he asked.

"I want to be your sub completely. I'll do anything you want. You're a good Dom, James, and Ravage is your club. I don't think you should hand over the reins to anyone."

"Gabe is a good man. I trust him."

"It's your club. Don't you think you should be the head Dom and then patch all other subs with the right Master?" she asked.

James stared at her, wondering what he was missing. "For a woman who has only dabbled in the lifestyle, you seem to know a lot about it," he said.

Prudence smiled. "I've done plenty of research. I know what I'm talking about."

"I'll think about it. I don't want to waste our time talking about business. This is our time, Prudence." He took her hand and started leading her toward the edge of town. There was an ice cream parlour on the corner. They'd grab an ice cream before heading back to the house.

He walked into the shop and grabbed two chocolate ice creams with cones.

"I love this," she said, licking the icy cream from the top. They walked hand in hand back to the villa. James stared out at the ocean feeling at peace. He was with his woman, and everything was safe in the world.

James escorted her into the house. "I'm going to get dinner started if you want to have a bath or read a little."

She gripped the back of his head pulling him down for a kiss. "Thank you for today. It was so perfect."

He stroked her cheek then went toward the kitchen.

****

Their days were much the same. James would take her into the playroom, and then they'd go for a walk along the beach or they went to the local town to shop and take in the sights. Prue loved everything about Italy. She loved the food, the scenery, and the people. Her favourite time of the day was the moments she spent alone with James in the playroom. He knew how best to bring her to the brink of orgasm but to also keep her riding the fine line so she never catapulted over the edge with release.

She lay over the spanking bench a week into their stay at the villa. James stood behind her, naked, as she lay on the bench. She stared at his reflection in the mirror. His gaze landed between her spread thighs. He'd brought her to orgasm twice that morning, once with his tongue and the other with his fingers.

"I think you need to be taught some restraint," he said. "I've got a special kind of punishment for you."

He moved out of her line of sight. She waited, tense, for him to return. He came back carrying a harness and a tube of lube.

When they were in this room Prue felt a freedom she'd not experienced before. With the other men she'd dated she needed to stay in control as she'd never trusted them with her body. James she trusted with every part of her being. He would never hurt her in any way. The fact he'd removed all of the canes from the playroom was a testament to how he felt about her.

"How are you feeling, pet?" he asked.

"I'm good, Sir," she said, addressing him by his title. There were moments when they were together in the playroom where she wanted to call him by his given name. She held back. His name was reserved for them away from the playroom. Prue loved the two different styles of their life. This was one aspect where James was in control, and everything they did was down to his decisions. Then there was the life outside of the playroom where they were equals.

"You're so wet for me."

I'm only wet for you, James.

She stayed silent as he stroked her slit. Three fingers pierced her pu**y riding her. She tried to thrust back on him, but James held her in place with a firm hand on her back. "No moving, baby."

Watching him in the mirror, she saw him spread some lube onto his fingers before pressing those fingers against her pu**y. "I want to make sure you're good and wet."

Then he pressed the same fingers against her ass. Prue tensed as her muscles tightened. "Let me in, baby. This will feel good."

Closing her eyes, Prue forced herself to relax and accept his touch. One of his fingers pressed against her ass. "Push against my finger."

She did as he told her. One finger went deep inside her. The pain went straight to her clit. She groaned thrusting back onto his finger.

"That's a good girl. Now, a second finger."

James worked her ass until she took three fingers without fighting him. Her muscles relaxed, and James worked more lube up her ass.

The cold made her gasp. She opened her eyes as he lifted one foot and then the other. A c**k filled her pu**y, and then James eased a second c**k into her ass. She was filled with the harness. James worked the strap of the harness around her waist. When she was filled he walked away to the sink he had in the corner.

The sound of the water running distracted her. James walked back stroking her back then going round to kneel before her. He kissed her lips.

"I'm going to take your ass tonight," he said.

She moaned, tightening around the fake cocks in her pu**y and ass.

"First, I want to see your mouth wrapped around my cock."

James stood, pushing her hair back from her face. The tip of his c**k pressed against her lips. She stared at the impressive length, inhaling the musky scent of their combined releases. They hadn't been using any condoms during their time together. She loved the feel of his na**d length gliding inside her.

"Suck me, Prudence," he said.

His words made her tighten on the harness. Opening her lips, she stared up his body as best she could. He eased his c**k between her lips. His cum coated her tongue, and she swallowed down as much as she could.

Pulling back, Prue used her tongue to flick the slit.

"I want you free."

James removed the straps binding her to the bench. He caught her around the waist then led her over to the chair. Sitting, James waited for her to continue blowing him. He grabbed the length and then waited.

Running her hands up his thighs, Prue stared into his eyes. She loved watching his reactions as they started to learn more about each other. He loved the control she gave him, and in turn she loved the pleasure he gave her. Their relationship was very much a give and take one.

There was far more to their relationship than Master and sub. She felt their connection down to her soul. They were far more a part of each other than they'd ever been before. Their relationship before her kidnapping had only been superficial. They hadn't explored any of their desires with each other.

She pumped the shaft in her fist continuing to watch him.

"What are you thinking?" he asked, pressing a thumb to her lips.

"That we're much better now than we were back then. This is more than we ever could have imagined." Prue licked the tip tasting his essence on her tongue.

He growled then reached out to stroke her hair. "Be prepared, baby. It's only going to get better from here."

"I look forward to it."

Prue opened her lips and took the tip of his c**k inside her mouth. The salty tang of his cum coated her tongue. She left his c**k to run her tongue around the tip and down the pulsing vein at the side.

James wrapped her hair around his fist. She grabbed his c**k and then sucked the whole of him inside her mouth.

He moaned. The sound was deep and guttural.

Closing her eyes, Prue gave herself over to the pleasure of pleasing him. His c**k filled her mouth as gloriously as he filled her pu**y. She whimpered when he pulled on her hair making her leave his c**k only to be pushed back on. The force took him to the back of her throat. Prue relaxed as much as she could to take him down deep. Her gag reflex kicked in, and James went slower.

"I love watching my c**k disappear into your mouth," he said.

She moaned trying to convey her own thoughts. The noise came out muffled as he rode her mouth some more.

"I'm not going to last."

Her saliva coated his c**k making the shaft easier to disappear into her mouth. She worked him.

"Look at me," he said.

His c**k jerked in her mouth. James growled, and then the first spurt of his release swamped her mouth. Prue stared in his eyes as she swallowed him down. The pleasure on his face spurred her on.

The more he came the more she swallowed him down. When she finished, James removed the harness and cocks from her body. She groaned as they left her. The pleasure from being impaled made her dripping wet.

When she finished James picked her up, and she curled in his lap wrapping her arms around him. He surrounded her with his heat and warmth.

"There is never going to be another woman in my life, Prudence. You have me, heart, body, and soul."

Prue knew there would never be another man like him.

"James, I'd like to marry you and wear your collar."

Chapter Twenty-Seven

The next few days progressed. After Prudence agreed to be his wife and his sub all James wanted to do was take her to Vegas and then to Ravage. Instead, he stayed with her in his villa in Italy and basked in having nothing to do but to please her.

He stared at her sitting opposite him. Her tongue peeked out at the corner of her lips as she concentrated on the chess board in front of them. She was an awful player, but he made sure she got in a few pieces before beating her at the game.

The dress she wore was a long white dress made out of light fabric. Her arms were bare, and the neckline was plunging highlighting her impressive cle**age. James could gladly spend the rest of his life alone in the villa with Prudence. Being with her was like Christmas had come every day. She didn't look at him afraid, and the woman who'd been lost to him was back.

He couldn't imagine her ever have been taken. Prudence looked in the prime of her life, ready to take on the world.

She moved her pawn, which he took in his next move without thinking.

"This is not fair," she said. She took a sip of her water. "I have to sit and think about every single move, and then you come along and take my piece without spending more than a second looking. How is that possible?" she asked, arms folded over her br**sts.

"Maybe you should distract me?"

Her eyes glazed over, and then she peeled the dress down until it fell to her waist. Her large tits were on display for him to see. Already his mind was more interested in her bosom than the game in front of him.

She lifted her arms, winding her hair off her neck. "Does this help my chances?" she asked.

"I'm more interested in bending you over the table than winning."

"Good." She clapped her hands, pushed the board away, and in the next second was in his lap. "Because I'm more interested in having your c**k in my pu**y than playing chess. It's a boring game."

He laughed, lifted her in his arms, and escorted her inside the house. She giggled, which he found adorable.

James didn't take her to the playroom or to their bedroom. There wasn't any time. His need to be inside her sweet pu**y was too great. He went straight to the dining room table. Placing her on the wood, James stripped out of his capris pants and lifted up her dress. He teased her slit to see she was soaking wet and waiting for him.

Within seconds he was inside her. She cried out, thrusting up to meet him as he slammed into her.

"Yes, James, more," she said. Her tits bounced with each of his hard jolts. Leaning down, he sucked her nipple into his mouth then moved onto the next. She held onto the edge of the table as he plunged into her hot little cunt.

Pulling out of her pu**y, James knelt down and licked her clit. She cried out, her hands sinking into his hair as he lapped at her pu**y. There was nothing he wouldn't do to hear and feel her come.

Using two fingers he pushed them inside her cunt, and with his other hand, he pressed the tip of a finger into her moist rear. Her cream had dripped down to her tight ass**le providing enough lubrication for him to penetrate her.

Her finger returned to the edge of the table, and her knuckles turned white as they gripped the hard surface. James licked her cl*t tasting her cream on his tongue.

Her breathing grew to short, sharp pants as she pressed her pelvis against his face.

Staring up her body he watched as her orgasm exploded from her.

She screamed, and he licked her cl*t while pumping his fingers into her cunt and ass.

With her cl**ax still gripping her, James grabbed his c**k and slammed into her with such force he moved the table with his thrusts. Prudence held onto his arms as he f**ked her hard.

He stared into her eyes seeing her need to come again as much as his own need consumed him to explode inside her tight channel.

"I'm close," he said.

She bit her lip as his grip tightened on her waist.

He thrust inside her three times and then exploded. Prudence moaned as her second release came as well. Picking her up in his arms, he carried her through to the sitting room. She curled up in his lap with his c**k still inside her.

Stroking her hair, back, and ass James waited for his heart rate to slow down before doing anything else.

"That was amazing," she said.

"You're going to kill me." He gazed into her eyes.

"No, I'm not. You're the one who carried me into the dining room. I'll never be able to look at that table properly again."

He chuckled. "You're certainly the best meal I've ever had at that table." James groaned as her pu**y contracted around his shaft.

"You're turning me on again," she said.

"From what I feel that's not a hard task to do." He slapped her ass loving the sound of her squeal as he did. "I can't help it. Every time I'm with you I want to be inside you. You're addictive."

"So are you. I love you, James." She kissed him, plunging her tongue into his mouth as she did.

"I love you, too." The words were the most natural for him to say.

They stayed like that in the sitting room for some time. James didn't want to let her go. His c**k remained deep inside her, and Prudence kept stroking his chest.

"We're going to have to go back to the real world soon, aren't we?" she asked.

"Yes. If I miss Stephen and Ursula's wedding then I won't be able to show my face at Possession for the rest of my life."

She laughed then groaned.

"What are we going to do?"

"What do you mean?" He gazed down into her gorgeous eyes.

"About us. I'm ready, James, to be with you in every way."

He kissed the top of her head and thought about her words. Their time going down the aisle would come.

"You're moving in with me, and you'll be working at Ravage. Everything else we'll decide when the time is right."

She settled against him. "We are going to have to go home," she said.

"Yes, we'll go home soon."

Prudence sighed. "I'll miss this place. We'll come back though, right?"

"Yes."

He lifted the nearest phone and started making arrangements for them to leave at the end of the week.

****

Prue stared at the diamond ring on her finger. James had given the ring to her the moment the taxi came to collect them. They were seated in the plane and were about to take off. She couldn't stop staring at the ring and knowing in her heart what the ring stood for.

She was officially engaged to the man of her dreams. James Castleden had entered her life unexpectedly, as her sister's boyfriend, but now he was hers.

"You keep staring at that as if it is going to disappear," James said.

He sat in front of her.

Gripping the cross necklace in her palm Prue smiled at him. The silver collar would be placed around her neck when they had a ceremony declaring her his sub. Their time in Italy would always stay with her. Being with him without any outside forces had been perfect. He was the man she'd come to know. James was hard-headed and demanded respect rather than expected it.

"Can't a woman admire her engagement ring?" she asked.

Their conversation halted as the plane started to take off. She stared out of the window and watched as the scenery started to pass them by.

"How do you think a honeymoon in Italy sounds?"

She turned to him smiling. "Perfect."

When the plane was in the air, James moved to her side. He took her hand in his, and they stared out across the landscape together.

"I was thinking we'd wait until Stephen and Ursula were married and then we'd have one straight after."

"I'm not going anywhere. I look forward to being your wife."

"I phoned the guys and your sister. They'll be waiting for us at the airport."

Prue groaned. "My sister is going to be clucking around me like a mother hen."

"She means well."

"Do you remember that time we first met?" Prue asked.

"That was one of the worst nights of my life," he said.

She slapped him on the arm in mock offence.

"Thanks a lot."

He kissed her knuckles. "Not because I met you. It was the worst night of my life because I was with Veronica, and when I saw you, I knew you were the woman for me. I couldn't stop staring at you, and I felt like such a f**king bastard. You were so young, and I wasn't."

Wow.

She thought her heart stopped beating at his words. She'd never known he felt that way about her.

Prue cupped his cheek turning him to face her. "Do you mean that?" she asked.

"I didn't know what to do."

In all the years she'd known him she'd never once thought he wanted her in the same way she wanted him.

"I hated my sister for having you," she said.

James rested his head against hers. "This between us was always meant to be."

His hand settled on the cross that lay between her br**sts. "I love you."

"I love you."

For the whole journey they sat, hand in hand, talking and watching the world pass them by. More often than not Prue wanted to demand for them to turn the plane around. She didn't want to go back to her life without him being part of it. All she wanted to do was stay with James.

When the plane touched down several hours later, James helped her out, and together they walked into the main foyer. Six months ago they did the exact same thing, but she'd left with her sister, walking away from him.

Her sister stood a few feet away from the group cheering at James. She waved at Veronica and squealed as James picked her up in his arms.

Wrapping her arms around his neck James escorted her down to the group of men. Heat filled her cheeks as their friends turned to them and started staring.

"Everyone's watching," she said, whispering to his ear.

"Let them watch. I don't give a f**k. You're my woman, and that's the way it's going to stay."

He put her on her feet the moment they hit the crowd. Cadeon held a little baby in his arms with Violet at his side. Stephen's arms were wrapped around Ursula. Lucas, Sean, Kevin, and Tate were smirking.

Prue opened her arms for Veronica. Her sister walked to her and wrapped her arms around her.

"I'm so pleased to see you," Veronica said.

"I'm sorry for taking Prudence away from you. You're going to have to get used to it. She's my woman, and staying with me is what she'll do." He cupped her neck, turning her to kiss. Not caring about their audience, Prue held on tight to his neck to take the lips he offered.

"That better be a promise."

"It's a f**king lifetime guarantee."

Prue chuckled. "Look," she said, showing Veronica the ring.

"Oh my God!"

Veronica took her hand turning the hand this way and that. Ursula came forward, too.

"You're engaged."

"You had to steal the woman away to get her to marry you," Lucas said, slapping him on the back.

Ursula clapped her hands. "This is perfect. We can have a double wedding."

Prue paused. "What?"

"Stephen and I can get married, and so can you and James. It will be perfect, two weddings in the same day." Ursula's arms went around her neck.

She stared at James wanting to know his reaction to the news. He shrugged looking at Stephen.

"Don't you want our wedding to be the big day?" Stephen asked, pulling his woman away from Prue. She smiled when she saw the same possessive look in his eye that James got.

"This will be perfect. I hate being on display, and with Prue there to take some of the limelight away, I'll be happier." Ursula pressed against Stephen. "Please."

Prue smirked at what the other woman was doing.

Stephen stared down at his woman. His gaze melted with every second that passed. "James, you're getting married the same day."

"I'm not getting married unless my woman says we are."

Ursula turned around staring at her. The woman's eyes pleaded with her.

Shrugging her shoulders, Prue couldn't find a reason not to agree. "Why the hell not?"

Chapter Twenty-Eight

Prue went home with her sister while James finished some business at Ravage. Ursula was organising the dress fittings along with the catalogues they needed to go through. When James picked her up they were going to Possession so she and Ursula could organise the wedding of a lifetime.

"When will you be married?" Veronica asked, placing a cup of steaming coffee in front of her.

"From what Ursula tells me, the end of the month." Prue kept staring down at the diamond ring. She needed to organise a meeting with Priscilla and thank the woman for giving her, her life back.

"Prudence, you don't think you're rushing into something, do you?"

"No. James is the one. I can't imagine spending my life with anyone but him. I think it will be nice to have some happiness in our lives. When I was taken by Daren I didn't think I'd ever see him again. James is the man for me, Veronica. Be happy for me."

Her sister sat opposite her. "I'm happy for you. Marriage is a big step. One I never want for you to regret."

"Do you regret marrying Daniel?"

"No."

"I won't regret marrying James. He'll drive me crazy, but I'll never regret loving him." Loving him was the only thing she knew for certain about her future.

Several hours later James picked her up. Her sister congratulated her, and then they were on the road heading in the direction of her house.

"James, where are we going? I thought you wanted to go to Possession?"

"We will. First I want all of your clothes moved back to my house. You're not staying another day away from me."

Arthur stayed in the car as she and James went inside to gather her clothes along with a few personal items. "We can grab more with time."

After they dropped her clothes at James's house they went to Possession. Night had fallen, and the parking area was full. The doorman was back and greeted James with a smile.

They walked straight through to the main bar where Abigail was doing a big number. Stephen, Ursula, and the guys were waiting for them around a large table. The moment Ursula spotted her, Prue was whisked away to another room.

"I don't think James likes you very much," Prue said, closing the door behind her.

"They're men. They'll get over it when they get that ring on our finger." Ursula handed a catalogue to her. "This is going to be the quickest thrown together wedding in the history of weddings. I don't need a bridal shower, and I certainly don't want a bachelorette party. What about you?"

Prue shook her head. "None of those things interest me."

"Okay, I've narrowed down our lists. We need to organise a church and a minister. I've got one lined up, and I'll talk to him about doing us together. The cake, bridesmaids, dresses for bridesmaids and brides, and a party place. Am I missing anything?" Ursula asked.

"Photographer? Why don't we organise a wedding planner? I'm no good at this stuff, and I'd be relieved to leave this stuff to that person while we concentrate on the dress and other bits."

Ursula turned to her and stared. "You've just become my favourite person."

Prue finished going through some of the wedding dress designs with Ursula before they made their way back to the group of men. James reached for her as Stephen did for his woman. Prue sat in her man's lap while she listened to the conversation going on around them.

For the first time in months, Prue felt like she could relax. She watched the woman on stage as her voice carried throughout the room. Men stopped to listen to the woman while others continued on in their conversation. She held James wishing she didn't have to move. His arms surrounded her, and his fingers teased her stomach. She smiled as he played with her exposed flesh.

"What are you thinking?" he asked.

"I'm not thinking anything."

He kissed her temple. "Come on, it's time for us to leave."

They bid their goodbyes and then walked out into the warm summer night. Arthur stood with some of the other workers waiting.

"I don't want to go home yet. Can we walk around the grounds?" she asked, wanting their moment to last. Real life, work, and all the other crap could wait for another few hours. James took her hand, and together they walked around the back of the house to the main garden, which was alight.

"How was your time with Ursula?" James asked.

"Fine. We're getting a wedding planner to organise the event. Neither of us are ready to take on the responsibility of preparing our own wedding."

He stopped. "If you want our wedding to be on a different day let me know. I'm more than happy to oblige you."

"I know. I like the idea of marrying you at the same time as Ursula marries her man. It will be fun."

James pulled her close wrapping his arms around her. His hand splayed on her back, and he started moving her against him.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"We're dancing." He leaned down brushing her lips with his.

Closing her eyes, Prue moaned as his tongue ran over her lips in a slow, loving caress. "I can't think when you do that," she said.

"You're not supposed to think. You're supposed to feel. Open for me, baby."

She opened her lips accepting his deep kiss. There was nothing else to do than feel what he did to her. Her body was his to play with, use, and desire all he wanted. She trusted him absolutely. There was no doubt in her mind how much James loved her.

"Thank you," she said.

He broke the kiss cupping her cheek. "What for?"

"For giving me time."

James smiled. "You better have enjoyed that time, Prudence. You're not getting another second away from me."

****

Returning back to her life was scary. Italy had been idyllic and she'd never wanted to come away from their space there. Life, however, demanded their presence. She quit her job on James's orders and went to work for him at Ravage. She got to know Gabe, and she agreed with James that he wasn't a bad guy. He was a wicked Dom but a caring one. When James was busy in Ravage after the nightclub closed, she watched Gabe training a sub while she waited for James. Her man had found the perfect replacement for him. She couldn't fault Gabe at anything he did. The subs seemed to love him on the spot. He kept them at a distance and made each woman aware he wasn't for keeps.

When he finished with a session Gabe would sit with her if James hadn't returned. He brought her over a glass of water as he helped himself to a beer. All the men knew not to come near her. James had stated his ownership of her. The cross she wore was on display at all times, but she wanted the silver chained collar he bought for her around her neck. The collar held more significance to the room than the cross did.

"You're thinking really hard this evening," Gabe said, swigging beer.

"I'm thinking about James. I hate leaving him up there." If she was up there with James then he didn't do all of his work, and she was left feeling guilty when he got behind. She did as much as he allowed her to do.

"You'd be more a distraction to him in the room. He struggles to concentrate when you're with him in the office and when you're helping me serve drinks."

"See, I curse him no matter what I do. He won't let me get another job, and I'd never be the kind of woman who sits around all day twiddling her thumbs and waiting for the next fashion to come out."

Gabe chuckled. "That's why he loves you. You're a good woman, Prudence Star. You'll do James proud as the woman by his side and his sub."

She basked in the compliment. "Come on then, what's your story?"

"I don't have a story," he said.

"Everyone has a story."

Gabe swallowed down more beer. "You really want to know about me?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Am I interrupting something?" James asked.

Prue smiled up at her man. He glared at Gabe. If they were alone in his office she'd hit him for the glare. When they were in the Dungeon of Ravage she had to be a good little sub.

"Maybe you can tell me another time," Prue said.

In the next instant Gabe was gone and replaced by James at her side.

"You weren't interrupting anything," she said, pissed at him for thinking there could be.

"I don't like men that close to you."

"We were talking, Sir." She stared around the room as he voice rose. "You know what? I'm getting out of here." Prue placed her water on the table then got up to move. James followed behind her. They took the elevator together.

"You're pissed."

"Yeah, I'm pissed. How do you think that looks to me when you go all macho like that on another guy?" she asked. Her anger grew by the second. She didn't like it when his response looked bad on her.

The way he came over to their table and glared at Gabe made it look like she always flirted with other men. She didn't flirt with anyone, and she was pissed by what he did.

Once the elevator stopped, she stormed out not bothering to wait for him. Arthur sat in the car tapping on the steering wheel. She climbed in the back of the car before either man could open the door.

James didn't speak on the way home. Prue stared out of her window seething with rage.

Calm down, Prue. Nothing happened.

Nothing would ever make her flirt with another man. She was angry at his behaviour. When they were in the club with all the men who flirted with her that was a different situation, and he could be the macho guy. In the Dungeon at Ravage it felt wrong for him to be that way. No other man would ever be her Dom. She was his.

Arthur pulled up to the house. Prue climbed out her side, typed in the code and left James to handle his driver. She made her way inside, removed her strappy sandals then walked in the direction of the kitchen.

Within seconds James had followed. Her anger hadn't abated one bit.

"What's going on?" he asked.

"You, that is what's going on." She opened the fridge and grabbed the leftover rice and chicken before slamming them on the side.

She was starving.

Prue banged the pan on top of the stove as she set to work creating herself a night-time snack.

"What did I do this time?" he asked.

She ignored him until everything she was going to eat was sizzling.

"I can't believe you went off on that at Gabe."

"He was sitting too closely to you. I'm the only one allowed, Prudence. You're being unreasonable."

Slamming the spoon onto the side, she rounded the counter and poked him in the chest. "When we're out or at Ravage then you can go all macho bullshit on me, but when we're in the Dungeon then I don't want you to do it. It reflects badly on me." She pointed at her chest while shouting at him.

"No, it doesn't."

Prue hit him on the chest. "Yes, it f**king does. First, I'm your sub, so I'm supposed to be trusted enough to be left alone, and yet, there you are glaring at Gabe. He's the head Dom of the club, and you're glaring at him. That comes back to me, ass**le. I'm your woman, and yet in a room full of people, with your glaring attitude, you pretty much say, 'I don't trust my woman because she's a skank!'" She didn't mean that last part, but her anger got the better of her.

"I don't think of you as a skank, Prudence. Don't ever call yourself that again."

He grabbed her finger, which kept poking him.

She gasped from the touch. James always did have that magnetic power over her that drew her closer to him.

"It doesn't matter what you think, but you don't see the others treating their subs like that, do you?" she asked. Hands on her hips, Prue glared at him.

James paused for several moments, staring at her.

"You have a point."

"No, I don't have a point. I speak the truth. Stop being an ass**le. You've got nothing to worry about, James. I'm not going anywhere. I'm right here with you, and that's never going to change, no matter what you do. I love you."

She wrapped her arms around him, pulling James in close.

"Is something burning?" he asked.

"Shit, you made me burn my food now."

Prue ran around the counter, taking the frying pan off the heat. The food was stuck to the bottom. No problem, her appetite had changed for something better.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

James made every effort to not glare at any other man while they were together in the Dungeon. He didn't trust the men around her no matter what she said. Their wedding preparations were underway. The wedding dress, along with the bridesmaids' dresses, had been purchased.

Some guy called Simon Myers was handling the preparation of the wedding. He and Stephen were simply being told what to do and when. James didn't mind being controlled with regards to the wedding. He looked forward to the night after.

He'd organised a special surprise for his woman and one he knew she'd like.

She was currently out in the club waiting for a delivery of the liquor when Gabe came into his office.

"Close the door, Gabe," he said.

The privacy of the closed door wouldn't last if Prudence wanted inside.

"What can I do for you, Boss?" Gabe asked, taking a seat.

"In about three weeks I'll be married to Prudence. I want you there at the ceremony." He'd not known the guy very long, but he knew Gabe was a good man. James had watched him with the women in the Dungeon and at the club enough to know the truth about the man.

"I appreciate it. Thank you," Gabe said.

James cleared his throat. "Also, I want to talk to you about something else."

Gabe waited for him. Looking past his shoulder at the door, James expected Prudence to storm through any minute. "The other night I was out of order in the way I spoke to you. I promise it won't happen again."

"Prudence is a gorgeous, sexy woman, James. I wasn't surprised by the way you treated me. She deserves to have a man be protective of her."

"Well, she doesn't like the way my behaviour reflects on her."

"Noted."

"There is something else. After the wedding I'll be collaring Prudence as my sub. I want you to lead the ceremony and have everything ready for the day after the wedding. I'm putting of the honeymoon off until after then."

"Sure thing. I'll start preparations and make sure Prudence doesn't have a clue about them."

"Thank you, I appreciate it."

Gabe left minutes later to finish off work. Prudence joined him. She moved around his desk to sit in his lap.

"We need to leave in five minutes for the cake test," she said, kissing his cheek.

Wrapping an arm around her, James pulled her close. "I thought Simon was handling everything."

"He would, but you don't know what cake he wanted. Ursula and Stephen will be waiting for us."

James tapped her leg. "We better get going then."

For the rest of his day, he sat around a table with Stephen, Ursula, and his woman trying cake after cake after cake.

In the end Prudence settled in a chocolate cake while Ursula and Stephen had a vanilla cake.

While their women collected the dresses from the shop, he walked with Stephen around a clothing department.

"How are you holding up?" Stephen asked.

James went straight to the women's underwear section. He perused the shelves looking for the kind of underwear he'd gladly take off of his woman. "I'm doing well. I spoke to Priscilla. She and Prudence had their last session a couple of days ago. From what she tells me everything is going fine, and I shouldn't have to worry about any setbacks. Any news on Dane?"

He selected three thongs along with a bra that had holes where the ni**les should be. "No, last I heard he was working for Josiah and Hubert. Isabella and Rebecca are still staying at the club. Lucas hates the fact his sister won't go and stay with him. My club is turning into a hotel for my friends," Stephen said.

"The bastards." James teased him.

James purchased the underwear, and as he was paying Prudence came back to him.

"The dresses are in the car. Ursula's waiting for you, Stephen."

"I'll see you two soon."

They made their way out of the department store, and Arthur opened the car door for them.

"You apologised to Gabe, didn't you?" she asked.

"Yes. I saw your point, but he saw mine," he said, feeling victorious.

She slapped him on the arm. Arthur dropped them off at their home. Prudence hung the dress in the bedroom closet while he started to undress.

"Are you sure you want to marry me?" she asked, coming up behind him.

"Baby, I've never wanted anything else in the world."

She smiled up at him, and he was lost once again.

He told her he loved her. "I'll never get tired of saying it."

"You better not."

They had three weeks to go until their wedding. James hoped he could wait that long to make her his.

****

Three weeks later

Prue sat staring at the mirror while her sister finished with her hair. Veronica had spiralled the length, so it fell in ringlets around her face. They were at Stephen's house. Violet was doing Ursula's hair next to them. The two women kept gazing at each other begging the other not to cry.

"Simon is going to be pissed if we're late."

Ursula had organised for Stephen to stay over at James's so they could get ready together without the fear of the groom seeing the dress. She wasn't superstitious like Ursula, but she followed the other woman's plans. If James was there when she got ready then they'd never make it to the church. They couldn't keep their hands off each other long enough to work most days of the week.

The bridesmaids consisted of Veronica, Violet, Anya, Becky, Isabella, and Rebecca. She'd asked Priscilla to attend the event. Prue had grown to like the therapist and appreciated everything the woman did. Prue had also been in touch with Josiah and Hubert. She'd asked the two agents to find Melanie, the woman she'd been trapped with.

For some reason she'd wanted the woman at her wedding. She'd told Priscilla her plans. The older woman thought it would be good for her. What Priscilla didn't agree with was doing it on her wedding day.

"How do you know the men are going to be on time?" Veronica asked.

"They didn't have a bachelor party. We forbid them to have one," Ursula said.

Prue smiled. "Most men have a bachelor party to celebrate their last night being single. James still growls at men who talk to me. He's not sad to leave his single life behind."

She'd asked James if he wanted a bachelor party. He'd told her he didn't. When she'd tried to tease him with strippers and fancy girls he'd told her she was the only woman he wanted stripping for him and him alone.

How could a woman not want to marry a man who refused to have a bachelor party?

Veronica tapped her on the shoulder. "You're done."

Their parents were going to be at church. They weren't happy about her getting married without them meeting James. She didn't care what her parents wished. If they'd met James and didn't like him, she'd still marry him. He was her other half, the one man she could see herself spending the rest of her life with.

She stared at her reflection in the mirror. Her two toned hair looked shocking against her tanned flesh. She'd been spending a lot of time sunbathing when they were home. Wearing a white wedding dress and having pale skin didn't appeal to her.

"You look beautiful," Veronica said.

Tapping her sister's hand, Prue stood up. All the women cooed at her and Ursula. Having a shared wedding was probably the best decision for all of them. Prue hated the limelight as much as Ursula. Sharing the attention would help them both get through it.

Becky handed her the bouquet of red roses. "Look at you, black and blue hair, white dress and red roses."

Prue burst out laughing. Tears were in her eyes. "I can't cry. I'll ruin my makeup."

She took several deep breaths to calm her emotions. "I can't believe I'm getting married."

"You better believe it," Anya said.

"Time for us to leave." Rebecca came through the doorway and smiled. Prue rarely saw the other woman smile. From what James had to tell her there was little for Rebecca to smile about.

The other women went first. She turned to Ursula, taking another deep breath. "Are you ready for this?" Ursula asked.

"No, I'll never be ready for this. I'll be ready for marrying James, but why do we have to do it when everyone's watching? I'm going to fall and look silly." She stared at her roses feeling the panic rise.

"You're not going to fall. I'm here. Stop panicking."

They walked down the steps together. The limos waited for them. There were two, one for the bridesmaids and the other for them.

Ursula climbed in first, and then Prue did.

The drive was short, and several people stopped to wave at them.

"Stephen warned me that there might be press waiting," Ursula said.

Moaning, Prue tensed, waiting as the church came into view. There, outside the church were the camera crews.

The limo rolled outside the door. Lucas, Sean, and Cadeon were there to help them outside.

"Is James okay?" Prue asked.

"He's waiting at the altar," Cadeon said. "We're here to help you inside. We saw the press and knew they wouldn't be a welcoming sight at your wedding."

Nodding, Prue took their hands grateful for the peace that came the moment they were inside.

The next few minutes went by quickly. Prue's father came out of the main room of the church. He stopped to look at her. Prue stared down the length of her dress. "Hey, Dad," she said.

"I'm annoyed I didn't get to meet him, Prudence. I expect to meet him as soon as the ceremony is over, and I'm going to trust your judgement that he's a good man."

Unable to say anything else, Prue linked her arm with her father's, and then the music started playing. Ursula's dad shook her dad's hand, and once all the introductions were made, they started the slow walk.

The bridesmaids walked down the aisle first.

Prue's palms were sweaty. They walked into the main room, and her gaze found James. He stood in a tuxedo looking calm and in control. Everything and everyone else fell away from the room. The only two people who mattered to her were herself and James. This was their moment together.

"I love you," he said, mouthing the words to her.

She mouthed the words back to him. Her father cleared his throat, and then they were slowly walking. Prue didn't turn her gaze away from James's. He helped her to focus on him and not anyone else. Nothing else held meaning in those moments with him. Cameras flashed, and people sighed as they passed.

When they got to their men, Ursula's and Prue's fathers each removed their veils and kissed their cheeks. Stephen and James came to take them.

The instant their hands touched Prue felt everything fall in to place. There was nothing else in the world but them.

He smiled at her, and the grip on her fingers kept her nerves in check.

The priest continued on with the wedding. Their vows were spoken, and when he pronounced them man and wife, Prue couldn't have been happier.

James pulled her in close, wrapping his arms around her. She succumbed to his kiss, which was nothing more than a tease of the senses. He took control, plunging his tongue inside her mouth, stroking her with the promise of more.

"You're my woman now," he said, breaking the kiss.

"I've always been your woman." She lifted his hand where the wedding band lay that she placed on his finger. Prue pressed a kiss to the gold. "Forever and for always."

He cupped the back of her neck then smashed his lips against hers. She moaned, and the room went up in whistles from their audience.

Prue broke the kiss this time then looked over her shoulder to see Ursula with her man doing exactly the same.

Chapter Thirty

James stared at his bride while she danced with Ursula on the floor. The black and blue of her hair looked startling against the white dress she wore. He sipped the beer in his hand as his thoughts returned to the night to come.

When he got her home he intended to make love to every square inch of her body. There would be no part of her left unturned when he got to her. He'd spoken with her parents, and her father didn't like the fact he wasn't introduced before the wedding. From what James had learned, Prudence and Veronica kept a lot of secrets from their parents. Both of the women loved their parents, but it looked like they kept them in the dark about a great many things.

Kevin and Tate came to stand next to him. They each held a glass of the finest brandy in their hands.

"Great wedding, James," Tate said.

He smiled at both men. Rebecca sat at the table alone. She sipped from a bottle of water and watched the proceedings. The other woman had always been the woman to stay away from such events. Ursula didn't like it and made sure Rebecca got involved.

"When do you think one of you will be walking down the aisle?" James asked.

"We're not going to. Rebecca doesn't want us," Kevin said, draining his glass.

"You're going to give up?" James looked between the two men.

"There's a difference between giving up and knowing where you're not wanted. I'm going to get another drink," Kevin said, walking away.

"He's having a hard time. We've both decided to call it a day together," Tate said.

"What do you mean?" James focussed his attention on the man before him.

"We both agreed to love Rebecca. Our feelings have never changed. We can't go on like this. We both don't want to give Rebecca up, but there is only so much rejection a man can take."

Tate slapped him on the back then walked away.

Prudence was still dancing with Ursula. Sipping more of his beer, James went over to where Rebecca sat alone staring down at the table.

"Is this seat taken?" he asked, pointing to the one beside her.

"No, have a seat. This is a beautiful wedding, James. Prudence adores you." Rebecca looked at his woman with a soft smile on her face.

"I adore her. How are you coping?"

When her husband beat the shit out of her, each one of the Owners took care of her in their own way. No man hurts a woman. Lloyd had put Rebecca in the hospital twice, and she deserved some happiness now that the man who'd used her was gone.

"I'm doing great. It's nice being around people again." Her hands shook as they tucked some hair behind her ear.

"Tate and Kevin are in love with you. Why do you keep rejecting them?" he asked, tired of beating around the bush.

"I'm not rejecting them," she said.

"They're doing everything in their power to show you how much you mean to them, and you're not giving them any clues if you even want their attention."

James took her hand in his. She was so much smaller than he.

"I'm going to give you some advice. Let them in, Rebecca. Tate and Kevin will never hurt you, I guarantee it. They're good men."

Tears shone in her eyes with each word he spoke. "Lloyd was supposed to be a good man."

"He wasn't vetted by me. There was some shit with my father, but he was trying to get Lloyd out of the club. I promise you, Tate and Kevin would only ever cherish you. Please, open your heart to them and at least give them a chance. That's all I'm asking for, to give them one chance."

She stared across the dance floor in their direction. "I don't know if I can."

"I didn't tell Prudence how much she meant to me when she was taken. We argued all the time, but I never said the words. The moment I couldn't tell her, I regretted it. Don't allow your fears to take control and eventually turn into regrets."

He kissed her fingers then moved away to find his woman. There was nothing more for him to do other than wait and see what that his words were understood.

"Mind if I cut in?" he asked Ursula.

"No, I'm going to find my husband."

Ursula wandered off. He wrapped his arms around his wife, pulling her in close. Her glorious scent surrounded him.

"Hello, Husband," Prudence said, smiling up at him.

"Hello, Wife."

They chuckled. Prudence rested her head against his chest.

"This is the best day of my life," James said.

She looked up at him, her bright eyes filled with tears of happiness.

"Mine, too. I can't think of anything better." She stroked his chest, letting out a sigh.

"'Til death do us part, baby." He kissed the top of her head, holding her close.

The rest of the guests fell away. James closed his eyes with his woman in his arms and basked in the happiness consuming him. No other woman would ever compare to her. From the moment he first met her when she was eighteen, James had been smitten. He stroked her back, pressing against her body.

"I can't wait until we're alone," Prudence said.

"I can't wait either. We should have gone to Vegas to get married."

She laughed. "You are bad. Ursula would have skinned you alive."

"Probably."

James held her and stared at where both of their hands were connected. The gold bands of their wedding rings glinted in the light. Prudence was his wife, and he only needed one other ceremony in order to make her his in every sense of the word.

They made their excuses to leave before midnight. Stephen and Ursula were going away on their honeymoon as soon as the night was over. James had told the other man his plans for his honeymoon.

Arthur was waiting to take them back to his home. On the drive back Prudence curled up against his side.

"You don't mind waiting for our honeymoon, do you?" he asked.

"No, I don't mind. I know you've got something planned, but I just don't know what. I'll find out," she said.

James knew she wouldn't find out until the event was actually happening. Everything had been put in place to make the event memorable and worthy of calling Prudence his sub.

****

Arthur drove away from the house as James opened the door. He lifted her in his arms. Prue squealed as he walked over the threshold.

"Isn't it customary for the groom to carry his bride across the threshold?" James said, putting her to her feet.

She giggled at the silly custom. James picking her up always started her. She was worried in case he dropped her. He hadn't gotten angry with her for inviting Melanie to the wedding. The sight of the woman didn't alarm Prue. She'd feared the old feelings would return with Melanie being close, but in fact, Prue had felt stronger for seeing the woman.

"Thank you for being good to Melanie today," she said.

James froze under her hands. "I didn't like the fact you'd invited her to our wedding, but I could see why you did. She looked good, and Lucas kept her company for most of the event. I was worried about you, Prudence."

"She was a little test I was giving myself. I wanted to make sure I could handle seeing her again. I think I did really well all things considered."

He cupped her cheeks, tilting her head back. "You never have to give yourself little tests. I love you no matter what."

Going onto her toes, she brushed her lips against his. "And that's why I love you so damn much."

His hands moved down to the top of her dress. Slowly, James started to peel the fabric off her shoulder. "You looked fabulous in this dress." The dress fell in a heap on the floor. "You look even better out of it."

He picked her up. Prue held on to him as he carried her up the flight of stairs to their bedroom. Her heart pounded with anticipation. They were no longer lovers but man and wife. The thought alone made her hotter than hell.

"I love you," she said, whispering the words against his ear.

James kicked the door to their bedroom open. He placed her on the bed.

Prue watched as he undressed. His actions were hurried with each item of clothing. He tore at the shirt then yanked his pants down.

She wore her white lace bra with a matching thong. Ursula had tried to talk her into wearing suspenders, which she refused. There was no way she was wearing stockings. She didn't feel they were right for her on her wedding day, and they were a total cliche.

James crawled onto the bed. She watched his muscles ripple with each movement he took. Prue moved back as he advanced. Her gaze never left his with each step they took. He caught her ankle then yanked her toward him. She laughed then moaned as that hand travelled up her thigh to cup her mound.

"Your thong is soaking wet," he said.

"That's your fault. You turn me on."

He dipped a finger between her slit. She gasped, cried out, and thrust against his hand. He pressed a finger inside her while his other hand pulled the strap of her bra down. Her br**sts popped out of the top. Within seconds he sucked her nipple into his mouth. Her br**sts were sensitive, and the feel of his tongue on her nipple spiked the heat in his pu**y. James caressed her clit. The small caress was enough to make her moan loudly.

His touch was starting a fire she couldn't put out.

"I need you, James," she said.

Pulling his hand away from her pu**y, James slapped her thigh. "What should you call me?"

"Sir," she said. "Please, Sir, I need more."

Her thong tore under his grip. James cupped her cheek, and kissed her lips. "My wife, my love."

The tip of his c**k pressed against her entrance. She opened her legs wide wanting more of him inside. Staring down where they were connected, Prue watched as his c**k sank inch by glorious inch inside her. Watching and feeling were two sensations she never wanted to stop.

"You're so wet," he said, groaning.

She gripped his arms as pulled out only to slam inside her in one smooth thrust. Their moans echoed off the walls, mingling together in combined pleasure.

"I need you, James," she said, licking her lips.

He leaned back so her ass lay on his thighs. She watched him lick his thumb then press said thumb to her clit. Her pu**y tightened around his shaft.

The sensation was different with James inside her when he touched her cl*t at the same time. She gazed into his eyes. They penetrated her very soul. There was no other man who affected her like this. They were together as one with his c**k inside her, and yet her soul felt connected with his.

"Come for me, Prudence."

With two strokes of his thumb on her nub, Prue flew apart after his command. James worked her body drawing out her pleasure until she didn't have a clue where she ended and he began.

He didn't give her time to calm down or assess her pleasure. His hand wrapped around her h*ps and plunged inside her with such force the bed hit the wall. The force of his thrusts left her gasping and unable to speak. His c**k was a thick rod spearing between her thighs. Her cream coated his cock.

Her arousal intensified with each powerful thrust.

"Love ... being ... inside ... you..." He plunged into her body with each word and pulled out between each breath.

A second orgasm started to build with his incessant thrusts. James knew how to use his impressive cock. She held on. They were both covered in sweat.

James opened her thighs, locked her hands above her head, and stared into her eyes.

"I want to watch you as I come. Wrap your legs around me."

She did as he commanded, staring into his eyes. His thrusts slowed down to an unbearably slow pace. He touched every wall inside her, making her quiver with the feel of what he was doing.

Her cl*t pressed to the skin above his cock, each time he moved inside her. She swallowed down the cries. He was in control and knew how to work her. James brought her to the peak of pleasure only to keep her teetering on the edge of bliss but never going over.

"Please," she said, begging him.

"I love you, Prudence. Nothing will ever part us. You're mine."

James pushed her over the edge, and her orgasm consumed her. She welcomed the pleasure after being denied her release for what felt like a lifetime. He came also, his c**k jerking inside her, washing her womb with his seed. There was something primitive in their joining.

They were man and wife and in those moments. Prudence felt the significance of those words deep inside every part of her being.

Chapter Thirty-One

Prue was pissed off. Not just a little pissed off but on the scale of things, she was on the height of pissed. Their first day of married life and she was sat in his office at Ravage waiting for him to finish with whatever shit he'd been called to do. He'd promised her Ravage would be closed after their wedding so he could devote his time to her. They were going on their honeymoon in a couple of days. Now, it seemed they were going to have to wait some time before that happened.

She sat on the sofa with a deck of cards. He'd given her the cards to amuse herself with. When he got back she was going to show him exactly what she thought of his immature gift.

Last night was perfect. Prue couldn't find fault with the way he made love to her. He'd taken her again and again; each orgasm he'd given her was more powerful than the last. They connected in a more fundamental way, and here she was, sat in his office with a deck of cards.

Trying to explain his actions were driving her crazy. How could she explain being seated in his office, without him, with a deck of cards? The cards were the worst. She'd have preferred a book or at the very least a television, but a deck of cards?

Where was he anyway? He'd come rushing into Ravage, left her alone in his office with the command to stay inside his office, then rushed out. They were going to have a serious talk when she saw him next.

Lucas and Sean walked through the office door. She'd met each of the men before. They were both caring men, but they weren't her James.

"Hi," she said. "If you're looking for James join the queue."

She put the cards aside.

"We know where James is, and we're here to escort you to him."

Prue paused as she stared at the two large men. They were huge in comparison to her. There was no way she could fight them, but she wasn't afraid.

Frowning, she stared between them. "What's going on?" she asked, concerned.

"James said if we showed you this, you'd understand." Lucas held the dark blindfold he'd used over her eyes in Italy. Seeing the blindfold eased any anxiety she had left.

Putting the cards on the sofa, she gave the men her back. "I trust James."

"Good, Prudence. We'd never hurt you."

She nodded. They were both caring men.

"We're both going to hold one of your arms. If our grip is too tight or leaves you uncomfortable, let us know and we'll loosen our hold," Lucas said.

They started walking. She couldn't make out where they were going. Doors opened, but silence was everywhere.

"I give you to your master," Sean said.

The coat she'd been wearing was removed, revealing the black dress James had picked out for her that evening.

The blindfold was removed, and she stared up into James's eyes. He smiled down at her. All of her anger evaporated. She stared around seeing the Dungeon of Ravage. There were many couples around the room.

He held the silver collar in his hands. "Do you consent?" he asked.

"What?"

She felt so happy she thought she was going to burst.

"Do you consent to be my sub and to obey me? I need your answer now before I get Gabe to continue."

Throwing herself into his arms, Prue kissed him deeply. "There is nothing I want more."

"Good." James kissed her one final time then stood back. Gabe came through the room wearing a pair of leather pants with no shirt. He looked commanding and in control.

Prue smiled at him before bowing her head in submission. James's training would not go to waste.

"I want to ask before I continue. Prudence Castleden, do you wish me to continue and to give you to James?" he asked.

"More than anything. I want to be his."

He nodded.

"Please remove your dress," Gabe said.

"No, she doesn't take her clothes off." James interrupted them.

"I thought that was your custom."

"No, Gabe. Not with her, no one gets to see her but me," James said.

"Fair enough."

All three of them moved to the centre of the platform where many of the scenes took place. The space was bare apart from Gabe in front of her and James to her side.

She took a quick glance out at the audience to see many of James's friends in witness. When the time came, Prue knelt on the floor ready to give herself to her man. Her hair was bound on top of her head, exposing her neck for the collar.

"I want to thank you all for coming tonight. This is a special occasion, and I imagine it has been a long time coming for the Master James to take a sub. I present Prudence Castleden, his wife and submissive to Master James." Gabe touched her head. "She has consented to be his sub and to follow his commands to the best of her ability."

The words fell away as James touched her. Her world was filled with nothing but James. Gabe and his words held no meaning with her man. The silver chained collar was placed around her neck, and she was declared James's submissive, his property, and he became her owner.

Applause followed, and James pulled her to her feet. His arms wrapped around her as his lips came down on hers.

"You've made me the happiest man alive," he said.

She touched the collar around her neck. The weight of the collar felt good against her skin. Her pu**y was wet from being owned. James was a possessive man, and he was an Owner.

"I love you, my Master James," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck.

When she'd first met him at the ripe young age of eighteen, she'd thought she would never know true happiness. He was with her sister, but their lives had taken a different turn. She was his wife and his sub. The only thing missing in her life was a child. Prue looked up at him and knew in her heart, everything would be perfect as long as he was there. In the light her wedding band glinted, as did her collar.

Perfection.

****

When Gabe mentioned taking Prudence's clothes off James almost lost it. He was a master, but before all of that he was an owner. No one saw his woman na**d except him. Even with his closest friends in residence for the event to make Prudence his woman, he didn't want any of them to know how perfect she was.

She lay curled against his side in the booth they shared with Tate and Kevin. Lucas and Sean were grabbing drinks from the bar. The party was a lively event with several couples conversing or playing out scenes of their choosing. He was asked if he wanted to do a scene, and he turned down the option. There was no way he was doing a scene with his woman when he couldn't stand for her to be na**d in the room.

He stroked her hair, and she smiled up at him. James noticed her touching the collar around her neck.

"I've been waiting for the perfect opportunity to give you that collar," he said. Giving her the collar as a gift at Christmas had been his idea of promising her he wasn't giving up. He didn't give up, and now Prudence was his wife along with being his sub.

"This is perfect. I was angry with you leaving me alone with a deck of cards. I thought you were unfair."

James laughed. He'd wanted to know how she'd react when he'd given her the cards. From the horrified look on her face, he'd known she would find some way to get him back.

"How are we getting home tonight?" she asked.

"We're staying here tonight. I've got a room we can go to soon. Arthur is picking us up in the morning. We're honeymooning in Italy," he said. All the arrangements were made the moment the wedding had started being planned.

He kissed her fingers then greeted Lucas and Sean.

Prudence took the drink offered. For the rest of the night they sat around the table, drinking and enjoying the event. Several couples came over to congratulate them. James couldn't stop touching his woman. The collar looked stunning wrapped around her neck. He looked forward to buying more collars for her in the future.

When the party started to die down, James took her hand, bade his friends good night, then took her through to his personal room.

He closed the door and turned to find Prudence knelt in the submissive pose he'd trained her to do. His heart pounded, and his c**k thickened at the sight before him. She looked so f**king beautiful. The black dress she wore covered her curves, but his memory was good enough to put the curves in place. The dipped neckline highlighted her large br**sts.

"You please me, Prudence," he said. James went to her where she knelt on the floor. He stroked her hair watching the two colours mingling through his fingers. The clip that had been placed in her hair during the ceremony was already removed.

He helped her to her feet before removing her dress. "For tonight I want to hold you in my arms."

Together, they moved to the bed. His c**k thickened at the sight of Prudence naked, but he was determined to only hold her.

James lay down on the bed with Prudence in his arms. He stared at her where she smiled up at him.

"What are you thinking, Master?" she asked.

Running his thumb along her lip, he saw her eyes dilate with arousal. "That I can't keep my hands off you even though I only want to hold you."

"You can hold me anytime. I'm all yours. Look," she said, holding her hand up. The ring glinted in the light. "I'm your wife. Prudence Castleden. It has a nice ring to it."

He chuckled. James helped to remove the collar then caressed the cross he'd given her. The cross lay nestled between her br**sts. She shivered from his touch. "I can't think when you touch me like that," she said.

"Then you know how I feel most of the time. You're my life, Prudence," he said, capturing her chin. He pressed his lips against hers never wanting to let go. "I couldn't think straight when I thought I lost you. You're my woman, and I couldn't bear the thought of a life without you. If I hadn't found you, I would never have given up. You're my life, my world, and I intend to make you the happiest woman alive."

"Look what you've done," she said, wiping the tears from her eyes. "I love you so much. I never blamed you for what happened, but part of me is a little glad. I know I sound like a sicko for thinking it, but we're closer now than we'd ever been."

James pulled her close, holding her tighter than ever before. The woman in his arms possessed the key to future in his life. Until she entered his life he'd only been half a man. No woman breached the walls he'd erected over the years. One by one, Prudence had knocked them down and forged her way into his heart.

With Prudence by his side, he wanted it all, children, the white picket fence, and the family dinner at Christmas.

"I want to make you pregnant," he said. The words came out without thinking. He stared into her eyes waiting for her answer.

"I thought you'd never ask. Cuddling is nice, Sir, but I want you inside me."

James opened her legs wide to find her wet heat ready and waiting. Guiding his c**k into her vagina, James kept his gaze on hers. He loved her with so much passion he couldn't think straight.

Their relationship had survived the hardest of hits when she was taken. James knew in his heart there was nothing they couldn't battle so long as they faced the battle together.

Epilogue

Tate stared across the room at the woman of his dreams, Rebecca. The garden party was hosted by Ursula after she and Stephen had come back from their honeymoon. Prudence and James were still away on their honeymoon and were not set to return for another two weeks. He'd spoken on the phone to James last night. The other man sounded downright happy and joyous for being married.

Three of his friends were now taken in wedded bliss. Tate was happy for them. He was happy and downright envious of what they had. Cadeon stood with Violet as they took it in turns to hold their baby. The couple couldn't stop smiling, which was like a knife to the heart. The secret smiles between Ursula and Stephen were driving him crazy. If the other two love-birds were in residence, Tate would gladly run into the nearest wall to have some peace in unconscious bliss.

He downed the water he held in the bottle. For the past few weeks he'd been drinking too much alcohol and needed to cut down. Kevin was walking toward him looking fierce with the angry scowl on his face. His friend wasn't handling rejection too well. They both were in love with Rebecca, and their love was verging on obsession. There was nothing they wouldn't do for the woman who sat alone even during the sociable garden party.

"This is torture. I can't handle this shit. How can we get over her when we do nothing but be around her?" Kevin asked.

Tate stared over his friend's shoulder. She was talking with Ursula but only because the hostess was standing at the table.

"We do what we can," Tate said.

"I'm tired of this. I need to walk." Kevin slammed the bottle against Tate's chest before storming off out of the garden and down the street. The summer sun bore down on them all. The heat wave was a killer. Stood in shorts and a light shirt, Tate was uncomfortable in the heat. Most of his days were spent behind the computer dealing with security for some of the wealthiest men in the world. He gathered information and sorted security. Kevin was the whiz behind the computer while Tate was good at gathering clients and getting people to put faith in them as a team. They were the perfect partnership. They were the best of friends when they were kids.

Tate recalled meeting Kevin on their first day of school. After an argument about the blue crayon, they'd shared the crayon and become the best of friends from there. None of the other kids picked on them. They worked together, studied together, and when the time came for sex, they played together, too. Possession and Ravage were a part of them. They were not major players in the BDSM scene, but they liked to watch and participate on occasion.

Ursula moved away from Rebecca. He was surprised to see Rebecca get up from the table. What surprised him more was when she started moving toward him. Sipping his water, Tate waited for her to make the first move. For so long he'd been waiting for this woman to come to him that he had given up hope that she ever would.

"Hi," she said.

The sound of his voice sent illicit thoughts running through his mind. Even when she'd been a married woman he and Kevin had wanted her. Their combined need to claim this woman was startling. They did everything they could to be near her. Nothing was more important to them than her safety and comfort.

"Hi, Rebecca," he said.

Silence descended on them.

"It's nice weather we're having," she said, filling the silence.

Tate smiled. All he wanted to do was pull her in his arms and kiss her deeply.

"You're going to talk about the weather when you've been avoiding me and Kevin for the past few months?" he asked.

Cursing his lack of decorum Tate went to apologise and then stopped as she started to talk.

"I don't know how to do this. I've never known how to be this person." She looked down at the ground, tucking her hair behind her ear. The length had grown out, and she was in desperate need of a cut.

"We're not asking you to be anything other than you, Rebecca. Talking to you or sitting with you shouldn't make us feel like criminals. Shit, I didn't want to have this conversation with you," Tate said, annoyed with himself for the discussion they were having.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"No, it's not you."

****

It was always her fault. How did they not see that? No matter how hard she tried to please them or Lloyd she always fell flat on her face. Rebecca fisted her hands at her side wishing the ground would open up and swallow her. She was tired of trying and always failing. She never did anything right.

Lloyd had told her enough when he was in her life. She'd done everything to please the man who'd given her a better life.

Being that bastard's toy was in no way a better life.

Tate reached out touching her shoulder. The small touch sent goose-bumps erupting over her skin. His touch was caring and gentle. He didn't scare her the way other men scared her. Tate would never hurt her. James's words echoed throughout her mind. There was so much about her life that she regretted. She regretted not being strong enough to deny Lloyd. She regretted marrying him, and her biggest regret was not going to Tate and Kevin when she had the chance. For too long she'd put her life on hold.

She was about to speak the words when his cell phone went off. Rebecca waited while he checked the caller.

"I've got to take this," he said.

Nodding her head, Rebecca watched him walk away. She followed in the direction she saw Kevin disappear. He stood out on the front lawn out of sight from the back garden. A cigarette dangled from his lips. Rebecca hesitated. Would he even want to talk to her?

Squaring her shoulders, she headed over to him.

Kevin turned to look at her. He removed the cigarette and blew out a puff of smoke.

"Are you all right?" he asked. His throat sounded gruff.

"I wanted to come and see you," she said. Both Tate and Kevin made her wish she was different and that she'd never met Lloyd.

"You're here," he said. "I can see you."

She licked her lips trying to find the courage to speak the truth to him once and for all. "No, I don't mean now. Well ... yes, I mean talk to you now, but, wow, this is so hard."

He inhaled from the cigarette. "Look, if what you've got to say is going to tear out my heart then don't bother." Kevin threw the cigarette to the ground.

Rebecca watched as he died the flame out underneath his boot. She'd once been a flame like the lighted tip of a cigarette. She was full of life and couldn't wait for the future. When Lloyd had come along she'd been in love or what she thought was love. Bit by bit, Lloyd had torn her down. He'd chipped away at her self-confidence until, like the cigarette, she'd died out with nothing there inside. Tears sprang to her eyes as the harsh reality of her life hit her full in the face like a slap.

"I'm so sorry. I never want to hurt you or give you cause to be upset," she said, sobbing the words.

"Fuck, I didn't mean to make you cry." Kevin reached out, closing the distance between them. His arms wrapped around her in a tight cocoon of protection. "I hate to see you cry. You've cried too much in your life already."

His words were true. She'd spent too much time crying and regretting her past.

Rebecca pulled away from him. All she wanted to do was go into his arms and be safe. She needed to be strong and pull away to tell him the truth.

"I wanted to come and see you. Lloyd knew about your feelings for me. I never wanted to be the cause of pain for anyone. I didn't fall in love with you in the beginning. I loved Lloyd with all my heart. When he changed, I wanted to get away from him, but he threatened you. I considered you and Tate friends. I liked your company when it was allowed. He warned me that if I didn't do as I was told then he would make sure you and Tate were killed or hurt in some way." She stopped speaking to take a breather. "I couldn't risk you or Tate getting hurt because of me. I didn't want you two to get hurt for protecting me. He's in jail, but I know he's there watching and waiting for me to f**k up. Lloyd couldn't use you because of how powerful you were. He knew you'd take him out and get James and Stephen to help. He was smart."

She looked into his eyes and saw the shock on his face. "I grew to hate Lloyd, and what he made me do repulsed me. He broke a part of me, and I'm afraid he'll hurt you even with him in jail. I'm not the woman you deserve. I'm broken inside. I stay away to protect you. Why don't any of you see that?" she asked.

Her voice rose along with her desperation. Rebecca needed them to understand her plight.

****

Kevin had come to think of Rebecca as being a cruel woman. From the moment he first saw her, Kevin knew she was the right woman for him and Tate. When Tate saw her that had sealed their fate. When they discovered she was married to Lloyd Black, Kevin had never felt so much hatred for another man as in those minutes of watching the older man touch her.

All the times he'd met Lloyd, Kevin hated him. He was a nasty piece of work and one Kevin wouldn't wish him on his worst enemy. Seeing the fear in Rebecca's eyes from that one touch was all it had taken for Kevin to make himself a promise. Being a member of Possession you had to obey by the rules set by Stephen. They were not allowed to interfere with another man's woman. Every man who was a member of the club was decent. They never hurt their women or abused them, but Lloyd was different. He abused the rules of the club like he abused his wife.

Kevin had vowed to protect her no matter what the cost. He made sure to keep a check on her. Reports on her whereabouts had confirmed to him she'd tried to leave Lloyd, but she'd always gone back. When she appeared at the club, Kevin made every effort to talk to her.

"You're telling me Lloyd used Tate and me as blackmail?" he asked.

She nodded, which only incited his anger.

He wanted to break something or hurt someone. In that moment anything would do. "You protected us?"

"I did everything I could to keep you guys safe. In the beginning I liked you as friends, but now I feel something different for you. I know it's unnatural to like two men, but I do."

She said like, not love.

Kevin didn't care. He cupped her shoulders staring into her eyes. "There is nothing Lloyd Black could have done to us, Rebecca. You should have come to us, and we'd have protected you."

Rebecca shook her head. "He warned me, Kevin. I wasn't going to risk you. I never wanted to hurt you, only protect you."

Her arms went around him. Kevin held her close inhaling her lemon scent. She always smelt so good to him. Holding her in his arms felt like a dream.

"Please, let Tate and me take care of you. Give us a chance to show you how we feel." He begged her. Kevin had promised Tate he'd take a step back. How could he take a step back when the woman he loved was right in front of him ready to be taken?

For too long he'd watched her from afar always wanting but never having.

"I don't think I'm the woman you need," she said, pulling away.

No, he wouldn't let her go.

"You're what I need. Nothing else matters."

He looked up as Tate came running in their direction. "You're needed in the house. Bring Rebecca," Tate said.

The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. Looking down at Rebecca, he cupped her cheek before following Tate into the house.

Sean, Lucas, Cadeon, Stephen, and Ursula stood in the room waiting. Tate cleared his throat and stared at each of them.

"What's going on? The suspense is killing me," Lucas said.

"I've just got off the phone from Josiah and Hubert. They want us all to be on alert."

Rebecca's hand gripped his tight. He stared down at where she held onto him. Punching the ceiling in happiness would be too childish.

"Why? What's going on?" Kevin asked. They were still in talks with the two agents because of the help they'd given each other. The security that he and Tate provided helped the agents with some of their more high class cases. They were never going to tell the rest of their friends where they helped. Their business was exactly that, their business.

"Henry Warren has escaped from prison. They don't know how he was able to plan the escape, but they're putting a call through to James. I'm already setting up teams to keep a watch on our available clubs, but there is something else," Tate said. He turned to look at Rebecca. Kevin's blood ran cold.

"What?" she asked. "What is it?"

"Lloyd Black escaped with him. They think he's coming after you."

Rebecca fainted in his arms. Kevin held her. There was no way he was allowing that bastard to come near his woman. If Lloyd Black had a death wish then Kevin was more than happy to give it to him.

The End

