Chapter 1

"Can we talk?"

Simon Hudson flinched as he glanced up from his computer screen, his fiancee, Kara, standing at the entrance to his home computer lab, as she uttered the three little words that he swore every man in America probably dreaded hearing from the woman he loved. After living with the gorgeous brunette for over a year, seeing that familiar crinkle of concentration between her beautiful blue eyes, Simon knew exactly what was about to happen. Can we talk? Those words murmured in that husky, low and seductive voice of hers was actually a warning, a sign that she was about to broach a topic of conversation that he absolutely, positively did not agree with or didn't want to talk about.

He grabbed the mug beside his computer, taking a slug of coffee and wishing it were something a little stronger, even though it was barely eight o'clock in the morning. The last time Kara had wanted to talk, she'd badgered him about her personal security, wanting him to decrease it. That was so not happening. She already had far less security than he would like to see tailing her luscious ass every day. Swallowing hard, trying to get the coffee down around the huge lump in his throat, he tried not to notice how adorable Kara looked in a pair of baby pink medical scrubs as she sashayed into his office. Even after a year, just the sight of her, the sound of her voice, the thought of her, her enticing scent - anything that even reminded him of Kara had him completely enthralled and his c**k instantly standing at attention. Simon had convinced himself that his obsession with Kara would calm down after some time had passed, settling into a more rational love, one that didn't make him completely insane. It hadn't, and he had been seriously deluding himself to think that he could feel anything other than completely irrational thoughts when it came to all things Kara. If anything, his fixation had gotten worse.

I'm a goddamn billionaire, co-owner of one of the most powerful corporations in the world, sensible in every other area of my life. How can one woman make me so crazy?

Kara smiled at him as she stopped in front his desk, making his raging erection strain against the zipper of his jeans and his chest ache with happiness. Every f**king time he looked at her, Simon was constantly amazed that this incredible woman was his, had accepted him completely with all of his faults.

Mine.

Simon wanted to reached across the desk and free that silken mane from its confining ponytail, pull her into his lap and kiss those smiling ripe lips until she made those needy little noises, abandoned moans that...

"Simon?" Kara's questioning voice jerked him out of his erotic fantasies. Damn it.

Can we talk?

Oh, hell. Did he have a choice? He smiled up at her, but answered cautiously, "What did you want to talk about?"

"I need you to read something and sign it. It's no big deal." She dropped several papers on his desk, fastened together with a paper clip.

Scanning the top document quickly, his eyes flying over the printed words, he answered in a bewildered voice. "This is a contract. A prenuptial agreement." He flipped the pages quickly, no stranger to contracts and legal documents. It didn't take long for him to search out the pertinent information. "What in the hell is this?"

She sighed. "I had an attorney draw it up. We're getting married in a month. You're a billionaire and I'm a brand new Registered Nurse without a penny to her name. It's hardly an equal arrangement. I think it's only fair that you're protected. I've already signed it. I just need your signature. Please."

Eyes narrowing into a dangerous look, he raised his head and shot her a mulish glance. "Not happening, sweetheart. Christ, you aren't allowing yourself anything. What attorney would even agree to this for their client? You're never leaving me and I'm sure as hell never leaving you. Till death do us part, what's mine is yours, etc. etc."

Kara propped her hands on her hips and met his ferocious stare with one of her own.

Uh, Oh. Simon was well acquainted with that look, that ornery tilt of her chin, but he'd be damned if he was losing this disagreement. No prenuptial agreement, no divorce. Ever. He'd never survive it. The stubborn woman standing before him had become his entire world, holding his happiness in her delicate hands; she'd yanked him out of his previously lonely, empty existence, forcing him to face his issues head-on, changing his whole life from dysfunctional to extraordinary. Losing her was not an option.

"Things happen, Simon. You saved my life. We aren't equals financially. I owe you this." Her voice was frustrated.

The wheels on Simon's computer chair screeched as he stood, stalking Kara as he moved around the desk. "Things don't happen to us. And you don't owe me a damn thing. You don't let me buy you anything without a major argument; you won't take a penny of my money. I'm willing to bet everything that I have that you've barely touched the money I put in your account over a year ago." Taking a deep breath, Simon tried to contain his emotions, pushing down ruthlessly on the hurt and possessiveness that were trying to claw to the surface. There was nothing he wanted more than to give Kara everything, things she had never had before she met him, but she wouldn't allow him to do much more than put a roof over her head and feed her, and it was killing him. Damn it, Kara's life should be easier now that she was going to be his wife. Spending her entire life in poverty, working her ass into the ground - Simon wanted things to be different for her now; needed to give her a worry-free, happy life after the hell she had been through just to survive. God knew he had the resources.

Kara blew out a shaky breath before answering, "You rescued me from the streets, Simon. You sheltered me, cared for me, made me fall madly in love with you and loved me in return. You've given me every single thing a woman could ever want. Let me give you this."

Bullshit. Not enough. Not enough. She deserves more. Probably a better man than I am, but I can't give her up.

Shuddering as he breathed in her unique, feminine scent, Simon turned her around, slapping a hand on each side of the desk, imprisoning her. Denying this woman anything she wanted was hell since she asked for so little except his love, but he refused to give in this time. She had his love, his body, his mind, his f**king soul. Obviously, his woman hadn't yet realized that she had him by the balls every minute of every day.

Mine.

His mouth nuzzled her ear, crowding her against the desk, shoving his body into hers just to feel those lush curves molded against him. God, how he loved the way her body surrendered to him, yielded to him, melding them together with her willingness to accept him as though his flesh was part of her.

Kara's arms snaked around his body, her hands wandering beneath his t-shirt, her touch setting fire to his already-hot skin. He groaned as she plastered her body against him, stroking his back, rotating her hips against his swollen cock.

His mouth next to her ear, Simon growled. "No contracts. Nothing between us. Not now. Not in the future. You're mine. You'll always be mine."

Her irresistible fragrance surrounded him, drowning him in desire, his body begging his mind to take her. Feral need engulfed him and he pulled her head back gently by her ponytail, covering her mouth with his as she parted her deliciously tempting lips to argue.

Kara whimpered a sweet little sound of need as his mouth devoured hers, Simon swallowed the noise with hungry lips, desperate to claim his woman, to brand her with his touch until she could think of nothing but him, needed nothing but him. She tasted like coffee, peppermint and pure carnal desire, and it nearly drove him mad. He plundered, taking her mouth, groaning as her tongue slid along his, claiming him. His heart thundered against his chest wall, wanting to tell her that she had owned him forever, since the first moment he saw her. Probably, if he was honest, long before that. He had waited a lifetime for the woman he held in his arms, and he would never let her go.

Releasing her lips reluctantly, Simon buried his face in the side of Kara's neck, panting for air and struggling for control over his rampant covetous emotions. His hands slid down to her shapely ass, cupping it, pulling the heat of her core against his swollen cock.

"Simon," Kara moaned in her husky f**k-me voice, her warm breath wafting over his ear.

Animal instinct slammed him in the gut, uncontrolled and wild. Nothing, absolutely nothing, was important at that moment except the driving desire to satisfy his needy mate.

"I love you," she panted restlessly, her teeth biting gently at his neck.

This time, her words went straight to Simon's heart, the pleasurable pain striking him directly in the chest. "I love you too, sweetheart." Resting his forehead against her shoulder, he closed his eyes, floored by the strength of her emotions, humbled by the fact that this woman truly loved him. Him. The man. Not the billionaire or the material things he could give her. He bore the scars of his past, inside and out, but Kara never seemed to see anything except a man worth loving. She was a miracle, his miracle. "No more talk about prenuptial agreements, okay?"

He felt her silky hair brush against his jaw as she shook her head, pulling back slightly to meet his eyes. Frowning at him, she answered, "We have to talk about it."

Nope. They sure as hell did not have to talk about it. She could drop the whole ridiculous idea and just kiss him again. And again. Simon wasn't about to make the most incredible, happiest event of his life into a f**king contract. "You know I already revised my will. We went over it." He'd made damn sure Kara would always be taken care of, no matter what happened to him.

She nodded slowly. "It's one thing if you leave me unwillingly by death. But what if..."

"Not happening," he replied swiftly, his jaw tightening at the thought of losing Kara. "This is forever. I'm not signing a damn prenuptial agreement. You and I are not a f**king business deal. This is about you and me. Together. For the rest of our lives." Simon's green-eyed monster was clutching at him, irritated at the possibility that anything could take this woman away from him. Not happening.

Pushing against his chest, she wriggled out of his hold. "I want you to know that I'm not marrying you because of your money." Her voice wobbled and her lower lip trembled.

Oh, f**k. No. "Don't cry. I don't like it." Actually, he hated it. Seeing her cry practically brought him to his knees, made him want to give in to just about anything she wanted. Luckily, she rarely cried unless it was tears of joy and Kara never used his weakness at seeing her cry as a weapon. "And it's always been quite obvious that you aren't after my money." More than obvious.

Giving him a wide-eyed, astonished glance, she replied hotly, "How can you know that? You supported me while I finished nursing school, paid my expenses, buy me outrageously expensive gifts. I want you to be able to trust me completely."

Shit! Seriously? The woman knew every one of his dirty little secrets, things that he had never revealed to another soul, not even his brother, Sam. "I've trusted you with every detail of my life, Kara. I trust you. I wouldn't be marrying you if I didn't. I don't need a prenuptial agreement. I don't want one," he rasped, trying to squelch his anger, his hurt over the fact that as much as he had poured out his soul to her, she still didn't completely trust him or the fact that their relationship would never come to an end. "If you had enough faith in me, you wouldn't need it either."

It took Simon about a nanosecond to regret the words, wanting to take them back the moment that they left his stupid mouth. Kara's beautiful face fell, every ounce of hurt showing in her expressive eyes that were filling with tears. Shit. What kind of dumbass statement was that? Instead of appreciating the fact that Kara wanted him so much that she was willing to give up any financial gain from their marriage just to show him how much she cared, Simon had slung the hurtful words at her out of frustration and more than a little fear. And the words weren't the least bit true. Kara had always had faith in him, even when she probably shouldn't have had any, even when he hadn't had faith in himself. Problem was, he wanted more, needed her to believe in them as a couple. Although she balked whenever he bought her something because of her past financial situation, Kara had never seemed to question the fact that they were soulmates, destined to be together forever...until the last few weeks. Her recent hesitance scared him, terrified him into starting to consider that maybe it was she who might want out some day. Her notion that she owed him and didn't want to share everything, especially his wealth, bothered the shit out of him. It made every lingering insecurity he had jump up to bite him in the ass.

Spearing a hand through his hair with a remorseful sigh, he told her softly, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that."

He watched her carefully, his heart breaking as Kara angrily swiped away a tear that escaped from her liquid blue eyes as she answered, "You wouldn't have said it if there wasn't some truth to it. Maybe you're right. Maybe this is all a mistake."

His eyes turned dark and turbulent. "What kind of mistake?"

"Us." She gestured at him and then at herself. "Maybe we shouldn't be considering marriage right now. Maybe there's just too big a difference in our circumstances." Hands shaking nervously, she swiped at both her eyes, the tears coming so fast she couldn't keep up with them.

What. The. Hell. He'd waited, fighting against every instinct he had to make her his wife immediately, for nearly a year. And now she was questioning their upcoming marriage? Because he was wealthy? It wasn't like his money was something new, something unknown. He'd been a billionaire long before they met. Cursing under his breath, Simon stepped forward, reaching for Kara, but she pulled free, backing away from him with a strangled sob. Dropping his hands, he fisted them at his side. Jaw clenched, he forced himself not to reach for her again. In the year that they had been together, he and Kara rarely fought, and he had never seen her look this fragile...except for the time she had been attacked and nearly killed by two violent junkies. Even then, she hadn't looked this freaked out. When his woman was really angry, she got in his face and told him off. Their arguments fired hot and blew over quickly, usually resolved with a compromise and earth shattering make-up sex.

Did we wait too long? Is she getting cold feet?

Wishing he had just thrown her over his shoulder nearly a year ago and swept her away to Vegas on his private jet, Simon answered, "We are getting married and you need to tell me what's really going on." Trying to keep his temper and his voice level, Simon clenched his fists harder, nearly cutting off all the blood circulation to his fingers. Kara had never backed away from him, rebuffed his attempts to comfort her. What had happened to the woman who would throw herself into his arms whenever she needed him? And, damn it, he wanted her to need him. Her rejection was killing him.

"I don't know if I can marry you." Her statement was released with a mournful sob.

Screw it. Simon couldn't watch her tears another damn moment and he didn't for the life of him understand what she was trying to say. All he knew was panic, desperation and pain. Panic at the thought of losing her, desperation to fix whatever was wrong, and an unholy agony from hearing her say that she wasn't going to marry him. To hell with that. "You're marrying me. No f**king prenuptial. I need you, Kara. I'll always need you. Please don't do this." His statement was low, dangerous, spoken like he was barely able to contain his caveman instincts...which he was. Right now, he wanted to pin her to the wall and get inside of her so deeply, take her so thoroughly, that she never again considered saying that she couldn't marry him. Hell, if she needed a reminder of how they fit together, how much he wanted and needed her, he'd be glad to give it to her. Right here. Right now.

Eyes wild, Kara backed up as he followed slowly, stalking her until he had her pinned to the wall beside the door. Her eyes shot to his face, then the door, and back to his face.

"Don't even think about it," he rumbled, slamming a hand beside each of her arms, boxing her in, cutting off any hope of her escape. "Talk to me," he demanded roughly, needing to soothe her pain...and his own. After spending the last year blissfully happy with a woman he loved more than life itself, Kara's sudden irrational behavior was out in left field. He was usually the one that was a controlling, dominant ass**le and Kara was his voice of reason. "Are you okay?" he asked gruffly, his eyes searching her face. If something was wrong, he'd fix it. There was nothing he wouldn't do at the moment to make her smile again, take away the confusion and pain he saw reflected in her eyes.

As long as she doesn't say she can't marry me. If she says it again...I'll lose it.

Kara nodded hesitantly and then shook her head. "Yes. No. I don't know." She put her forehead on his shoulder and started to sob like her whole world was ending. Lifting her hands, she clenched at his t-shirt, fisting large portions of the cotton at his waist while she saturated the top half of the garment with her tears.

Holy Christ! Completely baffled, Simon wrapped his arms around her, his grip so tight she squeaked.

"Can't breathe," she mumbled as she sucked in a labored breath.

"Shit. I'm sorry. Kara, I don't understand." Simon loosened his hold immediately, keeping her pliant body against his, feeling completely helpless and hating every moment of it.

She twisted in his arms as a series of sharp raps sounded on the wood frame of the door and his older brother Sam strolled, uninvited, into the room.

Using the distraction to her advantage, Kara slipped from Simon's arms and made her escape. "I have to go. Maddie is expecting me at the clinic." Her explanation was rushed and breathless, as she hurried out of the open door like her ass was on fire, skirting around his brother as she went.

"No! Kara. We aren't finished. Don't you dare leave right now," Simon bellowed loudly after her retreating figure. Angry and completely desperate, he plowed after her, determined to track her ass down until she explained what was going on.

Simon never made it out the door, his brother jerking him back into the room with a strong grip on the back of his shirt. "Whoa, bro. Let her go. It doesn't look like you were resolving much of anything."

Simon turned to face his brother, absolutely livid. "Take your f**king hands off me. She's going to listen."

Sam let his brother turn, but firmly gripped Simon's shirt in the front, pulling his younger brother closer. Nose to nose, Sam drilled Simon with an icy stare, his voice as cold as his eyes as he replied, "Oh yeah, you both looked like you were totally ready to have a rational conversation." Sam shook Simon lightly. "Calm the hell down and think about what you're doing. The woman was dissolving in a puddle of tears. You love her. Is this really the mood you need to be in when you talk? You'll say stupid things that you'll regret later. Trust me."

Deflated, Simon's body relaxed, allowing Sam to loosen his grip. "Fuck. I already did." He flinched as he heard the door to condo slam closed, his heart sinking to his feet at the realization that Kara had left their home. Left him.

Sam stepped back and grabbed Simon by the shoulders, asking quietly, "You good now?" His older brother was really asking if Simon had a grip on himself.

"Yeah. Yeah, I think so." Shrugging off Sam's light hold, Simon dragged himself back to his desk, slumping into his computer chair. Burying his face in his hands, he groaned. "I really need to talk to Kara. Work things out. Something's wrong."

Sauntering over to the circle of computers, Sam grabbed up a chair, swinging it around and seating his large body in the chair backwards. Resting his forearms on the back of the chair, Sam locked his fingers together and shook his head, causing the curly blond locks of his hair to ruffle lightly as he told Simon in a grave voice, "Bro, you really need to work on your communication skills. If that was working things out, I'd really hate to see what happens when you two are having an argument."

Chapter 2

"You're not sick. You're pregnant."

Kara cringed, her head shooting up to give the vivacious redheaded physician walking through the door of the exam room an alarmed stare. Her jaw dropped and she shook her head. "How is that possible?"

Dr. Madeline Reynolds came to a stop in front of the exam table Kara was seated on and folded her arms in front of her. "You're a nurse. Do we really need a refresher on anatomy and physiology?" Maddie lifted her arms and made a circle with the middle finger and thumb of her left hand while inserting her index finger of her right into the circle. "Part A is inserted into part B, which may result in pregnancy." She shrugged, smiling at Kara as she dropped her hands to her side. "You know the other details."

"I'm on the pill, Maddie. It's not possible."

"You know it can still happen. And I think it's entirely possible that you conceived soon after you had that stomach virus between Christmas and New Years," Maddie answered, her voice contemplative. "You missed your period recently, didn't you?"

Kara nodded reluctantly. "But I still took my pill every day when I was sick. I didn't forget. And I didn't take any antibiotics that would interfere with the effectiveness of my pill," Kara answered, her voice panicked.

Maddie gave her a wry look. "But you were vomiting every day for a week. I suspect most of your pill came right back up and was never dissolved in your bloodstream."

"Shit, shit, shit." Maddie was probably right and Kara was experiencing some serious denial. All of the symptoms had been there. She just hadn't wanted to acknowledge them. Cursing herself for not thinking about the possibility that Maddie had just mentioned and using an alternative method of birth control, Kara's eyes dropped to the floor.

"You were sick. Don't blame yourself because your brain was scrambled." Maddie handed Kara the paper in her hand. "Here's the result of your HCG. It's positive. You know the test is pretty damn accurate, but we can repeat it in a week if you want to."

Kara took the test results from Maddie, staring down at the positive result in shock, her eyes flooding with tears. Again. "I can't believe it. Oh God, how am I going to tell Simon?"

Maddie plopped her ass on a rolling stool, wheeling herself between Kara's feet, which were dangling from the exam table. Snatching the test results from Kara's trembling fingers; Maddie dropped the sheet of paper on the table and grasped both of Kara's hands, staring up at her with a concerned expression. "You think Simon will be upset? Kara...I don't think he will. You're getting married in a month. It's a little soon, but I think he'll be delighted. And I know you want kids."

Kara looked down at Maddie, her expression grim. "I do want children. I'm thirty years old and I'd like to have more than one. But any time I bring up the subject with Simon, he shuts it down immediately. He wants to wait." She covered her flat stomach reflexively, sighing at the thought that she was carrying Simon's child. She wanted this baby desperately, already loved it. "I don't think he'll be happy. His expression looks pained every time I talk about it. And we fought this morning."

"About?" Maddie prompted gently.

"I was being a raving bitch. I haven't been myself for the last few weeks. That's why I wanted you to run a few blood tests. I think I knew I could be pregnant, but didn't want to admit it. I feel so emotional all the time, so scared. I had a premarital agreement drawn up by an attorney to protect Simon and he wouldn't sign."

Maddie squeezed Kara's hands lightly. "You know, I like that man more and more every day. Good for him. He trusts you enough to know that you would never screw him." Maddie smirked. "Not financially anyway. Any other billionaire with Simon's money would have already had your signature on a prenup the moment he put that gorgeous ring on your finger. Why would you argue about that?"

"I insisted he sign. He refused. Told me I didn't have enough faith in him. Then I told him that maybe we should reconsider this marriage because we were just too different. God, I don't even know why I said that. Simon is like a missing piece of my soul, my other half. I don't know what I'd do without him. We fit in every way except for the money. I guess I panicked."

Kara shuddered as she remembered the shattered look of pain on Simon's handsome, beloved face and wanted to start crying all over again. Why had she said that? Simon was her world, and she knew he felt the same. The man had suffered enough pain in his past. He shouldn't have to receive it from the woman he loved, the woman he wanted to marry and spent the rest of his life with.

"You're pregnant, girlfriend, and your hormones are raging out of control. It's normal to be a little touchy, do and say irrational things, and to have mood swings. Tell Simon. Let him understand and be there for you. You need him right now," Maddie told her in a persuasive tone.

Kara smiled at her friend weakly. "It's hard to believe that you once hated him."

"I never hated Simon. I didn't know him. I was just afraid he'd end up being a snake like his brother, Sam." Maddie's voice was soft, but it held a trace of bitterness. "It's pretty clear that he's not. He adores you, makes you happy. For that alone...I love the guy. But he's also a very good person. He's helped me keep this free clinic afloat with his donations."

The money that was donated belonged to Sam too, a charitable gift from the Hudson Corporation, but Kara wasn't about to mention that fact to Maddie. Sam Hudson and Maddie had a past - and things obviously hadn't ended well. Maddie never wanted to discuss it, but Kara knew that neither one of them were exactly over it, even though Kara surmised it was an incident in the distant past. "Sam's a good man, Maddie. He saved my life."

"Yeah. After he insulted you," Maddie snapped, irritated.

"He's not perfect, but he has a good heart," Kara argued. Sam had been an ass the first time she'd met him, but over the last year Simon's brother had become dear to her, like a big brother she had never had. And he had saved her from two deranged criminals, risking his own life for hers. She'd forgiven Sam a long time ago for his actions at Simon's birthday party. He'd been a perfect angel since that incident.

"He's a man-whore," Maddie muttered fiercely.

Okay. Kara couldn't really argue that point. But Kara suspected Sam went through women like a surgeon went through rubber gloves because he'd never met the right woman. Or, he had met the right one...and she had gotten away. Sam never dated a woman worth keeping; he went out with superficial women who only cared about his status and money. They were all stunning to look at, but there was never any genuine warmth in a single one of them. Scanning Maddie's flushed face and volatile expression, Kara had a feeling that Maddie was definitely a factor in Sam's dysfunctional relationships with women. "Something happened between you two. Are you ever going to tell me what?"

"No. It was a long time ago and it's not important." Maddie released Kara's hands and rose to her feet, sending her stool backward with a practiced flick of her foot. "You need to start taking prenatal vitamins and see an OB doc."

"I'll make an appointment with Dr. Shapiro." Kara rubbed her tummy, still incredulous that she was actually carrying Simon's baby. Boy or girl? She didn't really care as long as the baby was healthy. However...she would love to have a little Simon.

No doubt he'd be bossy and demanding like his daddy. And handsome, with dark eyes and raven hair, just like Simon. Kara smiled, her eyes dreamy, hoping her son or daughter also inherited Simon's kindness, his generosity, his freaking off-the-charts IQ. Yeah, an adorable little replica of Simon would be incredible, and Kara knew Simon would be a wonderful father. If he wants to be a father. Strangely enough, she knew he would fall in love with the baby, even if he was initially reluctant. He'd spoil the baby shamelessly, the same way he spoiled her. Problem was, Kara didn't want to force Simon into fatherhood if he wasn't ready for it. Not that she had much of a choice now.

Maddie nodded her head. "Katherine Shapiro is an excellent OB. Good choice." Seeing the distant look in Kara's eyes, Maddie snapped her fingers in front of her face. "Hey, where are you?"

Kara's head jerked up, meeting Maddie's eyes with a guilty look. "Um...sorry. I was just thinking about the baby." And Simon. Always Simon.

"Are you okay? I know this was a shock." Gently, Maddie rested a comforting hand on Kara's shoulder. "Don't worry about the moodiness and being emotional. It's hormones. Tell Simon and let him help you. He'll understand your emotional behavior once he understands that it's caused by your hormones and pregnancy."

Kara gulped, wondering if he would understand. Dear God, she loved him more than anything or anybody else on earth. What if he didn't understand? Hopping off the exam table, not really wanting to think about Simon's reaction, Kara muttered, "I'd better get back to work." She was here in the clinic for her weekly volunteer shift and Maddie had patients to see. "Thanks for taking the time out to check me over. I thought I was losing my mind."

"You're pregnant. Pretty much the same thing," Maddie answered with a touch of dry humor. "Go home. The schedule is light for the rest of the day. I can handle it alone. Go and talk to Simon. You both need time to get used to this." She pulled Kara's unresisting body close and hugged her fiercely. "Everything will be okay. Simon loves you and you love him. You're getting married in a month and you can't cancel the wedding - I already have my dress!"

Kara hugged Maddie back, clinging to the petite woman for an extra moment. After Simon, there was nobody she loved more than Maddie. "Thank you, Maddie," she whispered softly, tears welling up in her eyes.

Oh, Lord, not again. How many times could one woman cry in a single day? I can count the number of times I've cried in the last five years on one hand, most of them because of something sweet that Simon did for me. I'm turning into a damn broken faucet that's constantly dripping water.

Emotionally, Kara knew she was a mess, her emotions swinging radically from one extreme to the other. Not even her damn body was her own anymore. She craved Simon's hot body every moment of the day. Sure, she'd always been like a female in heat whenever he was near, but now, she wanted to jump his bones every other second. Simon was insatiable, but Kara was betting she could easily surpass him in the carnal need department right now. And then, there was her growing urgency for food, cravings so strong they compelled her to seek out the strangest foods like a crazy woman. One day it was a hamburger, the next day it was chocolate. Today, it was ice cream. She'd do just about anything for a large bowl of the chocolate sundae gourmet ice cream in the fridge at home. Or maybe a gallon or two. Her stomach rumbled aloud at the thought.

Maddie's laughter flowed lightly over the room. "No morning sickness I take it? Cravings?"

"Food and sex. Sex and food. Which one is more important changes frequently. I'm a little queasy in the morning, but it doesn't last long and then I'm eating like a horse for the rest of the day. Sometimes I crave things that I don't even like. How could I have not suspected that I might be pregnant?" Kara answered, annoyed that her brain wasn't in control of her actions anymore. "If you're sure you don't mind, I think I'll go home. I have to tell Simon, so I might as well get it over with." Honestly, she wanted to tell Simon as soon as possible and hope he forgave her for treating him so poorly that morning. The look on his face earlier was nagging at her, tugging at her heart.

Maddie snorted as she turned Kara around and pushed her gently toward the door. "You volunteer your time here, Kara. Every damn week, even though you have a full-time job at the hospital. I'm grateful for your help, but you don't have to ask permission to leave. I'll be fine." Maddie hesitated before asking softly, "You said you were scared? Do you mind if I ask why?"

Kara shook her head slightly. With her hand on the doorknob, she stopped, and turned her head to look at Maddie. She didn't mind her friend asking, but she wasn't quite sure she could even explain. "Have you ever had something happen to you, something so good that it's hard to believe that it's even real?"

Maddie hesitated before nodding slightly. "Yeah. Once. "

Kara had a feeling her friend truly did understand. "It's like that with Simon. Sometimes I need to pinch myself to make sure that I'm not dreaming, that he's real, that he loves me. I guess I'm afraid that something this good will somehow be taken away, that it isn't forever."

"You lost your parents at the age of eighteen and didn't have any other family. Maybe it's the memory of that loss that makes all of this so scary, so terrifying to feel the way you do. Everything seems amplified when you're pregnant and you're running on emotions," Maddie answered thoughtfully.

Kara's eyes widened as she thought about her friend's statement. Had the death of her parents made her afraid of loss? "That's possible. I guess I just want Simon to know how much I love him and that it's not about his wealth. I've been scared lately, afraid that he won't understand that I love him for the man he is and not his money."

"The problem is, he already knows that." Maddie let out an exasperated sigh. "He isn't seeing your gestures to protect him or prove your love for him as reassurance, Kara. He's seeing it as rejection, a refusal to accept all that he is. Simon might have grown up poor, but he and Sam busted their asses to become successful. It's a major accomplishment in his life and you want no part of it." In a gentler voice, Maddie continued, "I understand what you're trying to do and I get that you've always been independent, but if your positions were reversed and you had more money than Fort Knox, wouldn't you want to share it with Simon, make his life easier after living a life of poverty?" Maddie waited until Kara nodded before continuing. "In his own screwed-up way, he's trying to take care of you. Sometimes men connect their own self-worth with their ability to take care of the woman they love. Yeah, it's old-fashioned and ridiculous, but true. Believe me; Simon has never had any question about you being a gold-digger. That's your hang-up, not his."

"I do accept him. I don't reject any part of Simon. I admire the way he and Sam pulled themselves up from poverty and..."

"Then for God's sake drop the prenup idea and let the guy buy you stuff. If it makes him happy, what does it matter if he spends his money to give you something? You deserve it and he knows you aren't after him for his money. But you need to accept that he's richer than God and anything he gives you won't make even a tiny dent in his net worth." Maddie put her hands on her hips as she finished, giving Kara an admonishing stare.

"He already buys me things. More things than I need."

"Yeah. And you fight him over it. I understand that you've lived with almost nothing your entire life so you think you don't need anything. You're going to have to deal with the fact that you're marrying one of the richest men in the world. If he were trying to buy your love or could only show his affection through material things, that would be a problem. But that's not true in Simon's case. He's just trying to be thoughtful, trying to take care of you. I say...let him do it and enjoy the things he gives you without feeling guilty. If you really want him to be happy, let him spend his money on you. Compromise. You're still living in survival mode, counting every penny you spend. I get that. But you don't need to do that anymore and Simon doesn't see his spending as extravagant. He sees it as normal because he's become accustomed to being wealthy. Understand?"

Kara stared at Maddie, comprehension dawning slowly. Compromise? Wasn't that what she had always thought she was doing? But was she really? Had she ever really tried to understand Simon's side of the money issue? Groaning inwardly, Kara realized that she still never bought anything that wasn't vital to her survival and she chastised Simon whenever he spent any money on her. For Simon, his gifts had been normal, equivalent to his lifestyle. They may have seemed over-the-top to her because she had always lived in poverty, but she was starting to see how Simon could interpret her behavior as a rejection.

"How did you ever become so wise when it comes to men?" Kara asked Maddie, knowing her friend rarely dated and had been raised in several foster homes.

Maddie shrugged. "It's easy to see as an observer. Harder to recognize when you're actually emotionally involved. I've watched you and Simon for a year now, seen your reaction on your birthday, Christmas and any other time he gives you something nice. Instead of accepting his gifts with a smile, you chew him out for spending money on you. And I've seen his injured looks. He thinks he's giving you something that will please you and it doesn't. I think it's hard on his ego."

"Oh, God. I'm such a bitch. I didn't know. I didn't think about it that way." Tears sprung to her eyes. Oh shit, don't start crying again.

"Hey, don't beat yourself up over it. You're a survivor. Your attitude has gotten you through a lot of challenges in your life. There's no shame in that. I'm just saying that it's time to let go of that particular defense mechanism and relax a little. Let Simon give you some nice stuff, take a nice honeymoon. The man has a private jet. Use it." Maddie scooped up Kara's test results from the exam table. "Try to go somewhere other than Disneyworld this time."

Kara smiled at Maddie weakly. Disneyworld on her spring break was the only vacation Kara had ever allowed Simon to give her. "Hey, I wanted to go to the Magic Kingdom. I'd never been there before. It was wonderful."

"Save Mickey Mouse for after you have the kid. Let Simon fire up that jet and whisk you away to someplace romantic. There's plenty of time for family vacations later."

Kara grinned. "London? Paris? Italy?" They were all places she'd love to visit, but didn't think she could ever afford.

Maddie smiled back at her and winked. "Now you're talking. Think big. Very big. I have a sneaking suspicion that Simon wouldn't mind a very long honeymoon."

Kara opened the door and stepped through it, making her way to the front of the clinic with Maddie close behind. Scooping up her jacket from a hook near the reception area, she asked Maddie quietly, "You're going to have to deal with Sam for my wedding. Are you okay with that?"

Maddie's spine stiffened visibly as she reached for a file on the reception desk in preparation for her next patient. "Of course. He's nothing to me."

Hmm...Kara doubted that. "If you spend some time together you might discover that he isn't quite the ogre that you think he is. Maybe he's matured since you knew him."

Maddie shot her a doubtful look. "Pleeeze! I do read the newspaper and magazines. The man still has a set of horns underneath those golden curls of his. Don't hold your breath on that assumption. You might pass out, and it wouldn't be good for the baby." She followed Kara out the door and into the reception area. "Headed for home?"

Kara slipped her arms into her jacket and zipped the front, a mysterious smile on her face. "Shortly. I have some shopping to do first. It is Valentine's Day. I need to pick something up and hit a few other stores. I had my lucky penny made into a medallion with a men's gold chain for Simon so he can't give it back. The jeweler was able to do it without ruining the integrity of the coin." The coin collector in Simon would have flinched had she made the rare penny into a piece of jewelry that would destroy the rare coin. "I need to pick it up at the jewelry store."

"I guess it is Valentine's Day. I actually forgot," Maddie answered, her expression distant and slightly sad.

Kara said her goodbyes and slipped out the front door, sending a silent Valentine wish to Cupid for Maddie to find the extraordinary man that her friend deserved.

Chapter 3

Simon paced his computer lab like a caged tiger, knowing the thoughts he was having about Kara leaving him were probably irrational, but he wasn't exactly feeling levelheaded at the moment. He'd felt better after Sam had left - his brother had talked some sense into his thick head - but after getting a text from Kara telling him that she would be home later than normal, he'd gotten anxious all over again, expecting the worse. He hadn't been reassured by her responses to his text messages, which had been incredibly vague. The only positive had been the fact that she had sent him a message telling him she loved him.

I love you so much. I'll be home soon.

Simon stopped pacing long enough to trace the words she had typed in her text message, hoping they would lighten his mood, give him hope. And maybe they would have, but he spotted that damn premarital agreement on his desk out of the corner of his eye, making him grunt with irritation.

Maybe I should have just signed it if it would make her happy. What does it matter? Is a stupid piece of paper really that important? He'd always take care of Kara, regardless of whatever agreement was signed.

Simon snatched up the contract from his desk and flipped the pages. Gritting his teeth, he picked up a pen and signed his name with angry strokes. Slamming the pen on top of the papers, he muttered, "Fine. It's done. The world isn't going to end because I signed the stupid thing." He was never leaving her, and he'd move heaven and earth to keep her at his side. The damn papers could just rot, collecting dust in some quack attorney's office, while Simon lived his life with the woman he loved. "I just want her to be happy," he whispered fiercely, hoping his signature would end her sadness. Kara's behavior the last few weeks was making him crazy. His woman was usually so serene, so upbeat and positive, even though life had thrown her a very rough deal. It was hell seeing her beautiful face with anything less than a smile. If the prenup was what she needed to bring her peace, he'd sign a hundred of them. Sure, he might not like the fact that Kara had doubts about them, had thoughts about them someday separating, but he'd do whatever it took to convince her otherwise. Maybe she just needed more time. Kara had given him so much, most importantly her unconditional love and support over the last year. If she could put up with his cranky, irritated, scarred self, most of the time without complaint, he could sign a damn paper for her. "I should have done it before," he said quietly, cursing himself for being so argumentative about something so trivial. He knew Kara was sensitive about their differences in financial positions. He'd hoped she would get over it, begin to consider the fact that what was his also belonged to her, but he guessed she just wasn't there yet.

"Should have done what?" The husky, feminine voice flowed over him like fine silk, lilting softly behind him.

Simon turned, drinking in the sight of the woman he loved, his heart accelerating. "Should have signed the f**king papers when you wanted me to sign instead of fighting over it," he told her in a husky voice, needing desperately have her in his arms, feel her warm softness against him.

Still in her soft pink scrubs, her sneaker-clad feet padded softly around the desk and picked up the papers, sending the pen that Simon had used to sign the documents rolling across the desk. "You signed them?" Kara sounded shocked, surprised.

"Yes. I'm sorry for what I said." And Simon was sorry. More sorry than he could convey in words because he'd never been very good with flowery speeches or finding the right words to say to Kara. Honestly, most of the time he was obsessed with his need to possess her, protect her. Tender emotions and sweet words weren't exactly his forte.

Kara's gaze flew to his face, scanning his features as though she were looking for something. "Why? I thought you didn't want this."

"I don't." He shrugged. "But I want you to be happy. I know the money issue bothers you." He speared her with a dark look. "I signed them for you. But you're still not leaving me. Ever." And the papers would never be used or important. They were just a damn poor use of trees as far as Simon was concerned.

Kara's lips turned up in a small smile. Her eyes never left his as she picked up the agreement and tore the papers in two. And then ripped them again. And again. "You're right. I'm not leaving you. Not as long as you love me."

His heart racing, he replied, "That would be as long as I'm still breathing. Why are you doing that?" he asked, watching her scatter the little pieces of the contract across the desk.

"Because I never should have let money be an issue between us. I'm so sorry, Simon. So very sorry." Her voice cracked as she moved quickly around the desk, throwing herself into his arms.

Simon savored the contact, wrapping his arms around her, closing his eyes with relief. He kissed her temple, her cheek, holding her as closely as he could without crushing her. "I shouldn't have said what I said."

"I hurt you because of my own insecurities. You've never let money be a problem in our relationship, and I shouldn't have either. You were right. I was wrong," she murmured quietly against his chest.

Gently, Simon brought Kara's head to his shoulder, letting her rest comfortably against him. Where she belongs. Where she'll always belong. "I love you. I just want you to be happy again. You seem so sad. I don't like it."

Kara pulled back, but only far enough to look into his eyes. "I'm not sad, Simon. I'm emotional."

"I'd rather see you be happy emotional than sad emotional," he grumbled, kissing the tip of her nose gently.

Cupping his cheek softly in her hand, she answered, "You're an incredible man, Simon Hudson. Always so worried about my happiness, my safety, so willing to sacrifice for me. I love you so much it scares me sometimes."

Simon caught her hand and brought it to his lips, kissing her palm gently. "I never sacrifice anything for you. I love you. And feel free to love me as much as you want to. You won't hear me complaining."Simon couldn't hide his grin, knowing he would never get tired of hearing how much she loved him, even if she told him a hundred times a day.

Kara smiled softly. "I spent money today. Your money. Um...I mean our money. And I've decided that I need a car. Or maybe an SUV. Something...uh...with more space. And I want a long honeymoon. Can we use the jet?"

"Absolutely. Any place you want to go." Thank God. Simon's grin broadened as he asked her playfully, "Was it painful?"

Kara didn't even need to ask what he meant. Simon understood her. "Horribly. I started out on the clearance racks, but I couldn't find anything I wanted there so I had to move to the regular priced stuff."

"Ouch." God, he loved this woman. "And how did that go?"

"Okay. My hand only shook a tiny bit as I ran my debit card," she admitted with chagrin. "I even went to get a manicure and pedicure. I've never done that before. It felt...weird...but I wanted to try it."

Simon laughed as he hugged Kara closer, reminded of just how few luxuries this woman had ever had in her life, how few things she had done that many women did on a regular basis and took for granted. "What did you buy?"

"A few things. And um...a new wardrobe. Bigger clothes." Her voice was hushed, nervous.

"Are you planning on gaining weight?" Not that he cared. She could wear whatever size she wanted, put more meat on her bones. Her curves would be lusher, softer.

"For a while. Oh...hell! I might as well just say it." She pulled back and put a hand on each side of his head, Kara's pensive eyes meeting his still-teasing look. "I'm pregnant. We're going to have a baby. That's the reason I'm so emotional. I feel like my hormones are taking over my brain."

Simon's jaw dropped and his face took on an astonished expression as he looked at Kara, his mouth moving, but no sound escaping. Pregnant? She was going to have his baby?

Emotions rolled through him, one after the other.

Fear.

Happiness.

Anxiety.

And a healthy dose of fierce possessiveness.

"How? Why?" Stupid questions, but they popped out of his mouth anyway, his brain still trying to catch up with his emotions.

Kara burst into tears, larges drops rolling down her cheeks as her face contorted with remorse. "I'm sorry. It probably happened when I was sick. I didn't get enough of the pill in my system because I was vomiting. I should have been more careful. I know you don't want to be a father right now. But I already love our baby so much."

Our baby. Our. Baby. His heart slamming against his chest, he pulled her completely against him, rocking her gently. "Shhhh...it will be okay. I...I...oh holy shit. I'm going to be a father." Intense joy spiraled through him, making his heart swell until he swore it was going to explode.

"I'm sorry," she wailed against his shoulder.

"Please don't be sorry, sweetheart. It isn't your fault. Are you ready to be a mother?" He tripped over the last word, still incredulous that Kara was carrying their child; a baby conceived with so much love that he was ready to burst with pride.

"Yes. I want it so desperately. But I know you don't. You've never wanted to talk about it before except to say you wanted to wait." She sniffed and snuggled against him.

"It isn't that I don't want our child. I just can't f**king stand the thought of you being in that much pain, that something might happen to you. It's dangerous. Women can die in childbirth." Hell, he couldn't stand the thought of Kara being in pain for any reason. He hadn't realized that he had actually cut her off, unable to cope with the thought of her going through what she would have to suffer to bear his child. He shuddered, still f**king hating those thoughts.

His emotions warred inside of his body. He wanted Kara to have his child with a longing so painful that it nearly knocked him on his ass. However, the thought of anything happening to her was making him demented, maniacal. Simon wanted to wrap her in his protection, never let her out of his sight for a moment. Maybe he wouldn't. Not for a very long time.

"It's not dangerous, Simon. Women do it every day. Most women say the pain is soon forgotten once they have their child in their arms." Her voice was breathless, hopeful. "You don't mind?"

"I mind, but not in the way that you're concerned about." It bothered him because he couldn't stop thinking about Kara hurting. And he was going to triple her damn security, whether she liked it or not. His woman was pregnant, which made her even more vulnerable. "I want a girl." A beautiful, sweet replica of her mother. "We need to move. Buy a place outside of downtown where she can have a yard. Maybe a dog. Oh hell, whatever makes her happy. And we need to be in a good area with good schools. She'll be beautiful just like you, so no dating until she's at least thirty." He scowled as he thought about some bastard laying a hand on his daughter.

His heart lifted as Kara laughed, pulling back to smile at him. "I want a boy. A sweet little boy like his daddy."

"Girl."

"Boy."

"Girl," he growled.

Kara sighed. "Healthy. I'll be happy if our baby is just healthy and happy. I don't really care. He or she will be dearly loved."

Simon felt his eyes moisten, his happiness almost too much to bear, even though he was f**king losing it about Kara's safety. "Me too, baby. I'd love to have either one. I just hope the baby looks like you. I'll love our child so much and give the baby everything I never had." A stable, happy childhood, security, love. "Are you feeling, okay? You said you were emotional. Are you sick? We should see the doctor. What else do we need to do? What do you need? Tell me and I'll get it for you." He sounded anxious, desperate. His gut clenched, his protective instincts gnawing at his insides. Kara was pregnant. Simon needed to research the condition immediately, find out what Kara needed to do to stay healthy. Didn't women need things when they were pregnant, special things? Oh hell, he didn't know a damn thing about pregnant women, but he needed to change that situation immediately. How could he safeguard Kara when he didn't have a clue what to do to protect her?

"I need your hot body and some ice cream," she answered in a sultry voice. "But first I need a shower."

"Me? You need me? Should we be doing that?" Sex was safe when a woman was pregnant, right? Shit, he really had to look that information up immediately.

"Oh yeah. We should be doing it a lot. I'm horny all the time. Hormones," she whispered as she gently took his earlobe between her teeth and nibbled.

Christ. He had no control when it came to Kara. His c**k throbbed with the need to bury himself inside of her welcoming heat. "We should be careful," he answered, his mind already filled with erotic thoughts, his caveman wanting to take control. My woman. Pregnant. My baby.

Mine. Fucking completely mine.

"I need sex. Lots and lots of sex. Hot, sweaty, crazy sex," Kara told him emphatically. "And I expect you to meet my needs since you knocked me up."

Yeah. He had. He'd planted his seed inside of her and it had taken root. An animalistic, male satisfaction slammed into him. "How crazy exactly?" Simon shifted, his c**k ready to explode inside of his jeans. "What's safe?"

"Any way I want you to f**k me. I'm only at about five weeks pregnant right now. Some women get tired, sick or lose their sex drive during their first trimester, but not me. I want to get laid at least five times a day." Kara rubbed against him sensually with a small, breathy moan. "Don't be afraid to make love to me. It's safe. And I need you. In every way."

At that moment, Simon wanted to meet any needs Kara had, give her whatever she wanted. "I'll take care of you, baby. Always. And you'll tell me how you feel." If she just wanted him to hold her, cherish her, be close to her, he'd do it quite happily. His inner beast might be snarling because of the way Kara was rubbing against him, but Kara's needs would always come first.

"Right now I want a shower. I want to orgasm. And I want ice cream," she answered insistently, moving out of his arms, walking toward the door, her hips swaying sensually.

Shit. How was he supposed to not act like a possessive maniac when he was marrying the sexiest pregnant woman on the planet? "I'm up for that." Literally. His c**k was as hard as granite.

Simon followed in Kara's wake, catching up to her at the bottom of stairs and wrapping his arms around her from behind. Hands stroking her still-flat belly, he whispered, "I love you. Ask me for anything and I'll do it. No questions asked, no negative replies."

She relaxed, letting her body rest against him. "I thought I just did." Laughing, she entwined his fingers with hers, both of them covering her stomach protectively. "I just...need you. I feel needy as hell. I'm not myself right now. Please try not to take anything I do or say personally. It's not you. It's hormones right now. I think they're eating my brain."

"Be needy. Be grouchy. I won't even tell you not to cry." Well...he'd try not to anyway. Shit, Simon hoped she didn't cry a lot. He'd be a wreck by the time the baby was born. "Just don't ask me not to worry, or be protective, or be concerned about your happiness and safety. I can't do that," he growled, his fingers clenching hers.

"You won't be bossy?"

Simon gulped. "No." Okay...maybe not quite so often.

"Or demanding?"

Uh...he could manage to tone it down, couldn't he? "Nope."

"Domineering? Controlling?"

Well, crap. She was hitting him where it hurt. "I'll try," he told her sincerely.

Kara burst out laughing, a full belly laugh that he hadn't heard in over two weeks, a delighted sound that made his heart soar. She laughed so hard she snorted. "I give you twenty-four hours. Those traits are so deeply embedded in your DNA that you'll never make it more than a day." She continued to chortle as she went toward their bedroom, making his mouth go dry as she lifted her scrub top over her head, revealing an abundance of smooth, silky skin.

He chuckled, knowing she was probably right. But it wouldn't keep him from giving it his best. "A week at least," he called after her in an arrogant tone.

Her laughter rang out louder, stronger, drifting through the hallway and echoing back to him, making him grin ever broader. Damn it. She knew him too well.

Shaking his head, he walked to the kitchen to get his woman her ice cream.

Chapter 4

Maddie Reynolds chewed on her thumbnail, a look of total concentration on her face, as she flipped the pages of a medical file on one of her five-year-old patients at the clinic. It was seven p.m., way past time for her to get home and try to get some rest, but something about the case was nagging at her. She had to be missing something, something important. Timmy was tired, listless, having occasional vomiting and diarrhea, and it had to be more than a virus. The poor tyke had been that way for weeks.

Sighing, she leaned back in the chair of her office in the clinic, grimacing as she bit a little too hard on her fingernail. She'd need to consult with a pediatrician, run more tests. Sending up a silent prayer that Timmy's mother would show up at her next appointment with her son, Maddie closed the file. The poor kid didn't have an easy life, and his mother wasn't exactly consistent.

"Hello, Madeline."

A husky baritone sounded from the doorway of her office, causing her to leap to her feet, ready to push the alarm button on the side of her desk. The free clinic wasn't in a good neighborhood and poor Kara had already come close to getting shot here.

"I didn't mean to scare you."

A cold chill ran down Maddie's spine, but not from fear. She recognized the voice. Eyes narrowing, she focused on the body and face behind that smooth-as-velvet masculine tone and the man standing right in front of her. "How did you get by Simon's security? And what in the hell are you doing here?"

Sam Hudson shrugged and stepped into the room as though he owned it. Even dressed casually in a pair of jeans and a burgundy cable-knit sweater, the man oozed power and arrogance, carried it on those wide shoulders like an elegant mantle. "They're my security too, Sunshine. They work for Hudson. Do you think they would do anything other than let me by them with a polite good evening?"

Arrogant bastard. Maddie's heart raced and her palms grew sweaty. She wiped them over her denim-clad thighs, wishing she hadn't showered and changed in the tiny shower in the back of clinic before coming into her office. Maybe it would have been easier to face Sam in her professional attire, her hair confined in a conservative knot. Trying to push a flaming corkscrew spiral behind one ear, she stiffened her spine, trying to make herself appear taller than her five-foot-three height. "What do you want, Sam? This is hardly your neighborhood? And I don't think you need the services of a hooker?" Her voice was hard, brittle. Damn it. Why couldn't she act nonchalant? So many years had come and gone since that heart-shattering event with Sam. He was a stranger to her now. Why couldn't she treat him like one?

Moving closer, he answered darkly, "Would you care, Sunshine? Would it matter to you if I f**ked every woman in the city?"

"Ha! Like you haven't already? And stop calling me by that ridiculous pet name." Maddie answered sarcastically, but her heart was racing and her breath caught as Sam moved close enough for her to catch a whiff of his enticing scent of musk and man, a spicy aroma that made her slightly dizzy. His scent hadn't changed, and it was still as tempting as it had been all those years ago.

"Why are you still here? My security alerted me that you were here after dark. You should be home. This neighborhood isn't safe during the day, much less at night," he growled softly.

"Simon's security." Somehow, she couldn't associate the two men, even if they were brothers. Simon was nice and had a heart of gold underneath his gruff exterior. Sam was the devil himself, Satan disguised as a GQ model, with more money and power than any man had the right to have. Especially a man like Samuel Hudson.

"What if some thug got through security, found you here alone and vulnerable?" He moved closer, so close she could feel his warm breath caressing her temple.

God, he was so tall, so broad and muscular. Sam had worked construction when she had known him years ago, hard physical labor that had given him a sculpted, perfect body. Strangely, it hadn't changed one single bit. How in the hell did a man maintain that awesome body sitting behind a desk? Backing away from his intimating presence, her ass bumped against the desk, leaving her no space to move away further.

"A man could take advantage of a woman alone in an empty office," he continued, his voice low, dangerous.

Maddie pushed against Sam's chest, trying to get free of her wedged-in position between him and the desk. "Move. Back off, Hudson, before I'm forced to send your balls into your throat."

His muscular thigh moved over hers, immobilizing the possibility of kneeing him in the groin. "I taught you that move, remember. And never tell your attacker your intensions, Madeline."

She craned her neck and looked at him, his emerald green eyes watching her carefully. Just as it had years ago, his handsome face took her breath away. He'd always reminded her of some ancient blond god, so damn perfect that his body and features should be carved in marble. However, at the moment, he might be as hard as marble, but he was far from cold. Heat emanated from his body in waves, his eyes just as fiery and molten. "Go f**k yourself, Hudson."

Sam's lips turned up, twitching precariously like he was trying not to grin. His hands splayed over her back, pulling her body completely into his as he whispered into her ear, "I'd rather f**k you, Sunshine. Much more satisfying. You're still the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Even more beautiful than you were years ago."

Liar. He's such a damn liar. If I had been so desirable he wouldn't have done what he did. "Let go and get the hell out of my office." The bastard was playing her, and it was intolerable. She wasn't beautiful and she was nothing like the twiggy blonde models that he sported on his arm and took to his bed.

"Kiss me first. Prove to me that there isn't something left unfinished between us," Sam answered, his dark green eyes lit with sparks of fire, his voice hard and demanding.

"The only thing left unfinished is the fact that you never even said you were sorry for what you did. You didn't give a damn. You didn't..."

Maddie never got a chance to finish. Sam's hot, hard mouth smothered her bitter words, never asking, only demanding her response. His large, agile hands moved down her back, grasping her ass and lifting her to a sitting position on the desk, making it easier for him to devour her mouth.

Sam never just kissed, he branded, he claimed. Maddie moaned into his mouth as his tongue entered and retreated, entered and retreated, until she was breathless. Surrendering, her arms wound around his neck, her hands fisting his silken wavy locks of hair, savoring the fall of softness over her fingertips.

Wrapping her legs around his hips, needing to somehow find an anchor to keep her from drifting away in a tidal wave of lust, she allowed her tongue to duel with his, feeling his arousal against her heated core. Her hips surged against his erection with every hard thrust of his tongue.

Sam groaned, his hands delving under her sweatshirt, his fingertips stroking over the bare skin of her back, making her shiver with longing.

Maddie was drowning, lost in a sea of desire and need, slowly being pulled under the surface by a force stronger than her will.

I have to stop. This has to end before I'm completely lost.

Yanking her head back, her mouth disconnected from Sam's, leaving her panting for oxygen and completely shaken. Sam pulled her head forward to rest against his heaving chest.

"Shit. Maddie. Maddie," he choked out, one hand spearing into her curls, stroking her hair reverently.

Oh, God. No. She couldn't be sucked in by Sam Hudson again. Not in any way. She shoved hard against his chest, twisting away and lowering her legs until her feet hit the floor. "Get off me."

Fury built to a raging inferno inside of her. How dare he use her, play with her because he was bored and she was the only available female in the building? Sam Hudson was playboy, a man who took women to his bed and discarded them, finding another plaything soon after he was done with the last one. Did the man have a conscience? Did he care about no one but himself?

Maddie wanted to curl up into a little ball to protect herself, shamed by the way she had responded to Sam even though he was a complete dog. What kind of a person did that make her?

She shrugged away from him, turning to sprint for the door.

"Maddie. Wait." Sam's voice was husky, pleading, demanding.

He grasped her arm, swinging her to face him before she was able to get to the door. Maddie glared at him, her fury and fear battling for dominance. "Don't touch me again. Ever. I'm not the stupid, naive woman you once knew. I trusted you once, and I forgave myself because I was young. I won't do it again. I don't have the excuse of youth to even justify being that stupid."

"You still want me," Sam answered vehemently, his eyes raking over her body, settling on her face.

Looking him straight in the eye, she answered angrily, "No, I don't. My body might respond to a gorgeous man, but it's just physiological, a sexual reaction. You," she poked a hand to his chest as she spat out, "mean absolutely nothing to me anymore."

"You want me to f**k you until you scream. I can still make you purr, Kitten," he told her arrogantly, a satisfied smirk on his face.

She shrugged, trying to force down her violent desire to slap the conceited look from his handsome face. "I wouldn't know. You've never f**ked me. And you never will."

Wrenching her arm from his hold, Maddie vaulted through the office door, scooping her jacket from the hook by the reception desk and bolting through the lobby and out the front door of the clinic. Maddie didn't look back. She couldn't. One of Hudson's security officers escorted her to her car and Maddie drove away like she was a convicted criminal with the law on her tail, wanting nothing more than to get as far away from Sam as she could possibly get.

Maddie drove in a daze, two words playing through her hazy brain like a broken record.

Never again.

Never again.

*****

Sam Hudson walked slowly through the reception area of the clinic, lost in his own thoughts. What the hell had just happened? He'd stopped to see if Maddie was okay, concerned that she was still at the clinic so late, a quick stop to make sure all was okay. Damn. Could he ever see the woman and not want to possess her, make her want him as much as he wanted her.

You've never gotten over her. You probably never will. She's haunted you for years. She got under your skin like a sliver of wood that's always a little bit raw and irritated, never working its way out again.

Stepping outside, Sam closed the outside door behind him. He glanced at one of his security officers. "Can you lock up?"

The man nodded. "Yes sir. Hope your meeting with Dr. Reynolds went okay."

Sam barked a humorless, self-mocking laugh. "Yeah. It was very informative." He lifted a hand to the other guards as he departed, making his way to his vehicle.

Yep. That meeting had gone really well, he thought darkly as stepped into his Bugatti and started the engine.

You never even said you were sorry.

Her words tormented him, would probably always torture him now. "Fuck!" Sam slammed his fist against the steering wheel in frustration. Nope. He hadn't ever said he was sorry. Then again, Maddie had never given him the chance. Still, he should have said it, found a way to apologize. He hadn't had a chance back then, and he had just blown his second chance a few minutes ago.

What was it about Maddie that made him lose his reason?

You're acting like an ass**le because she doesn't really care about you anymore and it's eating you alive. You might be able to have her body if you seduce her...but never her heart. Never again.

Once, years ago, Maddie had looked at him with eyes that sparkled with admiration, adoration. One stupid action, one idiotic incident, and he had washed that look from her beautiful eyes forever.

Leaning his forehead against the steering wheel, he closed his eyes, still able to picture the Maddie who had looked at him with respect and affection even when he hadn't had two pennies to rub together. It was ironic, now that he was one of the wealthiest men in the world, that she eyed him like a bug that needed to squashed, a rodent that needed to be exterminated.

You'll see her again. She'll be forced to talk to you for Simon and Kara's wedding. The wedding was being held in his home, so Maddie wouldn't have a choice. He was the best man and she was the maid of honor. Maddie would have to at least be civil, and Sam knew she would. She was considerate and loyal to anyone she considered a friend. Her own feelings would take a back seat to making sure Kara had a happy wedding, one with no hassles or ugliness.

And no matter how Maddie treats me, no matter how she looks at me, I won't be a dick to her.

Sam sat back in his seat with a heavy sigh and put his car in gear, wondering if that were even possible anymore. Truth was, the years had changed him, made him into a man that he wasn't at all certain he liked anymore.

Find a woman, someone to take your mind off Maddie.

Snapping his seatbelt on as he backed out of the parking space, Sam took a deep breath and ran through a mental list of willing females...until he caught a tantalizing smell, an elusive scent that clung tenaciously to his sweater. Her fragrance. A reminder of what had just occurred in her office.

"Fuck! I can't do it. I can't be with another woman. Not now," he whispered to himself, pissed off that he had kissed her, felt her lush curves against his body. Now, thinking about spending the night in the bed of any other woman but Maddie left him cold.

Sam braked his vehicle at the exit of the parking lot, glancing quickly at his watch, grinning as he turned left instead of right, headed toward Simon's condo.

It was time.

Simon had called him earlier, informing Sam that he was going to be an uncle, and asking for a favor, which was a complete rarity for Simon. Honestly, there was nothing Sam wouldn't do for his little brother. He had failed to protect Simon once, and it wasn't happening ever again. Whatever Simon needed, he'd be there for him.

Thank God Simon had found Kara. Sam adored his brother's fiancee, wanting to kiss the ground she walked on because she loved his little brother unconditionally, made Simon happier than Sam had ever seen him. And Simon deserved that happiness, that kind of devotion from a woman. Unfortunately, watching Simon and Kara together made Sam realize just how empty his own life was, how desolate and superficial his existence had become.

Kissing Maddie, holding her again after all those years, had made things even worse. It was like something was awakening deep inside of him, a sensation that was familiar, yet not. Certainly, it wasn't comfortable.

Forget her. Forget what it felt like to lose yourself in Maddie's softness, her scent, the feel of her lush curves and deliciously eager mouth.

Sam cursed, knowing he'd be sleeping alone tonight, taking himself in hand as he fantasized about Maddie. And this time, those memories would be much more vivid, newer, more real than ever before.

Fuck! He was so completely screwed...and definitely not in a good way.

Chapter 5

"Yes!"

Kara punched her fist in the air, ecstatic that she had finally conquered the first level of Simon's new game. Actually, her new game, the computer game Simon had designed especially for her, named after her. The Adventures Of Kara was awesome, not that she was surprised. Her fiance was a freaking genius, and every game that he designed was unique. It was no wonder that she was completely addicted to anything Simon created.

Running a hand over the computer screen, she sighed. What man would spend countless hours on a game designed especially for her, a game that he never intended to reveal to the world?

Only Simon.

Kara swung the computer chair slightly, glancing at the clock. Oops. She had spent more time than she had intended in the computer lab once she had gotten involved in the game. But it was so incredible, so damn addictive.

The new computer game had been a Valentine gift from Simon, one of many, a present that she would always cherish because Simon had done this himself, probably spent weeks of his nearly nonexistent spare time designing it just to amuse her. Simon had led her up here over an hour ago to surprise her. He had left, grinning broadly, when she had sat down in the computer chair, unable to wait before trying to master one of his creations.

Kara shut the computer down eagerly, ready to find Simon and thank him properly. The diamond on her left hand caught the abundant light in the room, glittering brightly, making her heart contract painfully.

Simon's mine. We're going to be married. Have a child together.

Her sadness and hesitation had dissolved like they had never existed. Kara felt like herself again with Simon. She realized that her irrational fears had to do with the fact that she had suspected she was pregnant and hadn't wanted to acknowledge it, afraid of Simon's reaction to the news. She should have known better. Really, when had the man she loved ever disappointed her? If anything, he was way more protective than he needed to be. But that was Simon, and Kara loved everything about him, even when his high-handed dominance pissed her off.

Kara smirked, thinking about his promise to try not to be so domineering and controlling. He'd been good all afternoon and evening, taking care of her, making love to her gently, as though she would break because she was pregnant. The intimacy and tenderness had been comforting, something she had needed after the turbulent emotions she had experienced the last few weeks. However...she was about to tweak her alpha. Simon's sexual dominance was something she not only enjoyed, but reveled in. He was one half tenderness and the other half complete testosterone. It was time for her caveman to come out and play.

She stood, pulling the red silk robe she was wearing tighter around her body. It was strange that she hadn't seen Simon in over an hour. Usually, he would sit with her, work on one of his games while she played on the usage computer in the lab.

Her bare feet didn't make a sound on the plush carpet as she padded down the stairs, her freshly painted toenails peeking out from under the robe as she went. Looking down at her feet as she took the last step, she decided that maybe she would go for a pedicure again in the future. Her feet were smooth and it had been really relaxing. Maybe she and Maddie could go right before her wedding.

Her wedding. Simon was going to be her husband. Kara Hudson was a name she'd always carry proudly, knowing the sacrifice that both brothers had made to achieve their status.

"Simon?" Kara called to him as she entered the kitchen, perplexed when she didn't find him there. Surely he wasn't asleep. He never went to bed without her.

"In the bedroom. Come here," Simon called hoarsely, demandingly.

A small smile formed on her lips as she moved toward their bedroom. Simon rarely asked, he instructed. Kara complied when she wanted to, and right now she felt compelled to follow his instructions. Curious, she wandered down the hallway. The door to the bedroom was partially closed, swinging open soundlessly as she placed her palm on the wood and pushed gently.

She gasped as her eyes landed on Simon, clad in nothing but her lucky penny on a gold chain and a pair of silk Valentine boxer shorts decorated with hearts and devils, completely bound to the bed. Heart racing, she rushed to the bed. "Simon, what are you doing?"

Kara had been in the restraints herself several times, once because it was the only way that Simon could have sex, and later just because it was erotic and sexy. Considering Simon's history, she couldn't believe what she was seeing. She blinked, and blinked again.

Both of his hands were restrained, but he opened one of his fists, revealing one of the heart-wishes she gave him every holiday, a tiny paper heart, good for one wish, one thing that he wanted from her. The tiny paper fluttered in his hand. "I wish you would believe that I trust you completely."

"No, Simon. No." Kara climbed onto the bed, tearing at the restraints in a frenzy of fear and panic, but the bindings held fast. Frustrated, realizing that she wasn't completely sure how to get them loose, she begged him, "Tell me how to release these." Desperate, she jerked hard on one of the arm restraints, needing to free him, not able to see him helpless. This had to be killing him. Damn him. Was there nothing he wouldn't suffer just to prove himself to her? "You didn't need to do this. I do trust you completely."

"Kara, stop. Now. Before you hurt yourself." His voice was stern, rigid in a way that she had never heard from him before. And it stopped her in her tracks. In a more relaxed tone he added, "I'm not uncomfortable. Well...except for some minor swelling."

Kara slapped a hand over her racing heart and looked at Simon's face for the first time since she had entered the room. He was...smiling. A complete shit-eating grin that made her relax slightly and examine the situation. Holy hotness, the man was sexy as sin. All four of his limbs were bound and there was nothing on the bed except his body and the black silk fitted sheet beneath him. The black boxers were new, one of her many Valentine gifts to him this year, and they molded over his erection perfectly.

His erection? Simon was actually aroused? How was that possible? With his history, the things that had happened to him, how could he do this without emotional pain and distress? Searching Simon's face for any sign of discomfort, she found...none. His eyes were hot, devouring her, without a trace of unease.

"How did you do this? How is it possible to put yourself into these things?" All four of his limbs were bound snugly, judging by the lack of give when she had been yanking on them.

"Sam." Simon answered in a disgruntled voice. "I think the bastard enjoyed making them as tight as possible."

Slapping a hand over her mouth, Kara tried to stop a delighted giggle from escaping her lips...and failed. "Your brother did this?"

"I'm sure I'll never hear the end of it. I wanted to be naked, but he insisted that I cover my family jewels so he wouldn't go blind." Simon answered, unhappy.

Oh God, Kara would have given anything to see that event while it was taking place. She could only imagine Sam tying his brother to a bed, insisting that he cover his privates. Sam didn't know all of Simon's secrets, so he had probably just considered the situation odd, something he could tease his little brother about eternally, rather than finding it alarming. "I can't believe you did this." She plucked the heart from his palm and tore it up, throwing the tiny pieces over her shoulder. "Wish granted. But I already trust you completely, Simon. I told you it was hormones. And I've done some thinking. I realize now how my actions could have seemed like rejection or doubt to you, but it was my issue, not yours."

"I wanted to make sure you trusted me. Now touch me before I go insane," he insisted, his dark eyes demanding.

Kara looked at him, her breath catching as she drank in the sight of him, completely laid out for her pleasure. Simon was like a leashed tiger ready to pounce. Having him bound was heady, erotic. He was all rippling muscle and dark pleasure. And she was dying to touch him, and stroke that golden skin. "You are the sexiest man on the planet." Her voice was husky, aching with desire.

"I think you need your eyes examined. I've always thought so. I have scars, sweetheart. Ugly scars."

Yes. Simon had scars, a testament of his strength and courage. Kara would never find them unappealing or ugly. "Like a dark warrior, the hero of my dreams."

She reached out and ran her palm down his chest, tracing each scar with her finger and bending to lave them with tongue.

"You're crazy," he groaned, straining against the arm restraints.

"You make me that way," she retorted with a laugh, continuing to tongue his chest, nibbling lightly at one nipple, cupping his silk-clad c**k with her other hand.

Having Simon at her mercy was novel, and completely enticing. Coming to her knees, she shrugged out of her robe, nearly forgetting her hidden gift to Simon in her eagerness to touch him.

"Holy shit. What are you wearing?" Simon's voice was tortured, and she smiled at him, a naughty seductive smile.

"Another Valentine gift for you." It was raciest item she had ever worn for Simon, and that was saying something, because he loved sexy lingerie. Simon usually appreciated it briefly before he tore it from her body. The red babydoll dress was nothing but wisps of fabric with spaghetti straps. The top barely covered her ni**les and the tiny strips of fabric surrounding her belly were transparent. The panties were barely-there, leaving her ass exposed and her pu**y only partially covered. "Of course, I had to shave. Completely. These panties don't cover much."

Simon gulped, his eyes hot and wild as they raked her body possessively. "Completely...bare?" He choked out the last word, his voice hoarse. "You weren't earlier."

Tossing the robe on the floor, she turned to him, running a finger over the outline of his engorged cock. "I had to do it when I put it on. Right before you took me upstairs to play my new game. It's wonderful, Simon. I think you should release it."

"For Christ sake, release it. I'm ready to explode," he grumbled, his breath becoming heavy.

"I wasn't talking about your cock, silly. I was referring to the game." She chuckled as she liberated him, watching his length spring free as she lowered the elastic of the boxers.

"Don't give a shit about the game right now," he huffed.

The computer game left Kara's mind completely as she touched him. Her hand wrapped around his silken member as she bent to kiss him, rubbing her sensitive br**sts against his chest. His tongue thrust into her mouth as his hips lifted in response to her firm grip on his rod. Simon kissed her like a man possessed and she answered him with an equal passion, while her hand caressed the part of him that she was dying to have inside of her. But that could wait. Simon had done this for her and she was determined to make it pleasurable for him. Extremely pleasurable. She meant to prod her caveman before she gave into her own urges.

Releasing his mouth, she kneeled beside him, still stroking his velvet cock, taking her time to run her hands over every inch of his body. She might never get this opportunity again and she wanted to touch. "I'm having a craving," she told him in a sultry voice as she released him and slid from the bed.

"Kara. Get back here." His voice was both pleading and insistent.

Kara dashed to the kitchen, returning with a can of whipped cream. Shaking it sensually, she tipped her head back and opened her lips, squirting a stream of sweet cream into her mouth. "Mmmm...delicious." She licked her lips, swallowing the frothy confection. Simon's dark, dangerous look as he watched her, mesmerized, nearly broke her. "There's only one thing that would taste better exploding into my mouth right now. Something I crave." She crawled across the bed, between Simon's bound legs.

"Kara." His voice was a warning, one that she didn't heed.

She dabbed the white fluff onto his ripped abdomen, his thighs, and finally all over his bulging cock.

She lapped at his abdomen first, enjoying the sweet taste of whipped cream, tracing every hard, vigorously contracting muscle.

Simon jerked on his restraints, groaning, "Kara. I'll make you pay for this."

She smiled a she licked his thigh, "I'm counting on it, big guy. And I do mean...big." His c**k was straining, pulsating.

Moving to his other thigh, she nibbled and sucked, leaving a small mark with her teeth as she devoured the sweet treat.

Her pu**y contracted as she moved to his groin. The panties of her outrageous lingerie were already saturated.

She purred softly as her tongue snaked over his groin, licking away the whipped cream softly, thoroughly.

"Fuck. I won't last. Goddamn it, Kara. Free me." Simon's voice was frustrated, and completely aroused.

She looked up at him, met his liquid brown eyes filled with desire, searching for any sign that he was uncomfortable in any other way but passionately. He wasn't. He was completely consumed with erotic pleasure, watching her, his only frustration the fact that he wasn't pleasuring her in return. "I thought you wanted to satisfy all my cravings," she whispered to him softly. "I crave tasting you."

Simon growled, his head dropping back onto the pillow as Kara took his c**k into her mouth, her tongue circling the bulbous head.

"You're going to kill me," he panted heavily as her mouth consumed him completely.

Only with pleasure, big guy.

She took as much of his substantial length as she possibly could, tightening her lips around him, sucking hard, her head bobbing as she devoured him.

His hips rose, thrusting himself into her mouth as she came down for every stroke. Glancing up, she could see his muscles straining, his fists clenching the restraints. In that moment, Simon looked beautiful in his passion, his complete loss of control, his face harsh with ecstasy.

"Fuck. Kara. Sweetheart. Ahhhh...God. Yessss."

He shouted incoherent words continuously as she moved faster, harder. He exploded, his body glistening with sweat, his hot release flowing into her mouth so satisfying that she moaned around his c**k as she swallowed. After licking every drop, she crawled up his body and kissed him, letting him taste himself and a hint of sweet cream in her embrace.

He tasted her mouth, finally ripping his lips from hers. "Bare pu**y. Now." He strained at his bindings, looking desperate to be released.

Yep. It was time to release her caveman. "Help me." She had no clue how to get him free.

Simon gave her clipped instructions and she finally got his hands free. He sat up and deftly removed the restraints on his legs himself.

He was on her in a heartbeat, his sweaty, still-panting self completely out of control. God, how she loved him. Alpha Simon was on the prowl and sexy as hell.

He ripped her lingerie, shredding the top and bottom in a few hard tugs, completely destroying the ensemble. She sighed, admiring his brute strength, the ease with which he could get her naked. The desire to chastise him for shredding her lingerie had left her long ago. He would replace it later. And seeing him go completely insane with passion was well worth it. As usual, he was rough on the garment without hurting her.

"God, you're so f**king beautiful," he breathed heavily as he uncovered her shaven pu**y. "Time for revenge. You want to play, little girl, you have to pay up."

Kara was more than ready for Simon's type of punishment, the type that would leave her breathless, begging and moaning. As his fingers traced her swollen, sensitive ni**les, she moaned. She was so, so ready.

"Please, Simon."

"Please, what? What do you want?" he asked her harshly.

"Fuck me. Please."

"I think not. I'm having a craving of my own. My mouth is watering for some cream. Are you wet for me, sweetheart?"

Wet? Hell...she was beyond wet. "Yes."

She bucked her hips, but she couldn't budge his rock solid body. His moist skin plastered against her, but he was keeping most of his weight from her with his arms. Looking up, she met his wild, intense dark eyes, her body clamoring for his possession. "You're going to come for me while I taste you." His voice was raspy, and he buried his face in her hair, biting gently at her neck, before he licked his way down to her br**sts.

She gasped as he tongued her br**sts, moving from to the other, as though he had all the time in the world to worship each sensitive nipple. Her core clenched as he moved to her belly, stopping to flick his tongue into her bellybutton, laying moist, hot kisses to her stomach.

Finally, right before she was ready to scream with frustration, he spread her thighs. She shivered as he blew a warm breath on her naked pu**y.

"I can already smell your arousal, see how wet you are," he growled, his fingers trailing over the bare flesh.

She thrashed her head, needing desperately to feel his mouth on her. "Please, Simon. I need you."

His finger delved along her saturated folds, slowly meandering deeper. "Like this?" he asked, his tone demanding.

"More," she begged, ready to lose her mind if he didn't make her come immediately.

"Like this?" He circled her clit, his finger gliding through her slick flesh.

"More. Damn it. More." She was losing it, her body begging for him.

"Like this?" His mouth closed over her tender flesh, his tongue lapping, licking her arousal, consuming her.

Oh, God. Yes. Yes. Yes. Her hips lifted, trying to get his tongue deeper, faster. He parted her folds with his thumbs and buried his face in her pu**y with a tortured reverberating sound, devouring her like a starving man, relentlessly flicking her clit as he completely consumed her.

"Yes. Please, Simon. I need to come." She grasped his head, threading her fingers into his hair, moaning as she pulled him against her, rocking her hips as he pleasured her with his scorching hot mouth.

He groaned against her flesh, the vibrations pushing her slowly toward insanity. Her climax engulfed her, consumed her, her body catching fire as Simon laved her over the edge.

Nearly ready to sob with relief, Kara cried his name as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over her body.

After he had wrung every ounce of pleasure from her that he could with his amazing mouth, Simon shed his boxers and crawled up her body. Kara opened her eyes, and saw the man she loved, raw and edgy, just the way she liked him. Just the way she loved him.

Kara's body was sated, but her need to have him join with her was almost unbearable. "Fuck me, Simon. Now." His erection jutted against the still-quivering flesh of her core.

"Mine," he told her roughly. "You'll always be mine."

"Yes. Always."

Simon positioned his hard c**k at the entrance to Kara's begging channel, entering her with one hard thrust, taking her breath away. He filled her, completed her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck, wanting to be as close to him as she could get.

Simon's mouth covered hers, suffusing her entire body with heat, taking her away to a place where only she and Simon existed. His c**k pummeled her, Simon pulling almost completely out before entering her again, and Kara embraced the volatile mating. He was claiming her, and she wanted to be claimed by him.

Yanking his mouth from hers, he panted, "Tell me you're mine. I need you. I love you. You're never f**king leaving me."

"I'll always be yours, Simon. Nothing will tear us apart. I love you." Her gasping admission was barely out of mouth before she felt her orgasm building. Wrapping her legs tighter around Simon's waist, she met his powerful strokes, their sweat-soaked bodies melding together seamlessly.

Kara flew apart, her body trembling and her channel contracting, nails biting into the skin of Simon's back. She cried out his name rocking her fiery body into his, milking his c**k as her orgasm crested and then let her come back to earth slowly.

"Fuck. Kara. Kara." Simon came, his explosive orgasm flooding her womb.

He rolled off her immediately, clutching her against him, pulling her into the protective shelter of his arms.

His chest still heaving, he choked out, "Did I hurt you?"

She shook her head, her body still quivering. "No," she whispered, still short of breath. "You gave me exactly what I needed."

Her need satiated, Kara kissed his forehead before burying her face in his neck, still trying to recover.

Somehow, Simon always seemed to know what she needed. Tonight, on their second Valentine's Day together, he had given her his unbridled passion and his deep unconditional love. Certainly, he hadn't needed to put himself in restraints to prove anything to her. But just the fact that he had been willing, had put himself completely at her mercy, humbled her beyond belief.

Kara sighed, wondering how she had ever been so lucky, how she had ever stumbled across a man like Simon, a man to whom she could surrender everything , a man who would always hold her love, her trust and her soul safely in his care.

"I love you. Happy Valentine's Day," she breathed softly against his neck.

"Happy Valentine's Day, sweetheart. I'll love you forever," Simon murmured against her shoulder, his arms tightening protectively, possessively around her.

Whatever challenges she and Simon might face, they would deal with them together.

"You'll always have me," she told him softly, sleepily.

"I know, baby. I'm the luckiest bastard in the world," he rumbled.

Kara fell asleep with a smile on her lips, and the contentment of knowing that she had found a love that would last forever. For a woman who had once been so alone in the world, it was the best Valentine's gift she could ever receive.

Epilogue

Maddie turned the page of the book on her lap, wondering why she just didn't give up and go to bed. It wasn't like she was really absorbing any of the written words.

"Damn it," she whispered, slamming the book closed and dropping it on the table beside the sofa. Honestly, she didn't want to go to bed. If she did, she would just keep remembering her encounter with Sam, torturing herself with memories of that scorching hot kiss earlier in the evening.

Swiping the remote control from the table, she pushed the button to activate the television, hoping she could drown out her thoughts with the ten o'clock news.

Her doorbell rang just as the news anchor starting recounting the top stories of the day.

Who the hell could it be? She had no real family to speak of and none of her friends would come to her door at this time of night unless it was an emergency. She sprang to her feet and sprinted to the door, her heart racing. Looking through the peephole, she saw a man in uniform, a Hudson security uniform.

"Who is it and what do you want?" she called loudly through the door.

"Special Valentine's Day delivery for Dr. Reynolds." The man called back.

"Leave it and go." There was no way she was opening her door, even if the guy was apparently from Hudson.

"I understand, ma'am. I'll just leave it here on the doorstep." The uniformed man bent over briefly, then straightened again and left.

Maddie opened the door a crack, leaving the security chain in place. She watched the man get into his truck and drive away. Closing the door, she lifted the chain and opened the door, her eyes widening.

On her doorstep was the most incredible bouquet of red roses she had ever seen. There were several dozen, too many for her to count in her stunned condition. Lifting the heavy, sturdy vase that appeared to be crystal, Maddie lugged the roses to her dining room table. Placing them in the middle of the circular oak surface, she plucked the card from the middle of the arrangement.

She sat, her shaky knees barely able to support her legs. The card was small, the outside of the tiny envelope decorated with hearts and a cute little Cupid in the corner. The only thing on the front was her name. She opened it with trembling fingers, yanking the cardboard notecard from its surrounding paper. There, in handwriting she still recognized, were only two words.

I'm Sorry.

There was no signature, no other identifying markings.

Dropping both the envelope and card on the table, Maddie buried her face in her hands and wept.

~The End~

