Chapter 1

Midnight, New Year's Eve, Amesport, Maine, 2014

Hope Sinclair desperately tried to draw her eyes away from the most attractive man she'd ever seen, and failed miserably. She knew him, had known him for most of her childhood, but she wasn't a child anymore, and sweet Jesus!-neither was he.

Dammit. I have to stop staring at him. I'll look in another direction in just a minute. I will. I will stop drooling over him.

Still, her eyes stayed riveted on Jason Sutherland, unable to pull her gaze away from the most breathtaking man on the planet. Hope tried to be subtle by taking a sip of champagne while she stared, but she was fairly certain her lust was pretty obvious. He was enthralling when he sported a pair of ripped jeans and t-shirt. In a tux at a New Year's Eve party, he was overwhelmingly beautiful, heart-stopping-in a very male, unconsciously seductive kind of way. It wasn't just his gorgeous face and ripped body that made women stare; it was the entire package. Every action, every word that came out of his mouth exuded confidence, a bold masculinity that no woman could seem to resist. His expression was predatory and cautious as he conversed with another man at the party, no sign of the sweet, genuine smile she knew he was capable of flashing. Obviously, he wasn't talking to someone he knew; it was probably someone who wanted something from him, like most people generally did.

Her breath caught as she watched him nod his head abruptly at the man and stroll over to her brother, Dante. His expression morphed, changed into the charming man that she knew Jason could be. He slapped Dante on the back and gave her brother a genuine smile; his eyes warmed as he appeared to joke around with Dante.

The many faces of Jason Sutherland.

She sighed, and finally ripped her gaze away from Jason, wondering how many people actually knew the man beneath the billionaire exterior. Hope hadn't seen Jason often in the last several years, but he couldn't have changed that much.

Hope had decided long ago that she adored Jason. She had wanted to marry him at the tender age of seven, and her feelings hadn't changed much over the last nineteen years-except for maybe the wanting to get married part. Oh yeah, and the lust part which had popped up suddenly when she'd seen him at eighteen. Now, at the age of twenty-six, she still thought he was the most devastatingly handsome, dangerous man she'd ever seen.

Granted, Jason wasn't slaying her dragons for her anymore. He wasn't stopping the bullies who'd picked on her in grade school because her hair was just a little too red, her freckles a little too noticeable, and she was just a little too awkward to fit into the popular crowd of kids at school. Back then, Jason had been larger than life to her: her older, wiser twelve-year-old superhero who came to her rescue any time she needed him. And one of the things she had adored most about Jason? He had never, ever told her older brothers about any of those humiliating experiences. The guy could definitely keep a secret. As close as he'd been to her brothers back then, Jason never divulged any information to Grady, Dante, Jared, or Evan if she'd asked him not to tell. If Jason had let her brothers know what had happened at the snobby, private grade school she'd been forced to attend at the time, her brothers would have gotten involved, and they would have ended up in trouble. Adding more strife to her brothers' lives back then would have just given her alcoholic, abusive father more reason to create chaos-not that her constantly angry parent had ever really needed a reason. Still, Hope hadn't wanted to rock a boat that was already sinking. Life in the Sinclair household had been plenty miserable without adding any of her childhood problems to the drama.

Then, when she'd turned twelve, everything had changed. Jason had gone off to college later that year, and she'd been devastated. But like any twelve-year-old girl, she'd eventually gotten over the loss of her idol, seeing Jason only during his brief visits back to Boston. During her teen years, he'd become more of a friend or acquaintance who she saw occasionally, someone who existed only on the fringes of her teenage years. At least...he had, until she'd seen him again at her high school graduation, a day when all thoughts about her childhood icon and casual friend shifted and completely altered the way she felt about Jason forever. He wasn't a god or a buddy anymore after that day. Nope...her hero-worship had turned into something far more dangerous when Hope had turned eighteen:

Lust!

Mortified at her body's reaction to seeing him, she'd managed to hide her attraction to him over the years. It hadn't been that difficult. She rarely saw him, and usually avoided any event that she thought he might attend. She wasn't always successful, and there were some meetings she couldn't avoid, but she'd always had a boyfriend, and showing her carnal thoughts about Jason had been an impossibility.

He lived in New York, and although she traveled for her crazy lifestyle, New York City was never one of her destinations, so casual encounters didn't happen because of geography. It was a long way from her home in Colorado to New York City. More often than not, she ended up in the middle of nowhere to pursue her career, definitely not places where Jason would be on business.

Hope was yanked from her thoughts as the volume of the party grew to a roar.

Five!

Four!

Three!

Two!

One!

The clock struck twelve and the large hall exploded with noise.

Happy New Year!

Hope smiled as she lifted the glass of champagne to her mouth and took a long, slow sip. Grady, her brother, gave his bride-to-be, Emily, one of the most passionate kisses Hope had ever witnessed.

I'm glad I came. It's so nice to see Grady so happy.

Hope had hesitated over leaving Colorado and coming to Amesport for Grady's engagement and New Year's Eve party, even though she owned a second, larger home here. It was a busy time of year for her, she was in a bad state of mind, and all Grady had to do was mention that Jason might be coming, and she'd balked. However, she'd wanted to see all of her brothers, and Grady had been the first brother to fall in love and get engaged. Now, she was grateful she'd taken the time off to come to Amesport. Her brothers were more important than some ridiculously embarrassing attraction she had for Jason. It wasn't as if she and Jason were enemies. In fact, they were virtually strangers now, though they'd once been friends.

At important times like these, no matter how busy the Sinclair siblings might be, they were all united. Hope had needed to be here. She hated how separated she felt from her siblings because of the way she lived her life; that yawning distance hurt. Being able to witness Grady's happiness was worth every uncomfortable moment of being in the same room as Jason.

Seeing Grady like this is so worth it.

Grady's new fiancee was lovely, and Hope flushed with embarrassment as she thought about the problems she'd caused between the newly engaged couple. Her brother Jared was a manwhore sometimes and sent unwanted females in Grady's direction. Hope had rescued Grady several times by calling his house and pretending to be his wife; she'd been bitchy enough to scare every one of them away. Unfortunately, when Emily had answered Grady's phone, Hope had mistakenly assumed that Jared had sent another woman in poor Grady's direction, and she'd played the same part. Problem was, Grady had wanted Emily. Oops! Luckily, Emily had forgiven her, but Hope was still mortified.

One by one, her brothers came over and bussed her on the cheek, and she hugged every one of them tightly while she returned their embraces. Even though they all drove her completely insane with their highhanded older brother attitudes, she loved Evan, Grady, Dante, and Jared with every fiber of her being. If only they weren't such royal pains in the asses sometimes. Being the only female in the Sinclair family, and the youngest, Hope was completely screwed when it came to protective older brothers. They had constantly bitched about her now ex-boyfriend, James, because he didn't have a job. To them, anyone less than a successful, wealthy man who worked like a fiend, was a loser unworthy of her.

They'd forget all about James if they knew what else I was doing. I'd get more than constant lectures.

Her heart ached that she couldn't and wouldn't share much of her life with her protective older brothers. It had put a certain distance between them that she'd never wanted, but had created by not sharing much of her life with any of them. It wasn't that she didn't want to. She ached to really have them be part of her life. But the price of telling them everything would be way too high.

Hope sighed and took a long swig of her champagne as she thought about her lonely existence. Somehow, her life had turned out way different than she'd imagined when she graduated from high school and had finally gotten free of the home that had been a prison to her.

If I'd only known back then how things would turn out, I might have done things differently.

Now, she wasn't a prisoner of her critical mother anymore; she was held captive by her own deceit.

Merriment was rampant all around her, everyone ringing in a brand new year. She had a jovial smile on her face, but Hope had never felt more alone.

*****

"Thank God Hope finally dumped the loser boyfriend." Dante needed to yell to be heard over the loud roar of the partygoers as they celebrated New Year's.

Jason Sutherland's head jerked up. His body tensed. "Hope broke up with her boyfriend?"

Dante nodded. "Right before she left Colorado. Asshole. Who breaks up with a woman at the holidays?"

Jason's fists clenched in reaction. "Did he dump her?"

Dante shrugged. "She didn't say much. I don't think she wants to talk about it. I'm just glad he's finally out of her life."

Dante's attention was taken by his brothers, and Jason turned his back on them. His eyes sought and fought Hope as she stood alone by the bar and sipped a glass of champagne.

Jesus, she's beautiful.

His chest ached, which wasn't unusual when he saw Hope. It had been that way for him since the day he'd seen her at her high school graduation.

I should have stolen her away then.

Every event where he'd seen her after that day had been f**king torture, and this party was no different. He'd finally had to turn around just to keep himself from going to her, stripping her naked and making her his right here and now.

Hope Sinclair was his private obsession, a woman who could change him from a rational thinker to a possessive, compulsive maniac with just one look. She wasn't trying to be provocative. She didn't need to. Hope was provocation personified to him, just by standing where he could see her.

And for the first time since he'd seen her at her high school graduation, she was available.

Fuck. That made her totally irresistible.

Jason's heart squeezed as he watched her: smiling, yet solitary, just like him. He wondered whether she felt as alone, restless, and edgy as he felt right now.

His eyes roamed over her, from her swept-up auburn hair, to her generously curved body, and finally to those sexy stiletto heels that made him have delusions of f**king her as those heels dug into his ass, her calling out his name as she tipped over the edge of a powerful climax.

Shit! I can't do this anymore.

His fully erect dick jerked with impatience and pushed powerfully at the zipper of his tuxedo pants. Luckily, he wore a jacket so the whole room couldn't see his secret sexual fixation on a woman who should be taboo for him.

She's Grady's little sister.

Jason had been friends with the Sinclairs for as long as he could remember; he'd grown up close to them in a very exclusive neighborhood in Boston. Grady and Dante were very good friends of his, but that alone hadn't kept his dick in his pants when it came to Hope, although it had been a deterrent. The biggest obstacle had always been her boyfriend. Jason didn't share, and if he had Hope Sinclair, he'd never be able to tolerate thoughts of another man in her head while he was f**king her. Besides, he knew Hope well enough to know that she wasn't going to screw him while she was still involved with another guy. Jason had suffered in silence, his deep-seated need for her kept in check-just barely-every time they met.

She's available. No more boyfriend.

He almost literally felt the stopper on his desire pop free, leaving his body burning to bury himself inside Hope and claim her like a rabid caveman. His eyes narrowed as he watched her intently. It was beyond time for him to make his move.

Mine.

Determinedly, he set his drink on a table and made his way over to Hope, single-mindedly driven to claim her before he completely lost his mind.

*****

"Happy New Year, Hope." The velvety, rich baritone was so close that Hope could feel the hair at her temple flutter as heated breath hit her cheek. Her body shuddered with an involuntary response as large, warm hands landed on her shoulders firmly and turned her around to face the voice.

Yes, she'd watched Jason all evening, her eyes glued to his tall, muscular body, immaculately dressed in a black tuxedo that he wore as casually as he would a pair of jeans. But being this close to him was unnerving for her. Jason Sutherland was more than comfortable in his own skin, no matter what he wore. It was something that had always attracted her to him at any age. However, up close and personal, and with Hope way beyond the age of hero-worship, he made her pretty damn edgy.

He was too perceptive, too discerning, and his penetrating azure eyes always seemed to be able to look clear down to her soul. It was uncomfortable for her and made her uneasy around him for most of her adult life.

"Happy New Year, Jason," she murmured and smiled at him politely.

Oh God, he smells good.

Hope felt the heat pulsating between her thighs just from inhaling his musky, woodsy scent, the essence of male pheromones that could make a woman drunk just from breathing him in. It was all she could do not to close her eyes and let herself drown in his f**k-me-now, deep voice and masculine smell.

She tilted her head back, and she was captivated by his liquid blue eyes. The color reminded her of the sky on a perfect summer day. At a fairly average height of five foot five, and adding on another three inches for the torturous heels she wore, Jason still towered over her and made her feel overwhelmed when he was this close to her. Defensively, she took a step back; his hands fell off her shoulders.

Jason registered a quick look of disappointment before it was gone, replaced by a mischievous grin, a smile that nearly melted Hope's panties from her body.

"I want my New Year's kiss," he said, his voice nonchalant, though his eyes smoldered.

No. Not happening, big guy. If I get that close to you again, I'll get lost in your scent, drown in those baby blues.

Hope knew if she let him too close to her, the carefully built facade that she'd worked so hard to perfect over the years would crumble. But she knew she couldn't refuse completely. She had no reason not to kiss him. He was, after all, a family friend. Carefully, she took a tiny step forward and presented her cheek to him.

Jason closed the distance between them and took her champagne glass from her hand. He set it on a nearby table. "That's not exactly what I had in mind, beautiful." Taking her hand, he didn't say another word as he led her to the balcony doors on the other side of the room, and spirited her outside.

Perplexed, Hope halted as he closed the door. They were alone on the patio. And it was damn cold out here! She was dressed in a fairly conservative black cocktail dress with long sleeves, but the hem flirted with her knees, and the cold air rushed up her skirt to chill her entire body. She rubbed her arms and shivered. She was rapidly turning into a block of ice. "What are you doing? Are you crazy? It's freezing out here." She ground her teeth from the cold.

Immediately, he divested himself of his tuxedo jacket and wrapped it around her upper body, using the lapels to draw her closer. "I needed privacy, and I'll be more than happy to warm you up," he answered, his voice husky and mysteriously urgent.

Hope luxuriated in the jacket, still warm from his body heat.

Dammit, it smells like him.

"Why did we need to be out here?" she asked, confused. "You could have just-"

He brought her whole body, jacket and all, against his warm, solid form, and cut off any protests she was going to make when his mouth covered hers. Hope's toes curled in her painful, three-inch heels as Jason took possession of her lips and speared a hand into her shoulder-length auburn hair. The clips that had held it off her shoulders flew into the air as he devoured her. She gasped in surprise, which gave Jason the opportunity to deepen the kiss, tilt her head and explore the recesses of her mouth with his tongue so thoroughly that it took her breath away. Her damn treacherous body took over and responded as if her life depended on it; her arms wrapped around Jason's neck and she surrendered to his embrace. He commanded, and she complied, letting him ravage every one of her senses as she responded to his dominant exploration, and reveled in it.

This is what she'd wanted, what she'd needed from Jason since her high school graduation, the day she'd finally admitted to herself that she was hot for him. He'd never made a move on her, never treated her as anything other than a friend, but she'd wanted... this. She'd felt the sexual tension between them since the day she'd seen him at her high school graduation party. Not sure if the longing was just coming from her or both of them, she'd avoided any kind of close contact or intimate conversation with him ever since she realized she wanted him. Now, she knew the attraction was mutual. The proof was hard and firm against her lower abdomen. She wasn't sure whether she wanted to celebrate or run for the hills. The sensations she experienced from his carnal embrace were new to her, as exhilarating as they were frightening.

In the end, Hope's traitorous body made the decision all by itself. Her female hormones did a victory cheer as she let her fingers slide into the coarse texture of his hair and yanked his mouth harder against her own.

Closer. I need to be closer to him. I need this. I need him.

She let her tongue duel with his, gave herself up to the moment. Jason was taboo, her secret fantasy come to life, and she let herself wallow in the passion of the desperate touch of his lips as he conquered her mouth. He brought her body to life for the first time in a very long time, and with far more intensity than she'd ever experienced. With Jason, there was no slow burn from his passionate kiss; she felt incinerated, overpowered by his masculinity, the heat between them completely consuming.

Finally, he pulled his mouth from hers. Both of them panted from the out-of-control encounter.

"That's why I needed privacy," he told her hungrily. His face was buried in her hair and she quivered from the heat of his breath on her neck. "Watching you from across the room was killing me."

Coming back to reality, Hope tried to pull away from him. "Jason, I-"

"Don't," he growled. His arms tightened around her. "Don't tell me that you didn't want that and a whole lot more as much as I do."

She couldn't tell him that, because it would have been a lie. There had been enough lies in her life. She hadn't expected her body to respond to desire like this, but she had a volatile reaction to Jason. "I did want it. If I didn't, you'd be screaming in pain right now from me nailing you in the balls with my knee."

And God help me, I do want more. But I can't. I can't do this.

She would never give herself over completely to physical desire, and she knew instinctively that with Jason, it would most likely be all or nothing. He was never tepid in anything he did, and she was fairly certain he'd want everything from her.

A low husky chuckle vibrated against her ear. "I'm happy to know you haven't changed much," he said, amused.

Oh yeah, I have-you'd be surprised how different I am. "You don't know me anymore." She pulled back slowly, to wean herself off the incredible feel of his body against hers.

He grasped her by the shoulders, and wrapped her more tightly in his jacket. "Maybe I don't," he conceded. "But I want to catch up. I want you. Spend time with me tonight, Hope. Let's go on an adventure together like we did when we were kids."

That comment hit like a bolt of lightning to her heart. Her little adventures with Jason had been the highlights of her childhood. Granted, most of their so-called adventures ended up in the local candy store because Jason was addicted to chocolate, or the ice cream shop because she'd begged him to take her, but Jason had always made those simple excursions seem like crazy expeditions. Looking back, he'd been a very good sport about playing a sea captain or an explorer when he was already in high school, just for her amusement. "I'm not ten years old anymore," she muttered unhappily.

"Believe me, I'm well aware of that fact," Jason replied darkly, enigmatically.

Hope put her hands on his muscular biceps. She looked up at him and searched his expression, able to decipher very little in the dim lights of the patio, except for the hint of desire that lingered in his eyes. "Why? You have women falling at your feet on a daily basis. Why me? Why now? You could pick the most gorgeous woman in the room back there if you want to kill some time." Jason Sutherland was a billionaire investor, and at the age of thirty-one, he was one of the most sought-after bachelors in the world. Even if she was an old family friend, why did he want to spend any time with her? Although Hope owned a home here in Amesport, Maine, she didn't live here, and Jason had flown in just to attend Grady's engagement and New Year's party. Both of them would leave in the morning. Maybe he was just restless and bored. Still, there were plenty of attractive women inside for him to pick from if he just wanted a one-nighter. She couldn't give him what he wanted, and she wanted more from him than she was capable of accepting. Jason made her crave him like a highly addictive drug, but she knew she was unable to absorb him like she wanted to do.

Jason shrugged. "I did pick the most attractive woman at the party, and I don't need to kill time. I just don't feel like pretending tonight, Hope."

The profound sense of loneliness in his voice echoed in her soul. Hope wasn't even going to act as if she didn't know what he meant. She knew. Jason was surrounded by people, lived in the world of the mega rich, but Hope knew from experience that it was difficult to know what people's motives were when they claimed to be a friend, or when they claimed to care. Most of the world they'd both grown up in was superficial at best, which was why she avoided the media and chose to live outside of that sphere as an adult. However, Jason didn't have a choice. He was a little young to retire, and it wasn't part of his personality anyway. He was driven, and always had been.

Hope lifted her hand to his face and stroked over his rugged jawline. She loved the feel of the stubble beneath her fingers. "You have more to offer than money," she told him softly, honestly. Beneath his brutal, businesslike exterior, Jason had the heart of a man who had done just about anything to cheer up a grade school geek who had been bullied during her childhood years. He'd even been willing to make a fool of himself when he was supposed to be a cool high school kid. That heart still beat in this man's chest. He'd just learned to cover it well with social ennui and the "kill or be killed" survival instinct in business, just like her brothers had.

"And what else do I have to offer?" Jason asked gruffly. He wrapped one strong, muscular arm around her waist again while he traced her lips absently with his index finger.

You mean something other than the fact that you have a good heart and the body and face of a god? Um...you mean other than the fact that you're hot enough to melt almost any woman's panties right off her body? Oh yeah, and did I forget to mention that you're also freaking brilliant?

Jason wasn't just attractive; he was every woman's secret fantasy. She'd never seen him naked, but she had no doubt he was breathtaking. It wasn't difficult to see that he was ripped, even with his clothes on, and his broad shoulders and over six foot height made him appear dangerous and formidable. His golden hair was several different shades of sexy blond, and it was cut in a style that made him look constantly mussed up. It was amazing that he could make that style so damn sexy and sophisticated, even in a tux. Okay... especially in a tux. On Jason, the cut was polished and urbane, even if it was a "messy hair" look that made every woman- especially her-want to rip off his clothes and take him to bed just to make him look even more disheveled because he could rock that particular look so damn well.

"You have a good heart, Jason," she finally answered, distracted by the sensual feel of his finger on her lips and the look of hunger in his eyes. She thought it was best to leave out the hotness factor for now.

He threw his head back and roared with laughter.

"What? You do," Hope answered firmly, getting annoyed.

He sobered slightly and shot her a wicked smile. "I'm an ass**le, Hope."

She couldn't dispute that. Anyone who was as rich as Jason had a part of them that was ruthless. "Just on the surface," she mused quietly. Her hand fell from his face and to his shoulder.

He fiddled with a lock of her hair, his expression pensive. "You'd be surprised how deeply the ass**le part of me goes." He let out a masculine sigh. "My sweet Hope, rescuer of all creatures in need, do you want to try to rehabilitate me?" he asked woefully.

Jason didn't need to change. He just needed someone who understood him. She cringed at his description of her, but sometimes she was a sucker for any animal or human in need. Almost always, that particular characteristic actually ate at her soul because of the path she'd chosen to take with her life. "I still have Daisy," she confessed. Jason had brought her the mostly white kitten with a few tan spots when she'd seen him at her high school graduation. Daisy had been pathetic and starving, abandoned on the side of the road. Jason had brought her to Hope, and she'd never had the heart to get rid of Daisy. It had been love at first sight for her and her faithful companion.

"I thought you were going to fatten her up and find her a home," Jason remarked knowingly.

"I couldn't." Not that Hope had tried very hard to get rid of the kitten. In fact, she'd never tried at all. It had only taken her five minutes to fall in love with the adorable baby feline. "She's deaf. Nobody wanted her," she added defensively as Jason gave her a skeptical look. Her blue-eyed cat couldn't hear, but it didn't slow Daisy down. The kitten had probably been deaf since birth, and didn't seem to miss something she'd never even had. However, Hope could never let her out of the house because of the danger of the cat being outside without being able to hear any imminent danger, a fact that didn't seem to faze Daisy at all.

"I'm sorry," Jason said remorsefully. "I never meant to saddle you with a deaf cat."

"Don't," Hope said hastily. "I love her. She's good company." It wasn't easy for Hope to have an animal with her travel schedule, but she managed with the help of her next-door neighbor when she couldn't take Daisy with her.

"Better company than your ex-boyfriend?" Jason asked in a disgruntled tone.

Oh yeah...him.

"Definitely," she countered adamantly. Jason ran his finger sensually down her cheek and she shivered.

"You're cold." Jason took her frigid hand and led her to the door back to the party. "Let's get out of here. Come away with me," he said persuasively as they reached the door.

Come away with me.

I just don't feel like pretending tonight.

Hope looked up at Jason, searched his eyes, tried to figure out his urgency. His expression was cocksure, his jaw still hard-set, but there was a look of persuasion in his eyes that she couldn't ignore.

I can't. No, no, no. Not with Jason. I can't let that slightly pleading light in his eyes get to me.

In the end, it was her own heart that betrayed her. "Okay. I'll meet you out front. But I'm not sleeping with you, so if you just want to get laid, don't show up." Something troubled Jason, and she wanted to know exactly what was going on with him. Besides, she wanted to be with him. They were both leaving tomorrow, and it would probably be a long time before they ran into each other again. Even though being alone with him was dangerous, it was also such a compelling temptation that she couldn't resist. Beyond the lust, she'd missed him.

I only have tonight.

"That's not all I want," Jason answered ominously as he opened the door for her.

Apprehension ran down her spine like a cold finger as she noted the deep timbre of his voice and the fact that he didn't deny that he wanted to sleep with her. She handed his jacket back to him. "So you won't try to seduce me?"

"I most likely will at some point because I won't be able to stop myself, but you can always say no," he told her gravely.

That was the crux. I'll have a hell of a time saying no.

She straightened her shoulders, and gave him a disapproving look. "I have no problem saying no," she lied as she skirted the room to avoid the crowd.

"Hope?" Jason caught her arm gently from behind.

"Yes?"

"It will still be a good night, even if you do say no. I just want us to spend some time together." His voice vibrated with intensity.

Damn. Damn. Damn. I'm sunk.

He'd sealed her fate with those words. Just that statement tore through her defenses like no other words could. Jason actually wanted her company, too, and it touched her. She could sense his loneliness, and she wanted to assuage it by letting him know she just wanted to be with him.

Without another word, Hope turned on her heel and went to say goodbye to her four brothers and Emily before she grabbed her jacket and exited the Youth Center where the party was being held.

By the time she arrived outside, Jason already waited for her. As she took his outstretched hand and felt the zing of electricity spark between them, she hoped to God she wasn't going to regret this night.

Chapter 2

I'm never going to live through this night.

Jason Sutherland had to swallow a groan as he watched Hope sit in front of the fireplace in her house and moan as she took her first bite of the s'more he'd created for her. He watched her eat the graham cracker, melted chocolate, and toasted marshmallow concoction: her eyes closed, and her tongue darted out to catch the drops of chocolate and marshmallow that stuck to her lips. Never had chocolate seemed so erotic.

Fuck. I want her.

Jason's possessive instincts nailed him in the gut, and he could barely contain the gnawing desire to have her closer, lick those delectable lips himself. He'd be at the task long after the damn chocolate and marshmallow were gone.

I shouldn't have come to Maine tonight. I knew she'd probably be here.

Yep. He had known, and if he were honest, he'd admit that her being here was part of the allure that had brought him to Maine. Sure, he wanted to see the Sinclair brothers, especially Grady because he wanted to meet the woman who had captured his reclusive friend's heart. But he'd be lying to himself if he didn't admit that knowing Hope was going to be here was both a deterrent...and a temptation. The appeal of seeing her again had won, the victory against his willpower coming pretty damn easily.

Disgusted with himself, Jason had tried to forget the tortured lust that had hit him when he'd seen the eighteen-year-old Hope. Christ. She'd just graduated from high school, and although he had only been twenty-three then, it had still seemed...wrong. Hope was Grady's baby sister, and Jason was friends with the entire Sinclair clan. Hope had been a sad, shy little girl, an adorable redheaded, freckled child with a big heart who Jason had always wanted to coax into smiling. He'd adored her like the sister he'd never had, and had protected her like any big brother would. Even so, everything had changed when he'd stopped by her high school graduation party. The sight of her threw him off balance and confused their whole relationship. He'd wanted to claim her then; now, eight years later, the desire was a damn obsession. Unfortunately, his dick hadn't forgotten Hope either. He hadn't felt that kind of all-consuming carnal lust since he'd seen her at eighteen, but his c**k had immediately come to attention once again with the same fervent adoration the minute he'd spotted her across the room tonight.

Over the years, he'd cringed every time he heard from Grady that Hope was seeing someone. Jealousy nearly ate him alive every time he saw her, knowing another man was touching her. But he'd coped with it by working and f**king other women; he hoped that eventually that niggling fear that she'd end up permanently taken by another man would pass.

It hadn't. His craze to possess her had just gotten stronger, deeper.

And now he was in Hell.

If this mania had been for any other woman except Hope, he would have seduced the female a long time ago, tried to f**k her out of his system. Problem was, it was Hope, and he'd known her almost as long as he could remember. So he was utterly and irrevocably screwed at the moment. Not only did he want to f**k her worse than he wanted to breathe, but he actually liked her. Hope was one of the sweetest females he'd ever known, and her big heart was genuine.

She wants me, too.

Her body had responded to him, and that made him even crazier. That the sexual chemistry burned hot both ways made it almost impossible for him not to touch her.

"Thanks for taking me to the fireworks."

Hope's voice interrupted Jason's lustful thoughts. After they'd left Grady's party, they'd driven down to the beach and had watched the fireworks from his rental car. They held hands like teenagers because he couldn't seem to completely let go of her now that she was here...and unencumbered. Admittedly, Jason had watched Hope more than he'd watched the sky lighting up with brilliant color, but her face had been so expressive that he couldn't help himself. "I'm glad you enjoyed it," he finally replied huskily.

"Didn't you?" Hope asked curiously. She finished the last of her s'more and licked her fingers. "Aren't you going to make one for yourself? I know you want the chocolate. That was delicious."

Fuck! Not the finger licking. Is she trying to kill me?

As he watched that pink tongue stroke over her fingers, he wished that she'd put it to work somewhere on his body, preferably south of his navel.

Jason willed his dirty mind to shut the f**k up. It had been a good night and he didn't want to spoil it. What he'd told her earlier was true. With Hope, he didn't have to pretend to be someone he wasn't. They'd come back here to Hope's house on the Amesport peninsula after the fireworks, after they'd stopped by the all-night market to get the things they needed to make s'mores. They had both changed into jeans and sweatshirts before settling themselves by the fire. "I will," he agreed. "I was just busy watching you. You look like you enjoyed it." Jason had enjoyed it, too, but he now sat on an unrelenting hard-on.

"I did." She nodded her head. "I don't let myself have chocolate very often anymore."

"Why?" He shoved a marshmallow onto the toasting stick and held it over the fire. Not having chocolate every day was unfathomable to him. He craved it almost as much as sex. Well...not nearly as much as he craved sex with Hope, but badly enough to make sure his supply was always stocked.

Hope rolled her eyes at him. "I think I have plump genes. I'm not exactly thin, Jason."

Jason's eyes roamed over her body covetously. She appeared to be in good physical shape, but obviously no amount of exercise seemed to trim down her curvy hips and rounded ass. Thank God! Supermodel thin had never really been attractive to him, and he was glad she'd never lost the appealing softness of those hips and her ass, not to mention those plump br**sts of hers. She was f**king...perfect.

"I think your genes look just fine," he answered hungrily. She was curved in the right places. Her soft, warm body fit against his as if she'd been designed to be there. "You're beautiful."

She gave him a surprised stare, and for just a moment, Jason got lost in her emerald green gaze, her eyes liquid and soft. Her fiery hair framed her beautiful face. Jason wondered whether that was how she'd look when she came for him.

"You're on fire," Hope exclaimed, half amused, half alarmed.

It took Jason a second to realize she meant his marshmallow. He pulled it out of the flames and blew out the fiery blob. "I like them burnt," he lied shamelessly as he smashed the blackened marshmallow between the chocolate and graham cracker. Just the melted chocolate made it worth eating the burnt marshmallow.

She wrinkled her nose at him as she watched him eat the gooey mess. "How is it that Dante hasn't come looking for you? Aren't you staying with him?"

"I never asked him. He probably assumes I'm staying with Grady. And Grady probably assumes I'm staying with Dante. I'm hoping they don't talk about it." Every one of the Sinclair siblings had a home here on the peninsula, although Grady was the only one who lived here full-time.

"You can stay here with me. It's not like I don't have the space," Hope told him earnestly.

Jason had his private jet parked at the airport outside of town, his pilot ready to leave whenever Jason was ready. "I'll probably just fly out. The jet's on standby."

"Unlike the rest of you, I had to actually fly a commercial plane like most normal people do," Hope teased. "Evan is taking me back to Colorado, though. And then he's flying on with Dante to California. He has some business there."

Jason swallowed the last of his burnt marshmallow s'more. "Why is it you never wanted me to manage your funds for you?" Hope had never asked, but he would have been happy to invest her fortune like he'd done for Grady and Dante, built her sizable inheritance into billions. It was what he did best-making some money into a lot of money.

"The money never meant that much to me, and you're busy. Money is nice when I need something, and it lets me have my freedom. But I don't really care if it grows or not. I have more than I could ever spent in a lifetime, even if I was extravagant, which I'm not."

"I'm never too busy to take care of you, Hope. What are you doing with the funds?" he asked gruffly.

She explained how she'd stored her fortune once she'd received it and Jason cringed. Not one penny was in solid stocks or investments. Christ. "Money market accounts and bank accounts aren't making you much money, Hope." The investor in him recoiled in horror. "I can't believe Evan didn't step in."

"Nobody needs to step in," Hope replied angrily. "It's my money and I don't care how fast it grows. I told all of my brothers that, and they finally stopped hounding me. I rarely spend any of it. The only things I've purchased since high school are a small condo in Aspen and my vehicles. I went to college, remember? I can actually work."

Shit, she looked fabulously irate. Her green eyes flashed fire at him, and it just made Jason even harder. Hope had always been independent, which was why her loser boyfriend had always been a mystery to him. She was sweet, but she'd never been the type to put up with a lot of crap from a man, even her bossy brothers. "You're not working right now. You need to be generating more income," he argued irritably. "Especially if you're going to keep picking guys who don't have a damn job." Fuck. That rankled. There was nothing that annoyed him more than thinking about any man except him touching Hope.

"I am-" Hope clamped her mouth shut and took a deep breath, not finishing her comment. "I'm doing fine," she finished more calmly. She averted her gaze away from Jason's face.

"Are you really fine, Hope?" he asked fiercely, breaching the short distance between them to grasp her chin and force her to look at him. "Or are you feeling just as damn lost as I feel right now?" Jason knew his control was slipping, but he couldn't bring himself to give a shit. Who watched out for Hope? She'd just split with her boyfriend. Was she heartbroken? Was she happy in Colorado? Why did she stay there if her relationship was finally over?

"I'm doing good," she answered quietly and looked into his eyes this time.

"What about your ex-boyfriend? How can you be okay?"

She shot him a weak smile. "I think it was time. We just weren't right for each other. I'll get over it." She paused. "What's happening with you, Jason? Is something wrong? You seem...troubled."

For some reason, the fact that Hope sounded like a concerned friend made him completely insane. "Nothing's wrong, but I definitely have a problem."

"What?" Hope asked gently.

"You," he growled as he grasped her hand and pressed it against his throbbing erection. "I can't stop wanting you. I've wanted you for what seems like forever. I can get on my goddamn jet and fly back to New York, but distance isn't going to work anymore for me. I'll be thinking about you anyway, getting myself off on fantasies of being so deep inside you that you can't think about anything else but me." He snaked his hand behind her neck and covered her mouth with his before she could say anything else, or deny the heat between them. He came completely unraveled as she straddled his lap, pushed him down to the carpet, and covered his body with hers. She fisted his hair and kissed him as if her life depended on it. Her tongue met his stroke for stroke, as if she had never felt physical desire before and had to have it-now that she'd discovered it.

He grasped her hips and pulled her heated core against his erection, cursing the denim that separated them. Her silky hair caressed his neck and fell like a curtain around them as they exchanged an embrace so desperate and needy that he groaned into her mouth.

Need. To. Be. Inside. Her. Now.

Finally, Hope tore her lips from his. "I think I have the same problem that you do," she murmured breathlessly. She buried her face in his neck and ran her tongue over any bare flesh she could find.

"Jesus," Jason rasped, stunned but euphoric that Hope was actually this raw and out of control. He kept her straddled over his lap while he sat up, grabbed the hem of her sweatshirt and pulled it over her head. With the front clasp of her bra released, he watched as her br**sts sprang free: plump, ripe, and beautiful, the raspberry-colored ni**les already pebbled with desire. "Beautiful."

"Off." Hope yanked at his sweatshirt.

He happily obliged. The garment went over his head quickly. Bare skin met bare skin, and he stroked his hands down her naked back.

I. Need. Her.

Jason lay back and took Hope with him. He flipped her onto her back, her body trapped beneath him; her legs wrapped around his waist. His c**k throbbed as he looked at her face, her hair spread out wildly on the carpet, her eyes dark with passion.

"Jason, I-"

He thought he saw a flash of fear in her eyes as he covered her mouth with his finger to silence her. "Don't speak, Hope. Don't say no unless you really don't want this." He knew she did. She burned just as hotly as he did right now. He eased down and undid the button of her jeans, slid the zipper down and sat up to pull them down her shapely legs. Her panties went with them. "I have to taste you," he rasped, needing to watch her go over the edge.

"How?" she whispered urgently.

Jason hovered above her. Her eyes lit up with anticipation and...confusion? "Christ. Haven't you ever made love in any other way except f**king?" Her boyfriend must have been a jackass. How could he not have wanted to savor Hope?

"No," she admitted softly. "Not really."

"I'll show you." His voice was graveled with desire, desperate to pleasure her now that he knew he was going to be the first man to make her come this way.

Hope's nude body laid out on the cream-colored carpet in the firelight was a sight that Jason knew would be burned into his brain forever. She looked like something straight out of his fantasies. No...she looked even better.

I've never even imagined her quite like this.

Not even as the star of every one of his wet dreams had he pictured her like this. Jason knew exactly what he wanted to do: he wanted to make her come until she was spoiled for any other man. Fuck knew he was completely gone, and he wanted her to be just as desperate only for him as he was solely for her. If he was being avaricious and greedy, he didn't give a shit. He had to feel Hope's hunger for him.

He lowered his head to her breast and sucked her nipple into his mouth as his fingers teased her other breast.

"Jason." Hope moaned and speared her hands through his hair to bring his mouth harder against her breast.

The moment she moaned his name in pleasure, Jason knew he was completely lost in his f**king fantasy, and he had no desire to be found anytime soon. His control was gone, stripped from him by the needy, throaty sound of his name on Hope's lips. Jason tenaciously went after what he wanted, his mind focused on the only woman who could make him lose himself completely.

Chapter 3

Hope knew her body had won the war between her mind and her desire. Her need for Jason was so strong that she couldn't fight it anymore; she didn't even want to engage in emotional combat over it. She simply wanted to devour him whole, which she'd almost done when she'd jumped him. Desperately needing to feel connected to him, wanting to feel more of her burgeoning sensual desires, she'd responded with her instincts, and every part of her wanted this to happen with Jason.

One night. I just want this one night with him.

She hadn't wanted to explain the reason for her inexperience, and luckily, Jason hadn't pushed it. Now, she took what he offered. He made her body come to vibrant life, and all she wanted to do was feel.

Maybe with Jason, it's possible. This is new. I've never wanted a man this way.

She'd watched him as his eyes had devoured her nude body. There was no mistaking the hunger in his gaze, even though her body wasn't perfect, and Hope wanted to be the one to satiate this beautiful man, experience his passion and her own.

He finally lowered his head and a spiral of heat unfurled from her belly as his mouth covered her nipple, and his fingers played over her other breast.

"Jason," she moaned, needing him closer. Her fingers invaded his hair, latched onto his scalp, and brought his mouth harder against her breast. Liquid heat sizzled between her thighs. The attention he gave her br**sts shot straight down to her core.

He bit gently at the tightened peaks of her br**sts, one after the other, and then eased the sting with his tongue, driving her need higher. She shivered as his hand splayed over her abdomen and drifted down to slip a finger between her wet folds. Finally, he teased her clit, traveled around the needy bud in frustrating, sublime circles.

"You're so wet," Jason growled against her breast. His mouth moved down her belly. "I have to taste you."

Hope had never had a man go down on her before, and her pu**y quivered with anticipation. He'd startled her when he'd talked about tasting her. She wasn't totally naive, and it wasn't as if she hadn't heard women talk, but she had just started to understand real carnal need for herself. Apparently, firsthand experience was way different from learning clinically.

This is Jason, the man I've fantasized about since I was eighteen.

But this was better than any fantasy. He was hot, he was hard, and he was here. He parted her thighs with his broad shoulders and flicked his tongue over her lower abdomen lazily.

"Jason, please," she begged. Her hands tightened on his scalp and she tried to push his mouth down to where she really needed it as her body squirmed.

He moved, and the first touch of his tongue on the sensitive flesh between her thighs nearly made Hope go through the ceiling. Jason didn't just taste her; he feasted and groaned into her pu**y as if he consumed a delicious forbidden fruit. Hope's body caught fire, and her back arched off the carpet in ecstasy. "Yes," she hissed as his tongue rolled over her clit, back and forth, and then circled the pulsating nub until she thought she'd go insane. "Oh, God. So good. So good," she whimpered. Her back eased down so she could lift her hips in a plea for relief from the heat that engulfed her, overwhelmed her.

Hope's head thrashed on the carpet; her body quivered as Jason caught her clit between his teeth lightly and increased the speed and pressure of the strokes of his tongue.

"Oh, God. Jason. I can't stand this," she keened as white-hot waves of heat exploded from her belly and pulsated to her core. Her climax hit her hard and rocked her body as she moaned, "Jason, Jason."

Her body went limp, spent, as she panted for air, her body slick with sweat. She released her death grip on his hair and let her hands drop to the side of her head.

Dear God. What Jason had done to her body left her stripped bare and feeling vulnerable. It had been breathtaking, but almost alarming. She had relinquished complete control of her body to him, and he'd pleasured her like it was his only mission in life. His strong-willed intensity had been too powerful to resist.

He crawled up her body. His big, powerful form trapped her beneath him. Jason had a muscular, sculpted body that had made her breath hitch as he'd pulled off his sweatshirt.

Jason kissed her, and she tasted herself on his lips. Her flavor mingled with his, and her core clenched with a need so overwhelming that she moaned into his mouth.

He pulled his mouth away from hers with a strangled groan; he went to his knees between her legs to yank at the buttons of his jeans. Hope watched his muscles flex; his abdomen and chest was exquisitely chiseled, perfectly defined.

"You're beautiful," Hope told him reverently. "I want to touch you." She sat up and eased his hands away from his jeans. "Let me do it." She wanted her hands and lips all over his golden skin.

"I'm not beautiful," he grunted. "And if you touch me, I'll lose control."

Hope wanted to see that. She wanted to see this gorgeous man splinter and come apart like she had just done. Her hands wandered over his biceps and to his chest. She savored the feel of his warm skin over hard muscle beneath her fingertips as she explored his six-pack abs. She buried her face against his chest and inhaled. His scent intoxicated her. Her tongue flicked out; she tasted his skin, laving one of his ni**les as she fumbled with the buttons on his jeans. Regrettably, she had to move back to pop the rest of the buttons. "Stand," she requested huskily, needing to pull the jeans from his body.

Jason got up and Hope went to her knees. She lowered the denim that covered his lower body and took a pair of black briefs along with them. The breath left her lungs in a whoosh of astonishment as his c**k sprang free.

Oh. My.

Jason kicked the pants and briefs off his legs, leaving them in a pile next to his feet.

Hope's eyes widened as she stared directly at his cock, her eyes level with the engorged member that bumped against his lower abdomen.

It's...enormous. It's going to hurt.

She had a moment of panic as she took in the length and girth of him.

It's Jason. Remember, it's Jason.

She lifted her hand and wrapped it around his cock, fascinated by the velvety feel of the skin over a surface that was so hard. The head glistened, and she flicked her tongue out to catch the small drop of moisture that was beaded at the top. He tasted like sin and lust. She wanted more.

"Hope. Don't." Jason's voice was urgent, his words a strangled groan.

He might be trying to warn her off, but Hope could tell he wanted more, too. His hands threaded into her hair as she stroked the tip of his c**k with her tongue.

"Fuck," Jason rasped. "I'll come, Hope."

Like that was a bad thing? He brought me to an incredible climax with his mouth, and I want him to feel the same way.

Emboldened at the anguished sound of his voice, she took him deeper and sucked in as much of his length as she could, before she pulled back again. She'd never given head before either, but she knew how it was done. Her hand wrapped around the root of him, she used her mouth and hand in tandem, getting lost in the scent and taste of him.

Jason fisted her hair and groaned; he controlled her speed, urged her faster. Hope took action from his cues, the way his body and mind reacted.

Hope moved her eyes up to watch his face; it was important for her to see him. Jason looked down at her. His eyes were a swirling sea of carnal desire, covetous and possessive as they stayed riveted on what she did to him. Their eyes locked and held. Hope never slowed her pace as she willed him to come unraveled.

He did, and in glorious abandon. She watched as their eyes broke contact and he threw his head back. The corded muscles in his neck flexed as he let out a groan that could only be described as both agony and ecstasy.

His c**k pulsated in her mouth, and Jason let go of her hair so she could escape his impending orgasm. But that wasn't what she wanted. She wanted to feel it, taste it on her tongue, experience it with him just like he'd experienced her climax with her. His hot release exploded into the back of her throat, and she swallowed, licked at the head and the shaft of his cock. She wanted every drop she could get from Jason.

He dropped to his knees, his chest heaving. Jason looked into her eyes and Hope felt herself drown in a brooding sea of emotion.

"Jesus, woman. You nearly killed me," Jason grumbled, his breathing still laborious.

She lifted her hand to his jaw and stroked over his whiskered cheek. "You look like you lived through it."

"Just barely," he grunted. "I knew that beautiful mouth was dangerous."

She laughed as he took her down to the carpet. His body loomed over hers as he kissed her.

His mouth moved from her lips to her neck, his face buried in her hair. "Hope," he muttered gutturally. His strong hands wrapped around her wrists and restrained them over her head.

She pulled at her wrists, unable to get free of his grip.

This is Jason. Don't panic.

Her heart raced, and the feeling of being under Jason's control aroused her body, but her brain rebelled. Foggy images took over her mind, and she was suddenly in another place:

Her wrists restrained, her body helpless to fight against someone much bigger, stronger.

Invaded, and so much pain: a sharp, excruciating lance between her thighs that burned and burned and burned.

Her own screams echoing through the room, but nobody coming to help her.

Please, let it be over. Let it be over.

Terror consumed her, and Hope felt a scream rise in her throat. Frantically, she jerked at her wrists until Jason finally let go, and she pushed against his shoulders, desperate to get free.

I can't do it, no matter how badly I want Jason. I can't do it.

Jason rose to his knees, took his weight from her body and looked down at her with a puzzled expression. "Are you okay?"

No. I'm not okay. I'm broken. I want you so desperately, but I'm not capable of taking the final step.

Her breath sawed in and out of her lungs, her heart raced frantically, and her body shook with fright. Her mind cleared slowly, and she looked up at the man she wanted so desperately. Jason. He'd given her the most intense pleasure she'd ever known, and she knew she'd pleasured his body, but she couldn't give herself to him completely. She couldn't give herself totally to anyone.

"I'm not ready, Jason," she told him nervously. Disappointment hit her in pummeling waves, and she wrapped her arms around her waist. The emotional agony consumed her.

He pulled her quivering, nude body into his lap. "Too soon after your ex-boyfriend?" He sounded concerned and irritated at the same time.

He wrapped his arms around her and she laid her head on his shoulder. "Yes." The excuse was as good as any, even if it wasn't true. Tears leaked from her eyes, and she closed them, her heart full of pain.

She'd hoped.

She'd wanted.

She'd tried because it was Jason, and she wanted him so damn badly.

So far...she had come so far, so close...

"Hey." He pulled back and took her head between his hands to force her to look at him. "It's okay." Gently, he swiped at her tears. "I can wait."

Don't wait. I'll never be whole again. I thought I would, but obviously I can't. I can never give you what you want. If I can't experience this with you, I can't do it with anyone.

"It will be a long wait," she tried to dissuade him.

He picked her up and stood, cradled her naked body in his arms. Hope wrapped her arms around his neck and savored the feel of his heated skin against hers as he carried her up the stairs and to her bedroom. He turned the covers back, dropped her gently on the bed and crawled in beside her. "Just sleep with me then." He pulled the sheet and blanket over them and enveloped them in a cocoon where only the two of them existed. His arms tightened around her and pulled her half on top of him.

"Yes." All the tension drained out of Hope's body as she inhaled his distinctive scent. She was safe with Jason. "Just for tonight." She wanted this intimate connection with Jason. He felt so good. Smelled so good. The comforting stroke of his hands in her hair, up and down the bare skin of her back, lulled her into a sense of well-being she'd never known.

"For now," he corrected huskily, gently.

Hope sighed and threaded her fingers through his hair. They fell asleep just like that, molded together, wrapped up in the comfort of each other's touch.

*****

She'd just left. No note, no goodbye. She was just gone like she'd never been there.

Jason sat down in a comfortable leather seat on his private jet and pulled out his laptop, pissed off and angry because he'd woken up this morning and Hope had already left. He hadn't heard a word from any of her brothers, who would have been irate if they'd seen his rental car at her house. Obviously, she hadn't allowed them to see it, had probably walked to the end of her driveway when they had picked her up this morning just to avoid it.

Evan's jet had already departed a few hours before Jason had woken up at noon, and he'd known the minute he saw the time and the empty space beside him that Hope was gone. Evan had mentioned that he was leaving by ten, and Jason had known that Hope would be on that plane.

Fuck! She could have at least said goodbye.

Jason held the key he'd found on the kitchen table between his thumb and index finger, staring at it intently before dropping it into the pocket of his buttoned-down shirt. Whether or not she'd intentionally left the key to her house there for him or not he didn't know. But he'd used it to lock up before he left, and he was keeping it.

He'd give her time, but he and Hope weren't finished. He wouldn't allow it. She could run...for now.

I'm not ready.

Her words echoed in his brain, over and over. It hadn't mattered that he hadn't actually f**ked her. Just the feel of her lips on his bare skin, her beautiful mouth on his c**k had been enough to completely turn him upside down. Just being with Hope had temporarily soothed his loneliness, cured the restlessness that had plagued him for a very long time. Last night had been a revelation for him. Thinking back on all the meaningless relationships he'd had over the last eight years, since the moment he'd seen her again at her high school graduation, he now knew one thing for certain:

I've always been biding my time, waiting for Hope.

His anger fled, replaced by concern as he thought about the night before, the broken look on her face when she'd told him she wasn't ready. He could have sworn he saw a flash of worry, a moment of fear in her eyes. Had he imagined things, or had she really been afraid? Most likely, he was imagining it. Hope had had boyfriends before, the most recent one for several years, a deadbeat who had no job, and was obviously a selfish bastard judging by Hope's lack of sensual experience.

He just f**ked her and sponged off her.

That thought made Jason insane. Hope had a huge heart, and he didn't like the thought of anyone taking advantage of her.

His fingers flew over the keyboard of his laptop and accessed his private email. Searching, he finally found the email Grady had sent to everyone when he'd become engaged. He found her name among the group and he started a new email with her address:

I need to know you made it home safe and that you're okay. If I don't hear from you, I'll find you.

J.

He pressed the Send button harder than necessary.

Her response came that evening, when Jason was home in his New York penthouse:

I'm back in Aspen, and I'm okay.

H.

Leaning back in the desk chair of his home office, he closed his eyes. Dammit. He'd wanted further information. Yes, he wanted to know she was safe, but he'd wanted her to say more, tell him more, let him know how she felt.

Holy shit! He started to sound like a woman, wanting to pry Hope's emotions from her until she talked. Usually, he avoided emotional confrontations at all costs. He was an only child, so he didn't have sisters who tried to strangle him with emotional bullshit. And if a woman started to even begin to show an emotional attachment, he was done with the relationship. Most times, he didn't have to worry about it. He was careful, stuck to women who just wanted or needed sex with no strings, and that had worked out well for him most of the time.

I'm losing it.

Hope Sinclair would come with all kinds of strings attached, and she'd already tied some of the knots to secure them to him. Strangely, he didn't give a shit. Casual sex was going to be a thing of the past. She'd ruined him. And if he had to wait...he'd wait. Hell, he'd already waited eight years for her to grow up. Now, he wished he hadn't waited so damn long.

She's mine. She's always been mine.

Eventually, he'd snare Hope Sinclair, and keep her until they had both f**ked each other out of their systems. It was the only way he could think of to get his sanity back again.

Maybe then I'll be able to concentrate. Maybe the restlessness and loneliness will go away if I have Hope as many times as we both want it.

He deleted her email and brought up his work documents, with a fervent hope he didn't have to wait too damn long.

*****

For the next several months, Jason tried to give Hope a chance to recover from her relationship with her loser boyfriend, tried to be patient.

Unfortunately, he couldn't seem to stop emailing her at least once a week. He wanted to know whether she was doing okay, and some secret part of him did it for completely selfish reasons: to remind her that he was waiting. The emails he sent were always the same:

I just want to know that you're doing okay.

J.

Her answers were always two words:

I'm fine.

H.

In January when he emailed, she was fine.

For the rest of the winter when he wrote, she was fine.

In the spring, she answered his query the same way: she was fine.

Then, in the early summer, she was getting married.

What. The. Fuck.

Jason was in Rocky Springs, Colorado, at a charity benefit function when he found out that Hope planned to marry the same loser who Jason was waiting for her to get over. He'd talked to her brother, Grady, and had gotten the news from him. Hope had never mentioned it. She was just fine, according to her weekly, two-word email responses.

She'd never let him know that she was back with her ex-boyfriend, much less that they were getting married.

Unfortunately, Jason wasn't so fine with the news. He was f**king livid, and he'd had enough of waiting.

He was finally going to get Hope in his bed and oust the ass**le in her life when he did; he wasn't opposed to playing dirty if that's what it took to achieve his goal. Jason didn't know what kind of number this guy was doing on Hope to get her to marry him, but the game was about to end.

Unfortunately, even though she had plans to marry another man, a guy who didn't give a rat's ass about her, Jason still wanted her for himself. And he wasn't giving her up until he was damn good and ready to do so, and the ass**le in her life was completely out of the picture. For some reason, she was running away from what had happened between them, but he'd catch her, make her admit she wanted him and didn't love the man she was marrying. If she had loved another man, she never would have been intimate with him at the holidays.

Maybe Hope thought Jason was only an ass**le on the surface, but she was about to find out just how big of an ass**le he could really be. When it came to Hope, he was perfectly capable of being a ruthless bastard to have her, keep her away from someone who would hurt her, and she was about to see a different side of him. So, she could end up hating him. It was better than her ending up married and miserable, tied to a bloodsucker.

He and Tate Colter, a half-crazy, very wealthy ex-Special Forces guy, put together a plan in Rocky Springs, right after Jason found out that Hope was getting married. It was a selfish, greedy scheme that would change his life and Hope's irrevocably. Jason didn't think twice about implementing it with Tate's help. His reason clouded with anger and disbelief, he plowed ahead with Tate, his only objective to separate Hope from any other man except him. Any other outcome was unacceptable, unthinkable.

Jason ignored the niggling voice that told him that ending her marriage plans wasn't the only reason he was taking this particular strategy. Instead, he set the plan in motion, eventually slamming a barrier between himself and any of his emotions after he'd made the decision to act out Tate's proposed solution, just like he'd always done in business. He and Hope did have unfinished business, and he was about to wrap it up-permanently and completely.

