Chapter One

Garrett Kelly might have been a laid-back middle school math teacher by day, but at night he was a basketball coach who yelled and cussed and fought for his team. And right now? He was yelling. And in his head? He was cursing up a storm. Mainly because his star player, Chris Worth, stood frozen mid-court of the middle school gymnasium.

What the hell was going on out there? Chris never choked. Never missed a chance to win a game. But he was just standing there. Not moving.

"Dribble the ball, Chris!" Garrett screamed down the court, his entire body tense. The damn score was tied at fifty-six with thirty seconds left and he still wasn't moving. Garrett looked up in the bleachers at Kiersten Worth, Chris's aunt and legal guardian...as well as acting mother, who shrugged back and scrunched up her nose. "Move!"

Chris finally launched into action, dribbling in between the opposing team's defense as if they merely stood still, and banked another two points. The crowd went wild, both with moans and shouts, depending on which side they were rooting for.

"There you go. You got this down, boys," he called out, rubbing the back of his neck. Now, they just needed to figure out how to prevent the other team from scoring in the next twenty seconds, and they would be able to maintain their undefeated record. And if they failed? He might have to give them all double homework duty on Monday.

His assistant coach, and best friend, paced behind him. "If they let this kid score, I'm gonna lose it," Mike whispered. Then he raised his voice and shouted, "Arms up, defense!"

"You're preaching to the choir."

Garrett tensed as the opposing team headed down the court. Sending a prayer above-God had to like basketball...He was a man after all-Garrett clenched his hands tight. The other team's tiny point guard dodged between two players, only to be caught off-guard by Chris. Chris snatched the ball out of his hands and dribbled down the court. He squared off and took a shot just as the buzzer sounded.

Swoosh.

"Yes!" Garrett said, turning to give Mike a high five. "And the streak continues."

"Thank God," Mike grinned.

They lined up all of the kids in the most unorganized row ever, slapped hands and huddled for an after-game pep talk. After they finished, Mike and Garrett headed toward the waiting moms, who hovered like vultures waiting for their meal.

"Oh, God, Susan is eyeing me again," Mike groaned, rubbing his forehead. "Help me."

"Well, you shouldn't have slept with her, dumbass," Garrett replied, smiling at the woman in question as they approached the crowd. "I warned you to avoid her like the plague. Her ex-husband had to get a restraining order against her. If that doesn't scream caution, I don't know what does. You have no one to blame but yourself."

"Yeah," Mike shrugged. "But she's hot. That throws the crazy scale askew."

Garrett rolled his eyes. He scanned the crowd for the woman who wouldn't be chasing him. Kiersten stood in the back of the well-wishers, waving at Chris and beaming with pride. Her straight blond hair looked silky smooth today and Garrett's fingers twitched with the desire to see if it was as soft as it looked. But friends didn't fondle other friends' hair.

Or so he kept telling himself.

Chris held his index finger up to Kiersten, obviously needing a minute to collect his stuff and say his good-byes. Though Chris's mom had died in a car crash when Chris was an infant, the boy had never lacked for a mother. Kiersten, though barely more than a child herself at the time, had stepped into her sister's role without hesitation. She had even refused to let her older sister take on the responsibility, since Brianna had just had a baby with her husband. That was just one of the many things Garrett admired about her so much.

"Don't even think about abandoning me for her," Mike said between clenched teeth, following the line of his gaze. "You don't stand a chance and you know it. Besides, she's still depressed over Pete leaving her. Fucking ass**le."

"Agreed." Garrett shrugged. "We're friends, is all. Stop trying to make it more than what it is."

"Are you so sure about that? Need I remind you of high school?" Mike called out. "Move on and leave her alone."

Mike, of course, referred to the huge crush Garrett had held on to all throughout his teen years. But he was over it. He'd grown up and moved on, as people did. "You have no clue what you're talking about," he said before walking away.

"Yeah, I do. She's my sister," Mike retorted. "And you're an as-" Mike broke off and looked at the kids surrounding them. "Uh, an astounding fool."

Garrett rolled his eyes at his friend's quick recovery, waved over his shoulder-with one finger conspicuously higher than the others-and stalked to Kiersten's side. All of the other moms let out a sigh and zeroed in on Mike. The poor sucker stood no chance, and deserved every second of it.

The closer Garrett got to Kiersten, the faster his heart thumped in his ears. It felt more like he was sprinting down the court for a winning shot instead of walking up to his longtime friend. She saw his approach and straightened, cheeks rosy. Her green gaze latched onto his, pushing him away without saying a word. "Coach Garrett, how are you doing tonight?"

Her voice washed over him like a soothing balm. He shook his head and grinned at her. "Kiersten, you can call me Garrett."

"Not here," she murmured. Her gaze flitted over his shoulder to where Chris probably approached. "Don't want to give anyone anything to gossip about."

He pasted his generic playboy-smile on and ran his fingers through his hair. "No one would get the wrong idea. It's quite obvious we're just friends. Speaking of which...are we still getting together for drinks tonight?"

"Yes," she said quickly. "Now be quiet. Chris is coming, and I don't want him to get the wrong idea."

The wrong idea being that she was actually interested in more than friendship from him. Garrett knew all too well that wasn't the case, even if he occasionally wished it weren't. "Right."

"Hey, coach," Chris said. He walked over to Kiersten's side and looked at Garrett with eyes far too wise for a thirteen year old. "What's up?"

Garrett cleared his throat. "Nothing much. I'm just letting your mom know about practice on Monday at five."

"Oh, okay." Chris looked up at Kiersten expectantly. "Ready to go to Friendly's?"

"I'm always ready to go to Friendly's," she replied. When she slung his gym bag over her shoulder, her gaze met Garrett's for one brief second. "Good bye, Coach Garrett."

"See ya," he murmured.

He watched her walk away, the swing of her hips teasing him. Over the past three months, they had been getting together at her place to have a few drinks on the weekends, but not as lovers. Just as friends. Very platonic friends. It's all they could ever, and would ever, be. He was her kid's teacher and coach. Though the school didn't frown upon such things... other parents did.

All it would take was one game where he played Chris longer than another kid and all hell would break loose. So no matter how much he might like to discover how those swinging hips felt in his hands...he needed to keep his head on straight.

And his hands at his sides.

Rolling his shoulders, he headed back to Mike. Upon seeing his return, Mike flashed him a dirty look. "About time," he muttered under his breath. "Done drooling over my sister?"

Garrett ignored him. "Okay, everyone. Listen up. Practice is Monday at five. We'll see you all then. Coach Mike and I have to go over some end-of-game plays, so we're gonna head out now."

The women dispersed, leaving him and Mike alone. Mike scowled at him and punched his shoulder. "Look, f**k-wad, stop chasing her."

Garrett ground his teeth together. "I'm not chasing her."

And he wasn't. They were friends. If there were a moment or two where he wished they could be more, then so be it. That's life. It didn't mean he had to act on the desire. Making a move, especially an unrequited move, certainly wouldn't do at all for his image-the image he'd worked very hard to build. He was the perfect picture of the content bachelor with no intention of ever changing his ways.

"Looked to me like you were chasing her," Mike said.

Garrett gritted his teeth. "Then you weren't looking close enough. I'm over her. I've been over her since college. You're the one who needs to move on, man."

"I did." Mike eyed Garrett in a way that all too clearly conveyed that he doubted Garrett had.

"Yeah?" Garrett grabbed the clipboard. "So did I."

"Good. Now, I need to drink a few beers and find a woman with a lot of daddy issues and no attachment issues whatsoever," Mike said, gathering up his jacket and clipboard. "You in?"

Garrett hesitated. After all of the ribbing Mike had been giving him, the last thing he wanted to admit was that he was spending his Friday night at Kiersten's. "Nah. I think I'm getting sick. I'm gonna go home and take it easy tonight."

"Like you've been doing almost every weekend lately? Are you going to shave your legs and douche, too?" Mike snapped. "What the f**k, man?"

"Yeah, that's exactly right. I'm going to go home and douche. See you later, ass**le," Garrett called over his shoulder. "Don't forget that we have our own game tomorrow."

Mike called out, "See you then. Wear a pretty skirt for me, will ya?"

Garrett flipped him off and stalked out of the gym. The cold air blasted his face as soon as he walked outside and he inhaled deeply. Damn, he loved winter. Tiny snow flurries drifted down from the sky and Garrett took a minute to appreciate the sheer beauty of the unblemished white snow falling around him. Too bad it wouldn't stick to the ground. It wasn't cold enough in Vegas for that.

But it sure looked pretty.

And then it struck him how very much like life falling snow could be. It looked great at first glance, but within minutes all you had left was yellow snow and gray streets. Nothing ever stayed pure and fresh-which was why he avoided romantic entanglements.

It wasn't because the only woman he really wanted didn't want him. No. All he needed was a warm body in bed every once in a while and he was good to go. It didn't matter who she was or where he found her. Intimacy was overrated and overbearing.

Unfortunately, the more he told himself that...the less he believed it.

Chapter Two

Kiersten glanced in the mirror and smoothed her hair back out of her eyes with a trembling hand. Tonight, she was going to do something completely out of character. Terrifyingly so. When she had been sitting in the bleachers earlier, reflecting on the fact that today was supposed to have been her wedding day, she'd compared her life now to what she'd expected it to be. And quite honestly...it sucked. Pete was probably married to his skanky secretary by now. Blissfully and happily getting ready to raise cheating little babies to match their cheating, lying parents.

While she hadn't even gotten laid since the break-up.

Today was supposed to have been her special day-the day she said I do. As the time had ticked down on Chris's game, it also had ticked down on her contentment to just...be alone. Then it came to her-she didn't have to be alone tonight. She could give a final f**k-you-Pete and sleep with the one man Pete had always been threatened by.

Garrett.

Pete would never know, but she would.

And it would feel good.

Now all she needed to do was tell Garrett.

She hoped she hadn't misread the interest in his eyes. And hoped he wouldn't turn her down. She was choosing him as her target because of three reasons. One? Proximity. He was coming to her place tonight anyway. Two? He used to have a crush on her back in high school and probably still wondered what it would be like between them, so less likely to reject her. And three? That whole secret f**k-you factor he would give her.

Maybe it was childish but so what? Pete had decided he loved to bang his secretary more than he loved Kiersten, so why shouldn't she celebrate tonight with a little too much wine and a good bout of forbidden sex?

And hopefully some sore legs tomorrow.

Yeah. That's so what she'd envisioned for this day when they had sent those save the date cards out.

Kiersten sent a quick goodnight text to Chris, who was sleeping over at his cousins' house, and hurriedly brushed her hair. At most, she only had thirty minutes before Garrett arrived-and the furriness of her legs appalled her more than words could say. After a fast shower and an even quicker make-up session, she stood in front of her closet gripped with indecision on what to wear.

Could she really go through with this impetuous plan? Seduce one of her only friends?

When Pete had destroyed the tiny bit of faith she'd had in humanity, she had fallen to pieces. All her life, she had avoided relationships so Chris wouldn't have a father figure enter his life and just as quickly leave. But then the one freaking time she trusted a man and let him in, he'd cheated on her with his secretary and they'd called the whole thing off.

She had been brokenhearted but Chris had been even worse off.

She would never do it again. Wouldn't bring an unstable man into his life like she had before. She'd been right to avoid love. All the love she needed she got from her family.

But she wouldn't think about that asshat Pete. She would drink with Garrett. Get a little stupid. Let loose. And have some casual, no strings attached sex. If she could do that with anyone in her life, it would be Garrett. He'd always been by her side, rooting her on.

Looking at her with those hot, blazing blue eyes that seemed to undress her without a simple touch. Her stomach tightened just thinking about him and that look. And given his years-long single status, he didn't seem to want a relationship any more than she did.

But what if he wanted more than she could give him? A series of pictures ran through her head of how he would fall in love with her and ask her to marry him. Have kids with him.

She shuddered at the mere thought.

Nah. He wouldn't want that. He'd never even acted on his crush in high school, so how serious could it have been? Not once in all of their time together had he even given her a slight hint he wanted those things. Hot glances? Yes. Happily ever after? No.

He was like her. Independent. Unattached, and content to stay that way.

Marriage obviously wasn't for the Worth children. The only one of them who hadn't been messed up from their parents screwed up marriage was her older sister, Brianna. She was married with three kids. Her first husband had died, but Brianna had met another man she'd fallen head over heels in love with. Thomas Jones. Now they were married and happily living their normal lives in their normal house in their normal world.

Then there was her and Mike.

Mike didn't spend more than a night with the same woman-if not an hour-and Kiersten refused to even try relationships ever again. She was broken. Unfixable. She didn't want to get married, or even fall in love a second time. Didn't want any kids besides Chris. She was fine alone.

But she needed to get laid. Needed to prove to herself that she wasn't a complete failure who couldn't attract a man-much less keep him. And Garrett seemed like a sure bet, given the way he looked at her when he thought she wasn't watching. Like she was a woman, and he was a man. And he wanted her.

Or at least...she thought he did.

After pairing a scoop neck sweater with a black skirt and applying a quick spritz of perfume, she made it downstairs just in time to feel her phone vibrate in her hand. He was here. When she opened the door, he stood there smiling at her, a bottle of Asti in his hand. The porch light illuminated his perfection, as if God was reminding her just how exquisitely he had made this particular male specimen.

"Hello," she said, motioning him inside.

"Hey," he murmured. His blue eyes swept over her body, leaving heat everywhere they touched. She normally wore sweats and a T-shirt when he came over to hang out, so he was probably wondering at the short skirt she wore. "Wow. You look pretty tonight."

Her cheeks heated up. "Thanks."

He came inside and she busied herself closing the door and locking it. The chill of the metal cooled her hunger for him-to some degree. "Is Chris gone?" he asked.

"Of c-course," she stammered. "He's at Brianna's for the night."

Garrett strode into the living room and set the bottle down before unzipping his coat. His black shirt clung to his finely tuned body, and her fingers twitched. Everything from his black hair, to his six-pack, down to his damn boots screamed out for her attention. And those blue eyes were mesmerizing. She could get lost in them for hours.

"That's good." Running a hand over his shirt to smooth it out, he cocked his head. "So we've got the whole place to ourselves, huh? No whispering required."

She headed for the glasses. Images of her screaming out his name flashed over her, making her hot. She looked at him over her shoulder, hoping the smile she gave him would pass as seductive. "We can be as loud as we want. No one will hear me scream."

He faltered in his steps, his eyes wide. Yep. She'd gotten her point across.

She pulled the corkscrew from the drawer but he slid up behind her and snatched it out of her hands. He always liked doing the muscle work, as if she couldn't possibly do it alone. It used to bug her. Now, it didn't. Weird.

She swallowed hard and watched his muscles flex as he twisted the corkscrew. What was wrong with her? She needed to stop ogling him like she was thinking about stripping him naked here in the kitchen. Because she wasn't. At all.

She totally planned on bringing him upstairs before stripping him.

"Are you doing okay?" He glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, his brow furrowed. He was probably wondering what the hell was wrong with her. "I know tonight's gotta be rough for you."

She swallowed. "I'm okay."

"I know you are." He squeezed her hand, then dropped it. She clenched her fist. "But I'm here if you want to vent or cry or whatever. Whatever you need."

And she knew that, too. He was always there for her. But he said that without knowing what she needed tonight. "I know," she said softly, her voice barely audible. "You're a great friend."

"I'd hope so. Sometimes I wonder, considering how much you try to hide our friendship." When he reached around her to set the opened bottle down on the granite counter, his breath fanned her cheek. He smelled like cologne and woodsy shampoo. "I don't get the secrecy. I had to lie to Mike again so he wouldn't ask questions about us."

"It's just better this way."

"If you say so," he drawled.

He leaned back against the counter and crossed his arms. He was looking at her again. Really looking. And even worse, something inside of her responded in a way she didn't fully understand or welcome. It was as if something gave way, or shifted for him so he could get inside. She stared back at him, refusing to shrink away. Refusing to back down. He held her gaze, both of them silently challenging the other to be the first to look away.

If Mike knew what she was planning to do with Garrett tonight, he'd slap her upside the head for messing with his best friend. Brianna, on the other hand, would cheer her on. She always believed that love and happiness conquered all, despite the fact that she'd lost her first husband to cancer way too young.

And despite the fact that God had also taken their sister in a car accident only months after she'd had her son.

Ah. To be so blissfully optimistic.

After what felt like a year, she finally gave up and lost the staring contest. The longer she looked into those baby blues, the more nervous she got. Sucking in a shaky breath, she busied herself with filling the glasses. "Thirsty?"

"Sure." He eyed her but didn't comment on her odd behavior. "Did you finish editing that book you were working on Monday night?"

"Yep. It's been all prettied up and sent back to the author." She worked from home as an editor and loved her job.

"Good." Picking up the glasses, he handed her one and held his out for a toast. "Let's toast to celebrate the win today. Chris did an excellent job and I have a feeling he's only going to get better. You have quite the amazing nephew."

"I'm not going to argue that," she answered. She watched him over the rim of her glass, tension humming through her veins. His eyes latched onto hers, heating up under her stare. She looked away and tucked her side swept bangs behind her ear. "He wants to get a scholarship to Harvard, so let's hope he keeps improving."

"He can do it."

Kiersten smiled at his utter conviction. Once again, something inside of her moved a little bit. She didn't like it. "I know, but thank you."

He lifted his glass again. "And we're also toasting your freedom from an ass**le who didn't know what he had when he had it," he said, his eyes hard. "If he hadn't shown his true colors, you would be marrying that jerk right now. You deserve so much better."

She bit down hard on her tongue. He was right, but it didn't stop the pain and humiliation Pete had put her through. "I don't want to talk about him. I want to...to forget. To not think about what would have been, or why I was stupid enough to believe in him in the first place."

Because if she started thinking about what Pete had done to Chris and her...she would break.

"Fair enough." He stepped closer, his toes touching hers. He smoothed her hair that she'd sloppily tucked behind her ear, watching her as he did so. "Did I tell you how beautiful you look tonight?"

"Yes, you did." She shivered, swaying closer despite the warning bells going off in her head. And he didn't move away from her. If anything, he moved closer. Thank God. "But you shouldn't say that."

He cupped her cheek and ran his thumb over her chin, perilously close to her mouth. "Why not?"

Yeah, why not?

And that brought them to her agenda for the evening-sex. Time to start her arguments. State her case. They were both consenting adults. Easy. Straightforward. Commitment free.

"I like it when you do." She chugged the rest of her drink. "But right now, we're just friends. Friends don't call each other pretty."

He quirked a brow at her and took the glass away. She waited for him to question the right now part of her sentence, but instead he said, "You can call me pretty if you want. I don't mind."

She rolled her eyes. "Okay, pretty boy. Get me another drink, or I'll have to slap you around a bit."

He chuckled. "I might like that."

She licked her lips. "I bet you would."

He hissed in a breath through his teeth. "You're feisty tonight, aren't you?"

"You have no idea."

He shot her a heated look, finished his own cup, and refilled them both with trembling hands. He seemed to steady himself by the time he turned back around to face her. The fire was gone from his eyes and he looked completely harmless. But she knew better.

"Here you go. You might want to slow down, though. You'll be drunk if you don't." His lips tilted up into a small smile. "But if that's what you want, then keep drinking. I won't complain. I'll even tuck you in when you pass out on the couch."

"Hm." She tipped back the glass. "Or you could join me?"

He stilled, the glass pressed to his lips. "What?"

"I'm kidding, of course."

Was it just her, or did disappointment cross his features? "Of course you are. I knew that."

"But then again..." She rolled a small sip around her tongue, watching him the whole time. After she swallowed, she slowly licked her lips. He watched her every movement, his muscles tight. "Maybe I feel like being a little bit stupid tonight. Want to join me?"

"Depends." His hand tightened on the wine glass. "What do you want to do?"

"I want..." She clung to her glass, trying to get the nerve to say what she wanted out loud. What if she'd read him wrong? What if he wasn't interested in her at all? God, she was pathetic. She didn't used to be so uncertain of herself. She could thank her asshat of an ex for that, too. She took another gulp of wine, wishing it would take effect quicker. "Never mind that. Are you seeing anyone right now?"

He shook his head. "No. Why?"

"No reason." She toyed with a piece of her hair and took another sip. "Can I ask you something?"

He looked less than sure. "What?"

"Did you ever have a crush on me?" She moved closer to him, and his lids dropped to cover his eyes, but not before she saw the desire in them. Desire for her. The knowledge gave her the confidence she needed to continue on. "Ever want to see what it would be like between us?"

He inhaled deeply. "You're drunk already, aren't you?"

"No." She set her glass down and grabbed hold of his shirt, tugging him closer. Her heartbeat pounded in her ears, drowning out anything else he said. "I'm not. I just want to let loose tonight. Have fun. With you."

"Kiersten..." Her name seemed to be ripped out of somewhere deep within him. His Adam's apple bobbed, and his hands fell to her hips. "What are you up to?"

"You'll see." She smoothed the shirt over his shoulders, then ran her hands down his hard biceps. "Now answer me."

He stiffened. "What are you doing?"

"Touching you." She looked up at him through her lashes. "Why? You want me to stop?"

"Yes. No." His eyes darkened, and his knuckles whitened on the glass stem. "Shit. You better think twice about what you're doing. Once you start this, I'm not backing down."

She bit down on her lower lip. "Who says I want you to stop? Now answer me."

"Kiersten..." He stepped back from her, his entire body hard and unyielding. "Are you sure you're not drunk?"

Please. She wished she was, it would make this easier. She should have waited longer. Gotten some more drinks in them both. But it was too late to back down now that she'd started the ball rolling. She took his glass out of his hand, setting it beside hers. "No. I just want you."

His hands fell to her hips. She couldn't tell if he wanted to push her away or pull her closer. Maybe a little of both? If he rejected her, she would never be able to show her face in front of him again. "Are you sure?"

"Very." She wrapped her arms around his neck, tugging him closer still. "Did you ever have a crush on me, or wonder what it might be like to spend a night together? To kiss me? Touch me?"

He groaned, and his fingers tightened their grip on her. "Yes. God, yes."

"Good. Because I did, too. I still want to know what it would be like. Tonight." She lifted her chin and looked into his eyes. "Kiss me."

His gaze fell to her mouth. She was so close to victory she could taste it. "Why now?"

She played with the curls at the nape of his neck. "Why not?"

His jaw flexed. "I need a better answer than that."

"I need to have fun tonight. Forget why I'm upset. Forget it all."

"And what about Chris?"

"He'll never know, will he? He's not here." She fought the desperation clawing its way up her throat. If he rejected her, she would die. Just. Die. "Please, I need you tonight, Garrett. So badly."

"I never could say no to you." He let out a tortured groan and lowered his head. He stopped just short of her lips. "But this will change everything because-"

"Just stop talking and do it already."

She rose on tiptoe, closing the distance between them. When their lips touched, electric sparks had to have shot off of them. Once their lips met, she forgot every other supposedly amazing kiss she'd ever had with any other man in her life. All that existed was Garrett. Like there hadn't been anyone else in her life but him. Always him.

It terrified her.

She started to pull back, to change her mind, but then his tongue slipped into her mouth and he tipped her backward over his arm. She clung to him, completely wrapped up in the way he held her. The way his lips moved over hers, tasting of Asti and pure Garrett. Digging her fingernails into his shoulders, she ripped her mouth away from his with considerable effort.

"Upstairs. Now." She wasn't risking him changing his mind.

He swept her into his arms and flung her over his shoulder. He smacked her ass hard enough to sting, but not so hard it actually hurt. "Right away, ma'am."

He took the stairs two at a time and reached her bedroom door within seconds.

Thank God.

Chapter Three

Garrett located her bedroom in record time, his heart pounding in his ears the whole way. He didn't know what had gotten into Kiersten, but he wasn't about to question it too deeply. If she decided she was ready to start something with him, then so be it. He'd take it.

It's only what he'd been secretly wishing for the last ten years or so. No big deal. She'd never once looked at him the way she was looking at him tonight. He'd known he was in the friend zone and never dared to hope he might get out of it.

But now he was. It was surreal.

Hopefully Mike wouldn't find out-because he'd f**king kill him. But it just might be worth it.

He tightened his grip on her thigh. Her short skirt had ridden up a little bit, and he got a peek at the black satin panties covering her perfect ass. His mouth dried out at the sight. Fuck, he might not be able to last long at all. He needed her that bad. He set her down on her feet by the bed after locking the door behind them.

He briefly wondered if he was trying to keep her inside the room, or other people out of it. She wasn't exactly the type to seduce a man like this. Especially him. He knew that-yet here she was. Seducing him. He half expected her to stutter an excuse to send him away. For her to come to her senses. Instead, she met his eyes and didn't back off. Good.

Because he didn't want to let her go.

He ran his hand through his hair. "Turn around for me."

She raised her brows. "Why?"

"Because I said so." He grabbed her shoulders and spun her around so that her back was against him. He slid his hands down her spine, over the curve of her hip, and then cupped her ass. Grasping the hem of her shirt, he gently lifted it over her head. He left the bra on...for now. Leaning down, he nibbled on her bare neck. She shuddered and leaned against his chest. "God, I love your ass."

She chuckled. "Is that all?"

"No." He trailed his fingers over her stomach, then up to the curve of her br**sts. By the time he reached her ni**les, she was breathing heavily and he was sure he'd died and gone to heaven. He ran his thumbs over her hard ni**les, cursing the thin fabric barring him from touching her completely, and she let out a breathy moan. He made quick work of her bra, and then rolled the hard buds between his finger and his thumb, pulling her ass back against his cock. "This, too."

She dropped her head back on his shoulder, reaching behind her to grab his upper thighs and yank him closer. "I want you," she murmured.

"Oh yeah?" He bit down on her shoulder hard, and she trembled in his arms. "Know what I really want?"

She ran her fingers over his ass. Her light caresses sent a fist of pure need to his gut. "No. What?"

He closed his hand over her mound. "This."

Without another word, he spun her around and onto the bed. She landed on her elbows, her cheeks flushed and her skirt sitting high on her thighs. Her blond hair already looked like she'd been thoroughly f**ked and he'd barely begun. He dropped to his knees between her legs, his eyes on hers the whole time. He'd given her enough chances to change her mind about this. But even so, he took his time, slowly lifting her skirt higher. Baring her thighs to his touch.

And man, those thighs were f**king perfect.

Lowering his head, he kissed the flesh just above her knee. Her legs fell open more and she flopped back on the bed. That was all the invitation he needed. Moving closer, he placed another kiss an inch higher. He grabbed her skirt and yanked it down her hips. Next went the panties and then she was naked and all his.

Leaning back on his heels, he looked at her naked body. She was even more incredible than he could ever have imagined in his wildest dreams. And she'd starred in a lot of his dreams. She sat up and tugged at his shirt, ripping it over his head. He let her do that, but then climbed over her and held her hands down by her head. "No more."

"But-"

"No." He nibbled on her ear, relishing in her shudder. If he let her undress him, this would be over too fast. He needed a clear barrier between them. A safety net, so to speak. "Tonight, I'm in charge. And first things first...do you have any condoms here?"

She bit her lower lip. "I'm the one in charge. This was my idea."

He cocked a brow. "It doesn't look like you are to me, but you're free to take over...if you can get loose."

She squirmed and wiggled but didn't move even an inch. He nibbled on the side of her throat, and she eventually stopped fighting. Instead, she arched her neck to give him better access. "Done fighting?"

"Y-Yes," she groaned.

"Good." He drew back and looked down at her. "Condoms?"

She blushed. "Top drawer in the nightstand. I'll get it."

"No. I will."

"But-"

He shot her a look and she shut her mouth. She didn't want him in that drawer for some reason. Why not? He released one of her hands, leaned over her bed, and opened the drawer. When he peeked inside, he caught sight of a pink vibrator with funny little bunny ear shaped things on it. Ah. So that's what she was embarrassed about. She shouldn't be. In fact, he just might have to use it on her sometime. Watch her squirm as she came. But not tonight.

Tonight, he would be the only thing making her scream with pleasure.

He tossed the condom onto her pillow, then returned his attention to her. He ran his fingers over her thighs, then yanked them open. She gasped at the abrupt gesture, but didn't fight him. No, she looked up at him with so much passion in her eyes he thought he might explode. He kissed the top of her breast, then flicked his tongue over her nipple. She dug her fingers in his hair and urged him closer.

Begged for more without saying a thing.

And the weird thing was...she didn't need to say a word. He knew what she wanted. It was both exhilarating and scary. He scraped his teeth over the sensitive skin, then sucked her bud into his mouth. As he did this, he rolled his hips against her, rubbing his c**k against her core. Christ, she felt good.

"Garrett," she half moaned, half whimpered.

His name on her lips made him ache to be inside her. Her back restlessly bowed off of the bed, but he held her still. As he sucked on her breast, he let go of one hip and slid his hand between her legs. She was soaking wet. So ready for him. But he couldn't give in to the temptation to have his way with her quickly. He wanted to make her squirm and beg and plead.

Lightly, he traced a finger down her slit, teasing her clit with a soft touch. She moaned and opened her legs even more. He drew slow circles over her swollen nub, refusing to apply any pressure. When he slid his finger inside of her, she grabbed his shoulders and yanked him closer.

"Please," she begged, her breathing rough and her voice hoarse.

He could have stood his ground and tortured her some more, as he planned, but he made the mistake of looking into her eyes. Her cheeks were flushed, her swollen lips parted and even redder than they usually were. Blazing hunger reflected in their green depths. Hunger for him. Growling, he lowered his body, settling between her legs. He might be ready to make love to her, but she wasn't ready yet. Not until she came apart in his arms. Elevating her hips by cupping her ass, he flicked his tongue against her clit and savored her taste. He'd fantasized about doing this since they were in high school. But now they were all grown up.

And he was going to blow her mind.

He held her hips in place as he teased her with his tongue. She dug her hands into the mattress and cried out. The sight of her br**sts heaving with each harsh breath spurred him on. As he pleasured her with his tongue, he let her drop back to the mattress a little bit so he could use his free hand to unzip his zipper.

He let his pants fall to his knees, then tugged his boxers down, too. Once his c**k was free, he returned his hand to her body and lifted her hips back up, increasing the pressure of his tongue. He could taste her orgasm coming. Could feel it in the tensing of her legs and her sweet pu**y. He slid a finger inside of her just in time. She froze, her entire body tensing, and called out his name. He didn't stop licking her or moving his fingers until she collapsed to the mattress with a shaky moan.

He rose to his feet, kicked free of his pants and boxers, and grabbed the condom-his gaze on her flushed face the whole time. This woman drove him crazy with need. She, in turn, was examining him. When she bit her bottom lip and sat up, he stopped opening the condom and watched her. She crawled toward him, naked and hot and downright sexy. When she reached the end of the bed, she ran a finger down the line of his stomach, right between his abs.

"I want to taste you, too." Her eyes flitted up to his and she licked her lips. "May I?"

He swallowed hard, but his voice still came out rough. He handed her the half opened condom. "Yes. And you can put this on, too."

She nodded and scooted forward until she was eye level with him. Then, so soft he barely felt it, she licked the tip of his shaft. Pure pleasure jolted through his blood, making his balls tighten and his c**k twitch in anticipation. His whole body stiffened, and he knew immediately that this had been a bad idea. He wanted her too much to let her do this to him without losing all control.

But he tightened his fists and stood there anyway. He'd said she could do it-and he didn't break his word. No matter how difficult it might be not to toss her down on the mattress and drive home inside of her heat. She closed her mouth over his head, sucking him in inch by slow inch.

Ah, shit.

He was a goner. He threaded his hands in her hair and urged her on, not leading her forward but supporting her. He rolled his hips against her, hissing at the way she slid her tongue over him while she sucked.

"Kiersten," he uttered, her name sounding like a prayer on his lips, sweat breaking out on his forehead. She moaned and the vibrations almost sent him over the edge. Enough. He'd had enough for now. He tugged her hair gently, pulling free of her heavenly mouth. "Condom. Now."

She pouted, but did as he asked. By the time she had it in place, he was even closer to the edge. He flipped her over onto her stomach and ran his hand over her sweet ass, then leaned over her. He bit down on her shoulder and then slammed inside her. No teasing or slow motions.

They were past that. He was past that.

For a second he worried he might have hurt her, because she cried out. But she reached behind them and dug her nails into his backside. "More."

And then? He lost it. He closed his hands over her br**sts, squeezing them and f**king her until he forgot his own name. By the time she convulsed around him, he was seconds from the edge himself. But something held him back. He needed to see her when he came. Watch her.

Picking her up, he flipped her over onto her back and slid back inside of her. Bracing his hands on either side of her head, he moved inside of her slowly. She moaned and wrapped her legs around his hips. He thought he might die of pleasure right then and there.

"Look at me," he whispered, his voice soft.

She did. And what he saw there was more than passion and need. He swore he saw something more. Something that just might make all of the dreams he had refused to admit existed until now come true. A future with her. Maybe even...love.

Who had he been kidding? He wasn't over her.

She clasped her hands behind his neck and bit her lower lip. "Kiss me," she said in reply. "Please."

He lowered his lips to hers and moved inside of her, slowly picking up speed. He could feel his balls tighten. Warning of his impending orgasm. He reached between their bodies, never taking his lips off of hers, and rubbed her clit. She groaned and clung to him. He waited until her pu**y clenched his cock, squeezing him so hard he knew no one else could ever please him like her, before he let himself soar over the edge.

And he knew it in that second, before the world exploded. No one ever would make him feel this way but her. No one else ever had.

They came at the same time, and he finally stopped kissing her and buried his face in her neck. When he came back down to earth, she was playing with his hair. It felt good. He could lie like this forever, buried deep inside her.

"Forget about crushes. I think I could f**king love you after that," he murmured.

"Oh God, don't say that," she said, her voice breathy. "I know you're teasing, but that's the last thing I need."

And just like that, his happy buzz dissolved away. Sure, he had been mostly kidding, but her utter disgust at the mere notion of him falling for her hurt like a bitch. He stiffened. "Wow. The last thing, huh?" He didn't look at her. Didn't move. "Even worse than the plague or nuclear warfare?"

Her entire body went hard and unyielding. "Yeah, maybe." She stopped playing with his hair, her hands dropping to the mattress at her side. "So what if it is? It's not like you feel any differently than I do, do you? We're on the same page."

No. They really weren't. But it was too late to take back what had just happened between them.

"Right."

He pushed off of her, and gave her his back, using the excuse of taking the condom off and disposing of it to avoid looking at her. But he couldn't avoid her forever. And no matter what she said, it wasn't okay. He'd made a fool of himself. Told her he could maybe love her, and now what? Would she laugh at him? Pretend it never happened? Pretend they never happened?

He couldn't do that. Wouldn't.

He wanted this to be a start. Not an end. And she'd acted like he was some sort of disease she didn't want to catch.

He turned back to her and studied her face. It gave away nothing of her thoughts. She swallowed hard and sat up, tugging the blanket to her neck. "Are we okay?"

"Yeah. We're great." His tone betrayed his words.

She flinched. "That's not what this was about. It's just a night. I'm not going to start picking out a wedding date or anything."

He stepped into his jeans, his movements jerky and rough. "And what if I meant what I said? What will we do then?"

She ran her hand through her hair, and a feeling of dread dropped into his stomach. She looked like she was about to bolt. "I'm not ready for that. You know how hard it was for me when Pete left. And Chris..." she swallowed hard, her eyes closed. "He can't go through another man leaving us. I won't do that to him."

"I wouldn't leave you like he did. Or Chris." He rubbed his eyes. "There's really only one question at play here. Do you think you would want to try for something more than a night? Two nights? Three nights? A year?"

She paled. "I can't. Not after Pete. And what would Chris say? I can't put him through this again."

"There are so many reasons we shouldn't. Chris. Pete. Mike." He threw his hands up. "Hell, I'm Chris's coach and teacher. That's a huge issue in and of itself. But if you want this," he motioned between them with his hands, "then we can overcome it all."

"I'm sorry." She licked her lips, and her eyes begged him to understand. "But I can't."

"All right, then." He nodded and grabbed his shirt. He tried to look as if his heart hadn't just been stomped on. It had taken a lot to put himself on the line like that and it hadn't paid off. But he wouldn't show her how hard it had hit him. "Make sure no one ever finds out about this, then. I can't afford to lose my star player because we spent one meaningless night together."

She shook her head slightly. "No one will know. It'll be like it never happened. We can go back to being-"

He gave a harsh laugh. He couldn't help it. "You underestimate your talents. I won't forget this night until I'm dead and buried six feet under. Maybe not even then."

"You know what I meant." She flushed. "Can we just go back to the way things were?"

"Honestly? I don't think I can." He dragged a hand through his hair. "I've been lying to myself for a long time about what I want from you and I'm not doing it anymore. And after what happened tonight... I can't just turn it off. I've been trying for too long. Why did you do this tonight? Why me?"

She looked like she didn't want to answer. "Because I...I thought...you used to like me...and Pete hated you."

His heart wrenched. He'd been a revenge screw. It hadn't even been because she wanted him, for f**k's sakes. It had been about getting revenge on the man she had loved once. He'd never felt so used. "Wow. I'm going to leave now."

"I can't lose you."

Those words ripped through his chest and tore his heart out. She couldn't do this to him. Couldn't make it seem like he mattered to her as more than just reliable Garrett, when he so clearly didn't. And he couldn't pretend it didn't hurt when it did. "I just need some space. We'll be fine."

But he doubted that. They wouldn't be fine ever again. He tugged his shirt over his head.

She wrung the blanket in her hands, looking as if she were fighting to find the right words. It made him feel like an ass for wanting her. Like he'd done something wrong or heinous. She stumbled to her feet, gloriously naked. "Don't go. I'm sorry, but please don't leave me. I don't want to be alone. It's a rough day for me. I wasn't thinking clearly. I'm still not."

His anger at himself softened and he sat beside her and lifted her chin up with his thumb. She looked up at him with hope in her eyes. He knew what she wanted him to say. Knew she hoped he would say it was a mistake. That he didn't think he could ever love her. But he wouldn't lie. Not even to save her from guilt.

"I'm not leaving you, Kiersten." He dropped a kiss on the top of her head. "But I can't be a revenge f**k. Not with you."

She closed her eyes. "I'm sorry."

He shook his head, but didn't take his eyes off of her. "Stop saying that. You have nothing to be sorry for."

"I do."

"You don't." His grip tightened on her.

"Can you stay the night? Give me more time to think?"

"You can have all the time to think that you want, sweetheart." He stood and rubbed the back of his neck, still coming to terms with everything that had happened since he'd arrived at her house. Never in a million years did he anticipate making love to Keirsten tonight-or how intense his feelings about it would be. But he couldn't. "I care about you enough to wait for you-but I can't wait for you with you."

He turned on his heel and walked out of her room...and out of her life.

Chapter Four

Three months, two weeks, one day, and nineteen hours.

That's how long it had been since Garrett walked away from Kiersten. She barely even spoke to him anymore, other than a soft hello as they passed on the court after practices. It was probably better that way. Anything more than a brief encounter hurt too much. He'd spent most of his life pretending not to care about her. Pretending he was fine without her. But now that he'd had one night in her arms, he knew he wasn't.

And he wanted her more than he could ever possibly describe.

Oh well. Tough shit. He wasn't going to get her on his terms. And he wouldn't accept hers.

Fuck. He needed a drink. Or three.

He unlocked the door to his apartment and froze. Pots clanged in the kitchen. Dropping his gym bag to the carpet, he walked around the corner. Only Mike had a copy of his key, and that was just in case of an emergency or if he somehow lost his own set. But why would Mike let himself in and then cook? To the best of his knowledge, Mike didn't even know how to cook.

"Mike?" he called out.

"Uh, no," Kiersten replied. "It's me."

He tensed and walked slowly into his kitchen, his heart beating rapidly in his ears. "How did you get in here?"

She flushed. "I asked Mike for the key. Told him I needed something for Chris to practice at home." She waved a hand. "He didn't question me, thank God. My story was weak."

He studied her. "Why are you here? You could have just knocked."

"I was worried you wouldn't let me in," she said softly, averting her eyes. "So I took matters into my own hands."

"And the dinner?"

"A way to try to make up for what I did. It's pathetic and not big enough, I know, but I had to do something."

He raised his brows. "You could give me space, like I asked. Why cook for me? What do you want?"

She looked at him. "I thought you might like to eat some food. Last time I checked, you were human."

"It's been over three months since we talked or hung out." He crossed his arms over his chest, not sure what her sudden reemergence in his life meant. What game was she playing? "And last time I checked, we weren't really on speaking terms. Yet here you are. Cooking me dinner."

"Yep." She set down the spoon she was using to stir the sauce, shoulders tight as she leaned on the counter. "Pretty much."

He looked away from her and swallowed hard. Did she realize how much it hurt him just to see her face or to hear her voice? Probably not, since he'd been the only idiot who had wanted more. Every woman paled in comparison to her. No matter how hard he tried to move on, to be attracted to another woman, there was only one person on his mind. Kiersten. But if she was here...

He shoved his hands into his pockets. "Have you changed your mind about us?"

She paled and he cursed himself for jumping to foolish, optimistic conclusions. "I-no, not yet. But-"

"Then you need to leave," he said. He raised his head and met her eyes, unwilling to back down. "I haven't changed my mind, either. I need space."

"It's been three months. Isn't that enough space?"

"No." He drew in a ragged breath. "It's not. Now please leave."

She bit her lip. "No."

"Yes." He strode toward her, picked her up, tossed her over his shoulder, and headed for the door. He tried not to remember that the last time he'd carried her like this, they'd been going up to her bedroom. "If you won't walk out on your own, then I'll carry you out."

She punched his back and squirmed. "Let me down. We need to talk."

"The time for talking is over. I need distance right now. Eventually we can be friends again. But for now?" He opened the door, set her in the hallway, and closed the door in her face. "Please go home."

He turned away and stomped into the kitchen. Damn it, he wasn't doing this anymore. He may have played the part of the lovesick friend for months-hell, years-now, but he was done with being a benchwarmer she pulled out when it suited her mood.

From now on, it needed to be a starting position for him...or nothing at all.

Shutting off the stove, he picked up the pot and peeked inside. She'd made his favorite meal. Cheese ravioli. Vodka sauce bubbled away in a different pot and he could smell the garlic bread in the oven.

"Listen, Garrett, we need to talk," Kiersten said.

Garrett jumped and faced her with a glare. "What are you doing in here-again?"

"I have a key." She waved a gold key under his nose, her nose tilted up in the air stubbornly. "And I know how to open a door on my own. I've been doing it since I was three."

"Congratulations." He snatched the key out of her hand and reached for her, determined to put her right back where he had left her. "But you need to go. I'm serious."

She jumped out of his reach and sprinted behind the relative safety of his favorite chair. "Not until you listen to me. Sit down and shut up for a second, will you?"

He pursued her, ready to stick her back out in the hallway, sans key this time. "All I asked for was a break. Can't you respect that?"

He bolted around the chair, reaching for her arm. Her eyes widened and she darted to the side when he feinted left and ran right, hoping to fool her into his arms. "I can't leave until we talk," she replied.

"Why not?" he asked in exasperation, holding his hands up. "What could possibly be so damn important?"

She blinked at him, wringing her hands. "I'm pregnant."

He stilled, unable to breathe. Nothing she said could shock him any more than those two words. He stumbled back against the wall, his heart beating so loudly it echoed in his ears. "What did you say?"

She came around the side of the chair, creeping closer cautiously. "I said that I'm pregnant. And yes. It's yours."

"I wasn't going to ask that," he snapped. He sank into his favorite chair, staring at a crack in the wall. Pregnant. Fucking pregnant? How? Why? "How long have you known?"

She shrugged, not meeting his eyes. "A few months."

"Months?" He lifted his head, a sick feeling taking over him. "Were you planning on not telling me?"

"Of course not! I planned on letting you know but I wanted to wait until I knew the pregnancy was viable." She fluttered her hands. "A lot of pregnancies don't make it past the first couple of months. I wanted to be sure..."

What did that mean? Had she been debating abortion? The thought made him want to throw up. So did the fact that she'd been deciding this on her own, instead of with his help. "That you wanted the baby?"

"I always wanted it. That wasn't the problem. But before I came to you, I wanted to be in the second trimester."

"And now you are?"

She met his eyes. "Yes. I am."

"I see," he murmured. He scrubbed his hands against his eyes, stars swimming before his vision. "But we used a condom."

She flushed. "I guess it didn't work. I don't know what to tell you." She shrugged. "We're not the first people to have a condom fail."

He remembered how easily it had come off. It had struck him as odd that night, but never had he suspected this might happen. "Fuck me," he breathed, unable to believe it could be possible.

A baby? Would it have her eyes and her hair? Would their daughter look like her...sound like her? Awe at the tiny life growing inside of Kiersten shook him, and he buried his face in his hands. A smile tugged at his lips.

Kiersten must have mistaken his wonder for dismay, because she sat next to him and said, "If you don't want anything to do with us, it's fine. I'm not new to being a single mom."

"Are you kidding me?" His head whipped up so fast he nearly gave himself whiplash, fixing a glower on her. He couldn't believe she'd actually said that to him. Him. "How long have you known me? Do you really think I'd turn my back on you and our child? Hell, I'd ask you to marry me if I thought you would say yes without vomiting on my shoes."

She flushed and avoided his eyes. "Oh, please. It's not the nineteenth century anymore. Marriage isn't necessary. I just thought I'd let you know that I don't expect you to dance attendance on me just because you are the father. We can work this out in a mature fashion, I'm sure. Or, you can do nothing. That's fine, too."

"Do I look like a deadbeat dad to you?" He clenched his fists, unable to believe she would even insinuate such a horrible thing about him. Twice. "I will be there for every single step of the pregnancy and every second of that child's life, no matter what you want from me. Do you understand?"

"Yes, of course." She nodded and stood. "Well, then, I'll be going."

He grabbed her hand, taking a deep breath to calm the queasy feeling in his gut. She wanted to drop this bomb on him and then skip out? Not happening. "Eat the dinner you started-if it's not ruined by now. We have a lot to talk about."

They went into the kitchen and the whole time that Garrett helped serve their burned garlic bread and overcooked, soggy ravioli, he kept stealing glances at Kiersten. He couldn't believe that she carried his baby inside of her, a small piece of him.

By God, he would love that baby to pieces.

He carried out their plates and, after setting the dishes on the table, helped her sit before taking his own seat. Though she pushed her food around on her plate, he didn't see much actually go in her mouth. Morning sickness, perhaps? But it wasn't morning. He made a mental note to go to the bookstore and buy a few pregnancy books. Something along the lines of What to Expect When Your Not Girlfriend Is Pregnant and Wants Nothing To Do With You or something like that.

Pushing his empty plate away, he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms behind his neck. "So, what are we going to do about this? How do you want this to work out?" he asked.

She set her fork down and wiped her mouth-despite the fact he doubted she actually ate anything. "We'll go on as we were before but we'll have a kid together. Simple."

"Yeah. No. Not happening." He gritted his teeth. Leave it to Kiersten to come up with the most impersonal solution possible to their predicament. But he had a different plan. One that just might give him the chance to show her he could be trusted. And they could build a future as more than two friends with a baby. "I have a slightly unusual idea but I think it's a good one."

She blinked at him. "Do tell."

"We move in together," he said, holding his hand up when she opened her mouth to protest, "as friends and co-parents. I'm obviously not going anywhere, nor leaving your life, and we're both single. So...we live together. I'll be there to help with feedings and diapers and all that other parenting crap-but we keep our hands off of each other, like we should have done all along."

She raised a brow and folded her arms across her chest. "Somehow, I don't think we can do that. Not after what happened between us last time."

His c**k twitched just thinking about that night but he stubbornly ignored it. He took a deep breath. If he played this wrong, she would refuse him. He had to make her think he didn't want her anymore. "Sure we can," he said.

"Oh? And what about Chris? Your job? The team?"

Garrett froze. Shit. He hadn't thought about that. "Uh..."

"Yeah. Uh." She let out a frustrated breath, her eyes shooting fire at him. "We can't just swoop in and make all these decisions without thinking of other people. I have a kid to think about."

"Yeah. And so do I." He gave a pointed glance at her stomach. "The school doesn't have any anti-dating policies between parents and teachers. Besides, the school year is almost over. I won't be his teacher anymore after that."

"But you'll still be his coach again next year."

He shrugged. "Once again, no rules against it. Parents coach their kids all the time. They're usually the best kids on the team, so it's fitting here."

"But he's not your kid," she said, her hands tight on the table edge. "He's mine."

He stood, anger making him see red. "And you're fine all by yourself? Don't need me?"

"Yeah." She lifted her chin. "I don't need anyone."

"Well guess what?" He pulled her to her feet and she wobbled for a bit. He didn't drop her hands even once she steadied herself. "You didn't make this baby by yourself. You needed my help that night. And you need it now, too. You can't push me away this time."

She tried to pull free of his hold but he didn't let go. "I never said you should stay out of our life. But why should I let you move in with me? What good would that possibly do?"

"Wouldn't that look better for Chris? To see a good father figure in his life?" He let go of her hand and tilted her face up to his. "One who won't ever leave him? Or you? Don't you want that for him?"

Her jaw softened, and she shifted on her feet. "Of course I do. But things like that never actually work out."

He flexed his jaw. "I will not leave you, or him. Or our baby. I can be a father to them both, Kiersten. A man they can rely on to never abandon them."

"But you said," she said in a quiet voice, stealing a glance at him, "you thought you could love me. How could we possibly move in together, and not have something get in the way?"

He shrugged, and mentally prepared himself to tell the biggest lie he'd ever told. Funny how just months before, he'd been swearing to himself he wouldn't lie to her. But drastic circumstances called for drastic measures. Or some bullshit like that. "I'm over it. I'm smart enough to see a lost cause when it's staring me in the face. You don't want me. That's fine. But there's no reason we can't be roommates of sorts and raise this baby together."

She studied him, her eyes intent on his face. He swore he saw something that looked like regret cross her features but he must have imagined it. What would she have to regret? He stared back at her with what he hoped was a calm, collected expression on his face. He could only pray his tension wasn't showing.

"You make it sound so simple," she mumbled. She turned away from him and traced an invisible pattern on the table. Probably 911 because she was panicking right now. He could see it in her eyes. "So you would be a father figure to Chris? Be there to help him with homework and play basketball-but not want anything else from me? No strings or feelings involved?"

He flinched, but quickly smoothed his features over. She didn't need to know how hard it would be to follow through with that last part. "That's exactly what I'm saying."

She faced him again, nibbling on her lower lip. "What if you find some woman you want to sleep with? I don't want whores hanging around the house with Chris or our baby, once it's here."

"Never. I won't bring anyone home unless it's serious," he promised. "Like, marriage, serious. I care about that kid, Kiersten. I saw what Pete's leaving did to him, too. I won't do anything to hurt him."

"Marriage," she squeaked, turning an odd shade of green. "Are you planning to get married to someone sometime soon?"

"Don't be ridiculous," he said, shaking his head. But the way she tightened her hands on the edge of the table and narrowed her eyes on him gave him pause. She looked ready to flip out. And she definitely looked jealous. "You know what I meant."

"You swear you won't ask me for more, or abandon us?"

He held his hand to his heart. "I do."

"Fine. We'll try it out," she agreed hesitantly. She avoided his eyes. "But you need to be there for Chris, one hundred percent. He won't be happy at first." She pointed a finger at his chest. "And you better not break your promise. No one hurts my kid and gets away with it."

"I won't."

"Yeah. That's what they all say." She cleared her throat and continued before he could reply. "When do you want to do this? The last month?"

Right now. "Is tomorrow good for you?" he asked.

"What? No way." Her gaze swung back to him. "I think the last month would be best."

"Nope."

She wrung her hands in front of her. "The end of the school year?"

"Not acceptable."

"Why do you need to move in so fast? We have months before the baby comes."

"But Chris is there now. I want to give him time to get used to me being there before the baby comes. Time to be the only child in our little family, so to speak."

He could see he'd won her over with that one even before she nodded. "Fine. Next month it is."

"Nice try. I already rejected that one." He crossed his arms. "Next week."

She pursed her lips and eyed him. "I can see you're going to be stubborn about this."

"Very," he agreed. He tapped his fingers on the table. "I want to be there for you. For Chris. And for our baby-during the pregnancy and after. I have a right to be part of all of it, Kiersten. You know that."

Her face fell, and she dropped her head to hide from his view. "Ugh. Fine," she said grudgingly. "What will you do with this place?"

He cast a quick glance around him. "I'll take care of that on my own, don't worry. Ready to shake on our agreement?"

He held his hand out as far as it would reach.

"This is a bad idea." She slowly stretched and shook his hand.

He fought back the grin tugging at his lips. "Nah. It might just be the best idea I ever had."

She rolled her eyes and backed away from him. The chase was on.

Chapter Five

Kiersten opened the door with shaking hands. In two days, Garrett was moving in, and they hadn't told a single person yet. D-Day approached at rapid speed, and she didn't have a single defense strategy in place yet. Didn't know what to do to keep a safe distance from a man who tried to get closer with every word he said. This wasn't exactly the scenario she would have picked but she also understood Garrett's desire to be a part of the pregnancy. She remembered how Brianna's first husband had behaved awaiting the birth of his children. He wanted to be part of every tiny thing-every kick, every doctor's appointment, every moment.

She also remembered her own father and how he wanted almost nothing to do with fatherhood, especially since her mother was dissatisfied with any attempt he made.

Garrett wanted to be part of the baby's life. And even if Kiersten had to compromise on the living situation, she couldn't bring herself to discourage his interest. He was a good man, and he'd be an even better father...

...and partner? Sure. But not that kind. Strictly platonic. She couldn't trust her feelings around him. Around any man, really. The whole disastrous situation with Pete had helped confirm that.

Still, having Garrett in her house would be torture. Seeing him every day would only remind her what she could have had, if only things had played out differently. If only she hadn't pushed him away...

If only she wasn't so scared to let him into her heart.

She swung the door open and nearly swallowed her tongue. Garrett stood on the doorstep wearing nothing but a pair of black basketball shorts, a hell of a set of abs, and an iPod. Yep. Torture. Sweat glistened on his skin, especially on his shoulders where he was inked, and she ached to trace the lines of his tattoos with her tongue.

Ew. Where the hell had that come from? And since when were sweaty men sexy to her?

Since Garrett showed up on her doorstep all sweaty. That's when.

He yanked the buds out of his ears and grinned at her. "I decided to take a jog here from the gym instead of driving my truck. Hope you don't mind."

"Of course not. But are you wearing that to Brianna's?" She forced her attention north, toward his face. She also made her tone go neutral, as if seeing him like this didn't knock the breath out of her lungs. "You're practically naked."

He cocked his head. "I brought a bunch of my clothes here last night, remember? I'm trying to get as many of the little things out of my apartment as I can before the big move."

No. "Oh. Right."

He chuckled and pressed a hot, sweaty hand to her stomach. "It's the baby. It's called pregnancy brain."

His touch burned and made her ache for him to creep that hand a little lower. Ugh. Here he was being a good father to their unborn baby, and she was ready to jump on him and ride him until neither one of them could move. That's exactly why this baby was here. Her impulsive behavior around Garrett. "P-Pregnancy what?"

He dropped his hand off of her stomach. "Pregnancy brain. It's a legit thing. All of your brainpower goes to making our baby grow. You become forgetful."

Her jaw dropped so freaking low it must have hit her chest. "How do you know that?"

"I've been reading the books. Especially What to Expect When You're Expecting. Haven't you? Do you have a copy? If not, I can get you one."

"No. I don't." She waved a hand in front of her face. "But I don't need one. I'll get it sometime soon."

He studied her with his bright blue eyes looking far too serious. Since when did he act so damn...grown up? He made her feel like she was slacking or something. Was she supposed to be reading books already? "Okay. I'm going to go hop in the guest shower, and then I'll be ready to go."

She watched him head across the room, his muscles flexing as he walked. Good God, the man was perfect. Why had she agreed to keep her hands to herself? She cleared her throat and her thoughts, but the latter was a lot harder to do with him standing there looking so irresistible. "Remember the story?"

He stiffened. "Yes. I came along because your car was making a funny noise, and I wanted to see if I could figure out why."

"Good."

He turned back to her with his hand gripping the banister so tightly his knuckles were showing. "You do realize we'll have to tell them eventually, right? I'm moving in on Saturday. Mike might notice I'm not at my place. And there's a slight possibility that Chris just might notice me in the bathroom every morning. Just sayin'."

She rubbed her forehead. "Don't remind me. What if he gets upset? What if he hates me for sleeping with his coach?"

Garrett shrugged. "Then he hates us. Teenagers spend most of their time hating their parents. You'd better get used to it."

Their parents. The way he said that make her heart melt. He'd already accepted Chris as his child, and was planning on the future. "He never hated me before."

"He'd be acting like a teenager. Give it time." He grinned. "But in the meanwhile...we need to tell him."

She knew that. Obviously. She just wanted her family to see him one more time before she broke the news. "I know. This is the first step in telling them. I have it all planned out."

Brianna would be happy for her, of course, but she wanted one last informal meeting before she spilled the news. So Garrett would be fresh in her mind.

And Chris? Well, she could only hope he understood.

But she didn't even want to think about Mike's reaction. At all. He'd flip the heck out.

"All right." He jogged up the steps two at a time. At the top, he turned back to face her. "We're going to be okay. You know that, right?"

No. Not at all. "Of course."

He nodded and disappeared. He was always trying to make her feel better, and sometimes he succeeded. But this time she was beyond help. She was out in deep water without a paddle. This whole situation was a perfect wreck in a perfect storm. She busied herself with straightening up the kitchen...and did her best to pretend she wasn't picturing him naked in the shower.

An hour later, they were pulling up to Brianna's house in Kiersten's supposedly noisy car. Garrett had scowled the whole way there, but she had done her best to ignore him. He didn't like the lies and games. She knew that. But soon it would be over and everyone would know her brother's best friend had knocked her up.

And even better?

That they weren't even in a relationship of any form.

Not even lovers or friends with benefits. They were a one-night deal. One night that ended in a baby and him being her platonic roommate. Heck, he didn't even want her anymore, according to him. Just like that. Poof. Gone. It kind of stung. She'd been blindsided when he blurted out that he could easily love her, but then he'd just as quickly snatched those words back before she could even think about the meaning behind them.

She wasn't sure exactly how she felt about it...but she knew she didn't like it. Or the way she reacted to him every time he touched her. Feelings were unreliable and not to be trusted. And she couldn't trust herself, either. Pete had proved that to her.

"You okay?" Garrett asked. His brow wrinkled up as he parked in front of Brianna's house. "You're being quiet."

She fidgeted with her purse strap. "I'm just nervous. After tonight, it'll be all the more real."

Garrett hopped out of the car and came around to open her door for her. He lowered his sunglasses and placed both hands on either side of her. "Honey? It's already real. You have my baby inside of you, and in a few months? It'll be in our home."

Our home. It sounded so...so domestic. And normal. "I know. But you're the only one who knows right now. What if something is wrong? What if the baby isn't healthy? What if there're six babies in my stomach right now instead of one? What if-?"

"Stop it," he cut in, his tone hard. When she stopped talking and blinked at him in surprise-he never, ever raised his voice to her-he brushed her hair off of her cheek tenderly. "Now that I've got you quiet, let me say this. You are fine. The baby is fine. Chris will be fine, even if it takes some time. We are fine. Stop worrying about what everyone will think."

She shook her head. "I'm not."

"Aren't you?" He gave her a level look. "Because I think that's what all of this is coming from. Not fear that something's wrong. I'm sure you have that, of course. But I also think you're worried what Mike will say. And Brianna. And how Chris will react."

Kiersten blinked back tears. He was right. Damn him. He was always right, except for one thing. He seemed to think she was worth believing in...and he was wrong. She'd only let him down in the end. "Aren't you a little bit worried? It can't all be me."

"Hell yeah. But I already told my boss, and he's fine with it."

She stiffened. "You told him?"

"Yeah, I did." He frowned at her. "I'm not the type to hide it until I forget it exists. It's real."

"I know it is," she snapped. "But what if they tell Mike before we do?"

"The school board isn't going to gossip about the love life of a teacher." He glanced over his shoulder at the house. "They're fine with it. The only thing we have to worry about now, besides your family, is the basketball team."

"You mean their parents?"

His shoulders sagged. "Yeah. Their parents."

"They'll say you favor Chris." She took a deep breath, images playing out in her mind. "Chris is going to be benched because they'll be jealous of him and you living together. Of you being his dad. He's already got his uncle coaching him. Now he'll have you, too."

He laid his hands on her shoulders. "I won't bench him. If it comes down to it, I'll step down as coach until he's in high school."

What? Quit? He loved that team. Loved coaching. It was the joy of his life. Yet here he was, saying he would quit for Chris. "You'd do that for him?"

"I'd do anything for you guys. You're my family now. If that's what I need to do?" He shrugged. "I'll do it. But I don't think it'll come to that."

Her heart softened toward him even more than it already had, and she swayed toward him. Warning bells went off in her head when his lids drifted shut. As if... She stiffened and scooted back on the seat again. Where it was safer. No kissing. No affection. Platonic. "I hope not. I don't want you to be forced to quit."

A brief look of disappointment lit his eyes, but it left just as quickly as it came. "And I don't want Chris to suffer because we're a couple now." He held his hand up when she opened her mouth. "Yes, I know we're not really one. But it's easier to just say we are to all the other parents. Don't you think?"

She hesitated. It did make more sense than spending twenty minutes explaining their situation. "I guess. But I won't lie to Chris. We're always honest with each other, even if we don't want to be."

"Neither will I. I live by the honesty policy, too." He squeezed her thighs. "Now stop worrying and get up. Time to go inside."

"I'll try not to." She grabbed his hands, which were still on her legs, and squeezed tight. Even though she knew she should keep her mouth shut, she found herself saying, "What would I do without you?"

"You'll never have to find out," he said, his voice raw. And for once? She wanted to believe him. Wanted to trust him and put herself on the line. Dangerous thoughts. "I promise."

She bit down on her lower lip, fighting back the words that wanted to come out. Words she wasn't ready to say...and probably never would be. He'd always been her rock-and she'd always taken him for granted. It was time she stopped doing that. "Do you know what? I almost believe you. You make me want to believe you."

To anyone else, that might sound like an insult. But Garrett knew exactly how hard it was for her to admit that weakness. And he knew it was a miracle. His eyes flashed at her, and for a second she saw behind the calm mask he'd been wearing in front of her. Leaning in, he brushed his lips across her forehead so softly that she almost thought she had imagined it.

When she leaned in closer, he pulled back. "By the time this baby comes out, I'll make sure you trust me completely. Not just a little bit."

He stepped back and helped her out of the car with gentle hands. He lingered over her slightly fuller stomach for a few seconds, then dropped his hold on her. She tried to remind herself that trusting him would be stupid. Sure, he'd never done anything to deserve her distrust...but eventually all relationships went to hell. Even the "perfect" ones, as she'd once thought her engagement to Pete had been. It was only a matter of time.

If she wanted this...whatever they had...to work out between them, for them to be some sort of weird, modern family, then they needed to keep a relationship out of this. Then they wouldn't fail, and her baby would have his father in his life.

"Ready?" she asked all too cheerily, stepping out of his arms.

He nodded. "Yep. Did Mike bring Chris?"

"Yeah."

Mike came out the door, hopped down the steps and strode down the walkway. "Are you two ever coming in, or did you plan on a picnic?"

"Maybe." Garrett grinned. "Would it get us away from you? Because if so, I'm in."

Mike laughed and clapped him on the back. "You can't escape me so easily."

"I know."

Mike laughed again and led Garrett toward the house. They were ribbing each other, but she couldn't make out all the words they spoke. Something about Garrett being a pansy. A twinge pinged in her chest, reminding her how close these two were. Would that change when she told everyone that she was pregnant with Garrett's child? Would Mike hate Garrett because of her?

God, she hoped not.

Garrett looked over his shoulder at her, a smile on his mouth. His eyes were dancing and he looked so...happy. It came so easily to him. She gave him a reassuring smile and sped up. He wanted to make sure she was okay. She wasn't at all, but she could pretend. For him. If he knew how much of a wreck she was right now, he would be hauling her back to the car for another lecture. And then she'd probably end up kissing him just to shut him up...

When she crossed the threshold, Brianna was on her, hugging her tight. "Kiersten! It's been weeks since you visited. Where have you been?"

Kiersten hugged Brianna close, closing her eyes. "Busy. You know how it is being a single mom. Life gets in the way."

Brianna looked over her shoulder at her new husband, Thomas. "I remember."

Thomas stepped forward and hugged Kiersten, too. "She might remember, but she won't ever see it again."

"She better not," Kiersten said, nudging him gently with her elbow in his hard abs. "Or you'll answer to me."

Thomas rubbed his stomach and grinned good-naturedly. "Fair enough, but you'll have to wait in line. Zach has first dibs on me."

"Good." Kiersten laughed. "I can let him work you down for me before I pounce."

"That might be a good idea." Garrett stepped forward and offered his hand to Thomas. "Hello. I'm Garrett."

Thomas shook it after a slight hesitation. "Holy sh-" Thomas broke off and looked over his shoulder.

"Swear jar!" Katelyn called from the dining room.

Thomas winced. "Man, the girl has superhero hearing." He dug into his pocket and pulled out a quarter, his eyes still on Garrett. "What I mean to say is...wow, is this a real live, actual boyfriend? If so, I'm shocked. You've never brought a guy here before."

Brianna laughed and took the quarter from him, then handed it off to Katelyn-who ran into the kitchen to make the deposit to the swear jar. Kiersten had donated a lot of money to that darn jar. "No. It's just Garrett. You've seen him across the court at Chris's basketball games."

Kiersten looked at Garrett in just enough time to see his smile fade. Before anyone else could notice, though, it was firmly back in place.

How long had he been introduced as "just Garrett" in her family? Way too long. It had never bothered her before, but now she realized how unfair that was. "He's not just Garrett. He's the Garrett. The only one who matters."

...and that was lame. How much more pathetic could she have possibly sounded? Garrett shot her a surprised look. "Yeah, I'm friends with Mike and Kiersten. Brianna, too, though we haven't seen each other in too long. It's been at least a year."

Brianna hugged him. "Make sure it's not a year again, the Garrett."

"I don't think you have to worry about that." Garrett grinned. "You'll be seeing me."

Kiersten tensed. That was way too close to admitting the truth. "Anyway," she interjected before Brianna could ask why she'd be seeing him. "Garrett, can you come in the other room with me? I want to check on Chris."

He raised a brow. "Of course."

Mike immediately followed. "He's done his homework, and he's playing Xbox with Zach upstairs. I made sure his English report was flawless before I let him go."

"Oh. Okay." She waved over her shoulder, hoping he would take the hint. "Thanks."

He kept following. "When are you going to get your car looked at? If it's making noises, it's telling you something. Last time you ignored it, I ended up rescuing your ass outside of-"

"Swear jar." Kiersten stopped walking and crossed her arms. "Now pay up and go away. I want to talk to Garrett." When he didn't move, Kiersten added, "Alone."

His brows slammed down. "Why?"

"Seriously?" Garrett shoved him into the hallway. "None of your business. Now go hang out with your other sister. The one who doesn't want to be alone."

Mike shot him a glare that promised a death so painful he would never recover, but Garrett didn't look very concerned. "We'll talk later about fools' missions."

Kiersten had a feeling that he was talking about her. "Fools' missions?"

"I have no idea what he's referring to," Garrett said, grinning. "I'm never a fool."

"You're here with me."

"Yeah." He cocked a brow. "And that makes me the smartest man on the planet."

Her heart fluttered. He always said the right things. "I'm sorry."

"You like apologizing to me, don't you?" He waited for more. When it didn't come, he rolled his hands over each other. "For?"

So much. So many things she'd done, and probably would do. Because it was only a matter of time before she hurt him. But for now...she'd focus on here and now. "For never making you more welcome. She called you just Garrett. That's...mean. I never thought of it before. You're not just Garrett. You're Garrett."

He cocked his head. "It's fine. I don't care."

"But I do. It's mean. I'm mean." Tears welled in her eyes. "Shit, why am I crying? Lately, I've been crying over everything. I cried at an SPCA commercial this morning when I took a break from working."

"Swear jar," he whispered, pulling her into his arms. He hugged her close, cupping the back of her head with his hand. "It's the hormones. You're going to be crying a lot in the first few months. Hell, maybe all of them. I only read up to month five so far."

She blinked her tears away. She didn't have time for crying, because she was supposed to be reading, apparently. God, she was a horrible pregnant woman already. "You're reading ahead? I haven't even read month one yet-and I'm in my fourth month!"

He chuckled. "I'll read for both of us. You can ask me questions, and I'll have the answers."

"I might have to," she whispered. "I haven't even gotten a copy yet."

He separated their bodies and settled his hands on her shoulders. "It's just a stupid book. Nothing more."

She swiped a stray tear away with the back of her hand. She couldn't even remember why the hell she was crying, for the love of God. Was it because of the book? "But you're reading it. It can't be that stupid."

"I'm only reading it so you don't have to. I'll tell you all of the important stuff. Deal?"

"Deal." She looked up at him, holding her breath at the warmth she saw in his eyes. He might have said he didn't care about her like he had before, but she swore she saw something in his eyes. And for the first time, it didn't terrify her. "Thank you."

She rose up on tiptoe and kissed his cheek. His five o'clock shadow tickled her lips. It was hard to step back from him, especially when he gripped her hips tightly as if he didn't want to let her go, but she did move away from him. She had to, no matter how tempting it might be to curl up in his strong arms and never move. She'd done that before. Look how that had ended.

He didn't release her right away. "Kiersten..."

"Don't." She bit her lip hard and shook her head. "Don't say it. I shouldn't have done that."

His eyes flashed. "Why not?"

Oh, my God. The memories those simple words brought back. "Because we can't mess this up. Our baby needs us to get along. To stay a pair. And after Pete, I've seen firsthand how ugly things can get. I don't want that for us. This might actually work if we keep to the plan."

His rubbed the back of his neck. "So no touching?"

"No touching."

Even though she wanted to touch so badly it hurt. And even though she was starting to want things she had no right wanting. Or maybe that was even more of a reason to stay as far away as possible from him when they were living under the same roof.

Feelings this strong were bound to combust when brought together.

Chapter Six

The next day, Garrett slammed his shoulder into Mike, knocking him down on the court. That in and of itself was nothing too strange, as they all played rough at practices, but Garrett proceeded to plow down his other teammates Stephen and Riley at half court before scoring a three pointer. Instead of smiling in satisfaction, he picked up the ball and turned to his teammates.

He needed to sweat his desire for Kiersten out of his blood.

"Let's do that play again. We're playing the Golden Nugget tomorrow. It's gonna be a rough-" When Garrett turned around, he found his teammates on the floor. "What the hell are you pansies doing on the ground? Taking a nap? Get the f**k up."

"Okay, what the hell is wrong with you?" Riley asked from somewhere near Garrett's feet. "You run us down all day long, and then yell when we don't jump up in excitement for you to do it all over again?"

"Yeah, I do," he snapped. His eyes roamed over the court. "Where the hell is Al? Did he go home to get a princess Band-Aid on his knee?"

"No, he went to get stitches," Mike said slow and clear. "You busted open his knee. He left when you were doing your three pointer binge."

Garrett dropped the ball on the floor, resting his foot on it, and his gaze swept over his teammates. Every single one of them was bleeding or out of breath. Remorse swept through him. They all took their frustrations out on the court, but tonight he'd gone overboard. "Shit. I'm sorry, guys."

They exchanged looks and stood, brushing off their clothes and mumbling their acceptances of his apology. Yet they all backed away from him except Mike. "It's fine, but I think we should be done for the night. We got enough practice in," Mike said, wiping the sweat from his brow. "Time to go home."

"Of course," Garrett agreed, averting his eyes from his exhausted teammates. They were suffering because of his pent-up frustrations and fears of the future. He was going to be a dad. A f**king dad, to two kids.

What did he know about that shit?

He'd been trying to keep his cool around Kiersten, but inside he was panicking. He had to live with her, but not touch her. Pretend to be with her, but not be. Be a dad to two kids, but stay single for the rest of his life. He didn't miss the repercussions of his actions when he agreed to the plan. Sure, he could fall in love and get married to another woman. That's what Kiersten inferred.

But he couldn't really.

If he left them and married another woman, how would the kids react? What would Kiersten do? How would their little family recover?

There were only two options available to him. Find a way to show Kiersten that maybe she could love him if she opened her heart to the idea, or stay a bachelor who only had meaningless flings when the opportunity presented itself.

He much preferred option one.

The feelings he had for Kiersten weren't fading. If anything, they were getting stronger. But he had to find a way to make her feel the same way, and he wasn't sure that was even possible.

"Go ahead, head on out," Mike said to Riley and Stephen, who were still eyeing Garrett cautiously when he returned to the present and out of his f**ked up future. "I've gotta talk to Garrett alone."

Great. Just great. Everyone wanted to talk to him alone lately. And usually it didn't involve good news. "See ya guys later."

Riley and Stephen plodded wearily to their gym bags, whispering and looking over their shoulders as they went. Once they left the gym, Mike turned on him with a glare. "What the f**k is wrong with you tonight?"

"What do you mean?" Garrett asked, dreading what he knew was coming. He busied himself with wiping his face with the white towel on the bench. He wished he could keep it over his face so that Mike wouldn't be able to read him so well. When would Kiersten let him tell Mike? This evasion was killing him. But she wanted to tell Chris first. Then Mike and Brianna. "I'm just energetic."

Mike yanked the towel off of Garrett's face and threw it across the gym. The custodian tossed him a dirty look, and then bent to pick it up. "Who is she? Do I know her?"

Garrett opened his mouth to deny there was a "she," but thought better of it. "I don't want to talk about it."

"I know you're seeing someone." Mike shoved his stuff into his bag and then gave Garrett a once-over. "What happened with her? You look like a kid who just discovered Santa is fake."

"How do you know I'm even dating anyone?" Garrett watched him, unable to believe that his ass**le of a best friend paid that much attention to his damn feelings. "And why the hell do you know that much about my love life?"

Mike rolled his eyes. "You haven't scored at the bar with me for months. I know you well enough to know you're not being celibate for nothing, so it's easy enough to figure out. There's gotta be a girl."

He couldn't lie to Mike. He didn't have to give the whole truth, but he could give a little bit of it. Withhold names or some shit like that. "There is a girl, but that's not why I'm worked up," Garrett muttered, his heart picking up speed. "I just found out that I'm going to be a dad."

"What?" Mike blinked and sat down, looking slightly green. "Aw, shit, man. Who is she? Do I know her? Is she keeping the baby? Do you love her? Are you getting married? Who is she?"

The one question he couldn't answer, Mike had asked twice. Fucking awesome. Garrett shook his head and sat beside his best friend. "She doesn't want to be with me...but I plan on trying to change that. Yes, you know her, but I'm not ready to talk about it yet. I'll be moving in with her, so you'll find out soon en-"

"Wait." Mike held up a hand. "She doesn't want you, but you want her, and you're moving in with her? How long have you known this woman?"

Too long. Garrett swallowed and covered his face with his hands. "Long enough to get her pregnant," he said dryly.

Mike leapt to his feet and paced, his face intent. Garrett groaned at the determined expression on Mike's face and began collecting all of his stuff. Mike would go postal once he figured out who he was talking about, and with good reason. Mike was extremely protective of his sisters, and had been since their parents died.

The only person he was more protective of was Chris.

"Well then I have to know her. Who the hell is she? Is it-?" Mike broke off and choked on his words. "What is she doing here? Something's gotta be wrong for her to stop by like this."

"Who?" Garrett asked, not bothering to look as he shoved his water bottle into his bag. Any distraction from Mike's current line of thought was a welcome one in Garrett's book.

"Kiersten. How did she know where we were?" Mike already headed her way, his stride quick and determined. "Hey, is Chris okay?"

Garrett forced himself to take a deep breath in and out. Just because she was here didn't mean anything was wrong with her or the baby. She could have come because she needed to talk to them about something completely unrelated to that. Garrett sprinted to her side, passing Mike. "Hey, is everything with...you okay?"

His voice must have come out harsh, despite his intention to keep himself calm and collected, because Mike shot him a surprised look. "Why do you care so much?"

"I'm fine. Chris's fine, too. He's at home finishing up his homework." Kiersten flushed and she smoothed her hair. She always did that when she felt uncomfortable. Her eyes flitted from Mike to Garrett. "Uh, Garrett, can we talk for a sec?"

"Why do you need to talk to him again?" Mike looked first at Kiersten, and then at Garrett incredulously, his green eyes round. He backed away from the pair of them and shook his head, turning red. "You've got to be f**king kidding me."

Garrett shoved past Mike and grabbed Kiersten by the elbow as he strode past. "Sure, let's go. Quickly."

Kiersten's cheeks flushed and she looked over her shoulder as he shuttled her outside. "Does he know? Did you tell him?"

"No," he ground out. "But you just did by asking me that."

"I'll kill you, you son-of-a-bitch!" Mike shouted, running after them looking way too alive and enthusiastic for Garrett's liking. So he'd gotten over his shock already. Excellent. "Get back here so I can kick your ass properly."

"There goes my plan to tell him and Brianna over a calm dinner," she said, her voice tight.

He looked over his shoulder. Mike closed in on them. "Yeah, I'd say your plan is ruined."

"I know you can move faster than this," Kiersten said, tugging on his hand. "Let's go."

Kiersten sped up, but Garrett dug his feet into the pavement. "I'm not running from him. He deserves a chance to yell and scream at me."

"No, he doesn't." She looked at him out of the corner of her eye and paled. "He'll kill you. He's not kidding. Why do you think I didn't want to tell him?"

Garrett shook his head and turned to Mike, grimacing as he grew closer. "No, he won't. We've been best friends for years, so he'll just-"

Wham.

Garrett saw stars, and hit the ground flat on his back. The back of his head slammed onto the concrete. Fuck, that hurt worse than a sucker punch. Groaning, he sat up and clutched his eye. "Damn it, Mike. What the hell? We have a plan-"

Mike picked him up by his shirt, leaning into his face, and growled, "Give me one damn reason why I shouldn't kill you here and now."

"I told you why in the gym," Garrett said, shooting Kiersten a quick glance. "Remember?"

"Let go of him, Mike," Kiersten snapped, tugging on Mike's arm. "I'm not a little kid anymore. We're adults, and Garrett is going to be there for me the whole way."

Mike swallowed and flexed his jaw, not releasing his death grip on Garrett's shirt. "I don't give a damn."

Garrett squinted through his good eye, trying to focus on Mike. "I'm sorry, man, but you know how I've felt about her since high school. This can't be much of a surprise."

"What?" Kiersten looked at Garrett in surprise. "What do you mean?"

Mike's grip slackened a fraction. "Kiersten, can you give us a second alone? We need to talk. No girls allowed."

"No way." She crossed her arms over her chest and glowered. "I'm not leaving you with him."

"It's okay," Garrett said. "We need a minute."

She huffed and stomped to the car. Once she was out of earshot, Mike said, "She's a little brat, but she's my sister. And no one f**ks with my sister. Not even you."

If anyone else had called Kiersten a brat, he'd be flat on the ground. But he guessed he had to give her brother a pass. "She'll want for nothing. I swear it."

"And Chris?"

"Will have a father now," Garrett said, his tone steady. "I'll be there for him. Anytime. Anywhere."

Mike relaxed and let go of Garrett, holding his gaze. "I'll hold you to that for the rest of my long, long life. Fail, and you'll answer to me."

Garrett nodded. Mike would give him a chance to make this right-i.e., convince Kiersten they should be in love and married-but if he failed, or broke her heart? Mike would be the first in line to kick his ass before ripping him to pieces.

"Understood," Garrett said. "I'm hoping to make her fall for me once I'm in the house. I'll probably fail...but I have to at least try."

"Damn straight you do." Mike shoved him back and gave him one last warning look. "But it won't be easy. She's been hurt too many times."

"I know, but she won't be hurt by me. She can trust me, and so can you."

Mike looked over at Kiersten-who glowered at him from the car. "Brianna's the only normal one out of all of us. I don't know what happened to her that made her so human."

"You're human, too. And so is Kiersten." Garrett looked at Kiersten, too. "If I earn her trust...I can earn her love. I know it."

Mike turned toward him with disbelief written all over his face. "I think you underestimate her pain."

"And you underestimate my commitment." Garrett shoved his hands in his pockets and took a deep breath of cold air. "I won't give in until I win."

"I think you're insane." Mike shook his head. "But remember this. The only reason I'm giving you a shot is because you're my best friend. Blow it with her, and I'll forget that small fact."

Chapter Seven

Kiersten waited in the car for Garrett and Mike to end their "man talk." No girls allowed, my ass. She clenched the steering wheel tightly, sighing with impatience. Chris was old enough to be left home alone for a little bit, but he was also old enough to not be left alone for too long. Teenagers got into trouble. She remembered that all too well. Twelve years ago, she'd been one of the biggest troublemakers there was.

But then Sue had died, and Chris had needed a mom...and everything had changed.

And now she was changing again. Morphing into something she didn't want to be. She hadn't planned on stopping by here, but when Garrett hadn't answered his phone she drove to the gym without really thinking it through. Expecting to find him boozing it up with some secretary slut or something. Like Pete.

Was she being too girlfriend-ish in even caring? By checking on him like this? Should she back off? Probably yes to all of those questions. Especially the last one. But she didn't exactly know the proper etiquette for when she couldn't get ahold of her baby's father. Maybe that newspaper column "Miss Manners" that ran in the Sunday Post could tell her.

Until then...she had a kid to get home to.

She laid on the horn and motioned Garrett over. He said something to Mike, and then came jogging to her window. She rolled it down and he leaned in. His blue eyes were bright and wary. And he looked so damn handsome with his curls flopping about his head every which way. Every time he moved too close to her, it grew harder to resist touching him.

Which was all the more reason to keep her distance.

"What's up?"

She fidgeted. "I need you to come over tonight. I want us to tell Chris about the baby together."

"Okay." He looked at her closely. "You could have just called."

"I did." She lifted her chin. "You didn't answer, so I stopped by here on my way home from the store."

"Shit, I'm sorry."

"Why didn't you pick up?" She gripped the wheel so tightly her hands ached. "Last time the man in my life didn't pick up his phone, it was because he was busy picking up someone else. Namely, his secretary."

His brows lowered. "I'm not him. I was just playing ball."

"Well next time, keep your phone on you," she said. "I need to know I can count on you."

Even as she demanded this of him, she knew she was being unreasonable. He didn't owe her a damn thing, least of all his complete attention. If he wanted to unplug after work, she had no reason to yell at him. None at all.

Yet her mouth just blurted the words out.

He eyed her. "I will. And you can count on me, Kiersten."

"I hope so," she said, her voice wooden.

But deep down, she knew he spoke the truth. Knew she could count on him not to be the jerk Pete had been. She'd flipped out at him for daring to set his phone down to play a game of basketball with her brother. She had known where he was, yet she still came here expecting to find him missing.

Expecting him to let her down like Pete had. Like life had.

She had to pull herself together.

He scrubbed his hands down his face. "I'll be more careful with my phone from now on. It might have been an emergency. I'm not used to other people needing me 24/7 yet."

Was he already feeling the weight of it on his shoulders? Was he already regretting moving in with her? Wanting to be with her? She went back to gripping the steering wheel, her heart twisting. "Do you want to back out? It's not too late."

His eyes narrowed on her. "No. I. Do. Not."

A strange surge of relief shot through her. Though she hadn't been counting on having him around in the beginning, she couldn't picture doing this alone anymore. She...needed him. How odd it felt to admit that to herself. "Okay. I just wanted to make sure."

"I'm going to say this again and again until you believe me. I am not leaving you." He leaned in, his nose touching hers, and laid his hand on her stomach. "No matter how much we fight, or how many times I forget my phone in my bag, or how tough things get-and they will get tough, believe me-I'll be here by your side. I'm not pretending it will be easy, but I'm not leaving or running. Got it?"

She swallowed her doubts and fears. He made her want to believe him. Maybe, in time, she could. If she tried really hard to stop comparing him to Pete...maybe she could learn to start over. God, she hoped so. "Okay."

He looked at her for another second, the hard line of his jaw relaxing a little bit. "I'll follow you back to your place in my truck."

She licked her lips. "Not my place. Our place."

"Right." He blinked at her. "Our place," he said softly, his voice washing over her like a gentle tide.

He pulled back out of her car, his hand brushing her breast as he did so. She shivered and pressed her legs together. Why were they not touching each other again? Oh. Right. Rules.

She waved at Mike as he pulled out of the parking lot, and he held his hand up to his blond head in the "call me" signal. She shook her head and pointed to her watch. Yeah. Maybe later. That was a conversation she wasn't exactly looking forward to. Instead, she picked up her phone and dialed Brianna. She might as well tell her before Mike could.

"Hello?" Brianna said.

"Hi, sis."

Brianna laughed. "A visit one day, and a call the next? What's the occasion?"

Kiersten flinched. There shouldn't have to be an occasion for two days of contact in a row. "Well, I have some news."

"Okay."

"I...uh..." Kiersten tried to think of a good way to say it. A way to spin it in a good light that didn't look like she'd messed up-but she came up dry. Like, Sahara Desert dry.

Brianna cleared her throat. "You've been quiet for a while. I'm getting nervous. What's wrong? You're not...sick or something, are you?"

"No. God, no." She took a shaky breath. Time to just spit it out before Brianna thought she had cancer like Michael had. "Or at least, not for long. For about nine months."

Dead silence. "Seriously?"

"Seriously."

More silence. "Garrett?"

"Yep." Kiersten held her breath. Now came the moment of truth. Would Brianna cry, yell, or be happy? "Say something."

"Do you love him?"

Of course she would have to ask that. "We're not together. We're just going to live together and raise the baby as partners. That's all."

Brianna snorted. "You didn't answer my question."

Kiersten hesitated, turning left down her road. "All I know is we had one night together, and now I'm pregnant. And he's ready to be here for me. For us."

"He has feelings for you." Brianna fidgeted with something that sounded like a chip bag. "You know that, right? Real feelings."

Kiersten bit her lip. "He says he doesn't anymore."

"He can say it all he wants. But he cares about you. Just make sure..."

When Brianna didn't finish, Kiersten prompted, "Yeah?"

"Don't break his heart."

Kiersten flinched. Even Brianna knew that they were doomed. Kiersten was no good for Garrett. Look what happened the last time she opened her heart to a man. Her fiance slept with his secretary. No, Chris-and now her baby-were the only ones she could focus on. "I won't. We're keeping it platonic. No feelings involved."

"That's not possible."

"It will be."

Kiersten could practically hear Brianna rolling her eyes. "If you say so. But he likes you. And you don't like him the same way."

"I care about him," she said, shifting in her seat.

"Those are two completely different things."

Brianna said something to Thomas, something that sounded a lot like bed and ten minutes, and she heard Thomas's responding chuckle. A small ping of jealousy shot through Kiersten. She wished that she could have that.

"How do you do it?"

Brianna didn't even ask her what she meant. "Believe it or not, there are happy romantic relationships in this world. I've had two." She sighed. "Thomas doesn't just keep me satisfied in life. He makes me smile when I'm sad. He makes me laugh when I want to scream. And he's there for me no matter what. I mean, I broke his nose the night he proposed to me-and he still wanted to marry me. That's love."

"That's love," Kiersten echoed. She choked on a laugh. She knew that story all too well. "Sometimes, late at night, I think I kind of want that. But then morning comes, and I remember why I don't."

Brianna made a small sound. "Maybe you already have it, minus the broken nose."

"I doubt that." Kiersten pulled into her driveway and looked in her rearview mirror. Garrett parked on the street and hopped out. She didn't have any love in her life from anyone besides her family. If so...wouldn't she know it? "Okay, I have to go."

She could practically hear Brianna's nod. "Promise me you'll think about your feelings without fear? At least consider the possibility you might grow to love him someday?"

"I promise," Kiersten whispered. "Bye."

She hung up without waiting for a reply, and reached for the knob. Garrett beat her to it, opening the door and holding his hand out for her. "Who were you talking to?"

"Brianna."

He nodded. "She knows?"

"She does."

"And?"

"She took it well." Kiersten slid her hand into his and stood. His fingers swept over hers gently, and she wanted to continue to hold his hand. Didn't want to let go. But she slid her hand free and shoved it in her pocket. She tipped her head toward the house. "Now we just have to tell him."

"Right." He dragged his hand through his hair. For a second, he didn't look as confident as he'd been the past week. He looked...scared. "You ready?"

"Yeah." She led the way, making sure she kept her hands in her pockets so they didn't touch him. It was that hard. "Let me do the talking initially. Then you can join in."

"Okay."

They went inside. The sound of the PlayStation filled the living room. "I hear you playing in there. Are you done with your homework?"

"Yeah." The TV paused, and Chris flopped back on the couch. "It's all on the table waiting to be checked."

Garrett stepped in front of her, making himself visible. "Even your math homework?"

"Uh, yeah." Chris looked at Kiersten with his lips pursed. "You brought my teacher home to check on me? I got my grade up to a B. Why are we having a parent/teacher meeting here?"

Kiersten laughed, but it sounded fake even to her ears. "No. It's not a meeting. But we do need to talk."

Chris eyed them both. "O...kay."

"It's nothing about school," Garrett added, sitting down on the couch. He looked entirely uncomfortable and ready to run. "Relax a little bit, bud."

Chris nodded, but still looked nervous. He'd seen Garrett at family events, and he'd even come to a few of Chris's birthday parties before he'd become his coach. But not lately. Every time Garrett had come over, it had been after Chris went to bed. Or when Chris was gone. "What's up, then?"

Kiersten took a deep breath. "You know Coach Garrett and I went to school together, and remained friends afterward. Right?"

"Yeah." He nodded. "In high school, but that was ages ago."

Garrett chuckled. "Easy there, bud. I'm not that old."

"Why are we talking about this with Mr. Kelly?" He gave him a weird look. "Or should I call you Coach Garrett instead?"

"Call him Garrett."

"Garrett?" Chris looked between them with wide eyes. "Why?"

Kiersten cleared her throat. "Well..."

Chris paled. "Please tell me you're not dating. That would be gross. What would my friends say?"

"No," Kiersten said.

"Yes," Garrett said.

They both froze and looked at the other. Crap. They were screwing this whole thing up, and Chris's face was turning red. "It's complicated," Kiersten finally said.

Chris leaned forward, his eyes on Kiersten. "You've got to be kidding me. This isn't happening."

Garrett white-knuckled his knees. "Nope. Not kidding. And there's more."

"More?" Chris turned on Garrett, his whole body tense. "So you're not dating, but you are...and I'm supposed to call you Garrett now? And there's still more?"

Kiersten flinched and answered for Garrett. He was way out of his league right now, and she knew it. "Right."

Chris raised his brows. He looked like his mother when he did that. She rubbed her chest where the hollow ache always seemed to be when she thought of Sue. "Okay. What is it?"

When Kiersten froze up again, Garrett sighed. "Look, bud. You're mom's having a baby, and I'm moving in."

Kiersten gasped. He couldn't just blurt out something like that without warning. It was huge news. You had to work up to it. Make a few tries before you found the perfect way to say those words. Chris could get upset and-

Chris shrugged. "Okay."

"Okay?" Kiersten rubbed her eyes. "That's it? Okay?"

"What did you expect?" Chris lurched to his feet. "It's not like you can take away what you did. You slept with my freaking coach, and now I'm going to be a big brother. Hey, my friends will laugh at me and accuse me of getting played in the game because of Garrett, but whatever. As long as you're happy."

Kiersten winced. Yeah. He wasn't okay. "Don't be mad. It wasn't planned. It just kind of happened."

"Really?" He clenched his fists, looking far too old for his years. "I took sex ed. I know how it happened, and it takes two to get jiggy. It's not an accident, so don't say it was."

Garrett stood up, too. "Sometimes, adults do things they don't think through all the way. Just like kids."

"Yeah, well." Chris spun on him, his arms akimbo. "I wish you two would have thought this one through. And what it meant to me."

"I know. I'm sorry," Kiersten said, grabbing Chris's shoulders and pulling him close. She latched gazes with Garrett over Chris's head. "But Garrett is going to move in now. We'll be like a...like a family."

"A family?" Chris pulled free. "You mean like we were supposed to be with Pete? That worked out really well."

"Yeah." Garrett paced in front of them, biting his thumbnail. "But minus the leaving part. Chris...I'll be here for you and your mom. And for the baby, too. I promise. Anything you need, I'll be here."

"I need you to turn back the clock, keep your hands off of my mom, and stay out of my house," Chris snarled. "Can you give me that?"

Kiersten's eyes went wide. She'd never heard him so angry before. "Chris!"

"It's okay. He's mad." Garrett held up his hand. "But I'm not going anywhere. And you're going to have to accept that I care about both you and your mom."

Chris seemed to deflate. He sank down on the couch and flopped back dramatically. "Are you two getting married?"

"No." Kiersten sat beside him and rested her hand on his knee. "But we'll still be a family, even without a piece of paper to make it official."

Chris's knee relaxed under her hand. "I guess it's kind of cool, as long as my friends don't make fun of me." He gave a little shrug. "I've always wanted to be a big brother."

Her heart clenched. He wanted to be a brother. She hadn't even known that about him. And the way he always saw reason once he calmed down and thought about whatever had upset him in the first place never failed to impress her. In fact, he reminded her of Mike in that way. They shared the same temperament. A big, heavy weight lifted off of her shoulders. She could do this. "Well, now you will be."

He hesitated. "Do you know what it is yet?"

"No. Not yet. That's not until..." She broke off, realizing she had no clue when that was. She had a doctor's appointment next week, but she doubted she would find out then. Did she even want to find out, or did she want to wait?

Garrett swooped in. "The fifth month. Twenty weeks. If we find out then."

That was right around the corner. Holy crap.

"Cool." Chris nodded, but was still avoiding Garrett's gaze. "Can we stop talking about this now? I want to play my game again."

"S-Sure."

He un-paused his game and went back to ignoring them, even if he did grip the remote too tightly. She wanted to press him some more, make sure he was really okay, but she sensed he needed time. Time and space. He was a lot like her in that respect. Kiersten motioned for Garrett to follow her upstairs. Once they were alone, she leaned against her closed bedroom door and took a shaky breath.

Garrett grinned and leaned next to her. "That went well, huh?"

She laughed somewhat hysterically. "Yeah, I think so. But he's still mad."

Garrett nodded. "Yeah, but I think he'll be okay."

"I don't know." She shook her head, because she really didn't know. "This is all such a freaking mess."

Garrett pulled her against his body and hugged her close. "It'll be okay. You'll see."

"Garrett..."

She placed her hands on his chest. She should push him away. Send him back to his apartment for the last night he'd live there. But instead, she curled her fists into his shirt and tugged him closer. He flexed his fingers in her hair, and his other hand fell to her waist. His lids dropped, and he stared at her mouth as if he were starving for her.

As much as she was starving for him.

She tilted her chin up, and he was on her, his mouth devouring hers. Their tongues intertwined, and she clung to him as if he was the only thing keeping her on Earth. As if she couldn't stand without him. And she was starting to fear she couldn't. Even though she kept trying to push him away, it seemed he kept getting closer and closer. He was like a knight hammering a door with a battering ram. The door would break eventually...and then what would happen?

She would be completely vulnerable.

His hands swept over her hips and he hauled her against his body, her belly brushing against his hard erection. She moaned into his mouth and cupped his butt. He grinded up against her and lifted her until her back was against the door. She wrapped her legs around him, and he groaned when he pressed against her heat. Reaching down, she yanked his shirt over his head, breaking contact with his lips for as long as it took to rip his shirt off of him. Then she was kissing him again, even hungrier for him than she'd been moments before.

"Fuck," he growled, his fingers scraping down her thigh and creeping toward her core. When his fingers brushed her inner thigh, he stopped. His harsh breathing filled the silence of the room. "We can't do this. Not like this."

Her heart stumbled to a stop, and then sped up painfully. He was right. They couldn't do this. What had she been thinking? That's exactly the problem. She hadn't been thinking. She'd been feeling. And feelings were...God, she had been over this enough times. They were stupid. That's what. "Put me down," she whispered, letting go of him.

He gently set her on her feet and then stepped back, running his hands down his face. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that."

She swallowed hard. He'd actually meant it. He was done with her. He didn't want her anymore. If he did, then he wouldn't have stopped. They'd be having sex right now, and he'd be buried inside of her where he belonged.

Except he didn't want to belong there anymore.

"It's okay," she managed to say through her clogged throat. "It's not a big deal."

"Of course not." He shot her a hard look she couldn't read, then grabbed his shirt and yanked it over his head. "It never is, is it?"

"Never." She hugged herself and averted her eyes. Trying to insert a light tone into her hollow voice, she said, "You should go home now. It might be Friday night, but you should go to bed early. Big day tomorrow."

He stood there for a minute, looking as if he wanted to say something to her. She held her breath, waiting for him to open his mouth and say something that would show her he didn't want to be apart. Something to indicate he still wanted her, like Brianna said he did.

"Okay. See you tomorrow."

She finally looked back at him, then wished she hadn't. He looked so confused and lost. And sad. That one hurt the most. "Yep. I'll be here. Working."

"On a Saturday?"

"Yeah." She shrugged. "Deadlines. I've got three books due back to the authors by the end of next week."

"Okay. I'll try to be quiet." He opened his mouth, closed it, and then nodded. "Bye."

He turned on his heel and walked out of her room. And once again, she wanted to chase after him...and yet push him away at the same time.

Chapter Eight

The next morning, Garrett paused on the threshold of his new house and took a calming breath. Today was the day he moved in with Kiersten. The day he could start trying to win her over. But if he wanted to do that? He needed to keep his hands to himself, or he would lose the battle before he'd even begun. He couldn't kiss her. Couldn't forget his role in this new family of his. If he won her heart, he wanted to do it the right way. Through his actions...not through the bedroom.

He wouldn't fight dirty.

No matter how hard it was to keep his hands to himself around her. And man, it was hard. He pulled his key out of his pocket and unlocked the door. Chris was sitting on the couch playing PlayStation, and Kiersten was nowhere to be found. She was probably at her desk, which was now in her bedroom. He was getting her former office, and the other room would be for their baby.

Their baby. Even thinking it made him tremble. He still couldn't quite wrap his head around the fact that he'd gotten Kiersten pregnant. That they'd made a life with their one night together.

He walked into the living room. He hesitated at the threshold, uncertain how the boy would react to him after last night. "So, this is how you spend Saturday mornings?"

"Yeah. Pretty much." Chris paused the game but didn't put the controller down. "You gonna keep talking to me, or are we done?"

Garrett sighed. "Yeah. I'd like to talk for a minute. I'm waiting for your uncle."

"Gotcha." Chris set the controller down on the table. "So, this is the day, huh?"

Garrett nodded. "Whatcha playing?"

"Call of Duty. Zach's online with me." Chris looked at him. "You play?"

"I do. I have a bunch of other games, too." He shrugged, trying to look as if Chris's answer didn't matter. "You can play them if you want."

Chris hesitated, torn between his desire to look mad and his interest in the games. "Got the new NBA one?"

Garrett snorted. "Of course I do. I preordered it months ago."

Chris's eyes lit up. "Sweet."

"Yeah." He rubbed his head. "Maybe we can play together. You know, once I'm moved in."

Chris looked away from him. "Yeah. Maybe."

He picked the controller back up and resumed playing. Garrett walked away, feeling a little bit more confident of his welcome here. Well, with Chris, anyway.

"You're here," Kiersten said, coming down the stairs. She looked gorgeous and fresh faced, even though she just wore yoga pants and a pink T-shirt that said, Warning: I'm an editor. "I thought I heard the door open."

"Yeah." He tossed his keys back and forth in his hands, feeling like an idiot for standing there looking up at her with nothing to say. Things were so damn awkward between them now. Apparently getting your friend pregnant messed things up. Go figure. "You can keep working. I brought reinforcements to help."

He pointed over his shoulder just as Mike pulled up into the driveway. She looked outside, then nodded. "Right. I'll, uh, get out of the way."

She stared at him for another second, then headed back up the stairs. He watched her go, then called out, "Kiersten?"

She stopped, her hand gripping the banister. "Yeah?"

"This'll get less weird, right?"

She gave a soft laugh, turning back to him. "My God, I hope so. Because we're about to be around each other every day."

"Yeah, we are. Morning and night." Sounded like heaven to him. "So we might as well stop being so weird around each other. You're pregnant. It happens all the time to people all over the world. Right?"

She cocked her head and blinked at him. He loved when she did that. It made her look adorably elfin. "I think most of them are couples. Or if they're not, then they don't move in together."

"Do you want to be in a relationship?" He climbed the stairs, holding his breath.

Her gaze skated away from his. "I think we should stick to the plan." She hesitated, looking back his way. When her eyes met his, his stomach twisted. For once, she looked uncertain. "Don't you?"

He covered her hand with his, squeezing gently. "I think I'd love to be everything to you-if you wanted all of me. And could give me all of you. Otherwise, I can't be anything except our baby's father, and your friend."

She bit down hard on her lip, nodded, and fled away from him. The sound of her door shutting upstairs made him flinch.

"So, guess that was a no?" he asked quietly, to no one in particular.

"Give it time. She's starting to cave," Mike said, his voice soft. "I can see it."

Garrett jumped. He hadn't heard Mike come in. "I highly doubt that."

"Did you see the look in her eyes?"

"The panic and fear, mixed with the desire to flee?" he drawled. "Yeah, I saw it."

Mike snorted. "Behind that. There was...uncertainty. That hadn't been there before."

"Since when are you the Oprah Winfrey of Vegas?"

"She retired." Mike smirked. "Someone had to take her place, and I look damned good in heels."

"TMI, dude. TMI."

Mike laughed. "At least I'm not having a baby with your sister. I didn't need to know everything worked down...there."

Garrett ignored him and looked up the stairs, contemplating what Mike had said. Was it true? Was she starting to cave? If so, he hoped she would hurry up. Because if she didn't give in soon...he just might break.

"All right, let's get this stuff going." He hopped down the stairs, his heart a little bit lighter than it had been moments before. "My room is her old office."

"Got it." Mike followed him outside. "And the baby will be...in the closet?"

Garrett grinned. "In the spare room, douche. Now let's go get this place filled up with my junk."

"Yeah, most of it is definitely junk," Mike said, clapping him on the shoulder. "But, hey. Welcome home."

Home. He'd finally, finally found a home. Their situation might be a little awkward...

But it felt pretty damn amazing, even so.

...

When Garrett flopped down on the couch beside her, Kiersten scooted over as far away from him as she could get. As if that would keep her safe or something. Chris was in bed, and it was just the two of them. All afternoon long, she'd watched him carry box after box up the stairs to his new room, and tried not to get all excited at the sheer determination he showed in being a part of her life...even before the baby came.

"Damn," he moaned, laying his head back on the couch and closing his eyes. She took advantage of his closed eyes to look her fill. "I don't think I even have enough energy left to shower."

His bare chest was covered in a thin sheen of sweat, and she longed to help him shower and wash it all off. Then, after they made love, he could hold her all night long, and never let her go. She snapped herself out of her fantasy and back into reality. She preferred the fantasy, thank you very much. "Yeah, you look pretty tired," she agreed.

"I'm f**king beat."

"I'm not, since you didn't let me help," she said. "You realize I'm pregnant, not useless, right?"

"Of course you're not useless. You're making a baby as we speak," he said, grinning at her as he shot her a look out of the corner of his eye. "My baby girl."

She touched her gently rounded stomach, in turn feeling her heartstrings tug. Damn her heart. But the way he'd said my baby girl sent waves of pleasure rolling through her-and not the kind she usually felt. No, it made her want to curl up in his lap and hug him. Tell him all of her fears, hopes, and dreams. Trust him. She cleared her throat and met his eyes, taken aback at the new feelings she was experiencing. Maybe it was the pregnancy hormones? "It could be a boy, too."

"Could be, but it's not. She's a girl, and she's gonna look just like her mommy. Adorable and irresistible."

His gaze dropped to her stomach, and his fingers twitched as if he wanted to touch her. But he held himself back this time. Why? "You can touch him if you want."

He grinned and reached out, his eyes lit up like a kid on Christmas morning. He laid his hands on her stomach, his touch gentle and barely there. "She's perfect."

Kiersten swallowed and looked away, warmed by the tender look in his eyes. Could he be any sweeter than he already was? She could only hope the child took after him when it came to the emotional part of his genetic make-up. Not screwed up in the head like her.

"Turn around. I'll rub your shoulders for you."

He stared at her, the warmth in his eyes turning to fire and his hands still on her. "I'm not sure that's a good idea."

"I promise I won't do anything to sacrifice your virtue." When he still didn't move, she narrowed her eyes and spun her finger in a circle. "Spin. Now."

He huffed out a breath and followed her order. She closed her fingers over his tight, damp shoulders and rubbed. He groaned and let his head drop forward, his entire body going lax. "Jesus, that feels amazing."

"I know." She grinned. "I'm good at this."

"If I knew that, I'd have been begging for them every time we hung out."

"I couldn't let you know. It's my best kept secret."

He chuckled. "I'll take it to the grave."

And he would. She knew that. She could trust him. He would never-

Wait. What had she just thought? She could trust him. If she could trust him with something so trivial as a secret, without a doubt in her mind, why couldn't she trust him enough to try to be his girlfriend? To try to be in a relationship? Yeah, Pete had f**ked her up. No, her life had f**ked her up. But there had been one thing constant through all of the heartache, betrayals, and tears.

Garrett.

Always Garrett.

Didn't she owe it to him to be the same? To try to be what he wanted her to be?

Her hands must have stilled. He looked at her over his shoulder, his brow furrowed, and started to turn back around. "You okay?"

"Stay there." She resumed rubbing, and clucked her tongue. "Yeah. I'm fine. Sorry. Just got lost in thought."

"Care to share?"

"Yeah, maybe someday." Without thinking, she asked, "Why did you want to move in with me, really?"

Oh, God. Did she really just ask him that? Talk about opening a can of worms. She knew-because he was a great guy. A guy who deserved someone that was much better than her. A guy who deserved love.

He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Because I-I-"

The doorbell rang and Kiersten hopped to her feet to open it. Saved by the bell. Her neighbor, Ellie, stood outside with a package. "The mailman delivered your stuff to my house again. Sometimes I wonder about that guy, even if he is ridiculously hot."

"Oh, thanks," Kiersten mumbled, hugging the package close to her chest. She stayed mum on the topic of the hot mailman.

"What was with the moving truck?" Ellie asked. "You're not leaving, are you?"

"She's not. That would be my truck," Garrett said from behind Kiersten. Holding his hand out, he smiled and said, "I'm Garrett, Kiersten's new...roommate."

Ouch. That hurt. She had thought maybe...that maybe he would introduce himself differently. As more than her roommate.

"Oh." Ellie blushed, her gaze dropping to Garrett's bare chest before she shook his hand. Kiersten's heart dropped to her stomach as she watched the newly divorced Ellie size up Garrett. And Garrett, the jerk that he was, ate it all up. "Nice to meet you. Roommates, huh? How do you two know-?"

"Thanks for the package." Kiersten slammed the door in the face of her friend, and glowered at Garrett. He, in turn, looked at her as if she'd sprouted two heads. "What? Stop looking at me like that."

He raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest. "Okay, I'll bite. What the hell was that all about?"

"You were flirting with her," she accused. "Right in front of me."

"I was not. I told her my name and shook her hand," Garrett argued. "How is that flirting?"

Then he cocked his head and studied her, and she knew instantly what a mistake she had just made. He'd think she was jealous. Which she wasn't-why would she be jealous? Women had been swooning over Garrett for years and it had never bothered her before.

"You know what? You're right. I don't know what that was," she said quickly, waving a hand in the air. She hoped he would take the hint and drop the subject. As she passed him, she fanned her cheeks. "Man, it's hot in here, huh?"

"Oh, no you don't." He captured her elbow, his touch burning her skin. "Not so quick, there." He grinned, his eyes alight at her obvious attempt to distract him. "You're jealous, aren't you? Admit it."

"I...I'm not," she managed. "It must just be the hormones. Does it say anything about that in your little book?"

"There can be mood swings, yes," he said slowly, dropping his hold on her. Was that...disappointment in his voice? It made her want to tell him that hell yeah she was jealous. Because she was. It was stupid...but she was. "But is there something else bothering you? It seemed like you were upset."

She backed away from him, needing the distance. Should she take a chance and tell him she was starting to think about wanting more from him? Tell him she wanted to maybe try? The mere thought of opening herself up like that was terrifying. "Y-Yes."

"Okay." He waited, and when she didn't speak he motioned her onward with his hand. "...and it is?"

"I'm..." Nope. Not ready. "I'm tired," she blurted out, skirting away from him. "I need to go to bed now."

"So go to sleep. I'll be fine on my own," he said. "I don't need a babysitter."

She wiped her hands on her jeans and stepped closer. "Are you sure this whole living together thing is going to work out?"

"I'm sure we'll be fine." He shrugged and walked to the couch. "You're worrying too much. The hard part's done. Now we just have to raise a baby."

She snorted. "Right. Of course."

"I've heard it's quite simple."

This time she laughed. She couldn't help it. "Like raising a plant. Feed it and water it."

He rested his arm over the back of the couch and looked at her seriously. If not for the dancing light in his eyes, the effect would have worked. "Should we be worried that I've killed every single plant I've ever touched?"

"Nah. How hard can it be?"

He chuckled. "Now you're talking."

She forced a smile. "Well, I'm going to go to bed now. Alone."

"Yeah. I figured." He gave her an odd look. "Good night."

"Night," she mumbled, climbing the stairs to her lonely bed.

"Wait a second," he called out. She froze mid-step and waited. "Why did you let me move in?"

She turned around, surprised to find him directly behind her. When had he moved? "What?"

He stepped even closer, filling her senses with his nearness. "Why did you let me come here?"

"Because you said it would be best for Chris."

"Bullshit." He leaned closer, his eyes locked on hers. "If you didn't want me here, I wouldn't be here. So what's the real reason?"

She flinched. He was right. That was a cop-out answer. She should have known it wouldn't work on him. "Honestly?" Her breath caught in her throat, and something about the way he looked at her compelled her to honesty for once. She couldn't give some lighthearted, teasing answer. Only the complete truth would do. He deserved it. "Because you're my friend. I care about you. You...you're part of my life."

Satisfaction crossed his features and he stepped back, dropping his hand back to his side. "Quite the pair we are, huh? Can't stay away from each other."

Why should we?

It was on the tip of her tongue, but she swallowed it back. She needed more time to think about what she wanted. Nothing good came out of impulsive behavior. Just look at what happened a few months ago.

She covered her belly with her hand. No, that wasn't fair. She couldn't call her baby something "not good." She might not have been expecting a child, but she didn't regret it, either. She already loved the baby. How could something so precious be a mistake?

She swallowed and forced a smile to her face. "Yeah, we're pretty messed up."

"At least we get to be messed up together," he breathed, stepping around her to climb the stairs. "I'm going to go shower and hit the rack."

"'Night."

"Good night," he called over his shoulder.

She closed her eyes and imagined herself following him up the stairs. In her fantasy, they went into the same room. They joked while he showered and they brushed their teeth. Then? They curled up in bed together and he held her throughout the night. Kept her safe.

The door to his bedroom shut, and she sighed.

Then she climbed the stairs to her empty bed in her lonely room. It looked too big for one person. She wished he would stop leaving her alone. Wished he would press her harder until she finally caved and let him in. But more importantly? She wished she wasn't so scared to take that step herself.

She curled up on the bed, hugging her pillow tight to her chest. It was going to be one hell of a long, sleepless night.

Chapter Nine

A week later, Garrett cranked the Allen wrench harder, sweat pouring down his face and stinging his eyes. Earlier tonight, he'd been digging around in the spare bedroom and had found a white crib, still in the box, shoved in the back of the closet. He, like the genius he was, decided it would be a good idea to put it together to surprise Kiersten. At ten o'clock at night.

Yeah. Fucking genius.

He blinked a few times, wincing at the blurring of his vision. Shit, he was having a hard enough time putting this damn crib together as it was. Now, he couldn't even see.

Maybe he should have followed his instincts and ignored the damn thing. Kiersten would probably get mad at him for putting it together without her and their tenuous peace would be ruined-all because he'd been the fool who decided to try to build a crib.

He flung the Allen wrench to the floor and picked up his discarded shirt. Swiping it over his eyes, he leaned against the wall and took a swig of water. Who would have thought it would be so hard to do? Hell, he'd built a damned deck in half the time it was taking him to do this. There was something seriously wrong with that.

Maybe he was in over his head, in more ways than one. Kiersten kept pushing him away. He was starting to worry that he'd made a mistake in insisting he move in. It had only been a short time, but already he felt out of place and out of sanctuary. The guys at work were constantly asking him questions he couldn't answer.

When were they getting married?

When was the baby due?

What was the baby's name going to be?

What did Mike say?

He didn't know, damn it. Didn't know a single thing except that he was here-and he wasn't going anywhere. He used to go home to lick his wounds after a rough day at the school. Now, he came home to a family.

A shadow fell on him and he lifted his head. Kiersten stood there wearing nothing more than an oversized shirt. Did she have shorts on underneath it? God, he hoped so for his own sanity.

Or maybe he hoped she didn't.

No. Shorts on. Definitely on. "Sorry if I woke you up," he said, scratching the back of his head. "This was supposed to be a surprise."

She grasped the doorframe. "You...you're building the crib? Already?"

"Yeah." He shrugged, feeling like a complete idiot. They had months until this thing needed to be ready. "I saw it in the closet and I just couldn't resist."

"I couldn't resist buying it." She stepped closer, her eyes on his. Now she was going to tell him he should have waited. Should have let her do it. She didn't like people swooping in and taking charge like he'd done. He knew that. "You're really something else. You know that, right?"

"Uh..." He swallowed hard. She was looking at him in a way that he'd only ever seen her do in his imagination. Looking at him as if she needed him in her life. By her side. "I've been told that a few times. Usually not in a good manner. I can take it apart. I messed it up anyway."

She sank to her knees and rested her hands on his shoulders. "Don't. I like that you...that you did this. It's sweet."

He gulped in a deep breath. Her proximity was so tempting it physically hurt to hold himself back. His muscles ached with the strain to stay completely still. "You do?"

She leaned close, brushing her lips across his cheek. He smelled her toothpaste and something that reminded him of spring flowers. Her hair was damp, so he could only guess it was her shampoo. His fingers twitched with the desire to bury themselves in her locks and pull her closer so he could see if he was right.

"I do," she breathed as she pulled away from him. "And I like you. You know that, right?"

Like. Such a tepid word. He gave a soft laugh. "That's good to know. Otherwise, the rest of our lives might be a little bit tricky."

Her face went pale, and she scooted even farther away from him. She didn't like the reminder that she was stuck with him for the next fifty or so years. He couldn't say her actions surprised him...but it didn't mean the rejection didn't sting.

"It's kind of crazy when you talk about us in that way," she said, smoothing her bangs behind her ears. "We had one night together...and now we'll be together as parents...forever."

So why couldn't they give it a go, then? Why couldn't they try a relationship, and see how it went? No matter what they did, they were stuck together. Why not be stuck together, while being together? "Well, having a kid kind of does that even when you're not together together."

"What if you get married someday?"

He cocked his head. The only woman he could picture marrying was sitting right in front of him, but her failed engagement with Pete had killed that possibility. "What if you do?"

She snorted. "Yeah. So not going to happen."

"Ever?"

"Ever." She hesitated, her eyes flitting to his before she picked up the instructions. "I tried that once. Look what it got me. And Chris was devastated. I won't do that again. We have you. Why do we need anyone else?"

"Pete was an ass." Garrett picked up the Allen wrench and started working on the crib again. Anything to keep his hands busy. Idle hands meant temptation to touch. "You can't judge every man by the actions of one."

"You make it sound so easy." She handed him a piece of wood. He checked the instructions to make sure it was the right one. It was. "But it's not."

"Why not?" he asked.

When she stiffened, he remembered saying those very words to her right before they made love. He glanced up at her and stopped breathing. She was looking at him like she needed him again, only this time she needed something a bit more elemental. He ignored the answering surge of lust within him.

She licked her lips and looked down at the instructions again. "When your heart is broken, it's not easy to just tape it back together and move on. Especially when you have a kid."

Garrett flinched and finished torqueing in the nut. "I know."

She picked up another, identical piece of wood and handed it off to him. Damn, she was good at this. Better than he was. "Did you ever have your heart broken?"

Not until her. He hadn't gotten close enough to anyone for his heart to be on the line. But if anyone had ever near it, it would be Kiersten. That one night together had hurt, and it hadn't stopped hurting yet. "Yeah. Sure. Once or twice."

"Then you know how stupid you can be when it comes to love." She blew out a breath. "Even knowing I was probably making a mistake, I let Pete get to me. I even thought that maybe I was wrong. That love was pure and good and could heal all things. Brianna had found it once. Maybe I could, too."

"And then he pulled a dick move and cheated on you." He spun the wrench tighter than necessary. The prick needed another ass whooping. Garrett might have already given him one the night he heard the news. And he might have fractured his hand punching the dickhead in the jaw. But it had been worth it.

Hypothetically.

"Yeah." She traced the curve of the crib leg. "Brianna found Thomas, and got married again. And I got...well, pregnant." She laughed, but it sounded forced. She looked away from him, but didn't say anything, then picked up another piece of the crib. The pile was getting a lot smaller. "Here you go."

"Thanks." Their fingers brushed, and they looked up at each other in surprise. Was that an answering need he saw within her eyes? "You're good at this. Where did you learn how to build furniture?"

"Mike." She grinned, and the moment between them passed, which was probably a good thing. He probably shouldn't be throwing her on the nursery floor and f**king her next to the unfinished crib. "He said if I was going to be an old maid, I needed to know how to take care of myself."

Garrett chuckled. "You'll never be an old maid. You're too pretty."

"If you say so," she said skeptically, her brow quirked. She handed him a nut. "You forgot to do the middle one."

He looked down. Damn it, he had. "Oops."

As he twisted the wrench, he came to a scary conclusion. She really didn't need him at all. She could have probably built this crib on her own-and faster, to boot. She already knew how to be a single mother, and was damn good at it. What did he bring to the table here? What could he possibly offer her that she didn't already have?

Love.

That's all he could ever give her, and she didn't even want it.

She nudged him with her elbow. "What's wrong? Forget how to twist a wrench?"

He forced a laugh and took the next piece from her. There were only three pieces left. "No, but I have to stand it up now."

"I'll help," she said, starting to rise.

"No, don't even think about touching something heavy." He frowned at her as he set down the Allen wrench. "I've got it."

She pursed her lips, and a flash of irritation lit up her eyes. "It's going to be a long nine months if you keep up this crap the whole time."

"Maybe." He leapt to his feet and made quick work of standing it upright. "But when I'm here, I do the heavy lifting for you. You can supervise."

She rolled her eyes. "That's both adorable and annoying at the same time."

"That's me." He took the nut from her and fastened it. "You can put it on my tombstone when I die. 'Here lies Garrett Kelley. Loving Father. Both adorable and annoying at the same time.' It has a certain ring to it, don't you think?"

"Don't say that," she said, her voice raw.

"Say what?" When he turned back to her, his grin faded. "Hey, what's wrong?"

She frowned. "I lost a sister, Garrett. And a brother-in-law. I know what losing someone is like and I don't even want to think about you dying. Or about your funeral."

He realized how insensitive he'd been. He knew better than to joke about something like that to Kiersten. He dropped the wrench and hauled her to her feet and into his arms. "I'm sorry. I'm not going anywhere."

"I bet Michael thought that, too," she said, her voice sad. "But he died right after Katelyn was born."

He flinched. "That's not going to happen to us."

"How do you know?" She pulled back and looked up at him with shining eyes. "How can you be so sure? If you died, I...I...God, I don't know what I would do. I can't even picture it."

When she shuddered and laid her head on his shoulder, his arms flexed around her. "You won't have to. I'm a lot harder to get rid of than that," he said, tilting her face up to his with his finger under her chin. "Just look at me. I'm here, building a crib in your house, annoying you at ten-thirty at night."

She laughed. He couldn't help but get a small thrill when she didn't immediately move away from him. "If I wanted to get rid of you, I would."

That was the closest she had ever come to admitting she liked having him here. It might be a tiny victory, but it was a victory nonetheless. "Ready to finish this crib?"

She nodded and moved out of his arms. "Yep. Here's the next piece."

He took the wood, and they worked in companionable silence until the crib was complete. When they finished, they both stood back and looked at their handiwork. "Not too bad, huh?"

She nodded. "It looks good."

He nudged her. "Are you sure? I can take it apart if you want."

She put her hands on her hips. "You even think about it, and I'll dropkick your ass all the way to your room."

He held his hands up. "Okay. It stays."

"Damn right it does."

"See? We make a good team. Who needs a slip of paper when you've got this?" He threw an arm around her, and she snuggled in close. "Next, we'll have to decide what color paint to use."

"I hadn't even thought of that." She scrunched up her nose. "Do we want to find out what it is ahead of time, or wait?"

"That's up to you, I say." He ran his hand over her belly, then let it drop. She didn't tense up at his touch. "You're carrying her. So you decide."

"Hm." She picked up an empty bag and threw it away. "I think I want it to be a surprise. It might be good for me to accept that I can't control everything in my life."

"Okay." He blinked at her in surprise. She never wanted to be out of control. He would rather find out, but he'd meant what he said. It was her choice. "So yellow or green it is."

"Yeah. Maybe." She stole a peek at him, then yawned. "Yellow, I think. Really light."

"That sounds nice," he said. He made a mental note to remember that. "I bet she will like that."

"Yeah. He might."

He grinned. "We'll give the baby a complex already."

"Might as well get a head start." She yawned again. "And now I'm ready for bed."

He scratched his head, his eyes on the newly assembled crib. It made the baby feel so more real to him. Funny, he'd been teasing her about that very sentiment a few weeks ago. Or had it only been days? Shit if he knew. "Yeah. Me too."

"Garrett?" She grabbed his hand and squeezed it, but didn't look at him. Her eyes were on the crib, too.

"Yeah?"

"Thank you." She finally turned to him. "I really mean it. For everything. You've made this whole situation so much easier than it might have been. If not for you...I'd be lost."

His heart raced. "If you get lost, I'll just have to find you."

"You know what?" She dropped his hand and headed for the door. When she reached the hallway, she turned back to him, her face open and vulnerable. "I think I might actually believe you."

She went to her bedroom, and he stood there staring after her. His sign had come to him tonight. He was where he belonged. Where Kiersten needed him.

And she didn't want him to leave.

Chapter Ten

"Chris, did you finish your math homework?" Kiersten called out, drying her hands on a dishrag. Tossing the dirty cloth in a basket, she headed into the dining room where Chris always did his homework. "Just because your teacher lives with us now doesn't mean you don't have to study."

"I know," he said.

"See here?" Garrett pointed at the paper Chris was bent over. "This is where you went wrong. Remember in class how we talked about variables?"

Chris let out a frustrated breath. "Yeah..."

"Well, you missed one completely. Look again," Garrett urged.

Chris nibbled on the end of his pencil, eyebrows furrowed. Garrett waited patiently, the picture perfect example of a loving father-except he wasn't his father. Hell, she wasn't even his mother.

Chris had adjusted to having Garrett around quite quickly. It became obvious to her that Chris had hungered for a father figure more than he'd let on. Garrett had given Chris what she hadn't even known Chris had been missing. Yet another thing for her to admire about him. The list kept getting longer and longer.

She sat down on the other side of Chris and studied the problem he worked on.

Yep, gibberish.

"Wait, I think I see it," Chris said, pointing at the paper and then glancing at Garrett. "Here, right? It should be a six."

"Excellent," Garrett said, slapping Chris on the back. "Great job."

Chris didn't even crack a smile. "Yeah. I get it now. You can go back to whatever you were doing before. I'm done now, I think."

"I'll be over here doing the dishes if you see anything else wrong."

"All right." Chris finished the problem and leaned back in his chair, shooting both of them an oddly adult-like look. "So, do I get to call you Garrett at school now? Since you're basically my stepdad?"

"No." Garrett grinned. "But nice try."

"Why don't you two share a room? Or become a real couple? I mean, you must've liked each other enough to, well, ya know." His lips pursed. "I don't get it. Why lie?"

Kiersten almost fell off the stool. Hello, subject change. "Uh..."

"We're not that kind of couple," Garrett said. "That's all. We're better off as friends."

"But why? You're having a baby. Living here. But in different rooms?" Chris studied them both, his nose crinkled up. "It's even weirder than Modern Family. What will my friends say if they found out? What if they come over and see you two in different rooms? It's weird."

Kiersten looked at Garrett with a sense of panic creeping up her spine. "It might be weird, but it's who we are now."

"I won't be shocked if you at least share a room. I am thirteen, you know," Chris said. "I'd prefer normal to...this."

"Well, we're not together, so we can't," Kiersten explained, smoothing her hair. It was the first time she had seen her commitment issues through Chris's eye, and the experience was unsettling. "We're going to live together and raise the baby together, but we're not a couple."

Garrett nodded. "We're excellent friends, so we're making it work this way."

"Well, that sounds dumb," Chris said, looking first at Kiersten, and then at Garrett. "Why can't you just be a couple like normal people? Or he can live somewhere else, if you can't do that."

Kiersten paled, her heart wrenching at his oh-so-simple, yet painful, request. Lately, she'd been wondering the same thing. Why couldn't she let him into her life as more than a friend? "I-we...you see, we're just not there."

And probably never would be because of her.

Garrett looked away from her, his jaw tight. "Sometimes, no matter how much you care about someone, it just doesn't work."

"If you say so." Chris nodded, but looked at them both with doubt clear in his eyes. "So are you two going to date other people, or what?"

Man, the kid was full of questions tonight. Questions she had been doing her best to avoid. "Maybe," Kiersten said.

"No," Garrett replied at the same time.

Chris shook his head. "You two are confusing. I'm gonna go watch How I Met Your Mother, and then take a shower." He motioned between them with his finger. "You two need to get your act together."

Kiersten choked on a laugh. "I feel like I'm the kid here."

"You're acting like it," Chris said, sounding way too old for his years. "But anyway, are you coming?"

She swallowed hard. "Yeah. Pause it for me so I don't miss it, okay?"

"Sure," Chris agreed. Turning to Garrett, he hesitated. "Do you like that show?"

"Yeah, I love it. Barney reminds me of your Uncle Mike."

Chris gave a small laugh. "Yeah, I can see that. If he's Barney, then you're Ted."

Kiersten tried not to crack up-but failed. Yeah, if Garrett matched anyone's personality on that show...it would definitely be Ted. Always the optimistic man, looking for love and happiness.

Garrett arched a brow. "And what would that make your mom? Lilly?"

"No," Chris said. "Definitely Robin. She doesn't like love and relationships any more than Robin does."

Kiersten looked away. She had known she wasn't the easiest person to get close to but she never thought how that might make her appear to Chris. He headed into the living room and Kiersten stood with her back to Garrett.

He came up behind her, close enough she could feel him but not touching. "What's wrong?"

"My nephew thinks I'm an emotionally scarred failure," she said. She turned around and came face to face with his chest. He was that close. She fought the urge to back away from him again. "And he's right. I'm Robin."

Garrett grunted. "Oh, honey, you can't get upset over him calling you Robin. You're a loving, smart, magnificent woman who I..." He broke off, clamping his jaw. "...I admire. And when we-"

Kiersten pressed a finger to his mouth. "Don't say anything else. Just meet me in my room later tonight, after he goes to bed. We need to talk about some stuff in private."

Chris was right. She needed to step up and stop being so damn scared. She needed to put herself out there again, and trust in Garrett enough to believe he wouldn't hurt her like Pete had. It couldn't be that hard...could it?

"Okay." Garrett pressed his lips together, stepping away from her. She immediately missed his warmth. She could tell he was nervous about what she had to say to him. With reason, since she usually pushed him away. For once, she was determined to pull him closer. Chris deserved better from her-and so did Garrett. "Ready to go watch the show?"

"Sure," Kiersten agreed, following him into the living room.

All throughout the show, she plastered a smile on and laughed at the appropriate moments, but didn't hear a single joke. Instead, she couldn't shake the feeling that, not too far from now, she might push Garrett away so far that he would never come back. That idea terrified her more than she cared to admit.

By the time the show was finished, she was a ball of nerves. Garrett kept stealing little glances at her, his brow creased. Once Chris went up to shower, he turned to her. "Let's talk now. The waiting is killing me. What's wrong? Is this about what Chris said earlier?"

She flinched at his hard tone. He was expecting the worst out of her and she didn't blame him one bit. Even after deciding to let him closer no more than a few minutes ago, she already doubted that choice. Doubted herself and her stupid feelings. "Yes."

"Okay. What is it?" He rose to his feet and paced in front of her. "You know what, don't even tell me. I already know what you're going to say. You're going to ask me to leave, like he said. If we can't be together, than I shouldn't be here at all. That's it, right?"

She shook her head. "No."

"Then what is it?" He stopped pacing. "What do you want from me?"

She crossed her arms. They weren't having this discussion in public, where Chris could come along. But was that really her issue? Or did she just want to stall? "Not here."

He reached down, grabbed her hand, and practically dragged her up the stairs to her room. Once inside, he shut the door and locked it. Then, he turned the TV on and cranked up the volume. "There. He won't hear a thing. Now spill it."

Now that the time had come, she was having second thoughts. Again. When would this fear stop crippling her? When would she move on with her life, and stop living in the past? "I want to..."

Unable to say the words, she launched herself at him, hoping her actions could say the words she couldn't seem to form. Closing her hands around the back of his neck, she yanked him down and crushed his lips to hers. For a brief second, she thought he would push her away. His hands hung at his sides, not touching her. Then, he let out a groan and grabbed her hips, backing her toward the bed.

She bit back a victory yell, letting him lead her. As soon as her legs hit the mattress, she spun and shoved him down on the bed. He blinked up at her, and she straddled him before he could move. He closed his hands around her waist, and flexed his jaw. "Is this what you wanted from me, Kiersten?"

"Yes." And no. Of course she wanted more, but for now, this need seemed more urgent. They could talk later, after this hunger eating her alive was fed. She reached down and grabbed his hands, trapping them on either side of his head. She brushed against his erection, the hard length of him sending pleasure jolting through her blood. "And I know you want it, too. I can feel it."

He arched his hips against her, looking almost as if he didn't want to. "I do. But I also want more. I want to be more."

"I know. I just can't..." say the words. "I want...you. I want this. Us. Together."

There. She'd told him what she wanted. That wasn't so hard.

She cupped his face tenderly, like he always did to her, and lowered her face. His eyes drifted shut, and then his mouth was on hers. And his hands were everywhere. His tongue probed her mouth, finding hers without a second of wasted breath. His fingers slid into her hair, holding her still as he ravished her mouth. But he didn't need to hold her still. There was nowhere else she'd rather be right now.

She broke free of his mouth, nibbled a path down his neck, and bit down on his shoulder. He hissed and arched his neck, giving her better access. His hands slid down her back, over the curve of her butt, and around her thighs. From there, he went up her stomach and grasped her br**sts. They were so sensitive and painful that she almost pushed him away.

But it didn't hurt. It felt freaking amazing.

He seemed to know she might be sore. He gently clasped her, and asked, "Is this okay? I don't want to hurt you."

How did he know about that? Oh. The book. "It's fine. Just don't stop."

Grasping his hair, she slammed her mouth down on his, conveying without words that she wouldn't break if he touched her. He was holding himself back, and she didn't want that. She wanted all of him.

He moaned into her mouth and rolled her beneath him, cradling his weight on either side of her. His arms were wrapped around her tight, and she felt safe. Loved. It was a new feeling, and one that both frightened and thrilled her. She fought down her usual instinct to push him back and take control. To break free of his hold.

The only man she had let have control in bed was Garrett. In the past, she had always needed to be the one holding the reins. With him, it felt good to let go. To let someone else make the decisions. He slid his hands down her leg and pressed his fingers against her heat. She rolled her hips against him, begging for more.

He seemed to get the message. He undid her jeans, which were starting to get too tight around the waist, and rolled them down her legs. Her panties quickly followed, and soon she was nearly naked. When she was clothed in nothing but her bra, she shielded her belly with her hand. She was getting bigger. She might only be a few months in, but she felt like an elephant already.

He frowned and yanked her hands away from her stomach. "Don't do that. That's my baby in there. And you're beautiful."

"But-"

He kissed her into silence, then pulled back. He turned the TV up even louder, drowning out any noise they might make. "No buts. Now shut up and kiss me again."

"Yes, sir."

As their tongues entwined, she undid his pants. He helped her, and then yanked his shirt over his head. He sat back on his haunches, his eyes eating up every inch of her body. "I don't have a condom," he gritted. "Do you?"

"Yeah, but..." She was already pregnant, so they didn't need to worry about that, obviously. She hesitated. She'd never done this without protection. Not even with Pete. Those trust issues, again. "Are you clean?"

He froze. "I am."

"Then we don't need one."

He swallowed hard. "Are you sure? I've never..."

"Me either." She opened her arms. "Now shut up and kiss me."

His mouth melded to hers, soft and gentle. As if he was afraid he would scare her off. He kissed a path down her neck and over the curve of her br**sts. He flicked his tongue over her nipple through her sheer bra, but didn't suck it into his mouth. She gulped in a breath as he kissed a path down her stomach and over her hip. He nipped her inner thigh and then lifted her legs over his shoulders.

Her stomach quickened in anticipation of his lips touching her. She needed him. Now. Tilting her upward, he closed his mouth around her clit. The blood rushed out of her head and centered on her middle. On what he was doing with his tongue.

She groaned and tightened her legs on his head, not wanting to let him go. Not wanting him to ever stop. Reaching down, she grasped his erection and squeezed. He groaned and rocked his hips, urging her on. When he scraped his teeth against her and shoved a finger inside of her, she squeezed her eyes tight. Stars burst in front of her, and her whole body shuddered from the force of her orgasm.

He dropped her hips back to the bed and shoved inside of her, his hands on her shoulders. When he withdrew and pushed inside of her again, she miraculously came once more. Her body had still been humming with the previous orgasm, and this one sent her flying over the edge. Still, he didn't stop. He pressed his thumb against her swollen clit, deepening his strokes.

She buried her face in his shoulder, biting back the cry that almost escaped. She didn't know whether she wanted him to stop or to continue, but she could feel another orgasm building. Could feel him bringing her to the edge again. She'd never had a double orgasm, yet alone more than two. The man was a miracle worker.

He kissed her gently, but his hands on her were rough. The contrast drove her wild. His mouth caressed her ear. "Come for me. Now."

She moaned and let go. Let go of all her reservations. All of her fears. And she let him all the way in. And this time, when she came, he came with her. And she swore she heard him whisper he loved her, but she was too far-gone to know for sure. By the time she could breathe again, he was lying next to her, running his fingers gently over her belly.

"Wow." She turned to him and smiled. "Just...wow."

He didn't smile back, but he splayed his hand on her stomach. "Is everything okay in there?"

"Huh?" She looked down at her stomach. "Yeah. Why wouldn't it be?"

He sat up and dragged his hand down his face. "I could've hurt you."

She hugged her knees to her chest, swallowing hard. He didn't exactly look happy that they'd made love. While she? She couldn't be happier than she was right now. "I'm fine. We're fine."

"What was this about, Kiersten?" He looked at her, his eyes vulnerable. "Did you mean what you said? You want to try making this thing between us work?"

She took a calming breath. She was on the brink of something huge and deep and frightening, and she was scared she would screw it all up. "I did. I want to try."

"I see." Instead of pulling her into his arms and kissing her, as she expected, he flexed his jaw. "One more question."

Why did he look so angry? "Anything."

"Are you only doing this because Chris said to?" He turned to her, the vulnerability gone from his eyes. Instead, a glinting hardness had taken place. "Are you doing this for him, and him alone? Or because you want me?"

"Well..." She wasn't sure what to say. Chris's words had made her realize she was hurting him by refusing to give in to her weakness for Garrett. Garrett wanted it. Chris wanted it. But she wanted it, too. "No. Yes." She bit her lip. "I want to try. Does it matter why? Isn't this enough?" No, that wasn't enough. She needed to tell him more. He deserved more.

He let out a harsh laugh and stood. He jerked his jeans on. "I can't do this anymore, Kiersten."

She flinched. So she finally told him she wanted to try out a relationship-a real one-and he left her? See? She shouldn't have listened to her feelings. "Can't do what anymore? Me? Didn't you hear what I said?"

"I heard you." He gave her his back and ran his hands down his face. "But I can't be a live-in booty call. And I absolutely refuse to be in your bed because your son wants me to be. I love him just like you do-but I refuse to stay here because someone else told you to sleep with me. It's not happening."

"That's not what this was about," she managed to say. "I..."

A million thoughts raced through her mind. A million ways for her to explain her feelings for him. But none of them formed into words. The words just wouldn't come. She was like a deer in the headlights. Frozen.

He spun around and faced her again, his eyes haunted and empty. He thumped his hand on his chest. "This isn't what I want. Do you have any idea how much it hurts when you push me away constantly, and then come looking for me when you're horny? Or when someone else tells you it might be a good idea? If you don't have feelings for me, then say it. And just leave me alone from now on."

"But I want to try." She clung to the comforter. "I'm ready to try. Isn't that what you wanted from me?"

He looked at her closely. "It was. But you're not. I can see it in your eyes. You're not sure." Shaking his head, he added, "You're even gripping the bedspread like a shield."

"But I think I am." She dropped the blanket and held her hands out, trying to make him see what she wanted. See that it wasn't just her desire to make Chris happy talking. "If you give me a chance-"

"When I said I didn't want to be with you, I really planned to win you over. But now? I'm thinking it's better we stick to the plan you admire so much." He grabbed his shirt and headed for the door. "We need to keep away from each other. We're no good together."

"If that's what you want," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "We can just be friends."

He stiffened, his back muscles flexing. "It's what I want now. I can see no other way."

"Are-?" She tried to speak, but her voice broke off. After clearing her throat, she asked, "Are you still going to live here?"

She couldn't believe her voice sounded so steady and unaffected. As if her heart wasn't falling apart over the fact that she'd lost the one man who had always supported her. When had she gotten so good at hiding her feelings?

"I told you I wouldn't leave you," he said, his voice hard. "And I'm not a liar."

And with that...he opened the door and left her room.

She flinched when the door clicked shut behind him. When she laid her cheek on her knees, she saw What to Expect When You're Expecting sitting on her nightstand. When had he come in and put it there? And how had so many things gone so wrong, so fast?

She ached to go after him, but she didn't move. Didn't chase after him and tell him she wanted more out of life. Didn't tell him she wanted him. Didn't tell him she might even be falling in love with him. No matter how much she wanted to open up, she just couldn't let go of the control she'd worked so hard to gain. So instead, she sat there and cried silent tears without chasing him down and begging for forgiveness or love or anything.

And she hated herself for it.

Chapter Eleven

It had been four days since Garrett had told Kiersten he didn't want to try a relationship with her. Four days of him acting as if he was her brother, instead of the father of her child. He greeted her every day. Was kind and caring and loving. He did nothing wrong. But he didn't touch her. Didn't look like he even wanted to touch her.

And it was killing her.

When she finally decided to try and put her heart on the line, he wised up and realized she was a hopeless case. He'd made it perfectly clear he was done with her. Had followed through on that promise. Lately, he had even been coming home late at night smelling like beer. Was he out picking up women? Had he already moved on from her?

Could she honestly blame him if he had?

The door opened and shut quietly. "I'm home," Garrett called out.

Kiersten looked at the clock. It was only seven o'clock. He hadn't been coming home from the bar until after ten lately. She tensed and smoothed her hair. She was wearing baggy sweats and a frizzy ponytail without a stitch of makeup on her face. Go figure. "I'm in the kitchen."

He came in carrying grocery bags. After a quick glance around the room, he asked, "Where's Chris?"

"At Brianna's house. Did you bring home the milk?"

"Yeah, and I got something else, too," he said. "The other day, you were complaining about the baby wanting some ice cream. So I got your favorite."

She pursed her lips, salivating at the mere thought of ice cream. "How do you know my favorite?"

"Do I look like an idiot?" He cleared his throat. "Never mind. Don't answer that. But we've been friends long enough for me to know what you like."

"I know yours, too," she said, nudging him with her elbow. "Vanilla with hot fudge and bright, unmanly rainbow sprinkles."

He flushed and pulled out a container, waving it under her nose. "You mean, like these?"

"Mmm hmm," she managed, laughing. "Like those."

Her stomach growled when he took the ice cream out of the bag and his mouth twitched. She couldn't remember the last time she had seen his smile. She missed it almost as much as she missed him. "Wanna skip dinner and go right to dessert?"

Her insides clenched, and her gaze involuntarily dropped to his mouth. Dessert brought something entirely different from ice cream to mind. Her body remembered his touch all too well, and she ached for him in more ways than one. When she met his eyes, she felt unable to disguise the pure need taking over her body.

His eyes darkened and he stepped back, his nostrils flaring. "Kiersten?"

"Huh?" She snapped herself back to reality, taken aback by how easily she almost forgot his new aversion to her. "Er, nah. Let's eat and then have some ice cream. Better for the baby. What do you want for dinner? I could make ravioli if you want."

Garrett gripped the ice cream, his knuckles white. He backed even farther away from her, his face pale. "Oh, you know what? I forgot that I have a basketball game with Mike and the boys, and then we're hitting the bar. I'll have to eat some later."

After she was asleep, no doubt. That way he wouldn't have to be next to her. Kiersten hesitated and reached out to grab his shoulder. "You don't have to keep leaving. I can-"

"I'm not leaving because of you." He gently moved out of her hold, his eyes lowered. "I have a game, and then we're going out."

"Are you going to do this when the baby's here, too?" She crossed her arms, hating herself for asking. "I thought you wanted to be here for me. For the kids."

He eyed her. "Chris isn't here, so he won't miss me. And the baby isn't here yet. It's just you and me."

She wrapped her arms around her stomach. "Where have you been every night since we fought?"

"I told you. The bar." His head snapped up, and his eyes were on her. They looked so...unapproachable. Cold. "I didn't realize I had to run every aspect of my schedule by you."

She tensed. "It would be helpful to know, in case there's an emergency."

"If there's an emergency?" He held up his phone. "You can call me. I always have it on me now. I'll be here in no time. You know that."

She bit back the words fighting to come out. The ones that were begging to be asked. Where are you going? What are you doing? Can I have a second chance to do this the right way? But she didn't have a right to ask those questions. She wasn't his girlfriend. She'd spent years pushing him away and this time she'd succeeded. Yay for her.

God, she was such a fool. "Right."

Something of the inner turmoil she was feeling must have been revealed in her voice, because he studied her. He pursed his lips, his head canted to the side. "What do you want from me, Kiersten? Seriously, what do you want?"

"I miss you," she blurted out before she could stop herself. Even though she knew it wouldn't help matters. Wouldn't help him. "Will we ever be able to hang out again? To be together the way we used to be?" She steeled herself to ask the one question she was terrified having answered. Her voice came out strangled, as if the words didn't want to be said. "Or maybe we could even try being together. Like you wanted."

"Just stop. Stop trying to give everyone what they want. You always do that, but I won't accept it." He gave a harsh laugh, running his hand over his jaw. "You know what? I'm not doing this tonight. I told you I'm done having this conversation over and over again."

She took a step closer, her heart quickening. "Do you miss me like I miss you?"

He grabbed his keys off of the island. "Of course I miss you. That's part of the problem. It's also why I need to go. We'll be fine once the baby comes. But for us to get there? I need to get over you."

Did that mean he wasn't over her yet? That she stood a chance at making this right? She followed him without even realizing she was doing so. "I want you to stay with me. Be with me."

He stopped walking, but didn't turn around. His whole body hummed with impatience. He couldn't wait to get away from her. Couldn't wait to escape her. "I can't. I have a game."

She'd really, truly lost him.

He crossed the living room, but stopped with his hand on the knob. "Take it easy tonight. You look tired."

She was tired because she couldn't sleep anymore. Couldn't stop missing him. Wanting him in her bed, holding her close.

Couldn't stop thinking about him...and all that she'd lost.

She swallowed the aching lump in her throat. The door shut behind him before she could do more than open her mouth to reply.

...

A few hours later, Garrett downed his beer and slammed the empty mug down on the bar. "Another, please?"

Mike shot him a look out of the corner of his eye and shook his head. "We've been here every night. I thought you were staying in tonight?"

"I was." Garrett shrugged. "Now I'm not."

He couldn't keep sitting there, watching her move through her life without him. After their last session of "meaningless" sex, he'd realized that he didn't just care about her. He loved her. Loved her more than he would have ever thought possible. But she didn't want him and he couldn't be okay with that.

He wouldn't ever abandon their child, but he had to be done. Had to give up on any illusions he'd had about them becoming a real family.

Mike nudged him with his elbow. "What did she do to you now?"

Garrett closed his eyes. "She didn't do anything at all."

"Yeah, okay. And I'm Mother Teresa."

"Hey, nice to meet you," Garrett said, holding out his hand. "I admire your work."

Mike slapped his hand away. "Fuck off. I'm not holding your hand. People will think we're here together."

"Please. You'd be lucky to be here with me."

"Your modesty astounds me." Mike rubbed his forehead and leaned against the bar. "How's the roommate situation been going?"

And just like that, Mike was back on track. Talking about Kiersten again. Damn it. "We get along fine. Stop worrying so much."

Mike eyed him. "And you're still friends?"

Garrett clutched his beer tight. If he ever heard those words together again, he might punch the speaker. In fact, that sounded like an excellent idea right now, and Mike's nose would be a great target. "Yeah. I'm done. Kick my ass if you want, but I'm just the roommate and the father of her child. And Chris, of course."

Mike leaned back on the bar, looking nothing like he was going to kick anyone's ass. "So you're done trying to convince her you two would make sense?"

"Yes," Garrett snapped. "I already said it like twenty times, man. How many more times you need?"

Mike's jaw ticked. "And the baby?"

"I'm not leaving her or the baby. I'm still living with her." He rubbed his temples. His head was pounding something fierce. "But I'm moving on. It's that simple."

Mike chugged his beer. "I see. Ready to storm the dating world again? Pick up a few chicks while my pregnant sister waits at home for you?"

Garrett groaned. "Can you shut up for once in your life? I'm not in the mood to talk about my feelings, for f**k's sake. That's not why I'm here."

"Yes, ma'am." Mike chuckled and took a swig of his beer. He remained quiet for all of two seconds. "You want to know what I think your problem is? No? Oh well. I'll tell you anyway, free of charge. Sounds to me like you need to get laid."

"Are you volunteering?" Garrett quipped.

Mike raised a brow. "If I am?"

"Thanks, but you're not really my type."

"No, but she is," Mike said. He motioned to the woman approaching them, practically stripping Garrett naked with her eyes. She had dirty sex written all over her but all Garrett could do was watch in disinterest. She wasn't short enough, had the wrong hair color, and wasn't...Kiersten.

"You can't possibly be serious right now," Garrett said.

Mike looked at him and Garrett shifted uncomfortably on his stool. "Dead serious. You could go home with her if you wanted. You're a free man, right? Ready to move on?"

This was a test. Clear and simple. And no matter what he did, he would fail. If he didn't flirt with her, Mike would know Garrett hadn't moved on and was deluding himself into thinking he had. And if he did pretend to be interested in the woman, Mike would kill him.

Damned if he did, damned if he didn't.

"Not interested," Garrett said.

Mike relaxed against the bar and took a swig of his beer. "Good. Then I won't have to kill you tonight."

He almost wished he would. It might be preferable to the aching hollowness inside of him right now. It would stop him from wondering if he should believe Kiersten when she said she wanted to try, instead of running from her. Because she had said it again today. That made twice, now.

But he couldn't bring himself to hope she might be telling the truth this time. The letdown was too damn hard if she wasn't.

The woman sat down and batted her eyelashes at him. "Hi, whatcha drinking?"

"Lager," Garrett replied politely, turning back to Mike. "Have you talked to your sister lately?"

"Hello." Mike smiled at the woman sitting next to Garrett. "Yeah, she's coming to join us tonight. Chris is at a friend's house. I think he's avoiding you."

"Probably. I'm not exactly his favorite person right now, but we're getting closer." Shit. He couldn't get away from her no matter where he went, could he? "Why the f**k didn't I know that she was coming?"

"It was a last minute decision. She called me a few minutes ago, looking to meet up, and I told her where I was," Mike said, shrugging. "What's the big deal?"

The big deal was that Garrett didn't want to see her right now. The woman beside him caressed his arm, and Garrett tensed. He smiled at her-he didn't want to be rude, after all-and said, "Look, you seem very nice, but-"

"Hi," Kiersten said, looking first at the woman beside Garrett, and then following her arm to where she rubbed Garrett's shoulder. Her jaw flexed, but otherwise she looked as if she hadn't a care in the world. "Am I interrupting something?"

"No," Garrett assured her, rising to his feet. "Come on, let's go grab a table."

Kiersten cast another glance at the stranger, not budging from where she stood. "Are you sure? I don't want to ruin your night or anything."

"Absolutely positive," Garrett snapped, his heart wrenching at the lack of concern on Kiersten's face at the thought of him picking up another woman.

Obviously he had been right to doubt her when she said she wanted him. If she did, she wouldn't be practically pushing him at this other woman. She didn't give a damn.

"Stay and talk to your friend." Kiersten tilted her chin up. "We'll go in without you."

He clenched his jaw. That's it. He was done. "I said I don't want to stay and talk. I'm hungry."

"Yeah. Let's go," Mike added, grabbing his sister's hand. He shot Garrett a cautious look and tugged on Kiersten's hand. She still didn't move. "Come on."

Kiersten leaned closer to Garrett. "Who am I to stop you? It's obviously what you've been doing every night. At least now I know."

"You don't know a damn thing." Garrett gritted his teeth. "And if I wanted to talk to her, I would. Knock it off."

"I'm just saying..." She broke off and looked away from him, her shoulders tense. "Whatever. It doesn't matter."

"I know what you're saying. I got the message loud and clear," Garrett managed to get out from his aching throat. If she said it any clearer, the whole room would hear his heart shatter into a million pieces. "And you're right. It doesn't matter at all, does it?"

She glanced at him in surprise. Maybe he hadn't hid his pain well enough this time. "Garrett-"

He shook his head. He didn't want apologies or pity. He was the idiot who just couldn't stop caring. "You know what? You two go ahead and eat. I'm going to go home. Hit the rack early."

Without another word, he left the restaurant. He repeated the same words he'd been saying over and over and over again ever since he left her bed the other night.

She doesn't love me. Never will.

Maybe if he said it enough times, he would actually move on. And maybe if he escaped her company for more than five f**king minutes at a time, he'd be able to get her out of his mind-and out of his heart.

Chapter Twelve

"That was messed up," Mike said, his voice rough. "Shit, even I could see how much you hurt him."

Kiersten blinked back tears, wanting to stay angry but failing horribly. She'd done it again. Gone all psycho pregnant woman on his ass. "He was the one flirting with her. He's probably been doing it every night while I sat at home and waited for him."

Mike sighed and led her to their table. Once they sat down, he leveled a look at her. "He hasn't been hitting on anyone. He hasn't been with another woman. He's been with me, trying to hide how upset he is."

Kiersten picked up her napkin and balled it in her hands. "And what? That's somehow my fault?"

"Uh." He shot her a look that said he clearly questioned her state of mind. "Yeah. It is. Are you that blind?"

She collapsed back against the chair. "Maybe."

"He's going to be the father of your child, and you keep pushing him away." He rubbed his forehead. "The question is: Do you really want him to leave you? Because you're going to get it if you continue on this way. He's trying to be there for you but you won't let him."

He was right. Once again, she'd screwed up. "I came here to show him how I felt."

"How you felt?" He snorted. "If what you wanted him to see was that you wanted him to f**k that woman, then great job. He saw that, all right."

Kiersten bit her lip. "No. I don't want that."

"Well? What do you want?"

She lifted a shoulder. "Chris wants us to be a couple. So do you and Brianna. Garrett used to want that, too."

"Fuck them. And f**k me." He leaned in. "What do you want, Kiersten? Not your hairdresser or your mailman or Jesus f**king Christ. You."

"I...I want him to be with me."

He exhaled. "Then you have a hell of a way of showing it. Do you love him?"

"Love is such a generic word."

"Bullshit." He pointed a finger at her nose. "Do. You. Love. Him?"

Did she? When it came down to it, that's all that mattered. And...she did. She loved him. It hadn't been like this with Pete. With Pete, she'd practically gotten slammed over the head by their whirlwind romance. There had been no doubt in her mind she loved him.

But with Garrett, it had been a slow building love that snuck up on her. One that came from years of friendship and trust and loyalty. One she could believe in. A healthy, happy love that made her heart warm and her life happier. And how had she treated him?

She'd treated him exactly the way she had been scared he would treat her. She had hurt him, pushed him away, and refused to trust him. To believe in him. And she had done it without a second thought. She was what she didn't ever want to have in her life again.

She was her own worst enemy.

She dropped her face in her hands and took a shuddering breath. "I do. I love him. But what if he doesn't love me back? What if it's too late? I ruined everything. Treated him horribly."

"He does love you." Mike picked up his menu. "Trust me. He's been moping all week. He's got all the trademarks of love. Sad eyes. Unhappy love life. No sex." He lifted his glass to her. "If that's not love, then I don't know what is."

"Gee. Sounds wonderful," she said dryly. "Can't wait to get me some of that."

"It is what it is." He shrugged. "I might not be an expert but I'll give you a small tidbit of advice. If you love someone, don't tell them to flirt with another woman. And don't ignore him when he says he doesn't want to. And most of all? Don't push him away."

Kiersten slumped back in the chair. "I just got so mad when I saw that woman with her hands on him."

"Yeah. I know the answer to that one, too." He grinned. "You were jealous."

She rolled her eyes, but couldn't help the smile that crept out. "You're a veritable font of information tonight, aren't you?"

"And you get it all for free." He picked up his menu. "Now here's what you're going to do. You're going to feed my niece or nephew, and then you'll go home and tell Garrett everything you told me. That you miss him and want him and love him. All of that soppy shit."

She started to rise. "I have to tell him now."

"You've been avoiding it for a few months now." He cocked a brow. "What's another hour? Feed the baby and give him a chance to cool off."

Kiersten hesitated. Garrett had looked pretty angry. Maybe he would need a little bit of time to calm down. But every second he spent thinking she didn't want him was a second he could change his mind about being with her. She'd put him through enough. "I don't know."

A waiter walked by with a steaming cheeseburger, and her stomach growled loudly. Mike chuckled. "Looks like baby agrees with me. Food, then fight."

Kiersten flushed. "Fine. But I'm leaving as soon as we're done eating."

"Deal."

He turned his attention back to the menu and she did the same. But she didn't see the words in front of her. All she saw was Garrett's face when he'd left.

And the pain in his eyes.

An hour later, Kiersten entered the house cautiously, creeping inside on tiptoe. After the awkward confrontation at the restaurant, she didn't know what to expect of him.

Heck, she didn't know what to expect of herself, either.

Seeing him with that woman had sent her over the edge. She'd lashed out in her jealousy, and then tried to make it look as if she didn't care. But she did. And she didn't want him with anyone else. She wanted him with her.

It was time to tell him the truth.

"Are you trying to rob me, or come home quietly?" Garrett asked from the darkness of the living room. "I can't quite figure it out."

Kiersten started guiltily, clutching her purse to her chest. "I was being quiet in case you were asleep."

"No, I'm wide awake," he replied, an edge in his tone.

His angry voice took her off guard for a second, but she had been expecting it. Crossing her arms across her chest, she said, "We need to talk."

"What? Do you have another girl to introduce me to?"

She inhaled sharply at his words. Okay. She deserved that one. "No. I...I didn't like seeing you with her. It hurt. And I got mad, so I lashed out the only way I knew how. I made you think you didn't matter...when you do. You matter."

He dropped his face into his hands and massaged his temples. "I didn't want to be with her. And I haven't been out picking up other women."

She knelt at his feet and rested her hands on his knees. "I know. I believe you. And I trust you. I do."

He lifted his head and stared at her in surprise. "Wow," he said. "I never thought I'd hear you say that."

"I should have said it long ago." She squeezed his legs. "I'm sorry."

"I know." Something flickered across his eyes but he quickly stifled it. "I'm going to end this conversation on a high note and turn in. I'll see you tomorrow."

But he didn't get up. She had a feeling he didn't really want to. This was her chance. He'd been there for her all along and she'd sent mixed messages. But not anymore. No more hesitation or panic. Time to step up to the basket and take a shot-or something along those lines. Geez, she was starting to sound like Garrett already. That had to be love. "This isn't easy for me. Every time I open my mouth to talk to you, the words disappear. Or they come out wrong."

"I'm familiar with the notion," he said dryly.

She took a steadying breath. "I never wanted to love anyone after Pete. And I certainly didn't want to trust anyone enough to break my heart. But somehow, you broke through my defenses. I-I don't want to be friends. I want more. If...if you still want to be a family." She waited for his response, her heart pounding in her chest.

It wasn't too late, was it?

It couldn't be.

When he didn't say anything, she rushed on. "I treated you terribly, and I see that now. I was so scared you would hurt me the same way Pete did that I pushed you away. And in protecting myself from you, I became Pete. I hurt you nonstop. I was cold and cruel and horrible." She took a deep breath. "But I see now what I was doing. And I also know that you make me whole-and you showed me what love can be like. It isn't about mistrust or heartbreak, but about finding your other half and being happy. You make me happy and that's all I want."

Just him.

"My feelings have always been strong wherever you're concerned, so maybe I loved you from the start?" Why wasn't he saying anything? "And before you ask, yes. This is me talking. This is what I want. Not someone else. Just me and you." She tucked her hair behind her ears. "I'm a mess. Emotionally and otherwise. But you've never given up on me, no matter how much I pushed you away. Don't start now. Don't give up on me because I l-love you. And I hope that maybe someday you can love me too?"

She held her breath and hoped with all her being he would take her for what she was. Flaws and all. Because wasn't that part of love, too? She swore she'd heard somewhere that love was really loving someone because of their flaws...not despite them.

Time to see if that was true or not.

Chapter Thirteen

She loved him. Really loved him. He released a shaky breath, unable to look away from her. Unable to move or speak or process any thought besides the fact that she loved him.

Holy shit.

Kiersten fidgeted. "Are you going to say anything to me?" She rolled her hands and gave a half laugh, half groan. "I'm kind of freaking out a little bit here."

His eyes widened at her nervous question. He hadn't realized he'd left her hanging like that. Had been too busy listening to her words and trying to absorb them. Memorize them. Rubbing his jaw, he tried to hide his grin. "Like...?"

She huffed. "I don't know. That you might love me too someday..."

"I can't love you someday."

Her jaw dropped. "Oh. Well, Okay." She started backing away from him toward the door, her face looking a little bit green and her eyes filling up. "I'll just..."

He grabbed her shoulders, not letting her retreat. "I can't love you someday because I already love you."

She stilled. "You do?"

"I do."

"Oh, thank God." She threw herself at him, holding onto him so tightly he could barely breathe. Her next words came out in a rush of babbling. "I love you. Thank God. I love you."

He scooped her up in his arms, grinning broadly. "I love you, too. And I promise I will never give up on you."

He kissed her, holding her close as he strode up the stairs and to her bedroom. She clung to him the whole way there. He couldn't believe that after all this time, she finally said those three little words to him.

She loved him.

Laying her down on the mattress, he stood beside it and stared down at her. She was perfect and gorgeous, and his. All his. She licked her lips and leaned up on her elbows, her eyes smoky and hungry. The way she laid on the bed, with her legs slightly parted and her eyes devouring him, made him ache with the need to bury himself inside of her.

But not yet. Not tonight.

He tugged his basketball shorts and boxers down, and she nibbled on her lower lip. Crawling onto the bed, he lowered his body over hers, pressing every inch of her against him. She looked up at him with need burning in her gaze, and he cradled her face in his hands.

Softly, tenderly, he pressed his lips to hers. Her hands gripped his shoulders, tugging him closer, but he resisted her urging. Tonight would be all about going slow and making sweet love to her. Slipping his tongue between her lips, he kissed her until she quivered in his arms.

As he seduced her, his fingers roamed freely over her body, stroking everywhere he could reach. He forced himself to pull his lips off hers and kissed the side of her neck, nipping lightly. Moaning, she arched her back and wriggled beneath him.

"Please, Garrett," she breathed, tugging on his shoulders. "Now."

He shook his head and kissed her jaw before giving equal attention to the other side of her neck. Whimpering, she turned her head to allow him better access. His c**k throbbed in demand, but he refused to lose himself in the lure of her luscious body.

He tugged her sweater lower so he could kiss the swell of her br**sts, which had become even more abundant since the other night. When he gently cupped them in his palms, she groaned. He immediately stopped moving. The book had said she would be sore. "Did that hurt?"

"For the love of God, no. Stop asking if you're hurting me." Sitting up, she yanked her sweater over her head before he could stop her. "And kiss me."

His gut clenched at the sight of her lacy red bra, which barely hid her delights from him, and he captured her hand before she could remove that as well. "No. I'll do it."

He trailed his fingers over the curve of her br**sts, lightly teasing her nipple with his thumb. She moaned and arched her back, giving herself over to him. Groaning, he sucked on her nipple through the sheer fabric, unable to resist the lure of her beauty. She cried out and grabbed hold of his head, yanking on his hair in her frenzy to pull him closer. His other hand massaged her breast, and he once again marveled at how perfectly she fit into his hand-like she had been made just for him.

He dragged his mouth from her nipple to lick the other as he unlatched her bra. He loved the ones that closed in the front like she wore, because he didn't have to stop loving her to strip her. He released her nipple long enough to slide the fabric out of the way and then latched back on, ravenous for something only she could give him.

Her whimpers sounded more like breathy moans by this point, and every tiny sound that came out of her urged him on-made him need her more. He pressed his c**k into the mattress, trying to ease some of the pressure. It didn't work. Sitting on his haunches, he peeled his clothes off. He kissed his way up one leg and down the other, making sure not to touch her where she needed him most. Her nails scored his back, digging in.

Nibbling at her inner thigh, he lifted his head to look at her-and came undone. Her face was captured in a state of bliss, and he never loved her more than he did in this moment. Her eyelids drifted open when he lowered his face between her legs, his breath fanning out over her core. She bit her lip and returned his stare, her hips shifting restlessly in his palms.

"I love you," he said.

Her eyes widened and filled with tears but he didn't wait to see if she would return his sentiment. He already knew she did. Instead, he lowered his mouth. He rolled his tongue around her clit in slow circles, his finger teasing her slit. She whimpered and rocked her hips against him. He thrust his fingers inside of her, moaning when she clenched down on them.

"Garrett," she cried.

Within moments, she found her release and collapsed to the bed.

He lifted her hips and rubbed his c**k against her swollen clit. She screamed and bowed her back, coming again from the slight pressure. He plunged inside her before she had finished convulsing, driving home deeply. Her muscles clamped down on his cock. Damn, he was going to come already. That's how amazing she felt.

She cried out and clung to him, meeting him thrust for thrust. When she tightened around him and found her pleasure once more, he let himself lose control, speeding up his rhythm until he, too, collapsed to the mattress in completion. All he could see, hear, taste, and feel was Kiersten.

And he liked it that way.

He rolled over and cradled her in his arms, more at peace with the world than ever before. Everything was as it should be. He had the love of his life at his side-and she'd agreed to be his. He couldn't stop the words from flowing from him. "I love you so damned much."

"I love you, too," she whispered in his ear.

Leaning closer, she kissed his jaw and then settled into his arms with a contented sigh. He looked down at her and caught his breath at the warmth in her eyes, and the way she looked at him. This is where she belonged-in his arms.

Forever.

...

The next morning, Kiersten woke up with a smile still on her face. It had been an amazing night spent in Garrett's arms, making love and whispering plans for the future to each other. They had started out with saying he would move into her room and she could get her office back. The baby would sleep in his old room, and Chris would keep his room.

It all felt so blessedly...normal.

She stretched and reached out for Garrett, but he was gone. She rolled over and ran her hand over his pillow. It was cold to the touch. She sat up, holding the sheet up to her chest. Where had he gone?

She hurriedly dressed, and then practically ran down the stairs. She came down to the sight of Chris and Garrett playing PlayStation, laughing and talking quietly. She froze in the living room walkway, her heart warm and filled with love. This was her life now, and she'd never been happier.

Garrett looked up and saw here standing there. He paused the game and rose. "Hey, sweetheart."

"Hey, you." He held his arms open and she crossed the room and slid inside the warmth of his embrace. She looked at Chris as she hugged Garrett. "When did you get home?"

"An hour ago." Chris watched them with narrow eyes. "Garrett picked me up when I called. So...you two are together now?"

Kiersten grinned. "We are. Very happily so." She paused. "Is that cool with you?"

Chris's eyes brightened. He liked that she asked. She could see it. He shrugged and played it cool, though. "It is. It's better than that freaky arrangement you two had going on before."

"I agree," Garrett said, dropping a kiss on her head.

"Me too." Kiersten looked up at him and smiled. "Thanks for letting me sleep in."

"You needed it." He looked down at her with heat in his eyes, despite the innocent- sounding words. "And you better get used to it. I plan on taking the Saturday morning shift around here."

She curled her hands into his shirt, pulling him closer. No more pushing him away. Those days were over. "Keep talking like that, and I'll have to make an honest man out of you."

His eyes widened. "Keep talking like that, and you'll be darned right."

"Hm." He'd even watched his mouth in front of Chris. Could he be any more perfect? "Is that a threat?"

"No," he said, lowering his mouth until it almost brushed hers. "It's a promise."

"I like the sound of that."

He closed his mouth around hers, keeping the kiss gentle and PG-13. They had an audience, after all. When he pulled back, he grinned down at her. His eyes were sparkling with life and laughter.

Chris cleared his throat. "Is the lovey-dovey crap over yet? We have a game to finish over here."

Kiersten laughed, and Garrett's baritone chuckle blended with hers. She stepped out of his arms and bowed to Chris. "Yes, master. You may have your stepfather back."

Chris smiled. A real, genuine smile. "Thanks."

"I'm going to go make some coffee. You want some?"

"It's already made. All you need is a mug." Garrett sank down on the couch next to Chris. "And yeah, I'd love some. Thanks."

Chris hit start. "Can I have a hot chocolate?"

"Sure, bud," Kiersten said, her heart swelling at the sight of her men playing together. Such a normal thing, and yet so big. "I'll be right back, guys."

He shot her a grin. "Love you."

"I love you, too."

She went into the kitchen, the sound of their laughter drifting out behind her. Yep, this was her life now. And it was damned perfect.

Thank God.

Epilogue

Seven months later

Garrett paced up and down the sidelines. Chris dribbled down the court, his eyes darting around, watching everyone who stood in his way. This time, Chris didn't freeze up or panic. He dribbled through the players without even hesitating, squared off, and scored a three pointer. The crowd went wild, mostly with cheers since it was a home game, and Garrett smiled.

All that practice with Chris was paying off.

Sometimes Chris even came with him and the adults to scrimmage. The kid could hold his own against a bunch of grown-ups.

Kiersten cheered from behind Garrett, whooping so loudly she woke up the baby cradled in her arms. Amy let out a loud wail, letting her displeasure be known. Garrett spun around and gave Kiersten a pointed look. The whole way to the game, she had worried that the loud noise might be too much for the little one, but she'd come to watch Chris anyway. How ironic was it that she was the one who upset the little angel?

She rolled her eyes at him and rocked Amy in her arms.

Garrett forced himself to look away from his girls for the next four minutes. Tonight was a big night. He reached in his pocket and fingered the solitaire diamond he'd stashed there. His sweaty palm slid across the smooth metal and he extracted his hand without dropping the ring onto the floor.

The buzzer sounded and the crowd cheered. Another victory. Another undefeated season well under way, too. Kiersten came down the bleachers and stood next to him. "Good job, Coach."

He grinned and kissed her. "Thanks, babe."

"What about me?" Mike asked, holding his hands out. "Don't I get a pretty word out of you?"

"Of course. Great job to you, too." She extracted herself from Garrett's arms and hugged Mike with her free arm. Mike snatched up little Amy, and all the women sighed collectively. Ah, the sight of a single man holding a baby. "There's my pretty little sweetheart," he cooed, for once oblivious to the females drooling over him, focused solely on the one drooling on him.

The moms all surrounded him and Mike, as usual. Mike was the target for their affections, now, though. Everyone knew Garrett was happily spoken for. "All right. Practice is at five tomorrow. I'll see you all then. Great game!"

The crowd dispersed, leaving Garrett, Mike, Kiersten, Chris, and Amy. It reminded Garrett of that day a little under a year ago...the day that changed his life for the better. The day Kiersten decided she wanted to use him to get back at Pete. What had once stung now all weaved together in the bigger picture of his life.

The life he shared with Kiersten.

Now, they could take the next step. Marriage. He only hoped she'd decided marriage wasn't such a bad thing after all. They'd been living together for seven months. Loving each other.

This was the next logical step. And he wanted to make her his in every way.

"She's so cute," Mike said, holding the baby's little hand. He nudged Garrett in the ribs. "How did you make something so damn cute with that face?"

"She takes after her mother." Garrett crossed his arms and grinned. "Hey. When are you going to settle down and have a few babies of your own?"

Mike shot him a horrified look. "Hold your tongue. That'll never happen."

"Why not?" Kiersten asked, her eyes on Garrett.

Garrett held his breath. "Yeah. Why not?"

"Love is a disease I've tried very hard to avoid catching." Mike shuddered, but then ruined the effect by looking down at Amy and glowing with the love he obviously felt for the child. "I'll continue to do so. The only women I need in my life are here. Well, plus Brianna and Katelyn."

Kiersten wrapped her arm around Garrett's waist. "I don't see why you should avoid it. It's not that bad, once you accept it for what it is-a crazy ride."

Garrett's eyes widened and he held a hand to his heart. "Why, that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me."

"Don't let it get to your head." She rested her head on his shoulder. "Or I'll have to slap you around a little bit more."

"Promise?" Garrett asked, his tone deep with need.

Mike flinched. "Stop that train of thought before I hurl on your baby."

Garrett looked at Chris, who finally joined them. Chris nodded and Garrett stepped out of Kiersten's hold, stumbled, and fell at her feet. Kiersten shrieked, Chris grinned, and Mike looked down at him with wide eyes.

"What the heck, man?" Mike exclaimed. "Did you forget how to walk or something?"

"Sorry." Garrett reached into his pocket as he "struggled" to get up. "I guess so."

Kiersten dropped to her knees and grabbed his arm, trying to help him up. "Are you okay?"

He pulled the ring out of his pocket, closed tight in his fist, and rose to one knee. "I've never been better, because I have you."

Relief flooded through her eyes. She laughed lightly and stumbled to her feet. "Well, maybe if you remember how to walk, you'll feel a little bit better."

"I don't need to know how to walk. All I need is for you to say yes."

Mike groaned. "Oh God. Why in front of me?"

"Because you're family," Garrett said without looking back. "Besides, you're holding my baby, and you haven't left yet."

"Shh," Chris said, kicking Mike in the shin. "You're ruining it."

Mike glared at his nephew but kept his trap shut.

Kiersten watched with a wrinkled brow, then looked down at Garrett. He knew the moment she realized why he was still on the ground. Knew it because her eyes glazed over with tears. She covered her mouth with a trembling hand. "Garrett?"

"Let's go." Mike grabbed Chris by the arm and hauled him out of the gym, giving them privacy. Kiersten watched them leave, then turned back to Garrett.

Garrett took a steadying breath and swiped his free hand down his pants. "I've loved you for longer than I can remember. I'll always love you. I know you've had a hard time accepting love and believing in love, but I hope you've grown past that. I hope you know you can trust me."

"Of course," she whispered.

"And I chose to do this here for one reason. I watched you across the gym every single game and tried to remind myself you would never want me. I watched you, and wanted you so badly every single time. But that night you invited me over and opened your arms to me was the night my life finally began. It was the night you made me complete." He shoved his hair off his forehead and smiled up at her. "I remember watching you that night. Mike was mocking me for holding on to a childhood crush and I said I'd gotten over you. It was the biggest lie I ever told. I've never gotten over you-and I never want to.

"I want to spend the rest of my life making you smile. Making you happy." He held the ring up between his thumb and index finger and she gasped. "I want to spend the rest of my life as your husband. Kiersten, will you make me the happiest man on earth and marry me?"

And he waited. Waited to see if she'd grown past not wanting to ever be married. Waited to see if she'd make him her husband, her partner, her love.

"Oh my God." Tears streamed down her face and she let out a strangled sob. "Yes! I love you, too. And yes!"

She sank to her knees and threw herself at him, kissing him passionately. He hauled her close, never wanting to let her go. And now...he wouldn't have to. Except for one more time...

He broke the kiss and grabbed her hand. Sliding the ring on her finger, he grinned at her. "There. Now it's official. You're mine."

"Sweetie." She wriggled her hand, watching the diamond. "It was already official."

He stood up and swung her over his shoulder. He gave a gentle slap on her ass, then headed for the door. "Let's go tell everyone you said yes."

He kicked through the double doors and almost knocked Mike over. Chris sat on the lobby bench outside the gym door, holding Amy, and Mike had apparently had his ear to the door.

"Since she's over your shoulder," Mike said, smoothing his hair as if he hadn't been caught eavesdropping, "I assume she said no and you're kidnapping her to haul her off to a chapel to force her hand?"

"And if I was?"

Mike shrugged. "Then I'll watch Amy and Chris."

Kiersten reared up. "Hey. What about sibling loyalty?"

"He's good for you. Even can see that."

Garrett grinned and set Kiersten down on her feet. But he didn't let go of her. He needed her by his side too badly. He threw an arm over her shoulder. "Keep talking like that, and she'll be playing matchmaker for you."

"And with that? I leave." Mike grabbed his bag. "Hey, Chris, want to have a Call of Duty marathon? I'll bring you to school tomorrow with me."

Chris hopped to his feet and handed Amy off to Garrett. "Sure. If it's okay with you guys?"

Garrett nodded. It would be nice to have the place to themselves tonight. Amy was too young to question the loud noises coming out of Mommy and Daddy's room. "Fine by me."

"Me too," Kiersten said.

Mike and Chris left. Kiersten turned to Garrett, rose on tiptoe, and kissed him. "I love you."

"I love you, too." He entwined his fingers with hers and they left the lobby, hand in hand. "And I've got a surprise for you tonight."

She shot him a look out of the corner of her eye. " one?"

"Mmm hmm." He ran his thumb over her knuckles. "Remember that drawer you didn't want me to go in the night we made Amy?"

She raised her brows. "Uh, yeah."

"Remember why?"

"Oh, God. Yes."

"Well, it's my turn to play with the bunny." He leaned in close and nibbled on her ear. "And I know exactly what I want to do with it."

Her heated gaze raked over him. "I'll look forward to that. Almost as much as I look forward to every day with you by my side."

"That's a promise. I'll be there. I swear it." He dropped a kiss onto the top of her head. "For the rest of our lives."

She dropped his hand and cradled his face. "For better and for worse, for richer and for poorer, in sickness and in health, as long as we both shall live."

Then she kissed him...

And didn't let go.<br/>

