Chapter One

I'm going to throw an ashtray at his head.

Okay, okay. Back up. Let me explain.

My boss is insufferable. I mean, grade-A, self-obsessed, Lamborghini-driving, top one percent of the one percent, completely out of touch asshole. His butler has a butler. He's rich enough to buy several politicians, and believes strongly in the value of hard work, a concept with which he's only passingly acquainted. His days are full of glad-handing and pouring drinks and turning on that oh-so-dazzling, oh-so-fake smile that everybody falls for. Except me.

Oh yeah, and did I mention he looks like an underwear model?

So, that's my life. I sit at this depressingly tiny desk outside Adrian Risinger's office, sorting his mail, making his phone calls, organizing his calendar. On the good days, he mostly ignores me. But most of the time, I get called into his Fortress of Solitude for a good tongue-lashing at least four or five times a day, during which he manages to work in several barbs about nearly every aspect of my life.

It took years before I realized I was allowed to dish it back. When I get in a particularly good one, he favors me with a smile - razor-sharp, completely unlike the one he uses to charm his business associates. It's a predator's smile. It's a smile that haunts my dreams.

I hate it.

There are two reasons I don't leave. First of all, in this economy, I can't afford to be picky. Nobody can. Secondly, I actually feel bad. That's how sick I am. I feel guilty that this affluenza piece of shit might have a hard time replacing me. Nobody else can put up with him; before me, he had a string of administrative assistants about a mile long, not one of them lasting longer than a few weeks. It's sick, but I feel like I can't leave him in a lurch.

I guess I've been here long enough to develop Stockholm syndrome. Who knew?

So that's my work life. And everything else? It's not much better. My parents are as cold and sarcastic as my boss, which probably goes a long way in explaining my current predicament. But however you psychoanalyze me, the point is that I can't exactly turn to them for loving kindness. My friends all drifted away after college, or stopped returning my calls when all I could do was bitterly complain about a situation I half-created myself. Not merely content with making my job hell, Mr. Risinger has managed to ruin my personal life, too.

There was just one thing in my life that really made me happy. One thing that he couldn't reach.

Or so I thought.

The whole thing started because I was browsing Amazon while drunk. I was looking for advice books on dealing with a difficult boss, because my situation with Mr. Risinger could totally be summed up in a trite self-help book, right? Give me a break, I was desperate.

Anyway, so I'm clicking around, and I see this book that catches my eye. It's obviously not at all what I'm looking for - the cover has a close-up of a man buttoning his cufflinks, and somehow, with the whiskey swirling in my belly, it's the sexiest thing I've ever seen in my life.

The title says:

HIS SECRETARY

So, I one-click it. Why the fuck not?

It's a romance novel. And, I quickly realize, as I page through it - not one of those chaste ones about mail-order brides, or even a classic bodice-ripper. This is beyond steamy. This is practically porn.

This is the best thing I've ever read.

Before I know it, I've got my hand halfway down my panties and I don't even remember the last time I touched myself. But something about the plight of this girl and her sexy, sexy billionaire boss is just irresistible. Five pages in, and I'm gasping and panting in my armchair, my whole body buzzing with pleasure that I haven't felt in God knows how long.

That night, I sleep like a baby for the first time in years.

The next night, I finish the book - and I finish, too. Several times. It's spectacular, but I'm a little bit sad it's over. Then, I discover that the author - Natalie McBride is her name - has a whole series out. His Secretary: Bound. His Secretary: Bared. His Secretary: Released. I devour them all in the space of a week, and it's the best week of my life.

If Mr. Risinger notices, he doesn't say anything. It's his busy season anyway, so he's certainly not going to take the time to notice if his assistant has a little extra spring in her step. Even if he didn't know the reason why, he'd certainly find a reason to criticize. So, it's better this way.

I start checking for a new book every day. I know I could look at the author's website for a release schedule or join her mailing list, but I almost prefer it being a mystery. I want to be surprised, I tell myself.

This resolve lasts all of one day.

Soon, I'm biting my nails, counting down until the release of the next book. Just one more month! She posts teasers and updates on Facebook, and I'm practically panting with impatience. I quickly learn that there are a lot of people out there, voracious readers, who spend basically their entire lives in this state of feverish anticipation. I wonder how they survive.

And now, I'm one of them.

Finally, finally, the glorious day comes. I wait and wait for the notification email that my pre-order has landed, but it doesn't come. Finally, exhausted and defeated, I refresh my email one last time before bed.

And there it is.

Cursing softly, I pick up my e-reader and curl up in bed. Just a few pages, I tell myself, because it's only seven hours until work.

Just a few pages.

The sun is up by the time I finish, bleary-eyed and shivering from sleep deprivation. After a scalding shower, I'm pretty sure I can get through the day, but I know it's going to be a rough one.

Boy. Understatement of the century.

Mr. Risinger is on the warpath - not against me, fortunately, but I'm still expected to be right there with him. He snaps at me for being distracted, and even in my delirious state, I notice that he's got dark circles under his eyes too. I almost feel bad, until he tells me to stop staying up all night watching soap operas.

Fucking sexist dickhead.

He doesn't need to know that I actually was up all night reading a romance novel. That's my fucking business.

By the time I get home, I'm so over-tired that I can't wind down. I pace my apartment, picking up my e-reader to glance over choice passages again and then throwing it back down when I realize my eyes can't focus. Finally, I pick up my laptop and do the unthinkable.

I write an email to Natalie McBride.

I bare my soul. I tell her how much her books have meant to me, how they offer a much-needed escape from the hell that is my life. How I feel ashamed because I know we're not supposed to like these kinds of books, but of course no offense to her, because she's brilliant, it's just like, social expectations, you know? I've got this misogynist boss who would just have a field day if he knew how much I was devouring these books. He's nothing at all like the hero from the books, the bad boy with a heart of gold. But I wish he was.

I tell her how much I wish I could find a guy like that. How lonely I am. How I feel like a failure, letting myself get walked all over. This isn't how it's supposed to be. We're supposed to be strong, capable, modern women. We're not supposed to take any shit.

I write all of this, and then, for some fucking reason, I actually press "send."

I immediately pass out in my armchair.

The next morning, I wake up just in time to throw on some clothes and catch the train. Forgoing my usual beauty regimen, I know I'm going to deal with some complete crap from Mr. Risinger, but that thought doesn't mortify me as much as the memory of what I wrote to Natalie McBride last night.

I force myself not to check my email.

I make it until lunch.

"Meghan," Mr. Risinger intones, as he brushes past my desk. Always with his hip so close to me, trying his damnedest to be unnerving. Besides my mother, he's the only one who calls me by my full name, and I fucking hate the sound of it.

"Mr. Risinger," I say, in as neutral a tone as I can manage. I can feel his eyes raking over me, and I begin to formulate a comeback.

"Rough night?" He's resting his fingers on my desk, just slightly, just enough to make his presence impossible to ignore. "I noticed you didn't ride your broomstick today, but you certainly look the part."

"Yeah, the rest of the coven had me up all hours," I say, slamming the heel of my hand down on my stapler. "Speaking of which, how's that plague of frogs coming?" I clap my hand to my mouth in mock chagrin. "Oh, shit, have you not been out to your car yet today? Did I ruin the surprise?"

"Really? Frogs? That's amateur hour. An experienced crone like yourself should at least be able to turn my drinking water into blood." He smirks, snatching a sheaf of papers and letting his slate-blue eyes dart over the text.

"Wouldn't that be redundant, Count?" I stand up, pushing my chair away from my desk. "Now if you'll excuse me, it's lunch time. Want me to swing by the Red Cross for you?"

He shakes his head. "Sorry, Meghan, you only get partial credit for that one. Try to be more original." He clears his throat, rolling his shoulders as he steps back. I absolutely do not notice how much his perfectly-cultivated stubble resembles that of Dirk, the billionaire boss of my fantasies. "Oh - and get those files copied before you run off to feast on the flesh of the living, will you?"

"Oh, and you're allowed to do a zombie joke off of my vampire joke? Really?" I call after him, but he's already practically out of earshot. Damn it, he walks fast.

And before I know it, I'm checking my email. Not my work email - the one I contacted Natalie from. The secret anonymous one that, even in my sleep-deprived stupor, I'd been smart enough to use.

She's answered.

My heart leaps into my throat and I click on it, before I can stop myself. I have to know.

Meg,

Thank you so much for writing! It really means a lot, knowing that my books can change people's lives for the better. You don't sound silly at all. A lot of people think books like this aren't important, but we all need escapist fantasies sometimes.

Your boss sounds like a piece of work. Not that this makes it any better, but I'm sure he doesn't mean to hurt you. He was probably just raised in a billion-dollar bubble, and he doesn't know how to interact with other humans. It's actually a pretty common affliction. Dirk was based on a real guy, who, believe it or not, sounds a lot like your boss. I just softened him around the edges, made him a little more tolerable. Artistic license, you know?

Oddly, it's kind of heartbreaking that there's no real Dirk. Or if there is, he's basically Mr. Risinger, but with a bit more of a conscience. The last thing I need in my life is more assholes.

I take a deep breath. She's being nice, although I'm sure I came across as a total nutcase. I'm afraid to look back at what I wrote, and I only remember snatches of it. It's better this way.

After some other polite shop talk, she ends with:

I hope you'll write back. A lot of people never answer my emails, like they think I'm too busy or they're bothering me, or something - but I want to hear how things go with your boss. I think you should try going a whole day without rising to his taunts. Just to see what happens, you know? Remember what Dirk said to Amanda - one of the reasons he teased her was because she would always deal it back, and he loved having someone in his life who'd actually talk to him that way. When you dish it back to your boss, you're just doing exactly what he wants by popping his billion-dollar bubble.

And if it doesn't work, well, you'll have a whole day to think of new insults.

xoxo,

Natalie

I have to chuckle. I can't really remember the last time I made an effort to bite my tongue around Mr. Risinger, but I find it hard to believe that her theory is right. That might have been the case for Dirk, but Mr. Risinger's been riding my ass since the day I started working here.

But it's not quite the same, is it? He didn't really start taunting me until I started pushing back. Shit, maybe Natalie's right.

It's a little too late for the "whole day" plan, but I resolve to start now and make it through at least half of tomorrow without taking his bait. Just to see how it goes.

I finish copying the files like he wanted, then run down to the cafeteria for a sandwich. I'd rather go to a proper restaurant, or at least Panera or something, but he's packed my schedule so full today I barely have time to leave the building.

"Back from the hunt so soon?" Mr. Risinger asks, suddenly appearing beside me while I have a mouth full of tuna salad. His timing is impeccable as always. "Did you accidentally stumble into direct sunlight?"

I struggle to chew and swallow, the lump sticking in my throat for entirely too long.

Dear Lord, please don't let this happen. Please don't let me die in a tuna salad mishap while Satan himself looks on.

Finally, it all goes down.

I clear my throat. "The files are on your desk, sir."

"Oh, I like it when you call me that." He's grinning, but I just look at him mildly, playing the innocent, ordinary, businesslike secretary.

"I'll keep that in mind, sir. Is there anything else I can do for you at the moment?"

He's just staring, trying to figure me out. Trying to read me, and gloriously, failing. It feels good. I'm so glad I took Natalie's advice.

Finally, he just brushes past me and retreats into his office, slamming the door behind him.

I promise I'm getting to the thing with the ashtray.

So that's how it goes. For the rest of the day, I don't even see him. It's like he's decided I'm not worth talking to, if I don't come up with a bunch of creative ways to call him a subhuman bloodsucking waste of space. And as satisfying as the insults can sometimes be, I find I prefer this.

When I get home, I write Natalie back right away, telling her that her advice worked. It's Friday, and by Saturday morning I haven't heard back. I'm disappointed, but realistically, she probably doesn't answer fanmail on weekends.

Fanmail. Jesus. What kind of person have I turned into?

In the end, I don't hear back from Natalie for a couple of weeks. I finally stop thinking about it, and within a few days, Mr. Risinger pushes me to the breaking point and we're back to snarling at each other.

Finally, though, she writes back. She tells me how glad she is that things have worked out, and she's sorry she's been too busy to answer. She tells me she's still working a full-time job in addition to being a novelist, which kind of blows my mind, but I guess there are people like that. Me, I can't imagine having the creative energy to do anything after I get home across the river Styx.

She talks about her writing process and what a struggle it is sometimes to publish a book, like pushing your little chicks out to swim on their own, and knowing there's nothing you can do for them after a certain point. She's been dealing with a lot of anxiety and stress about her latest book, so her email's been neglected. She hopes I understand.

I feel weirdly comfortable with her, so I find myself answering right away, telling her all about my family problems and the reasons why I think I put up with Mr. Risinger in the first place. I tell her that maybe, if I can ever manage to find my way out of this job, I might be able to use her books as a safe outlet for my obvious pathological need for irritating bad boys. Better in fiction than in real life.

She answers quickly, this time, and she's got me giggling. I feel the kind of warm glow in my chest that I haven't experienced in such a long time. Is this what it feels like to have a friend?

I even confess to her that Mr. Risinger is probably just as sexy as Dirk, although I can't verify if he knows how to handle a woman quite as well. That seems to amuse her:

Haha, really? I specifically created Dirk with the idea in mind that NO real man could measure up. I've got to meet this guy.

I shoot back a quick response.

Is he really that sexy? Well, let's put it this way: when he walks into a room, this song plays.

LINK: Youtube - Sex and Candy - Marcy Playground

She answers almost immediately.

Oh my God, I died laughing. I don't know what I was expecting. This, maybe.

LINK: Youtube - Moving in Stereo - The Cars

I laugh for five minutes straight.

For a couple more weeks, we're emailing back and forth at a rapid pace. Mostly outside of work hours, although I find myself chuckling at things that happen throughout the day that I know I'll enjoy telling her about later.

You're acting like you've got a crush on her.

The thought pops in, unwelcome, and I'm not sure from where. Obviously, I don't. I'm not into girls. I'm pretty sure she's married. And anyway, I've just forgotten what it's like to have a friend. That's all. Not that we're friends, exactly. But we could be.

"What's so funny?"

Rise above it, rise above it.

But then I see his face, and everything flares up inside me. He's still cultivating that ridiculous two day's growth on his firm jawline, and he's walking in that particular way, like maybe he went and lifted weights on his lunch break. He certainly has a body that hints at some kind of regular strength training.

I'm remembering the scene where Amanda secretly watches Dirk doing his bench presses and basically soaks through her panties, and now I'm blushing. Great.

"Nothing," I mutter, quickly.

"Good," Mr. Risinger says. "I need you in my office."

When he disappears through the door and I don't immediately follow, he pops his head out a moment later.

"Now," he clarifies, with no hint of humor on his face.

Here we fucking go.

Bracing myself, I walk in, and shut the door behind me.

"Sit down, Meghan," he says. His face is serious and his fingers are interlaced. Shit, this can't be good. He doesn't look angry, and he doesn't look mischievous - it's like I don't even know him anymore.

I do what he asks, folding my hands in my lap. Waiting.

"You might recall," he starts, "the non-disclosure agreement that you signed when you started working here."

"I do."

"Then I trust I don't need to remind you of the steps we're authorized to take, if it's discovered that you've violated any part of that agreement."

My heart's hammering. "Am I being accused of something, sir?"

His brow knits. "Of course not," he says. "This is preemptive. The conversation we're about to have is confidential. Do you understand everything that implies?"

"Yes, sir." I have a feeling, whatever he's about to tell me, I'm going to wish for some brain bleach. Or a time machine.

He leans forward slightly. "Are you much of a reader, Meghan?"

I'm fucking blushing again. "No," I say, as coolly as I can manage. "Never really have the time."

He nods, glancing down at his desk for a moment. "Well, you're about to be. I need you to read a series of books in the next few weeks. Get to know them intimately. It's not all that much - about three hundred thousand words in total. You should be able to get through them quickly. They're light reading."

If they're anything like Natalie's, it should be no problem at all. But of course, I could never be so lucky.

"Okay," I say.

Then, he reaches into his desk drawer.

He puts a stack of books on his desk, one by one.

And that's when the world briefly stops turning.

It has to be a coincidence. It has to be. But it can't be, can it?

HIS SECRETARY.

HIS SECRETARY: STRIPPED.

HIS SECRETARY: BOUND.

HIS SECRETARY...every single one of them, in beautiful matte paperback, laid out in front of me. Part of my brain shuts down, while another part of my brain blessedly snaps into action and finds the presence of mind to react the way Old Meg would have - the Meg who hadn't yet discovered the majesty of Natalie McBride.

"Do I have to call H.R. on you, Mr. Risinger?" I hear myself say, coolly.

He just smirks. He's got the H.R. manager, wrapped around his little finger. And he knows it.

"Now Meghan," he says, with that wolf smile, "as you remind me on a daily basis, you're not my secretary. You're my administrative assistant."

I take a deep breath.

"What do you need me to read them for?"

He leans back in his chair, hands resting in his lap. Mirroring me. People like Mr. Risinger only engage in that kind of behavior when they're trying to be persuasive. But the dynamic of our relationship doesn't really call for a lot of persuading from his side.

What the fuck is going on?

"I need you to be her." He taps the author name on the cover.

NATALIE MCBRIDE.

"I..." This time, my whole brain shuts down for a moment. "Be her?"

He nods, once. "It's simple enough. Get to know the books well enough that you could plausibly pretend like you've written them. Trust me, the readers won't be asking in-depth literary analysis questions."

"The...readers?" I echo, noticing that he hasn't really answered my question.

"Natalie McBride is going on tour," he says, with a smile that's strangely subdued, by his standards. "Signings. Conventions. You've even been invited to a panel discussion on Feminism in Romance Literature. Doesn't that sound like it's right up your alley?"

His eyes glint with amusement, but he's still holding something back. I can feel it.

"Why can't she do it herself?" I ask him.

This isn't even close to the first thing that needs to be addressed right now - panel discussions? - but it feels like something important to ask. My head's swimming, trying to remember if Mr. Risinger's company is somehow the parent conglomerate of the book group that publishes Natalie's books, but how can I be expected to keep track of these things? And even if it was, why the hell would someone on Mr. Risinger's level be involved?

"Because," he says, his grin breaking through again. "You're looking at her."

Chapter Two

The shock hits me first, like a bucket of cold water. Then my heart drops through my stomach.

Then, I start remembering the emails.

Oh God, oh shit. He must be toying with me. There's no way he wouldn't recognize me. Not with everything I told her.

Him. Told him.

Oh God.

I'm pretty sure I'm going to vomit, but I feel like that's not going to make my situation any better.

And that's when I look at the ashtray, and then at his head.

This fucker. He's wormed his way into every part of my life somehow, ruining everything - except this. This was all I had, until now.

It's improbable. It's nearly impossible that he'd somehow be involved with the one series of books that's been able to make me smile in the last decade of my life.

Make me smile. Make me come.

Oh Jesus God, I have masturbated to words that this man wrote.

I'm going to need something heavier than an ashtray.

"You look pale," Mr. Risinger muses, opening another desk drawer. "Bourbon?"

It's fucking eleven o'clock in the morning, but I nod.

I watch him, with the one part of my brain that doesn't feel like it's on fire. And he doesn't seem like he's fucking with me. He really, truly doesn't. Mr. Risinger relishes fucking with me, so unless this is some kind of long con, he genuinely doesn't realize that I've read the books. Could he really be that dense?

Or...someone else answers his emails. But who else knows? Who else could he possibly trust with this information?

"I don't get it," I say, finally. "You're a romance novelist?"

He shrugs, setting the glass of bourbon in front of me. "I had an idea one day. I told a few authors I know, they all laughed it off. So naturally...I took that as a challenge." There's that predator smile again. Oddly, I feel more comfortable with it back in my life. "New York Times bestseller. Suck it."

I take a long swallow of bourbon, and relish the burn going down. "So...obviously, you can't show up as Natalie, looking like...that." One hundred and ten percent male, is the part that I don't say - I just leave it implied. Which, honestly, isn't all that much better.

"Obviously," he agrees. "But I've got you."

"But...why do the conventions at all?" I clear my throat. I'm trying, desperately, to project a normal level of curiosity until I can work my way around to asking who handles his correspondence.

"My publicist insists I've reached a tipping point," he says, looking bored with it. "And honestly, I wouldn't care that much, but it means a lot to her. She's invested a lot of time and energy in me, and the more successful I get, the more successful she can be."

That's...not the Adrian Risinger I know. Frowning at him, I swirl my glass. "This seems like an awful lot of hassle just to throw your publicist a bone."

He lets out a little snort of laughter. "Just to head this one off at the pass - no, I'm not fucking her. And no, I don't want to. Well - I mean, I wouldn't say no. But it's not urgent. It's not mandatory."

His eyes glint, and I briefly wonder what measures he would take if he considered it mandatory to fuck someone. I'm not sure I want to know. Except that I definitely do.

I'm picturing her already, the kind of girl that Mr. Risinger would want to fuck, but not urgently. Long blonde hair flowing down in waves, probably. Very willowy. Very put-together. The polar opposite of me.

"It just seems like the thing to do," he says. "Cultivating some goodwill in the world. God knows I've done enough strictly for me."

I take another sip. "You're being very candid, Mr. Risinger."

He leans forward a bit. "Please," he says. "We're going to be spending a lot of time together, Meghan. Call me Adrian."

I can feel my lips drawing into a thin line. "Doesn't it bother you, having to act like a woman all the time when you post on Facebook, or answer emails from your fans? Mr. Risinger?"

It's a pointed question, but I don't care anymore. I have to know.

And no, I am not going to start fucking calling him Adrian.

He frowns a little. "No, I don't even look at that shit." He's making a dismissive gesture. "My publicist handles all the fan interaction."

I exhale, slowly. So it's possible - likely, even - that he has no idea. Never even saw those emails, has no idea that I've read his books.

His books. Shit.

I am so not equipped to deal with this.

He's added one more thing to the pile of books, I realize - a printed manuscript, not bound, just held together with loose rings.

"That's the book you'll be promoting," he says. "I've just finished it. Please excuse any typos, my editors haven't had a chance to attack it yet."

"Of course," I say, faintly. I can't let on that I'm basically plotting his murder, because I can't give him the ammunition. He can't know how devastated I am.

It feels like I've lost a friend.

Deep down, I know how ridiculous this is. How ridiculous all of it is. I'm so lonely and pathetic that I let myself get unnaturally attached to fictional characters, and then I transferred that attachment onto the person I thought had written them. But it was a lie. All of it was a lie.

"Really - Meghan - are you feeling all right?" Mr. Risinger is staring at me. "You actually do look like one of the undead."

"I'm fine," I snap. "I just...I just need..." What's a good excuse? "I get stage fright. You know. Social anxiety." Yeah, that's it. It's even a little bit true. "I don't know if I can do this."

Normally I'd never show weakness with a shark in the water, but this is infinitely preferable to the truth.

"Oh, you'll be fine." Mr. Risinger waves a dismissive hand. "I'll coach you. You've just got to..."

"So help me, if you say the word 'bootstraps' I will tell everyone in the entire world that you write middle-aged-lady jackoff material," I snarl. "NDA be damned."

His eyebrows go up, a fraction of an inch. "That's a very colorful description," he says. "I trust you'll find they're a little more than jackoff material. Although, speaking from experience..." He's smiling.

"Ugh." I grab the stack of books before he can continue that train of thought. "Please. Fucking spare me. If any of these pages are sticky, by the way, I'm burning all of them."

The idea that Mr. Risinger and I have masturbated to the same thing, ever, is legitimately horrifying. Neither more or less horrifying than the fact that it was something he wrote. Just a different kind of horrifying.

"Sorry," he says, not looking sorry at all. "But no, I promise you, those are brand new, fresh copies. Just for you." He winks. He fucking winks at me.

"Jesus." I look down at the pile in my arms. "You know, I always suspected you were the kind of guy to jerk off to your own reflection, but this is a step too far."

And with that parting barb, I go to my doom.

***

I'm sitting in my living room with the fucking manuscript in my hand.

A day ago, no, hours ago, I would have been overjoyed to be holding the next installment of His Secretary. Thrilled beyond belief. But that was before I knew the truth.

Gnawing on my fingernails, I wonder if Mr. Risinger's publicist had ever mentioned me, even in passing. If she'd guessed that I might actually work for him. It was a hell of a coincidence.

Unless.

Heart twisting in my chest, I pull up Natalie McBride's author page. I don't want to look, but I have to.

I have to know.

I scroll down to the first book in the series, eyes searching for the publication date.

Instantly, my throat goes dry.

Hands shaking, I go to open up the resume document that I keep updated in my backups. I always have my dates of employment in there, one hundred percent accurate. After a few years of working for a madman, you'd be surprised how easy it is to forget little details like days and months and years.

I'm praying that I've misremembered, that I haven't really been with Mr. Risinger for as long as I think I have. Because if my memory is correct, then...

Two months.

Two months after I started working for him, he published His Secretary.

No. I can't. I can't handle the idea that my fucking insufferable boss used flowery literature as an outlet for his lust towards me. For one thing, it's the most ridiculous idea I've ever heard in my life. It just...it just can't be true.

But nothing he said contradicted it. All he told you is that he "had an idea."

No. I won't accept it. I can't.

Coincidences are all around us. We never want to accept it, we're always looking for an explanation, but that's foolish.

Still, I'm trying to remember if he describes Amanda in the book. You know, physically. I can't go back and look. I don't dare. In fact, in the fan communities online, I'm pretty sure I recall people posting such wildly variant examples of how they picture her - he must not have. Or, everyone is just stridently ignoring it.

Oh my God, are you seriously considering this? Are you really sitting here right now, trying to figure out if Adrian Fucking Risinger wants you so badly that he wrote a series of books about it?

Look at him, Meg. Look at him, and then look at you.

I don't want to.

I know what I look like, particularly when I'm sitting down. My hips seem like they're a mile wide, my belly a little roll that I always try to hide when I'm in public. All these years, Adrian Risinger has called me everything imaginable - a witch, a zombie, a bloodsucking parasite (oh, the irony!) but never once has he called me fat.

I've never stopped to wonder why that is, but I do now.

Nobody else has ever bothered to pull punches. In high school, in college, I heard the way people snickered about me behind my back. People who were supposed to be my friends. Oh my God, I saw her eating a huge sandwich the other day. I wanted to tell her to vomit it up later.

There's nothing about me that's particularly glamorous. At my thinnest, I still have childish freckles and unruly red hair. Heroines in romance novels aren't described like me.

Dirk certainly isn't based on him - not physically, anyway. He's got the typical dark hair, dark eyes, blah blah blah thing going on - all the book boyfriends basically look the same, but Mr. Risinger is more of a dirty blond, and a little too tall. His clear blue gaze doesn't so much smolder, as it sears - like a laser, through six inch plated lead.

Shaking my head, I try to bring myself back to the present. I can't do this. I can't sit here and read this fucking book. I'm seriously thinking about quitting, because even if Mr. Risinger isn't serious about this being a condition of my job, I won't be able to handle working for the guy, knowing what I know now. I mean, how can I? Am I just supposed to pretend that I don't know?

And more importantly, without "Natalie's" books to keep me company, will I even be able to get through the day without trying to kill him?

The thing is, I don't have a choice. I'm sitting here, pretending to debate my options, when I already know what I'm going to do. What I have to do. Mr. Risinger might need me, because nobody else can stand to be around him, but the worse part is that I need him too. "Codependent" doesn't even begin to describe it. I wouldn't know how to work with someone who isn't a selfish, paranoid egomaniac.

I used to roll my eyes at the idea of getting post-traumatic stress from your job, and I guess I'm being cosmically bitch-slapped for that now, because it's my reality. But the thing is, as long as I stay in my fucked-up environment, my own fucked-up-ness isn't so obvious. By definition, it's not dysfunctional. As long as I stay here, I'm sane.

With that cheery thought, I pour myself a giant glass of wine and open the first page.

Chapter Three

ARCHIVED ITEMS: MORE THAN ONE MONTH OLD

To:

From:

From:

"If you don't tell me who it was, I'll just yell at all of them," he says, mouth twisting into a humorless smile. "So you might as well spill."

Taking a deep breath, I stare him down, unwavering. "I just told you: I did it. So you can go ahead and rant at the interns all you like, but you're just going to look like a crazy person."

"I have to save my voice for the board meeting anyway," he says. "I'll give you the rest of the day to come clean. And get me another coffee."

I blink at him. "We're all out."

He gives me a so what? look.

"No," I blurt out, before I have a chance to stop myself. "Mr. Risinger, I can't. Not today. I didn't even have time to place the order in the first place."

"Ah ha." His eyes glitter, and he sits up in his chair. "I knew you were lying."

Fuck. Me.

I have to take a cab across town to the "only coffee shop that actually makes something worth drinking," and it's going to be at least half an hour, and I do not have time for this.

Plus, now he's not going to stop hounding me until I tell him which intern screwed up the order.

Plus, I've barely slept, and I have whatever the female equivalent of blue balls is.

I'm either going to end up killing him, or humping his leg. Either way, I might as well clean out my desk now.

***

There's an accident on the way to the coffee shop, and it takes me almost an hour to get back. I'm considering decking myself out in riot gear before I walk into his office, but he looks a lot calmer than I was expecting. When I set his cup down, he doesn't even seem to notice me at first. But then he looks up from his drafting paper and sort of nods in acknowledgement.

"So." He makes a shut the door gesture, and I do. "What did you think?"

I sit down, folding my hands across my lap, watching him evenly. "About what?"

"The books, Meghan." He gives me a pointed look. "Did you get enough sleep last night? I hope they didn't keep you up."

I don't know how I'm keeping my composure, but I'm gonna be pissed if I don't at least get a Golden Globes nomination for this. "Dunno. I feel like I might've missed something. I should probably read the other ones so I can follow the plot."

Pretty convincing. I'm feeling fairly smug.

Mr. Risinger frowns. "What do you mean, the other ones? Didn't you start with the first book?"

Shitfuckdamn.

"No," I say, slowly. "I just, uh, I thought they were standalone."

He's drumming his fingers on the desk, the way he does when his patience is frayed down to the very last thread. "Did the volume numbers not provide an adequate clue?"

I roll my eyes, trying to remember how normal-Meg - or whatever passes for her nowadays - would have reacted in this situation. "I don't know, Mr. Risinger. I didn't examine them closely. I just pulled one out of my bag on the way home and I started reading. I didn't know it was a continuing storyline, or I would've paid more attention."

My boss looks like he's holding something back. Usually, when he's biting his tongue, it's to keep from hurling insults at the senior partners. But this isn't that. No, not quite. I can't figure out why he'd feel the need to hold anything back from me; God knows he never does. Except basic human courtesy.

"Well, let me catch you up," he says. "They fight, they fuck, they fall in love. Lather, rinse, and repeat. Not always in that order."

"They fall in love more than once?" Don't blush. Don't blush. Don't you dare fucking blush.

"Of course. I have to keep things interesting somehow," he says. "Fall in love, fall out of love, fall back in - my readers have been locked in the same secure, level-headed, boring relationships for decades. They don't want to read about Dirk and Amanda unloading the fucking dishwasher."

I actually wouldn't mind, but he's not really asking for my feedback. Not intentionally, anyway. I still can't resist getting a barb in. "You know your readers awfully well, for somebody who's never actually met an average middle-American housewife."

"I know how they spend their money," he says, dryly. "And that's all that matters."

I've known Mr. Risinger for a long time, so I shouldn't be particularly grossed-out. But even I was taken in. I actually thought Natalie McBride was a kindred spirit, and that she cared about her characters and her writing, and the way she connected with readers. Mr. Risinger just wants to pad his already obscenely swollen pockets, and that's legitimately horrifying.

"Why do you do this?" I ask him.

It comes out unbidden. I don't mean it as a genuine question, but now that it's hit the air, I realize it kind of sounds like one. And it's thrown my boss for a loop, more than I would have expected. He frowns a little, his brows knitting together slightly, and I wonder if he has the same permanent headache there that I do. I tried taking a yoga class once for coping strategies, but I left in shame when my phone went off during the silent meditation portion. It was Mr. Risinger, of course. And my fault for not turning it off. I never went back, but I do remember they talked a lot about holding tension in your third eye center.

If Mr. Risinger has a third eye, he definitely uses it for nefarious purposes only.

"I told you already," he says. "I had an idea and I wanted to make it happen, especially when people told me I couldn't."

"So, spite, then." I cross my legs at the knee, delicately. I'm tugging my skirt down while I do it, and I notice his eyes following my hemline. "That's not a very good answer to give the readers, when I meet them."

He pauses, halfway through reaching into his bourbon drawer. "When? I'm surprised at you, Meghan. I expected more of a fight."

I shrug. "The whole thing threw me off for a minute, but it's not like I can afford to turn down an extra paycheck."

It's genetically impossible for this man to feel guilt, although he does offer me a glass of bourbon again, which I decline this time.

"I just brought you coffee," I point out, as he puts ice in his glass. I don't even know where the hell he keeps ice in his fucking desk.

He stirs the bourbon with his finger (what?) and then sucks it into his mouth, licking off the alcohol. My heart stops beating for about five seconds, and then kicks in, trying to make up for lost time.

"Hmm," he agrees. "I think I've lost the taste for it, by now. It's nearly lunchtime."

I'm going to kill him. I'm going to do it. I am going to murder him with the shards of his own decanter, and not a court in the land would convict me.

"I've got actual work to do today," I point out. "The expense reports have to be reformatted, and accounting says if you send them back one more time...well, I don't know, something about the tyranny of evil men, and striking down with great vengeance and furious anger. I'll have to refer to my notes if you want specifics."

He rolls his eyes at me. "So send them back."

"That's easy for you to say. You don't have to listen to them piss and moan."

"Christ." Mr. Risinger pinches the bridge of his nose. "You can't do everyone's job for them, Meghan. Why do women always do that?"

"Because shit gets done." I re-fold my arms across my chest, tighter. "It's easier to just take care of it than listen to people complain."

"Then don't listen!" He makes an abstract, frustrated gesture with his hands. "Tell them it's not your problem. Walk away."

"Right." I laugh. "That ought to go over well."

He gets up and paces over to the window. "Who cares how it goes over? You work for me, not them."

"Yes, and I'm your human touch." I sigh heavily, leaning back in my chair. "I have to be soft and approachable because you're not. Half of this office would've quit by now if they actually had to talk to you on a regular basis."

Mr. Risinger glances over his shoulder at me, and the look on his face tells me that this man has no idea what I actually do all day. The amount of time I spend apologizing for him. All the time and effort I put into persuading the people he thinks he's managing. I haven't literally talked someone off of a ledge yet, but I feel like it's only a matter of time.

"So stay tonight and do the reports," he says. "If you're so insistent on doing Accounting's job for them, it'll have to wait until you're finished with everything I need."

Maybe it's just a defense mechanism to keep my brain from processing what he's actually just suggested, but there's something about the way he says everything I need that makes my stomach flutter.

I take a deep breath. "I've got plans."

"No you don't." He smirks at me. "Relax. I'll pay you time and a half."

Lord grant me the serenity to not stab him in the face with his letter-opener.

"I'm salaried, Mr. Risinger," I say, through carefully clenched teeth.

"A bonus, then." He waves his hand at nothing. "Whatever. You know, I don't have to offer you anything. If you don't send them back, technically you're being insubordinate."

"I'm insubordinate every day of my life," I point out, unable to hold back a little laugh at the absurdity of this conversation. "It's never been a problem before."

He turns to me, smiling, and for some reason that smile makes my breath quicken a little. "You can be mean to them. I promise, no harm will come to you."

"Except to my reputation." I raise an eyebrow at him. "You act like that, you're being authoritative. I act like that, and I'm being a cold bitch."

Mr. Risinger shakes his head. "You of all people should know, the only proper way to deal with double standards is a roundhouse kick, right to the face." He makes a demonstrative gesture.

"Yes, good. Solving every problem with violence. Did you learn that in your Women's Studies workshop, too?"

He sprawls back down in his chair. "Have it your way. You think Miss Emma Peel worried about the glass ceiling? Not on your life. Kicked right through it."

"Yeah, I'm going to avoid taking my life advice from people who fight crime in SandM outfits and four-inch heels." I stand up. "Good talk, though."

He tuts softly. "So judgmental. I'm sending you to that workshop, Ms. Burns. You could learn a thing or two."

***

It's after hours, and I'm in the zone. As much as I hated the idea of staying late to work on it, a mindless spreadsheet is exactly what I need right now. As I tab my way along the rows, with Nicki Minaj blasting in my earbuds, I'm actually starting to relax a little bit.

Until someone reaches over my shoulder, and like a completely normal and mature adult human, yanks the plug of my headphones out.

MY ANACONDA DON'T - MY ANACONDA DON'T -

I slam the screen shut, silencing the music.

"I thought you went home." I'm playing it cool, even though I already visibly jumped out of my skin. Mr. Risinger leans up against my desk, casual as you please, so his hip is about three millimeters from my shoulder. I'm trying not to look at him, but there's nothing on my desk to stare at, except my name plate. If I open my computer again it'll be to the dulcet tones of Sir Mix-a-Lot. I'm already fucked, the next thing out of Mr. Risinger's mouth is almost certainly going to include the phrase baby got back, but I have to at least try controlling the damage.

"I would've taken you for more of a Taylor Swift girl," he says, grabbing into the edges of my desk and smiling down at me. "It's nice to know you can still surprise me."

"I have layers," I tell him, still staring at nothing. "Not everyone is as one-dimensional as you."

He grins. "It's after-hours, so I'm going to overlook the policy violation, but don't let the interns see you with headphones. You know how they are."

"Fallible human beings?" I look up at him, smiling coolly. "Disgusting, isn't it?"

"All I know is, I wouldn't have been able to get away with half the shit they pull. Not when I was their age." He shakes his head. "This generation thinks everybody owes them something."

"You know the Boomers think the same thing about us." I pick up my stapler, then put it back down. "And the Greatest Generation thought the same thing about the Baby Boomers. And..."

"Yes, yes, everyone's terrible," he says, impatiently. "Do you have anything to wear for the signing?"

It takes me a second to catch up. "Uh...I'm not really sure what's expected."

"Well, you need to look successful." His eyes drift over my body, and my breath catches in my throat in spite of myself. "So...you know, not that."

He digs into his pocket and produces a wallet that probably cost more than my entire wardrobe. Making a quiet, thoughtful noise, he pulls out a card and drops it on the desk in front of me. I swear it almost makes an audible thunk. It looks like it's made of obsidian.

"Get yourself a few nice outfits," he says. "Five or six, at least, because if this goes well, there's a conference coming up in Austin that I can get a last-minute registration to."

"Um." I pick it up, feeling like there's a punchline coming. "Okay. I don't really..."

"Money's no object," he says, with a dismissive gesture. "Obviously."

I look up at him. He's smiling, like he knows exactly how obnoxious he's being.

"Obviously," I echo. And then I smile back, because sometimes I just can't help it.

He holds my gaze for a moment, and I realize I'm opening my mouth to speak.

"Thank you, Adrian."

At first, there's no reaction. Then his eyes open a fraction wider, I'm sure I'm not imagining it - his face softening slightly in confusion and genuine surprise. I don't know why I said it. I don't know why I called him Adrian. I don't think of him that way, except now apparently I do.

"Right, well," he says, suddenly, pushing off my desk and disappearing down the hallway. "No problem. It's a business expense."

I don't actually think it is, but that's between him and his accountant. It's funny, though, how he almost seems to be deflecting it. Normally he absorbs any positive attention like a sponge. Or any negative attention, for that matter.

Who the hell is this man, and what did he do with my boss?

Chapter Four

ARCHIVED ITEMS: MORE THAN ONE MONTH OLD

To:

"Shouldn't H.R. be handling this?" I'm not really sure what else to say.

He smiles, thinly. "Ask me again tomorrow when I'm interviewing for a new head of department."

Jesus. "Did they blow her off?"

"Well, it seems Kelly is good friends the Mr. Morgan's sister. Their kids have soccer together. And people ask me why my ultimate dream is to staff a company entirely with robots."

"If I was his sister, I'd throw him under the bus so fucking fast..." I'm scowling. "But, who knows if his family even has a clue."

Adrian's smile grows a tiny bit warmer. "I know you would," he says. "That's one of the main reasons why I keep you around here. Can you sit in in on the bloodbath?"

What he's really asking me is if I'll be comfortable. Which is a strange question, coming from him, even hidden between the lines. "It would be my pleasure," I tell him. H.R. regulations insist on a witness for firing meetings, and I've done it before in a pinch, but this one should be particularly satisfying.

I take a deep, calming breath while he buzzes for Mr. Morgan to please come to his office. Adrian sits down, cracks his knuckles, and rolls his neck.

Showtime.

"Jeeze, it's like a funeral in here." Mike looks around the room, and I can practically hear the crickets in his head. "Am I in trouble, or something?"

A beat.

"Sit down, please." Adrian's voice is as cold as a marble floor. "I heard a disturbing story about you this morning. I think you know the incident I'm referring to."

Mike goes white as a sheet. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Let me refresh your memory. It involved an intern named Ashley, and your hand." He folds his arms across his chest, and it's probably the most terrifying thing I've ever seen in my life. "Ringing any bells yet?"

"No," Mike insists, his voice getting quieter every time.

Adrian sighs, crisply. "I saw it on camera, Mike. Let's stop with this."

"What exactly did you see?" He swallows hard.

"Your hand grabbing her ass, mostly." Adrian fiddles with a pen between his fingers. "And you whispering some very sweet endearments in her ear, I'm sure. Does that jog your memory?"

Mike swallows again. "It was an accident."

Adrian gives him a look that could curdle milk.

"I was just joking around," Mike tries, his hands shaking now. "It was...just a little..."

Adrian's fingers are beating out that snare on the desk again. Somewhere, the hangman ties his noose.

"You know how they are!" Mike finally bursts out, angrily. "Always playing coy and acting like they don't want the attention, but they..."

I'm swallowing down a mouthful of bile. Adrian stands up, abruptly. His nostrils flare.

"Security will escort you to your car, Mr. Morgan," he says, softly. "And if you so much as speak to Ashley again, or make eye contact with her on the street, or get on the same subway car, I will fucking find you." He tilts his head slightly closer to the still-seated, nearly-hyperventilating man. "Don't give me a reason to remember your name."

***

My head is still swimming as I walk through the boutique. I'm picking things up without even looking at the price tags, which I didn't think I'd be able to do, but I'm so distracted it's actually not difficult at all.

This is a side to Adrian I've never seen before. I can't stop picturing the look on his face, even as I try on a few outfits, including a few that would probably impress even him.

Righteously angry. Fiercely protective. Two concepts I had never associated with my boss, until now.

I'm halfway to the checkout when a display catches my eye.

Silky underwear.

I'm pretty sure I've never owned silky underwear. Cotton - preferably whichever brand is on sale - has always served me just fine. But now that I'm clutching Adrian Risinger's black Amex in my hot little hand, it almost seems sinful not to buy some silky underwear.

I mean, how would these outfits feel with my old, worn-out Hanes underneath? Nah, that's no good. Silky underwear it is.

After picking out a handful of pairs, in red, black, and a very girly pink, I head to the register. The cashier is both gorgeous and curvy herself, which I appreciate. She compliments me on my purchases, and when I hand her Mr. Risinger's card to swipe, she glances up at me with a secretive smile.

"So...you must have liked it, huh?" she asks.

"Um." I glance at my new purchases, then back up at her. "...it?"

"The...the nightie..." Her eyes widen. "Oh, shit. I'm sorry. I just assumed - he bought it right before Valentine's day, I figured he must've given it to you already. I hope I didn't ruin the surprise."

My brain stutters a few times. "...he?"

"Mr. Risinger," she says, nodding at the card she's just handed back to me. "Your, uh...your boyfriend, I assume. Or, you know, whatever. I don't judge."

I make an effort to swallow, although my throat suddenly feels very dry. "He bought ah, uh, nightie here?" I manage to ask.

She nods, biting her lip nervously. "If you could call it that. I mean, it's very cute, but not exactly practical." A nervous giggle escapes her. "Jeeze, I'm really - I'm really sorry. I should've kept my mouth shut. Please don't say anything to him - my boss will kill me if she thinks I scared him off."

"It's fine, really. He must've decided to save it for another special occasion. I won't say a word." I give her a brave smile, so she relaxes a little, because she's clearly afraid that she's stumbled into some big old dramatic mess.

It's only reasonable that she should assume this credit card belongs to either my boyfriend or my sugar daddy. After all, I'm not wearing a ring. But there's the question of why Mr. Risinger was here before Valentine's day, buying a nightie.

Not a real question, actually. In fact, it's exactly none of my business. I have no idea what his love life consists of, and I greatly prefer it that way. But it never occurred to me that he'd be spending his time with, well...

Women who look like me. Buying lingerie for them, no less.

I try to hide my troubled expression until I walk out the door, because I don't want the cashier to think she's accidentally let on that he's cheating on me, or something.

So, Mr. Risinger likes them curvy.

That's...that's sure something.

Except it doesn't matter. It's irrelevant. Who cares what his sexual preferences are? It's not like I'm going to sleep with him. In all these years, he's never made a pass at me - if he wanted me, surely I'd know by now. And anyway, I would never do it. It's a terrible idea. He's so toxic, I'm pretty sure his dick probably contains some kind of Indiana Jones face-melting curse. Just being in the same room with him is bad enough.

But now, it's just one of those things. Like "don't think about pink elephants." The harder I try to forget, the harder it is to shake.

***

When I get back, Adrian's not in his office. I'm momentarily stumped. Normally, if someone needs to know where he is, I'm the one they ask. I try calling the main floor receptionist, and while she's not sure, she thinks he might be in the gym.

Well, that makes sense.

I haven't set foot in there since I was hired. I prefer to work out at home, away from judgmental eyes, especially if those eyes might belong to a coworker. Or my boss. I don't know what Adrian would say to me if he saw my routine, but I'm sure I'm doing it all wrong.

The place is huge. I'm very aware of the clack, clack, clack of my shoes as I walk through the equipment room and scan for him. Of course, he might be showering or getting dressed, in which case I'll just have to wait.

Showering. So. There's a really good chance that Adrian Risinger has been naked in this very building, where I come in and work every day.

That's not a thought I need to be having right now.

I recognize one of the guys from I.T. on a treadmill as I pass, so I give him a little wave.

"Hey," he pants, pulling out his earpiece. "What's up?"

"Have you seen Mr. Risinger?"

He jerks his thumb towards the double doors in the back of the room. "Pool, I think."

Well, shit.

"Thanks," I tell him, steeling myself.

It has been way, way, way too long since I indulged in a little harmless self-gratification. I still don't dare, lest I think about things I don't want to think about. Such as - well, exactly what I'm about to walk in and see.

Oh, for God's sake. Just go in there like a normal person and give him his credit card.

When I push the doors open, I'm actually looking forward to being slapped in the face with the warm, nauseating smell of chlorine. But it doesn't happen. I keep walking towards the massive pool, mindful of my completely traction-less shoes, keeping my eyes on the floor to avoid any puddles.

I can tell from the noise that he's swimming laps. Closing my eyes, I remember the feeling, the rushing sound that was somehow better than silence. The comforting glide of the water against my skin.

In spite of my better judgement, I open my eyes and I look at him.

He cuts through the water like a shark, each powerful stroke propelling him forward, the muscles in his arms and back tensing, reaching, under tanned and glistening skin.

This was a big mistake.

If he comes out of the water, he'll see me. I need to leave. I need to just turn around and -

His hand grasps the wall, just a few feet away from me. His head pops up a moment later, and he shakes the water out of his hair, swiping his fingers across his eyes and blinking rapidly.

"Take a picture, it'll last longer." He smiles at me, and I'm digging my fingernails into my palms.

"I was just..."

"Bringing me my credit card. I know." He gestures at a pile of clothes, neatly folded on one of the tables in the corner. "My stuff's over there. You could have just left it in my office."

"Didn't want to risk it getting stolen," I mutter, staring at my shoes, but I can still see his wet forearms resting on the side of the pool, so it's not really helping.

He snorts. "If there's someone at this company with enough balls to steal my credit card, I want to meet them. And promote them immediately." I can feel his eyes on me while I go and set his card down on top of his shirt. It smells like him. A cologne that's somehow sharp and little bit sweet, something I've never smelled before or since, on anyone but him.

"You know you can come here anytime, and swim," he says. "It's very nice. Saline instead of chlorine. You can open your eyes, and it doesn't hurt."

"Good to know." I should be walking to the door, but I'm not. He's looking at me with mischief in his eyes. "Don't you dare try to splash me."

"Splash you?" He touches his chest. "Me? Please. I was just trying to figure out how many counts of harassment you'd be able to file against me if I picked you up and threw you in."

I burst out laughing in spite of myself. "Just one, I imagine."

"No, I mean, cumulatively. I'm imaging some kind of 'straw that broke the camel's back' type of situation." He cocks his head. "Of course now I've ruined the element of surprise."

"Well, damn. Better luck next time." I'm trying to think of a reason to stay. I'm trying to think of a reason to leave. They're both coming up blank, and Adrian looks damn good with his hair slicked back.

"I can get you another swipe card, if you lost yours," he says. "I'm just saying."

I shake my head. "Why are you so obsessed with the issue of my pool access, all of a sudden? If you want to improve my working environment, I've got about a million suggestions that are higher up on the list."

He breaks into a wicked grin. "I'll bet you do. But I know you like to swim. You've got that trophy on your desk."

So I do. It's been there so long, I've been there so long, it just blends into the background. "Yeah, well, that was a long time ago."

"No one spontaneously starts to hate swimming, unless they almost drowned. And if you almost drowned, you wouldn't keep your swim meet trophy on your desk." He makes a voila sort of gesture.

"Wow. Great. You're like Columbo." I shift my weight from one foot to the other, but that doesn't really help the tingle between my legs. "Maybe I just don't have the time or energy, because my boss is a crazy person."

"You're not working now," he points out.

"Yeah, but I should be."

He laughs a little. "I'll give you two weeks of paid vacation if you get in right now."

Gaping at him, I shake my head. "What?"

"You heard me." He lifts two fingers. "Extra. Paid. As soon as the signing and the conference are over, before the busy season starts again. Just get in the pool splash around a little. Unless you're too scared."

My lips curl into a thin line. "I'm not scared," I insist.

"Good, then you have no reason not to do it." His eyes sparkle. "I'll be happy to actually get out and throw you in, if that'll make it easier."

"Right," I mutter. "You're going to pick me up."

Something dark flashes across his face, but it passes quickly. "That sounds an awful lot like a challenge."

"Trust me, you don't want to hurt yourself."

He frowns. "I'm not sure which one of us you're trying to insult, but if it's you, I'll kindly ask you to back off. That's my job."

He flicks a bit of water in my direction, but I dodge it. "Also, Ms. Burns, I could definitely bench-press you."

"That's the nicest thing you've ever said to me." I'm staring at the water, actually contemplating his insane offer. "I don't want to get my clothes wet."

"Well, you have two options, then." He feigns a thoughtful expression. "One, I'm pretty sure you can figure out on your own. I'd have to check the employee handbook, but I think it's probably a textbook example of things bosses aren't supposed to suggest to their employees. Two, you've got a bag of brand-new clothes to wear. Right in this very building."

"I'm pretty sure bosses aren't supposed to trade vacation time for wet t-shirt contests, either."

"Meghan. I'm offended." His voice drips with sinful promise, or maybe that's just my denied libido going into overdrive. "This isn't about me, this is about you having a little fun for once."

At that, I let out a very undignified guffaw. "Are you serious? You know you're the reason why I can't have any fun, right?"

"And that's exactly why it's up to me to fix it."

"You know what? Fine. This is ridiculous." I kick off my shoes, violently enough that they skitter across the floor. "You think I'm too uptight? Fine. Fine."

"I didn't say that."

Something inside me has snapped. I don't know what or why. Maybe it's just the cumulative effect of five years of this bullshit, and then having the enjoyment of my books taken away, and my friendship with Natalie, and now I've realized the only thing I really want is standing right in front of me with a maddening smile, but he might as well be ten thousand miles away, for how likely that is.

I'm unrolling my pantyhose, because that just seems like a bad idea in the pool, and Adrian is staring at me so hard I'm afraid I might catch on fire. Which wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing.

"Meghan, I was just kidding about the..."

I look up at him. He's...flustered, actually. And not in a bad way, which is a surprise. He looks intrigued, and a little...

Excited?

"What? Which part?" I throw the balled-up hose in the same vague direction as my shoes. "Relax, I just wanted to have some traction. I'm not going to corrupt your virgin eyeballs."

"The stripping," he says, a little quieter this time. "I was kidding about the stripping. Not the deal."

Of course he was. Adrian Risinger probably has a Victoria's Secret model waiting for him at home. Me, I don't even qualify as a "plus size" model. Too squidgy around the middle. Too many stretch marks. They don't even have cellulite, for fuck's sake. Whatever perfect creature Adrian bought that nightie for, she certainly only has curves in the exact right places.

I'm stepping into the water, and he's staring at me with something like awe. He didn't really expect me to do it. For once, I win - kind of. "How many weeks of vacation would I get for skinny-dipping with you?"

He shakes his head, slowly, his eyes locked on mine. "Don't, Meghan," he says, and I watch his grip around the edge of the pool tighten. "I know this is a laughable request, coming from me, but - have mercy."

This is ridiculous. He's got no reason to want to see me naked, except being on a massive power trip. "I don't think I will, on account of the security cameras," I tell him. I'm walking towards him, closing the distance between us, but he's not moving. "But what if I just stripped down to my bra and panties? That's basically no different than a bikini."

I've never worn a bikini in my life, but it's worth it to see the look on his face.

Maybe it's the full moon, or the saline seeping into his brain, but Adrian Risinger looks like he actually wants me. Me. I'm so giddy I've almost forgotten that I want him even more.

Oh well, I still have the upper hand. Right?

Is that how this works?

It's so long since I've been in mutual lust, I'm not even sure anymore.

"Not for the cameras," he says, quietly. "Please."

I smile at him. "But for you?"

His chest is rising and falling, very quickly. "Are you wearing a wire, Ms. Burns?"

Laughing softly, I take one more step towards him. We're close enough to touch, now. "Yeah, you got me. This is all part of a giant sting operation to finally make you pay for your multitude of sins. And I was the best bait they could come up with."

"Sounds plausible so far." He licks his lips, watching me.

"Fine." I grab his hand, and bring it to my stomach. His eyes are like saucers. "If you don't want me to strip in front of the cameras, then you can feel for yourself. No wires. No mind control devices. Just me."

His fingers splay out, feeling, caressing, his other hand joining in and pulling me closer. I make a little encouraging sound as his fingers pluck at the hooks of my bra, unfastening it under my shirt so he can slide under and feel my breasts, floating free in the water.

My arms hook around his neck as he presses his leg between my thighs, and I let out a keening moan. Fuck, fuck, fuck. It's been too long.

"If you wanted me, you should've just asked," he whispers, grabbing my hips and sliding me even closer until I can feel his hot, hard length pressing against my inner thigh. "I'll always make reasonable accommodations for an employee's health and comfort."

"Shut up," I whisper back.

He grins.

Swallowing hard, I try to still my movements. I need to stay in control of this situation. "How many weeks do I get for a kiss?" I ask him, turning my face up to his.

He shakes his head. "No bribes for that," he says, roughly. "If you want to kiss me, kiss me."

I do, and I do.

Until it's actually happening, I don't realize how badly I've wanted this, and for how long. It's five years worth of wanting. Five years worth of anger and frustration and misunderstandings and pure hostility. Five years of lust, five years of wanting to know what he tastes like.

Bourbon and citrus, it turns out.

Our tongues are at war, but he wins. And that's fine with me. While he plunders my mouth, his fingers find me, slipping underneath my panties, and if only we weren't in a pool he'd feel exactly how wet I am.

I can't hold back. The edges of my climax spark to life almost instantly, embarrassingly so, and it usually takes me a while to get used to a new lover's touch. Not that I've tried, lately.

He breaks the kiss, but he keeps his head close to mine, and we're breathing each other's breaths as lose myself to the rhythm of his fingers.

"Ah!" I cry out, sharply, as the pleasure crashes through my system. I don't know if it's one long orgasm or ten short ones, but by the time I'm finished shaking and moaning, he must have a cramp in his wrist.

He's not complaining, though.

My thighs are still wrapped around his leg like a vise. I reach into his swim trunks and grab him, throbbing and pulsing in my hand, long and thick like I imagined Dirk's would be. Not that this is really about Dirk and Amanda anymore. I'm starting to doubt it ever was.

How long have I wanted to do this? How many times have I pushed aside thoughts of how good he looked, those sinful lips, those expertly-tailored trousers that left no doubt in my mind which side he dressed to? You could almost count the change in his pockets, if he carried any, which of course he doesn't. Ruins the line of the suit.

"Please don't ask me how many vacation weeks for a handjob," he murmurs.

"I wasn't going to," I whisper. He shudders as my breath tickles his ear. "I just want to watch you come."

His breath catches in his throat and he groans softly, his knuckles whitening as he grips the wall.

The moment I get my wish, the spell is broken.

I can feel it. His eyes close when it happens, he makes a noise I can't even describe, but it's going to be echoing in my head for the rest of my life. And then his head falls forward, he's panting, and...

Yep. I just jerked off my boss in the pool.

He doesn't look at me, so I have to imagine something similar is going through his head. I let him go quickly, and we sort of drift away from each other, and I'm heading for the staircase and climbing out, the sudden weight of normal gravity and my soaking wet clothes trying to drag me back down.

"Meghan -"

I stop, water still streaming off of me.

"Don't go upstairs like that. I'll call one of the interns to bring down your clothes."

He hoists himself up over the side of the pool, from the deep end, because of course he fucking does. Adrian Risinger doesn't need stairs. I take the towel he offers me, standing an arm's length away, and I wish he'd just say something about what happened but I know that's not going to make it any better.

It was a mistake, and we both know it.

I sit in one of the pool chairs with a towel around my shoulders, my hair hanging down in lank, tangled strands. How did this happen? How did I let this happen? On the scale of Bad Workplace Decisions, it goes something like this: Sex with a coworker, sex with your boss, sex with your boss at work, sex with your boss at work in a place with cameras where anyone could walk in, and finally, sex with your boss at work in a place with cameras where anyone could walk in, when your boss is also an egomaniac control freak with whom you have a horribly unhealthy codependent relationship.

The intern leaves my clothes outside the door like this is some kind of fucking hostage exchange. Adrian brings me the bag, setting it at my feet.

"Don't forget the signing's on Saturday," he says. "Finish the books by then. I'll send a car for you. Eight o'clock sharp."

I swallow before I can speak. "I'll be ready."

Probably the biggest lie I've ever told in my life.

***

I hate the smell of new clothes.

I hate the feel of them, how stiff and unfamiliar they are, and that nagging worry that you've forgotten a tag or a sticker that's hanging out somewhere.

I focus every bit of my hatred on these clothes I'm forced to wear home, because it's more productive than thinking about anything else.

I stop by my desk before I go home. As I'm gathering up my things, I hear Adrian's voice through his office door.

"...yes, the pool cleaners....yes, I know they were just here last week. Do I have a fucking stutter? Am I speaking fucking English?....who died and left you in fucking charge of the FUCKING POOL CLEANING SCHEDULE?" A moment of silence. "Thank you."

Once I'm safely in the elevator, I start laughing until I cry.

Chapter Five

SAVED DRAFTS: UNSENT

Account:

Like he's reading my mind, he hits the button for the partition. "I think we should talk about the incident."

The incident. I smirk at him. "Are you sure we should be discussing this here? It might be bugged."

Adrian rolls his eyes, but at least he smiles a little. "I hate to break it to you, but I think everyone already knows."

"Oh, shit? You think?" I lean back in my seat. "I'm sure it didn't look suspicious at all, to anyone with working eyeballs."

"Not so much that, as the fact that you didn't warn me you're a screamer." He's not really looking at me now, but he's running his thumb along the pad of each finger, over and over and over again, a nervous tic. "Pools tend to echo, you know."

I scoff at him, eyes widening. "Uh, if you think that was a scream..."

He gives me a sour look. "Don't. I'm trying to be serious."

Well, that's something new.

"Yeah, well." I clear my throat. "As long as we're being serious, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have let things escalate the way they did."

I don't really know what I'm saying, but I feel like I have to say something.

"You're sorry? Meghan..." He sighs. "I goaded you. It was immature. I didn't think things were going to move in that direction, of course, or I wouldn't have. But I started it. There's no question about that."

"Don't look so scared."

"I'm not scared," he insists. "But this isn't like everything else with us. This is different. I crossed a line."

I'm laughing in disbelief. "Seriously? Seriously? This is where you're suddenly going to grow a conscience? Just because your dick was involved?"

His jaw twitches. "Do you have some other problem you want to discuss, Meghan?"

Could he possibly be serious? Is he really that deluded? Does he think there was something healthy about our relationship before furtive handjobs became involved?

Holy shit, he's even more disconnected from reality than I thought.

"Yeah. No. Sorry." I fold my arms across my chest. There's no point in trying to explain it to him. "Thanks for your concern, but you didn't take advantage of me. I practically shoved your hand between my legs. I was in a weird mood."

That's one way to put it.

He's irritated now. So am I. I wish he hadn't brought it up. We could have done just fine, pretending it never happened. I'm certainly not giving in to those urges again. Not even if he looks absolutely sinful in that suit. Now that I know exactly what's underneath, it's no longer just a coy promise.

"You're going to meet my publicist, Kara," he says abruptly, after a long silence. "Obviously she'll be playing your agent now. Unlikely to matter much, just let her do the talking when the time comes."

I don't know what that means, but I certainly don't like the sound of it.

"Kara, huh?" I cross my arms. "Right. I forgot about Kara."

He gives me a warning look, but I ignore him. I have no idea why the idea of this woman practically makes me break out in hives. Maybe because it seems insane that Adrian would ever take someone's advice, or to defer to anyone else's wisdom, for any reason, ever. All the times I've talked to a brick wall, and all this Kara has to do is make a suggestion and suddenly he's running all over town and coming up with elaborate schemes.

I'm being ridiculous. Mostly because his hand is resting on his knee, and I can't stop thinking about how his fingers felt when he touched me.

***

I've been practicing my autograph (Natalie's autograph, rather), and my smile. But nothing - nothing - could have prepared me for what's waiting in that hotel conference room.

They're all clutching copies of the latest book, and I'm kind of curious how the hell he got them to press so quickly when I was just reading a draft copy last week, but of course he's got his ways. The whole building is practically quivering with hormones. And I can see a lot of them staring at Adrian and murmuring to each other, which makes me feel like I've swallowed an entire tub of thumbtacks. I don't particularly want to examine why.

'What if I stripped down to my bra and panties?' Fucking idiot. Of course he didn't want to talk to you, he's embarrassed for you. Throwing yourself at him. What the hell were you thinking?

It's a motley crew in here. A couple tables down, there's some guy in a fucking cape, for instance - I hope for his sake that he writes vampire romance, because otherwise there's no goddamn excuse for that. I'm not sure why Adrian was so obsessed with me getting nice clothes. I'm pretty sure one of the authors a couple seats down is wearing a Disneyland sweatshirt that says "1994" on it.

Well, he's trying to project a certain image. I don't know exactly how much money these books have made him, but it's enough that he's not concerned about appearing as my "editor" in a suit that most editors wouldn't be able to afford if they saved for ten years. I must be paying him one hell of a bonus.

A woman comes storming in through the side door. She's a bit tall, not as tall as I am, but she's slender and athletic. I imagine she's pushing forty, although she's doing a decent job at passing for thirty-something. Her business suit is sharp and angular, and pretty sleek, but next to Adrian's it looks like something from K-Mart.

"You came in here without me?" she hisses, directing her glare at the man himself.

Adrian shrugs. "You were late," he says. "Natalie here was just wondering where you were."

He gestures to me, meaningfully. I realize this is Kara, and she has obviously forgotten whose agent she's supposed to be.

"Right. Well." Kara lets out a humorless laugh. "I hope you're ready for this."

A few moments later, the floodgates open.

Thankfully, the organizers here are obsessed with keeping the line moving. There's no time for detailed questions that would actually require me to think, although at this point I'm pretty sure I know Adrian's work better than he does. I sign and sign, and smile, and shake hands, and smile some more.

"Your books saved my marriage..."

"My husband told you to say thank you, from him..."

"You made me love reading again..."

Adrian's head is going to swell so big it fills the whole room. I'm absolutely sure of it.

I demur as much as I can. "Oh, you know, just doing what I love...thank you, that means so much...thank you..."

I'm surprised it takes as long as it does for someone to ask me for a picture.

"Um..." I glance around the room. I'm not sure if this is allowed, and more than that, not sure if I want my face plastered all over the internet as Natalie McBride.

"No pictures," says Adrian's voice from behind me. "I'm sorry. We have to keep the line moving."

"Thank you," I whisper, though I'm not sure he hears me.

The appointed time flies by. There's still a line out the door, but it seems like a lot of people have crowded out into the lobby to gather around someone else who's drawing nearly as much attention as I am. The organizers enforce the cutoff time, to a chorus of groans.

As soon as the room clears, I let my head flop down on the table.

"How's your throwing arm?" Adrian touches my shoulder, and it absolutely does not feel like electric sparks on my skin.

"Mmmpph." I lift my head, looking around. "I could use a drink. Or ten."

He grabs my hand and pulls me to my feet. "Don't worry, Kara's gone." He's making a bit of a face. "I'm sure she didn't mean to be standoffish, she's mad at me, not you. This whole plan wasn't particularly her cup of tea. But I think it went pretty well."

"Sure. That's easy for you to say." I rotate my wrist a few times, experimentally, wincing. "Does it ever embarrass you, the way people gush?"

He shrugs. "Just glad to bring some more happiness to the world."

I search for a hint of sarcasm in his face. "Oh yeah, that definitely sounds like you."

"So how about that drink?"

Is he inviting me? I nod, before I have a chance to think the better of it. I don't know exactly what's happening between us, but at least he doesn't seem angry anymore.

Yet.

***

He takes me to a tiny, mostly-deserted dive that's just down the street. I don't recognize anyone there with badges, thank God, and we're the only two people who sit down at the bar.

He orders two of his usual, and I don't bother arguing, because I don't care what goes into my mouth as long as it's liquid and alcoholic.

"Cheers," Adrian says, lifting his glass.

The bourbon is a nice, warm burn down my throat. I can still feel my arm cramping up, but hopefully it'll pass.

"If I get carpal tunnel, you're paying for everything," I complain.

"Right. Good luck proving you didn't get it from fingering yourself to my books." He knocks back his drink in a single swallow.

I snort. I'm so beyond embarrassment with him at this point, I don't even get outraged. "You better lawyer up, asshole."

His eyes slide over to mine. "I notice you're not denying it."

It's in that moment that I remember he doesn't know. He remains blissfully unaware of my Natalie McBride addiction previous to our arrangement. My face colors bright red, in spite of my best efforts.

"I wasn't going to dignify it with a response," I tell him. Hopefully convincingly.

"I'm sorry about the pool thing," he says, abruptly. He's rotating his glass on the bar, slowly. "Not for the incident. For acting like a dick about it."

"You didn't," I tell him. "I mean, no more than usual. I don't think either one of us knew how to handle it."

"You certainly knew how to handle it." He grins a little. "Sorry. You're right."

Sighing, I rest my elbows on the bar. "It was just unexpected."

He's nodding, gesturing for another drink. "I always thought...well, after five years, I guess I thought if it was going to happen, it would've already."

I glance at him sidelong, cautiously. "You thought about it?"

He scoffs quietly. "You didn't?"

"Not until recently," I tell him. I'm not even sure if that's true anymore.

Adrian's mouth twitches. "Why do you always lie?"

"Honestly, I didn't think..." I clear my throat. "Well it's not that you're not - attractive, obviously." My cheeks are reddening again. "I just never really got those vibes. And I guess I was too busy hating you."

"They're not mutually exclusive, you know." His knee nudges against mine under the bar, and I can't tell if it's intentional or not. "Is it really that bad, working for me?"

A burst of laughter escapes me. "Is that a serious question?"

"I know I'm difficult, but..." He frowns at his glass. "You seem like someone who appreciates a challenge."

"Apparently so." Oh, what the hell. I finish my drink and order another. He's still watching me, waiting for an actual answer. How the hell can I explain the situation to someone who's so clueless? "You call me names, you snap at me if I'm five minutes late with your coffee, and you steamroll over my personal life. You criticize everything. You never, ever say thank you, or even get me a damn Christmas card. But I know that's who you are, and I'm still here, so...I guess that's not really your fault. It's mine, for expecting any different."

He sits there quietly, staring at the bar. I wonder if any of this has gotten through to him, at all.

"I didn't think you cared about Christmas cards," he says, finally. Flatly.

"Is that really your takeaway, here?"

His voice is still quiet. "I'm not sure what you want me to say, Meghan."

"Nothing." I shrug. "You're the one who brought it up. If you want someone to blow smoke up your ass, you're looking in the wrong place."

Adrian runs his finger along the rim of his glass. "Hate's a strong word."

"I like strong words." Maybe it's just the bourbon, but I'm pretty sure he actually looks...dejected. I'd laugh if it wasn't so sad.

"Hey," I say, touching his shoulder. "Come on, man. You're a fucking asshole, but I don't really..." I swallow hard. "I don't really hate you."

The moment I say it, I realize how true it is.

"Why the hell not?" He glances at me with a ghost of a smile. "You just described the worst boss in the world. I would've murdered him by now."

"I've thought about it." My hand is still resting on his shoulder, but I don't move it. "But then, who would keep me humble?"

He laughs a little, almost silently, before sliding off the stool and pulling his wallet out of his pocket. "I've got a headache to sleep off. This should be enough for the drinks, and a cab ride home."

I nod, trying to swallow down the sick feeling inside.

Impossibly, I actually feel bad for him.

***

I decide to take the subway and walk the rest of the way home. It's still nice out, and I'd rather be alone with my thoughts. I leave a very generous tip for the bartender, and tuck the rest of the money in my pocket to give to Adrian later.

Why do I feel so guilty? I know I'm not wrong. He needed to hear everything I said. But it seemed to cut him deep, like he didn't realize - or at the very least, didn't want to.

Remembering that my pantry mostly consists of half a box of Triscuits, I stop by the grocery store on my way home. I don't know what I want, but I'm guessing I should chase the bourbon with something.

I'm pondering cheese selections, staring at the labels without really seeing them, when someone touches my arm.

"Meghan? Oh my God - it's been forever."

"Shelly?" I force a smile, turning to her. "Wow. Yeah, it's been a while, hasn't it?"

"I wondered were you'd been," she says. "Just busy at work?"

Nodding, I set down a block of Monterey Jack. "It just keeps getting crazier. I've got absolutely no life. But hey, you know, at least I'm not getting into trouble."

Ha.

"That's good, that's good." There's a certain exhaustion in her eyes, a hollowness, and I'm afraid to ask.

"How's the shelter?" I say, finally.

"Good, good." She doesn't sound convincing. "The animals are all doing great. I just recently brought in a kitten someone found in a box in the woods. If you can believe that. I don't know what possesses people."

My heart twists. "Jesus. At least Misty was in someone's yard."

Shelly nods. "She still got lucky, though. Being find." She smiles. "Finding you."

It's been almost a year, but I still don't want to talk about Misty.

"Is that everything?" I ask her. "You look like that's...not everything."

A shadow passes over her face. "It's bad, Meghan. Things have gotten pretty messy since you left. I've been trying to keep things organized, but...long story short, we've been served with an eviction notice. I don't know what I'm going to do. The animals..."

She pauses, and I gape at her. "What? How?"

"We've been pushing back on some out-of-date fire code violation for months now, because we don't have the money to fix it. It's not actually dangerous, the city's just trying to bleed more money for inspections, but I guess one of the volunteers lost some paperwork that should have gone in the mail, and now suddenly we're being kicked out on our ass." She shakes her head. "We just ran out the clock, that's all. Something so stupidly simple, and now...I can't take any more of them in. I'm skirting hoarding laws as it is. You know I take care of them, I'd never neglect an animal, but all the city looks at is numbers. There's no place for them to go. All the no-kill shelters are packed to the gills already. There's just not enough space in this damn city."

Her eyes are shining with tears, and she swipes them away with the back of her hand. "Anyway. I don't need to dump all my troubles on you. If we manage to pull through this somehow, there'll always be a spot for you." She manages a smile. "Everybody misses you."

"I miss them, too," I admit. "I miss all of it. I wish I had time to volunteer, but..."

"I understand." She touches my arm. "Please, don't feel like you need to make excuses. I'm still astounded that anyone's willing to work for free at all, let alone put in as many hours as you did. You've racked up enough positive energy to carry you through the next couple lifetimes."

Our conversation stays with me as I go through the checkout line with a random assortment of items, thinking of Shelly, thinking of all my friends there. Thinking of the animals.

Thinking of Misty.

I can't let this happen. I won't.

If it's a question of money to find a new location, or just to fix up the existing one...well, it so happens my boss is a billionaire. And he seems to be feeling a bit guilty at the moment.

But no, I can't. As much as I can't bear the thought of all those animals ending up in a kill-shelter, or worse - I have the distinct feeling that bringing this to Adrian as some kind of personal favor will just end in twenty minutes of cat-lady jokes. No matter how bad he feels, he won't be able to pass up that opportunity.

Of course, there is another way.

We get letters from charities all the time, and screening them is part of my job. I could draft something up, make it look convincing, and be sure to handle all the go-between stuff myself so Shelly won't realize what I've done. I don't want to deal with a bunch of awkward thank-yous and teary hugs; that's not really my scene. I just need to make sure the animals are okay.

Yeah, that'll work. Adrian won't be suspicious. He doesn't even know about Misty. When she got sick, and I had to miss work for an emergency vet appointment, I claimed I had stomach flu. I just knew he wouldn't understand. This, though, is easy. He just has to write a check. There's no need to try and comprehend human emotions.

It's a good plan.

Chapter Six

ARCHIVED ITEMS: MORE THAN ONE MONTH OLD

To:

To:

To:

Once everything's in order, I make myself a quick dinner to eat in front of the TV. I'm certainly not drinking any of Adrian's bourbon on an empty stomach, even if I don't particularly have much of an appetite right now.

My phone starts ringing when I'm halfway done, and the name on the screen gives me an instant sense of foreboding. I take a deep breath before answering.

"Hi, Mom."

"That was awfully quick," she says. "I hope you're not just sitting there on your phone all night."

Right away with this shit. Dad must have pissed her off with his expert passive-aggression. "Nope, I'm actually crocheting a life sized replica of the Last Supper."

She sighs. "I'm in no mood for your smart mouth."

"Why'd you call then, Mom?" I'm feeling pretty low on patience myself.

"Stop stuffing your face while I'm talking to you."

My blood simmers as I set down my fork. "You called me right in the middle of dinner, Mom."

"Well, then you shouldn't have answered," she sniffs. "It's rude."

"If I don't answer, you just keep calling." My fist is clenched in my lap. "Over, and over, and over..."

She sighs. "Then just stop eating. I doubt skipping a meal now and then would kill you."

It takes all of my self-control not to throw the phone at the wall.

"I have to go, Mom. I have a date."

"I'm sure you do." She's smiling on the other end, and I can picture it perfectly. "Your father and I just wanted to know when you'll be getting off for Thanksgiving, so we can plan your tickets."

"Actually, I'll just take care of those myself this year," I tell her. "Mr. Risinger gave me a nice bonus."

"Nonsense. You should put that money in a savings account."

"It's my money, Mom. I'll tell you when I'm coming, but I'm getting my own tickets, and if you buy some for me you're just gonna be stuck with them."

"When did you get like this?" she exclaims. "I swear, Meghan..."

"Have to go. Mr. Risinger's calling me on the other line. Bye, Mom."

I toss the phone down on the sofa with a groan. Now I'm definitely not finishing the rest of my dinner.

***

I'm sitting across from Adrian, and he knows something's wrong.

Watching him try to figure out whether or not he should say something, and if so, what, is almost funny enough to make me forget how much I hate my life.

Not quite, though.

"So," he says. "What do you want to know about Natalie?"

It's bizarre, the way he talks about her like she's a real person. Like he's got a broom propped up in the corner of his kitchen wearing lipstick. "You really think of her as a separate person?"

"Not really," he says. "But it's the easiest way to talk about it, without getting confused."

My head's throbbing already, but to be fair, it probably doesn't have all that much to do with him.

"So...she's you, but without a dick?"

"She's no one," he says, only smirking a little at that. "Just a name I attached to my books. Really, you should be having this conversation with Kara."

"Something tells me Kara wouldn't agree."

He makes a little face. "She's very protective of my career. Doesn't like anything that she sees as potentially jeopardizing it."

Right. His career. That must be it.

"I can see you're skeptical," he says. "But trust me, not every woman who meets me is instantly overcome with seething jealousy."

"Are you implying that I'm jealous?" I demand.

"No, Meghan." This is accompanied by a slow smile. "Of course not."

At any other time, in any other mood, this might have been a dangerous conversation. But I just grumble into my drink, and Adrian finally loses his internal battle not to mention anything.

"You seem even pricklier than usual," he says, finally. "Who do I need to kill?"

Taking a deep breath, I interlace my fingers. "What, no joke about how I must be having a fight with my coven?"

"You're clearly not in a laughing mood," he says, taking another sip. "And I don't like that. Come on - I'm sure there's a few kneecaps I could break to make this better."

Now I'm chuckling, a little. "What exactly makes you think violence could solve this?"

"I don't, really," he says. "But at least it got you to smile."

My cheeks are turning slightly pink. "I didn't know you cared."

"Of course I care," he says. "Remember when I broke my arm, and you tied my ties for six weeks straight? A man doesn't forget a thing like that."

I do remember that, and I remember thinking it was the closest I'd ever gotten to him. There's something about standing so close to a man like that, close to his scent, the heat of his body. It felt like an oddly intimate task, something his wife should be doing, if he had one. Which of course he doesn't.

I suppose I'm the next best thing.

He's poking fun at me a little, I think, but maybe not. His smile is hard to read.

"It's my mom," I tell him, finally. "She just called a little while before you got here."

Adrian's face changes slightly. "Ah," he says. "I can see the complication. If my father were still alive, I'd suggest we put them into the Thunderdome together."

I smirk. "Whoever wins, we lose?"

"Exactly." He's chuckling. "I keep telling you to stop taking her calls."

"And I keep telling you, not everyone in the world just wants to cut and run from every inconvenient person in their lives." I give him a pointed look. "And it's a good thing, too."

He shoots me a wicked grin as he leans forward to pick up his drink. "At least I pay you to put up with me."

"I don't feel like I understand Natalie McBride any better than I did before," I tell him, letting out a long breath. "But I do feel better."

"And I didn't even have to hurt anyone." He tilts his glass towards me. "Cheers. Why don't you tell me what you think of Natalie, and I can tell you if you're wrong?"

"Oh, good, your favorite pastime." I take a deep breath. "Well, I think she's a kinky broad who likes to get spanked. Her husband's learned to enjoy it, but secretly she wishes he was the aggressor, more like Dirk. He won't do any of the bondage stuff and he lacks the patience to be a proper Dom. But she's happy. She loves her readers, they give her validation that he can't, because he doesn't really understand what she writes."

Adrian pours himself another glass. "Spanking, huh?"

I shrug. "You wrote it."

"All women love spankings," he says, matter-of-factly.

"That cannot possibly be true." I'm laughing at him, but I'm blushing too, because of course I've read those parts over and over again. Of course I've imagined what it would be like to have a man in my life who'd just drag me over his lap and smack my ass.

"Disprove it," he says, aiming his index finger at me. "You can't, can you?"

"No one can prove a negative," I tell him.

He's chuckling now. "But it's not a negative, is it? 'There is a woman somewhere in the world who doesn't like spanking.' That's all you need to prove. Just one woman. Find me one. There's a woman in this room right now, in fact. It would be so easy, and yet..."

Damn it. "I've never been spanked."

"Oh." His face softens. "I'm sorry."

"Shut up," I mutter, picking up my drink. "I don't need your sympathy."

His laugh is warm, and deep, and it speaks of something I'd like to know much much better. But I can't. He's my boss, and he's made it very clear he thinks it's a bad idea for us to continue what we started in the pool.

We talk for a while that night, before he leaves, taking his bourbon with him - and hesitating on the threshold like he wants to do something, or say something, but he doesn't quite know what.

I can't possibly sleep. The alcohol's warmed my blood, and I crank up the music instead, mouthing along with the words as I sway around the room by myself.

I've been a bad, bad girl...

Chapter Seven

I've never taken a luxury town car to La Guardia before. It doesn't actually make the traffic move faster, but the back seat is big enough to lie down and take a nap. Or it would be, if that didn't mean putting my head in Adrian's lap.

This is weird. I've gone across town with him for meetings before, but never on a long trip. Never anything like this. He's never asked me to go away with him on business, presumably because someone still needs to manage his incoming mail and phone calls while he's gone. I don't know if that's abnormal or not, but I'm always grateful for the respite.

Now, I'm about to spend a week with the guy, pretending to be someone I'm not. But at least I also get to pretend that we're equals. That'll be a laugh.

The driver bypasses the roads that lead into the pickup/drop-off area completely instead heading up to a gated road and slowing down to swipe a card that swings the massive barricades open. Just a few hundred yards away, I can see a few small, sleek planes sitting on the tarmac. And we're driving right up to them.

I'm staring, and I'm too damn tired to pretend I'm not.

I am not impressed. I am not impressed. I am not impressed.

If Adrian's head gets any bigger, it'll explode. I can't afford to leave him with the idea that anything about him, or his lifestyle, impresses me.

But holy fuck, I'm about to get on a private jet.

Two men in sharp suits come jogging over to grab our luggage out of the trunk, before I've even unbuckled my seat belt. Adrian comes over to my door and gives me his hand, and I guess it would be excessively rude to ignore it. So I let him hold me steady as I climb out of the car. His grasp is warm, and firm, and confident. For a moment, I just look at him.

I have no idea why this didn't occur to me. Of course a man like him doesn't take commercial flights. Why would he, when you can charter a private jet for a mere...

Yeah, I have no idea what private jets cost. And I'm not about to ask him.

"Mr. Risinger, Ms. Burns." The captain tips his hat as we board. It's roomier inside than it looks, with huge, cream-colored leather chairs and a wine-red carpet that seems like it would feel heavenly under my toes. But if I take my nice heels off before the flight, I'll never get them back on.

Our luggage is stowed in the corner, and I belatedly realize we didn't even have to go through a perfunctory security screening.

I did not know the meaning of "privilege" until this moment.

"You could've told me," I say to Adrian, as he sits down across from me, unbuttoning his jacket. "I actually spent time trying to fit my toiletries into a quart-sized baggie."

"Oh, right." Adrian chuckles. "Sorry. I forgot that's still a thing."

I could kill him.

"Laugh it up," I grumble. "You know, the TSA is talking about starting security screenings for private jet passengers."

I only know this because the article popped up in search on my phone for "how much does a private jet cost." Because I have to know.

He gives me some flippant answer, but I don't really hear it, because I just saw the number.

Eight thousand dollars an hour.

Eight. Thousand. Dollars.

An hour.

I'm not prone to airsickness, but I feel like I might end up puking all over him.

"Question," I say, as a woman dressed like a goddamn '70s Pan Am stewardess brings us some champagne. "Does money actually have any meaning to you at all, or is it basically just like this weird confetti that you throw around more or less at random, and never seems to run out for some reason?"

He gives the woman a smile that I distinctly dislike, and I catch the way his eyes follow her rear end as she sways back to the galley. This should not be bothersome to me, except that I find myself wondering if she's included in the fare.

Okay, that's pretty low of me. I'm sure she's a very nice person, and she's just hoping for a generous tip. But Adrian really needs to pop his eyes back into his head, before I do it for him.

"Money," he says, slowly. "That's the thing you exchange for goods and services, right?"

"I'm going to throw my champagne on you." I make a face. "It sucks, anyway."

"It doesn't suck," he says. "You suck."

"That's real mature." I kick him under the little table that separates us. It's an impulsive move, but I'm drinking champagne at eight o'clock in the morning on a private jet with my asshole boss. If not now, when?

And he's right. It doesn't suck.

He laughs, trapping my foot between his. "Ouch, Ms. Burns. But you'll have to strike a little quicker than that to get the best of me."

I wriggle my foot free. "I'm rubber, you're glue..."

"You know, a good employee would thank me for taking them on this wonderful adventure," he says, gesturing to our surroundings. "Instead of acting like a little brat."

"And yet, going on five years, and I'm the best you can do." I pout at him. "It's a sad, sad story, Mr. Risinger."

***

I step out onto the tarmac in Austin, and I don't feel the instant prickles of sweat on my scalp that I expect. It's hot, sure, but it's not inhumanly hot.

Adrian's insisted that we arrive the day before the conference actually starts, so we've got time to "settle in." I don't know what that means, but I've saved all of my really nice outfits - including the silky underwear - for the actual conference. I'm hoping that we don't run into anyone I'm supposed to impress, but part of me suspects it doesn't really matter. Nobody actually expects writers to dress like models, do they? Don't most of them wear bathrobes and slippers?

I glance sidelong at Adrian, trying to picture him in a bathrobe.

Danger! Abort abort abort. Okay, yeah, picturing him in anything that can be removed easily with a single flick of the wrist probably isn't good for my sanity.

The ride from the airport seems to take forever, following a complex grid of side streets and alleyways that make me wonder where the hell all those massive highways go. Clearly, not wherever we're headed. But I start to enjoy the local color as we creep our way from stoplight to stoplight; the psychic palm reader across from the expensive-looking luxury homes, the taco trucks with the neon lights, the city bursting with a joyful energy that defies any thoughts of beige gentrification.

We've got adjoining rooms at the hotel, both under his name. I wonder what the clerk's thinking, as she checks us in. I wonder why I care.

The first thing I do, after dropping my bags, is make sure the connecting door is locked. He made a big deal about the adjoining rooms when we checked in, and I can't figure out why he thinks it's going to matter. Unless he thinks we'll have a reason to travel back and forth without being presentable enough for a hotel hallway.

Stop it.

It's a pretty nice place, but I'm guessing it's a far cry from the ultra-luxury hotels he's used to staying at. I wander over to the picture windows to draw the curtains back, only to discover that the windows are actually sliding glass doors.

The midday heat is really starting to settle in now, but curiosity draws me out of my air conditioned oasis to explore the little balcony. It extends much further than I expect - and I soon realize that's because it connects to Adrian's room, as well.

He's pulled his curtains back, too. I can see him pacing, with his tie undone, talking animatedly on the phone with someone. I immediately feel like a creep. He probably hasn't realized yet that our balconies are attached. He's got no idea anyone can see him, least of all me. This is the tallest building in the block by far.

Face burning, I creep back to my room and make sure to lock the the sliding glass door behind me, and close the curtains again. I don't know why. It's not that I actually think he has that little respect for my privacy, but I feel better anyway.

I flop down on the bed and start flipping through the channels. There's nothing on TV here, either. The streets below us are bustling with activity, and when I was outside I could hear the thudding of live music starting somewhere down the street. A few years back, I would have thrown on a cute dress and gone down to wander the streets, stopping into any bar that had the doors open to see how cheap their beer was. I've heard Austin is a friendly city, and nothing I've seen so far can contradict that. Back before Adrian, I probably would have tried to pick up one of those hipsters with a handlebar mustache and rolled-up jeans, riding a rental bicycle to the Alamo Drafthouse. And I would've had a good time, too.

But that was me, then. This is me, now. I hardly recognize myself anymore.

The fact that I've agreed to speak on a panel is proof enough that I'm not even recognizably Meghan anymore. Of course, I didn't really have a choice. But something that would've put me in a cold sweat, once upon a time - suddenly it doesn't feel like such a bad idea. Maybe because I'm not me, I'm Natalie. And Natalie knows how to speak to a crowd. It's something about romance trends or whatever - basically, I feel like I can reasonably fake my way through it, especially if I let everyone else do the talking.

My stomach's growling. I frown at it, trying to remind it that I just ate on the plane. But traveling always makes me ravenous, and as usual, it's not listening to reason.

I pull out my phone and text Adrian.

Any plans for dinner?

He starts typing back quickly, but it takes him a while to actually finish the message.

Got reservations with Kara actually. Feel free to order whatever you want from room service.

My heart sinks. Kara's here? I don't know why that surprises me, but it does seem odd that she didn't fly with us. I'm grateful, but disappointed that she'll be monopolizing his time like this.

Great. I don't want to be around him, but I can't stand to be without him. This is shaping up to be a fantastic trip.

I don't answer his text. Fucking room service? Really? I'm about ten feet from some of the country's best barbecue restaurants. I realize he was just offering to pay, but I'll fucking buy some brisket myself if I want to.

I'm overreacting. I know I'm overreacting. But there's something rude about the way he told me, isn't there? Not even letting on that Kara was here, until he absolutely had to. He knew I wouldn't react well. Why do men always try to hide things until the last possible second, thinking it's going to be better that way?

It's never better that way.

I run a brush through my hair, grab my purse, and stalk out into the lobby. I'm going to find some good barbecue, damn it. And I'm going to do it without Adrian.

***

I'm sitting on a crowded deck with the smell of hickory smoke all around me. I've got a plate of melt-in-your-mouth barbecue and my new favorite side dish, green chile mac and cheese, sitting in front of me. But I'm not smiling.

Fucking Adrian. Dragging me down here, and don't get me wrong, it's nice - people in this city are so friendly I'm starting to get suspicious - but now he's ditched me for his publicist, and since when do authors even have publicists? I guess he doesn't need an agent, seeing as he publishes under an arm of his own damn company.

I guess a part of me has always believed that what I share with Adrian is unique. Special. Why, I don't know. It seems stupid now that I'm really examining it. And why do I care? The man's heart is constructed from splinters and rusty nails. His approval shouldn't mean so much to me.

But it's all I have.

"You want another beer, hon?"

The server is beaming at me. I put on a smile, with a supreme effort, so she doesn't worry about me too much.

"Yes, please," I say. "Please keep them coming until you're legally obligated to cut me off."

Her face contorts in sympathy. "Rough day?"

I nod. "Travelling."

"Oh, I gotcha. You from out of town?"

I nod again.

"Welcome to Austin! I hope you have a great time, once you've had a chance to rest up."

"Thanks," I tell her, sincerely. Because it really is nice to hear a friendly voice, even from a stranger.

I hear a familiar voice over the noise of the crowd, and it makes my heart skip several beats. Which is completely ridiculous. I know he's here, but what are the odds? Sure enough, moments later, I see Adrian round the corner with Kara. Immediately, I avert my gaze, feeling awkward and guilty like I've done something wrong.

They're seated where I can just about see them, out of the corner of my eye. Something about the angle must be blocking their view of me. Kara looks very put-together as usual, but relaxed and smiling in a way I'm sure she wouldn't be if she spotted me. I've got no idea what her problem is - like I could possibly compete for Adrian's attention with the likes of her. He once claimed he wasn't interested, but I don't believe that for a second. A woman who looks like her, she gets any man she wants.

And right now, she's got Adrian. He's listening to her with rapt attention, smiling occasionally, even laughing. Having a good time.

When the server brings me my beer, I ask her for the check. I've got to get out of here before I lose what little is left of my mind.

***

After a fitful night's sleep, I take a long, scalding shower and actually blow-dry my hair. Usually, this backfires, but I manage to tame it into something presentable. I know it's going to be a long day. After the signing, which is the only part of this event that's open to non-industry people, there will be panel presentations and workshops I'm expected to attend, not to mention the after-hours events. I've got no idea what I'll be expected to attend, but I'm bracing myself.

I haven't heard anything from Adrian since yesterday afternoon, but I've already checked out the conference schedule and I know where and when I need to report for the signing. If he doesn't want to show up, then he doesn't have to. I'll just improvise.

I stop by the mirror on my way out the door. Yeah, I look pretty damn good. Professional, but imaginative. Perfect. Every part of my outfit is absolutely flawless. I wouldn't change a thing.

When I leave my room and start walking down the hallway, a problem becomes immediately apparent.

There's one thing I didn't realize about silky underwear.

Veterans of the silky underwear experience will almost certainly be aware of this, but I'm a virgin. Metaphorically speaking.

Ten steps into the hotel hallway, and I can feel them slipping. Oh, shit. Unlike the plain cotton variety I'm used to, these don't really stay where they're put.

But I'm fully committed. I brought nothing but silky underwear for this trip, and I'm going full speed ahead, damn it.

I breathe a silent prayer of thanks that I'm alone in the elevator, so I can discreetly adjust them. They've slipped so far down that they're practically garters. Shimmying a little, I pull them up so they're sitting more securely on my waist.

There. That'll do.

Halfway to the main convention hall, I've transitioned into some kind of weird shuffle-step to keep them from falling around my ankles.

Well, this is just great. I slip into the ladies' room and survey the situation a little better. They're practically brand new, for God's sake. The elastic is still...elastic-y. What am I doing wrong?

I know the answer, I just don't want to admit it to myself. The softness of my belly and thighs doesn't give them anything to grip onto. This is not a skinny girl's problem.

Frustrated, I consider my options. I could ditch the underwear entirely, and pray that I don't step near any air vents. I could keep trying to make them work. Or, I could try to find the nearest Walmart and grab a three dollar pack of cotton briefs.

Fuck no. You're Natalie Fucking McBride. You make these panties your bitch.

Determined, I re-situate them on my hips and return to the main hall. Already, I can feel them working their way down, but I can deal with it. I'll be sitting down for most of the day, anyway.

I know what quadrant of the room I'll be in, so I start heading that direction, walking as carefully as I can.

Before I reach the tables, I have to pinch the waistband to hold them in place. I grab a handful of my skirt along with them, and pretend like I'm holding it down against some imaginary breeze.

A woman with long, silky dark hair and an accommodating smile comes over to shake my hand. Her name tag says Siobhan.

"Welcome, Natalie," she says. "We're so glad to have you here. Your editor's already here, he's been helping us set everything up the way you like."

So he is. I see him now, in the crowd, and he narrows his eyes as I approach. Probably because I'm holding the side of my skirt again, to cover up for the fact that I'm actually holding my panties. Whether or not he's clued in to the impending wardrobe malfunction, he knows something is wrong. But there's no way in hell I'm confiding in him about my panty problems.

I sit down quickly, hitching them up as I do, hoping it's not noticeable.

"There's already a line forming around the entire hall," Siobhan beams. "Most of them are here for you."

A terrifying prospect, to be sure.

"Don't worry, we'll manage the lines and make sure that no one hassles you. Take breaks whenever you need them. You'll be talking a lot, so it's not uncommon to start losing your voice by the end of the day. I got you some Halls, but I recommend hot tea with lots of lemon and honey before bed tonight."

I nod, trying to take it all in. I haven't even considered the possibility of losing my voice - that might get in the way of my panel tomorrow.

"Most importantly, have fun!" She's practically squealing. "You're going to love this, Natalie. I'm so glad you came."

I force a smile, hoping that my awkwardness comes across as...well, awkwardness. Not deception. The last thing I want to do is fuck up this thing. Adrian's already boring holes in me with his eyes.

"What's wrong?" he mutters, as Siobhan runs off to settle someone else in.

"Nothing," I tell him, rolling my shoulders back and cracking my knuckles. "Why would something be wrong?"

"First of all, you shouldn't wear a skirt that short if you're going to act like you're afraid it's going to fly up." His voice is low and captivating, even though he's trying to tell me off. Or maybe that's why it's captivating. "It's like wearing a strapless dress and constantly tugging on it. Looks amateur. You don't want to look amateur."

"Who pissed in your Cheerios?" I mutter, even though I'm pretty sure I know the answer. Kara's nowhere to be found. They must've had some kind of disagreement that's led to his enchanting mood this morning.

"Secondly," he says, ignoring me, "I had no idea where you were this morning. You didn't even text."

"Uh, neither did you." Are we really having this conversation? "I read the schedule, I read the emails, I knew where I had to go."

"I shouldn't have to check in," he hisses. "You're here working for me. Don't forget it."

Oh my God, he's acting like a child. But at least this version of Adrian, I know how to deal with.

"I'll make sure to keep that in mind." I test out one of my pens.

A bubbly, smiling blonde takes her seat at the table a few feet from mine. Her name tag says Isabella Duncan, Paranormal Romance.

"Hey!" She sticks out her hand to me. "Natalie McBride, wow. It's so great to meet you! I'm Izzy. I'm actually moderating your panel tomorrow."

"Call me Nat," I tell her, almost solely because I feel like it'll annoy Adrian. "That's great - it's nice to meet you."

"Is this your first rodeo?" she asks me.

"Kind of. I did one signing before. A small one. Not like this." I can already hear the echo of many voices as the line starts to get rambunctious.

"Oh, you're gonna love it. Everyone's just so happy to see you. But don't let it go to your head." She winks at me.

Oh, if only you knew.

***

I think my hand might be permanently cramped into a claw.

The crowds have dissipated, and I'm trying to forcibly remind myself that I am Not. Natalie. McBride. In spite of everything, Izzy was right to warn me. It's hard to see that many people so excited to meet you, without letting it go to your head a little bit.

Adrian's stepped away to mutter on his phone to someone, most likely Kara, so I turn back to Izzy with a rueful smile. "Well, we survived."

"See? Wasn't it great?" She's shaking some feeling back into her hand. "So are you going to the party tonight?"

"There's a party?"

She nods vigorously. "Oh, yeah. My publisher's sponsoring it, but it's open to everybody. There's going to be some cover models there taking pictures, and you can even get custom poses done. Super hot guys, free booze, it's a win all around. Everybody's gonna be there."

"Um, I don't know." I clear my throat, and reach for one of the cough drops Siobhan left for me. "I do have that panel..."

"Not until the afternoon." She rolls her eyes. "Come on, you can have a few drinks."

"Okay. I guess."

"Great!" She bounces to her feet. "I'll see you there. I gotta run - I have to meet someone for lunch."

Adrian's missed all this conversation, which I'm grateful for. I know, without having to ask, he'll have some choice words if he finds out that I'm planning on attending. It's none of his business, really, I'm doing everything he's told me to do, and I'm doing it well. But he's already irritated over something else, so this is almost guaranteed to become a thing.

Just once, I want to have a little fun without Adrian somehow ruining it. Is that too much to ask?

***

The last panel session of the day has just ended. It's not quite dinnertime, so I'm having wine and tapas with Adrian, at the overcrowded hotel bar that seems incredibly ill-prepared for this event, like someone just reminded them about it yesterday. We haven't managed to get table service once, but Adrian doesn't seem to mind going up and flirting with the bartender to get things. Doesn't even have to wave his wallet around for special treatment, that one. It would be impressive if it wasn't so disgusting.

I watch Adrian spear an olive on a toothpick and chew it thoughtfully. I haven't mentioned that I'm going to the party; I keep telling myself it's not important, but I know that's not the reason why.

We're still talking about a workshop we sat through earlier, with one of the rare male romance authors who will actually show his face at these events and own up to his gender. Most of the women swooned over him, but I found his viewpoints on the genre to be pretty off-base.

"I mean, seriously, I'm so sick of hearing that thing about how 'women can just get sex whenever they want.'" I polish off my wine and grab the bottle. "It's not even close to true."

"You have to admit he has a point," Adrian says. "I'm sure he doesn't mean it literally, but the average woman can go out and find casual sex much more easily than the average man. Are you really suggesting that's not the case?"

I just snort. "Yeah. Right. I'm pretty sure he could go out and have sex any time he wants, too. It's just not the sex he'd prefer to have, with the person he'd prefer to have it with. And that's an experience all of us are familiar with." I glance over my drink, at Adrian's stormy eyes. "Except you, of course."

He laughs a little, shaking his head. "You have a lot of strange ideas about my life."

"Please. Are you telling me you can't get any woman you want, any time you want?" I'm rolling my eyes, aware that I'm being hyperbolic and also maybe a little bit too revealing of my personal feelings about Adrian and his tight abs. Oh, well. It's too late to turn back now.

He quirks an eyebrow and I realize, too late, that I'm about to regret having this conversation. "All right, then," he says smoothly. "You and me. Right now. Let's go."

I'm blushing so deep red, I can practically feel it glowing off of my skin. "That doesn't count!" I insist.

"Why not?" As he takes a swallow of his whiskey, I notice the playful glint in his eyes. I'm just not quite sure what it means. "Because it's you?"

"Because you're not trying."

His eyes crinkle at the corners. "Do you want me to try?"

"God, no," I mutter, into the rim of my glass. "Don't embarrass yourself."

Out of the corner of my eye, I catch someone waving at me. It's Izzy, I realize, letting me know the party is about to get started. I take another sip of my drink and stand up.

"Well, I'm supposed to go hang out with Izzy from the signing," I tell him, but I can already tell he's not buying it. The back of my neck starts to get hot, and I take a deep breath. "So, I'll see you in the morning, bright and early. We can go over the panel stuff."

"Hang out with Izzy?" he echoes. "This wouldn't happen to be at the topless man mixer, would it?"

"I dunno." I shrug, even as my face turns bright red. "What mixer?"

His fingers are drumming on the table.

"Fine." I roll my eyes. "I'm going to the damn mixer. With the cover models. Everybody is going to be there, it seems stupid to miss out on it."

Adrian's face twists with irritation. "Do I need to remind you that you're here working for me? This isn't for fun."

"So are you forbidding me to go? Are you gonna hold back my paycheck?" I fold my arms across my chest. "I could just lock myself in my room for the rest of the conference, or better - I could tell everyone..."

"Are you threatening me?" His eyes darken.

"No," I tell him, lightly. "Just reminding you of the possibilities."

With that, I walk out. He can spend the night with Kara if he wants to. Me, I'm going to have some fun.

Chapter Eight

I'm doing a damn good job of pacing myself, if I do say so.

There are three hot cowboys, a hot firefighter, a hot soldier, and a hot rockstar. Basically everyone in the room is drooling to get pictures with them, but I can't imagine what I'd do with something like that. Still, I want to keep my wits about me. Much as I hate to admit it, Adrian was right about that. I can't get too drunk while I'm here, or I might forget who I'm supposed to be.

"So you're Natalie McBride, huh?" One of the cowboys sidles up to me. I feel like I'm dying a little more inside every time I answer in the affirmative to that question, but I've got no choice.

"Yep!" I say, cheerfully. "Having a good time?"

He nods. "My wife loves your books. So, you know." He grins meaningfully. "Thanks."

Oh, boy. "Hey, that's great. You want me to sign a book for her? I've got a couple copies in my bag."

"That would be great!" He enthuses. "Man, she's gonna love this. Thanks. You can make it out to Linda."

Hot cowboy's definitely getting lucky when he goes home. I can't imagine someone who looks like him has a lot of issues with that, but he's holding that book like it's the holy grail.

Word's started to spread, apparently, and suddenly the hot soldier sidles over and asks for a picture with me. Izzy shows up out of nowhere, her eyes getting like saucers when she realizes what's going on.

"Holy crap," she mutters, as a few of the other guys wander over. "I was just gonna ask how you're doing. Obviously, just fine."

The music is getting louder, and the rockstar asks me if I want to dance. At first I laugh, thinking he's fucking around, but then I realize that he's not.

I'm barely tipsy, and my panties and I have struck an uneasy truce. This is probably a bad idea. But I let him grab my hand and pull me to an empty part of the floor, because getting the kind of attention I want from Adrian from a stranger instead isn't ideal, but it's something.

People are snapping pictures and video, and giggling, and there's no way even Adrian's PR machine can keep a lid on this. I don't think he wants my face attached to Natalie McBride in any public, permanent way, but it's way too late for that now.

I'm spinning around the room, and I can feel some lightness in my chest, finally. So what if Adrian's probably with Kara right now, doing God knows what? I've got a damn male model putting his hands all over me, and that's not a phrase I ever thought I'd say.

Shaking and shimmying, I can't believe the panties have stayed in place. It's almost like they know. Finally, we've come to an understanding.

As that thought flies through my head, I feel something slip.

And fall.

All the way.

I stumble backwards, staring down at my panties around my ankles, kicking them free as if that helps any. Like it's better if they're not attached to me. Like nobody's gonna remember where those damn panties in the middle of the floor came from.

"WARDROBE MALFUNCTION!" someone shrieks, spilling her drink as she makes a dramatic gesture. My face is burning, and I'm just staring at the offending garment, trying to figure out what the fuck to do.

"Don't worry." Izzy's voice is in my ear. "Nobody's even gonna remember this tomorrow."

A nice sentiment, but she's not quite right.

Out of nowhere, a sleek, be-suited figure leans forward and snatches my panties off the ground. My mouth freezes halfway open, a noise of protest dying in my throat when I realize it's Adrian.

And he's glaring at me.

"Natalie," he says, with forced calmness. "You've got an early panel tomorrow. Time to get some shut-eye, don't you think?"

Now, all eyes have turned from me to him. I should be grateful, but instead, I'm just super fucking pissed that he thinks it's okay to talk to me like I'm a child.

"We have to go over your talking points," he says, laying his hand on my shoulder and steering me towards the door. "Come on."

"Sorry, everyone," I mutter over my shoulder. From the sounds of it, the party's moving on without me. And not even Izzy has the courage to drag me out of Adrian's grip to say a proper goodbye.

He's totally silent on the way back to our adjoining rooms. Once we get to his door, he has to stab the key in several times before the light goes green, and he curses softly before it finally gives.

"What the fuck are you doing?" he demands, as the door clicks behind us. I whirl to face him.

"Having a good time!" I snap. "Last time I checked, that wasn't forbidden on our contract."

"Really?" He reaches into his pocket and pulls out my panties, holding them up at my eye level. "This is your idea of having a good time?"

They've come partially unfurled in his hand, and I want to rip them away. I want to beg and plead with him to please stop touching my underwear, because it's making my heart beat so fast I'm pretty sure I'm going to cardiac arrest.

"It was an accident," I half-whisper, my face burning. "They've been slipping down all day. I just wanted..."

His lip twitches, like he wants to sneer at me.

"What do you think you're doing, exactly?" he advances on me, stopping just a few inches away. Still holding a fistful of my panties. "You know those men are just trying to drum up business. They don't care about you."

"So what?" I challenge him, feeling bold now, the alcohol still coursing through my veins. "You think all those high-class whores who ride your dick are really fascinated by you as a person?"

It's a low blow, and judging by the look on his face, not even close to accurate.

"Were you going to fuck one of them?" he demands.

Of course I wasn't. But for his benefit, I just shrug.

His nostrils flare. With his eyes still burning into mine, I try to figure it out. Try to understand why he's so angry.

What unspoken rule of author conduct I've broken.

But no. That's not the problem, is it?

He's bristling all over, and I can practically smell the testosterone. He saw me giggling with those hot, ripped guys and he was jealous.

Oh, this is too good.

My insides are molten jello. My heart's beating so fast I feel like it'll break free, and I realize, oh shit, I like that he's jealous.

I want him to be jealous.

He's still holding my panties.

"Give those back," I tell him, softly. "Please."

His eyes are very dark. His lips, inches from mine.

"No," he whispers.

I smell the whiskey on his breath. He's probably been in the hotel bar this whole time, nursing his hurt ego. Imagining all the naughty things I've been getting up to at the party.

Oh, this is rich. I feel giddy. Alive.

Aroused.

Licking my lips, I make a move for the panties, but he feints to the side. Holding them above his head, he steps back from me.

There's a hint of a wicked smile, but it's not quite coming to life.

"Give," I insist, going after him, but he's a little too quick for me. He slides out of reach, prowling around the bed to the far corner.

Instead of chasing him, I take the shortest distance between two points. Which naturally means crawling across the bed to reach him.

His eyes narrow, and he takes in a sharp breath as I traverse the mattress. When I reach the other side, I make a lunge for him, but he dodges expertly and I land on the floor in a heap.

"Shit." He's kneeling on the floor next to me, brushing the hair from my eyes as I squirm. "Are you okay?"

Adrian's eyes fill with concern, and I make a small noise, scrunching my face up in mock pain.

"Shit," he says again, forgetting about the panties. Lowering his hand within reach.

Swift as a striking snake, I grab the panties and jump to my feet. With another curse, he goes after me, stumbling over a pair of his own shoes, but still reaching the connecting door at the exact same moment I do. Blocking it with his body.

"Bitch," he growls.

I grin, holding the panties behind my back.

"This door's locked, remember?" he points out, with a wicked glint in his eyes.

Oh, fuck.

We both run for the main door, but he beats me again, flattening against it and smirking his triumph.

"You're not getting out of this room with those," he informs me, slightly breathless.

"Why?" I'm laughing. It's impossible not to laugh at the absurdity of the situation, even as my body aches to pounce on him and fuck him senseless.

"Because I said so." He's smirking. "Because what I say goes."

Oh, shit. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

He's using a Dirk line on me.

That rat bastard.

"I don't remember Dirk stealing panties," I tell him, ignoring the slick wetness between my thighs. So very noticeable, now that my panties are in my hand instead of where they belong.

"It was cut from the final draft." He stands up straighter, leaning towards me. His hand snaking around my body. I pretend like I don't notice what he's doing, but of course I do.

At the last moment, I take a step back. He's left briefly unbalanced, but recovers quickly.

"Just give them to me," he says, in that persuasive tone I've heard him use with his peers. "They're mine, anyway. I paid for them."

"Possession is nine-tenths of the law," I tell him, stepping backwards again.

"That's not even close to true," he says.

I take another step, and I realize I'm very close to the wall. In a moment, I'll be caged in.

"Give," he whispers.

"No," I whisper back, flattening against the wall. My hands, and the panties, are still behind my back.

"You know what happens when you tell a man like me 'no?'"

It's not a Dirk line, but it should be. My whole body is thrumming with anticipation, and I don't even spare a thought for why the fuck he's suddenly so interested in me.

And my panties.

"I'm guessing..." My voice sounds husky, dripping sex, and I can't control it. "...punishment?"

"That's right." His lips curve into a smile that makes me quiver. "Tell me, Meghan - did anybody give you your birthday spanking this year?"

My heart's jackhammering in my chest. Dirk gave Amanda a birthday spanking once, and she did so enjoy it. Me? I've never been spanked, to my memory. Not for any reason, punishment or otherwise. But I've thought about it.

Oh yeah, I've thought about it.

"One more chance." He raises a finger, in indicate the number. But all I can think about is that finger sinking inside me.

Shit, I am too far gone.

"Give me a million more chances," I tell him. "You still can't have them. They're mine."

With a snarl, he grabs my arm and yanks me forward. During our little game, I almost forgot how easily he could overpower me. Dragging me over to the sofa by the TV, he sits down, knees splayed, finally letting go of me. He pats his thigh, looking up at me with an expression that allows no refusal.

I swallow hard.

"Like this?" I whisper.

It seems so intimate. I'd rather he bend me over a table, even if that's a significantly less flattering position.

"Like this." His eyes are like tempered steel. "Come on. You had your chance."

Squeezing my eyes shut, I drape myself across his lap. I can feel him, hard as a rock, twitching against my belly. God, I just want him to fuck me.

I've still got my panties clutched in my hand, but for the moment, he seems to have forgotten about them. He pulls my skirt up over my waist, and I'm trembling. What if the reality of how I look under my clothes doesn't live up to his fantasy?

Judging by the sharp intake of breath, I haven't disappointed him. His fingers caress gently, but only for a moment.

At the first smack of his palm, I cry out. I can't help it. The feeling is so intense, so perfect, and my core quivers and aches. I've never been so turned on in my life.

"Shh," he whispers. He grabs the panties, but I don't let go. "Do I have to gag you with these?"

I shake my head.

He spanks me again, and again, and again. I squirm and whimper, staying as quiet as I can, and I dimly hear him groan and curse as I unwittingly rub my body against his cock.

Six. I count six. He still owes me twenty more.

How on earth will I survive? I already feel like I'm about to explode in a cloud of lust.

Growling, he shoves his hand between my legs, dipping his fingers into my wetness. I buck and moan, my body loving the intrusion.

"Fuck," he hisses. "Get up."

I manage to stand, on shaky legs. Staring at him, cheeks burning, my skirt lazily falling down to cover me. He's jumping to his feet a moment later, fumbling with his zipper. I watch him take it out - I didn't get a good look in the pool. It's exactly as long and thick as it felt, curving upwards slightly, glistening with precum. My mouth is watering.

"I can't wait." His eyes rake over me, drinking me in. "You'll get the rest of your punishment with my cock inside you."

Voice stolen, I nod, bending over and grabbing the back of the sofa. He makes a soft noise of approval at the view, and I hear him cursing and fumbling with a condom wrapper.

A moment later he's at my entrance, bluntly pushing inside. I let out a ragged moan, arching my back and inviting him deeper. He waits until he's buried to the hilt and smacks me again, the reverberations making me clench.

"Fuck," he whispers, his fingers gripping my soft flesh.

I'm drunk on him, but I still have enough presence of mind to laugh.

"Think you can last nineteen more strokes?" I tease him, breathlessly.

Adrian growls, spanking me again. "I can last as long as it takes," he promises, rocking his hips against mine, a slow, subtle rhythm, before he pulls out and slams all the way in again. I cry out, forgetting to be mindful of the other guests. "As long as it takes to fuck the smart-ass out of you."

I can't help it. I'm still laughing.

"Impressive." My voice catches when he smacks me again, jolting my whole body with pleasure.

"You're damn right."

I don't count, but I'm pretty sure he does it. The first part, anyway. Actually fucking the smart-ass out of me would be quite an accomplishment.

Every breath is either a gasp or a moan. Our encounter in the pool was pretty damn explosive, considering the limitations, but this is in another level. It's absolutely unreal. My brain loses the capacity for rational thought, and I start to clench around him, my body arching with pleasure.

He stops.

He fucking stops.

My moan takes on a distinctly different meaning. Twisting my head around to glare at him, I start to protest, but the look in his eyes silences me.

"Did I say you could come?"

I grip the back of the sofa tighter. "No."

"I can't hear you." His fingers mimic mine, digging into my hips even deeper.

"NO!" I practically shout.

"That's right." He's almost panting. There's no way he can hold back for much longer, and I know I've got that on my side, at least. "This is your punishment, remember? You don't come unless I tell you so."

Okay, so, this was one of the hottest elements of his books. I remember it well. I loved reading about it, but damned if I ever wanted to experience it. Every other man I've been with had enough trouble getting me there in the first place; orgasm denial was never in their lexicon. Adrian obviously doesn't have that problem. He's confident enough to toy with me.

But how far will he take it?

I can break his resolve. I'm confident of that. Smiling to myself, I squeeze my inner muscles tight. It almost triggers my own climax, it's that close, but I'm able to hold it back. For now. Adrian groans, twitching deep inside me. A moment later, he jerks out of me, and delivers one more solid smack. I yelp, more at the loss of his cock than anything else.

"Bad girl," he whispers, and I hear the soft noise of the condom being discarded, the rapid sound of skin on skin, slicked with my wetness. "You know what this means, don't you?"

I can guess. Every part of my body's throbbing and as much as I want him inside me again, oh God, I want him to claim me. I want the mark of his come on my skin, such a potent and unmistakable message after I spent the evening with those cover models.

I want to be his.

I'm not stupid. I know that's not really what it means. I know it's just a primal urge, he just needs to come somewhere and he's on a fucking power trip.

"Yeah," I whisper. "So fucking do it, then. Mark your territory."

He pitches forward, grabbing my shoulder with his free hand. "You want it?" he whispers.

"Fuck yeah." I lick my lips. "I'm all yours, Sir."

The noise that comes out of his mouth is unholy. My pussy clenches, and I feel the wet splashes on my back, my ass. Fuck fuck fuck. I could almost come from that sensation alone, and I feel a gush of my own fluids answering him, trickling down my thigh.

Adrian plunges three fingers inside me, very suddenly. "Now," he commands.

I'm done for.

My body seizes up with pleasure, I'm shouting, trembling, and it feels like it goes on for ages. When it's over I just want to curl up in a ball, but I know I'm a sticky mess, so I force myself to my feet and face him. He's smiling.

"I really thought you were gonna make me wait longer than that," I tell him.

"So did I." A wicked half-smile. "But you were so lovely, offering yourself up to me like that. I thought you deserved it."

And then he grabs my head and kisses me.

This, I realize, is our first kiss. It's appropriately perverse that it should happen now, and he's smearing my own juices in my hair, and his jizz, too, probably. Did it get on his hand? Which hand? I've been on the pill for a while, so I'm not unduly worried about some of his seed getting inside me, but I wonder how careful he was.

When he pulls away, I wipe my mouth and grin at him. "You know if you knock me up, that kid's gonna come out with horns."

"It didn't get inside you, I promise," he says. "But I won't be offended if you want to take a morning-after pill. Or perform some kind of black magic ceremony. I'm not really sure what's appropriate under the circumstances."

"Relax. I'm on the pill. And for future reference, unless I've been visited by an incubus since my last checkup - not counting you, of course - then I'm still squeaky clean." I hug myself, feeling the wetness slide between my thighs. "Metaphorically speaking."

"Ah. Me too," he says. "Except it would be a succubus, right? Hopefully." He makes a silent gesture that I interpret as an invitation to join him in the shower, which sounds like a spectacular idea.

"Why does it matter?" I ask him, laughing, as I follow him into the bathroom. "They're both trying to suck out your soul through your dick."

"I don't know. What if I wake up in the middle of it? I feel like I'd handle it better if it was a female demon, at least. Just one less thing to deal with." He turns on the water. "I sound like an idiot, don't I?"

"Yup." I laugh at him, stepping out of my skirt. I've got his rapt attention now, and normally I'm a little shy the first time I undress in front of somebody, but he's looking at me like I'm a glass of perfectly-aged bourbon he can't wait to get his lips around. "Though I guess there's always that chance the incubus is gonna go knocking on the back door. Less likely with the succubus, unless she's the full-service variety."

To his credit, he doesn't look embarrassed. "What finishing school did you attend, again?"

I take off my bra, and while he's staring, I flip him off with both hands.

Chapter Nine

When I wake up, it takes me a few seconds to remember where I am. There's the usual oh, I'm not at home realization, quickly followed by oh, I'm not in my own room, either. Which is, of course, immediately followed by:

Right, I slept with Adrian last night.

And he didn't kick me out, so, that's something.

There's no sign of him anywhere, though. All his stuff is here, so it's not like he fled in the night, but on my trip to the bathroom and back I don't spot any sign that he was here recently. Yawning, I climb back into bed and snuggle under the covers. There's still a while before morning sessions, and I don't care about most of them anyway. I slept like a baby after last night, somehow, but I'm still tired.

I have no idea how late we stayed up. I could already see the gears turning in his head, revving up for Round 2, as I stripped down for the shower. We "washed" each other, then made out for a while until I was practically humping his leg, at which point he took mercy on me with those very, very skilled fingers. As much as I appreciated them, I still wanted the chance he'd robbed me of earlier. And I finally got it, when he took me to bed.

So yeah, maybe that's why I'm still so sleepy. I could go back to my own room, but having left the connecting door locked, in my infinite wisdom, I've eliminated the possibility of doing so without getting dressed. And that sounds like a hassle and a half.

The sound of the door clicking open shakes me out of my dozing. I push myself up on my elbows, squinting at Adrian as he walks in.

"Morning," he says, smiling. I feel a little twinge of relief in my chest. "Any thoughts on breakfast?"

"Some." I'm flirting with him. I can't help it. His groin is basically at eye level as he approaches the bed, and it would take superhuman willpower not to think about the possibilities. "Why, what do you have in mind?"

He grins. "I'm trying to think of a way to make a 'hair of the dog' joke that's not going to come across badly. So far, no dice."

I keep expecting the room to go cold and quiet, the way it did in the pool. But he pauses by the bed, his fingers brushing my leg under the covers before he drops a shopping bag in my lap.

"What's this?" I frown at it, unfolding it slowly to reveal the contents. I have to spend a couple minutes blinking the sleep out of my eyes before I can process what I'm looking at.

Panties. Sensible ones. But not too sensible - little black boyshorts, cute but practical, and one hundred percent cotton so they'll actually stay where they belong. I look up at Adrian with genuine gratitude in my eyes, but something in his face deflects it before I can say what I want to say.

"These are too small," I tell him, instead.

He tilts his head slightly. "You can't possibly know that without trying them on."

Rolling my eyes, I clamber out of bed, trying not to notice how his whole body language changes while he drinks in the sight. I'm still wearing his discarded shirt, and I know, for whatever reason, that drives guys completely insane. It doesn't hurt that I might as well be naked. It's not even remotely big enough to be decent, so he's getting an eyeful, but there's just enough of the crisp white fabric to be a little bit of a tease. Something tells me we're not going to make the morning conference sessions.

I step into the boyshorts, shamelessly, and have to shimmy a little bit to get them up over my hips. But if I keep them riding low, technically, they fit.

Advantage Risinger.

He looks me up and down, licking his lips. It's pretty obvious he dressed in a hurry this morning, to sneak out and get me this little gift, so his sleeves are rolled up to the elbows and his hair's falling out of place in a way that's practically inviting me to grab a handful and guide him home.

Advantage Burns.

"I win," he says, closing the tiny distance between us. He tilts his head to mine but he doesn't kiss me, not quite, and I'm grateful for that on account of my morning breath. But something tells me he's not going to care. "Now, Ms. Burns, I just watched your pupils go the size of dinner plates while you stared at me. You want to share what's going through your head, or do I have to run down my arsenal until you surrender?"

God damn this man. His lips are so close I can almost taste him.

"I don't know what you're talking about," I murmur innocently. My heart's beating a million miles a minute, basking in the desire that positively radiates from his body. Most of yesterday's makeup ran off in the shower and my hair is tangled and I probably still smell like last night's sex, but he still can't keep his hands off of me. Well, evidently he can - which is a problem I intend to rectify.

"Oh, that's how she's going to play it." Like he's talking to himself, the way he always does when he thinks no one can hear him. "But, hmmm...where do I start? That's the question, isn't it?"

He steps back, just far enough to circle me, getting the full view.

"As much as I'd love to spend the rest of this conference in here with you, that might raise a few eyebrows. So, I think it's best to get off to an explosive start, so we can move on with our day. What do you think, Ms. Burns?"

Breathless, I nod.

"I'm so glad you agree." He smirks. "After the way you behaved last night, I think you're overdue for a proper tongue-lashing."

It takes me a second to even process what he's saying, and he's kissing me by then, withdrawing and nipping at my lower lip only when I make a muffled noise of protest.

"I, um..." I look up at him helplessly, wanting so badly to just sigh and surrender to this, but I can't. Not when my last boyfriend made me shower and scrub down and shave myself clean before he'd go near my ladyparts with his mouth. I didn't blame him, not one bit - I knew there were plenty of guys who refused to do it at all, so I always considered myself lucky.

I'm not exactly going full Wild Kingdom, but I'm only trimmed, and my last ex was the only guy I ever allowed down there. I don't really have a basis for comparison - some baseline of what guys generally consider acceptable for this particular activity.

Of course Adrian doesn't care. At least, he doesn't think he cares. He got a good look at me last night, he knows what he's dealing with. He knows I just rolled out of bed. But I can't just switch off the thrum of anxiety, the little voice in the back of my head telling me I'm not good enough.

"What?" He frowns at me, his arms still wrapped around my waist. "You're telling me you haven't fantasized about this? I've seen the way you look at me when I lick envelopes."

"You have never, not once in your life, sealed a piece of outgoing mail," I protest, almost forgetting to be anxious while I laugh at him. "I always do that for you, remember?"

"Oh. Right. Maybe that was my fantasy." His mouth curls up into a wicked grin. "We'll get to that later."

Heart pounding, I stare at the bed. "Maybe I should..."

"Hmm?" His lips make their way down my neck, to my shoulder, pushing the borrowed shirt out of the way. "Maybe you should lie down and get comfortable."

"Take a shower first, is what I was going to say," I admit.

He shakes his head, still kissing his way down my body. "Please don't. I want to taste you, not hotel soap."

Taking my hand, he sits down on the edge of the bed, guiding me forward until I'm kneeling on the mattress, straddling him. His teeth graze along the sensitive skin of my breasts, and my nipples pucker sharply. I've never been particularly sensitive there, but now they're begging for his touch.

"So responsive," he murmurs, running his thumb in a circle around one of them. He smiles. "Are you always this excitable?"

I shake my head.

"Can't hear you," he whispers, moments before suckling me into his mouth. I moan softly, clutching his shoulders.

"No," I exhale, my eyes falling closed. "Just with you."

He releases my nipple with a soft pop. "Just with me," he says. "Well, well, well."

When he blows a puff of air on my still-moist skin, I gasp.

While he gives the same treatment to the other breast, I try to focus on calming my heartbeat so I don't shatter to pieces. It feels like a very real possibility. His hands run lightly up and down my back, and he makes a soft, contented noise.

"This is nice," he rumbles, when he releases me. "Remind me how much I like this, next time I get insufferable at work."

I'm giggling, in spite of myself. "You know that means the next time you raise your voice to me, I'm just going to whip my tits out and shove them in your face."

"That sounds terrible." He nuzzles between them, sighing. "What have I gotten myself into?"

With a sudden movement, he flips me over so I'm sprawled on my back. I'm laughing, then he kisses his way down my stomach and I'm not laughing anymore.

He situates himself off to the side, so we're perpendicular to each other, and I must give him a weird look because he says: "Trust me."

I do, somehow, so I just lie back with my head on the pillows. Relaxing.

Not for long, though.

His tongue swipes across me from side to side, and my whole body arches off the bed. I curse, clutching the sheets, and stare at him.

"Told you," he says, before dedicating himself to his task.

I can't speak. I can't think. Why has no one told me about this before? Has someone alerted the media? People need to know. I'm squirming and thrashing, moaning, and if I had the capacity to wonder anything anymore, I'd wonder why such a minor change in angle could change absolutely everything.

I sort of hate the way my orgasms just fall out of me, when Adrian's around. I feel like he should have to work for them. He, of all people, does not need one more reason to think he's the world's biggest stud.

But I can't control it. I'm coming, I'm shouting his name, my heart's seizing up with pleasure and I might actually die. Probably will die. It'll be worth it.

Nope. Still alive.

I open one eye, and then the other, experimentally. He's standing up, and he's grabbing my hand to pull along. He doesn't want me sitting on the mattress, of course, no. He wants me kneeling.

Well, that's fine with me.

The post-climax eagerness makes me fumble at his zipper before he even gets there, pulling him out and sighing at how fucking good it looks. I want to say beautiful, but I think he'll be offended. I want to taste him so badly, so I do.

He gasps, fingers gripping my hair. His hips twitch and I can tell he's putting in a massive effort to hold himself back, because all he wants to do is fuck my face senseless.

As much as that idea appeals to me on a primal level, I want to be in control of this. For once, I've got him by the short hairs. Almost literally.

His voice is low and gravelly, traveling straight through me with a palpable warmth. "I always thought the first time you sucked me off, you'd be under my desk."

I feel like I should be offended by this. But I'm not. I'm so fucking far from offended, we're not even in the same area code.

Pulling back with a soft pop, I stroke him with my hand while I talk. "You thought about this a lot?"

"Every fucking day." His eyes darkened. "Does that bother you, princess?"

"Yeah," I murmur. "I'm feeling pretty damn bothered right now, Mr. Risinger."

I rock back on my heels, looking up at him. He's impatient to get back in my mouth, but he's not demanding. Not yet.

"I just gave you the best orgasm of your life, and you're hungry for more already?" He licks his lips, a shudder running through his whole body as I lean forward and kiss his tip. "God damn, Meg, I never had you pegged for a shameless -"

Leaning forward, I swallow him down to the hilt, and his last word is lost in a groan.

He's never called me Meg before.

I'm forcing myself not to read too much into this. It's just sex. It's just incredibly hot, incredibly emotionally charged sex with the man I've been loving to hate for the past five years of my life.

But it's just sex.

I pull back for long enough to say: "Keep talking. Tell me how you pictured it." Then I'm back to my task, and his eyes are protesting that I'm not the one who gives orders around here, but then I'm swirling my tongue just right and he does what I ask.

"Laundry day," he sighs, and for a second I'm confused. Then he goes on: "So you wear something to work you wouldn't normally, something you think's too small, or too sexy, it really hugs your curves. The top button on your shirt keeps popping open and showing too much cleavage, and when you bend over the skirt rides up on your ass, and it's definitely not workplace appropriate. So I call you into my...mmm. My office, and..."

I'm marveling at the complexity of the backstory. I never would've guessed he was so imaginative.

Once again, I've momentarily forgotten he's a writer.

"...and..." He's lost his train of thought, eyes unfocused. It's a struggle for him to return to the story, but he does. "And you're so embarrassed at first, but of course there's a tiny part of you that's flattered that I noticed. I tell you that your outfit's caused a big problem and it's your responsibility to solve it now. You say of course, anything, just hoping you'll keep your job and you won't get written up or anything. That's when I roll out my chair and I tell you..." His breaths are coming hard and fast now, but he keeps it going. "...I tell you...to come around and kneel. I'm unzipping and now you know what's going on, but you're drooling for it now even though it's so wrong, so you don't say no. You just do it. You suck my cock like your job depends on it."

He draws in a sharp breath. "Fuck. I'm almost there. You do it. You kneel under my desk and suck while the rest of the office walks by and has no idea what's happening. Meg, I'm gonna..." He's fighting to keep his eyes open, body tensing, rocking forward onto the balls of his feet. "I'm gonna come," he manages, finally, groaning around the word. "You ready for me, baby?"

Fuck if that isn't the sexiest thing I've ever heard.

I answer him in the only way I know how, by grabbing his ass and pulling him deeper.

He floods my mouth, and his knees buckle slightly, and for a second I think I might actually take him down. That would be a fucking sight to behold. But he recovers, grabbing into my shoulder for balance.

When his eyes open, he licks his lips, and smiles.

I release him slowly, and he shudders as my tongue slides along the over-sensitized head. "Next time I'll have you sit down, so you don't hurt yourself," I tell him, smiling cheekily.

"Hmm. Keep on looking so smug. You've got my come on the side of your mouth." He takes my hand and hoists me to my feet, then catches the spill with his thumb and pushes it between my lips. My teeth have dug into them and left little raw spots, and my tongue is tired, but I suck happily nonetheless, letting my eyes fall closed as a soft, pleased sound vibrates in my throat.

"Christ," he mutters. "You love this, don't you?"

I nod. No point in denying it. "Now you know," I say softly, when he withdraws his thumb.

"You know, I think I'm going to take full advantage of this." He strokes my hair back from my face. "Every day, I'm going to call you into my office first thing. But not to bring me coffee - to get on your knees under my desk. Start the morning right."

"Okay." I know it's just a fantasy, or at least, I'm pretty sure it is. But hell, I'd do it. That's the effect he has on me. "But my technique's only mediocre at best when I haven't just had a great orgasm. It's not intentional, but I'm afraid you'll notice the difference."

"Oh, so I've got to hoist you up on my desk and devour you first? What a hardship." He smirks. "That might get tricky, though. I'll have to find something to gag you with."

I laugh at him. "I'm sure you'll think of something."

***

I walk into Adrian's bathroom, stopping at the sink and staring. When I was in here earlier, my eyes were still blurry with sleep and I must have missed an important detail: namely, that there are now two toothbrushes sitting on the counter.

And one of them looks decidedly familiar.

I stand there, stock-still, for a few moments.

"Adrian?"

He walks over, pausing a few feet from the doorway. "What?"

"Did you bring my toothbrush in here?"

I can see his reflection in the mirror, fighting back a smile. "I want you to know it's physically paining me not to give you a sarcastic response to that question."

Whirling around, I glare at him. My gut reaction is irrational, there's no doubt about that, but then again, this is Adrian Risinger we're talking about. Give him an inch, or, you know, about eight inches or so, and he'll take a fucking mile.

"Don't touch my stuff."

His eyebrows go up, a fraction of an inch. "You didn't mind me touching your stuff earlier."

"Wait. The connecting door was locked." I stare at him. "I distinctly remember that."

"Was," he agrees. "But you also had your key in your pocket." He gestures at my pile of discarded clothes.

I blink a few times. "Wow. Okay. I know this is going to be tough for you, because you're so rich nobody's ever called you on this shit, but down here in the real world, that is extremely fucking creepy."

He shoves his hands in his pockets, taking a step back. "You know, you're so beautiful when you're angry."

"Oh, my God." Rolling my eyes, I grab the toothbrush and make my way to the connecting door. "I'll see you at the afternoon sessions, Adrian."

He follows me to the doorway, sliding his foot in when I open it, so that I can't just slam it behind me. I do consider it, but I'm not that cruel.

Yet.

"I just thought it would be more convenient, that's all," he says. "Also, don't you want your clothes?"

He's got to be fucking kidding. But, nope, my bags aren't where I left them either.

"Kindly put all of my belongings back where you found them, Mr. Risinger." I stalk into my bathroom, shutting the door firmly behind me. The nerve.

I mean, I was going to spend the night with him. And every night for the rest of the conference.

But that's not the point.

When I get out of the shower, there's a room service tray sitting on my bed. A little note's scrawled on the hotel stationery, tucked under the plate.

Mea culpa, darling. Mea maxima culpa.

- Mr. R

My bags are exactly where I left them, to the point where I wonder if he took Polaroids for reference. I lift up the metal lid on the plate, and my nose twitches.

It's a massive helping of biscuits and gravy, and I know I shouldn't, but my mouth's watering before I even take a bite.

I pick up the bedside phone and punch in the room number adjacent to mine.

"What are you wearing?" Adrian asks, in that low, dulcet tone.

"How'd you know?" My mouth is full of biscuit, but it hardly matters. "It's my favorite."

"You're a southern girl. I took a wild guess. They don't serve anything with grits, believe it or not, so there weren't a lot of options."

I swallow a mouthful, and smile. "I am not."

"Sure you are. But that drawl only comes out when you're very angry."

I laugh, because of course he's right. I tried to leave as much of my old life behind as I could, coming to New York. And not just because I hated the way people talked about my accent, how it was cute, and adorable, and very much not the kind of accent that you take seriously.

"Of course, what really betrayed you was the first time I told you my coffee had too much sugar in it, and to go and get another cup." He's smirking at the memory, the asshole.

"Told," I echo. "More like ordered. Like a drill sergeant."

"Uh huh," he says. "Potato, potahto. Point is, you set that coffee down on my desk and managed to get in a bless your heart before you walked out the door. That's when I really knew." There's real warmth in his voice, and it goes straight to my chest. Or maybe that's the gravy. "You can take the girl out of the country, but you can't take the country out of the girl."

"Bless your heart." I take a sip of my orange juice. "I'm going to gain thirty pounds on this trip, and it's going to be your fault."

"Hmm." He's very close to the door, and I can almost hear his voice through the crack, as well as through the phone. "If it's any consolation, I'm sure you'll wear it very well."

I set my fork down. "Well, you're obviously not very picky."

At that, the phone suddenly disconnects, and the connecting door pops open. I didn't lock it, of course, and I knew I didn't lock it, but it's still a surprise. I clutch my robe around my chest, for some reason. "I could've been naked, you know."

"Oh, how awkward that would have been," Adrian says, dryly, striding into the room. He sits down on the bed, jostling the tray as he does, and I grab my orange juice with a frown. "I have a new policy. Every time you make a negative comment about your own appearance, I'm docking your paycheck."

"You have called me a hag," I point out, one eyebrow raised. "On multiple occasions."

"Yes, well, you're obviously not a hag, are you?" he counters, impatiently. "That's a joke. That's different."

"Wow," I say, drawing out the word as long and sarcastically as possible. "That's some hard-hitting satire, my friend." I take a sip of my orange juice. "The implication, of course, being that while I'm not a hag, I am fat."

His eyes darken. "I swear to fucking God, I'll turn you over my knee again."

"It's not a dirty word, Adrian. Relax." I set my juice down on the bedside table. "I don't really need your help with my body image, thanks, I've got it all under control."

"Not picky," he says, fixing me with a gaze that won't let me look away. "Those were your exact words, Meghan. Don't pretend like you didn't mean what you meant."

I just shrug. I really, really don't want to have this conversation with him.

"I'll have you know," he says, sliding over slightly to close some of the distance between us, "I'm actually very picky. I don't just toss my dick at anything that crosses my path. You run into a lot of trouble that way."

"So you like big girls." I shrug. "What do you want, a round of applause?"

I'm being incredibly fucking bitter right now, and while he certainly deserves it in general, he doesn't really deserve it right now. Not in this particular case. He's actually trying to be nice, but that's more unnerving than the alternative. It's true, he's never poked fun at my weight. I've never thought to wonder why, until now.

"I like women," he says. "All sorts of women. Confident women. Smart women. Sharp-tongued women. Women who know how to manage difficult men." He reaches forward, catching my chin with his finger, gently lifting my face higher. "And yes, voluptuous women. At the moment I'm particularly intrigued by one woman who embodies all of those qualities, yet insists on calling herself names and then pretending that she isn't." He leans in, brushing his lips against mine. "You're right, it's not a dirty word. Except when it is. Which is most of the time. I can see the cloud pass over your face when you say it."

I can't argue with him, as much as I want to. I've come to terms with my body, I've learned to love my curves, I've cranked "All About That Bass" and followed all the body-positive Facebook pages. I've done everything I'm supposed to do, but yes, the word still echoes in the back of my head, not as a schoolyard taunt, but something much worse.

You're going to have enough trouble finding a husband with that poison tongue of yours, now you're getting fat on top of everything else?

I only want what's best for you, Meghan...

No daughter of mine should be shopping in the plus-size department.

"You know if you actually dock my paychecks, I'll go to the labor board." I swallow down the lump in my throat, forcefully.

"Ah, but you won't." He grins. "Because if you go and do a spiteful thing like that, I'll never put my tongue anywhere near your beautiful pussy again. And trust me, that'll hurt me more than it hurts you." He kisses me hard and fast this time, and although I part my lips, he doesn't deepen it before pulling away. "Now, are you going to behave yourself?"

"Probably not." I reach for his belt buckle. "We've got two hours before my panel, think you can teach me a lesson by then?"

Dodging my grasp, he stands up. "You know, if I were a cruel man, I'd spend every moment of that time devouring you, but never letting you come. Bringing you right to the edge, and then back again. And I'd make you do your panel appearance as a sopping, incoherent mess. But lucky for you, I'm not."

I swallow hard, my fingers twitching with the need to touch him. But he's heading for the door.

"Wait," I plead, but he's already turning the handle.

"Sorry, Ms. Burns. You'll have to live with only having me once this morning. I trust you'll endure."

"But..."

The door slams.

I pick up the phone and punch his room number in, angrily.

"Adrian Risinger speaking."

"Get your ass over here!" I shout down the receiver.

There's a moment of silence.

"Sorry, who is this?"

I throw the phone at the wall.

Chapter Ten

It's like my college literature classes, all over again.

"What do you think, Natalie?"

I clear my throat. "Well, you know, it's important to distinguish between fantasy and reality when it comes to this stuff. Most readers, and do pay attention to the operative word there, want to read about the kind of guy they can't have in real life. Not because he's inaccessible, but because he'd be a terrible partner in real life. So you create this fantasy of the controlling bad boy who becomes something else, during the course of the story - but without losing his teeth. He knows exactly when to be pushy, and exactly when to back off."

I am completely talking out of my ass. The last time I was this full of shit, I was using my memory of a Wishbone episode to convince my professor I'd actually read The Legend of Sleepy Hollow. Don't ask me why the fuck The Legend of Sleepy Hollow was in a college curriculum in the first place, but thank God for small mercies.

The audience member at the microphone pipes up. "But don't you think things are changing? Is the age of the bad boy on its way out? I keep seeing more and more people talking about how they want to read about nice guys."

Someone coughs.

Izzy glances down the row of panelists. "Anybody have any thoughts on that?"

"Well," I hear myself pipe up, "I think of course there's always going to be room for something different. But it's not like alpha bad boys are some new phenomenon. That don't-give-a-shit attitude, pardon my French, always has been and always will be sexy. It telegraphs power and control. It sends the message that he's a man who will fight for you, and stand by you, even if the rest of the world turns on you. And if he wants something, he'll go after it. If you look at those few popular books that do feature nice guys, they still have those qualities. They're just a little bit softer around the edges."

"Great point," says Izzy. "We're just about running out of time, I think we can take one more question."

I look up, just in time to see Adrian - who's appeared out of nowhere - sweet-talking the next woman in line into handing him the microphone.

Oh, for fuck's sake.

"I'm curious about the billionaire phenomenon," he says, locking eyes with me. "I see a lot of readers saying they're tired of billionaires and they just want to read about regular guys, to the point where they'll avoid anything that has "billionaire" in the title or description. Have we reached the point where it's more of a harm than a help?"

Izzy glances at me, like she's wondering if I planted him. I shake my head a little.

"Well," she says, "not to call on you again, Natalie, but you are the billionaire romance expert here. What do you think?"

I shrug. "Plenty of books have billionaires, they just don't put it out there. I guess you could argue in some cases it's better to be subtle about it now, but the tropes still apply. They're powerful, but they're isolated. A bit weird, at best. 'Eccentric' is just weird with money, as we all know."

The audience titters.

"We just found a new word for it. Today, Mr. Darcy would be a billionaire. All those dukes and lairds and roguish princes from the old Harlequins - same deal. They snap their fingers, you come."

Adrian smirks.

"But I think the readership is still there," I go on, ignoring him - even as a deep blush spreads across my chest. "You can't please everybody all of the time, but the billionaire readers aren't going anywhere."

He's still smiling at me.

Izzy announces the end of the panel, and we all get a round of applause. I can see Adrian making his way up to me, and before I can stand up, he lays a hand on my shoulder. It would look friendly to anyone else, maybe bordering on intimate, but I can feel the power and control that it signifies.

"A bit weird, am I?" he murmurs.

"You better believe it," I tell him, without looking up. "I think I want to go to that serials workshop, for the last session. Unless you had other plans."

"Go ahead," he says. "I'm heading back to the room for a bit. Have to make a few phone calls."

I'm irritated, but I don't show it. I no longer feel out of my element, and the sour taste in the back of my mouth from implicitly lying to all of these people has started to fade. After all, he hired me to do it. It's not like I stole someone's identity.

I wonder who he needs to call, that's so important. Kara has been noticeably absent from our big events. I'm glad for it, so I haven't questioned why, but he always has a sour expression on his face when he's just been talking to her. I wonder if she's heard about my panties. I was worried when I first walked into the room, but so far, nobody's mentioned anything, or even given me a sly look. Maybe the cover models did something really crazy after I left, and eclipsed the whole thing.

Normally I'd be upset to miss it, but I can't say I regret my decision to let Adrian drag me back to his room.

No, not by a long shot.

***

The serial workshop turns into a terminal bore, so I sneak out the back and return to my own room. Adrian said he needed to make a phone call, after all, so I figured I'll let him have his privacy. Anyway, I'm not sure exactly how much he wants me hanging around when we're not either fucking or sleeping. Kicking my shoes off, I throw the curtains open to let some light in. I wonder if Adrian's discovered his balcony. A quick peek out the glass tells me yes, he has.

One hand has his phone glued to his ear, and the other is resting on the railing as he looks out over the city. I watch him for a minute before I start to feel creepy again, and return to flop down on my bed.

He could easily walk over and see me. I'm not sure if he's realized yet that he can. A wicked idea starts to grow in the back of my mind, and the more I try to suppress it, the more it grows. I sit up on the bed and peer out again. He's still there, more or less where I left him. But maybe he's a bit closer - or is that just my imagination?

Smiling to myself, I drag a chair over from the corner and situate it right in front of my doors. If he turns around, he'll see me lounging there. I pop a few of the buttons on my blouse and let my legs splay open, a little more than is proper for this skirt.

Just when I'm starting to think he's never going to notice, he turns his head just slightly.

I see it - that moment where he's startled, then taken aback, then realizes I'm clearly playing an angle. He turns around slowly, a smile playing at his lips.

I wave a little, and I can see him chuckle.

The glass is too thick for me to hear his voice, and he seems to be mostly listening to the conversation, anyway. Maybe it's some kind of conference call. Ugh. Horribly boring, wouldn't wish them on my worst enemy.

I can make it a little more interesting.

He's the only one who can see me, all the way up here. I'm pretending to play with my collar, letting my hand trail down my shirt, casually finding a button and slipping it through the hole. His eyes narrow slightly, and he takes a step closer.

With my shirt now gaping open, I get up and saunter over to the mini bar. Fetching a tiny bottle of scotch and a glass, I shovel some ice in and pour. I'm not looking at him now, but I hope I still have his attention.

I do.

Returning to my chair, I stir the drink with my finger and raise it to my mouth, slowly sucking off the liquor. It burns bitter on my tongue, but I close my eyes in pleasure.

Adrian's still pressing the phone to his ear, but his other hand is a clenched fist. I don't have him completely hooked. Not yet.

I set down my drink, and unbutton my shirt the rest of the way. Letting it slip from my shoulders, I glance at him from under my lashes. He's shaking his head, and he shows me the flat of his palm. He's still not letting himself smile all the way, but I know it's more of a promise than a threat.

I'm cupping my breasts, one in each hand, letting my nipples stiffen and come to life. It doesn't take long, looking at him. Watching him slowly unravel. I can see him starting to get hard, and that's all the encouragement I need - even if he's not acknowledging it.

I unhook my bra and toss it aside.

Through the glass, I see his Adam's apple bob up and down. His eyes close slightly, and he takes a step forward.

I stand up, walking towards him. His hand reaches for the glass, as if it could meet with mine, and I mirror him, so that our fingertips almost appear to touch.

Our eyes meet, and I quickly realize I'm in over my head. We're sharing something more than a striptease. My heart's thumping like crazy and I can't put my finger on what, exactly, is happening - I just know it's not what I signed up for.

Suddenly, he lowers the phone.

Shoves it in his pocket.

And then he's reaching for the door handle.

I can't hold back my grin. He tugs, then tugs again. Frowning, he looks up at me.

This time it's easy enough to read his lips, because I already know what he's saying.

It's locked.

I just shrug. Can't hear you.

His eyes darken. It's fucking locked.

I shake my head, pointing to my ear.

He takes out his phone again, and in a moment, mine's buzzing. But I pretend not to hear it.

Adrian pounds on the glass, glaring at me. I just keep shrugging and smiling, and retreat to my bed, picking up my discarded shirt along the way and pulling it on.

A moment later he disappears, and the knocking displaces itself to the connecting door. I keep on ignoring it, even when it stops and reappears again, this time coming from the hallway.

I pick up my phone, now that he's out of sight.

YOU BITCH

I'm giggling like a loon.

You reap what you sow, Mr. R.

The response comes fast and furious.

You'll fucking regret this when you finally let me get my hands on you

I sense a shadow passing by the glass doors, and I look up. He's got his belt in one hand, and his tie in the other, and he's wearing a sexy glower on his face that would make any woman fucking melt. I give him another what? look, and he rolls his eyes before pulling out his phone again. The text comes a moment later:

Use your imagination.

I laugh, tossing the phone down on the bed. He disappears again, and this time he doesn't come back.

As much fun as it would be to let him in, he needs to pay for teasing me earlier. And I have a feeling things are only going to get better, the longer I let him simmer.

***

After I've waited for a while to make sure I don't run into Adrian in the hallway, I grab a few drinks with Izzy at the hotel bar to kill some time. She asks me some probing questions about my relationship with Adrian, but I manage to dodge them, more or less. She's definitely sensing some vibes, though. Thankfully, she has another party to go to - a private one, this time, so I'm not invited.

Good. I've got something else on the agenda for tonight.

After a long elevator ride, I take a deep breath, and knock on his door. It doesn't take him long to answer, and he's got a key card in his hand when I do.

"I meant to give you this earlier," he says. "Although, for the record, the connecting door is unlocked on my side."

I'm slightly taken aback. "...thanks."

He shrugs, turning around and ambling back to the desk, where he's got a few papers spread out. "No expectations. Just, if you want to move your stuff in here, you're welcome to. I won't make the mistake of doing it again myself."

I roll my eyes. "For the record, what normal people do is this: 'hey, you know, if you want to share a room for the rest of the trip, feel free to bring your bags in here and claim a spot for your toothbrush.'"

"I didn't want to come on too strong." He shrugs.

I give him a look.

"Okay, in retrospect, yes." He makes a conciliatory gesture. "I see your point. You can stop looking at me like that."

"I really don't know if I can," I tell him.

He sighs. "I thought maybe...I didn't want you think I was joking. That's all. So I, you know, I committed the cardinal sin of touching your stuff."

"And breaking into my room," I point out.

"Breaking in." He scoffs. "I had the key."

"Which you took out of my pocket."

"Which you left on my floor," he says. "How is moving your belongings more of a violation of privacy than literally putting a part of my body inside of your body?"

I throw myself across the bed with a dramatic sigh. "Normal people don't ask these kinds of questions, Adrian. Normal people just respect other people's boundaries without making it into an existential dilemma. And normal people don't go through a woman's clothes to find her hotel key."

"Going through is a strong term," he says. "It's not like I was looking for your panties."

"Wow." I roll over and glare at him. "You should really stop talking at this point."

He shakes his head, sitting back down at the desk. "That's just as well. I have work to do."

Work? Seriously? Is he going to play hard to get now?

I get back on my feet, because apparently, having a willing woman sprawled across his bed isn't enough of an enticement. "The only reason you weren't looking for panties is because you already got a pair," I purr, coming up behind him and draping my arms across his shoulders. "You can keep those, by the way."

"Hmm." He's actually still pretending to pay attention to those papers, the asshole.

I step back.

"Oh, not good enough? Want me to dress up like a stewardess?"

He blinks. "Sorry?"

I'm not proud of myself for bringing that up, but hey, now it's out there. "Come on, don't pretend like you weren't drooling over her on the flight over." I'm trying to laugh it off, to sound casual, like I'm just poking fun at him. Instead of, you know, seething with jealousy. Considering how we've spent the majority of our time here so far, it's pretty ridiculous that I can't just let this go.

Of course, it's not really her I'm jealous of. But the last thing I want to think about right now is Kara.

"I'm sure your ass would look fantastic in a little blue skirt," he admits, capturing my wrist and pulling me close. "But if you opened your eyes, Meghan, you would've noticed I was mostly looking at you. The only difference is that you didn't want to see it. I spent the whole car ride over trying not to notice how far your skirt rode up your thighs. I was in a bad state. Very, very bad."

He stands up, and drags my hand down to his fly, pressing it firmly against him so I can feel how he stiffens at my touch. "And when you get a man into that kind of mood, he happens to notice if a woman's buttocks are directly at eye level. It's difficult not to." He unzips and guides my hand between the folds of fabric. "But it doesn't mean she's the one I really want."

"I'm not jealous," I insist, squeezing him gently.

His eyes close for a moment. "Of course you're not," he says, roughly. "Why would you be? She's not the one with her hand down my pants right now, is she?"

I let out a soft snort, which does nothing to flag his arousal. "Like you'd say no."

Adrian grabs a handful of my hair, yanking my head back just enough to make me gasp. "Do you really want to run through the laundry list of every woman in the world I'd be willing to fuck? Would that make you happy?" His eyes flicker with anger and lust. "I've fucked a lot of women, Ms. Burns. Let's not make any mistake about that. I can't say how many, not just because it's some obscene number, but because I don't know. Is that what you want to hear?"

I'm still stroking him. Faster, in fact. My heart's pounding and I feel like I can't catch my breath.

"I don't know and I don't care," he growls, "but I'd rather be here now, getting an angry handjob from you, than have an orgy with every single one of them. Is that fucking clear?"

My knees buckle, and he catches me, slamming me against his body. My hand and his cock are trapped there, immobile, and I feel him throbbing to the same insistent beat of my arousal.

"I don't care if you believe me or not, because it's true." He leans down and kisses me, savagely, not pulling away until I bite his lip. "Fuck," he hisses, touching the spot where I hurt him. "You want to play rough, baby girl?"

"Maybe." I bite my own lip, trying to hide a grin. I'm better than an orgy of models and heiresses. I don't think for a moment that he really meant it, but it's the hottest thing anybody's ever said to me, so right now, I really don't care.

"The safe word is red." He grabs me and spins me around, pulling me flush against him. Grinding into my ass. His hand slides down my front and stops between my legs, pushing my skirt out of way to cup me possessively. "Mine. Understand?"

I nod, and he nuzzles my neck, nibbling at my earlobe. I shudder at the sensation, circling my hips, rubbing against him while I push myself against his fingers. We both moan in unison, and his teeth scrape my shoulder.

"If any of those pretty boy model motherfuckers so much as touches you, I'll knock their god damn teeth out," he whispers. "And then I'll fuck you for hours until you remember that you're mine."

"Tempting," I gasp, as his fingers push my panties aside and quest deeper. "But I'd rather skip to step two and avoid the violence."

His other hand grabs my breasts, manhandling one and then the other, feeling my nipples desperately stiff like pebbles under my lacy bra. It does absolutely nothing to hide my reaction, and for once I'm grateful.

"That firefighter," he murmurs. "The one who was looking at you like he wants to eat you alive. Would it be like this with him?" He curls his fingers inside, and I cry out. "Would your body react like this for another man?"

"No," I whimper. "Please, Adrian..."

"Sir," he growls. "You will address me with the proper respect."

"Please, Sir." He's the only thing holding me upright now, as his thumb glides along my clit and suspends me on the edge. I don't even know what I'm asking him for, but he does.

"Come for me." His thumb moves in little circles, making it impossible not to obey.

Gasping and shuddering, I clench around his fingers. It's hard and quick, the intensity taking me completely by surprise.

"Mmm...thank you, Sir," I whisper, as he pulls his hand away. He turns me around to face him, his eyes black with arousal.

"Good girl." He's pressing the tip of his thumb against my mouth and I suck him in, eyes closing, laving him with my tongue. I taste myself on his skin, and it's electrifying. "Someone's finally learned the meaning of gratitude."

I look at him through hooded eyes. When he pulls this thumb away, I lick my lips in appreciation. "Let me show you how grateful I am," I purr.

"Oh, you want to thank me properly?" He smiles, dark and predatory. Even though his erection is still sticking out of his fly, he's undoing his belt and letting his pants fall to the ground. This should probably look silly, with his shirt and his damn jacket still on, but it really, really doesn't. "Beg to suck my cock."

Heart racing, I kneel at his feet. "Please, sir. Let me make you come with my mouth. I need to be reminded of who it belongs to."

He curses softly, grabbing my head and pulling me forward. "You were born to do this, you know that?"

I can't really argue. I've never felt this alive, every nerve zinging and sparking with excitement. Not just arousal, but adrenaline. I could be quoting directly from one of his books, but I'm not - my own imagination has taken over, my own desires and secret wants spilling from my lips. I might be on my knees, with half of my hair tangled in his unyielding grip, but this tastes like power.

I'm hungry for it. I want more, I want it all, now. It's like I'm possessed, my nails digging into the tight muscles of his ass while he thrusts shallowly into my mouth. What a sweetheart - remembering that I need to breathe. I would smirk, if my mouth wasn't full of his cock.

When he comes, hot and eager in my mouth, he hardly gives me any time to react before he's yanking me back to my feet. I rush to swallow, catching the last drips with my tongue, and he tosses me on the bed before shrugging off his jacket and pulling his shirt off over his head. Too much of a hassle to unbutton the whole thing, I suppose.

His legs are still trembling from the aftershocks, but he's got that hungry look in his eyes. One orgasm isn't enough to satisfy whatever lust I've inspired. He's completely naked now, and as good as he looks in suits, I'm pretty sure I prefer him this way.

From the floor, he retrieves his belt and his tie. My heartbeat quickens as I remember when he promised earlier. I'm still not sure exactly what it is, but I can't wait to find out.

It's strange. I'm still fully clothed, but I couldn't possibly feel any more vulnerable under his gaze. Adrian, on the other hand, radiates power like this. From the sculpted muscles of his chest, to the powerful lengths of sinew in his legs, to the half-hard cock swinging between them, there is absolutely nothing vulnerable about him.

"Hands above your head," he commands.

I do it, and he leans over me, his knee pressing into the mattress and into my ribs. I squirm a little while he wraps the belt around my wrists, fastening it with a long tail for easy grabbing.

"Move with me, and don't fight it," he murmurs. "Shoulders are delicate. If something hurts, safe word. Right away. Do you understand?"

I nod.

He uses the belt to pull me upright, and I follow his instructions, not letting too much of the pressure land on my shoulders. For a moment he just watches me, his eyes searching every part of me, like he's looking for something. I don't know what.

Finally, he drops my arms. They fall in front of me, the tail of the belt snapping against my thigh and making me wince. I'm glad he didn't decide to spank me with it, although I suppose the night is young.

Next, he picks up the tie, and wraps it around my eyes.

As soon as I'm bathed in darkness, I feel my arousal climb up a few notches higher. My breathing quickens, and I'm instinctively searching for other cues to tell me where he is. I think I can still feel the heat of his body, close, but I'm second-guessing myself.

"Spread your legs."

He's at least several feet away. I do what he asks, taking a wide stance, as much as the skirt allows. I hear a tiny rip, and I realize I've pushed things a little too far.

I jump when I feel his hands on my hips, very suddenly. From the sound of his breathing, he must be kneeling behind me. I feel something strange, cold metal, I think, sliding against my skin.

Snick.

The skirt, and my brand new panties, flutter away.

I gasp. "That was expensive!"

Seriously? That's all I can think of, at a time like this?

"I know." He's chuckling. "I paid for it, remember?"

His breath tickles me, brushing past the inside of my thigh. My whole body stiffens.

"If you're a good girl, I'll buy you ten more," he whispers, before I feel him kissing me deeply, right on my quivering pussy. I let out a keening moan, trying to figure out where the hell he is, what angle he's coming from. His hands clasp around my shins, helping me stay upright, and he's clearly in front of me now, but I don't know when that happened.

No one's ever actually kissed me like this, just as if he's kissing my mouth, except it couldn't be more different. His lips rub against sensitized flesh, his tongue sliding and exploring inside me. I'm trembling, once again utterly astonished at his ability to make such a simple, commonplace act feel totally unlike anything I've experienced before.

I'm shaking all over, and I don't know how long it's been, hours or minutes? Probably minutes. Maybe seconds. Hell if I know.

"Sir?" I whisper, urgently.

He makes a muffled noise, but he doesn't stop.

"Sir!" I whimper. "Please - I have to ask you something."

He pulls back, slowly, kissing my thigh as he does. "Yes, princess?"

My chest contracts painfully. Terms of endearment sound so good, coming from him. Even if they're a tiny bit sarcastic. I lick my lips, trying to find my voice again. "Do I have permission to come?"

I can hear him grin. "When I'm doing this? Always. Unless I tell you otherwise."

I let out a sigh of relief, but he doesn't immediately return to his task. "So you're close, hmm? Again?" He leans in close, nipping at the soft skin by the crease of my thigh. "It would be fun to tease you, like you teased me earlier. Do you know how long I spent talking myself down from that? I didn't want to jerk off. I wanted to save it for you. And I did, eventually. But I had to stroke it a few times. I had to. Even though I knew it would be almost impossible to stop, I couldn't help myself." He sighs. "But you're such a good girl, asking permission, it's not fair to make you wait any longer."

I moan, my inner muscles contracting just at the thought of him with his fist clenched around his cock, forcing himself to stop. Then his mouth is on me again, and I tumble into ecstasy.

He makes it seem so easy. It would be infuriating, if it wasn't so wonderful.

"I love the look on your face when you can't tell where I am," he says, his voice delectably sex-roughened. "But I miss seeing your eyes."

With that, he unties the makeshift blindfold, letting it slither to the floor. I blink a few times, and when I open my eyes all the way, he's lying on the bed.

"Climb on," he says, with a halfway grin.

With my hands bound, my balance is thrown off more than it usually would be, in the afterglow. I focus on climbing up, straddling him, and his hands on my hips steady me. His cock slides in like it was meant to be there. I sigh, almost forgetting that he's getting a damn good view of me from the least flattering angle possible. But he clearly loves it. As much as he's trying to keep on a stern Dom Face, probably the way he imagines Dirk looks while he's getting fucked, he can't quite erase the edges of a smile. That I can't believe this woman's really on top of me right now smile. That I'd be high-fiving myself in a mirror right now, if there was one handy smile.

"What so funny?" he wants to know, gripping my thighs so his fingers sink into the soft flesh.

"Nothing." I want to lean down and kiss him, but with my hands tied in front of me, I can't figure out how to work it. "You look smug."

"You're goddamn right I'm smug," he sighs, his hips arching to meet me. "Took me five years to crack this one. I've got the right to be."

I laugh. He hasn't actually been trying to fuck me for five years, has he? I would have noticed. Surely.

"I love the way you come for me," he says, suddenly. Seriously. "Almost on command. You know I always dreamed of training a woman to do that? Ever since I found out it was a thing. But you're at least seventy percent there."

"It's just with you, you know," I tell him, because it seems pointless to pretend otherwise.

"I know," he half-whispers. "I can tell by the look on your face. Every time, it's like it surprises you."

With a little grin, his fingers find the spot where we're joined. Touching me just the way I want. Just the way I need.

We hit that peak almost at the same time, bodies undulating, almost laughing a little, at ourselves - at each other. He unfastens the belt, and I lean forward, letting my hair brush against him. He makes a face as it tickles his nose.

Our fingers intertwine, like our bodies are determined to be as close as possible, even if our hearts and minds are still stubborn as hell.

And for right now, I'm tired of fighting.

Chapter Eleven

One thing I failed to notice, when I went over the schedule, was that the big send-off party at the conference had a theme. A costume theme.

I'm staring at it now.

The infographic looks like something out of Boogie Nights, and it says 80's Prom Night in big neon letters.

"I think they got some wires crossed here," I point out. "This is clearly a '70s design. Also, a bunch of writers don't know where the fucking apostrophe goes."

Adrian shrugs, picking at the fruit salad that came with his room service breakfast. "I think it officially goes before the S now," he says. "Language is a living, breathing thing, you know."

"You would smack my ass so hard if I let that slip by in one of your letters." I laugh at him. "If you're not going to eat the fruit, stop poking at it. I'll finish it."

"Fine." He pushes the dish across the little table. "So is that an official thing, now? I can spank you at work?"

I grin at him, taking a bite of cantaloupe. "You're my boss, Mr. Risinger. You can do whatever you want."

He lets out a noise that's half-laugh, half-groan. "I'll end up arrested if you keep saying things like that. We both will."

"Don't be ridiculous. It's private property." I lick my lips. "You could send everybody home and fuck me in every single floor, every single room of that building, and not a law in the land could touch you."

He raises his eyebrows slightly. "And once again, having too much money just robs me of all the usual thrills in life." Moving lightning-fast, he snatches a grape out of my hand and pops it in his mouth. "What's the fun of having sex at work if you can't get in trouble for it?"

I'm giggling. "Uh, there's still a lot of fun. But okay. Fair enough."

"I should spank whoever came up with this fucking '80s prom theme," he grumbles.

My eyes snap to his. "Don't you dare."

He smiles, grabbing a piece of pineapple. "I like it when you get jealous, you know."

"Now, suddenly, you want the fruit?" I push the bowl back across the table. "Ugh. Just take it."

"Only because you wanted it," he says. "I hear there's a thrift shop down the street. Might still have something, if we hit it early."

"We're not seriously going, are we?" I'm already preemptively bored and irritated at the thought. "I mean, come on. '80s Prom?"

Adrian shrugs. "Everyone else is going to be there. All the cool kids. Come on - it'll be fun. I'll help you find something really hideous, lots of ruffles."

"They won't have anything in my size."

He rolls his eyes. "You can't possibly know that, until you try it on."

***

I'm flipping through the racks at the thrift shop, which is crawling with conference attendees who didn't prepare for the party either. Pickings are slim. Adrian finds a powder blue tuxedo in about six point three seconds, and of course it fits perfectly, and I don't want to admit how good it actually looks on him.

"Great," I tell him, when he models it for me. "You look exactly like Marky Mark in Boogie Nights."

"Well, I don't fill it out quite as well," he says, glancing in the mirror. "But thanks anyway."

I shrug. "Anyone can do that with a prosthetic. You're all natural. Be proud."

Finding something for me is a little more difficult, as I imagined. Adrian's hanging by, just close enough to snark, but not close enough to actually help me look.

"So do you only like big girls? Or what?" I don't know why I'm asking this question. I don't know why I want to find out, except that maybe if it's some weird fetish thing, I'd rather not be involved. But it's clearly too late for that.

He licks his thumb and pages through the massive booklet we were given in our welcome bags. "Not only," he says. "Just mostly. Why do you care? It's not like it's unusual. Surely you're aware of that."

"It's unusual for people to be this secure about it," I tell him. "And this unapologetic."

"Why should I apologize?" He lets his eyes wander over my body. "Although, I will say it's difficult at first. When I was a teenager, I thought there was something wrong with me. Eventually I just realized it's the rest of the world that goes through these bizarre phases of obsession with different body types on women - society's the crazy one, not me."

"Wow, that's an inspiring story." I pull something hideous and lavender-colored off the rack. "You should get Macklemore to write a song about it."

Adrian snickers. "That's it. You found it. It's perfect."

"Really?" Glancing at it, I can tell it's roughly the right size. I hold it up next to his tuxedo. "We're going to look like a pastel nightmare."

"It's like I said." He smiles. "Perfect."

***

Despite Adrian's repeated insistence, I do not feather my hair. However, I do pull it into a sideways ponytail before we walk into the party.

I don't want to be here. I want to be with him, in his room, where I have in fact "moved my stuff" because I've given up on pretending. I want us to spend our last few hours together at this conference in each other's arms, because I have a a feeling when we get home, everything is going to change.

It's not exactly a question I can ask. If this was supposed to just be an out-of-town fling, I'm not going to be the dork who acts like I've been planning our wedding. But now that we've gone this far, I can't imagine backtracking. How can I just return to our usual thing, when I've spent the last week memorizing every inch of his skin?

"This mix seems very Prince-heavy," Adrian comments, as we wait for the bartender. Right on cue, "When Doves Cry" thuds to a stop.

I shrug. "It makes sense, thematically. Every Prince song is about sex."

"Every song is about sex."

"That's ridiculous." I pick up my beer. "You're ridiculous. What about this one?" I glance up at the ceiling, indicating the ballad that's currently taking over the speakers.

He snorts. "Are you kidding? 'Take My Breath Away?' It might as well be called 'Make Me Come.'"

"I'm pretty sure I still breathe when I'm having an orgasm."

Adrian raises an eyebrow. "I've had my doubts." He reaches for my beer, and I almost successfully dodge him, but I don't want to spill it. Setting both of our drink down on the table, he takes my hand.

"Come on. It's not a prom if we don't dance."

My heartbeat quickens, even though I'm pretty sure he just wants to outdo that cover model. Most people here are dancing solo, or sock-hope-style with their friends. But Adrian, of course, knows how to dance.

With his hand on my waist, he leads me around the room, and I don't know what kind of dance this is but I clearly don't need to.

"You're good at this," I murmur, because clearly what he needs is another ego stroke.

"I know." He's very close to me, and he smells like thrift shop, and that's got to be the first time that's ever been true of Adrian Risinger. But I lean in closer, anyway. "I've had lessons."

"Really? I just figured you were naturally a genius at everything."

"Yeah, I've got everybody fooled. I'm going to dip you. Just hold on."

Before I have a chance to protest, he does. The head rush if spectacular, and as he pulls me back upright, I hear a few people tittering and clapping quietly.

"To impress the kind of people I need to impress, you've got to leave the impression that you popped out of the womb sounding like Alec Baldwin in Glengarry Glen Ross," he says, with a grin. "We all know it's not true, that it can't be true, but it's a shared delusion we all participate in. Learning how to do something isn't sexy. Knowing how to do it is."

The song ends, and my head's still spinning. I don't really want to examine why.

"I'm gonna sit down for a while," I tell him, and he follows me.

Something seems to have subdued him, and he sits quietly with his drink while I scan the room. Izzy's managed to bend the ear of some big-deal agent, so I'm not going to blow up her scene.

"I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't this," I comment, glancing around the room again. "It's just an iPod and a bartender with a one-free-drink limit. Not exactly my idea of a party."

Adrian sets his glass down. "Well, it probably helps if you already know all these people. There are convention cliques. They hang out at every conference and plan out their coordinating costumes and who knows what the fuck else."

He knows about this, I realize, because of Kara. She's the one who's kept him informed about all of this stuff, and I kind of hate the idea of him looking to her for guidance.

"I used to always try and start a game of truth or dare at boring parties," I comment. "Probably not a good idea here, though."

"I'm game," says Adrian, smiling again.

"Ugh, no. Definitely not."

"Come on." His foot nudges mine under the able. "Keep it PG-13 for the benefit of the other guests."

"Okay. Fine. I dare you to tell me one weird-as-fuck thing about yourself that will make me do this face." I give him the best impression of my own what the fuck, Mr. Risinger? expression. Over the years, I've perfected it, but it's hard to do on cue.

"Fine." He grins. "I only fuck in hotels."

I blink a few times. "You mean, only when you're out of town?"

"God no." He frowns at me. "I mean, if I'm going to have sex with someone who doesn't want to host, I get a hotel room. They don't come back to my place. I don't think it's that odd, but I've gotten some reactions before."

Shrugging, I pick up my drink. "Well, you probably have a lot of valuable shit. Don't want some stranger in there while you'll sleeping. That doesn't seem too weird to me."

"That's not why, though," he says. "It's not about them spending the night. No one except me, my housekeepers, and a few very select people have even seen the inside of my bedroom. I like it that way." He shrugs. "Sleep better. Do I get the look yet?"

I'm laughing now. "Honestly, this is getting kind of creepy. If I'd known how much you want the look, I never would have offered it in the first place. Want me to tell you what a bad boy you've been, too?"

"Oh, I think you know my tastes don't run in that direction." He leans across the table slightly. "I don't know if this has caught your attention yet, Natalie, but we happen to be in a hotel right now."

"Yeah, and you're wearing a powder-blue tuxedo." I smirk at him. "Pass."

"I will astonish you with how quickly I can make it disappear," he says. "Promise."

Suddenly, I feel a distinct presence. Glancing towards the doorway, I see Kara drifting into the room. She's wearing leggings and an off-the-shoulder sweatshirt - Flashdance, I realize belatedly as she gets closer. Not exactly 80's prom, but I'll give her points for effort.

She gives us both a look, and then slides into the chair next to Adrian's. He glances at her sidelong, but doesn't say anything.

"Having fun?"

The question is clearly directed at me.

"Yeah, thanks," I tell her. No idea what I'm supposed to say, but that seems good enough.

"I hope we're getting some networking done," she says. "That is why we're here, after all."

Adrian sighs a little. "I told you, there's nobody here who can give me a push that I don't already have."

"You're wrong." Kara's shaking her head, and my jaw drops. I've never heard anyone talk to Adrian that bluntly - except maybe me. "The old publishing structure is dying out. You've seen the pricing disputes. We need to court all the influential bloggers. The top reviewers on Goodreads. They're the ones who can sustain us through any kind of behind-the-scenes changes. The publishing arm of Risinger is already the redheaded stepchild - I don't have to tell you that."

"Yes, but I can keep it going," he says, stubbornly. "That's my prerogative."

"You've already lost twenty percent of your authors this year to self-publishing," Kara says. "How much collective bargaining do you think you'll really have, when it's just you and a tired old backlist nobody wants?"

A heavy silence reigns.

"I'm sorry if I was supposed to be doing something and I didn't," I interject, softly. "I've been trying to talk to people..."

Kara makes an irritated gesture, hushing me. "It's not your fault. You didn't know. He was supposed to give you the down-low while I worked other angles, but I have a feeling he's been busy with something else."

Her eyes flick between us, like she's trying to ferret out whether her assumption is correct.

"Kara." Adrian's voice has a warning - a subtle one, but I can hear it, and I'm sure she can too. "I've got thirty business cards in my suitcase already. Natalie's made some new friends. This has been a productive trip, and if you don't agree, I'm sorry. But it's a bit late to do anything about it now."

"Well if you're just going to sit here playing footsie, then I'm not even sure why you're at the party at all." Kara stands up, bristling. "Why don't you head back to your room and continue the important work you've been spending all your time on?"

"Kara." Adrian's eyes turn to stone. "Stop it."

"Sorry," she says, not looking sorry at all. "I'll withhold my advice until it's more welcome."

As she disappears, I look at Adrian with my eyebrows raised. "You still think she's not jealous?"

He lets out a little humorless laugh. "Maybe a little."

"Maybe a lot."

"I knew things would get complicated once you were involved," he admits. "I guess I just didn't realize how complicated."

I'm not sure if he's really talking to me. "Complicated. I'm sorry. I don't mean to be complicated."

"I know you don't," he says. "Complicated's not bad. It's just...complicated."

Chapter Twelve

Complicated.

I'm complicated.

When we get back from the party, I start drifting around Adrian's room, gathering my belongings. He reminds me I can pack in the morning, that the jet will wait for us, because of course it will. But I tell him I need to unwind. What I really need is to get away from him for a minute, to clear my head, but here I am, with my stuff in his room. Everything. Including my toothbrush.

I wonder if the maids notice my bed hasn't been slept in. I wonder if they care.

"I'm just going to make sure I didn't leave anything behind," I tell him, walking through the connecting door. He nods.

I close it, and I walk into the middle of my empty room and stare at nothing.

The chair's still by the sliding glass door, where I left it. My striptease certainly had the desired effect, but what was my long play? Do I really want something ongoing with Adrian Fucking Risinger?

Really, I can't believe I've let my hormones get the best of me like this. I should know better. There's no good outcome here, though...is there?

Why did I walk into the pool?

If we leave all of this behind in Austin, if we go back home pretending it never happened, I'll be devastated. But if we carry on...what'll happen then?

Adrian knocks on the connecting door.

"It's open," I tell him.

He walks in, and sits down on the edge of the bed. "I'm sorry I said you were complicated."

A preemptive apology? From Adrian?

The world must be turned upside down.

"I'm not upset that you said it," I tell him, staring at the blank TV screen. "I'm upset that it's true."

I can see his dim reflection reaching out to me, so I go. I let him take my hand, and I sit down, and he puts his arm around my shoulders and says nothing.

Finally, he speaks.

"This whole thing is complicated. It's not your fault. I wanted the part of Natalie to be played by someone I could trust. I think Kara wanted to do it. She never brought it up, because she knows she can't - she already runs in these circles, she's known as herself. I think she's unhappy that someone else got to do it, instead of her."

I'm shaking my head. "Stop making excuses for her. Please."

"I'm not."

"You are. She likes you. Did you tell her that we're sleeping together? Did you tell her about the pool?"

His tone is mildly offended. "Of course not. But she's not an idiot."

"She didn't like me the first moment she saw me. So if she didn't know..."

Adrian kisses my forehead. "I told you. It's got nothing to do with us. She's just unhappy with something she can't control."

A thousand questions rush and churn in my head. I want to ask him if all that stuff about us fooling around in the office was just dirty talk and fantasies. I want to ask him why Kara saw me as a threat from the very beginning, if he didn't tell her something.

"Come to bed?" Adrian asks, finally. "Just to sleep. I mean - unless you'd rather something else."

"Sleep sounds good," I admit. "Might have overdone it a little this week. I could use some recovery time."

"God, yes." Adrian grins at me, leading me through the door. "Does this mean I'm getting old?"

"A little," I tell him. "But it's okay. You've got enough money that nobody will call you out if you keep pretending like you're young. Make sure to wear lots of tight jeans and hipster glasses."

"I have been wondering if my eyesight's going," he admits, sitting down on the bed and pulling off his shoes. "I don't know, though. That's a bit of a commitment to the hipster uniform."

"Well, you can start slow, and work your way up. Start with a stylish beard."

"You think so?" He touches his chin, thoughtfully.

"Sure. It would suit you. Everything suits you."

"If only the senior partners weren't an average of nine hundred years old," he sighs. "They'll think I'm a dirty hippy. I'd better not."

I laugh, slipping out of my hideous dress. "Oh, goodness. Well you wouldn't want to cause a stir at the country club."

He groans. "You think you're joking, but the last time I played golf with them, one of them spent the whole time talking about how he thinks his great-great-great-great-whatever-granddaughter must be 'doing drugs' because she wants to get a tattoo. I was tempted to ask what drugs, just to hear him say something like 'crack marijuana.'"

Cackling, I fall into bed. "'Helen, I swear that child is snorting the blue crystals like I saw on the TV show.'"

"How'd you know his wife's name is Helen?" Adrian curls his arm around my waist, pulling me against his body. Spooning with my boss - go ahead and add that the list of things I never thought I'd do.

"Lucky guess. It was a toss-up between that and Brittany, which would of course apply to his third nineteen-year-old trophy wife."

"One day I'll snap, and kill them all with my five-iron. But until then, I've got to pretend that we can socialize." He sighs into my hair. "I know you think I'm bad, but you have no idea how lucky you are. Really."

I smile, a little sadly, into the darkness.

"I think I've got some idea."

***

The next morning, before our flight, I manage to sneak down to the gift shop and pick something up that I think will make him smile. I'm planning to save it for when we get home, when I suspect he'll need a reminder. But once we're settled into our flight again, champagne in hand, I'm already itching to give it to him - just to see his face.

I notice that he carefully avoids making eye contact with the flight attendant, and I feel kind of bad.

"Here." I plop the little bag on the table between us. "To start your hipster uniform."

He gives me a look as he unwraps the bag and unfurls the shirt. When he sees the writing - KEEP AUSTIN WEIRD - I get that chuckle I was hoping for.

"Good one," he says, folding it back into the bag.

The air is thick with the expectation of the conversation I really, really don't want to have. My stupid gift landed like a ton of bricks. That's it - I'm ripping off this band-aid now.

"So do you want to talk about what happens back home?" I hold his gaze, even though it makes me want to sink into the floor. Even if that means falling thousands of feet into the earth.

"What happens back home?" he echoes. "Well."

He clears his throat, and I just wait.

"We just need to keep things in perspective, that's all," he says. Like all businessmen, he's mastered the art of using a lot of words to say nothing. "You and me both, we've only got one speed. Don't do anything halfway. Ever. That's what I like about you. But it can get you into a lot of trouble, especially when it comes to...interpersonal..."

He doesn't want to say relationships. I can tell.

I still have no idea what he wants. How he expects me to behave.

"Just give it to me straight, doc," I say, resting my elbows on the table. He laughs a little, glancing at me, then down at the table and back.

"I can't, Meg. How could I possibly? I can't predict the future. I'm just saying we need to be careful. If you want me to draw up a ten-step plan of action for how we proceed from here, I can't. I'm not going to." He shakes his head. "It's complicated."

"Complicated," I repeat. "What's complicated about it?"

He glances at me, unfolding a newspaper. "Please, Meg."

It's going to be a long fucking flight. Unless I kill him before it's over.

***

When I get home, after I drop my bags on the floor, the only thing I want to do is collapse in bed. But my mind's racing, and there's no way I can possibly calm down enough to sleep.

I gave up on trying to get Adrian to tell me what the hell's going through his head. He buried himself in work for the rest of the flight, and I toyed with the idea of changing to another seat just to make a point about how rude he was being, but I just fumed quietly instead.

The next morning at work, I don't know what I'm hoping for. He'll just keep shutting me down if I try to talk about what happened in Austin. Of course, we don't need to talk about it. I'd just like to continue the activities, but he seems at least passively resistant to that, too.

For now.

All of my nice clothes are still dirty from the trip, but I wear one of the most flattering outfits I have. When I come in with his morning coffee, I take a moment to close my eyes and breathe in his scent. I've always liked it, but it means something different now.

"Here's your coffee," I tell him, softly, setting it down. He doesn't look up. "Do you need anything else?"

He shakes his head.

Fuck it.

"I seem to remember we discussed some other tasks you might need me to complete in the morning," I say, in the most seductive tone I can manage while my heart tries to escape my chest.

He closes his eyes, and sighs heavily.

Not a promising reaction.

"Meghan, sit down." He makes a gesture towards the chair. I do, smoothing my skirt, readying myself for the tongue-lashing of the century. And not in the way I was hoping for.

Adrian interlaces his fingers and looks at me. And he says the last thing I'd ever expect: "Any plans for Thanksgiving?"

What?

"I always have plans for Thanksgiving." I'm wincing at the thought; I can't help it. My family's holidays are about as frigid and hostile as they come, but it's better than spending them alone. At least, that's what I keep telling myself. "Why?"

"There's a book conference in London," he says. "Mostly for locals, as you might imagine from the scheduling. But we could make a big splash there."

We. Seriously? He's not even going to address what happened between us in Austin, and he's already planning the next trip?

"Well, I can't," I tell him. "I'm sorry."

I don't often take a hard line with Adrian, but in a fight between him and my mother, my mother wins. Every time. She makes him look like Mr. Rogers.

"Meghan, come on. I'm giving you the perfect excuse to avoid it." He looks back down at his paperwork. "Just make sure to arrange everything. I don't want to deal with your family drama when the time comes."

I scowl at him. "I don't know what you're trying to accomplish, but..."

"It doesn't matter what I'm trying to accomplish," he growls. His eyes flash, and I swallow hard, finally seeing some hint of the passion I got to know last week. Not exactly how I wanted it, but at least it's a reaction.

A moment later, he calms down. "Just make arrangements, Meg. I'll call you if I need you again."

***

It's the longest workday of my life.

When I get home, as I'm finally dropping my purse on the sofa, making all kinds of murderous plans in the back of my head, I hear my phone buzzing. My heart leaps into my throat, hoping against hope that it's Adrian, calling to apologize.

Seriously? What universe do I think I'm living in?

Toto, we're not in Austin anymore.

I smirk to myself as I pick up my phone, but my smile quickly dies.

Mom.

"Hi, I just walked in. I can't talk long." I'm hoping my brusque demeanor will actually have an effect this time.

"Don't worry. I just need to know when you're getting off for Thanksgiving."

Fuck.

"I told you, I'm taking care of my own tickets."

She laughs. "Don't be ridiculous. Anyway, I need to plan everything. You must know by now - haven't you asked Mr. Risinger?"

I squeeze my eyes shut tightly before I answer her. "Actually, I might have to work through Thanksgiving this year."

"What?" She's so shrill that I wince, pulling the phone away from my ear. "That's ridiculous. Tell him you can't."

"It might not be an option, Mom."

"How is it not an option? There's always an option. If you're really so important to him, he'll find a way to forgive you."

I'm pissed off at Adrian, I'm royally pissed off at my mom, I'm pissed off at the world - but right now, my mom trumps everything. The last thing I want to do is defend his power play, but fuck me, I'm going to.

"I want to do this, Mom. It's important for the company. It's important to me. It's not going to kill me to miss a Thanksgiving." I take a deep breath. "And it won't kill you, either. I'll see you at Christmas."

Her voice is pure venom. "This conversation isn't over, Meghan."

She's not lying.

Chapter Thirteen

I miss you

That's all it is. Three little words, on the screen of my phone.

I stare it them my heart pounding. It's been a week since Austin, I'm just starting to wonder if the whole thing was some kind of insane fever dream.

Another message comes in.

Can we talk?

I sigh, tapping out my answer before I have a chance to think about it too hard.

About what?

He answers quickly.

You know what. I'm sorry, I'm an idiot. But don't torture me.

At that moment, my doorbell goes off. Seriously?

Swear to God, if it's my drunken neighbor who forgot his front door keys again...

I look through the peephole, and my heart drops through my stomach. There's no point in ignoring it - she'll just keep on ringing.

Even though I'm in my pajamas, I yank the door open.

"Mom. Dad. So great to see you, and so unexpected." I offer them a frozen smile. My mom is fuming, my dad lurking in the background with that hollow look in his eyes. She wore him down, like she always does.

"Meghan." My mom breezes in, planting a chilly kiss on my cheek. "Dressed for bed already? Don't you ever go out?"

"Not every night, Mom." I'm hovering in the middle of the room as she wanders through the living room, running her finger along the shelving.

"Do you ever dust?" she asks, her nose wrinkling slightly.

I let out a sigh, because it's all I can do. "So let me guess, you're here to talk about Thanksgiving, huh?"

She sits down, gingerly, on my sofa. "Yes. Have a seat, Meghan."

This is my place.

I do what she asks.

"I thought you might listen to reason if I could speak to you, face to face," my mom says. "Besides which, your father and I haven't seen the city in a while. We're looking forward to playing tourist for a few days. I'm sure you're busy with work, but I hope you'll join us whenever you can disentangle yourself."

"I'm very busy these days," I tell her, feeling my phone buzz in my hand. Shit. "Excuse me, Mom. I just have to use the restroom."

Hurrying down the hall, I shut the door behind me and stare at my phone.

I'm coming over.

Shit. Shit shit shit.

It text him back hastily.

Please don't

I can't explain why. I'll never hear the end of it if I do. He doesn't answer for a moment, and I'm pretty sure I have several small heart attacks waiting for his response.

Too late.

The doorbell rings. My pulse hammers so hard it hurts, and I run to the front hall, pulling the door open with such force that it slams against the wall.

Adrian's standing there with his hands behind his back, still dressed from work but slightly unraveled. His tie is loose, his jacket gone, and his sleeves rolled up, and if my fucking parents weren't here I would have immediately jumped on him.

The look on my face gives him pause, just seconds before my mom's voice echoes through the hall.

"Who on earth is that, Meghan?"

For a moment, he looks like a deer in the headlights, but he recovers quickly and steps inside. "I'm so sorry," he says, as my parents approach like they're on a lion-hunting expedition, and my boss is Aslan himself. "I didn't know Meghan had company. How are you? Adrian Risinger, Meghan's boss."

He sticks his hand out, and my dad goes first, hesitantly.

"We know who you are," says my mom, in a tone that lowers the temperature of the room by about twelve degrees. "Five years, and never once did you ask Meghan to work Thanksgiving. Now, all of a sudden, you need her all week? It's completely unheard-of."

Adrian's still got his other hand behind his back, holding a small white box. I have an inkling of what it might be, and it's certainly nothing work-related.

"Yes, well, I'm sorry about that," he says, smoothly. I've seen him put on this face before in front of the senior partners, but they're not my mom. "But, you see, working over Thanksgiving gives us a distinct advantage with the Japanese company I'm trying to partner with. My competitors won't get to them until after the holidays, so if we strike while the iron is hot-"

My mom closes her eyes, doing that angry, dismissive hand gesture she's so good at. "No, no, no. I don't want to hear it. If you're determined to do this, that's fine, but leave my daughter out of it. She will be at our family Thanksgiving."

Adrian cocks his head. I can feel something changing in the air, like he's bristling a little.

"With all due respect, Mrs. Burns, your daughter's absolutely indispensable. I need her." He glances at me, and his eyes momentarily storm with a thousand secrets. "It's not my intention to ruin your family celebration, but can't you perhaps postpone it?"

My mother lets out a shrill laugh, and I cringe. "I'm sorry, are you trying to tell me how to run my family affairs?"

"Are you trying to tell me how to run my business?" Adrian counters, taking a step towards her.

My heart stops.

"You don't own my daughter's life, Mr. Risinger." My mother stares him down, but the expression on her face isn't one I've seen before. "And I don't need you to tell me how indispensable she is. I know she's smart, I know she works hard. She's too smart to be working for you. If you're going to keep her as a secretary, the least you can do is respect her personal obligations." She takes a deep breath. "Meghan, if you don't stand up to him, he's never going to respect you. No man will. You're never going to get a decent job on a music major if you can't act like a force to be reckoned with."

"Fine, Mom. Fine." I throw my hands up in the air. "I'll come to Thanksgiving! Okay? I'll come. But I'm getting my own tickets. Now please, I need to go over something with Mr. Risinger. I'll call you in the morning, okay? We can make plans."

"Oh, I think your father and I will be just fine," she sniffs. "Don't put yourself out."

"I thought you said you wanted..."

She waves her hand. "Don't worry, it's not all that important. Obviously you're very busy."

The look that she shoots me with makes it very, very obvious that Adrian's lie didn't go over quite as well as I'd hoped.

"Sleep tight," is her parting shot, before she shuts the door.

I take a second to just breathe.

"Good God." Adrian collapses on the sofa, staring at me with wide eyes. "Should I call a priest?"

A hysterical laugh bubbles up from my chest. "Oh, she's not...she's not that..."

"See, you can't even say it." He chuckles. "It's all right. You're allowed to agree that your mother might be a demon, so long as you're not the one who actually said it."

Sighing heavily, I walk into the kitchen. "All I have is rum, but at least it's good - and ninety proof. Is that okay with you?"

"Unless you have something stronger," he says. "Like heroin. Or bath salts."

Snickering, I pour us each a glass and bring them over, sitting down beside him. "I'm sorry you walked into that."

"I'm sorry," he says. "I mean - I came over here to apologize, but I didn't anticipating having to apologize for this."

I give him a look. The softness is back, in his face, his voice - it came on so gradually in Austin that I almost didn't notice the change, but now I can see it clearly. "You do have a few apologies to deal out."

He drinks the whole glass in one swallow. "I know. Would you like a refill?"

I manage a giggle. "Haven't even started. Plus, I'm afraid that was the last of it. I haven't hit up the liquor store lately."

"Shit. Anything else?" He's already headed into the kitchen.

"Just some wine I got. Haven't tried it yet. It's some seasonal new harvest thing."

He's pulling the bottle out of the fridge. "Beaujolais nouveau? Oh, well - it's a little juvenile, but it'll do."

I roll my eyes. "Christ. You really don't know how to do apologies, do you?"

Adrian pours two glasses. "I'm teasing you. Mostly. I like it, myself."

I make a face when I taste it. It's bright and fresh, but there's a little too much of a vinegar aftertaste for me. Or a lot too much. I smack my lips, trying to figure out how it hits my palate.

Adrian's smiling, and it's wicked.

"What?" I ask him. "It's just not my..."

But he's not reacting to me, he's reacting to the wine.

"This reminds me of something," he says, licking his lips. "Something very specific."

"Oh yeah?" I lean back on the sofa.

"Mmmhmm." He looks me up and down. "A very particular flavor that I've developed a taste for recently."

I'm starting to blush. "I don't know if I'm prepared for this conversation right now," I admit.

"Me neither," he says. "But I gave it a shot. Too creepy?"

I shake my head. "If my mother hadn't just barged into my apartment, it probably would've worked a lot better."

"I didn't know you majored in music," he says, setting his glass down on the coaster. I'm not surprised he has good breeding, but I am kind of surprised that he's not leaving a ring on my Ikea coffee table just to prove a point.

"I started leaving it off my resume after I realized how it sounded." I shift in my seat, eyes wandering to the box he's set down on the table.

He raises his eyebrows slightly. "How does it sound?"

I shrug. "Flighty. Like I don't really want a corporate job. I dunno, but I got a lot more callbacks when I left it off."

"Hmm." He's leaning back on the sofa, stretching his legs out in front of him. His slacks are so well-tailored I can see the muscles bunch and release under the finely-woven fabric. "I think it shows discipline."

He glances at me, and of course I'm bright red, thinking of his hand connecting with my ass. "Well, I'll make sure to keep that in mind when I finally grow a pair and quit on you."

Adrian is laughing. "Oh, Meg." He slides one foot closer towards the sofa, leaving the other leg outstretched. "We both know that's never going to happen."

I scowl at him. "How can you be so confident about everything all the time?"

"It's easy," he shrugs. "Just make more money than anyone else you know."

I grab a throw pillow, and hurl it at his head.

Grabbing it out of the air, he tosses it into the armchair across the room. "Pillow fight? That's not very mature."

"Yeah, well." Now I'm blushing even deeper than I ever thought possible, and wishing I could just disappear into the sofa. I know he came here for sex, and I'm wishing he'd just get on with it, because it's much easier than talking. "You deserve something a lot heavier, but I don't have any large rocks handy."

"Do you still play anything?" he asks me, and it takes a second to switch gears. God damn it, why won't be stop harping on my musical past? Hahaha, good pun. I don't want to talk about this. I don't even want to think about it; it's depressing.

"Not really," I deflect. "You didn't come here to talk about my lack of a musical career, did you?"

"No," he admits, glancing at the box. "But your mother's steely gaze may have derailed me just a bit."

I can't help letting out an undignified snort. "I hope it doesn't cause you any permanent damage."

"Don't worry." With a lightning-fast motion he's upright again, his body turning towards mine, not actually closing the distance between us, but making my pulse quicken nonetheless. "I'm already starting to forget the details."

Licking my lips quickly, I glance at the box again. "Uh, so, in the words of the immortal Brad Pitt-"

"What's in the boooxx?" he intones, breaking into a grin. "You'll find out in a minute, kitten. Are you sure you're not too traumatized?"

"Don't tease me." I'm pouting. I don't know what it is about him that brings out my inner brat, but this is definitely more fun than interacting with him in the office. At work, I've got this compulsion to make myself heard, even when I know it's not going to make a difference. I always feel silenced. But now, as he leans in to kiss me, to claim me, his hand on the side of my neck like a brand - I'm content to be silenced. More than that, I want to be silenced.

Why? How is this different?

Besides, the obvious, of course.

The obvious is currently pressing against my thigh as he leans into me, flattening us both down on the sofa until my head hangs over the armrest and his body completely surrounds me, cages me in, somehow. It shouldn't be physically possible. I'm wider than he is, but right now, I don't feel it.

His tongue plunders my mouth with the confidence of a man who knows he's getting exactly what he wants tonight, and that probably shouldn't be as sexy as it is. But holy shit, I'm turned on. Everything about him turns me on, and I'm starting to question my whole history with Adrian, if maybe a good portion of my constant annoyance is just pure horniness.

With an effort, he pulls away, and I realize I've clamped my thighs around him so he barely move. Also, my arms are clasped around his back very tightly. Also, I might have been sucking on his tongue a little.

Or - a lot.

"Good god, woman," he pants, swiping his sleeve across his mouth. "I know I'm good, but can't you go a week without my dick and not end up a crazed sex fiend?"

Yeah, no. He's definitely legitimately annoying.

And I definitely legitimately don't care right now.

"Let's make a concerted effort to never find out," I suggest, grabbing his face and pulling it back to mine.

He chuckles against my mouth. "One or two visits to your place before a big business trip are easily explained away," he murmurs. "After a while, though, people are going to talk."

My heart sinks. This is it. This is the conversation I thought we'd be having when we got back, just not in this context. Not right now. Please, not right now. I want to beg him to shut up, but instead, I just say: "No one's gonna notice, you egomaniac."

Swiftly, he pins my wrists down, growling, "call me names again when we're in bed together. I dare you."

"We're not in bed," I point out, innocently.

"All right, that's it." He jumps to his feet, grabbing my hand and pulling me along with him. "Which direction's the bedroom?"

"The only direction there is in here," I grouse. "Other than outside."

Adrian yanks me to him and swats me once, firmly, on my backside. "Stop it. What's put you in this mood, all of sudden?"

"You were about to tell me all the reasons why we can't keep doing this," I tell him, before I have a chance to rethink my honesty. "I don't really want to hear that. I don't want to think about it."

Laughing, he winds his arm around my waist and pulls me against him. "If you think I'm not going to find a way to keep fucking you, you couldn't be more wrong, kitten. I'm just saying we need to be careful. That's all."

Something unspools in my chest. "Oh."

"That's right." He gives me a dark look that makes my core clench. "Oh. Now get in there and bend over. I've half a mind to teach you a lesson with my belt."

My stomach flip-flops. I've thought about it, but I don't know if I'm ready for the intensity, the sting. I much prefer the way his hand feels. The intimacy of it.

Because, sure, getting intimate with Adrian Risinger is obviously a great long-term goal for me.

But hey, it seems to be working well so far. With my little "per diem" from the conference, I'll have enough to get some nicer furniture. Or maybe I should think about socking it away, and saving up for a new place.

Or maybe I should think about buying a headboard to my bed, so Adrian has something to tie me up to.

Okay, well, this is just getting out of hand now.

"Stop thinking," he orders me. "Strip."

Um. That wasn't part of the command before.

I freeze in my steps. "Right here?"

His eyes blaze into mine. "You know what? Yes. Here. Now. Strip."

I swallow hard. No matter how many times he sees me, there's still going to be a part of me that hates doing this. One by one, I undo the buttons of my blouse and let it slip from my shoulders. I can hear his breathing quicken as I unzip my skirt and step out of it, and my mind flashes back to the fantasy he told me about in the hotel. The one where I have to come to work in revealing clothes, and he makes me suck him off under his desk. I've thought about that one quite a bit, touching myself in the shower where the sound of the rushing water will drown out my moans. As if it matters. As if that makes it any less real, how much I want him.

I wonder if we've ever done it at the same time, thinking about each other.

Fuck. The thought of him jerking off, to me, has me throbbing all over. I've never thought of myself that way, really, and I know he has. This isn't some fleeting fancy, he's wanted me for a long time. Like some idiot kid pulling pigtails on the playground, he's been trying to tell me, in the most fucked-up and juvenile way possible.

Like he can read my mind, he's palming himself through his pants, almost as if he's trying to calm it down while he watches me. Yeah right. I smirk a little to myself, unhooking my bra and taking my time in letting the straps fall down, without revealing my breasts.

He squeezes. "Get on with it," he growls.

"I want to see you touch yourself."

Holy shit, did I just say that? Out loud?

Adrian smiles. "Since you asked so nicely."

At moments like this, sometimes it hits me hard and fast that he's still my boss. That I am, in fact, watching my boss unzip and and take himself out and stroke, in my hallway, and for a moment I feel like I'm actually going to pass out.

Instead, I step out of my panties and walk over to him.

I need him to touch me. I don't care if he thinks I'm impertinent, if it means I'll get a harder spanking later (in fact, yes please). The way he's looking at me makes it impossible for me not to want him even more than I already do.

He locks eyes with mine, and I grab his hand away from his cock and shove it between my legs. Because I need him. Damn the consequences.

I could have used his other hand, of course. But that's not how this works. It never is, with us.

His whole body reacts when he feels how wet I am. How hot and wanting. I can see it work through him like a slow shudder, and he touches me just like I want him to, because for a moment I'm the one in control.

You always are.

I don't know where that thought comes from, but it hangs thick in the air between us as he curls his fingers deep inside and finds the spot that I used to think was a myth.

I whimper, knees buckling, but he catches me with his other arm around my waist. His fingers make an obscene sound as he yanks them out, then he lets go of my waist and grabs my hair at the roots, steering me towards the wall. I understand. I plant my hands firmly against it, presenting myself to him, like he needs any further indication of what I need. His fingers slip into my mouth, moments before he grabs my hip and slides in deep.

I'm expecting him to say something, to call me names or to criticize my forwardness. But he just fucks me. He fucks me like it matters.

Really, I don't know how else to describe it. I wouldn't have the audacity to call it making love. Because it's not. It's something, though. All I can do is gasp and moan, my body clenching around him, the heat rising between us until sweat drips down the bridge of my nose and lands on the carpet underneath me.

He stops.

"Turn around," he rumbles, slipping out of me. I whimper in protest at the loss, but I do what he asks. The look on his face isn't anything I've seen before, and for a moment he seems on the verge of saying something else. But he doesn't. For a moment, we're both just searching each other's faces silently and I wish I had any clue of what was going through his head.

Instead of talking, he puts his hand behind my thigh and lifts my leg up, up, higher still, wrapping it around his waist. Then he grabs my other thigh and hoists me up, and at least part of my weight is on the wall still, but the adrenaline's pumping through me anyway and I'm struggling to cling to him, not to fall. My arms surround his shoulders.

"Shhh, I've got you," he whispers, and for some reason I believe him.

His hands grip my ass while he slides into me again, and it feels so different this time. Just the position, surely. But my whole body is tingling, and I don't want to think it's because I can see his face. I don't want to know that it's because of our foreheads touching, because his pace has slowed, because now we can kiss.

"Sweet girl," he whispers, and it's a complete sentence. That's all he wants to tell me. Not a command, just a statement of fact.

When we come - yes, we, our bodies are so ridiculously in sync I could almost laugh - something bursts inside my chest. Butterflies flutter through my stomach and I try to tell myself I'm not feeling what I'm feeling.

Because I cannot have those feelings for Adrian Risinger.

***

"Here."

I'm sitting on the bed, towel-drying my hair, when Adrian finally hands me the box. Smiling, I reach over and pull it into my lap. "I almost forgot about this."

"I'd still like you to model it for me," he says, sitting down next to me. "Even if the proceedings got a little out of order, back there."

I open the box, and peer inside, pulling back the tissue paper. Whatever it is, it's a very small scrap of fabric.

Pulling it out, I watch it unfurl, and suddenly remember what the cashier at Diva's, the plus-sized boutique, said to me.

Nightie is a generous description for it. The fabric is sheer, and the matching bubblegum-pink G-string isn't exactly going to leave anything to the imagination, either.

I pick up the little embossed card from among the tissue paper, even though some part of me already knows what it's going to say.

Diva's

"Do you like it?" Adrian wants to know.

"Does that really matter?" I glance at him. "You shop at Diva's a lot?"

"Yes, it matters," he says, frowning a little. "And no, only once. For this."

I'm still holding it, letting the fabric run like water through my fingers. "I got all my Natalie clothes there. The cashier recognized your name, from your credit card. And she asked me how I liked the nightie you bought me."

His face blanches.

"Before Valentine's day," I continue. "She was very clear about that. So, I'm forced to draw the conclusion that you bought this for me four months before there was even a hint that we'd ever be sleeping together. Or, you bought it for someone else and re-gifted it."

He sighs, slowly. "Well, first off, the cashier at Diva's should learn to mind her own fucking business." Clearing his throat, he glances at me. "So...is 'hopeful' not an appropriate reason for buying lingerie, then?"

"Nope, not really." I'm laughing, in spite of myself. "I guess I should feel flattered. What, were you just going to drop it on my desk and run away?"

"I didn't have a plan," he admits. "I just saw it, and I thought of you."

"Bullshit." I'm really laughing now. "Why were you in Diva's in the first place?"

"Well, I was going to get you a gift," he says, defensively. "Just - not a gift like this, until I saw it. It was just too perfect."

"It is pretty nice," I admit. "And since when do you buy me gifts?"

"I thought I'd start," he says. "See, I was working on turning over a new leaf even before we slept together."

"You sure know how to spin it," I admit, getting to my feet and letting my bathrobe slip off my shoulders. "Hell, I guess it's been waiting around long enough. Let's find out how it fits."

His face, when I look for his reaction, is much too serious. "You know we don't have to go to that conference," he says. "I just thought it might...well, if you do want an excuse, we can, but I can see why you'd rather just pick your battles with that woman."

"We can talk about it later," I tell him, sliding the nightie over my head.

"Yes," he agrees, his eyes widening. "We can."

Chapter Fourteen

The next night, after work, Adrian comes over.

This time, he warns me beforehand. I tell him that the coast is clear, but that I can't guarantee my parents won't drop in unexpectedly. I already called my mom and left a voicemail telling her I'd be coming to the family Thanksgiving, but I'm thinking I might still cancel last-minute. I'll just wait until she's out of town, and she's made all her plans with the rest of the family so she can't come after me.

Until after the holidays, that is. I'll deal with that when the time comes.

This time, he doesn't bring any lingerie, and he doesn't even make any comments about what varietal of wine my pussy tastes like. He does bring dinner, from some fancy Italian place I've never dared to set foot inside, and for the first time since we kissed in the pool, I actually feel like we might be dating.

I'm not sure how that grabs me.

"So far, so good," Adrian says, pouring himself another glass of red that is not Beaujolais nouveau. He's referring to the fact that my mother hasn't knocked on the door yet, and I hush him violently.

"Don't tempt fate," I hiss at him, like fate can't hear me if I'm whispering.

He shrugs. "I'm not superstitious."

The doorbell rings.

"Welcome to hell," I mutter, as I go to answer.

My mother gives me an icy smile. "I see you've rethought your holiday plans."

"Yeah, well, I guess you were pretty persuasive." I stand in the middle of the doorway, attempting to block her path. "I'm kind of in the middle of something right now."

"Nonsense. You can always make time for your mother when she's visiting from so far away." She pushes past me, and stares Adrian down as she pulls out a chair on the opposite side of the table. "Well. Seems like you've taken the news rather well, unless she's saving that for pillow talk."

I grit my teeth. "It's fine, Mom. Really. I already told him I'm not going to do it."

"Yes." She grimaces slightly. "But you're going to anyway. I can see it in your face. You've always been a terrible liar, for such a deceitful little witch."

In that moment, I think I actually see Adrian's jaw unhinge in disbelief. Or perhaps in preparation to swallow his prey whole; it's always hard to tell, with him.

"Are you laughing at me?" my mother hisses. I realize that mental image has brought a pretty inconvenient smile to my face, but I don't particularly feel like hiding it. With Adrian beside me, I feel a strength and steadiness at the center of my chest.

"No," I tell her. "There's nothing funny about you, Mom."

Adrian clears his throat. "Don't speak to her like that."

Vicious anger flashes in my mother's eyes. "She's my daughter, Mr. Risinger. I'll speak to her however I like."

"You're very skilled at bullying, Mrs. Burns," he says, his voice deadly quiet. "It takes one to know one. You may have a few decades of experience on me, but I promise I don't back down easily."

She just quirks an eyebrow at him. She's not taking him seriously - not yet.

"I'm not terribly pleased with the way you've taken over my daughter's life," she says, daring a response.

Adrian's fingers are tapping out their slow executioner's beat on the table. My mother's eyes snap to them, staring, her lips going thinner and thinner as she stares.

The look on his face is terrifying. It's also the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.

"At least I appreciate her," he says, his voice quiet and even and calm. "Your daughter is brilliant, and beautiful. I think it's very sad that you can't see that. But I think it's reprehensible that you talk to her like she's a disappointment. Mrs. Burns, quite frankly, I don't care about your guilt trip. An animal can give birth to a child and raise it, so that doesn't particularly impress me. I don't know how Meghan turned out the way she did, but all I see is you trying to intimidate her into being a scared little girl again so you can feel important. I won't hear this. I've said what I have to say, and if Meghan is determined to allow it...well, there's nothing I can do about that."

He stands up, slowly. I don't dare look at my mother. My heart is thumping, my head rushing and my fingertips tingling.

I reach out and grab his wrist.

"Don't leave," I tell him, softly.

"Well." My mother's voice is soft and tremulous. "It looks like you've made your choice. Don't come crawling back to me when he finds a skinny woman-"

Adrian slams his hand down on the table. I almost jump out of my skin, but my whole body is throbbing with a heady mixture of gratitude and fear and...

And love.

"Get the fuck out," he growls. "You heard her. GET THE FUCK OUT."

My mother slams the door behind her, but I hardly hear the sound. I'm clawing at Adrian's clothes before I even realize what's happening, then I push him against the wall and I tumble to my knees.

I suck him desperately, urgently, but he pulls me to my feet before I can finish him that way. Kisses me until I'm dizzy with it, then spins me around and presses me against the table. His hand on the middle of my back, he makes me bend at the waist and assume the position. He yanks my panties and pajama pants out of the way.

He knows, without being asked, exactly what I need.

At first it's slow and gentle, light little smacks followed by caresses. Then harder, and harder, until the tears I've been holding back finally come. He spanks me as the tears fall, pooling on my dining room table.

Most men would be afraid to fuck me while I'm crying like this, sobbing, like my soul's being ripped out of me, but Adrian, Adrian knows. He knows the exact moment when I need to feel him inside, stretching me, yet another challenge for my body to accept. Every sensation banishes the guilt and fear and ugliness further from my mind. Every thrust, every jolt of my hips against the hard wood, certain to leave bruises. Every smack of his palm.

He grasps my hair by the root and yanks my head up, and I whimper. But I remember the safe word, and he knows I remember it. He doesn't stop. Doesn't even hesitate.

His every breath is a growl. I can feel all the coiled tension in his body, everything he held back while he listened to my mother's insults. Ever so slowly, ever so gradually, he replaces little fragments of self-hatred with a strange, sharp sense of joy. One for each thrust. One for each heartbeat. One for each breath.

There are so many, so many more, so many little fragments in places I can't even find. But this is a start.

In spite of how it would look to anyone watching, what I feel in his movements, in his touch, is something very simple. But a revolutionary concept, to me.

I matter. I have value. I matter.

Not me, but thinner. Not me, but with better clothes and a better haircut. Not me, but with a flatter stomach. Not me, but with a more advanced degree in something useful. Not me, but with more discipline and self-control.

Just me. Just me, the way I am, every day when I wake up in the morning without even having to try.

I howl his name when I come, rattling the table, and I don't give a fuck about my neighbors.

Afterwards somehow I'm sitting on the floor, crumpled down with my pants more or less pulled back up, panties still slightly askew, and the tears still flowing. Adrian is beside me, pulling me into his lap. Kissing my forehead, murmuring that everything is going to be okay.

I don't quite believe him. But it doesn't matter, really.

Because I've got him.

***

I go to sleep swimming in tears, and I wake up in love with Adrian Risinger.

Maybe I was before. Maybe I always was. I don't know, but it takes me less time to realize it than it takes me to notice that he's gone.

He carried me to bed last night, stripped down and climbed under the covers and held me until I feel asleep. I remember that. I didn't exactly expect him to be here when I woke up, but I still feel a cold disappointment in my chest as I turn on the coffeemaker.

There's no note on the fridge, nothing written in the mirror for the steam of my shower to reveal. He doesn't call or text. I don't know what to make of that, and it frightens me, more than it probably should.

I was a raw, exposed nerve last night. I feel slightly more sensible now, but I'm still in love. It throbs quietly with every heartbeat, so much a part of me that I can't figure out why I ever denied it. And that's how I know it's real.

Adrian's feelings are a bit more of a mystery, but he wouldn't have stuck himself in the middle of a fight between me and my mom - twice - if he didn't care about me.

I manage to pull myself together for work, my heart thumping overtime, afraid of what he's going to say to me when I walk in. My hand shakes so much that I almost spill his coffee, and as soon as I walk in, I'm starting to think maybe I should. Preferably all over his lap.

"Hey, um..." I sit down, slowly. "I missed you this morning."

He glances up at me. Fuck. Are we really doing this again?

"I'm sorry about last night, Meghan," he says. "I obviously overstepped my bounds. It should never have happened. If you want, I can try to apologize to her...but I'm sure she doesn't want to hear from me."

"You didn't," I insist, tears stinging at the corners of my eyes already. Damn it. "She needed to hear it, and I needed to hear it too."

Adrian processes this, silently. I can tell he wants to say a thousand things he's not saying, but he's shut down again - some door inside that he'd cracked open is slammed shut again, and I don't know how or why.

"I got carried away," he says, quietly. "We both got carried away. It's what tends to happen with us, isn't it?" He looks up with a tentative smile, like he's hoping I'm going to let him off the hook.

Not a fucking chance.

"Great," I say, getting to my feet. "Great. Fantastic. So I'm the only one who felt that last night, huh?"

He lets out a long sigh. "I didn't say that."

"So?" I cross my arms. "Well?"

"I just think...just because something feels like a good idea, doesn't mean it is." He's still not looking at me. "I'll hurt you, Meg. If I'm close enough to make you happy, I'm going to end up hurting you. That's just the way it is."

I can't argue with him.

It's been months since he reduced me to crying in the bathroom, hoping no one else walks in.

I hate him.

Except I don't. And really, that's my biggest problem.

***

When I get home, I do the only thing I can think of: I call Izzy.

We exchanged numbers before the conference ended, and she told me to call her if I ever wanted to talk. This obviously qualifies, although I'll have to think fast to avoid spilling the big secret.

I manage to get through a version of the backstory that fits in with the idea of me as the author, and him as the editor. Izzy listens patiently, making encouraging sounds, while I rant.

"I don't know what to do, Izzy. I really don't. So I'm probably disowned now, no big deal, right?" I let out a little burst of hysterical laughter. "It shouldn't be any great loss. I mean, I'll be better off without them. I know that. I've tried a thousand times to understand my mom, to relate to her, to make her relate to me. But she acts like I'm a different species. She just can't accept that I'm her daughter. And my dad, he just stands by and pretends he doesn't see it. Adrian was right. It's horrifying, the way they treat me, and the only reason I've put up with it is because I'm supposed to. Well, fuck that. Fuck that and fuck them. But the thing is, I never would have sided against my mom if he wasn't there beside me. He's all I have now. And he doesn't get it."

Izzy's quiet for a moment, letting me finish. "I think he gets it, Nat. I think he gets it, and it scares the piss out of him. That's no excuse for acting like a shithead, but from what you've told me, as far as he's concerned, a committed relationship might as well be a rabid bear chasing him. The way he acts isn't going to be logical or make any kind of sense. He's trying to protect himself, and you."

It makes sense, and I hate that it makes sense. "That's fine. You know what? That's fine. If he doesn't want anything serious, I get it! But if he didn't want a relationship, he shouldn't have acted like this. Sticking his nose into my family affairs. I could have kept the peace. It wouldn't have been great, but at least I'd still have a family."

"I'm sure you can still patch things up with your mom," says Izzy, softly. "If that's really what you want."

"It's not, though!" I can feel a sob starting to form in my throat. "I can't. I can't go back bowing and scraping. Nothing he said was wrong, and my mom deserved to hear it. I won't apologize for him. But I shouldn't have had to, in the first place."

My thoughts are all over the place, and I'm barely making any sense, but at least I realize it. I'm not sure I'm making any sense to Izzy, but at the absolute worst she's pretending to understand, and that's good enough.

"I don't doubt for one moment that he cares about you," she says, at last. "When I saw you two walk in together, I was sure you were a couple. He can barely take his eyes off of you."

It's nice of her to say, but I don't quite believe her. It was sexual tension that she saw, though the romantic in her clearly wanted to interpret it differently.

We finally hang up when I realize I've run out of things to say. She makes me promise to call her if I need to talk again, and I tell her I will. But she's just going to tell me the same things over and over again, and she doesn't know the real story. The years of resentment and impossible standards and sarcastic jabs, all aimed at making me feel inferior to him.

It doesn't take a PhD in psychology to unpack my role in all of this. Really, it's only natural that I sought approval from someone cold and demanding, because it was the only thing I knew. The biggest mistake people make about me is assuming that Adrian's behavior doesn't bother me. Of course it does. I just have a unique ability to tolerate it, thanks to my mom administering a slow, steady dose of the same poison throughout my childhood.

I might be more fucked up than Adrian, but between the two of us, it's a damn circus.

Chapter Fifteen

I've given up on trying to understand Adrian.

After going over and over everything in my head, a thousand times, I can't make sense of it. It's driving me crazy, so I set it aside.

I have to.

Granted, it's hard, working around him. But what can I do? I can't force him to realize how much he hurt me that night, and I know that whatever happened in his head really has nothing to do with me. Deep down inside, I hoped I was important enough to overcome it. I wanted to be the one who made him forget fears, hesitations - to throw caution to the winds.

He's that person for me. I've realized that now, too late to do anything about it.

I'm not sure how many days it's been. I just keep showing up, doing the same tasks I've always done, smiling and apologizing for him, like it's my second nature. Because at this point, it is. The whole time, my mind runs over thoughts and images of me and Adrian. Over and over again, trying to make sense of it. So many times that I've grown numb to the memories. Or so I tell myself.

One Friday morning - or maybe it's a Wednesday, I can never be sure anymore - I stop by his office with some paperwork. He's on the phone, but he waves me in as usual.

"Yes, Kara, I understand that...but the thing is..."

I leave quickly, because I've got no reason to stay. But it would take superhuman strength to avoid doing what I do.

He's talking to her on one of the open lines - I could easily pick it up and listen in. It was probably a mistake on his part.

All the same.

I lift the receiver, carefully. I tell myself that whatever they're discussing, I should be privy to it. As long as I'm continuing to play the role of Natalie McBride, I need to be involved.

They're in the middle of some kind of heated argument. Immediately, I know I should hang up, but I don't.

"- never, not once, have you trusted my instincts." Adrian's voice simmers with barely-restrained anger. "It would be nice if you acknowledged I have some worthwhile ideas."

"Right, like when you had that brilliant idea to make Amanda fat."

Kara's words bite through the air like a whip, and I freeze. For a moment, all I hear is both of them breathing, sharply.

"I thought we were done discussing that." Adrian's throat is constricted with anger. I can hear it; I can picture him clenching his fists under the desk.

"Just trying to make a point," says Kara, her voice deadly sweet. "You wouldn't be where you are without me. And this whole Natalie McBride nonsense is headed for disaster. You need to get rid of Meghan, and come out to your fans. You think they'll be upset that a devastatingly sexy billionaire has been writing about all their fantasies?"

"Now that I've outright lied about it?" He sighs heavily. "Yes, Kara. I do. I do think they'll be upset. I also think my colleagues - the real ones, you know, the ones in the business that actually made me a billionaire - will run me out of town on a rail."

With a sharp exhale, Kara responds. "Meghan's just holding you back, Adrian. It's high time you accepted that. Get over your little crush and move on. You can't keep using these book tours as an excuse to fondle her ample breasts."

She's mocking him, with a term he uses frequently in the books.

She's mocking me.

I hear a click, and I realize one of them must have hung up. I replace the phone in the cradle as gently and quickly as I can, heart racing.

Little crush.

Kara.

Fucking Kara.

But did Adrian...?

I always knew she didn't like me.

Two months after I was hired, he started writing.

Make Amanda fat.

My palms are damp with sweat. It couldn't be true. Amanda couldn't really be based on me.

Adrian might have given in to sexual tension on our trip, but he doesn't like me. A man like him? No. He'd enjoy a body like mine in private, but he'd never flaunt me on his arm in public. Even if he did buy me that nightie. Even if we did go that fucking 80's prom together. There's just no way.

Tears are threatening in the corners of my eyes. Taking a deep breath, I stare at my computer screen and try to figure out what I should do. What I can do.

Then, I remember something.

There's that discussion loop. The one Adrian temporarily gave me access to, so I could see the messages Kara posted as him. So I could keep my story consistent. He cut me off before I had a chance to look at the really old stuff - and anything that might have been posted before the first book was published.

If there were any clues remaining of the original draft of His Secretary, I'd find them there.

Praying he hasn't changed the password, I locate the site and log in.

Bingo.

It takes me a moment to come to grips with the navigation, but I'm finally able to sort by date and begin combing through the posts.

When I see a few dating back to the very same month I was hired, my mouth goes dry.

Would appreciate your thoughts on this early draft of Chapter One. Thanks, everybody! 3

Before I download the file, I skip to the comments.

...seems really specific...might want to make it more generic...

...don't know if her hostility is all that believable...

...really hot, but I found it hard to accept that he'd really be so attracted to a woman with so little self-confidence...

...I think you slipped up at one point there, who's Meghan?...

My heart stops.

Who's Meghan?

I zero in on the comment and read the whole thing again.

The story is really hot, I liked it. :) Not exactly believable, but hey, that's not what we're in the business for. The only thing I'd say is that you could use a proofreader. If you already have one, get another one or two. There are some typos, and I think you slipped up at one point there, who's Meghan? I thought the heroine was named Amanda.

Gripping the edge of my desk, I stare.

Who's Meghan?

With shaking hands, I click on the file. It downloads rapidly, and pops up on my screen.

Would you like to download an update for -?

"No!" I hiss, out loud, clicking the offending window out of the way. I just have to hope that Adrian didn't hear me.

Adrian.

I start reading.

The whole first chapter is very different from the version I knew, introducing Amanda while she fetches coffee for her insufferable boss. I almost want to giggle when I remember the incident it was based on.

I hit Control-F, and type Meghan.

"Meghan," Dirk whispered, his lips so close my ear that I shivered and squirmed.

This scene, I know. It was the first almost-but-not-quite encounter between the two of them, when he left her wet and panting, and she ended up getting herself off in the ladies' room afterwards. I read it many times.

There's just one difference.

Meghan.

Hastily, I close the file. The realization is coming to me slowly, and then all at once, and for a moment I feel like my head's been dunked underwater.

This isn't new. He's wanted me for a long time. But not just for a night, or he would have just seduced me the way he's certainly seduced a thousand other girls.

There's something at stake, here. I really do matter, and for more than just keeping his favorite fuckbuddy in a good mood.

The truth, I realize, has been there all along. Even Izzy saw it.

Standing up on trembling legs, I know what I have to do. I can't leave this alone.

I pop the first few buttons on my blouse, and knock on the door to his office.

"Hmm."

He's masking his anger pretty well, but I can still feel it radiating from him when I open the door. "Everything all right, Sir?" I ask, sweetly.

He looks up at me, and seeing his eyes fixed on mine - now that I know - makes me tremble inside. But I keep my cool.

"Yes," he says, sharply. "Bit of a difficult morning, that's all."

"I changed my mind." Clearing my throat, I sit down. "If you haven't found somebody else to do it, that is."

He gazes at me, curiously. "Changed your mind?" he echoes. "About what?"

I don't believe him for a moment. I just raise an eyebrow.

"That's over, Meghan," he says, giving in at last. "I'm finished with it."

"With what?"

"With Natalie. The books. The whole thing. I'm not writing anything else. There will be no more tours. Eventually, she'll be forgotten completely." His face is perfectly impassive, almost. But there's something behind his eyes. "I think that's best for both of us."

My cheeks are burning with anger and embarrassment. "Maybe for you," I tell him. "But that paycheck would be pretty nice, for those of us not already fellating a silver spoon on the regular."

He shrugs. "If you've got bills piling up, I'm sure I can find some extra projects for you to work on."

"I'm sure you could," I say, bitterly. "As long as it's all in private, right?"

Adrain's mouth thins. "See, this is why I knew it would never work." His eyes are blazing with barely-restrained anger. "Now everything's somehow about the fact that we slept together. That's exactly what I was afraid of, and God damn it, here we are." He lets out a dramatic sigh. "Okay, Meg. Here we go. Of course that's not the kind of project that I meant, Meg. I would never pay you for sex, Meg. I would never disrespect you like that, Meg. Now would you please, please stop acting like you're offended at an innocent comment, and tell me what's really upset you?"

Oh boy, where do I start?

"Nothing, Sir." I don't bother to tame the vitriol in my tone. "Did you need me for anything else?"

His eyes flick to my cleavage, then down my body, briefly resting on my skirt before they return to my face.

"No," he says, at last, his tone flat. "In fact, why don't you go home early? Take a half day."

My heart sinks. "I don't want to take a half day."

"You look like you could use some rest," he goes on, waving his hand dismissively. "Go."

Well, fuck you too.

***

I'm halfway through a Storage Wars marathon, and a bowl of Easy Mac, when I hear someone knocking on my door. My heartbeat quickens immediately, and I'm trying not to hope as I put my eye to the peephole.

It's him.

Swallowing hard, I pull the door open.

His expression is stormy, and he stands there in silence for a moment before he pushes his way inside, crowding me up against the wall with his body and kissing me.

He tastes like alcohol and a thousand bad decisions, and I moan into his mouth as his tongue claims me. The kitchen is the closest room to the front door so that's where we end up, my hands tangling in his hair and my whole body trembling with desire and anticipation.

I want to talk to him about what I saw, about what I've realized. That his books weren't just an ode to how much he wants to fuck me - they're much more than that. They tell the story he wishes we could have had.

But there's no time for talking now.

He hoists me up on the counter and pulls my pajama pants off, kneels down to taste me, his tongue darting in and out. Just a few moments, enough to get me ready for him, but not nearly enough for anything else. When he stands up, though, I don't complain. I just grab his belt and pull him close, kissing him again, and again, tasting myself on his lips and tongue, sharp and tangy, just like that fucking Beaujolais nouveau.

I want to laugh, but then he's slamming into me and I just gasp. It's hot and fast and explosive, and I hear my dishes rattle in the cabinets, all the silverware jostling together, and then I can't hear anything at all for a moment.

When it's all over, and my body sags on the counter, I hold him a little bit tighter for just a few seconds.

"Stay with me tonight?"

He shakes his head. "I can't," he says. A little hoarsely. Those are the first words he's spoken since he walked in.

He withdraws from me quickly and pulls himself back together, and leaves. It all happens within the space of a few moments, and I don't cry, although it's threatening, a lump in my throat that just won't let go.

After a few fitful hours of sleep, I wake up much earlier than usual and pull on my workout clothes. If I can't make any sense of my fucked-up relationship with Adrian, at least maybe I can get something productive done.

I know it's just the adrenaline, the stress, the mania, making me think that jogging is a good idea. I'll end up hurting my knee and limping home just like last time. But I have to try something. I can't keep sitting around and waiting for him to decide what he's going to do with my life.

As I step through the front door, something compels me to check the mailbox. I know it's unlikely that anything's been delivered since the last time I looked at it, but for some reason, I open the lid and peer inside.

There is a little piece of paper folded up on the bottom. No envelope. A wave of nausea slams through me, and I unfold it with shaking fingers. I know this paper. I know the heavy type on the heading, the particular way in which the letterhead is stamped.

It's not pink, but I know what it means without having to read the words.

I let myself see it - TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT - just so I can be sure. I let the words sink in, and I sit there in my front hallway with the door hanging open, and the paper hanging between my fingers, my head hanging between my knees.

My first thought is to call Izzy, but I realize I have no story I can tell her. This doesn't make any sense. I could concoct something about Adrian resigning from his job as my editor, but that's going to take more energy than I have now.

All I can do is stare and disbelieve and cry.

Chapter Sixteen

I know I'm fired. I know I don't have a job anymore. But when I wake up, I get in the shower anyway, I get dressed, I even manage to eat a few spoonfuls of yogurt before I gag. I do this before I bother picking up the piece of paper and looking at it again, my hands shaking, and drop it on the floor again as the tears come.

Last night, I tried to call Adrian at least ten times in a row. It shouldn't come as a surprise that he's not answering. Clearly, he wants nothing more to do with me.

And obviously, that's for the best.

I can't accept it. I know I have no choice, but it grates against everything I feel about him. Is there some way I can possibly make him understand? Can I find the words to tell him how I feel? Would it even matter?

My phone dings with an incoming email as I sit there, curled up on the sofa in my favorite skirt and blouse. I stare at the screen, with unfocused eyes.

It's from Natalie McBride.

The same address I used to correspond with "her," back when I thought she was real. Those emails that Adrian claims were from Kara, even though everything she wrote seems at odds with what I've seen of her personality.

The email is just a link. I tap it.

It's a blog article.

THE TRUTH ABOUT NATALIE MCBRIDE?

No one likes citing unnamed sources, but I simply can't let this one go. I can't share everything I was told, but suffice it to say I've seen ample evidence to convince me that this person is in the know. Natalie McBride is a man - and not just any man, one of the most prominent businessmen in his field. He's got more in common with Dirk than Amanda. According to my source, he's a bit of an egomaniac who gets off on knowing he's fooled everyone...

Heart pounding in my throat, I open the Natalie McBride Facebook page. There's a post with over four hundred comments.

Fuck.

To my readers -

I hope some of you will take the time to read this. Please understand I never wanted to lie to you, and while I would never place the blame on anyone else for my actions, I was told this was the only way to reach you. That you would not accept me for who I really am. If I can leave you with just one piece of advice: be very, very wary when you're told something like that.

I realize now that it wouldn't have mattered. You connected with my stories no matter what, and I should have been honest from the beginning. But lies are set in quick-dry concrete. You just have to keep building on them once they're there, unless you want to take a wrecking ball to the whole thing. And that was a choice I made, on my own. I was counseled to try honesty, but I was afraid.

What was I afraid of? This. Losing the connections I've made with all of you. And just in case that sounds creepy, I want to make it clear that I never presented myself as a woman with the intention of gaining your trust so that I could take advantage of you as a man. I know anyone here who's corresponded with me will be able to tell you that. I have always tried to be respectful and to maintain boundaries.

Of everything I've gained from these last few years, it's all of you that I value the most.

I want you to know that one hundred percent of the proceeds from these books has been donated to charity. That was always the case. I never needed the money, and I didn't want to profit off of a lie. Many, many people will be better off because you bought my books. If nothing else, I hope that eases your mind.

I start scrolling through the responses.

Nat...or whatever your name is, I might be alone in this but I understand. I hope you'll keep writing because I love your stories and it doesn't really matter to me who you are. I can't believe I'm saying this because if you asked me a couple months ago, I would have been really upset that somebody would do this. But after I fell in love with your stories it's hard to say goodbye. I understand you probably won't want to write anymore but I hope that you will find a way to continue Dirk and Amanda's story, I just can't accept it's over. I understand what it's like when people around you tell you that you have to be a certain way, and even though you don't really believe them you feel like you have to do what they tell you. I know you didn't mean to hurt anybody. I'll be praying for you.

-

I agree, please keep writing.

-

lol wtf is this

-

I also would love to see more from you. Nathaniel McBride, anyone?

-

Also praying for you, Nat. You obviously had a story in your heart that you needed to tell, and I hope people will be open minded enough to understand.

-

Honestly disappointed at all the ass-kissing in here. You realize he LIED to you, right? I don't know what the point of this confession is. Are we supposed to pat you on the back and make you feel better about yourself? It's really, really scummy to pretend to be a woman to gain somebody's trust. That's what predators do. And we're just supposed to take your word for it that you've never taken advantage of anyone? Please. Anyone who felt victimized would be too scared to step up, your rabid "fans" are CLEARLY okay with all your sliminess (and most of them have probably known all along, let's be real). They would tear anyone limb from limb if they said one bad thing about. *patiently waits to be deleted and banned*

-

Anybody else need some popcorn?

-

I used to think guys couldn't write romance, but you proved me wrong. Please don't quit. Ignore the haters and just be yourself.

-

Something shakes me out of my trance. It's the ding of another incoming email. My hands are trembling when I open it.

***

From:

"Big fucking mystery there." I stand there, in front of him, wondering if he'll even remember this tomorrow. "I can't believe this. You told me to wear lingerie at work." My face burns as I recall that conversation.

"And I stand by that suggestion." He manages a lopsided grin. "You should see the emails I didn't send you."

Fuck, fuck, fuck. I cannot deal with this right now.

"I'm not proud of it," he says, at last, a little more quietly. "But then I saw the things you'd never tell me to my face. Like that you think I'm a good person. That you like how I make you laugh. I shouldn't have done it, but I'm not sorry I had a chance to find out." He looks up at me, and there's no humor left in his face. "I was just begging for scraps, Meg. When it comes to you, that's all I've got."

I let out a bitter laugh. "No, no, you are not putting me in a position to feel sorry for you. Not today."

"Will you please sit down?" he slurs.

"No, Adrian!" I shout, adrenaline coursing through me as I let five years' worth of bottled-up anger spill out. "No, I will not fucking sit down! I'm done with this. I'm done with you. You're fucking toxic, and you poison everything around you, and you already ruined half a decade of my life. I let you take my self esteem, and my self respect, and my sanity. I even shared your bed because I just needed something to make me feel better about all this shit. And it did, you know that? You're pretty fucking good at making me forget what a train wreck my life is. And the fact that you made it that way. You're my own personal heroin. I'm fucking done, Adrian. I hate who I am now. I hate what you've turned me into."

He just stares at me. I watch his nostrils flare, his eyes flash, his chest rising and falling more rapidly as he listens, but he doesn't say anything. My face is burning, and I can feel angry tears beginning to gather and trickle down my cheeks. I don't even care. After today, I'm never going to see him again.

"I used to be a good person, Adrian." My voice is thick with sobs I force myself to swallow. "I used to have friends. I used to have fun. I even used to be able to tolerate my parents, for a monthly phone call, for a couple visits a year. It was shitty, but at least it was something. Now I'm going to be eating a fucking Swanson meal for Christmas with a god damn plastic tree in my discount apartment because paying me another couple dollars an hour would mean you have to cut down on your Dom Perignon consumption. And I can't start my own family, because now, thanks to you, I'm exactly the shrill insufferable bitch you always thought I was."

He just keeps staring at me.

Finally, he speaks, his tongue sounding thick in his mouth. "You're not...you're not," he says.

"Really? That's the best you've got?"

His eyes are barely even open anymore. Jesus Christ.

I storm out of Adrian Risinger's penthouse suite, out of his building, out of his life.

Chapter Seventeen

Time passes.

I wake up in the morning. I shower. I swallow a mouthful of vitamins I know I'm supposed to be taking, and I update my resume.

I make a Linked In profile and I send in applications and I wait. Most of the time, I remember to eat. At night, I stare at the ceiling until I fall asleep. Sometimes it takes too long.

If I dream, I don't remember it.

I do all of these things without feeling. If there's still a heart beating in my chest, I'm not particularly aware of it. I've had to excise the part of myself that was stupid enough to fall in love with a man like Adrian, and it's left precious little behind.

Someday, I know, I will look back on this time in my life and wonder what the hell I could have possibly been thinking. I might even laugh at it, perhaps with my kind, slightly older, curly-haired husband who is a college professor or an assistant regional manager of who gives a fuck. We'll swap stories about the crazy exploits of our youth. He'll tell me about the time he broke his leg jumping into a shallow lake, I'll tell him about the time I slept with my boss. We'll be that kind of couple. He won't get jealous, because he knows that time is long gone.

He knows, as well as I do, you can't grow old with a man like Adrian.

Maybe someday we'll see each other. Not bloody likely, in a city this big. But it could happen. Maybe he'll be reduced to doing his own food shopping at some point, and I'll meet him in the ice cream aisle with a baby on my hip. Maybe I'll pretend not to recognize him.

A month passes, and I find myself with a new job. It doesn't pay as much, but it's enough. My boss is patient and understanding. A normal person, basically.

I hate it.

My first day, I get home and suddenly realize what a sty I'm living in. A month's worth of the shitty local newspaper scattered across my kitchen table, junk mail everywhere, empty bottles of God knows what. I haven't had an adrenaline rush in ages, so I find myself cleaning. I flip on the TV and let the financial news drone on in the background while I gather up the recycling.

As I walk to the bin in the kitchen, something on one of the newspapers catches my eye.

Animal shelter says "guardian angel" responsible for saving location; furry tenants

The eye-rolling headline notwithstanding, I have to wonder.

I flip to the human interest section. Sure enough, it's a picture of Shelly cuddling a very photogenic polydactyl cat with striking green eyes, taking up half the page.

My heart squeezes painfully in my chest.

....the donor, who insists on remaining anonymous, has promised Masterson his ongoing support for her shelter, and its mission. "He really is a guardian angel," she says. "I've always believed that the universe will provide when you're at your most desperate, but until now I didn't realize just how true that was."

The universe, hell.

Guardian fucking angel? Not likely.

I'm laughing and I'm crying and I'm laughing some more.

And he never said a word to me. Why would he? He didn't know. It's not his job to update me on every charity he decides to support.

But the anonymity is different. That means he's not supporting them as Risinger Industries, he's just supporting them as himself. Like he actually cares.

My heartbeat comes back. And with it, a pain in my chest that I wonder if I'll ever live completely without.

***

When I show up at the shelter, with its shiny new coat of paint and expanded kennel area, Shelly hugs me and cries.

"I thought you might be back," she sniffles. "I was hoping. After we ran into each other..."

She pauses, looking at me. It seems like there's a thousand things she's not saying.

"I'm just so glad you're here," she says, finally.

I puzzle over this while I supervise the open play time for the dogs, throwing balls and sticks and sitting down on the bench with the elderly beagle who just wants to cuddle all day. I know he's going to have a hard time finding a home, and I try not to think about it as I stroke his ears.

The one nice thing about this new, terminally boring job is that it leaves me plenty of time and energy to volunteer again. It feels strange, like a time machine has taken me back five years and dropped me in a place where I no longer really fit in. Nothing else has changed much, but I have.

I start spending weekends, evenings, and even some early mornings at the shelter. When I mention it offhandedly to my new boss, he offers me a flexible schedule to help out with my charitable endeavors. He loves animals, you see.

I feel like I'm on a different fucking planet.

When Shelly walks into the room, the whole atmosphere changes. Every single dog's head perks up, and they're all looking at her, waiting for instructions.

"Sit," she says, quietly, and they all do.

The woman is terrifying, and I love her.

"Meg, are you all right?" She comes over and lays her hand on my shoulder. "You seem like you're a million miles away, sometimes."

Is it that obvious? I feel my ears start to burn. "I'm sorry. I'll try to focus better. I'm just..."

"No, no, no. You're not doing anything wrong." She sits down beside me. "I'm just worried about you, that's all. If you ever want to talk, I'm here."

"I know." Sighing, I look down at my hands in my lap. They're just sitting there, inert, like they don't know what to do. It feels like everything takes a special effort. Breathing. Thinking. Every muscle in my body is particularly heavy and sluggish. "I got myself into kind of a mess at my old job. I'm glad I left. Not that it was my choice. But I think it was the right one, even if it seemed horrible at the time."

"That job was definitely not good for you." Shelly nods. "I could see it draining the life out of you, every time we ran into each other. But you don't look any happier now, Meg. You still look like you're carrying the weight of the world on your shoulders. Have you really left that place behind?"

Of course I haven't. But how can I explain that, without confessing that I slept with my boss? I don't want Shelly to know that about me. It seems so juvenile, so ridiculous. I'm going to come across like the delusional one - unable to accept that a guy who's so spectacularly out of my league doesn't want to settle down and have babies with the likes of me. No matter how much he likes the sex, I never should have mistaken it for love.

It wasn't a mistake, though. I know it wasn't. He felt something and he ran the fuck away from it. If that's how he's going to be, then I don't want him in my life.

"It's hard to let go of the fantasy of somebody that you have in your head, you know?" I say, finally. It doesn't make any sense out of context, but with Shelly that seldom matters. "Even if you know they're really not like that. It's like we just see bits and pieces, and our brains fill in the rest with whatever we want to be there."

She's nodding. Once again, it seems like there's something she's not saying, and I can't imagine what. Shelly seldom finds a reason to bite her tongue.

"Well, whatever's going on, I know you're gonna be okay." She squeezes my shoulder. "Let me know if there's anything I can do."

I promise her that I will, but I can't imagine how anyone could help me at this point.

***

For some reason, my TV keeps ending up back on the financial channel. It's all stuff I needed to know when I was working for Adrian, but it's almost entirely irrelevant to my life now. All the same, I stay informed. Whenever there's nothing better on, I learn about all the latest mergers and acquisitions and wild speculation.

I'm just used to it, I suppose. It's like a lullaby at this point, or Seinfeld reruns for anyone who grew up in the 90s. It's nice to know there's at least one thing in the world that hasn't changed.

But Jim Cramer is really letting the spittle fly tonight. Something must have happened. I didn't hear any air raid sirens, so it can't be all that important, but I turn my attention to the screen all the same, while I gather up my dishes.

"...so with this unprecedented move, what do you anticipate for the future?" one of the other talking heads is asking.

"You know, John - obviously we've seen things like this happen before, big upsets like this, but ultimately I think this'll be a blip. Of course it'll depend on the impression the new CEO leaves. But there's no sign the company's been mismanaged before now. Ultimately I think people are going to forget the name Adrian Risinger."

I don't drop the glass I'm holding, but thinking back on it, I'm not sure how the hell I managed that.

"It's a little early for a midlife crisis," someone else is saying. "There's going to be suggestions - in fact, we're already seeing implications that he might have stepped down because of some corruption or an issue he otherwise doesn't want to deal with. And that's going to be swirling through everyone's head when the markets open tomorrow."

With numb fingers, I type his name into the search on my phone. Five or six news stories pop up immediately. There's a video. I don't want to hit play, but I do.

"I've already commented on this...I've said everything I'm going to say. It has nothing to do with Risinger Industries. I see a prosperous future for them without me. This was never the right position for me, and I was never the right man for the job. My only regret is that it took me so long to realize it."

I sit down, mostly because my knees have stopped working.

He lived for that company. It's all he has. All he's ever had. And now he's just...walking away?

Panic is clawing at the inside of my throat, and I realize this whole time I've been scared for him. I don't know how he can live without me, and how's that for hubris? All along I've been writing him off as the arrogant one, but I've grown to believe myself indispensable to him.

Clearly, I'm not.

Being Adrian's secretary was my whole identity. For five long years, it was all I had. I didn't want to believe that I let it seep into me so deeply, but I have. Adrian will be fine without me. He'll be fine without the company. In fact, he'll probably go back to writing. He's a man of many talents, unlike me. Unless dealing with an impossible people is a talent. It doesn't seem to be coming in particularly handy now.

Heartache keeps me awake that night, and I wish I could just forget about it. His life and mine are no longer intertwined. In fact, I have no plans to speak to him ever again.

And yet.

And yet.

***

When Shelly asks me if there's any possible way I can make it in a little early on a Wednesday, I actually run it by my boss, and he says of course I can. There's a truck coming with a massive load of donations and they need all the help they can get to unpack and organize it.

I'm ready to spend a few hours embroiled in backbreaking labor, if it'll help me forget all the things I need to forget.

Even though I leave not too long after lunch, I'm still one of the last volunteers in the group. It's a good turnout - Shelly always has a knack for getting people to roll up their sleeves.

Walking up behind the little crowd, I see something that makes my heart slam into my ribcage.

It's not him. It's not him. IT CAN'T BE HIM.

Even knowing what I know, this is not the sort of thing Adrian would turn out for. Hands-on work? He's more of a "write a check and forget about it" kind of guy. But if that's not the back of his head, incongruously sticking out of a strangely familiar looking tee-shirt, then I will swallow my shoe.

I just stare. I've never seen him in jeans before. I've never seen him casual before. I haven't seen him at all in so long, after seeing him every weekday and way too many weekends for half a decade, and I think my heart might explode.

"Adrian?" I half-whisper.

He turns around.

There's that classic just saw a ghost look in his eyes, but I can't stop staring at his mouth, his jaw, because he's finally let that stubborn stubble grow out, nothing crazy, less than half an inch of carefully-groomed beard. It's just a shade darker than the hair on his head, with more mottled golden-red mixed in. It suits him.

His shirt says: KEEP AUSTIN WEIRD

"Shelly told me you wouldn't be here," he says, softly.

"Shelly lied," says the woman herself, appearing from behind a pile of boxes, dusting off her hands. "You two need to have a long conversation. Meghan, please give him a chance. You can have my office. Adrian, go. Tell her what you told me. So help me God, I don't care how much money you donate, I'll drag you there by your ear if you give me any sass."

I'm staring at her. No wonder it was so urgent for me to work today. "What the hell is going on?"

She just shrugs. "I put the pieces together. I remembered you said you were working for his company, so when he shows up all of a sudden, I had a feeling there was a connection. It didn't take much prying to get the whole sob story out of him, I'll tell you. Something about holding a kitten just makes a man want to confess all his sins. I'm not saying you have to forgive him, but I can't keep watching you two pine away for each other. Work it out somehow, for all of our sakes."

I can't look at Adrian, don't want to, now, but he touches my arm.

"I think we'd better go," he says, with a hint of an apprehensive smile on his lips. "She scares me."

Numbly, with a ringing in my ears, I follow him. He sits down on the edge of her desk, maybe because he doesn't want to mirror the way we always used to speak to each other, and otherwise I would have instinctively sat down in the visitor's chair, while he reclined behind the desk.

"I regret almost everything I've ever said to you," he says, his voice quiet and gruff. "But nothing as much as when I lied about the emails. I was trying to protect you, but..."

"You took advantage of my trust," I hiss. "How is that okay?"

"It's obviously not," he says, looking irritated already. "Did I say it was okay? Have I ever so much as implied that anything I've ever done in my life is 'okay?' It is what it is, Meghan. And I thought you liked me for who I was. I thought you..." He stops, sighing. "The way you looked at me that night, when I sent your mother packing, I swore you loved me."

"Maybe I did." My voice is shaking, and I barely recognize the sound. "For a minute there. When I forgot who you really were."

He rests his head in his hands for a minute, finally raking his fingers through his hair and looking up again. "Do you just want an apology, Meg? Is that why you're here? Or do you still feel something? Does it seem like you're sleep-walking through your life now? Did your heart leap out of your chest, the first time you heard my name since you came to my house? Do you dream about me? Do you wake up moaning my name?" His tone grows softer, and I hate him for trying to evoke all the passion he knows I can't resist or control. "Because I do. I did. That's how it is for me, Meg. I can't forget you. Not that I expected to. But I thought it would be easier to cut and run."

"So what is this?" I'm breathing faster, and I don't know if it's anger or excitement or some fucked-up combination of both. "You give a bunch of money to save the puppies, and show up here all grunge-rock to actually get your hands dirty, and you think that's gonna make everything better?" I starting to get shrill, but I can't help myself. I might actually be losing my mind.

He's exasperated. At least that's a familiar emotion. "I swear to God, I didn't know. Shelly will tell you. I begged her a thousand times, before I came here, every time, to make sure you were nowhere near the place. I didn't want you to find out. Specifically because I didn't want you to think that."

"So why are you here, then?" I want to know.

"Better than drinking myself to death on the kitchen floor," he says. "Which seems to be where I'm headed, otherwise."

"I don't feel sorry for you," I tell him, because I actually do. God damn it.

Adrian sighs. "Good. You didn't answer my question."

"What?" I've completely lost track of what the hell he's talking about.

"Do you still care?" he asks me. "Even a little?"

Tears spring to my eyes instantly. How can I keep playing it cool when he's standing in front of me, looking like that?

"Of course!" I almost shout. "After my mom left, I..." My voice trails off to a whisper, now. "...I didn't think it was possible to feel that way about anyone."

Pain crosses his face. He closes the distance between us, grabbing my arms gently and holding me still while he talks. It's such a subtle gesture of dominance, and I probably shouldn't love it, but I do. I still do.

"Leaving that night was the worst thing I've ever done in my life," he says. "And believe me, that's saying something."

I have to chuckle slightly. "I don't believe you."

"Believe me," he says. "I know I broke your heart that night. And I knew that would happen. I was fucking selfish. I've been selfish my whole life, Meg, which I'm sure you know. But the important thing is that I know. I've always known, but now it's different. I've felt the full consequences of my actions for the first time in my life, and if you don't think it's humiliating to admit that...it doesn't matter. This isn't about me - that's the point. My whole life, everything's always been dispensable. Replaceable. Do you know how many cars I crashed before I even turned sixteen?" He lets out a little bewildered laugh. "And I never hurt someone so badly they wouldn't come back, if I waved my wallet in front of them. My parents always told me to be more careful, but I didn't know the meaning of the word."

He licks his lips a tiny bit, looking down at me, and I feel a rush of arousal I haven't felt in months. It's too much, having him spill so much of his heart, his hands touching me, and so help me, I just want him.

But I know I have to hear what he's saying. I blink, trying to re-focus on his words.

"Until you, I didn't know," he says. "I'll always regret what I said to you, what I did. I was reckless with the one thing that really mattered."

I stare at him, trying to make sense of the storm inside. "What else did you lie about?"

"Let's see." His eyes search my face. "I lied when I said I didn't think it was a good idea for us to keep on sleeping together. I lied when I said it was a mistake, that night when I made your mother disown you. I know I should feel sorry, but I fucking don't. I hope she never speaks to you again. It kills me that it'll hurt you, but I know she's bad for you." A ghost of a smile. "Even worse than me, if that's possible."

"You weren't bad for me," I sob, unable to hold it back anymore. "Somehow, I don't know how, you were exactly what I needed. When we were together, and I don't just mean fucking - I mean just together, as people, when you didn't feel the need to act like my boss...it always felt right."

"I know." He touches the side of my face, with tentative fingers. "I know. It scared the hell out of me."

"Why'd you quit?" I ask, finally.

"Because I don't want to be that person anymore." He says this with conviction, and something twists and bursts in my chest. "I don't know who I want to be, but Risinger Industries is in my past now. Of course it's still in my family, and I'm still disgustingly rich." He smiles a little. "But as much as I can, I'm trying to get away from it. I'm done being careless. I hate being reckless. Most of all, I hate that you'll always look at me and see someone who hurt you."

"Getting rid of the company doesn't change that," I murmur. I can't stand it anymore. I launch myself up on tip-toes, and I kiss him. The noise he makes is surprised, pleased, maybe a little confused, if a muffled sound can convey all of that. But there's nothing confused about the way he kisses me back.

Resting my head on his chest, I can hear his heart beating a million miles a second. When he starts to talk, I can feel his voice vibrating through his ribcage.

"When I met you, you know, I hadn't written anything in ten years. More. My dad hated it. He found all my journals and burned them, when I was twelve. I already had my future in front of me. He didn't want me wasting my time. And that desire I felt when I met you - beyond the obvious, that itch to pick up a pen and let a story flow out of me the way they always wanted to - it scared the hell out of me. It made me angry. It was my father's anger, I realize now. It was the fear of him, still haunting me.

"But I couldn't just ignore it. I meant every word I wrote in that email. You didn't look like the women I'm supposed to want, but you were desperately sexy, and I knew if I let myself, I'd ruin you. So I didn't.

"Instead, I wrote. I let everything out in stories, and not just the ones I published. There were some I didn't dare, because I knew you'd recognize yourself if you ever saw. Like that time the vent in the hallway wouldn't stop rattling and maintenance wouldn't come, and you climbed up on a stack of chairs with a butter-knife to fix it. I never met a woman like you - hell, I never met a person like you. The way you talked to me. Not caring if you hurt my feelings, not sparing a single thought for my ego. Before long, my only fantasy was you, taunting me, with that smile on your face, until I found a way to shut you up." He licks his lips again, quickly. "Sorry. Trying not to get carried away, but it's hard."

I let out a totally undignified sound, and maybe, maybe I get a little bit of snot on his shirt. He doesn't even flinch. It must be love.

"Yeah," I mutter. "I noticed."

There's a moment of silence, with nothing but heartbeats.

"I hated myself for firing you," he says. "I really thought it was the best thing. And I really was just going to give you the slip and walk away, but fuck, Meg...I couldn't help myself. I needed you, one last time. And then I did nothing but worry about you. I knew you'd never accept any help from me, so that was all I could do. As much as it killed me. But I knew, I knew you'd be fine. When Shelly told me you had a new job, I wasn't surprised." He sighs, looking down at me with such softness and concern that he'd be unrecognizable to anyone else in the office. But not me. I've seen it before, in flashes, and felt it in his touch. "I missed you so fucking much."

"It's been weird, hasn't it?" I laugh a little bit. "Five years, we talked to each other almost every day." My throat starts to close, and it's so hard to say the words - I can still taste the fear in the back of my throat. Thinking he'll turn and run away again. "I missed you too."

With a hand on either side of my face, he lifts it, meeting me halfway, but not kissing me again. Not yet. "Have your feelings for me changed? I mean, really changed, aside from all the shit you've got every right to hate me for?"

"No," I whisper.

"Good." His lips brush mine. "I want to talk to you, Meg. I want to talk more. I want to talk for hours, and explain everything, and apologize a thousand times. But first I want to make love to you. Not fuck, you understand. We've done plenty of that, and we'll do plenty more. I need it. You need it too." He kisses me, finally. It's long, and slow, and it leaves every inch of my body tingling. "Do you know how long I've wanted you?" he asks, his voice husky. "Every day of my life. Every time you wore one of those skirts with the slit up the side, I'd have to jerk off under my desk once or twice, just so I could concentrate. For years now, every time I come, I picture it painting your skin. I can't imagine ever wanting anyone else."

My whole body is throbbing. "I loved that," I confess. "When you marked me. I still think about it all the time, especially when I don't want to."

"Come home with me," he murmurs, nuzzling my neck. "Before I have to fuck you right here and ruin my whole plan."

"Home?" I look up at him. "You mean, your home?"

He nods, smiling. "Yeah," he says. "My home. My bed. What else would that mean?"

"You asshole." I'm glaring, smiling, and crying all at once. I don't know what the hell's happening anymore. "You set me up for this. All that shit about how you don't let anyone in your bedroom. I bet that's not even true."

"Cross my heart," he says. "You can check the security footage if you want."

"Why the hell would I be the exception?"

Adrian almost laughs, but not quite, closing his eyes for a moment. "I think you can figure that out for yourself, Meg."

"Tell me anyway." I press myself against him, pillowing my head on his chest again, ignoring the very loud voice in the back of my head telling me this is a bad idea. "I like the way you weave those words, Mr. Risinger."

He sighs, brushing a wild strand of hair behind my ear. "Because you are home to me, Meghan. You always have been."

He kisses me, and incredibly, I believe him.

Chapter Eighteen

Adrian's bedroom is breathtaking.

Well, to be more accurate, his bedroom ceiling is breathtaking. I can't speak for the rest of it, really. This man's idea of "making love" apparently has a lot to do with kissing his way down my body for twenty minutes, and as nice as that is, I'm starting to get a little impatient.

Oh, but it is nice.

"You're so fucking beautiful," he breathes, his lips trailing down my chest to my stomach. "I should've told you that. The first second I saw you, I should've told you that."

I giggle softly, goosebumps rising all over as his breath tickles the sensitive skin between my hipbones. "It definitely would've set a different tone for our relationship."

He chuckles, his lips just inches from where I want them. "Don't even pretend like you wouldn't have punched me in the balls."

"I wouldn't have," I insisted, my hand drifting to his hair, fingers scratching lightly at his scalp. "Hell, with the way you operate, I'm still convinced you could've had me naked on your desk within the first week, if you really wanted to."

He sits up, and I let out a deep sigh.

"Hold on, you little sex fiend, we're having a conversation about this." he frowns as I squirm. "Do you really think I didn't want that?"

I shrug. "You could've had it, that's all I'm saying."

"I don't believe you," he says, with grin. "But that's not the point. I couldn't, Meg. Not with you." His face gets serious, and softer, somehow. "Even if I could've just snapped my fingers and had you draped across my desk, I didn't want it to be like that. Not with you. I had to make sure it didn't happen. I didn't want to turn on the charm, I thought you deserved something a little more genuine than that." He makes a slight face. "I might've overdone it."

"You think?" I wiggle my hips. "You know, we can talk about this later. Or tomorrow. Or anytime when I'm not..."

His mouth quirks up at the corner. "Go on."

I sigh again. "Come on, Adrian. Stop teasing me."

"I wasn't trying to," he points out. "You were the one who wouldn't stop talking."

"Then shut me up."

He plants a kiss on my inner thigh, and I shudder. "I don't think this is very likely to shut you up," he murmurs. "Unless, of course, I find a way to put something in your mouth at the same time..."

Adrian gets up, and gestures for me to follow. Then he lays down on the bed, flat on his back, and pats the mattress beside him. I blanch.

"No," I say, without thinking.

His eyebrows shoot up. "Do you remember your safe word, sweet thing?"

I nod.

"Are you toying with me?"

I shake my head.

"Then why," he says, fixing me with a dark stare, "why are you saying no to me?"

I can feel myself blushing all over. "I can't do that. Not like this. You need to be on top."

"This?" he echoes. "I haven't asked you to do anything yet. You know what assuming does."

My arms are hugging my torso protectively. "I know exactly what you want me to do, and I'm saying I can't." I swallow hard, hating myself. "Please just...don't make me."

Adrian sits up, scooting closer to me and touching my elbow. "Did you have a bad experience?"

I shake my head.

"What, then?"

Biting my lip, I stare at the mattress. "I just don't want to. I don't...I don't want you to see me like that."

To his credit, he stifles a laugh. But I can still tell that he wants to.

"It's not funny," I insist.

"I know it's not." His hand rests on my arm, not grabbing, not insisting, just reminding me of his presence. "I won't force you to do this, Meg. I can't. But if you do...I promise it'll at least make a dent in that insecurity of yours."

Slowly, I look up at him. His eyes are shining, and his tongue flicks out to wet his lips. And despite the fact that I've basically dumped a bucket of cold water on the proceedings, he's still very, very visibly aroused.

"Why?" I whisper, although I already know the answer.

"Because," he says, a little hoarsely. "I fucking want this. I've wanted it since I met you. I thought you might hesitate, so I never brought it up." He swallows, hard, and I notice the pulse point by his throat, notice how quickly it throbs. "Think about it, Meg. You won't have any room to doubt how sexy you are, with my face buried between your legs like that, and my cock in your mouth. You'll feel it. Every twitch and throb from how fucking amazing it'll feel to taste you like that, to devour you like that, so you're all I can taste and smell. You'll never, ever doubt my desire again."

Fuck it.

I feel drunk as I lean down to kiss him, and he gives me a little sneak preview of the coming attractions with his tongue darting into my mouth. But he pulls away quickly, anxious, wanting. Wanting me. Wanting to be so completely surrounded by me in the most intimate way possible, and yeah, that's a pretty enticing thought.

He crawls back on the bed and I turn around, situating myself just right, my heart squeezing painfully in my chest as I kneel on either side of his shoulders. I hate that I can't see his face.

"Is this okay?" I whisper, staring at his legs, at his erection straining towards me.

"Lower," he murmurs, his exhale brushing against my sensitive flesh.

I go lower.

He grasps my hips, pulling me onto his tongue. My whole body jumps like a live wire, an unearthly noise coming from the back of my throat. My toes actually curl.

"Oh, God," I groan, pitching forward, almost forgetting what I'm supposed to do while I'm here. I can hear him chuckle, feel him chuckle, and he lets go his grip, lifts me up just enough to speak.

"Not bad, hmm?"

He's a little smug, but I can forgive that.

"Yeah," I breathe, clutching handfuls of the sheets. "More."

"Quid pro quo, Clarice."

"This is probably the worst time to make a Hannibal Lecter joke, you kn....oohhhh." He's pulled me back in, and I barely remember words anymore.

But I do remember how much I want to make him feel just one fraction of what he's doing for me. I lean forward, licking and sucking him into my mouth, and his groan vibrates through my core. Fuck, he's right. I can feel his every reaction to this, and it's beyond amazing. He grows even harder and thicker in my mouth, his shaft pulsing and jumping every time my inner muscles clench.

He's on another level. His tongue laps at me like I'm an oasis in the desert, a series of soft, muffled noises accompanying the slow undulation of his hips as I find my rhythm. I've completely forgotten to be self-conscious, and every caress rockets through my heart like an electric shock. I've never felt anything like this. The angle gives him access to every hidden sweet spot that I never knew existed.

With a jolt, I realize I'm going to come.

Fuck, fuck yes, fuck yes. Oh, my God, Adrian...

That's what runs through my head, but with his cock nudging my throat all that comes out is a string of unintelligible noises. Clawing at the sheets, my legs shaking, I come and I come, and I come, longer and harder than I ever have in my life.

He pushes me off while my body's still twitching, and for a moment I wonder if I started accidentally suffocating him. But no, that's not right. I've landed in a heap, more or less on my stomach, and I look at him over my shoulder to see a man possessed. His face is covered in my wetness, his eyes blazing. With a soft grunt, he grabs my hips and lifts me up.

I know what's coming, and I'm beyond ready for him, but I still howl when he spears into me. He feels huge, and considering the baseline, that's saying something. Hard and fast, he fucks me, igniting little aftershocks that spark through every nerve in my body. Now that my mouth is free, I can scream his name. And I do.

He drives deep inside, and stops, letting out a deep groan. The sound breaks at the end as he devolves into pants and curses, and I fucking love it. I fucking love him.

My heart's rabbiting in my chest when I realize I won't be able to stop myself from saying it. Not now. I can't swallow it down. No matter how badly I want to, no matter how badly I know this could go.

Adrian strokes my hair, leans over me so he can kiss the back of my neck. "You're amazing, baby." His voice is just a soft rumble against my back. "I'm so proud of you."

I never thought I'd hear him say that.

Years and years of bitterness rise up in the back of my mind, threatening to poison this perfect moment. Fuck. Fuck. No. A sudden, unexpected sob well up in my chest, and I let out a little sound involuntarily.

"Meg?" Adrian slides out of me, and I whimper at the loss, grateful my face is buried in pillows so he can't see that I'm starting to cry. God damn it. I will not be the woman who cries after sex with her ex-boss. That's just terrible.

"Meg, Meg, look at me." He's coaxing me onto my side, but when he sees my face screwed up with the effort to hold back my tears, he doesn't immediately recoil. "Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"

I'm shaking my head. Of course that's not strictly true, but he means physically. Right now. That would be a legitimate reason for crying. Not this bullshit.

He brushes my hair back from my face, getting a look at me, like he's trying to satisfy himself that I'm not lying. Then he folds me into his arms, pillowing my head on his chest. "You did so good," he murmurs. "You're perfect."

How can I possibly explain that it's his sweet words that are making me feel this way? The awful conflict inside, the fear that he'll become who he used to, the anger that he treated me so carelessly for so long. I shake my head, vigorously.

"No? What's wrong?" His voice is gentle and coaxing.

"Nothing," I mutter. "Stop talking."

Thank God, for once, he listens.

I give in to it. Huge sobs wrack my body and he just strokes my back, saying nothing, not even making a sound.

He's been silent for a long time, so when he finally speaks up again, I can forgive him for that. "You know what scares me?"

I shake my head, having now devolved into sniffles and the occasional hiccup.

"It scares me, thinking I'll never be able to convince you that I've always cared. That it's not just about sex. I know how it looks, and I know I kicked you around for years because I was a confused and scared little boy who'd never been in love before. But to you, it looks like you get affection for putting out. I can see that, Meg. I'm not stupid."

He sighs, and through the storm of emotions in my chest, one thing pounds loud and clear to the rhythm of my heartbeat.

In love. In love. In love.

He said in love.

"You should run the fuck away from me, and you did, and I was glad. You know that? I hated myself in that moment, hated everything, hated you a little bit, because that's just the compassionate kinda guy I am." He's smirking but there's no joke in it. "But you came back and I couldn't send you away again. I'm not strong enough. I can't resist you, and I never could, and that's why I did my best to keep you at arm's length. Usually when I want a woman, she doesn't see that side of me until much later. When things get ugly. I thought I could show you the ugly side first and you'd stay away. You have to admit, it almost worked."

His breathing is soft and steady, lulling me into a trance with his words.

"I knew if you liked me, even a little bit, if you gave me that look, those eyes, I'd be lost. So I told myself it was all for you, for your own good, instead of just admitting what it really was. I was fucking scared."

His voice gets a little softer, a little lower.

"The idea of never having you? Horrible. But the idea of losing you? Fuck. I couldn't. I'm a spoiled brat, I can't deal with rejection. I had to control it on my terms. And I knew - I knew I was hurting you, I tried to tell myself I didn't, but I did. When I couldn't deny it anymore, I reminded myself I was doing it for you. To protect you. When really I was just trying to protect myself."

He looks at me, and I look at him. My face is streaked with tears and I think about all those times he pushed me to this point at work, when I'd go to great lengths to hide my crying in the bathroom so he wouldn't know. I didn't want to let him win.

Now, there's nothing left to win. He's laid all of his cards on the table and I have to decide what to do with them.

"I'm scared now," he says, quietly. I can almost hear the the quiver in his voice, or maybe that's wishful thinking. "Terrified, in fact. You could walk out on me. You should walk out on me. And I don't know if telling you all this is making that more or less likely. But it doesn't matter, 'cause now you know." He strokes my hair, and he swallows hard, his eyes locked with mine. "I'm sorry, Meghan. I know that's hollow, and it's cheap, and it's too little too late. But I've never meant anything more in my life."

I stare at him for a moment.

"Did you say you'd never been in love before?"

That's the worst possible thing to say, at this moment, but I can't let it go.

"Yeah," he says, softly, warily. He doesn't like that I'm fixated, he wants me to hear what he's saying. And I do. But there's one more thing I need to hear.

"Before what?" I whisper.

He gives me a look. "Don't."

"I'm not playing games," I insist, my hand drifting to the side of his face, more or less without my permission. "I heard every word you said, Adrian. But you glossed over the most important part."

"That doesn't make it better," he says, roughly. "If anything, it makes it worse. Don't let that be the reason why you..."

"It's not," I tell him, stroking his cheek, feeling the beginnings of stubble in the smooth areas scratching against my palm. "God damn, you're almost as stubborn as I am."

He lets out a little almost-laugh. "Maybe that's why we get along so well."

"I like that you challenge me," I said, softly. "The way you do it is pretty fucked-up, sometimes, but I'm better for it now. Once I got some distance, I could see that."

He shakes his head, that little worried stitch appearing between his eyebrows. "I messed you up, Meg. You already told me that."

"I was messed up long before we met." I half-smile. "You've talked to my parents. There's no hope for me to be normal and well-adjusted. I stuck with you because it was exactly the kind of fucked-up I needed in my life. I have a new boss now, you know. He's nice. He's really nice and reasonable and I'm crawling out of my skin in that fucking job. I miss you."

An eyebrow goes up. "A new boss?" he asks, suspiciously.

I giggle softly. "He's sixty-five years old, happily married, with three kids."

"I don't trust him," Adrian growls. "He's got eyeballs, doesn't he?"

Sighing, I scoot in close again. "Focus. Did you hear me? I said I miss you."

"I heard you." He holds onto me tightly, silently, for a moment.

"I don't want you to be an asshole," I tell him. "That's not what I need from you. But I do want you in my life. I want you to push me and challenge me, as long as you let me push back. You need somebody to call you on your shit. I won't be your conscience, because that's fucked-up and condescending and I deserve better than that. But I will stand by your side. And when you tell me to, I'll kneel at your feet. Because I want to. Because I like the way it feels when you look at me that way. Like I'm the only thing in the world that matters."

I take a deep breath.

"I love you, Adrian. I sincerely hope you won't hold that against me."

He chuckles softly, and some deep sense of relief bursts inside my chest.

"You know what this is going to be like, right?" He kisses my forehead. "We're going to fight all the time. When there's nothing to fight about, we're going to fight about how long it's been since we had a fight."

"Uh huh." I snuggle against him. "And then we'll fuck it out of our systems and start over the next day."

"Sounds exhausting."

"I hope you're up for it." I grin, lifting my face up to his, and he meets me halfway. Our noses brush against each other.

"The real question is, are you?" He slides his hand down to the small of my back, a gentle possessive touch. "The noises you were making earlier, I thought you were gonna pass out. Or maybe expel a demon. Are you sure you can take that kind of stress every day?"

"You're so fucking pleased with yourself." I hook my leg around his hip, feeling him twitch and harden at the silent invitation. "I swear to God, it's like you never made a girl come before."

With a sudden burst of movement, he flips me onto my back, and I squeal with surprise and laughter, only to feel my voice break into a moan as he slides into me again, so slow and perfect. Five heartbeats pass before he's buried deep, and I let out a throaty laugh, my head thrown back into the pillows.

"Promise me you'll never stop talking to me like that," he whispers, not moving. Not yet.

"I promise." I swallow hard, feeling like my heart's about to escape from my chest. "So long as you never stop doing this."

"Like I could." He smiles, starting to move in a slow, deliberate rhythm. My whole body tenses, and I whimper softly, wanting so much more, harder, faster.

"Is this okay, baby?" He looks at me with concern. He thinks I'm still sore. Ha. Well, I am, not that's not the problem. It's a sweet ache, and it makes everything even better.

"Yeah," I whisper. "More." And that makes him smile.

"I gotta be gentle with you from time to time, sweetheart." He kisses me swiftly. "Otherwise you won't appreciate it when I'm rough."

Curling my fingers around the back of his neck, I pull his face to mine. "Listen to me. This is very important. Okay? I want you to know this." My breath catches in my throat as my body warms and melts to him. I whisper into his mouth: "You. Are. The. Worst."

"I am," he murmurs against my lips. "But at least I love you."

Chapter Nineteen

INBOX

From:

LINK: YouTube - She's Playing Hard to Get - Hi-Five

From:

She pouts. "Can't I have both?"

I glare at her. "No."

I'm a terrible liar.

***

So that's how I end up on a beach in Hawaii with my once and former secretary, and I do not buy an engagement ring before we leave, because that would be insane.

I think about it, though. I think about it when she thanks me that night I tell her about the trip, so perfectly with her mouth and tongue, and then actually thanks me later, sincerely, with love shining in her eyes. I think about it when she says she's sorry for being such a brat and strokes my hair and tells me how excited she is, and how wonderful I am.

Then, I have to eat her out until my jaw aches to keep myself from proposing on the spot.

When it comes time to leave, we hold hands in the airport. I'll say that again: we hold hands. In the airport.

And I'm grinning like an idiot the whole time.

But I'm fine, really, I'm keeping it together, until we get to the beach and she steps out of the coverup and I quickly realize I should have made her model that swimsuit when we were in private. What the hell is wrong with me?

What is wrong with me, in fact, is that I had a feeling we'd never make it to the beach if I did. And I was right.

It's been a long journey, getting here. Last summer she must have bought ten different suits. From those cutesy swimsuits with the built-in skirt, to a normal one-piece, to a tankini, to one of those vintage high-waisted bikinis that covers almost as much. All beautiful, and all desperately sexy, but this one signifies something else. Something important.

I picked it out for her. I've imagined her in it, but never actually seen it, not until now. And aside from mentally reciting the periodic table of the elements to stave off a very inconvenient erection, I'm consumed with the realization that I'm the only person in the world whose opinion really matters to her.

And if that's not love, what is?

The reality of the situation is this. Some people on the beach are going to be attracted to her. I want to kill every single one of them. Other people, they're going to look and judge. I want to kill them, too. Slowly.

But she doesn't care.

The confidence that shines from her is something I have cultivated so carefully over the last six months. I can't actually take credit for it, because I know what it really means. That she's chosen to believe me. To value my opinion over the ugly judgment of strangers. That she's chosen to love me.

Halfway to the water, she turns and looks at me. "Are you coming?"

With the breeze picking up her fiery hair and shifting it across her shoulder, her eyes sparkling, and the deep blue of the skimpy suit setting off her skin, it's sort of a crime that the only thing I can look at is the little dimples just above her ass.

You know the ones I'm talking about. If you've ever admired a woman with curves in a bikini, you know exactly the ones I'm talking about.

I go to her and grab her hand, pulling her against me. "This was a mistake," I mutter into her hair, glaring at everyone in the vague proximity.

She giggles. "It's too hot out here, anyway. Let's go back to the hotel."

This request is accompanied by her fingers dipping just slightly under the waistband of my swimming trunks. Between our bodies, it would be hard for anyone to notice, but I grab her wrist anyway.

"Stop that."

Meg is still giggling.

"You wanted this to happen, didn't you?" I ask her, accusingly, though I can hardly hold back my smile.

She bites her lower lip. "I hoped it would," she confesses. "You're at your most handsome when you get that look on your face. You know, like you're trying very hard not to picture your cock sliding into me."

I growl. My hand is gripping her half-naked ass and I've got a feeling someone's about to tap me on the shoulder and remind me that this is a family beach. "When we get back, I'm going to make you bend over and spread your legs for me," I murmur in her hear. "You're not to move until I get tired of looking at you. Then you'll hold those perfect tits together for me to fuck. I need to see your pretty neck marked with my come."

"And?" she whispers, staring at me.

"And?" I echo. "What makes you think you get to come? You've been a bad girl. Teasing me in public."

"You gave me this suit," she reminds me, with a grin. "If you can't handle the heat, get out of the designer bikini."

"Oh, that'll come later." I smile indulgently. "After it's been properly christened."

There's something wild and desperate in her eyes. "Come on," she whispers, tugging my hand. I follow her, not knowing exactly where she's going until I realize we're headed towards the changing tents on the far end of the beach. The area's mostly deserted, but I still give her a look.

"Come on, Ryn," she whispers. She licks her lips, quickly. "Baby - I swear to God - this is not the time to get shy."

I glance over my shoulder, laughing a little, although I know the battle's already lost. I'm hard as a fucking rock and I'm not going anywhere unless it's directly into one of these tents, and subsequently, hopefully, into her mouth.

"Everyone's going to know." I don't even think anyone's watching, but my heart's beating so loud, I can hardly hear my own thoughts.

"Good." Her eyes blaze as she pulls me towards the zippered door. "I want them to. I want those runway-ready bitches who purse their lips at me for daring to show skin - I want them to know. I want them to hate me for getting to suck your cock."

I groan softly as she pulls me into the tent, into her arms, into the most wonderful circle of hell.

And that's when I know she has to be my wife. Sooner, rather than later.

***

It's four A.M., and I still can't sleep.

Meg snores softly beside me. She claims she doesn't, and I don't argue with her, because apparently that's the person I've become. But I love the sound. I honestly do.

Just one more sign that this is the beginning of the fucking end.

I stare at the ceiling. If we go home, if we leave this island - if I get on that plane without making her my wife first -

I can't.

Quietly, I get up and pull my clothes on. I don't know exactly what I'm going to do, but I know what I have to find.

I'm out on the street, hailing a cab, before I realize that I've managed to leave my phone and my hotel key behind.

Great. Perfect. At least I have my wallet.

The cab driver squints at me as I climb in. "Is there a jewelry store around here?" I ask him.

He gives me the appropriate look. "It's the middle of the night, man."

"I know that," I grumble. "Come on - help me out."

The driver shrugs. "I mean, my brother owns a pawn shop across town. I can wake him up, but he's not going to be happy."

"He'll be happy." I pull out my wallet. "I promise."

***

It's occurring to me, as I look through the selection, that Meg might not appreciate a pawned engagement ring.

I could propose without one, of course, but that's not the same. At this point I think I know her pretty well. I don't think she'll actually care. In fact, she'll probably appreciate that I didn't really contribute to the blood diamond industry. But if you have even a hint of the superstitious about you, there is something odd about starting a relationship with an edge of desperation, failure, and revenge.

Then again, this is us.

The cab driver's brother looks tired but alert, his eyes glittering at my expensive look. No matter how I dress it down, I still stink of money, and it actually comes in handy in situations like this.

At first.

"How much for that one?" I'm pointing to something delicate and vintage in white gold, and I know next to nothing about jewelry, but I have a feeling Meg will like it. It looks like it'll fit on her finger. It's not too ostentatious, not by a long shot, but it sort of reminds me of a necklace I know she likes.

The driver - whose name, it turns out, is Peter - looks at his brother, and his brother looks at him.

"Uh...two thousand," the shop owner says, finally.

I frown at him. "It has to be worth more than that."

I'm normally a very good negotiator, but I don't actually enjoy ripping people off. Not when it comes to something like this.

He laughs. "Nobody else is gonna pay me that much for it. But if you want to peel off a few extra bills, I won't cry myself to sleep."

I do end up overpaying for it, mostly because I got the man out of bed, and he wraps it up in tissue paper for me.

"No box?" I don't know why that surprises me.

"Drop it in a glass of champagne," he suggests. "Chicks love that shit."

There's an ominous crashing sound outside. "What the fuck is that?" I ask Peter, who looks like he's already calculating his cut of the pile of cash.

"The rain," he says, simply. "What the hell did you expect, coming here during monsoon season?"

I've got to laugh. I didn't even think to research the fucking weather in fucking Hawaii before I planned my trip, because Meg used to handle all my travel arrangements and I don't know how to be a normal human.

"It doesn't sound like rain. It sounds like the fucking apocalypse," I remark, shoving the ring in my pocket.

"It's not so bad. But we should hurry before any of the roads get flooded out."

Well, fuck me.

***

The worn-out wipers on Peter's car are working overtime, but it hardly helps. His radio is blasting, Beyonce telling me that if I like it, I should put a ring on it.

I'm trying.

I lean forward. "Why aren't we moving?"

"Remember what I said about the roads being flooded out?" He grins at me. "They got rain where you're from?"

He knows he's already earned his tip, and then some, so he's poking fun at me. I know I'm dangerously close to Meg waking up - she's been sleeping for a long time now. I wore her out thoroughly.

And I don't even have my fucking phone, to tell her where I am.

This whole thing is insane, and I'm insane, but at least I've got Beyonce backing up my decision. I could do worse.

I could do a lot worse.

"My dad has this joke he likes," Peter says. "You know what the best thing about Hawaii is?"

"Well?"

"The weather. You know what the worst thing about Hawaii is?"

I have a pretty good idea. "The weather?"

He grins in the rearview. "You're catching on quick."

"Fuck it." I pull a wad of cash out of my wallet, and toss it on the front seat. "Thanks for everything, Peter, but I'm going on foot."

"It's over five miles from here," he points out, looking slightly worried.

"Do I look frail to you?"

"Well, no, but..." He shakes his head. "You really love this girl, don't you?"

"I do." My hand's on the door. "At least you've got a good story out of this. You can laugh at me later."

"Nah." He grins. "I remember what it was like when I met my wife. That's how you know it's right - even though you know you've got all the time in the world, it feels like you can't wait. Are you gonna get married here?"

"I hope so," I tell him. He digs a business card out of a pile of junk on his passenger seat, and hands it to me.

"This is a good place to have something last-minute," he says. "They sort of cater to that kind of thing. And unlike my brother, they probably won't try to rip you off just 'cause you're a rich haole."

I tuck the card into my wallet. "Mahalo, Peter."

"Aloha, my friend. Good luck." He shakes my hand before I step out into the torrential rain.

***

All the smart people have sought shelter. Tourists certainly aren't going anywhere, and the locals are staring at the crazy haole trudging through the streets, completely drenched to the bone.

"You okay?" an old man shouts to me as I pass by. He's sitting on his porch, watching he world go by.

"Yeah," I shout back, over the sound of rain. "I've got to go propose to my girl."

He laughs, but I don't think he's laughing at me.

More importantly, I don't care.

I end up wading through almost a foot of water when I reach the spot where it's flooded out. But I know I'm close, now. Even with the warmth of the air, I'm starting to feel slightly chilled.

The lights of the hotel stand out like a beacon, making me walk a little faster, though the exhaustion of my journey and my sleepless night are starting to catch up with me. When I finally get inside, the rain's slowed to a drizzle, and the front desk clerk only looks up when she hears my shoes squeaking on the marble floor.

The elevator ride seems to take ages. I take a deep breath before I knock on the door.

Meg's fiddling with the lock almost instantly. I hear her curse as she struggles with the sticky deadbolt, and then the door yanks open.

"Where the hell - oh my God, Ryn..." Her eyes go wide as she stares at me, stifling a bewildered laugh. "Are okay? Why are you..."

"Got stuck in the rain," I tell her, smiling reassuringly. "Don't worry. I'll be fine once you wring me out."

She lets a little bit of the laugh out as she hugs me tightly. "You look like a drowned rat, babe. What the fuck was so important in the middle of a storm?"

"Wasn't storming when I left," I tell her, stripping off my shirt. With the AC blasting, I'm starting to shiver. "I had to get something. Can you turn the temperature up a little?"

"You need to get out of those clothes," she tells me, going to the thermostat. "You'll get a cold."

"You can't catch a cold from being cold." I roll my eyes while I unzip my pants. "What does it look like I'm doing?"

"Get in the shower," she says. "Right now. And for your information, I once caught a cold from being cold. It does happen."

"Yes ma'am." Amazingly enough, I don't argue with her, although I have to do something first. I dig the ring out of my pocket before I toss my pants aside. This isn't quite how I pictured it - proposing to her in my underwear - but it'll have to do. I didn't walk back in the rain like a God damn regency romance hero so I could wait for one minute longer than necessary.

I grab her hand and pull her away from the dial she's still fiddling with. "Come here, Megs."

"Don't call me that." She's smiling. "Seriously, you need to get -"

Her face freezes, mid-sentence. She stares at me in complete shock, her eyes widening, and then watering slightly. I feel a rush of triumph first, because this girl is not exactly what you'd call a romantic. But at the sight of me on one knee...

"Adrian," she whispers, numbly. Her face is pale beneath the hint of sunburn on her cheeks.

"Shhh," I murmur, pressing my lips to the back of her hand. "Unless the answer's going to be no. Then you can go ahead and save me the humiliation right now."

Her free hand flies to her mouth, and the tears start to trickle. Oh, for God's sake. I was going to do some kind of speech, but I can't stand to prolong this any further. Besides, my throat feels tight for some reason. Maybe I am coming down with a cold.

"Marry me, Meg?" That's all I've got, now that it comes down to it. "I don't mean sometime in the vague future. I mean, here. Now. Not right now, obviously. But before we go home." I kiss the backs of her fingers. My eyes are stinging a little and my heart feels like it's trying to escape my ribcage. "I can't stand the thought of setting foot on the mainland again without you as my wife."

Before I can react, she tumbles down to her knees, throwing her arms around my neck. "Oh, my God," she whispers. "I mean, I hoped you would but I didn't really think..."

"Is that a yes?" I ask, teasingly. But I want to hear her say it.

"Yes, Adrian. Yes. Of course. Yes." She kisses my neck. "Is that what you went out for?"

She pulls away, just enough to see my face. I nod, and pick up her left hand. The ring slides on perfectly, and she watches, captivated.

"Where the hell do you buy an engagement ring at this hour?" she whispers, turning her hand so the diamond catches the light.

I just smile at her. "I've got my ways."

"It's beautiful," she says, a little breathlessly. "And...vintage." Her eyes narrow slightly. "Please tell me you didn't steal this from some sweet grandmother."

Her face is streaked with happy tears, but she's still my Meghan.

"I found a place," I tell her. "Got lucky. The cab driver's brother owned a store. He opened up for me. Natural charisma. The money probably helps, too."

She can see in my face that I'm hiding something, which naturally means she won't rest until she ferrets it out. "What kind of store?"

I'm fucked. "A consignment shop." Technically not a lie. It's probably a service they offer.

The corner of her mouth twitches. "Is this the kind of consignment shop that might get its own reality series on AandE?"

I want to make a joke, but there's no point in prolonging this any further. "Maybe."

"Maybe," she echoes, grinning down at her finger. "You're a fucking marvel, Ryn." Her eyes shine as she looks back up at me. "Was it my ass in that bikini?"

"It's your ass every day, in everything," I tell her, fervently. "But mostly the bikini, yes."

She laughs, wrapping her arms around me again. "I knew it. You just had that look on your face, like you were ready to fall down and worship."

"I hope you're not making fun of me. I take my devotion to your ass very seriously."

Meg pulls back, mischief glinting in her eyes. "Oh, do you?"

"Yes." I kiss her, deeply, and she sighs when I pull away. "Are you questioning my commitment?"

"Of course not," she breathes, without conviction. "Everyone worships in their own way, I suppose."

Fuck. Me.

I just proposed to this woman, and she's teasing me with the promise of debauchery. I knew I made the right choice.

"Are you implying I've neglected something?" I let my hands drift down her body and cup the feature we've been discussing. "Because you know, I'm an old-fashioned guy. I like to save something for the honeymoon."

She giggles, pressing her body against me. "So, just wondering - if we get married while we're here, does the rest of this vacation become a honeymoon? By default?"

I groan into her hair. "You know, I was just joking, but now I know you want it so badly, I'm inclined to make you wait."

"You're a very bad man," she says, pulling back to stroke my hair and smile at me. "But this is a very beautiful ring, and you walked through a monsoon to bring it to me. So I forgive you."

"Really?" I drag my mind out of the gutter, with a serious effort. "You don't mind that the previous owner probably sold it to pay for her lawyer after she caught her husband with six prostitutes?"

She whistles softly. "Six! That's a lot of prostitutes."

"Well, you know." I shrug. "Bulk discount. Not that I'd know anything about that."

"Right." She grins, biting her lower lip, and I lose a little more of my resolve. "Why would you need a discount? That's not classy."

"You know, once again, I'd like to emphasize that I have never paid for sex. Just for the record."

Meg's laughing at me. "Right. Of course." The love that shines in her eyes, though - that softens things a bit.

Well - some things. Not others. Decidedly not others.

"Now will you please get into a hot shower?" she asks, softly.

"I promise I'm not cold anymore." Just to drive the point home, I tilt my hips slightly towards her, sliding my stiff cock against her stomach. "But if it'll make you happy - naturally, I will."

"Good, then. That's settled." She closes her eyes for a moment, breathing me in. "I love you, Adrian."

Until now I haven't realized how much the anticipation of this moment was wrecking me. I thought there was a chance she'd say no, or tell me it was too early, or show some sign of hesitation, or...

Well, essentially anything besides happy crying and coy suggestions of anal sex.

I really couldn't have asked for a better outcome, and I know I don't deserve it. Not just her ass - any of it.

"I love you too." I've lost count of how many times I've said it, but it gets truer every time.

She stands up, taking my hand and pulling me to my feet. Leading me into the shower, into scalding water, where she joins me, without even taking off her pink nightie.

"You're ruining that," I point out, resisting the urge to stroke myself to the sight of her. "Dry clean only."

"Oops." With a smirk, she lets one strap fall down her shoulder, and then the other. Slowly, she shimmies out of it, revealing herself to me one inch at a time. And it doesn't matter how many times I see her, this never gets old.

"Babe, I just decided something." I reach over and switch off the water. "You know that honeymoon we were talking about?"

Her eyes light up. "Yeah?"

I reach for a towel. "It starts now."

