Chapter One

Mike Worth leaned back against the bar and surveyed the Friday night crowd packed in the small, dimly lit room. He held a cold Lager in one hand, had his best buddies surrounding him-whose recreational basketball team had won yet another game earlier in the evening-and a full night of open possibilities in the great city of Vegas ahead of him. What more could a guy ask for?

Well, maybe a hot woman with no attachment issues or dreams of a white wedding dress...but he could also be fine just the way he was.

Not that he had anything against marriage, per se. The institution was interesting, and he liked to study the general notion of fidelity from afar. But for him? Nah. He got bored when he ate the same meal two nights in a row-how the hell was he supposed to be satisfied with waking up next to the same person every day for the rest of his life?

Madness. Pure madness.

Of course, the fact that his best friend, Garrett, was about to marry Mike's little sister, Kiersten, wasn't madness. It made perfect sense. His sister deserved every happiness in the world, and if she wanted to wake up to his dumbass of a best friend staring at her every day, then so be it.

To each his own. Or her own.

Garrett better damn well take excellent care of her or else he'd forget the whole "friend" thing and come down on him harder than an anvil on Wile E. Coyote. And Garrett damn well knew it, too.

The devil himself slid into the barstool next to him and slapped him on the back a little bit harder than necessary. "So, you ready to be my best man? Or are you going to stay true to character and try to help me escape the wedding, instead of stay in it?"

"If you were marrying anyone but my sister, I'd do my bro-duty and toss you out of the rectory window, screaming at you to run for it before you make the biggest mistake of your life." Mike lifted the beer to his lips and took a long draught. "But, since you had to be a dumbass and pick my sister out of all the women in the world to fall in love with, you're getting married whether you have frozen feet or not."

Garrett held up his feet. "My toes are fine."

"Good. Or I'd burn them the f**k off, then carry your crippled self down the aisle to say 'I do.'" Mike shuddered. "Shit. Even saying that hypothetically makes me want to gag."

Garrett cracked up. "You just wait. One of these days you'll meet a girl who makes you forget everything you wanted out of life and show you how much you were missing."

Mike groaned and scooted away from Garrett. "You sound like such a girl right now. Just so you know."

"That might be true, but I'm in love." Garrett shrugged and ignored the woman across the bar eyeing them both as if she couldn't decide which one to hit on.

Though Mike would normally help her make the right decision-AKA him-he ignored her, too. Tonight wasn't about picking up women. It was about Garrett's bachelor party.

"Please. You're ruining the perfectly good buzz I've got going on here."

His friend raised a dark brow. "Funny. I didn't hear you argue about my prediction."

"Did I argue with the Mayans who said the world would end in 2012?"

"How could you? They're dead."

"Exactly." He grinned. "And I would be too before I ever made the mistake of getting tied down. Death before marriage, I say." He held his beer high and used a thick Scottish brogue to say, "They'll never take my freedom!"

"Oh God." Their buddy Stephen approached and rolled his hazel eyes. "Please tell me you guys aren't arguing about which parts of Braveheart weren't true to history again. Last time you guys got started, I fell asleep in a strip club. During a f**king lap dance."

Alistair, their team's point guard, chuckled and scooted closer. His green eyes shined with laughter. "That was pretty damn funny. It was even funnier when the stripper slapped you and stormed off."

"Hilarious," Stephen drawled.

Mike held his hands up. "We're not talking about history tonight. We were actually discussing marriage...and why I'll never do it."

Alistair pinched his lips together. "Never is a hell of a long time."

"Not long enough when you're talking marriage." Mike took another drink. "I'll stay in the green zone, thank you."

"Green zone?" Garrett asked, his brow wrinkled.

Alistair grinned and moved closer. "Is this that 'stoplight theory' you were babbling about the other night?"

"Yep. Ready to hear about it?"

"Hell yeah," Alistair said. "This should be good."

Stephen held his hand up. "Wait. If it's going to be as long as I think, then come sit in the booth Riley's saving over there. Some hot chick just left it empty and we snagged it before someone else could."

Booths in this bar were hard to come by, so none of them wasted time getting off their asses. As they walked, Mike turned to Alistair and pointed a finger in his face. "And don't mock me for caring about accuracy in historical movies. My f**king job as a history teacher is to know history, so obviously I'm going to slam something that's not one hundred percent accurate. It's a well-known fact that when the English-"

Alistair threw his hands up. "I know, I know. I heard you the first million times. So calm the f**k down."

Mike slid into the booth. "It's your fault for being the only one of us who isn't a teacher. Why a cop would want to hang out with a bunch of middle school teachers is beyond me."

"I'm beginning to wonder the same thing myself," Alistair said, sliding into the booth opposite Mike. His red hair and green eyes screamed of his Irish heritage-as did the smattering of freckles across his nose and cheeks. "I wanted a break from the hard-asses I spend all day with but I didn't mean to go quite so far to the extreme as I did with you f**ks."

"Yeah, whatever. Everyone knows math is the best," Garrett, a math teacher himself, said as he approached the booth. "If you didn't want to hear about variables and Pythagorean Theorem-"

Mike cut in with, "No one wants to hear about that shit, Garrett."

"Oh, and history is so much more enthralling?" Garrett asked, sliding next to Mike and slamming his elbow into Mike's ribs in the process. "Hearing about how dead guys died and the mistakes they made before those deaths?"

"Hell yeah it is. For one, you could-"

"Oh, both of you shut up. Science is the best," Stephen said, not even cracking a smile. "I'm the only one here who knows how to make a noxious gas so odorless that it could kill everyone in this room, and they wouldn't even know what hit them."

Alistair groaned and held his head. "Fucking nerds. Seriously guys. Stop. Just stop."

"Fine." Stephen said, motioning to Mike. "So tell us about your 'stoplight theory.'"

Garrett laughed, his blue eyes sparkling. "Oh, I can't wait to hear this one."

Mike thought about it. If Garrett had followed his rule, Kiersten would be alone. "Get lost. You're the only man this doesn't apply to."

Garrett rolled his eyes. "So glad to hear I get a pass."

"You're welcome. Now go get us some more drinks. This speech isn't for you."

"Seriously?"

"Seriously." Mike stared him down, and Garrett finally sighed and got up. Mike pulled some money out of his pocket and handed it to Garrett. "But here. Tonight's on me."

"Fuck you, Mike." But he took the money.

Once Garrett headed off for the bar, Mike leaned in and lowered his voice. "The rest of you need to listen up. Especially you, Al. You got way too close to the red light last week." He set his bottle down and bent closer. "You all know I love women. Every size, shape, and color. They're all perfect, in my eyes."

Alistair smirked. "Yeah, I think it's safe to say we all know that."

"But as with anything in this world, if you have too much of a good thing, you get used to it. Start to wonder why in the hell you bought a whole case of hazelnut coffee, instead of just a few packs. And then you're stuck drinking a piss poor choice for coffee-one you liked a week ago but now you never want to f**king see again."

Mike chugged the rest of his beer and scanned his buddy's faces as he did so. They looked at him with varying degrees of interest-but they were all hanging on the edge of their seats to hear the rest. He'd missed his calling. He could have been the next f**king Oprah.

But he'd have been an Oprah for single dudes.

"So I've come up with the perfect solution to this problem that afflicts men everywhere."

"You make it sound like a medical condition," Alistair said.

"It is, in some ways. Marriage should be a healable condition." Mike grinned. "But anyway, my solution to avoiding this issue altogether? You can compare your time with a woman to a stoplight."

Alistair laughed. "A stoplight? Are you f**king kidding me?"

"Do I look like I'm kidding?"

Riley shook his head. "No. Unfortunately, you don't."

"Well, it's as simple as this." Mike leaned in again and all three of his companions did the same. "Green means go. It's the first or second date and she's looking at you with those bright eyes and big pouty lips. Picturing you as her soul mate or some shit like that. I have no idea what goes on in girls' heads."

"Obviously," Alistair said dryly.

Mike ignored him. "This is the time to enjoy what's freely offered with no worries of tomorrow. Talk, laugh, and have some f**king fun. But when you see her again-and if you sleep with her again-then you're in the yellow zone." He held up a finger. "And you better think very carefully before stepping into the yellow zone, my friends. If you go back for second helpings, that's fine. Encouraged, even, if you know what you're getting yourself into. But the second you're finished, she's going to be wanting to see you again. And she's going to want confirmation that you want to see her again."

"So what do you do then?" Riley asked, his cheeks flushed.

"I give my very detailed, very sweet-yet stern-speech about how I'm not looking for a relationship right now. I tell her I can't see myself ever settling down enough to think of the big 'M' word. If she cries, then that's the end of the yellow zone." He swiped a hand through the air. "You're in the red, and you get the f**k out of there with your ass hanging outta your pants if need be."

"And if she's okay with you not wanting more?"

Mike shrugged. "I haven't met many women like this. Maybe one or two. Most of the time they cry and I book it out of there."

Stephen shook his head. "You're in the red zone way too much, aren't you?"

"I don't know anything about red zones," a feminine voice said, "but he's definitely in my seat."

Mike looked up and caught his breath at the vision in front of him. Her fiery red hair almost reached her waist, she had the brightest blue eyes he'd ever seen, and he could see the hint of dimples on either side of her mouth. Dimples that would surely pop if she smiled.

But instead of smiling, she glowered down at him as if he'd killed her favorite cat and cooked it into a soup. "Excuse me?" Mike splayed his arm across the top of the booth. "No one stole anything. This booth was empty and we sat in it. It's kind of the way seats in public places work. When you leave, it's up for grabs."

She slid into the seat next to him without invitation. In Garrett's seat. "I beg to differ. I got up to use the ladies room and then you were here. I even left my drink here to keep my seat, and put a note on top not to clear the table-that I'd be back."

Mike picked up an empty glass. "You mean this finished drink?"

"That's mine." She took it from him. "You can clearly see it's the same shade of lipstick I'm wearing now."

He looked at her lips. Her very red, very kissable lips. "Indeed. But where's this note?"

She looked on the table, then underneath. "It was here. I swear it."

"Well...it's not now, so we didn't know." He watched her, unable to help himself. She had a certain vivacity to her that enthralled him. She practically hummed with energy and excitement. If this were any other night, he'd buy her a drink and get to know those lips a little better. "Sorry for the misunderstanding but we didn't see a note."

"Uh, thanks. I think." She fidgeted under his stare, and when she tugged the neckline of her shirt down nervously, he caught sight of a glittery bra.

Son of a bitch. One of the boys must've hired a stripper for Garrett-even though he'd specifically requested not to have one. If Garrett were marrying anyone else besides his baby sister, he would have laughed and paid for the performance. Hell, he would have even approved.

But not this time.

"Which one of you dickwads did this?" he asked to no one in particular. Mike scowled and pulled out his wallet. "I appreciate the fact that you came here to dance for our boy but you're not needed. I'll pay you for the dance anyway, but then you can go home."

She stiffened, and turned to face him with wide eyes. The fury in her eyes would have smote him on the spot, if she had the capability to shoot fire from them. He'd be nothing but singed ashes on the burgundy plastic seat.

"Buddy, you couldn't afford me even if you tried," she said. "And FYI? I'm not a stripper. Not all dancers are strippers, but I wouldn't expect someone like you to know that."

And with that, she shoved out of the booth and crossed the bar with her head held high and her jean-shorts-clad ass swinging with each step. Who the f**k wore shorts in March, anyway? Women with the longest, leanest, sexiest legs he'd ever seen. Women like her.

Her brown cowboy boots stomped their way across the room, and he had a feeling she used those boots to stomp all over men, too. She tossed one last spiteful look back at him and then sank into an empty barstool.

And he?

Couldn't look away.

Chapter Two

Morgan Collins ignored the weight of that man's stare with the stubborn determination that had been rightfully handed down to her from a long line of stubborn Irish women.

But, really.

Of all the arrogant, insufferable, no good know-it-alls in the world, that man sitting in her seat was definitely the worst. And then some. First, he stole her booth and didn't even care. Then he topped that off with accusing her of being a stripper and trying to send her off sans the dance he'd thought she was trying to deliver.

She didn't know which was more insulting-the fact that he'd automatically assumed she was a stripper, or the fact that he hadn't wanted her to dance for him at all. Like, what the hell was his problem, anyway? How had he even known she was a dancer? Maybe he had recognized her from the stage. That could have led to his snide assumption about her being a stripper. Some men didn't know the difference between a Vegas showgirl who danced because she loved the art and a stripper who took her clothes off for money.

She wasn't one of those girls.

She danced because she was a dancer. She didn't know a life without dancing and hoped she never would. Dancing was her life. The thing that made her happiest and most fulfilled. A burst of masculine laughter crossed the loud bar and she looked over her shoulder. It was him, all right. How bad was it that she recognized his laugh already? He'd been over there, in her seat, for two hours now. Laughing with his buddies, tipping back the drinks.

While she'd been stood up by her blind date.

She was supposed to meet some guy her friend had hooked her up with but the jerk hadn't even bothered to show. Between that dating disaster, the audition she'd gone on earlier that she was sure she'd blown, and the asshat in her booth, her self-esteem had taken a blow today. A big one.

As she watched him in what she hoped was an un-obvious manner, his group of men stood up and exited the bar. Leaving only one behind-the same one who'd insulted her. He slid back into the booth, spread his legs across the seat, and stared back at her.

Wait. Back at her? Oh, crap, she was still staring, wasn't she?

He cocked a brow at her but she refused to look away. She'd been caught. Might as well make herself look cocky and bold instead of skittering away like a frightened lamb. When she didn't back down, he grinned and pointed at the seat opposite him-the other half of the booth that was quite empty now. He wanted her to sit with him.

Should she?

Before she even realized she'd made a decision, Morgan was crossing the room with her half empty whiskey sour in her hand. His gaze skimmed over her body and she didn't miss the light of appreciation in his eyes. He might have sent her away earlier but he liked what he saw. Good. Maybe she'd get him all riled up and horny and then leave. It would serve the jerk right.

You know what? That's exactly what she would do.

She sauntered over, a hand on her hip and a seductive smile on her lips. She knew how to play men like him. She'd been dealing with his type all of her life. They thought they owned the world and all the women in it, all because they were hot. She'd caught a little bit of his green-yellow-red light speech-and she guessed he lived by that rule. Run when the relationship got serious.

Little did he know, she lived by it, too. She just called it self-preservation instead of a fancy freaking name.

She stopped in front of the booth and shot him a look from underneath her lashes. Men loved that garbage, and from the look in his eyes, he was no different. He was eating all of this up like a kid in a candy store. "Are you ready to give me my seat back? Or did you just call me over here to insult me some more?"

"I called you over here because you've been watching me," he said, lifting his mug to his lips. "And I've been watching you watching me."

Darn, she'd been caught. Best to play it off like it meant nothing. Because it didn't mean anything. At all. "If I was watching you, it was only because you're in my seat."

He patted his muscular thighs. "If you want it so bad, come get it."

She eyed his lap. Did she dare? The temptation was definitely there. What would he do if she sat on him? Called his bluff?

She lowered herself onto his thighs, wriggling her butt to get comfortable. Positioning herself sideways on his lap, she saw that his bright sea green eyes went all wide and he set his mug down with too much force. She fought back a grin. Yeah, he definitely hadn't expected her to take his suggestion.

His hands flopped to his sides like a fish out of water, as if he was uncertain of what to do with them. "Uh, okay. That works." He gave a hoarse laugh and ran a hand through his sandy blond hair. "So, what's your name? I feel like I should know it, since you're on my lap and all."

"Morgan." She sipped her whiskey sour. Her hand didn't shake at all, even though the glass felt as if it weighed a thousand pounds. Hopefully, only she knew how fast her heart was beating over the fact that she was sitting on a strange man's lap. She purposely didn't ask him what his name was. "Where are all your buddies?"

"They went home."

"And you didn't go with them?"

"Nah." A corner of his mouth tilted up. "The bachelor party is over and I'm a big boy. I live alone."

"Aww. Are you getting married, sweetheart?" She cocked her head and fluttered her lashes. "How cute."

Of course, she already knew it was a different guy. Probably the hottie who'd been at the bar when she'd sat down because blondie had given his stoplight speech when the bachelor wasn't there. But instead of revealing her theory, she decided to act like God hadn't given her the good sense to know left from right.

Men liked that, too.

"Not me. My best friend's the one getting married."

She played with her hair, wrapping a fiery curl around her finger. He watched her hands, his eyes hot and intense on her. So freaking easy. "And you didn't want to hire him a stripper? Some best friend you are."

"Yeah, well, he's marrying my baby sister so he doesn't get to see that side of me for his bachelor party." He shifted his weight on the booth, unsettling her precarious perch on his legs. She quickly regained her balance on his lap. "No stripper or hookers or any other shit like that. Not when it involves my baby sister."

Oh, so he had a soft spot for his little sister, huh?

That was actually kind of...cute. And she really didn't want to associate cute with this guy. But now she knew why he'd sent her away. It hadn't been an insult to her. He was being a protective older brother.

Her righteous anger deflated, leaving her sitting in a strange man's lap for no reason. She grasped at straws to get the anger back. "Are you calling me a hooker now?"

His cheeks turned red. "No, of course not." He took a drink of his beer. "About that, I'm sorry about earlier. I just saw your bra thing under your top," he gestured to the strap of her beaded bra, "and assumed you were here because one of the guys hired you."

"It's fine." She slid off his lap and stood. Her anger was gone and that left her sitting on a strange man's lap for no reason. "Well, it's nice meeting you and all but I'm going to call it a night."

He canted his head. "Let me buy you one more drink? To make up for my mistake?"

"That's not necessary."

"I think it is." He rose and stepped into her personal space. Man, he was hot and tall. Like, really tall. She was five-seven and he towered over her. She wanted to back off, to give herself room to breathe, but that would make her look weak. Not the image she wanted to give him. "I have to insist."

She stared him down-even if she had to look up at him to stare him down-and he did the same to her. Seriously, this man had alpha male written all over him. And she liked it. She had come here for a date...

"Fine. One drink, Mr....?"

His eyes lit up with satisfaction. "Mike Worth."

"Well, Mr. Worth." She slid into her side of the booth now that he'd emptied it. "I'll have a whiskey sour. You go grab it and I'll sit here and keep our seats safe. I hear there's a jerk going around and stealing seats tonight."

He shot her an amused look and headed off for the bar. He looked as good going as he did coming. The jeans he wore hugged his tight butt and she had a feeling he spent a lot of time in the gym. That made two of them.

As he ordered drinks, she pulled out her red lip gloss and reapplied, checking to make sure she didn't have raccoon eyes or something else equally embarrassing. She'd awakened at five thirty for the audition, then spent all afternoon rehearsing for the Monday night show in which she was an alternate. It involved a lot of high kicks-Rockette style-and she ached from hip to toe.

He slid into the booth opposite her and handed her the drink. He'd gotten the same. "Here you go, Morgan."

"Thanks, Mike."

She stirred her drink with the tiny red straw all bars used, and watched him. He scanned the room, then turned the power of those baby blues on her. Although, upon closer inspection, they were more sea-green than blue. She liked the ocean color even more than blue.

Damn him and his stupid attractiveness.

Under his scrutinizing stare, she shifted her weight in the booth and blew out a soft breath. Her hair fluttered from the exhalation. "You're staring," she said.

"I am?" He seemed to shake himself out of a stupor. "Sorry. Didn't mean it. But, you know, I can't quite place your accent. Where are you from?"

She raised a brow. "Texas."

"Ah. Texas." He glanced under the table. "That explains the boots-which I like very much, by the way."

She inclined her head in thanks. "Let me guess-you're born and bred in Vegas?"

He grinned. "Yep."

"And you're probably a bookie or a professional gambler or something like that, aren't you?" She pointed her drink at him. "Wait. Are you a stripper?"

He laughed. Actually laughed. Her pulse leapt at the sound.

"Sure. We'll go with that."

So he wasn't any of those things. Some part of her wanted to press for more information. To find out what he really did, but what was the point? It's not like she actually cared, right? "Okay, then."

"So you know what I can't figure out?" He leaned across the booth and met her gaze. She inhaled deeply and held it. The man could seduce with his eyes. "Why are you here, on a Friday night, all by yourself?"

She hesitated. Should she tell him the truth and let him know she'd been stood up, or make it sound a little less embarrassing? Shrugging, she said, "My plans fell through last minute."

"Ah. That makes more sense than you being all by yourself."

She toyed with her straw and bit down on the corner of her lip. He stared at her mouth and her stomach clenched. The way he looked at her right now made her think about bringing him home and...

No. Not happening.

She forced herself to sit up straight. To stop swaying toward him, even though she hadn't even realized she was swaying toward him until she moved back. "Because it's so hard to believe I might not have plans?"

"A woman who looks as good as you do always has plans."

Oh God. That shouldn't have made her want to jump his bones. She needed to back off. Or return to the old plan of getting him all hot and bothered before she left.

"Well..." She licked her lips, her heart racing at the way his gaze heated up. "Maybe you're my plans now."

He growled and she shivered at the guttural sound. "That's fine by me."

Propping her elbows on the table, she reached for his hand. The touch of his skin on hers sent a small electric-like shock through her blood. She almost dropped his hand, but he turned his wrist and caught her fingers before she could retreat. Guess she had to keep up her act...though it was starting to feel less and less like an act by the second.

"Maybe I'd like to go home with you tonight and show you just how much I like the growl you just made by making you do it a hell of a lot more," she said, tracing circles on his knuckles.

He caught her other hand and pressed a kiss to her wrist, pinning her down with his eyes. Yeah, this man liked control almost as much as she did. "That could be arranged."

"Hm." She licked her lips again, not dropping his stare. "And maybe I want to go home with you right now."

He pulled her across the table so she was practically lying across it, then leaned in until his mouth was at her ear. "Maybe I'd like that, sweetheart."

The solid surge of desire caught her off guard. This was supposed to be a game-a way to teach a lesson to the man who'd automatically jumped to nasty conclusions about her. The very same man who spoke about women like they were stoplights instead of human beings. She wasn't supposed to want him. It was time to finish it and go home. Alone. "You know what I think?"

He ran his fingers through her hair, his touch feather light. "No, but I think you'll tell me."

"I think..." She lifted her face to his, their lips no more than a breath apart. The desire to close the distance, to see if he was a good kisser or not, consumed her, but she stayed on target. "That you smell good."

And he did.

His fingers flexed on her and he moved in for the kiss. She pulled free and slid a finger in between their mouths, denying him the kiss he sought. He moved back and looked down at her in surprise, which then faded away into frustration. "What are you doing?"

She placed a hand on his shirt, curling her fist into the fabric and pulling him just a little bit closer. For a second, just a tiny second, she debated keeping him there. Debated forgetting about revenge, and instead getting a fabulous orgasm out of this man.

"I'm thinking," she flicked her tongue over his lips, "that next time you call a woman a stripper, you should be absolutely sure she is one first. Have a good night with your hand, sweetheart."

She shoved him back in the booth, stood up, and left. She couldn't resist stealing another look back at him. And what she saw shot little thrills of anticipation shooting up her spine, then back down to twist her stomach into knots.

He was looking at her like she'd just declared war on him...and he intended to win.

Chapter Three

"Oh, hell no," he muttered to himself. "She did not just do that."

He'd known she wanted him. Could see it in her eyes. But instead of kissing him, she decided to get revenge on him. If he weren't so damned turned on right now, he'd be impressed. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been shot down. But right now he had an issue to resolve-and his target was leaving the building as if her sweet little ass was on fire.

Mike practically leapt out of the booth and chased after Morgan. The little minx was good. Real good. If he hadn't seen the way she reacted to him, he would accept the play she'd just laid down and go home defeated. But he'd seen the desire in her eyes when they almost kissed. And when she grabbed his shirt, for a second she pulled him closer instead of pushing him away.

She wanted him as much as he wanted her-but she was running from the desire.

He, however, wasn't going to run from it. Hell, no. He craved more. Though he teased with his buddies and made himself sound like a manwhore, it had been almost six months since he'd gone home with a girl. Six months since he'd met someone who made him want to take her home. And now Morgan came along, stormed into his world, and decided to leave him hanging like that?

No f**king way.

He wasn't kidding about not wanting relationships-and he definitely wasn't kidding about his stoplight theory, either. He was a single man and proud of it. But he wasn't letting her get away with that move. Not tonight.

Tonight he saw green lights all the way.

When he caught up with her outside the bar, he grabbed her arm and spun her against the brick wall outside the door. People moved all around them, shoving their way down the crowded Strip, but he felt like she was the only one here with him. It was only the two of them and he wasn't letting go until she at least admitted she wanted him.

He pressed his body against hers, pinning her to the spot by placing an arm on either side of her body. She breathed heavily, her cheeks flushed a fetching pink, and glared up at him, challenging him without a word. Instead of trying to wriggle loose from his grip, she grabbed his shoulders so she held him in place, too.

His c**k hardened to painful extremes and he pushed against her. "My turn to tell you what I think," he said, breathing into her ear.

"Fine. Go ahead."

"I think you've gotten your little revenge and you liked it. You got me good. I'll admit it. I also deserved it." He rotated his hips against her soft belly and she swallowed a whimper. "But I also think you're a smart girl and you know if we go home together, you'll be a hell of a lot happier at the end of the night than you would be alone in your bed."

"Oh yeah?" She tilted her head back and he saw the challenge in her eyes. Man, she was a little spitfire. He liked it. "What makes you think I'd be alone? I hate to break it to you but you're not the only man in Vegas."

White-hot jealousy coursed through his blood. Ridiculous jealousy. But it was there, nonetheless. He wanted this woman to be his tonight. Not some other man's. "No, but I'm the only one who will make you feel like this."

He slid his thumbs under her chin to hold her in place and their mouths collided. The second their lips met, all hell broke loose. She shoved at his shoulders, and he stumbled backward. For a second, he feared he'd misread this woman. Feared he'd basically accosted a woman in the street-a woman who had no desire for him after all. He held his hands up, his heart dropping to his stomach.

"Look, I'm s-"

She flung herself at him. He winced, expecting her to sock him in the eye like he deserved. But instead, she wrapped her arms and long, lean legs around him, barely giving him time to catch her and hold her up. And then she kissed him. Everything felt right in the world again-including the woman in his arms. She belonged there and he wasn't letting her go any time soon.

Her tongue slid into his mouth, entwining with his, and she buried her hands in his hair, yanking him closer. The heels of her cowboy boots dug into his ass and her nails scraped his scalp. She seemed like the type of woman who would draw blood first and ask questions later.

And, damn, that was f**king hot.

He deepened the kiss, fighting to take back control, but she battled him. They grappled with each other until she ended up with her back against the building, her body draped around his, and her tongue in his mouth.

And him?

He practically came right then and there, just from a f**king kiss. She was that good. He tore his mouth from hers and she attempted to recapture it. When he lifted his face so she couldn't reach him, she bit down on his neck.

"Jesus Christ, woman." He drew in a rasping breath and shuddered. "Your place or mine? Mine's a ten minute taxi ride away."

"Mine's five." She hopped off of him as if she hadn't just been practically attacking him and lifted her arm. A taxi stopped immediately. "Let's go."

He never got the attention of a cabbie that fast.

Of course, he didn't look quite so amazing in a pair of short shorts and cowboy boots, either. Thank God for that. She opened the door and climbed inside. He followed her, half expecting her to slam the cab door in his face and laugh.

When she didn't, triumph filled him. He grinned and shut the door. She told the cabbie her address-who in turn gaped at her appreciatively long enough for Mike to seriously consider bloodying his nose-and they were off.

Glancing back to him, she must've seen his expression. She rolled her eyes and flopped back against the seat. "Don't ruin it by looking cocky or you'll be going home alone."

The hell he was. He grabbed her and pulled her up against him, running his fingers down her bare arms. She wore a long silver chain that dangled between her br**sts, and a blue tank top that just barely showed off her beaded bra thingy that dancers wore. He played with the rhinestone-encrusted strap, his touch feather light. She braced herself, but didn't move away. "No, I'm not. And neither are you."

She shivered when he traced the sliver chain, stopping at the swell of her br**sts. He traced the curve of her cle**age, not dipping inside her shirt but rather skimming along the neckline. When she bit down on her lower lip and arched her back, he could barely stop himself from claiming her mouth again. But he wouldn't give the cabbie a free show.

She was his tonight, and his alone.

She lifted her mouth to his, but he slid a finger in between their mouths like she had done to him earlier. She pulled back, her eyes narrow slits. "What game are you playing? I swear to God if we get back to my place and you leave me hanging..."

He grasped her hand, yanking her down against his cock. "Believe me, sweetheart, I'm not going anywhere."

"Then why not kiss me?"

"You're mine tonight." He shot a pointed glance at the cab driver. "I'm not touching you until we're alone and no one else can see you. No one else can hear your sighs and moans. They're all mine."

She dug her nails into his biceps, her cheeks red. "Then this cab better speed, because I'm not gonna wait much longer."

He traced the swell of her br**sts again. She was right. They were both on the edge.

Luckily, they made it to her place in record time. Mike tossed some cash at the cab driver-could have been a wad of twenties for all he knew-and followed Morgan up the stairs to her apartment. Her ass swayed in front of him as they climbed higher and higher. With each step they took, his lust for her climbed higher and higher, too. By the time they reached her door and she unlocked it, he was boiling over with need.

He entered her apartment, shut the door behind him and scanned the room. Everything was in perfect order. The colorful pillows perfectly arranged. The coffee table painstakingly dusted with an artful arrangement of candles and shells, of all things. He'd expected a messy, cluttered apartment out of her. Not this.

She spun to face him and grabbed the hem of her tank top. Without a word, she ripped it over her head. Her sparkling bra cradled her large br**sts to perfection and she ran her hand over her br**sts like he'd done earlier. "What do you think?"

"I think I'm ready to f**k you." He growled and slung her over his shoulder. "Which way to the bedroom?"

"Left," she said, laughing breathlessly. As she hung there, she fondled his butt and dug her nails into his jeans. Damn, even when she was in a submissive position the girl didn't give in. "Hurry up!"

He walked into her room and tossed her onto the meticulously made bed. She might be wild and free when it came to sex, but she obviously liked the rest of her life orderly and controlled.

Just like him.

He liked that about her more than he should have. Shutting off his annoying brain from analyzing her psyche, he fell on top of her and melded his mouth to hers. She moaned and wrapped her legs around his hips, surging up against him. His body begged to hurry up and bury himself inside of her, but he ignored the urge. This was not a time to rush. He deepened the kiss, slanting his mouth to hers so he could gain better access. Hell, she tasted good. Like whiskey sour and something sweet. She reached around him, grabbed on to the back of his shirt, and tugged.

He stopped kissing her long enough to rip the shirt over his head, then went back for more. She ran her hands all over his chest and looked at him through her lashes. When she licked her lips, he bit back a groan. The sight of her pink tongue darting out sent a fist of need straight to his stomach. He didn't think it was possible but his jeans had grown even tighter than they'd been before.

She caressed his abs. "Damn. If I knew you were hiding amazing pecs and a six pack under there, I would've climbed all over you in that booth and I wouldn't have cared who saw us."

"I would've cared."

"If you say so, Green Light." He laughed despite himself. She'd heard that? Before he could respond she said, "Take the rest off."

He slid off of her and began undoing his belt. He took his time, enjoying the way she watched him. When he unclasped the latch, he murmured. "I told you, I don't share."

She lifted up on her elbows, her gaze at c**k level. "Then hurry the hell up before I take matters into my own hands."

The thought of her pleasuring herself while he watched was tempting but it was for another time. Right now he would be the one doing the pleasuring. "Don't even think about it."

He ripped the belt open and undid his fly, and as he stepped out of his jeans, she trailed her hand down her own tight stomach. Fuck, he'd seen lots of women do that in his time, and they all did it because they thought it looked sexy. But with her, he had a feeling she didn't even know or care how damn sexy he thought she looked when she did it. She didn't have to try to be hot. She just was.

He pulled a condom out of his pocket before he dropped the jeans to the floor. Her eyes flitted to the foil in his hand, then back to his abs. "Take the boxers off, too."

He started to take them off but froze with his hands on his waistband. There she went again, calling all of the shots. "Uh-uh."

"Excuse me?" She blinked up at him. "Why the hell not?"

He pointed at her. "Your shorts go first, and then your panties." He cocked his head. "You can keep the boots."

She looked like she might argue but then she stood up, kicked off her boots-no doubt just to get under his skin-and slid her shorts down her long, perfect legs.

Holy f**k, she didn't have underwear on. If he'd known that, he would have forgotten all of his rules and buried his fingers inside of her in the cab. The driver wouldn't have had a clue. She was gloriously, beautifully naked minus the sparkling bra. The curve of her hips begged for his hands and so did the small patch of curls between her legs.

He took a stumbling step toward her but she sat down on the bed and held her leg out-resting her foot on his thigh and keeping him back. "Put my boots back on first."

Fuck yeah. He knelt at her feet and picked up the right boot. Before he slid it back into place, he kissed a trail up her calf to her knee. The higher he got, the more her leg trembled in his hands. By the time he slid her boot on, her fingers were in his hair and she was urging him higher, begging without words for him to continue up her leg and bury his face in her warmth.

He pulled away and picked up the other boot. This time he started at the top of her leg, just an inch or so above her knee. He nibbled at her soft skin and she moaned out loud. "You wanted me to wear them. So just put the damn boot on already."

He ignored her and worked his way over her knee, down her calf, to her ankle-which he bit gently. She cried out and scooted toward the edge of the bed. As if she could force him to do what she wanted if she just scooted a little bit closer.

He slid the boot into place and then leaned back on his haunches. "Now that's hot."

She held her hands out. "Get over here."

"Not yet."

"Why not?"

He didn't answer. Just crossed his arms.

She'd started this game and would find out what he planned to do soon enough.

Chapter Four

Morgan swallowed hard. He was shooting her the most powerful, darkly passionate look she'd ever seen in her whole life-a look that promised she would be whimpering with pleasure any minute-but he wasn't coming any closer.

Why?

She might be fairly freethinking when it came to sex but she didn't know what his game was. Had she made a mistake in bringing him here? Was it too late to call chicken and send him packing? Up until now, he'd been refreshingly alpha male in the face of her own thirst for control in bed. It had been a surprise she welcomed whole-heartedly.

But now...?

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Looking." He cocked a brow. Man, he liked to do that. "Am I not allowed to look?"

"I'd like you to do more than look."

His eyes lit up and he grinned. He trailed his fingers over her bare leg, inching higher. "Roll over."

"No way." She shook her head. "Not happening."

"Why not?"

"No."

He laughed lightly. "Never mind. Stay where you are. We'll save it for next time."

"Who said you're getting a next time?" She paused, overcome with a moment of panic. She wasn't interested in a relationship-long-term or short-term, unless short-term only meant one night. Certainly he didn't think...

She remembered his grandiose stoplight speech from the bar and relaxed.

No, this is temporary fun for both of us.

He nibbled on her thigh and she dropped her head back on the bed, closed her eyes and surrendered herself to his lips. In her haze of desire, she thought she might have heard him reply "me," but she wasn't sure. And she wasn't asking him to repeat himself, or he would be distracted from the delicious things he was doing to her leg.

As he inched higher, his hair teased her skin. When he nibbled on her hip, she spread her legs wider, allowing him better access. He scooted her lower on the bed, until her ass barely hung off the edge. Then, without any warning or teasing, his mouth was on her. His tongue was flicking her clit, sending a hard jolt of pleasure rocking through her.

He'd been going so slowly and teasingly-she'd been certain the torture would continue until she was ready to burst-so the onslaught of pleasure took her off guard. It was almost too much, too fast. She rocked her hips up, trying to break his hold over her. She wasn't ready. Hadn't prepared herself for...

Oh, God.

She burst into a million pieces, unable to believe that he had made her come within seconds of touching her. The way he acted indicated he would be good in bed, but there had been men who'd fallen short on that unspoken promise. Not Mike. No, he delivered and he delivered right away. She was still shaking when he crawled up her body and made quick work of her bra. When she was naked, he closed his mouth over her nipple, sucking it deeply in his mouth.

He didn't even give her a second to recover from the mind-shattering orgasm he'd given her. He went right back to work on blowing her mind...again. Bless him.

As he sucked the taut bud in his mouth, his fingers pushed into her. Her whole body tensed around him. Begged for his touch. He pressed his thumb against her sensitive clit and moved his fingers inside of her. Slowly at first, but then faster as she squirmed and moaned. He scraped his teeth against her nipple and she cried out before burying her hands in his hair. She yanked hard, making him release his hold on her.

"Now. I need you now." When he looked up at her, his gaze was so hot she was sure she'd burst into flames. She cringed at the begging tone of voice she used. Hated herself for it. But he'd reduced her to a mass of want and need and only he could fix it. Even she couldn't believe it when she added, "Please."

"Not yet." He thrust his fingers inside her again and she bit down hard on her lip. She refused to show him how much she liked what he was doing. He moved to her other breast and took it in his mouth.

This time she lost it. She practically shrieked at the pleasure he caused, her back arching into his and her hips rolling against his hand. "God, you're killing me."

He didn't answer. Just scraped his teeth against her nipple again, in complete and utter control over her body. She was the puppet and he was the puppet master.

It was time to take control back.

She shoved his shoulders as hard as she could and he fell onto the floor. He hadn't been expecting her to fight him. Good. The element of surprise had managed to land him flat on his ass. She fell to the floor in between his knees and claimed his mouth in a deep, punishing kiss. He groaned and started to push her away but she bit down on his lip and sucked. His hands on her hips stopped pushing and instead started pulling her closer.

His erection ground against her core, demanding release. Demanding her. She crawled down his body, licking her way down his pecs and killer abs. He really had the perfect physique. The type you saw on romance novel covers. Hell, his was even better. When she reached the waistband of his boxers, she cupped his penis through the soft cotton.

He groaned and rubbed against her. Then she slid her hand inside his boxers and closed her fingers over the long shaft, sliding her hand up his hard length. He hissed and arched into her hand, his abs flexing. She grew even wetter, watching the pleasure flitting over his face. He slammed his eyes shut and groaned.

"Boxers off," she commanded, her voice thick. She teased the head of his penis, squeezing gently, then let go. "Now."

He ripped off his boxers without arguing. She saw he wanted to fight to take charge but also wanted her to finish what she'd started. He wasn't in control anymore-he'd given in to the pleasure like she had.

Finally.

With no clothing barriers in her way, she immediately closed her mouth around him. He didn't have time to tell her no or try to get the upper hand. His entire body tensed and then he ground out, "Morgan."

She took as much of him in her mouth as she could, then she took a little more. As she took him deeper, she cupped his balls and tugged down, making him curse and grip her tighter. The muscles in his arms flexed and grew more pronounced, as if he held himself back from her with more force than she could ever imagine.

She flicked her tongue over the head of his penis, and with him still in her mouth, she murmured.

"Fuck. No more."

He ripped her off of him, tossed her up on the bed and slid the condom over his length. She watched him, aroused at the sight of his hands on his flesh. She could tell he was well endowed from their groping in the cab earlier, but hot damn he was huge. He yanked her ankle until she practically hung off the side of the bed, wrapped her legs around his waist, and claimed her lips.

With one quick thrust, he was buried inside of her. She screamed his name and clung to him, wanting more. He was holding himself back. "Please. I need you."

His jaw flexed, and his grip on her tightened. "I don't want to hurt you."

"You won't." She dug her boots into the skin of his butt. "Don't you dare hold out on me now."

He seemed to snap. To finally lose what little bit of self-control he'd held onto. He growled and slammed into her hard. Her body stretched to accommodate him and clenched with the pleasure. He did it again, harder, and she clawed at his back, probably drawing blood. He didn't seem to even notice. He increased his tempo, captured her mouth again, and lifted her butt higher.

She clung to him, letting him sweep her away. As the pressure increased, demanding release, she cried out his name and begged, "Please. I'm so close." He tilted his hips as he thrust inside of her and she burst. Everything seemed to disappear except the way he made her feel.

"Morgan," he ground out and then thrust into her three more times. He grunted and she felt him stiffen. His entire body went taut before he collapsed on top of her and buried his face in her neck.

Their unsteady breathing blended together, filling the otherwise silent room. He held her flush against his hard body, still buried deep inside of her. Now was the time she usually shoved the man away and thanked him for the fun, to separate the pleasure she could find in bed with a man from the reality of being an independent woman.

And she realized that for the first time ever, she didn't want to let go yet.

Eh, crap. She might be in over her head with Mike. In her defense, no other man had ever made her feel so damned good before, either. But the fact that she wasn't ready for him to leave was all the more reason he should. She released him and drew in a deep breath. All she smelled was hard, sexy man. "Well, that was fun."

He rose up on his elbows, a cocky grin on those magical lips of his. "Fun, huh?"

"Yeah." When he kissed the side of her neck, she pushed against his chest. "You should probably go now. I have to get up early in the morning."

He drew back, his eyebrows drawn together. "Excuse me? Are you kicking me out already?"

Was she?

"Yep."

"Wow. You're brutal." He gave a soft laugh and withdrew from her. He rose to his feet and crossed the room to her trashcan. With his back to her, he removed the condom. "I usually wait until the girl at least comes down from her high before kicking her out of bed."

She kicked off her boots, pulled back the bedcovers, climbed underneath and yanked them up to her chin, oddly modest and insecure now that he'd rocked her world. This was a new feeling to her, too. Since when did she get shy after amazing sex? This was ridiculous. She was naked in bed with a sheet up to her chin. "Yeah, well, I'm not you."

He shook his head, laughing again, and stepped into his boxers. As she watched him, she wondered if she'd kicked him out too soon. Maybe they could have had a bit more fun before he left. But then she remembered how content she'd been in his arms and she knew she had made the right choice. Besides, he didn't exactly look downtrodden over the fact that she'd booted him out. He didn't care and neither did she. Not really. She couldn't afford to grow attached to a man right now.

She had to focus on her career, not on the whims of a man.

He slid on his jeans, his intense blue-green eyes locked on her. "I'm not used to this. I'm usually the one doing the pushing away. I don't think I like it."

She rolled her eyes. "You like it fine. You just wanted to be the one to push first."

"And you didn't?" He yanked his shirt over his head and she watched those gorgeous abs until they disappeared under the material. "You don't think that's why you're telling me to go?"

No. Yes. Maybe. She pasted on a cool smile. "I'm just tired."

"Mmm hmm."

He clearly didn't believe her. And worse? She didn't believe herself, either. He stepped into his sneakers and pulled out his phone. "Can I have your number?"

She cocked her head, her whole body going weak and tingly. He wanted to see her again. Was that a good idea? No, probably not. "Why do you want it?"

"So I can never call you back." He laughed nervously. "Why do you think I want it?"

So he could come back, rock her world, and then leave again. The thought was tempting but she tried to avoid entanglements. The man always ended up wanting more than she was able to give. Always. At this point in her life, she was married to her career and was perfectly fine with that. "I think I'll pass."

His eyes darkened and he dropped his hands at his sides. "Really?" She heard the disbelief in his voice.

"Really." Already, he wanted more than she wanted. "But thanks."

He shrugged and shoved his phone back in his pocket. His actions were jerky, but when he looked up at her, his expression suggested he didn't give a damn. "Well, then, okay. It was a great night."

She swallowed hard and nodded. She hated the after-sex awkwardness. "'Bye. And can you lock up when you leave?"

He started for the door, then stopped mid-stride. Cursing, he spun back around and grabbed her. Hauling her out of the bed bare assed naked, he crushed his lips to hers. Immediately, desire curled in her belly, demanding more. Demanding satisfaction.

He twined his tongue with hers, his hands everywhere on her body. Then, without warning, she was back in the bed alone. Feeling bereft. And hating it.

But he was already out the door-and out of her life.

Collapsing back on the pillows, she heaved a sigh and closed her eyes. From now on, whenever she fantasized about a man in the dark, all alone in her bed...it would be Mike.

Always Mike.

Chapter Five

Three days later, Mike sat at his desk grading papers, the late afternoon sun casting a soft glow over his desk. He slashed through an incorrect answer with his red pen.

No, the War of 1812 was not fought against France, but rather Great Britain.

No, Thomas Jefferson's purchase of land from the French in 1812 wasn't called Jefferson's Deal, but rather the Louisiana Purchase.

But when he accidentally marked a correct reply as wrong, he set the pen down and rubbed his temples. Son of a bitch, he couldn't concentrate today worth a damn. Ever since Friday night, he could think of nothing but Morgan. The way she smelled. The way she tasted. Hell, the way she moaned when he was deep inside of her.

She wouldn't leave him the hell alone.

He should have been happy when she'd refused to give him her number. Now he didn't have to make excuses about why he didn't want a relationship with her. Didn't have to deal with the tears when he told her he couldn't see her again. Didn't have to deal with anything but the amazing, mind-blowing sex they'd shared the other night.

At first he had thought the reason he'd been upset about Morgan rejecting him was because she'd pushed him away first, like she'd claimed. But he suspected that might not be the case at all, and instead wondered if it was because he hadn't wanted her to push him away at all.

It was an insane thought deserving of immediate assassination.

A knock pulled him back to the present. Garrett popped his head in through the cracked door. "Hey, are you going to Brianna's casino tonight?"

His sister Brianna managed the Golden Hand and tonight they had some big huge show going on. It was part of the revitalization that her now-husband, Thomas, had orchestrated to bring new life to the casino. "Oh, f**k, that's tonight, isn't it?"

"Watch your mouth." Garrett shot him a look and closed the door. "It might be after four, but there are still some after-school activities going on."

Mike massaged his temples. "Sorry. It's been a rough day."

"Lucky for you, we have tomorrow off for parent-teacher conferences. When's your first appointment?"

"Eleven, so I'll get to sleep in. Thank God. I need it."

"I figured as much when you barely said a word at lunch." Garrett came to his side. "What's wrong, anyway?"

"Nothing." Mike forced a smile. "I'm just recovering from the other night."

"Ah." Garrett grinned. "You went home with her, didn't you? The girl you kept checking out."

"What girl?"

Garrett rolled his eyes. "I'm not blind, dude. I saw her."

Shit. He'd tried to hide his distraction Friday night. He had been there for Garrett's bachelor party, not to get laid. "Maybe."

"And you're tired and cranky because...?"

Because she wouldn't give me her f**king number. "No reason."

"Yeah, okay."

Mike pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yes. I'm going to the casino tonight. Why? You want a ride?"

Garrett opened his mouth, then closed it again. Mike could practically see him fighting back the questions. "A ride would be great. Kiersten's meeting me there after she drops Chris and Amy off at the sitter's, and my truck's in the shop."

Amy was their newborn baby. His niece already had Mike wrapped around her tiny little finger, as it should be. He could use a little bit of Amy time. "Maybe I should watch the kids instead. You guys could have a night out."

Garrett's jaw dropped. "Dude, what the f**k is wrong with you? Since when do you choose changing diapers over going to the casino?"

Since Morgan.

"I'm just tired."

"Oh well. Slap on your big boy panties and get the hell up. You're going."

Mike shook his head and stood. To argue now would make him appear even weaker than he felt. "Fine. But when you wanted to stay home and douche, I let you."

"No, you mocked me. And I wasn't staying home, I was with your sister. Who I was in love with." Garrett watched him a little too closely. "What's your excuse?"

"I don't have one." Mike shoved his chair in. "Let's get this over with. I need food first, though."

"You sound so excited."

"I told you, I'm tired. What the f**k do you expect from me? Pom-poms and a short skirt?"

A shit-eating grin spread across Garrett's face. "A guy could hope."

Mike flipped him off and headed for the door. He would go to support Brianna, but then he was going home to hit the rack early. And he certainly wouldn't be thinking about Morgan when he fell asleep.

Mike settled into the U-shaped VIP booth at the casino theater, surrounded by Thomas, Brianna, Kiersten, and Garrett. He sipped his beer and looked around. Even with the lights turned down low, he could see how much attention to detail Thomas's company had paid to the remodel. Gone was the outdated eighties carpet and in its place was an updated, contemporary feel. The wood floors and dark mahogany booths screamed of comfort and luxury. "Thomas, you did amazing work in here."

Thomas grinned. "I know. Brianna was a certifiable wreck the whole time we gutted the place but I knew it would be for the best. Just look at the turnaround already, and on the first night."

Brianna swatted his arm. "It's not my fault. You had some crazy ideas about this place. Brand new honeymoon suites that cost over a thousand dollars a night. Theater on site. Knocking out half the casino floor for it. It's crazy talk."

"I was crazy about you when I met you, too." He nuzzled her neck. "And look how well that worked out for us."

Brianna rolled her eyes but didn't push him away. Even though his brotherly urge was to punch his brother-in-law for pawing his sister, Mike smiled. He couldn't help it. He loved seeing how happy she was. First Brianna, and then Kiersten.

It made him all warmhearted and f**king mushy inside to think of his sisters being so damned happy. "Well, the space looks great."

"Yeah, it does." Kiersten reached across the table, her hair brushing the dark surface, and squeezed Brianna's hand. "Great job."

Garrett nodded, his arm thrown over Kiersten's shoulder. "Absolutely."

"Thanks." Brianna smiled at Thomas. "Wait till you see the show. It's amazing. We had to get a last minute replacement because one of the girls got sick, but she's great."

As if on cue, the curtains lifted. Within seconds, girls in beaded bras and feather skirts were on the stage. Beaded bras that reminded him of Morgan. Shit, there he went thinking about her again. He obviously needed another taste to get her out of his system. To get him in the red zone. Hell, even the girl in the middle made him think of...

Oh, f**k. That was Morgan.

She was on his sister's stage, kicking her legs up like a Rockette girl. She smiled the whole time she flitted across the stage.

And he couldn't stop watching her. She was amazing.

By the time the show ended, he was practically humming with sexual frustration. She'd kicked those perfect legs up for all to see. Shook her ass for all to see, too. Everyone in the damn room got to see what she no longer wanted Mike to have. Because of what?

Why had she pushed him away? Why wasn't he supposed to touch her anymore? Why couldn't he have her? Why didn't she want him as much as he wanted her? As the stage lights dimmed, she caught sight of him. Her eyes widened and her smile slipped for a fraction of a second, but just before she exited the stage, she shot him a cocky grin over her shoulder. And then she winked. Fucking winked at him. As if she knew how much it tortured him to see her up there.

Fuck that.

After making some half-assed excuse about having to go to the bathroom, he excused himself from his family. He pushed past the security guard and flashed the VIP badge Brianna had given him to get backstage. He followed the sound of feminine laughter and found Morgan in a room filled with babbling women.

All of them stopped talking and stared at him when he opened the door, but Mike barely noticed their attention. His eyes were on one girl and one only-and she was alone with no one by her side. He could be by her side. He could be her person.

He crooked his finger at her. She gave him a dirty look and shook her head. He raised a brow and crooked his finger again, and then pointed to the floor in front of his feet. If that didn't piss her off enough to make her come over, nothing would. She hesitated, but then she stood.

Crossing the room, she put her hand on her curvy hip and glowered at him, her blue eyes spitting flames of fire. She'd changed into a pair of shorts and a soft pink top. "What do you want?" she hissed.

He held out his hand. "Come with me."

A look of desire flitted across her features but she seemed to try to press it down. To ignore it. He wished her luck with that. He'd been trying to tamp down his longing for her ever since Friday night and he'd been failing miserably.

"No," she answered firmly.

He wiggled the fingers on his outstretched hand. "Yes."

She disregarded his hand and shook her head. "I'm not some puppy you can call to your side when you want me. Go back to your seat."

"After watching you up there all night, shaking your ass at me?" He hauled her close, not even caring that at least ten sets of curious eyes were on them. "Not. Happening."

She shoved at his chest. "Lots of guys get horny watching women dance. Go find someone else to scratch your itch."

"It has to be you," he said simply. And for some odd reason...it was true. He paused. "Please, Morgan."

And the steam left her. She rested her hands on his chest, no longer pushing him away. "You know a place we can talk privately?"

He didn't answer, just grabbed her hand and led her out of the crowded room. She clung to him, following him as he led her to the back office that was reserved for management. Brianna had shown it to him earlier. When he found it, he pushed her inside the shadowed room and locked the door.

She crossed her arms. "I thought we were both very clear about what we wanted from each other the other night."

"We were."

"Then why are you here?"

Good question. One he didn't want to answer, so he only brushed the surface of it. "I came to see the show. I had no idea you were in it."

"That's not what I mean and you know it."

"I don't know what to tell you." He lifted a shoulder. "I wanted to see you again, and now here I am."

He saw her eyes go soft in the dim light, but then she pressed her lips together and shook her head. "Well, you saw me. Now I'm leaving."

She brushed by him and he caught hold of her elbow. Without giving her a chance to shove him away again, she was in his arms and his mouth was on hers. And she didn't fight him or herself. No, she kissed him back as if she'd missed him as much as he'd missed her.

Shit, he'd forgotten how f**king amazing she tasted. If anything, she tasted even better than the memories. He'd sampled what she could do with that exquisite mouth a few nights ago, but tonight she seemed more determined than before. Determined to make him break.

And damned if he wouldn't do that for her.

He buried his hands in her hair, loosening the strands from the fancy up-do she'd styled it in for the show. He tried to stay still, to hold himself back from her, but she dug her hands into his back and pulled him closer. He groaned and rocked his hips against her, devouring her mouth. Shit, he was a dead man. All it took was a couple flicks of her tongue and he was lost.

Finally, she jerked away from him and he collapsed against the wall. She swallowed and pressed her fingers to her swollen lips. "I...I have to go. It was nice seeing you again."

With a twitch of her ass, she was gone.

And damned if he wasn't going to chase after her...again.

Chapter Six

Morgan took a shaky breath and swiped her hair off her face. Okay, maybe that had been a bad idea. Kissing him again, then running. But he brought feelings out in her she didn't like. And the best way to avoid those feelings was to avoid him. She couldn't afford the distraction he was already proving to be. Just today, she'd gotten a callback for that audition she'd gone on Friday-the one she'd thought she'd blown. They wanted to see her again.

They actually wanted to see her again.

She'd tried out for a part in the touring Chicago musical and she hadn't dared to dream they might like her. But they did. This was the first time in a long period she'd gotten a chance at a big break like this. Then again, that's how performance work went-job opportunities were either feast or famine-especially since she was no longer in her late teens and early twenties.

At twenty-five she was hardly old, but in dancing years she was starting to get on up there. Now was the time to seek out every opportunity and jump at the chance when it was offered.

Heck, even tonight she had filled in for someone else. She bartended at the Golden Hand sometimes when she needed the extra cash and Brianna knew she could dance. When Brianna had called and asked her to fill in, she'd leapt at the chance.

But Mike had been sitting with Brianna in the booth with the rest of her friends and family...so that meant Brianna knew Mike somehow. How? She had no idea. But she knew one thing.

This had trouble written all over it.

After thinking things through, she went out to the bar and sat down. Her bartender buddy Hugh came over. They worked together fairly frequently and he'd always been nice to her. "You drinking tonight?"

"Yeah. Definitely."

"You looked amazing up there," Hugh said with a small smile. "Really good."

"Thanks." Her cheeks heated up and she shifted on the stool.

"What'll it be tonight?"

She nodded to the shelf behind him. "Make it vodka."

"Make that two." Mike slid onto the barstool next to her, his mouth taut. "Why do you keep running away from me?"

Because he scared her. Because he was the kind of man she could lose herself in. "Why do you keep chasing me?"

"Damned if I f**king know."

"Fair enough." The shots came, and she held hers up. "To constantly chasing women who don't want to get caught?"

His eyes darkened, and he leaned in to croon, "To catching you-which I will do. And you'll like it."

Her heart stumbled at the utter certainty in his words. She didn't doubt he could do exactly that with another woman-catch her. But he didn't realize how much she didn't want to get caught. She'd played the cat-and-mouse game in the past...even had allowed herself to get caught once or twice by men who'd insisted they weren't threatened by her profession...but the outcome had always been the same: choosing between the guy and her dancing.

As if there was a choice.

There was a finite amount of time in a dancer's career. After a certain age, the parts dried up. That meant she only had a few more years until her stage career was over. Kaput. The end.

She wasn't going to give up her one and only dream just because some man didn't want to worry about her late performance hours and grueling rehearsal schedules. And Mike certainly didn't seem like the type who would be willing to share a woman's attention.

"I don't think you'll catch me, Mike. In case you haven't noticed, I'm not the kind of person who slows down enough to get caught."

"Neither am I." He trailed a finger down her arm, starting at her shoulder and working his way down to her wrist. "But with you, I just might let myself for a little while."

A little while...

Okay, he won her over with those three little words-the only three words she could handle hearing at this point in her life. They could have one more night together before they parted ways for good. The itch could be scratched but her heart would be safe before she got in too deep. "Fine. You got me. You can have me all night and I won't leave your side till morning."

They tossed the shots back. Mike gripped the shot glass and stole a quick glance at her. "Deal. But there's something you should know."

"Okay." Here it goes.

This was the part of the date when he'd give her some spiel about how he wanted her to settle down with him. To give up dancing and immediately start having his babies. Trade her cowboy boots for pink pumps.

So not going to happen.

She held her breath, waiting to see what he wanted to tell her-already plotting out her escape route. Looked like the bathroom might be the closest door, but then she'd be trapped.

He rubbed his jaw. "I don't normally have this talk until after the first couple of dates, but I want to be up front with you right away, because you're different to me for some reason."

Ugh, she'd thought he was different. "Look-"

"Wait." He held a hand up as if he was worried she would start babbling or something. "Don't read into that. It's nothing. All you need to know is I'm not looking for a relationship. Not looking for anyone to try and tie me down. It's not you-it's me. I just don't want to get married. Ever."

The breath she'd been holding whooshed from her lungs.

Oh. My. God.

...

Mike braced himself for the tears. Or the babbling. Maybe both. Of course, she could always just get up and walk away from him, taking that sweet body with her. Why had he decided to tell her his stance on marriage so soon? They were still in the green zone. Not even close to the yellow zone.

Why did he have to go and f**k everything up?

She opened her mouth, her face a little bit red, and he braced himself. Oh, God, it's going to be tears. Then she...laughed.

She f**king laughed.

"Oh my God." She clutched her stomach and laughed even harder. So hard he thought she might fall off the barstool. "This is priceless."

He arched a brow and grabbed her-just in case she toppled over. "I've never had a girl laugh at my speech before."

She swiped at the tears in her eyes, but they weren't tears of sorrow.

It was a first for Mike.

"Thank God."

He stiffened. "What the...?"

"I don't want to get married either. I'm already married...to dancing. And men are always begging me for more." She looked at him, her bright blue eyes shining. "You have no idea how nice it is to not have to give this speech myself. Why do you think I keep leaving you? It's because I'm worried you're going to ask for more."

"Never," he said out loud. But inside? He didn't have a clue what was going on. Why didn't this make him happy? Knowing she wasn't husband hunting should be a good thing but he felt hollow inside. "I don't want that any more than you do."

"I know!" She sidled into his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. His heart did a weird stumble at her brilliant smile. "And now I'm all yours. No more running. I can just have fun without worrying you'll fall in love and want babies."

"Babies?" A vision of little redheaded babies with bright blue eyes flashed before him. Why didn't that make him panic? What the f**k? "Hell no."

She wriggled her ass against his cock. "Thank freaking God for that."

"Yeah." He wrapped his arms around her and smiled, despite his inner turmoil. He'd delve into his state of mind at a later date. A much later date. Maybe once he was six feet under. There'd be plenty of time for thinking when he was dead. And he was quite certain this woman might kill him. "Then let's do a few more shots and hit the town, Vegas style."

She shrugged. "Why not? I'm celebrating anyway."

Mike motioned the bartender over and then turned his attention back to Morgan. Her sapphire eyes glowed with excitement. Who would have thought his telling her he didn't want to be with her forever would make her so f**king happy? And who would've thought that her being so f**king happy would make him so f**king mad? "Why are we celebrating?" he barked, the words coming out harsher than he intended.

Ignoring him, she smiled at the bartender-who had just placed their drinks on the bar in front of them-a bit too warmly for his liking. Some country song twanging all about protecting your woman from ass**le losers came out of the speakers. For once, he could identify with the damn song. "Thanks, Hugh. You working with me tomorrow night?"

"Yep." Hugh said, cleaning the bar directly in front of Morgan with a white rag. The bar looked perfectly clean to Mike. "Wanna ride home with me again?"

"Sure, if you-"

"I'll get you," Mike said quickly. When Hugh shot him a dark look, Mike leveled a back off or die stare at the fool. Then he smiled at Morgan, letting his left hand skim over her lower back. "I'll be here to see Brianna anyway."

"Uh, sure." She shot him a weird look and pulled away from his hold. She tried to hop off of his lap but he gripped her hips too tightly. "Thanks."

"Yeah, thanks." Hugh gave him one last look and then stomped away.

"No problem." He picked up the shot glass and tried to ignore his motivations for offering her a ride. It wasn't because he didn't want her alone with Hugh. It was so he could get laid. That was all.

Morgan traced the wood particles engrained in the bar top. "So...why are you coming tomorrow? And what is Brianna to you?"

Was that a hint of jealousy he detected in her voice? Nah. Couldn't be. "She's my sister."

"Oh." She relaxed against his chest again. "I didn't know you were her brother. You're the oldest, right?"

"Right. One other sister...living, that is."

"Yeah, Brianna had mentioned that she had a sister who was killed in a car wreck about thirteen or fourteen years ago. Your other sister took in her baby, right?"

"Right." Kiersten had done a fantastic job raising Chris.

She hugged him, her sweet fragrance washing over him. Calming him. He held her close and wanted to punch himself for the feelings sweeping through him. Since when did he want comfort from a woman? "I'm sorry. And I know about Brianna's husband, too. Well, the first one. But now she's married again and so happy. So in love."

He didn't know what to say to that. Brianna definitely loved Thomas. So much that sometimes, on a rare occasion, Mike wondered if he was being an idiot to avoid love. Then he remembered he wasn't and went back to his ways. As he damn well should anytime the thought of settling down occurred.

Morgan didn't seem to notice his silence. "Isn't your other sister getting married soon?"

"Yeah. To my best friend." He played with her hair. He liked the way it curled over his fingers. "That's the party I was at when we met."

"You mean the night you stole my seat and called me a stripper?"

"We took an empty booth-and I made a mistake." He shrugged. "But yeah. That night."

She rolled her eyes but ruined the effect by grinning. "I'd argue more but I'm in too good of a mood."

"All because I don't want a relationship?" His heart did an odd little twist. "That makes you so damned happy?"

"Don't be so conceited. I'm not happy because of you." She spun her empty shot glass on the bar. "I'm happy because I got a callback."

A callback. That must be a dancing thing. "A callback, huh? That's exciting. What's the part?"

"It's Chicago." She practically bounced up and down on his lap, which did amazing things to his cock. "Freaking Chicago, Mike!"

He smiled. He had no idea what significance the city in Illinois played on her audition, but she seemed awfully excited about it. "Is it in Chicago?"

"No." She rolled her eyes and laughed lightly. "Chicago is a play. A musical, actually."

He released a breath he'd been holding. He vaguely remembered seeing a trailer about a movie called Chicago. He hadn't realized it was a play, too. "Oh. I didn't know they were opening a show here in Vegas."

"Well, it might stop here, and maybe in Chicago, too. But it's the national touring company. I'd get to move all over the US, dancing and singing my heart out all across the country." She held her shot glass up to Hugh, and pointed at it. The girl wasn't kidding about celebrating. "Can you imagine it? Me, in Chicago? They're considering me for the chorus with an opportunity to understudy the Velma Kelly role." A look of annoyance crossed her features and she muttered, "Which is probably going to a nineteen-year-old."

He could imagine it, even though he didn't have a clue what type of show Chicago was. And for some reason, he didn't like her leaving him. "That's awesome. Congrats."

"Thanks." She shot him a confused look. "You okay?"

He wasn't sure. These feelings she brought out in him scared him. But he wouldn't tell her that. If he even gave her a hint of what he was feeling for her, she would run faster than the Energizer Bunny on crack. Instead he twirled her around in his arms so that she faced him and planted a deep kiss on her lips. And if she clung to him breathlessly when he pulled away...then who could blame him if he grinned?

"Fucking fabulous. We're going to get drunk and paint the town red."

"Yes." She hopped off his lap and wiggled her hands, doing a cute little dance. The look in her eyes made his heart do weird things. Like melt and go all soft. "With jazz hands!"

He blinked at her. "I have no idea what they are or what you just did-but sure. Wiggle around all you want."

She threw her head back and let out a rich, hearty laugh. He'd never seen her look so damn...carefree. "First, we do our shots. Then we dance."

Yeah. He didn't dance. But he could watch her dance all night if she wanted. He reached around her and picked up their drinks. Hugh, the bartender, watched them closely. Too closely. "Ready?"

They lifted their shots and emptied them. Already, Mike-who'd been drinking beer ever since he reached the casino-was feeling the effects of the shots hit him. Morgan was a little bit blurry, the bar was a little bit louder, and the music a little bit too inviting. He stood and grabbed Morgan's hand, tugging her behind him toward the elevator. She wore those brown cowboy boots again. He never had a thing for boots...until now.

She squealed. "Slow down! Where are we going?" she called out, craning her neck to see him.

He kept right on going, heading for the elevator. After seeing Morgan onstage, he'd reserved the honeymoon suite for tonight. Having a sister high up in the casino's administration had a few perks-one of which included a free room. A room he had every intention of breaking in tonight.

Not that Brianna had known he would be choosing the honeymoon suite when she'd given him his room voucher.

"Can't you just trust that I've got something incredible planned for us?"

She fell against him, no longer fighting to be free. "But I wanted to dance first."

"We'll dance after."

The elevator door opened and they stepped inside. He immediately captured her lips in a heated kiss. He noticed that an older couple watched them with wide eyes. He grinned at them.

Once the older couple exited the elevator, they were alone. "Fucking...and then dancing," he whispered against her lips.

"Fine." She lowered her arms down his back and caressed his abs through his shirt before slipping her hand between his legs to stroke his cock. Her light touch sent a fist of desire to his stomach. A glint burned in her blue eyes. "But I'm on top this time."

Fuck yeah.

Chapter Seven

The next morning, Morgan opened her eyes but then quickly slammed them shut again. Holy Mother of God, the sun was trying to kill her. Trying to make her head implode or something. She groaned and rolled the other way...but came up against a hard, fully clothed male chest. And she was definitely dressed, too. Complete with her boots. Cautiously, she peeked out of her lashes and checked out the man.

Oh. Right. Mike.

Wait. Didn't he have to work or something? She should probably wake him up. "Mike? Do you need to go to work today?"

"Not till eleven," he grunted, not moving.

Lifting her head took considerable effort but she managed to get it high enough to glance at the clock. It was only seven-thirty. They had time. She snuggled closer and he wrapped his arms around her. Okay. This wasn't so bad. She could work with this. The hangover would pass if she slept a little bit more...

Mike groaned and lifted his hand to his head. "Fuck me. Did we drink the whole bar last night?"

Morgan sighed and gazed up at him. Hot damn, he even looked hot when hung over. She probably looked like a freaking zombie, and maybe smelled even worse, but he looked like he just walked out of a GQ magazine. She slowly sat up and hugged her knees, ducking her head and swiping her hands under her eyes, feeling mascara crusted around her lashes. "Maybe. I feel like we did."

"Hm." He played with her hair, his fingers lightly sliding against her back. She liked it when he played with her hair, which was odd since she usually didn't like men touching her idly. "I don't remember anything after we had sex on the balcony."

Oh my God. Just the memories of that made her insides go all weak. "Me either. We may have gone back down to dance."

"Yeah." He sat up and massaged his temples. "I think I'm going to go shower. That might help me feel more alive."

Now that sounded like a good idea. "I might join you."

He stood up and held his hand out, his eyes flashing with a promise of what would come if she did. "Please do."

She slid her hand into his, but the clinking of metal on metal caught her attention. She froze, and so did he. They both looked at each other, wide gazes latched. She didn't move. Didn't even breathe. As if breathing might make it more real. As if the bands circling their fingers would just fade away if she didn't move. "Oh, please no."

His grip on her tightened and he didn't move either. "What the hell was that noise?"

She licked her parched lips. "It sounded like rings."

"On our left hands? Why the f**k would we be wearing rings on our left hands?"

Nausea swept over her, hard and strong and unforgiving. "Uh, if we were married..."

"No." He paled, and maybe even turned a little bit green. Her heart sped up at the panic in his eyes, feeding her own. "We couldn't have. We didn't have a license. And it was late at night. We couldn't have."

"You already said that."

He let out a strangled sound. "But it's true. Right? You can't get married unless you do it right, and the courthouse isn't open at midnight."

She closed her eyes, a fuzzy memory flashing back. Of Mike calling one of his buddies. "Oh. My. God."

"What?" His fingers tensed on hers. "What do you remember?"

She stared back at him and he still looked like he was about to run for it. Heck, so was she. "Your cop friend pulled some strings for us. He had a buddy in the system or something. I vaguely remember it now. He thought it was funny. So did we."

Mike dropped her hand-more like threw it back at her-and stumbled backwards. "No. No no no."

"Yes."

He looked down at his hand, his eyes wide. Sure enough, a silver or white gold band circled the ring finger of his left hand. "Fuck."

"Yeah." Morgan looked down at his hand, the same sinking sensation hitting her just as it was probably hitting him. "What the hell were we thinking? No, what were you thinking?"

"Me?" he practically shouted. "This wasn't my doing."

"It has to be. I wouldn't do this. No way. No how." She crossed her arms. "So why did you ask me to marry you? What were you thinking?"

He spun on her, a glare scalding her skin. "You're out of your mind."

"No, you are if you think this was my idea." Anger took over her and she welcomed it. It was better than the nauseating dread and helplessness she'd been feeling seconds ago. She leapt to her feet and shoved his shoulders as hard as she could. He didn't even budge. Of course. "Why did you take advantage of me when I was drunk?"

"I can't believe this." He dragged his hands down his face and she couldn't look away from his wedding ring. She knew she wore one, too, but she refused to look at it. Maybe if she didn't, it would just go away. "You're accusing me of doing this? I didn't ask you. You must've asked me."

She laughed. "As if. The last thing I'd want to do is marry you."

"Gee. Thanks for the loving words, wife." He threw his hands in the air. "But in case you forgot our little talk last night, I didn't want to get married, either. Ever."

"Well, I didn't ask you."

"And I didn't ask you," he snarled. His jaw ticked. "I wouldn't have."

She glared up at him, not saying another word. What more was there to say? Without proof, they would never know...

She snapped her fingers. "I've got it."

"Got what?" he snapped.

"Call your buddy. Ask him who did the proposing."

He gave a curt nod, his jaw ticking again. "Fine. But first, we'll shower and brush our teeth."

"Why?"

"Because I have to be at work in a few hours and I smell like a f**king bottle of vodka." He eyed her. "So do you."

And she probably did, too. Even though she wanted to get to the bottom of this, a shower would help clear her head. It's where they'd been heading before the whole world exploded. "Fine. But no sex."

"Wow." He headed for the bathroom. "You sound like a wife already. Didn't take you long to slip into that role."

"Oh, shut up already. You're giving me a headache."

He threw his hands up. "It's official. I'm married."

She flipped him off and followed him into the bathroom. The whole time they brushed their teeth with the honeymoon suite's complementary toothbrushes and showered, she remained silent. A couple of times he tried to strike up a conversation but she refused to engage in pointless chitchat. She was too busy trying to figure out what the hell had happened last night.

How could she have gotten married?

Even as a little girl, she'd known what she wanted out of life. What could have possibly happened to make her change her mind? Sure, she'd been drunk...but she'd been drunk plenty of times. She'd never gotten married because of it. Why had she married Mike? What made him so freaking different that she forgot all her goals in life? Her career. Her independence. Her desire to travel the world.

None of those dreams included a husband.

She shrugged into a robe and plopped down on the bed. He strode out of the bathroom, completely naked and looking far too irresistible for her sanity. Their gazes connected and she couldn't look away.

This couldn't be happening.

"You ready to be proven wrong?" she asked, choosing the fight portion of the fight-or-flight survival tactic. She was never one to run away when she was about to be proven right.

"Now she speaks?" He shook his head like a dog, sending splatters of water her way. One hit her on the nose and trailed down. "I'm never wrong, wife."

Wife. That word sent a weird thrill chasing up her spine. She wiped the back of her hand across her nose. "Stop calling me that."

"Why?"

"I'm not your wife."

"This says you are." He grabbed her hand and held her ring in front of her face. It was the first time she saw it. Part of her hoped it would be hideous and gaudy. Something she hated. But she loved it. The simplicity of the white gold and the small spattering of diamonds was exactly what she would've picked. Probably because she had chosen it. Damn it. "And I'm sure we have a marriage license lying around here somewhere that further proves our married status."

She lifted a shoulder. "We'll get it annulled."

"I don't think that's possible." He cocked a brow. "Do you really think we didn't consummate the marriage?"

Her cheeks heated. Judging from the soreness in between her thighs...they probably had. "Does it matter?"

"Hell yeah it does."

"Wait a second...we were both dressed." Her heart leapt at the thought. "We weren't naked. I bet we came back and fell asleep. That's our out. That's how we cancel this without a divorce. Thank God."

Something flashed in his eyes. "Maybe."

"What?" She looked back at him, and his eyes were shuttered. "What do you mean, maybe? It's the only way to fix this mess."

"Maybe," he said again, his voice hard. He picked up his cell, punched in a phone number, and then raised it to his ear. "Hello?" He was silent for a little while, and she fidgeted. "Yeah, thanks so much for that." Another pause. "Hell no." He rolled his eyes, and she stiffened. "What do you think?"

"That's it." She couldn't take this one-sided conversation anymore. It was killing her not knowing what was going on. She yanked at his arm but he didn't sit down next to her. "Put it on speakerphone."

He ignored her. "That's what I'd like to know."

She snatched the phone out of his hand and bolted across the room. She put it on speakerphone just in time to catch Mike's friend saying, "...wanted to."

"You're on speakerphone," Morgan said, holding the phone out between her and Mike. Mike crossed the room, still naked, and scowled at her. "What's your name again?"

"Alistair, but you can call me Al," a male voice said. "Nice to talk to you again, Morgan."

"Uh, yeah. Right back atcha." Not that she remembered meeting him at all. Morgan pursed her lips. "Now, tell us who asked who to get married. And even more importantly, is this a legal marriage?"

Al clucked his tongue. "Well...yeah. It's legal. You both wanted to make sure it held up under the laws."

Mike groaned and sank to the bed, his forehead on his hand. "Just f**king great. Did it ever occur to you to try and stop me?"

"I tried." Al laughed. "You were quite adamant that you marry Morgan. I even have it filmed to prove it."

"See?" Morgan's grip tightened on the phone, triumph going straight to her head and making the room spin. "I told you that you asked me."

Mike scowled at her. "Fuck that."

"I knew I wouldn't have wanted to-"

Al cleared his throat. "Uh, actually? You asked him. But he said yes right away."

The phone dropped from her hand, hitting the plush carpet. "No."

"Wait." Mike leapt to his feet, his eyes glowing and his face flushed. "She asked me?"

"Yeah." Al's voice was muffled from the carpet. "She did. But you enthusiastically said yes. Said it was the best idea ever because you two were the same."

"Nice to know I'm right. It's a great way to start our marriage." Mike, of course, ignored that last part about him enthusiastically agreeing to the idea. "Thanks."

"I have a DVD for you at my place. It's from the wedding," Al said.

Mike shuddered at the word wedding. Actually shuddered. "Yeah. Burn it."

"But-?"

"Bye." Mike hung up. Morgan swallowed hard and met his eyes. He stared at her with a burning, possessive heat she could never describe in a million years. "So...?"

She lifted her chin. She refused to back down or admit she was wrong. "Just because he says I asked doesn't mean I did."

"Why would he lie?" He took a step toward her. "What possible reason could he have to do that?"

"I don't know. Maybe because he's your buddy?" She shrugged, forcing herself to ignore the fact that he was creeping closer. "Some form of bro-code or something?"

"He didn't lie. He never does." He stopped directly in front of her. Since she was sitting and he was standing, she was eye-level with his penis. His large, very hard penis. "And neither do I."

"Whatever." She licked her lips. "Can you please put some clothes on?"

He picked up a piece of her hair, playing with the damp curl. "No."

"Why not?"

"I'll get dressed if..." He trailed off and cupped her chin, tilting her face up toward him.

All sorts of dirty images flashed before her eyes. Images of him demanding sexual favors in return for him clothing himself. And if that's what he wanted, then hell yeah, she was up for that. When he didn't finish the sentence, she asked, "If what?"

He leaned down and nuzzled her neck. She clung to his arms, his muscles bunching under her fingers. "If you admit you asked me to marry you. That you wanted to marry me."

Chapter Eight

Mike nibbled on the side of Morgan's neck, waiting to see what she would do. Would she flip out and yell at him? Punch him? Curse him out? Probably all of the above. He tensed, waiting. Watching.

But he refused to take the blame for something that was quite obviously her idea. He wouldn't have come up with the plan to get married. He wouldn't have thought it was such a great f**king idea, if not for her. She'd changed everything. It was all her fault he was here with a band around his finger.

And she'd damn well admit as much before he let her go.

She'd wanted to marry him, and for some god-awful reason unknown to man, he'd said yes. Now, he was shackled to a woman he couldn't get the hell out of his mind. He needed to run for it before she somehow convinced him to stay here with her. But first...he refused to let her write him off. She'd married him for a reason-and he'd married her for one, too.

He just didn't know that reason yet, and he wasn't sure he ever wanted to.

She curled her hands into fists on her thighs. "Never."

That's it? Just a simple word? "I won't give you an annulment until you admit it was your idea. Until you stop blaming me for this."

She glared up at him, somehow making it appear that she was looking down at him, instead of the other way around. "Then I guess we'll have to live happily ever after, because I don't believe it."

"Fine by me." He said it in a smug way but the idea didn't sound too scary. His throat should have been threatening to close up on him from the mere thought, but he didn't leave. Didn't even want to leave. What. The. Fuck? "I could handle that."

She pointed at him. "See? You're the one who wants to be married to me. If you didn't, you'd be panicking right now. Just like I am."

"Of course I'm panicking." He lowered himself onto her, making her lie back on the bed. She flopped down without a struggle but her eyes had all the fight in them. "I have a surefire way to forget all about that."

"Are you still drunk?" She put her hands on his chest, holding him back. "Not happening, husband."

Something about that word on her lips just felt right, despite the sneer in her tone. Shit. Maybe he was still drunk. It would explain why he was still here, with his wife. But he didn't want to think about that right now.

Instead he pressed his body to hers, his c**k nestled in between her legs. Reaching between their bodies, he tugged at her robe. "Liar."

Her lips parted in surprise. "Am not!"

"Are too." He lowered his face until their lips were a breath apart. "Tell me you asked me to marry you and I'll leave. I'll let you go and give you the annulment you so desperately want. But you have to say it first."

Her nails dug into his skin, stinging. "And if I won't?"

He nibbled on her lower lip and she whimpered. That small sound did weird things to him. Made his whole body strain for more. "Then I'm f**king my wife in my honeymoon suite in my bed until she can't remember why she refused to admit she wanted me in the first place."

"I'm not your wife," she said, her voice little more than a breathy whisper. "And I refuse to say it."

He closed his mouth over hers, his tongue immediately seeking hers. As soon as they touched, all of the stiffness left her body. Groaning, he ran his fingers up her side, ripping the robe open. She arched her back, begging him without words to take her. To make her his. She might not want to admit it out loud, but she clearly wanted to be here.

Wanted him.

He spread her robe wide. She clung to him, her eyes closed and her breathing heavy. He nibbled at her neck, then moved lower. Left a trail of kisses down her shoulder and over her breast. He didn't stop until he took her nipple in his mouth, sucking deeply. She cried out, her nails raking over his skin. He was filled with the need to make her want him as much as he wanted her. Inside of the bedroom and out of it.

He had no intention of falling in love with her-after all, love may have worked out for Brianna and Kiersten, but it had been a disaster for his other sister and his parents-still, he knew he liked having her around. Despite himself, he liked Morgan. Liked her independence, her confidence, her commitment to her dancing, her sense of humor. And after they fixed this crapshoot of a marriage, then he wouldn't mind seeing her again. Stupidity or not. He knew he should be seeing yellow lights right now. Maybe even red.

But to him-the world was green.

He scraped his teeth against her nipple again. "Mike," she moaned, digging her fingers in his hair.

Desire shot through him, heating his blood, and he slid his fingers in between her legs. He cupped her mound, slipping his fingers inside of her. She was wet and ready. And, damn it, so was he. He moved his fingers inside of her, rubbing his thumb against her clit. She cried out and pumped her hips up, rotating them desperately.

Standing up, he grabbed one of the many condoms sitting on the nightstand and rolled one on. Next, he slid down her body, leaving little love nips as he went. She tasted so damn good. He'd never get enough of her. Okay, that thought may have made the light go red for a minute. But he knew what he was doing. He wasn't going to fall for her. He knew better.

By the time he reached the top of her thigh, she cried out. Moving in a little bit, he thrust two fingers inside of her and flicked her clit with his tongue. Her muscles squeezed down on his fingers, begging for more. Looking up at her, he traced a finger over her sensitive flesh. "Say you want me."

She gripped the sheets with white knuckles. "What? Are you insane?"

"No." He swirled his tongue over her again, sucking gently. She tensed, her whole body straining for release. His own need demanded he stop this game. Demanded he bury himself inside of her and f**k her until she couldn't walk straight. But he pulled back again, stilling his fingers inside of her. "Tell me."

"Please," she panted, her cheeks flushed. "Stop talking."

"After you admit it." His mouth dried out. If his plan backfired, then he would kick himself in the f**king nuts. If she told him to f**k off, he would die. "Tell me you want me."

"Just take me," she said, her arms open to him.

And he wanted to. Fuck, he wanted to. "Say it. Say you need me as much as I need you."

She squeezed her eyes closed. "Why?"

"I-I need to hear it."

And he did. But...why?

She seemed to sense how important this was to him. How much he needed this right now. And for once? She didn't fight him. "I need you. I need you right now."

And then, within seconds, he was on his knees, and he was pleasuring her with his mouth. Her legs tightened around his head, squeezing tight. He swirled his tongue around her clit, sucking and scraping and licking. Her cries got louder and harder, her hips moved faster and more demandingly.

She froze, her whole body tight and tense. When she collapsed against the mattress, he positioned himself at her entry, rubbing the tip of his c**k against her clit. She cried out and convulsed again.

When he shoved into her, she was still quivering from her climax. And her inner muscles squeezed him tight, drawing him in deeper. He'd always prided himself on being able to last for hours. Being able to make a woman come all f**king night. He could almost sit back like a bystander, coldly calculating his next move.

But with Morgan, all that restraint was gone.

And he needed to come now or he might die.

He thrust inside of her, pressing his thumb to her clit and deepening his strokes. She clung to him, calling his name like a litany. And he knew, right then, that this woman was not like other women. That this woman had the power to bring him to his knees...and leave him there for the rest of his life.

And if that wasn't a f**king red light, he didn't know what was.

She seemed to sense him pulling away. Sensed his panic. She grasped his head, yanking down until their lips met. Her tongue dueled with his and he forgot all his reservations and the reasons he should be running. He moved inside of her, groaning when her body clenched down on him.

She climaxed again at the same time he did. And when he came back down to reality...he knew he was completely f**ked. His instinctual desire to flee from whatever the f**k was wrong with him struck, and he didn't fight it this time.

They'd barely finished when he jumped off of her and strode into the bathroom. By the time he came out, she was dressed in her shorts and pink tank top she'd worn last night, wringing her hands in her lap. She looked up at him, her blue eyes confused and lost. And truth be told, he felt lost, too.

The urge to comfort her, to pull her into his arms and heal her, was strong. So strong that he almost couldn't resist it. But then again, his desire to remain single was pretty damn strong, too. A lot stronger.

"I know this is confusing but we'll get it all sorted out." He stepped into his jeans. Right now, he needed to go home, get changed, and get his ass to school. This shit storm he'd gotten himself into would have to wait. "We can look at this some more tonight. I know you have to work. I'll pick you up from the bar at two."

She played with her shirt. "You don't have to. I can catch a ride home with Hugh."

"No."

The reply came from somewhere deep within him and was so harshly said, she jumped and looked at him with wide eyes. Even he barely recognized his voice.

"Um, okay. You realize Hugh and I are just friends, right?"

"You might feel that way. He doesn't."

She lifted a shoulder. "Oh well. That doesn't stop him from giving me a ride home."

"I'll come get you." He yanked his shirt over his head, trying to get a hold of himself. He grabbed his keys and the room card and headed for the door. "After all, I am your husband."

He heard a rustling sound behind him. "Soon to be annulled husband."

He stopped, his hand on the knob. A weight sat in his chest, heavy and begging to be let free. "Honey? What we just did right there wasn't just any f**king. That was consummation."

And with that, he stormed into the hallway, closing the door behind him. Something slammed against it and a string of curses so colorful they even made him blush sounded from within the room. Shaking his head, he closed his eyes against the harsh reality of day.

Closed himself away from her...at least until he could figure out what the hell to do next.

Chapter Nine

Morgan threw her boot at the door but it fell short of making her feel any better. Just like all the rest of her best laid plans. Like, oh, what was that again? Riiight. Not getting married and tied down to a man. And she'd done so freaking great with that goal so far. Well, she had up until Mike, anyway. Then, all it had taken was a night of drinking and mind-blowing sex and she'd decided it was a great idea to marry the idiot.

Ugh.

She shoved her hair out of her face and tried to ignore the way her hands shook. What was he going to do next? What would he say? He had said something about refusing to annul their marriage but that had been a joke...hadn't it? He couldn't seriously want to stay married to her. Why would he?

He was just as much against marriage as she was, if not more.

Besides, he couldn't make her stay married if she didn't want to be, no matter how much sex they had.

She slapped on her boots and stomped her way to the door. If he thought she would just lie down and wait for him to decide to do the right thing, then he had another thing coming.

When she ripped the door open, she found him in the hallway, leaning against the wall with a resigned look on his face. He looked so alone that for a brief second, she forgot how mad she was. Then he sighed and gave her a cocky, assessing look and the anger came back full force.

"What game are you playing?" She marched right up to him, hands on her hips. "And why are you still out here?"

"I don't know. And I don't know." He rubbed his forehead. "When it comes to you, and us, I have no f**king clue what I'm doing."

"I noticed." She gave an uneasy laugh. "You married me, after all."

He eyed her and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Yeah. I did. I haven't stopped thinking about why I would have possibly married you, feeling the way I do about marriage. I wouldn't have done it without a damned good reason."

"Because you were drunk," she offered.

"I've been drunk before. I've never been married, though. Why you? Why now?"

His thoughts were so eerily close to hers, it scared her. "It doesn't matter. I don't want to be married and neither do you. The only thing to do is fix it. Make it go away. You can send me my portion of the bill when it's over."

He lifted his hand and his fingers lightly grazed her jaw. Then he ran his thumb over her lower lip, his touch barely there. "And never see you again? Forget that for a second last night, I actually wanted love? Marriage? The normal things normal people want?"

She swallowed hard. "You don't love me. We barely know each other."

"Yet."

"Yet."

"I can't shake this feeling that I didn't make a mistake last night." He met her eyes hesitantly, as if he didn't want to see her reaction to his shocking words. "That we didn't make a mistake, and maybe we should think some more before moving on."

"I don't think so." She licked her lips, her tongue brushing against his thumb. His sea green eyes darkened and he watched her mouth. "Given our past couple of days, maybe we should avoid knowing each other better. Maybe we should stop seeing each other, before we forget our own goals. Clearly we're a reckless combination."

He cocked his head. "Goals? Like dancing across the United States."

"Yes."

"And if I'm not sure that giving us up is the best thing?"

"Then open your eyes." She grabbed his hand, squeezed it, and dropped her hold on him. "Because you're being blinded by something."

She walked away from him, her steps slow but steady. Half of her expected him to chase after her and the other half wished he wouldn't. She wasn't sure what the heck she felt when he didn't follow her. But it was for the best, really. They needed to stop this odd game of house they were playing. Needed to wake the hell up and stay away from each other.

Too bad that by the time her shift was over at the bar that night, she was antsy and wondering if he was still coming for her. Would he still pick her up, or would he listen to her advice from earlier and avoid her like the plague?

Hugh came up behind her, too close, and rested his hands on her shoulders. What had once felt like a friendly touch now felt...wrong. Was Mike right? Did Hugh really want more than friendship from her? She'd never paid much attention to it before but he was standing awfully close to her. "Do you still have a ride home, or do you want to go home with me?"

She swallowed and fought the urge to shrug free. Why did that sound so filled with unspoken promises? "I think I have a ride."

"That guy?" Hugh asked, his hands falling back to his sides.

"Yeah. He's my...my..."

"Husband is the word you're looking for, wife," Mike said, his voice hard.

She refused to look into the fact that her pulse leapt at Mike's voice. Refused to acknowledge that she was happy he'd come. She turned away from Hugh, forgetting all about the odd encounter. "Temporary wife, you mean."

He shrugged, his heated gaze pinning her in place. "If you say so."

She rolled her eyes, but inside she felt so...alive. "Obviously you didn't listen to my advice."

"When have I ever listened to other people's opinions when it comes to my happiness?"

She dropped the white rag on the bar top and threw up her hands. "I don't know. I barely know you."

He curled his fingers around the nape of her neck and gently urged her mouth down on his. She didn't bother to pretend she even wanted to fight his hold. Just kissed him back. When he released her, he smirked. "There. Now you know me well enough to know that I'll kiss you into silence when you won't stop arguing."

She flicked her tongue over his lips playfully. "And you know me well enough to know my reaction will be running away."

She shoved his shoulders back, grinning when he flopped back onto the barstool, and skirted around the edge of the bar. The speakers blared a Carrie Underwood song and she practically skipped to the exit. He caught up with her outside of the door, pressing his body against hers, tilting her face up to his.

"You're playing me like a f**king fiddle, aren't you?"

"No." She said seriously and met his eyes. "I'm not."

"Then tell me the truth. Do you honestly want me to walk away and never see you again? To annul this marriage and forget it ever happened? Or are you the slightest bit curious why we married each other in the first place? If, while drunk, we had an idea that might actually be a good one?"

She clung to his arms, holding on tight. "What do you mean?"

He took a deep breath. "I have a proposal."

"Isn't that what got us in trouble in the first place??"

His brows slammed down. "You came up with the idea. I just said yes."

"Oh my God." She rolled her eyes. "I'm so not going there again."

He rubbed her shoulders and she closed her eyes, feeling the tension ease in her tight muscles. If husbands did this, then she might have to keep him around.

"But anyway, back to my proposal."

"Go for it-just keep massaging me while you ask."

He gave a soft laugh and continued rubbing her. "Fair enough." He inhaled, seemed to be gathering up the courage to say what he had to say. She opened her eyes and watched. "I've done way too much thinking lately. And I keep coming back to the same thing. We got married, despite our mutual dislike for the state of matrimony, and it has to be for a reason, right?"

"No, it doesn't have to be." She swallowed past the agreement she could feel building inside of her, not wanting to acknowledge it. "It was a silly night, nothing more."

"You can't really feel that way. Not after this morning." His fingers froze on her. "Not after the way we both react to one another."

She blew out a sigh, neither confirming his assumptions nor denying them. "What do you want from me, Mike?"

"I don't want anything from you. Rather, from us." He took a shaky breath. "How about if we give this crazy idea a few days to settle down? Have some hot, honeymoon sex in our hotel room and maybe see how we feel about this? Try this whole marriage thing out a bit before we run away from each other."

She stiffened. A handful of days in his arms? Being his wife without any long-term expectations of actually being his wife? It sounded great. Too great, which is why she should say no. "Why would we do that?"

"Because we owe it to ourselves to try it out." He ran a hand through his hair, his expression intense. "What if drunk Mike and drunk Morgan had the right idea? What if we were wrong to panic this morning?"

"I don't think-"

He melded his mouth to hers, his kiss gentle and soft. "Then don't think. Just feel. How do you feel about me?"

"I don't know. I...I...don't want to walk away." She curled her fingers into his shirt. "Which is why I should. I've always wanted to leave. To move on. But with you it's different. I'm different."

"I'm different, too." His arms tightened around her. "That's exactly why we should stay together for at least a couple of days. Both of us have avoided commitment for all of our lives but we both want to stay. To try. I can't believe I'm actually saying this, but maybe that means something. Maybe we mean something, together."

She rested her forehead on his chest. He made it sound so perfectly logical. But logic didn't have a place in marriage and she knew that. Look at what happened to her mother. She'd given up her successful career as a prima ballerina to marry her father and have Morgan.

That's exactly why logic didn't have a place in marriage.

Besides, if she let him inside her defenses, how would she ever get him out? And yet...

Maybe it wouldn't be so crazy. He was only asking for a few days, really. A short-term relationship that just happened to have two rings and a piece of paper attached to it. No big deal, really, when you looked at it subjectively. She already knew he blew her mind in bed. Why not have a little bit more time with him, getting him out of her system, and then she would move on, like she always did.

And she would, at the end of the week. She'd leave.

"And if one of us decides it isn't working before our time is over?" she asked. "If one of us wants out right away?"

"At any point, you can walk away. I can, too. This is just a trial period. If we decide we were right to avoid marriage, then we end it. No notice. No warning." He kissed her temple. "We just leave." He kissed her jaw, inching closer to her mouth. "But if we want to stay? Then who knows what'll happen? If nothing else, we'll just enjoy that amazing hotel suite a few more days." He brushed his lips against hers, so gently she almost missed it. It was amazing how such a simple kiss could feel so darn strong. "So, what do you say? Yes or no?"

She studied him. He looked so sure of himself, yet vulnerability gleamed in his eyes. How was such a contradiction even possible? It made her want to wrap him in her arms and never let go. That wasn't exactly a good way to start proving her desire to be independent. But when she opened her mouth to bid him goodnight, she heard herself say, "Yes. I'll do it."

He kissed her sweetly. But when she clung to his biceps, he moved closer to her. His tongue slipped inside of her mouth without a moment's hesitation. She gripped him, unable to believe she'd agreed to stay married. Unable to believe she could be so stupid. But apparently, when it came to Mike, she could be pretty freaking stupid.

Because she was going to stay, even though she knew she should go.

Someone cleared their throat, and they broke apart. Brianna Jones stood there, her arms crossed. "Are you molesting my employees, Mike?"

"Uh. Not exactly." Mike dropped his arms, his eyes darting between the two women. She could tell he couldn't decide whether or not to admit he'd gotten married. And why should he? This was only a temporary arrangement. "I knew her before I found out she worked here."

Morgan smiled at Brianna. "We met the other night at his friend's bachelor party."

"Oh." Brianna looked at Morgan, then back at Mike. "And you're kissing her in my hallway because...?"

Mike's cheeks turned red. He actually turned red. Morgan didn't think a certified bachelor lady-killer like him was still capable of such a tender emotion as embarrassment, but apparently he was. Huh. Who knew? He quickly recovered and a smirk spread slowly across his face. "If I have to answer that, then I need to have a little talk with Thomas about how to properly take care of a woman."

Brianna blushed even harder than Mike. Morgan watched them both, unable to look away. She'd never had siblings, so seeing the banter between these two was enlightening. And...weird. Very weird. "I assure you, Thomas knows what to do with me."

"After a year or two of marriage?" Mike snorted. "I'd hope so."

"Okay, that's enough. Stop making this about me. Excuse us for a second." Brianna grabbed his elbow and hauled him far enough away that Morgan couldn't hear what they said.

They both glanced at her at one point and she shifted on her feet. What were they saying? And how long was she supposed to stand here, pretending they weren't talking about her? "Is everything okay over there?" Morgan asked, unable to stand their muted conversation another second.

Mike caught Morgan's gaze over Brianna's head and made a shooting gesture at his temple. Morgan smiled. Brianna, however, looked less than amused. She made some quick movement that made Mike groan and stumble back a little, then turned to Morgan with an innocent expression on her face.

"Yes, just give us a second," Brianna called out. After one last, uncomfortable minute, the siblings finally separated. Brianna came back to Morgan and smiled, even if it was a bit tight. "It was nice seeing you again, Morgan. Thanks for filling in."

Morgan nodded and slid her left hand behind her back. Why hadn't she taken that darn ring off? Was Mike still wearing his? She tried to steal a peek but couldn't tell. "Anytime you need anything, you let me know."

"Same to you." Brianna cast a long look in Mike's direction, then sighed. "And trust me, you'll need all the luck in Vegas if you'll be hanging around him."

Brianna walked away, leaving Morgan and Mike alone again.

"Sorry about that," he said, shuffling up to her.

"It's okay." He held his hand out, which still had the ring on it, and she slid hers into it after a moment's hesitation. "What did you tell her?"

"That we knew each other." He shrugged. "I didn't want her to know about the marriage thing yet. I mean, who knows what's going to happen, right?"

Nothing. Nothing was going to happen. Because she didn't want to be married, and neither did he. Morgan nodded. "Okay. Sounds good."

She pulled free of his grip and closed her fingers around her cool band, but he rested his palm on her knuckles. "Whoa. What are you doing?"

"If you don't want people to know, then I should take this off." She glanced down at his ring. "This is going to fail, so there's no point in us wearing them. Or telling anyone. I agree with you, for once."

He clenched his jaw. "Why are you so certain it'll fail?"

"I might not know you that well but I know me. I don't want to be tied down. I want to be free." Speaking of which...she pulled free of his grip. "What if I get the role in Chicago? Will my loving husband just sit back and let me go, not giving a damn that I'm halfway across the country without him?"

He paused, as if considering the situation. "Sure. Why not?"

"Because in my experience, that doesn't happen. In my experience, men want the woman to give up all of her dreams and become a pretty, barefoot and pregnant housewife who cooks while wearing red heels and a checkered apron."

"Heels and an apron, you say?" He rubbed his jaw. "I could definitely work with that, as long as that's the only thing you'll be wearing in our kitchen. You don't even have to cook. Just stand there."

She smacked her palm against her forehead. "Oh my God. This is why I didn't want to get married."

"Because I want to see you practically naked in heels?" He cocked his head and stared at her feet. "Scratch that. Just keep the boots on."

"Not happening."

"Fine, you can wear heels." He let out a dramatic sigh. "Look at us. Compromising already. This marriage stuff is easy."

She choked on a laugh but slapped his arm as she passed him. "God, you're so annoying."

"Hey, wait for your hubby." He caught up with her easily. "What? Can you blame me for wanting the boots? You look hot in them and an apron, even in my head. Tell me you're not picturing it right now."

She wasn't picturing that at all. No, she was picturing the look on his face if she greeted him dressed in that. And what he would do after he found her dressed the way he wanted. Shaking her head to clear it, she narrowed her eyes at him. "It'll never happen."

"We'll see about that." When she headed for the doors that led outside, he stopped walking and pointed at the elevator. "We're in the honeymoon suite, remember?"

She hesitated. No, she hadn't remembered. "Well, I'll still need clothes. And toiletries."

"Then I guess we'll have to go get them." He held the door open for her. "After you, wife."

She pushed through the door to the sidewalk. It might be after two in the morning, but Vegas was still in full swing. A drunk couple talking about gambling stumbled past them and an old, completely sober couple holding hands walked the other way. How cute. Could that be her and Mike if they waited this thing out?

She headed for a parked cab, ignoring Mike's outstretched hand. "Don't you need some stuff, too?"

"No." He glanced over his shoulder. "I got my shit earlier while you were working. I also took off work, you know, to enjoy the honeymoon."

How cocksure could he be? He'd had no idea what her answer would have been. She was so indignant about his arrogance that she forgot to ask him what he did for a living. "And what if I said no to you?"

He shrugged. "I'd have been fine up there alone if you refused me."

Yeah, but she doubted he would be alone. A guy like Mike didn't have to try hard to get a woman interested in him. Or to get them to marry him, for the love of God. The only reason he was trying so hard for her was probably because she didn't want him.

Or...didn't want to want him, anyway.

"You would've had another girl up there quicker than I can do jazz hands, wouldn't you?" She shook her hands next to her face and did a quick shuffle step to drive her point home, then slid into his Charger, ignoring her so-called husband's laughter as he settled behind the wheel.

"What the f**k was that?"

"I already told you last night. Jazz hands." She gave him her address before turning her attention back to the previous discussion. "You act like you're all sincere about wanting to be with your wife, and yet, you wouldn't have even cared if I'd said no. You would have been at the bar all, 'baby, my wife just left me. I'm so sad.'"

"As much as I admire your imitation of me," he said, an amused expression on his features, "When did I ever say I'd bring another woman up to our hotel room, or give you any reason to think I would?"

"You don't have to say it. I can sense it. I know guys like you. I am a guy like you, but without the set to prove it." She poked at his arm. "Green light, yellow light, red light, remember? I heard that whole speech, including the fact that you don't want to be married. Ever. But yet-"

"We are."

"Yeah." She blew out a breath. "But that doesn't change the fact that you're the type of man who doesn't get a broken heart because your heart never enters into the equation. You're not willing or ready to offer it up to a woman, so you keep it safe. It's simple math. And it doesn't take much to know that at the end of the week, I'll be leaving."

For a second, he looked at her as if she'd struck him physically. But then he smiled and held a hand over his chest. "Oh, babe. If you want my heart, try talking history instead of math. That might win me over."

"You like history?"

"Of course." He pursed his lips. "I do teach it, after all."

Her eyes went all wide. "Oh my God. You're a teacher?"

"Yep."

She crossed herself and mumbled, "God save America."

"Hey, now." He gave a choked laugh. "I'll have you know I'm quite good at my job. I've been teaching middle school students since I graduated college."

Even better. "I'm sure all the girls in your class think you're the best teacher ever." She sang the chorus of "Hot for Teacher."

"Oh, stop. If they do, I wouldn't know. They are children after all." He lifted a shoulder and flexed his fingers on the wheel. "They all seem equally enthusiastic to learn, if you ask me. As in, they don't want to."

She could tell he didn't like the current topic, which probably meant all the girls in his school were crushing on him. They'd have to be blind not to. But really, look at him. What young girl in her right mind wouldn't be half in love with him?

"Do some of them ask for tutoring, even when they have straight A's?"

He looked at her weirdly. "Sometimes, I guess."

"Then they like you."

He raised a brow. "Is that what you did to the cute teachers in your school?"

No. She'd avoided them. She'd been an awkward child at best, more interested in dancing than learning. "And if I did?"

"Then kiss me. I can tutor you all you want, free of charge." He grabbed her hand and nibbled at her wrist. "All you have to do is ask."

She laughed and pulled free before burying her hand in his thick, blond hair. She loved the way it wrapped around her fingers. Giving it a gentle tug, she asked, "Oh, yeah?"

"Mmm hmm. Lesson number one..."

He stopped at the red light and leaned closer, his lids drifting shut. She closed the rest of the distance between them, and he kissed her, his tongue playing with hers in seconds. As she clung to him and returned the kiss, she couldn't help thinking that if she needed help with anything, it would be learning how to keep him at arm's length.

Teach me how to keep my heart safe, before I lose it.

Chapter Ten

Mike slammed his hand down on the shrieking alarm, smiled, and stretched as far as he could in the confines of the blankets. Life was good. It was Wednesday morning, and he had his lovely wife by his side. Funny how the word no longer made him want to retch. In fact, wife was starting to sound like something he might enjoy-at least with Morgan anyway. Last night after they had sex, they'd just lain there, whispering secrets back and forth. Sharing the past and their dreams.

A month ago, that would have been his description of pure hell. A month ago, he would have willingly castrated himself before agreeing to spoon after sex. But with Morgan, it felt different. With Morgan, there was no drama and fighting and tears. It was easy and straightforward. She wanted to dance, and he wanted her. No hearts involved or broken dreams.

They could just be together.

Wanting to feel her smooth skin under his fingers, he rolled over and reached for her, but came back empty. He sat up, unable to believe it. Sure, she had told him she wouldn't stick around. Had reminded him ten million times. But he'd thought she would at least wait out the week with him. His heart pounded so loudly he couldn't even hear his phone ringing at first. Once he finally registered that it rang, he picked it up and held it to his ear. "Hello?"

"How long do you plan on staying in my hotel for free?" Brianna asked.

Mike rubbed his eyes. "Uh, a couple more days?"

Brianna choked on something. Probably her coffee. "Why? Did you forget to pay your rent and lose your place? Do you need help?"

"When have I ever forgotten to pay my rent?" Mike asked sarcastically. "What kind of question is that?"

"I don't know. You tell me."

Mike dropped his forehead and sighed. He didn't know what to say. How to explain this without coming across as a complete idiot. "It's a long story that, well, I..." he broke off with a muffled curse. Oh, wait. Too late. He already sounded like one. "It's a long story."

Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a note on the pillow. Picking it up, he scanned the elegant penmanship. She'd gone to work out and would be back soon. So she hadn't run from him. Hadn't called it quits yet.

"Try me," Brianna said. He heard the staple pound on her desk in the background. "I'm here early. Answer me or I'm coming up there with my manager's key."

He flinched. "Fine. I'm with a woman."

"Morgan?"

"Uh." He winced. "Yeah."

Papers went in the shredder. "And you need the honeymoon suite because...?"

"We got married." He held his breath, waiting for the explosion he knew would come. "The other night."

Something heavy clattered on the floor. "You did what?"

"Got married."

"Tell me everything!" Her chair squeaked. At least she hadn't fainted. "Now."

He told her the whole story, leaving only bits and pieces out. By the time he finished, she was dead silent.

"So, uh, that's why I need the honeymoon suite for a couple of days. It's not available to the public yet, right?"

"It's not about that." Brianna sighed. He could picture her sitting there, at her desk, a look of sisterly concern on her face. "And you might want to stay married?"

"I don't know yet." He hesitated. "We're taking a few days to decide."

"That had to have been her idea, because the Mike I know wouldn't be wasting a second in annulling the marriage." The stapler struck again, louder this time. "The Mike I know wouldn't be thinking about this at all."

He flinched. She was right, of course. But he wasn't that Mike right now. He didn't know if that was a bad thing or a good thing. The keycard beeped cheerily in the door, announcing the arrival of his bride. "We'll talk later. I have to go."

"Mike, I'm worried-"

He hung up with only a small amount of guilt choking him and lay back down in the bed, trying to make it look as if he'd just woken up. Morgan came into the bedroom quietly, her cheeks flushed and a thin sheen of sweat covering her skin. The tiny black shorts she wore didn't leave much to the imagination, nor did the skintight light blue tank top.

"Hey, you're awake." She picked up a towel and swiped it down her face. "I wasn't sure what time you usually got up."

"On a work day?" He yawned. "Five thirty. I'm up, but haven't made it out of bed yet since I took off work. Didn't want to abandon my pretty little bride on our honeymoon."

"Are you off all week long?"

"No, I couldn't. I have to administer a big test tomorrow." He patted the spot on the bed next to him. "Come here."

She laughed but didn't approach. "I still can't believe you're actually a teacher. It's so studious-totally obliterates your lady-killer image. I can't imagine you being serious enough about anything, let alone teaching children. Do you even like them?"

"Of course I do." His pride took a little bit of a blow. Did she really think he was nothing but sex and empty promises? Had he given her a reason to think that, besides their first night together? He'd been the one chasing her, the one seriously contemplating keeping this marriage. "I love my job and I love kids."

His voice might have come out harder than he'd planned. She peeked at him over the towel, her brow furrowed. "Okay. I'm sorry if I hit a sensitive spot there."

He cursed himself inwardly. He needed to keep his cool. "I coach basketball there, too. With Garrett."

"Ah. The bachelor."

"Yeah. We're kind of close."

She laughed and chucked the towel on the chair. "I kinda figured that out myself."

He observed her almost offhandedly. She seemed to think she knew everything about him, while he knew next to nothing about her. "My turn to ask a question. What do you do besides bartend occasionally and dance?"

"I help out at a ballerina studio. It's not ideal, but it pays the bills."

He pictured her helping little girls in pink tutus spin around in circles and smiled. "Why didn't you ever want to get married?"

"It's not some sad, dark tale of abuse or loneliness. I don't even hate marriage, as a whole." She sat down on the bed and clutched her knees. "But my mother got married young. Before my dad came along, she was a dancer. One of the best ballerinas in the world-until she met him. They fell in love and she hung up her pointe shoes to get married and have me. Then all of those dreams she had just kind of...went away."

Okay. He got that. But that didn't mean it would happen to her. Or them. Oh, Christ. What was he thinking? Since when did he want to be a part of a them? Hell, he'd spent so long avoiding anything to do with being part of a couple that actively seeking one out felt wrong. Illegal, even.

But still...

"Was she happy with her decisions?"

"That's not the point." She fidgeted on the bed. "I'm twenty-five. Did you know that a dancer's stage career is over by the age of thirty-six? If we're lucky to last that long, that is. Which means people in my profession have to cram a lifetime's worth of performance career into a fifteen or twenty year window."

How could that be possible? He could easily picture Morgan dancing well into her sixties. "I can't imagine-"

"Well, imagine it. Because it's true." She stood up and paced in front of him, nibbling on her thumbnail. "In ten years my stage career will be as good as over and I'll be reduced to teaching kids how to dance in a studio I can hardly afford, dealing with stage moms and all the drama that comes with them."

He couldn't picture her doing that. It was obvious to him she needed to dance to feel alive. She'd told him that. "So, no kids of your own?"

"Not unless I'm still fertile after my career is over." She shrugged. "I'm not ruining my body for nine months, in the prime of my career. It would ruin any professional momentum I've gained. And even if I get pregnant, it's not like it's over after you pop the kid out. I'd have to take care of a child every day for the rest of my life. There would be the Mommy guilt if I left for too long, the diapers, the breastfeeding." She sank back down on the bed. "I'd probably be too tired to even want to dance." Meeting his eyes, she said, "Look, I don't mean to sound cold. I don't fault other women for their choices or for having families. But for me, dancing has always been my salvation-where I feel most at home, where I feel most alive. I saw the dreams my mom gave up to have me. She claims she doesn't regret it, but...I'm not my mother. I want dancing more than I want kids. More than I want marriage and love, too."

More than she wanted him, obviously. Point well taken.

But he couldn't hate her for feeling the way she felt. Couldn't deny how much her face lit up when she spoke of her passion for dance. If only everyone had something in their lives to make them that happy.

"I see. Well, I guess that makes sense." He held up a finger. "Except for one thing. Why can't you have the marriage without the children?"

"Husbands are just as needy as children." She smirked and darted a quick glance at him. "No offense to my current hubby, of course."

"None taken." He trailed a finger down her arm, watching the goose bumps rise over her flesh. "I'm pretty f**king needy."

She grinned, seeming to be pleased with his answer. "Then you see why I can't be married. It's not fair to you-especially if a real wife is what you really want. This is only fun for a couple of days or so and then I have to go back to reality at the end of the week. Back to my life."

He swallowed his protestations. He didn't see why they couldn't be together, but he didn't even know if he wanted to be with her yet. So arguing seemed futile.

Especially when her arguments sounded so damn logical.

She yanked her shirt over her head and all she had on underneath was one of those half-shirt, half-bra things women wore when working out. And, damn, he liked it on her. He could get used to seeing her do that every single day, thank you very much.

She threw her shirt over his head and across the room toward her luggage. "I'm going to go shower. Feel free to join me, if you want."

She trotted off toward the bathroom, her steps light and airy. As if she bounced on air. She obviously liked hearing he wouldn't argue with her at the end of the week. Obviously wanted to have some fun and leave. It's what he wanted. What he'd always wanted.

And yet now...it felt bittersweet, almost.

He followed her into the shower, trying to ignore his annoying feelings. What the hell were feelings for, anyway? He didn't need them in his life f**king everything up. What he and Morgan had going was perfect. No love or hearts. Just two grown-ups, playing honeymoon.

And when their week was over, so were they.

He undressed silently, put on a condom, and then climbed into the shower with her. Within moments, his mouth was on hers. He backed her against the cool tile, letting the hot water wash over them both. She moaned into his mouth and kissed him back, not fighting or arguing or telling him why she didn't want to be with him.

She just took what he had to give and didn't fight it.

He put everything into that kiss that he couldn't say out loud. Kissed her in ways he didn't fully understand, but she seemed to. She broke free, her blue eyes studying him from underneath wet, spiked lashes. "You okay?"

"I will be in a second." He tightened his grip on her hips and lifted her up. Insinuating himself between her legs, he slid inside of her without foreplay. "Now I'm f**king perfect."

A tender expression crossed her face. "So am I."

She gripped him tightly, her stare not leaving his until he moved deeper and her lashes drifted shut. But before her eyes closed, he thought he saw something he recognized. Something he had been feeling a lot of lately.

Fear and longing...wrapped up in one stressful package.

The next night, Mike went straight to the hotel from work and found the table set for dinner. He blinked at the intimate arrangement, unable to believe his little hellion of a bride had gone through the trouble of surprising him with dinner. A flickering candle shone from the center of the table and two place settings were set out-complete with bubbling champagne flutes filled to the rim.

As he stood there, jaw hanging open, Morgan came out of the kitchen area expertly balancing a serving platter filled with roast beef, mashed potatoes, and carrots in one hand. She wore a checkered apron and a pair of cowboy boots. When she spotted him, she did a little spin, showing him the only thing she wore underneath was a tiny red thong and matching bra. "Welcome home, husband. I didn't cook this meal but I'm wearing the apron anyway. You like?"

He growled and took a step toward her, the need to have her way too strong to deny. "You. Me. Now."

He was reduced to using one-word sentences like a caveman. He might as well beat his chest and pull out a club.

She crossed the room and laughed, holding the platter of food out at him with one hand and touching his lips with the other. "Not yet. You need to eat the meal I ordered first." He licked a drip of gravy off of her finger, their gazes locked the whole time. "Then you can have me any way you want me."

When had he died and gone to heaven? And what had he done to deserve this? To deserve her? The scent of dinner wafted over, making his stomach rumble. Usually after work, he heated up a frozen dinner or made grilled cheese...if he was feeling adventurous. But this? This was too much-in a good way.

Maybe he did need a wife. His stomach would thank him, if nothing else.

"I don't know which one I want more, you or the dinner," he said.

"Why settle for one when you can have both?" She set the platter down on the table and sidled up to him, then gripped his tie and yanked him down for a kiss. When she pulled away, she smiled up at him. "I figured if I was going to pretend to be a wife for a little while, I might as well feed you. I draw the line at cooking, though. It's not my style."

He snorted and cupped her bare ass, hauling her closer. He couldn't not touch her. "Not all wives live in the kitchen. Some do work. You know that, right?"

"Sure." She flicked her tongue over his, then backed out of his arms. When he made as if to grab her, she shook her finger in his face. "Not yet. Anyway...they still do the cooking."

"Not always." He scratched his head. "If we were really married, I would share the kitchen duties with you."

She eyed him. "You cook?"

"Uh...well...I'd try."

A cocky grin slid into place. "Exactly. And my version of cooking is ordering off a menu. Therefore...welcome home, darling husband." She nudged him toward his chair. "But don't get used to it. I'll be gone on Friday."

He froze halfway to his seat. "What?"

"We agreed until the end of the week, right?"

"Yeah." He hesitated. He hadn't meant Friday, damn it. He wasn't ready for her to go yet. Just needed a little bit more time in her arms. Another couple of nights, and she would be out of his blood. "But can you make it Saturday instead?"

"I don't know." She opened her mouth and closed it, looking torn. Was it so hard to spend one extra night with him, for f**k's sake? "Why?"

"Saturday is Kiersten's wedding. You could be my plus one."

She sat down, her stare latched with his. "Wouldn't you rather go alone and hit on the lonely women? Weddings are prime hunting grounds, aren't they?"

Yes. But why would he want to hunt when he already had the best catch in his room? Wearing nothing but an apron, some red scraps of lace that barely covered her perfect dancer's body, and a pair of cowboy boots? "No. I'd rather bring my wife."

She swallowed hard. "We can't go as husband and wife. No one knows."

"Actually..." He averted his eyes and tugged on his tie.

"You told them?"

"I only told Brianna." He looked back at her and flinched. She didn't look too happy with him right now. "But with how fast news spreads in my family, the grocery store clerk knows by now."

She rubbed her forehead. "Why did you-?"

"It'll be okay. I promise." He leaned in and tried to catch her gaze. "Please go with me?"

She dropped her hand and gave him a skeptical look. "Okay. But then it's over. I go back to being a dancer and you go back to being...you. Whatever that entails."

"Fine." He leaned back in his chair and crossed his fingers at his stomach. "But you're ignoring one small fact."

"And that is?"

He canted his head. "You might not want to leave me at the end of the week. You might want more from me. You might want to love me."

Chapter Eleven

Morgan cut a piece of roast beef off and stared at her plate, her good mood ruined. "I'm leaving, no matter what."

She knew she sounded cold and unfeeling when she refused to even think about a future between them, but it's the way she had to live. She had goals. Priorities. Letting a man into her world would only mess it all up-even if she was, for the first time, tempted to do exactly that.

Her path had always been so clear before but somehow Mike made everything all fuzzy.

What if she did fall in love with him and they gave this marriage a real chance? Could a man like Mike-a man who swore to avoid marriage at all cost-really be happy with just one woman? Especially a woman who would be on the road a good portion of the time, leaving him on his own?

She feared it was the chase that drove him, not the reality of actually catching her.

What if she gave up her dream only to find out a year from now that Mike really didn't want to be married to her?

No, she couldn't risk it. She had to stay firm in her decision to leave at the end of the week.

"Mike, I-"

"So even if you fell in love with a guy, you'd leave him?" he interrupted, leaning forward. He watched her as a predator watches its prey, and she fidgeted. He sought out weaknesses, and she couldn't show him any. "Just walk away?"

If ever a man could awaken her heart, it would be Mike. Everything about him called to her, begged for her attention.

Begged to be loved by her.

No.

"Yeah, I guess so." She forced a casual shrug. "I've never been in love but I probably love dancing more than I'll ever love a man."

He relaxed in his chair again. "Oh. So you've never been in love, then?"

"Nope. Never wanted it." She took a long sip of wine. "And you?"

"Hell no." He cut a piece of meat and popped it in his mouth. "But since you haven't been in love, you can't say what you'd do."

"And you-the man who has never been in love-are an expert?"

"I've seen what love does to people. It makes them forget all the reasons they shouldn't be with someone, until only one thing is left-why they should be with them. It turns smart men stupid and makes a man forget everything in life but being with that one woman."

Like what happened to her mother.

She cut her meat but felt like she would never be able to swallow past the panic in her throat. He'd just described her. Hell, she was sitting at the table half naked because he'd suggested he would like it. If that wasn't stupid, she didn't know what was.

By his description, she was in love with him. She snorted out loud, earning herself a weird look from him. She cleared her throat in an attempt to make it look like she choked or something. "Sorry. I'm fine now."

His expression suggested that he clearly doubted her sanity, but he returned to eating. She did the same, but couldn't stop staring at him. Scared of his answer, she'd been trying to avoid asking him a certain question, but she couldn't hold back any longer. "So you don't want to ever get married?"

"I'm already married."

"Oh, please." She waved a hand. "I don't count."

His eyes flashed. "The hell you don't. You're my f**king wife in every way that counts."

The possessiveness in his voice sent a primal surge through her veins. He said that as if...as if he didn't plan on ever letting her go. And somewhere deep down inside of her, buried beneath the independence and the goals, there was a part of her that liked this side of him. That wanted to be cherished and held and wanted.

That part of her had to be denied, starved, and killed.

She set down her fork and pulled her napkin from her lap. "Maybe I'd better go."

He gripped his glass, his knuckles white. "I'm not some lovesick school boy you have to worry about falling for you."

She flushed. He made it sound so far-fetched that she wondered if all of this was in her head-that he never even looked at her the way she thought he did, with hope and tenderness in his eyes. And if all his long, meaningful glances were in her imagination...then what did that say about her? "I didn't say you would fall in love with me."

He studied her from under his hooded lids, now totally relaxed against the back of his chair. As if he didn't have a care in the world. "Don't worry, we're cool. I promise that you won't have to worry about me chasing after you once you leave. And for the record, I don't break my promises."

"You didn't answer my question."

He cocked a brow. "I thought I had."

"I asked if you ever wanted to get married again after me. You didn't answer."

"I doubt it." He popped a piece of roast beef in his mouth and chewed, as if considering his answer. "But maybe it's a non-issue anyway. Maybe we should just stay married and scratch each other's itches, knowing we won't fall for each other. We could be a couple, but without the sloppy emotions. A modern day marriage of convenience."

Did that sound so horrible? But the idyllic picture he kept trying to paint of what their marriage could be like wasn't realistic. She'd dated men before. All of the guys in her past had been supportive of her dreams...in the beginning anyway. But once the I'm-with-a-Vegas-dancer bragging rights had worn off, they hadn't been able to handle the realities of her profession.

Mike was different from all of those men in every way, and much more confident and open-minded than any of them, but she couldn't believe he'd be any different once the honeymoon phase was over. He was just being too stubborn to see it. "So you would stay faithful to me, your not-real wife, and be fine with me being gone half of the time? Touring the country? Working until all hours of the night, every night? Not knowing who I was with?"

"Well, I..." He hesitated, seeming torn. "I don't know."

She nodded, appreciating his honesty. "Yeah, I figured as much." She stood. "Look, Mike, no offense, but I've heard the promises before. The I trust you's followed by the you can trust me's. And neither turned out to be true."

"Wait a damn minute." He rose from his chair so fast that it fell backward on the floor, then caught her wrist, not letting her retreat. "If I actually, sincerely loved someone, I wouldn't cheat on her. I wouldn't even want to. I've seen it in my friends. They go from complete manwhores to faithful husbands without a second thought. I know it happens. When you love someone, you don't want to hurt them. You want to make them happy. So, hell yeah, I would be faithful, if I loved my wife."

She shook her head sadly. "But you don't love me, Mike. And I don't want you to. So why stay married? What's the point?"

"There isn't," he said, his voice flat. He reached down and righted the chair he'd knocked over, then sat back down and settled his napkin in his lap. "There wouldn't be. Which is why we aren't going to do it. I was only teasing you."

Teasing. Wow. Who was playing who now?

She sank into her chair and drank deeply from her wineglass. "We should just call it quits now. Separate and get our divorce or annulment or whatever the hell it is. Why are we playing this game? Why continue to spend time together knowing we aren't going to keep at it? Why even get married at all?"

His eyes shut down. "Because we were drunk."

"Bullshit," she said, echoing his earlier reply to her. "Why didn't you want to ever get married? There has to be a bigger reason besides not wanting it."

"Fine, but mine is dark and ugly," he gritted out. "I didn't want to get married because my parents were happily dating for ten years but then they got married. After that, my father cheated on my mother and my mother fell apart. Buried her heartbreak in a bottle."

He pushed his drink away and she swallowed hard. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. It's life. There's no use in me being a pu**y over it." He clenched his hands in his lap and looked up at her. "Dad left and my mom spent the rest of my teenaged years crying into her liquor telling me never to get married. Telling me her whole life ended because they got a scrap of paper that made their relationship legal." He ran a hand through his hair. "That's why I'll never get married."

"But we're married."

"Exactly," he snapped, tossing his napkin on his empty plate. "I married you, even after knowing I'd never wanted that. I married you, and it had to be for a reason. Had to be for something. I refuse to immediately throw this away. I need to understand the reason I did what I did."

She clenched her fists and curled her toes in her boots. "We were drunk! That's it. Drunk."

"So that's the only reason we have anything between us at all? Because we were drunk?"

"Yes." But her heart screamed no. "You're putting all this shit into something that doesn't even exist. It's all in our heads. Something we've built up that is this amazing feeling, but it's just sex. Meaningless, fun, wonderful sex."

"Liar. Even I can admit we have more than sex."

"No." She rose and placed a hand on her hip. "It's not. Just sex amplified by being drunk."

"Are you drunk right now?" He stood up and headed toward her, his gaze dark and threatening.

She stepped back, but then forced herself to stand still. She wouldn't retreat from him. "W-What? No."

"Neither am I."

She expected him to try to strong arm her into staying, to become all alpha male, but in his usual Mike fashion, he completely surprised her. Instead of throwing her over his shoulder, he tenderly ran a finger down the curve of her jaw. His lips hovered over hers and his warm breath tickled her skin. He stood there, unmoving for a few moments, until her eyelids fluttered closed. She felt his lips gently brush against each lid and dance across her face, until he settled on the sensitive part of her neck.

Emotion clogged Morgan's throat as her body-her heart-came to life.

She clung to him, pressing against him, needing to feel him against her. Inside of her. The magnetism between them was still there, as it had been before.

"Don't go," Mike whispered in her ear before nipping her earlobe. "Stay."

And she wanted to stay so badly it hurt. Wanted to be everything he wanted her to be, and then maybe a bit more. Damn it, he was right. This was more than sex. If it was just sex, it wouldn't be so hard to walk away from him. If it was just sex, she wouldn't want to stay even though she knew she should go.

He tugged her apron over her head, hungrily latching onto her lips as soon as it had cleared her body.

She kissed her way down his face, his neck, his chest, until she was on her knees in front of him. With trembling fingers, she undid his belt and then his pants, unzipping him carefully. Once he was free, she flicked her tongue over the tip of his penis. He dug his fingers in her hair, and groaned, "Morgan."

God, she liked that. Liked the way he said her name when she pleasured him. Liked the way it made her feel when he needed her like this. She closed her mouth around him, taking him in deep. She rolled her tongue around his length as she sucked, increasing the suction as he groaned louder. She could taste him, knew he was close to exploding, but he pulled back and helped her to her feet.

"You're f**king amazing, my beautiful dancer." He punctuated each word with kisses and her heart fluttered at the endearment. My beautiful dancer. "But you have too many clothes on," he said, his voice guttural. "And so do I." He kicked off his jeans and grabbed the hem of his shirt while she discarded her bra and panties. Once undressed, they melted into each other's arms again, then fell to the soft carpeted floor.

She climbed on top of him, one leg on either side of his hips and scratched her nails down his chest, loving the contrast of tight muscles on smooth skin. He arched up, his hands on her butt. She rubbed against him, moaning when his erection touched her clit.

He grasped her tighter, holding her flush against him. "Morgan, I need you now."

He needed her. And she needed him, too. She grasped his penis and prepared to lower herself down on him. He stopped her, his face red and his mouth pinched. "Condom first."

She couldn't believe she'd been so lost in the moment she'd completely forgotten the condom. That had never happened. Just another first in a long, long line of things she didn't normally do-but she did with him. She retrieved a condom and gently slid it over his erection, wanting to do it for him. She'd never put one on him before, so she fumbled it a bit, but he lay there and let her explore. Let her take the lead.

When she looked up and met his eyes, what she saw there took her breath away. He looked at her as if...as if he felt something for her. Something neither of them had wanted or expected. And scarily enough, she suspected she might be feeling it, too.

She swallowed past her aching throat, then slid back on top of him, cupping his face with her hands. She gently brushed her lips over his, barely touching him. His blond brows furrowed and his hands gripped her hips with a tenderness he'd never really shown her during sex. He stared up at her with blazing sea green eyes, not dropping his gaze. His hair was all over the place and his lips were inviting. She closed the distance between them, brushing her mouth against his. He strained against her, seeking more.

She sunk onto his length and he let out a sigh. The feel of him inside of her was more wonderful than she could ever have imagined, but even more moving was the way they held gazes. The way neither one of them seemed to want to close their eyes, in case they missed something.

His hands splayed out over her back and he surged up into her, and she finally let her lids drift shut. Her entire body quivered. Before, the sex had been all about taking. But this time...this time is was all about giving. And he gave to her, just as much as she gave to him. The pressure building inside of her grew, higher and higher, and she clung to him, rocking her hips harder. Faster.

He continued thrusting into her, sending her spiraling over the edge, making her feel as if she floated in the air. He rolled her underneath him and pressed his fingers against her clit, applying the perfect amount of pressure, and she miraculously tightened around him. She exploded again.

He groaned, "Morgan."

Then his whole body tightened, and he collapsed on top of her, breathing heavily.

She played with his blond curls, waiting for him to come down from his high with bated breath. Something more than sex had happened between them, and she knew it.

The question was...did he know it, too?

When he lifted himself onto his elbow, he watched her, his expression grave. "That wasn't meaningless, Morgan."

She swallowed hard. This was the moment where she could ignore all her fears and take a blind leap of faith, or she could lie and keep her heart safe. Keep her life organized and perfect. She opened her mouth, and nothing came out. Nothing but a squeak.

His eyes glazed over and he pushed off of her. She sat up and held her hand out. "Wait!"

He froze. "What?"

"I-It wasn't meaningless. There's something between us. Being here with you doesn't feel wrong. It feels so right." Her heart pounded in her ears and she felt shaky and weak. Weak because she admitted this to him. Gave him that knowledge. What would he do with it? Would he use it against her?

He rose from the floor, taking her with him, and crossed to the bed. He pressed her down into the mattress and met her eyes. "You're mine."

"Yes." She licked her lips. "But I'm still a dancer. Still me."

"And I'm still me."

He melded his mouth to hers sweetly, his hand creeping up to cradle her cheek. Her heart leapt at the touch, not from desire but from something she didn't recognize...didn't want to name.

And she knew from then on, nothing would ever be the same.

Chapter Twelve

Mike gripped the clipboard tightly, holding it to his chest. His wedding ring dug in to the plastic, making his ring finger feel heavy and foreign. Garrett, who stood next to him, eyed the ring for the millionth time, his mouth pressed tight. He hadn't questioned him yet but Mike knew it was coming. After all his complaints about marriage and his vows to never succumb to the deathly trap-the questions would come.

And they would come hard.

The buzzer sounded and the crowd cheered. Another undefeated season came to an end and he and Garrett had every reason to celebrate. Every reason to be proud. But neither one of them even cracked a smile at each other. As they congratulated their team and promised them and their parents a celebratory pizza party, the gym crowd thinned out.

Pictures for the newspaper to celebrate another undefeated season would be taken tomorrow and the wedding would soon follow. Then...Morgan would either stay or go.

He didn't know which one it would be. Ever since their admission of whatever they'd admitted to each other last night, they'd been strangely quiet. Neither one of them had brought up the future or what would happen after the wedding on Saturday. They'd just held each other all night long after making love. Because he knew exactly what they'd done last night, and it hadn't been f**king. It had been intimate and moving and life changing. Just like the snuggling they'd done afterward.

Yeah. He was a f**king spooner now.

What had happened to him, and why didn't he mind it so much?

As soon as they were alone, Garrett slammed down his clipboard and turned on Mike. "Would you like to tell me why you're wearing a wedding band? I thought Kiersten was joking when she told me that you, of all people, were married."

Mike glanced at the band. "Nope. It's real."

As real as a marriage would ever be to him.

"You actually married a stripper?"

Mike stiffened. "Who the f**k told you that? She's not a stripper. She's a dancer."

"There's a difference?"

"Hell yeah. She dances professionally-with her clothes on."

Garrett shrugged. "I assumed when Brianna said dancer, she was putting it politely. Who is she?"

Mike scrubbed his face. "The girl who yelled at us in the bar for taking her seat."

"The ginger with the cowboy boots?" Garrett whistled through his teeth. "She looked like she hated you that night."

Mike sighed. "She did at first. Now, we're..."

"In love?"

"Fuck. I don't know what we are." He shoved the clipboard into his bag and sank to the bench. "No, love hasn't been mentioned. We got married while drunk. Al helped us get a license. There's apparently a DVD of us somewhere."

"Yeah, I have it. Al told me to give it to you." Garrett yanked it out of his bag and handed the case over.

Mike shoved it into his own bag, not wanting to touch the damn thing right now. "Thanks. I'll show it to my kids someday. This is Mommy and Daddy when we got drunk and said 'I do.'"

"Planning kids already?" Garrett whistled low under his breath, then sat down next to him. "What are you going to do now?"

"Shit if I know." Mike closed his eyes and dropped his head back against the brick wall. "But we're seeing what happens. She's coming to the wedding with me."

"Are you actually considering staying with this woman?" Garrett's voice sounded like a mix between annoyed and worried. And Mike couldn't blame him. He was acting strange. Even he could see that. "Do you even know her?"

Mike opened his eyes and shrugged. "I know enough about her to know I married her. If that doesn't say something, I don't know what will."

"Just because you did something while drunk doesn't mean it means something."

Mike hesitated. "But what if it does?"

Kiersten came over, looking worried. "Is everything okay over here?" She rested a hand on Garrett's shoulder, her eyes on Mike. "And you-please tell me you're going to fix this marriage mess."

"Jesus, et tu, Brute?" Mike stood up and entwined his hands behind his neck. "Everyone needs to stop f**king worrying about me. Did I shove my nose in your lives while you two figured out your shit?"

Garrett cocked a brow. "I remember you going Oprah on my ass."

Okay. True enough. "But only once I knew you were ready. I didn't talk to either of you until you figured yourselves out. So do me a favor. Until I know what the f**k I'm feeling-and what the f**k she's feeling-leave me alone."

He grabbed his bag and headed for the door. Kiersten called out, "Are you bringing her to the wedding? I'd like to meet her."

"Yeah. She's coming."

"Good." Kiersten cleared her throat. "And if she makes you happy, Mike, we'll love her. You know that, right?"

She did make him happy but she might be leaving. She might not want him the same way he wanted her. "Yeah. I know. Just like I know you love me-and you know I love you. So just let me be." Garrett cocked a brow, and her eyes went wide. "What? Why are you looking at me like that?"

"You said it. You've never told me that before," she said, her voice raw. "I love you, too."

It wasn't until Kiersten pointed it out that Mike realized what she meant. He had actually told her he loved her. All their lives, she knew it, of course. Knew how he felt. But he never said the words before. What had changed? Did he even want to know?

"I've got to go," he said, his voice strangled.

Kiersten wrung her hands. "Mike, I-"

He pushed through the doors, welcoming the cold air.

And the solitude.

...

Morgan grinned as she poured a draft of Miller. Today, she'd gone to her second audition for the Chicago touring company. The stage manager had seemed very pleased with her performance earlier, and had even gone so far as to jot down her agent's information on his notepad. If that wasn't a good sign, she didn't know what was. She had a good feeling about this.

A good feeling in her gut that said she would be getting a part in the play.

Between her newfound happiness with Mike and this new opportunity, she was on cloud nine. That is...until she turned around and saw Brianna watching her skeptically. She gave the customer his beer, took the money, and then made her way over.

Swiping her sweaty palms on her shorts, she forced a smile. "Hey, Brianna. What's up?"

"Nothing much." Brianna settled in on a barstool, her blond hair pulled back in a tight bun. "So, I hear you're my sister-in-law?"

"Uh..."

Should she say yes? Or yes, but only for a little bit longer? She hadn't talked to Mike about the future. They'd just kind of been living in the now. Enjoying each other. Come the wedding, their short time of bliss would end. And then what? She had no idea.

Brianna arched a cool brow. She had the role of protective sister down pat. "'Uh?' That's not an answer. It's a yes or a no question."

"Well, we are married for now." Morgan wrung her hands together. "But we won't be for much longer. At least, I don't think so. The plan was until Kiersten's wedding..."

Brianna leaned on her elbows and plopped her chin on her hands. "So you asked him to give you a week to do what, exactly? To fall in love with you or something?"

"No. Of course not." Morgan cleaned the bar with a rag, feeling awkward and out of place and confused. "Besides, I didn't ask him for anything but an annulment. He asked me to give him a week to figure out stuff. What stuff? I don't know."

Brianna's eyes went wide. "He asked you?"

"Yeah." She stiffened, uncertain if she should be insulted or not by Brianna's skepticism. "Why is that so hard to believe?"

"With his past, I just assumed you were the one pushing for more."

"I'm not." Morgan held the rag close to her chest. "And neither is he. We're nothing. Just...just together for now. That's it."

Mike came up behind Brianna, his eyes on her. He looked upset. "Hello, wife."

"Hello." She tossed the rag down. How much had he heard? "You're just in time. I think my shift is finished."

"I'll let you guys go, then." Brianna said, her face a lot softer and friendlier than it had been moments before. She must have passed some sort of test. "Are you coming to the wedding?"

"I think so." Morgan stole a glance at Mike. His eyes were hard and unyielding. "Last I heard, anyway."

"She's coming. Bye, Brianna." Mike's jaw flexed and he cocked his head toward the exit. "Let's go upstairs."

Morgan came around the side of the bar and waited for him. He captured her elbow and steered her toward the elevator, his grip firm yet not rough.

"'We're nothing.' Is that how you still feel?" He pushed the elevator button. "Even after last night?"

"I just said that because your sister was giving me the third degree. Is that so wrong? It's not like we're-"

She broke off and walked inside the elevator. Mike followed. She'd been about to say they weren't married or anything...but they were.

He didn't miss a beat. He knew exactly where she had been going, and why she stopped. He held his left hand up, where he still wore his band. So did she, though she wasn't sure why. It didn't mean anything. The doors opened on their floor and he motioned her through. "Not like we're what? Married?"

"I was caught off guard. It's just-" Her phone rang. She glanced at it in surprise. It was well after midnight and she didn't get phone calls this late. When she saw the number, she almost dropped it. "Oh my God. It's my agent."

He eyed her, the irritation leaving his eyes. "Well, answer it."

"But we're-"

He pointed at her hand. "Done here. Now pick up the phone."

"I'm sorry." She lifted her phone. "Just give me a second, because we're not done here at all."

He nodded, but his expression was closed. And he no longer looked vulnerable or soft or anything. She hesitated, for some reason not wanting to answer. She'd waited her whole freaking life for this and now here she was. Worrying about a man. This is exactly why she'd avoided men. Avoided feelings.

This. Right here.

She turned her back on Mike and held her phone to her ear. "Hello? Keith?" He spoke quickly, the words all blending into each other. But she'd been right. He called because she got the part. She collapsed against the wall, her whole body feeble and feeling faint. Mike grabbed her around the waist, holding her up. "You're sure? They want me?"

"They do," Keith said, his voice light and airy. "And you leave in a week."

"Oh my God." She covered her mouth. "Thank you. Thank you so much. So, so much!"

Keith chuckled. "You're welcome. We'll have to meet up tomorrow evening to go over everything."

"Yes, of course! I'll be there. Thank you!"

They hung up after a few more exchanges of her babbling like a fool, and then she turned to Mike. She blurted out, "I got the part!"

He smiled, quite obviously thrilled for her. No resentment or anger. Interesting... "I knew you would. Congrats, babe."

She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him, almost as happy at his happiness for her as she was at this wonderful opportunity. His hands hung at his sides for a second, and then he held her against him. But it felt weird. Almost as if he didn't want to hold her, yet didn't want to let her go. She wasn't sure what to make of it.

Or him.

When she pulled back and smiled up at him, he looked heart-achingly despondent. Then he grinned. Had she imagined the haunting emptiness in his eyes, or was he wearing a mask in front of her? Which one was the real Mike?

Or could it be both?

After all, she'd just told him she got the role of her life and he wasn't acting jealous or upset. Maybe she could have him and her career. Maybe she could have the love and the dancing. Maybe he had been right-it didn't have to be all or nothing.

She squeezed his shoulders. "I still can't believe it. This might be the best night of my life."

"I'm very, very happy for you." His smile didn't budge. "Should we go back and share a bottle of champagne to celebrate?"

"Sure. Why the hell not, right?" She laughed and held his hand, dragging him back to the room. For once, she felt like she was on top of the world. Like she could conquer anything or anyone. "Tomorrow night I have to go sign contracts and then I leave next week. We can figure-"

"Tomorrow night?" He stopped walking. "But that's Kiersten's wedding."

"Oh. Shit. I forgot." Maybe she could change the time of the meeting. Surely Keith would be flexible in that. She'd promised to go to the wedding and she would. Even if it meant having a 6 AM meeting or something. "I'll-"

"You know what? It's okay." He dragged a hand through his blond hair and gave a little laugh. "It's probably better this way. We can call it quits a day early and save an awkward explanation to my family about why we're breaking things off the next day. It's not a big deal at all."

Quits? There was no reason to call it quits. What the hell was going on? The walls closed in on her, making it harder to breathe. Harder to see anything except the fact that he was pushing her away. "But...I thought..."

"I did, too." He closed his eyes for a second, took a deep breath, then focused on her. His demeanor seemed cold and hard. She shivered and hugged herself. "But you were right, we had nothing between us except sex."

"But last night-"

"Was fun." He leveled a look on her, his jaw square. "But you're leaving next week and you need to be able to enjoy the time away-live the dreams you've always had-without a husband hanging at home waiting." He opened his mouth, then pressed his lips together tight before asking, "It's what you always wanted, right?"

Well, yeah. But that was before last night, when they'd agreed they had more than sex between them. Before he got her hopes up, then stomped on them. "Yeah..."

She thought she saw a look of vulnerability cross his face but he ducked his head before she could be sure. "Then you'll have it. You'll be free of our marriage. I'll have a lawyer contact you, and you'll never have to see me again."

"Wait just a second. Why are you pushing me away now?"

He opened his mouth and closed it. "Does it matter?"

"Yes. Yes it does." She swallowed past the tears threatening to escape.

His jaw ticked. "I don't see why it matters. Either way you're leaving. Either way, you're too busy to go to my sister's wedding with me. Either way, we're done."

"Oh. My. God." She leaned against the wall, unable to believe he was doing exactly what he said he wouldn't do. "That's what this is about. Me not being able to do some stupid little thing because of my work."

His head snapped up and he stared at her, nostrils flared and anger spitting out of his eyes. "Excuse me? My sister's wedding is not little or stupid. It's important to me."

"I know." There she went again, ruining her words with feelings. Damn it. She held her hands out to him, but he stared at them disdainfully. "I didn't mean it that way. I'm sorry."

"But you did." His shoulders deflated a little bit, but he quickly stood straight. "And, yeah, I am mad. Actually, I'm f**king pissed that you're going to throw everything we had going for us away without even caring, just like you said you would, as soon as a part came up."

"You're the one ruining this." She pointed a finger at him. "You're the one being bitter and holding my success against me, just like all the other men. You lied to me. You're not different."

He clenched his hands into fists. "Yes. Because me wanting you at my sister's wedding is so f**king awful?"

"Yes! Why is it so important to you that I go with you? Huh?"

"Because I f**king love you, that's why!" He turned as if to walk away but then spun back to her, his face red and his eyes blazing. "I f**king love you, like an idiot, and you don't even want to be with me."

Morgan didn't know what to say. She didn't know how to feel.

But she knew hearing those words from him sent equal amounts of happiness and fear shooting to her core. She hadn't wanted this. Hadn't wanted love. He'd promised not to fall for her, and yet...here they were. "I..."

"Fuck me." He covered his face with his hands and his voice came out flat. "Don't say anything. I shouldn't have said that. I...I didn't even mean it."

"That's just..." fucked up, she added silently. So he went and threw that declaration out there, and he didn't even mean it? What the hell was he playing at? "You're right. You shouldn't have."

He squared his jaw. "Sorry."

"I know what you're doing. You're trying to get me to give up my dream. To be your wife." Part of her knew he wasn't doing that, but he'd hit a trigger. And once it was cocked and loaded, it was hard to turn it off without firing. "You probably only said you loved me to get me to stay and be your personal sex slave. You didn't even mean it, did you?"

"How could you be so f**king blind? I-" He took a step toward her, his face red, but then stopped. "You know what? You're absolutely right. I'm a domineering ass**le who wants nothing but to see you fail. You should take off the ring and run away, before I drag you down with me to the slums of f**king suburbia. Run off to Chicago."

She froze, her whole body shaking. She couldn't breathe. God, why couldn't she breathe?

Was this what a panic attack felt like? "Maybe I will."

"Fine." He stared her down, not a hint of softness in his eyes. Certainly no love. "Go ahead."

"I will." With slippery fingers, she took the ring off and threw it at him. He let it drop to his feet, not even bothering to pick it up. That's how much it meant to him. "Don't come chasing me, begging me to come back."

He inclined his head. "I already told you I wouldn't. As a matter of fact, I'll leave now. Good luck, Morgan."

He turned on his heel and walked away from her.

The jerk walked away from her, before she could walk away from him. She watched him go, her fists tight at her sides, aching to chase after him and scream at him and hit him until everything made sense again. Until she knew what was right and what was wrong.

Until the aching hollowness in her chest went away.

Morgan turned around, picked her ring up off the floor and opened the door to their honeymoon suite. It looked so big now. So empty. And it was all his fault. She sank down on the mattress and covered her face. No. It wasn't all his fault. She'd flown off the handle as soon as he'd expressed hurt over the fact that she'd forgotten his sister's wedding. Was that really so unforgivable?

She flopped back on the bed and her elbow hit something hard. The TV came to life, and she heard her own voice, slurred and way too sloppy sounding. Unrecognizable, even.

"Marry me," she slurred into the camera.

Morgan sat up and rubbed her eyes. Oh, no. It was the wedding DVD. Had Mike been watching it before he came to get her? Had he been watching their wedding? Why? And did she always look that stupid when she drank too much?

Mike's voice ripped her out of her distraction. Just hearing it sent a fist of pain straight through her heart. She hugged her knees to her chest, holding on tight.

"Tell the camera why you asked me to marry you," a slow speaking Mike said, his mouth an inch from Drunk Morgan's ear. "Tell the camera who asked who tonight, in case you forget and don't believe me tomorrow."

"I asked you because you'll be the best husband ever. You'll never hold me down," Morgan said, grinning sloppily into the camera. "Right?"

"Not unless you want me to," Mike murmured in her ear.

"Well, I just might, husband. Later tonight."

"I'm not your husband yet." Mike grinned and tossed her over his shoulder. "Elvis, marry us before she changes her mind!"

Mike started for the altar but a hand reached out and grabbed his arm. Alistair, presumably. "Dude, are you sure? Why are you doing this?"

Mike turned to him, leaned in close, and whispered, "Because I think I'm gonna fall head over ass in love with this woman, and she's mine. I love how determined she is to succeed, and I want to watch her grow. Help her."

Morgan's breath caught, and she clung to her knees.

Al's hand dropped out of sight. "I'll be damned. A girl who out-Mike'd Mike. All right. Then I'm behind you, if you're sure. And later on, when you watch this video-"

"I'll be even more happy because by then, I'll love her and she'll love me, too." Mike slapped Drunk Morgan's ass, making her squeal. How long had she hung there, not speaking or moving? "Right, wife?"

"Right." Drunk Morgan pointed at the altar. "Now let's do it."

Morgan shut off the movie, unable to watch any more of the wedding. The look in Mike's eyes when he said he might love her someday was the same way he'd looked at her tonight after he'd told her he loved her. Before their fight had ruined it all. Before she could...

Before she could even think about saying I love you, too.

Chapter Thirteen

Mike tightened his bow tie and glowered at himself in the mirror. He'd been moping about since last night, wanting nothing more than to strangle himself for his own stupidity. He'd broken his every rule. Broken everything he ever believed in, and for what? A few nights of marital bliss that would be forever in his past, haunting him?

He'd become everything he hadn't wanted ever to be.

Now he was at his sister's wedding and all he could think about was Morgan. Morgan when she laughed. Morgan when she asked him if he'd meant what he said about loving her. Morgan when she told him he was despicable. All of it morphed into one crazy memory until he didn't know what the hell he was feeling anymore.

Did it even matter?

Fuck everyone who had found their happily ever after. Who needed fairy tales, anyway? In a few days he would be back to normal. Cruising the bars and hitting on beautiful women with whom he didn't want a relationship. Women who meant nothing to him.

Right after he managed to remove the wedding ring he still wore.

He clutched his fist tight, the band digging into his fingers.

But not tonight. Not yet. Tonight, he'd play the part of the solo husband. Women would leave him alone because of his ring and he could heal in peace.

Shit, now he really sounded like Oprah.

The door opened and Garrett entered, his cheeks flushed and his eyes sparkling. He looked so happy. Much like Mike had looked on his own wedding night which, thanks to Al, he'd gotten to see. That was right before everything collapsed around him, and directly after he realized he loved Morgan...and then told her how he felt, like the fool he was.

He should've kept that information to himself. At least he could've kept his pride.

"It's almost time," Garrett said, smoothing his tux jacket and grinning at Mike in the mirror. "I can't believe this is actually happening and she hasn't run for the hills yet."

Mike choked back his own misery He wouldn't miss the joy of such a momentous event. Garrett had been in love with Kiersten since high school. He deserved every happiness. "Me either. I have to admit, when you got her pregnant, I thought you'd fail in winning her heart."

"For a while, I did too." Garrett turned to him. "But for some reason, she loves me. And I couldn't be happier."

"I know. And I'm happy for you both. I love you, man."

Mike cleared his throat, overcome by love for a second. Shit, Morgan had made him acknowledge his feelings for Garrett and Kiersten and everyone. He'd gone his whole life without getting choked up about anything, but now here he was, about to slobber and snot all over himself because his best friend was marrying his sister.

Might as well give him a pair of pink heels, that apron Morgan had worn, and stick him in the f**king kitchen. He was done.

"Uh, I love you too, dude?" Garrett eyed him cautiously. "You okay? You're kind of freaking me out right now."

Mike snapped himself out of it. "Yeah. I was just picturing how I'd kill you if you ever hurt my sister."

"Wow." Garrett tugged at his bowtie, seeming relieved at the change of topic. "Guess I'll have to not hurt her then, huh?"

Mike clapped him on the shoulder. "Somehow, I think you can manage that. When you love someone, you try to make their life better, not worse."

That's why he had set Morgan free. Let her leave angry at him instead of being torn about what she should do. Which was why he'd said he didn't mean it when he said he loved her. Also why he'd flipped out at her about her work, knowing it would set her off, and he'd tried not to let her know how much he would miss her.

And, damn it, he would miss her a hell of a lot. He already did.

Garrett fiddled with his bowtie again, then dropped his hands at his sides so Mike could help straighten it. "Is Morgan out there?"

"Uh, no." Mike's fingers stilled at the mention of her name but he forced himself to keep moving. "We're kind of done. She got a part in a play that's going to be touring the country so we figured it was best to call it quits."

Alistair knocked on the door and poked his head in. "Hey."

"Hey," Garrett said without looking away from Mike. "Why did you guys have to split just because she got a role?"

"Were we ever really together?" Mike asked, his voice choked.

"You let her leave? But I thought you were going to fall in love with her." Alistair nudged Mike, a grin on his face. "Came to your senses once the booze wore off, huh?"

Mike swallowed hard, trying his best to sound casual. "Yeah. Something like that."

Alistair's smile slipped. "Oh."

"You okay?" Garrett grabbed his arm. "If you need to-"

Mike shrugged free. "Stop hitting on me. I'm not your type."

"Mike," Garrett said, his tone hard. "I'm being serious here."

"I know. I'm fine. Enjoy your day."

Garrett looked at him for a little while longer, then nodded. "All right. But if you need me-"

Mike held his hand up. "You'll be on your honeymoon, having the type of fun with your wife that I don't even want to begin to contemplate, since I'm convinced Amy was Immaculate Conception."

Garrett snorted. "Uh. Yeah. That's right."

Mike continued on. "And I'll have your kids while you're gone." Mike forced a smile. "You'll be fine and so will I. I promise to keep them alive."

"Um, if you guys have had enough female bonding then it's time to go get married." Alistair opened the door and then whispered to Garrett, "Want me to help you run away since your best man won't?"

"Nah. My feet are happily pointed toward the altar."

Mike's smile slipped a little bit. Yeah. His had been, too, even if he had been drunk off his ass. "Let's go. I'll get you up there and make sure you stay."

Chapter Fourteen

Morgan stood on the church steps, took a calming breath and smoothed her sweaty palms across her light aqua dress. The chiffon skirt blew in the chilled evening breeze and she rubbed the goose bumps from her arms. Her hair was in a loosely braided bun and her makeup was flawless.

Everything was perfectly in place, except her.

She wasn't supposed to be here. Mike had told her they were done and walked away without a second glance. But she clung to the hope that he'd been hiding his pain from her and that he might actually love her, like he'd shouted in the hallway. That his words hadn't been a slip of the tongue, but rather the truth slipping free.

Because she definitely loved him. And she wanted him back.

She treaded up the first step, her heart in her throat and her boots each weighing a ton. Though she should have worn heels underneath her floor-length gown, she kept her boots on for one reason and one reason only. Mike liked them. And if she was going to crash his sister's wedding and tell him she loved him...then she was going to do it right.

Damn it.

By the time she reached the door, her hands were shaking and she swore her feet were going to slip out of her boots from the layer of sweat covering her body. With her hand on the large metal door handle, she stood there panicking. She couldn't do this. Couldn't beg him to love her and give her another chance.

Could she?

The door swung open and Brianna was there, smiling. She grabbed Morgan's arm and hauled her inside, closing the door behind her. "Are you going to stand there all day or are you going to come in and sit before the wedding starts?"

Morgan blinked at the shadowy interior. The church smelled like incense and expensive cologne. The lights were dimmed low and an organ strummed lightly from within the church. "Did it start yet?"

"No." Brianna grabbed her hand and tugged her toward the double doors. "Your husband is already in there, at the altar. You can sit up front with the family, on the left."

So, Mike hadn't told Brianna they'd split up? Hadn't told his family what had happened? They had no idea and thought she was just another member of the family now. She wasn't. At all. She couldn't do this-pretend to be something she wasn't in front of the people Mike loved.

Not to mention the fact that if she sat up front with his family, he would see her right away. She wanted to watch him from a distance and assess the situation. Get the metaphorical balls to approach him. Panic clawed up her throat, choking her. "Oh, no. I don't want to be a bother. I'll just sit in the back."

"But-?"

Morgan slid into the last pew in the church, hastily crossing herself as she sat. "See? I'm fine back here. I'll talk to Mike after."

Brianna gave her an odd look, but then patted her shoulder. "Okay. I'll see you at the reception."

"Yeah. Sure."

Morgan watched Brianna rush back into the foyer and then sank back against the wood pew. She could make out Mike at the front of the church but his back was to her. If she had any luck, he wouldn't see her until the wedding was over. Then, and only then, could she approach him and pull him into a private room.

He turned toward the pews and smiled, looking as if he couldn't be happier. As if nothing was wrong. And it hurt to see him so happy. Maybe she'd been wrong to come here. Wrong about his feelings. Wrong about everything. Just as she debated slipping out the back door and disappearing, she realized what a freaking wuss she was being.

It didn't matter if she was wrong. She needed to tell him how she felt or she would never know if he felt the same. She couldn't have the uncertainty hanging over her head for the rest of her life.

Someone tapped her shoulder. "May I sit with you?"

"Sure." She slid over and looked up. Once she saw the red hair and green eyes, and the no nonsense manner in which he held himself, she recognized him. "You're Alistair, right?"

"Yeah." His eyes flashed. "But you can call me Al."

"All right." She adjusted her skirt and stared down at her legs. She didn't know what to say to this man who'd witnessed her wedding. Gee, thanks for recording me being a drunk dumbass didn't quite seem sufficient. "This is a beautiful wedding."

"Yeah, it is." Al rubbed the back of his neck. "Why are you here?"

She looked at him out of the corner of her eye, twisting the chiffon dress in her fists. "You know?"

"Yeah. I know you two called it quits. And he didn't seem too happy about it."

Morgan stole a quick peek at Mike, then focused on her hands again. If she stared at him too long, he might sense someone watching him. "He looks fine to me."

Al shrugged. "He's not."

"Well, neither am I." She licked her lips and turned to Al, not knowing why she was about to spill her guts out to a stranger but also not caring. "I'm here because I'm not happy, either. I want him back."

"I don't think you ever lost him." Al motioned to the altar. "He's still wearing his ring, and I see you are, too. Maybe you never really ended. Maybe you two just had your first fight as a married couple."

She choked on a laugh. "I never wanted to get married."

"Neither did he." Al ran his hand through his hair. "Believe me...neither did he."

The music struck up and the bride came down the aisle on the arm of Thomas. Morgan teared up at the pure happiness on Kiersten's face. God, if she'd had to get married, she had wanted this. The wedding. The dress. Instead, she'd gotten a drunken night in Vegas and a pair of shorts.

A night she didn't even remember.

Looking up at the altar, she saw Mike. He was watching Kiersten, the same bittersweet expression on his face that she suspected was on hers. Her heart twisted and she clung to her skirt even harder. She wanted to run up the aisle and throw herself in his arms. Hug him and tell him she loved him.

But she couldn't ruin the wedding.

Al leaned in. "He would give you another wedding, if you wanted one. He'd do anything to make the person he loved happy."

"I know." She swallowed hard. "I just hope he really does love me."

"Well, then, you'll have to ask."

The rest of the wedding passed by in a blur, with a bit of laughter when Garrett kissed Kiersten before the priest officially married them. By the time they turned around and headed back down the aisle as man and wife, Morgan was a gooey-limbed mess. She stood up and smoothed her hair, hoping she didn't look like the wreck she felt.

The back of her neck tingled, as if someone were watching her. She lifted her head, and her gaze collided with Mike's. He was still on the altar but he'd seen her. He stood there for a second, immobilized, and then he marched down the steps and headed for her. His steps were sure and his face inscrutable. He could be contemplating throwing her out on her ass, or he could be picturing her in his arms. God, she wanted him to pick her up and swing her in his arms and tell her he loved her again.

His eyes darkened the closer he got to her and she shifted on her feet. Al stood and left her alone, abandoning ship before it sank. It was only her, Mike, and the priest in the room.

Her heart raced, her body battling the nerve-wracking panic that usually came before a big audition. Except this was more important than an audition. This was her happily-ever-after that she was fighting for.

She smoothed her dress and focused on the man walking towards her.

Courage, don't fail me now.

Chapter Fifteen

She had come. Morgan was here at his sister's wedding but he had no idea why. He tried to read her face as he approached, tried to get a feel for what was going on inside her head, but she stared back at him with wide blue eyes and a pale face-while doing severe damage to her pretty blue dress.

He clenched his own hands into fists and closed the distance between them. Then he stopped in front of her, making sure to keep a little bit of distance between them. Her sweet fragrance surrounded him and he closed his eyes while inhaling. Would he ever get to savor her scent again? Or was this a good-bye?

"What are you doing here?" he asked as he opened his eyes and focused his gaze on her. His voice came out raspy.

She flinched. "I promised I would come and I don't like to break my promises, either."

"Oh." So that's all there was to it. The little bit of hope he'd clung to drifted away like a balloon in the breeze. "Right."

"No, that's a lie." She squared her shoulders and took a deep breath. "You walked away from me last night."

He had. It had been one of the hardest things he'd ever done. He shoved his hands in his pockets. "Yeah."

"Why?"

"Because it seemed like it was time." He leaned against the pew, trying to pretend he wasn't a tightly wound ball of nerves right now. "You were leaving and I said something I shouldn't have..."

Her lips parted and she moved closer to him. "What did you say that you shouldn't have?"

"I think we both know the answer to that." He gritted his teeth. "But it was stupid. I promised you I wouldn't want more but then I went ahead and asked for more anyway. That's on me."

She rested her hand on his elbow and squeezed gently. "You can't help the way you feel."

"Yeah, I can. But it's over now."

"Is it?" She took a shaky breath. "Are you sure?"

His heart sure didn't seem to think they were over, but his head knew better. "You don't need to feel bad or check in on me. I was good before I met you and I'll be okay after meeting you, too. I'm not the kind of man to mope around after a woman once she leaves."

"Not even-?"

"Not even." He shrugged. "I know it doesn't seem like it, since I was an idiot and said I loved you, but I'm not really into love and relationships. So this is a blessing in disguise. You can rest easy. I'll be fine. No. I am fine."

"What if I'm not?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper. She clenched her skirt again and licked her lips. "What if I'm miserable?"

His heart leapt but he wrestled it down. "Why would you be miserable? You got the role of your life. Be happy. Celebrate. Get drunk-but don't get married again until I get the divorce going."

She shook her head but didn't laugh like he expected. Tears filled her eyes. "I don't want to get married again."

"Well, neither do I." He took his hands out of his pockets. "I have to go get in the pictures and stuff. Thanks for coming. You don't have to come to the reception." He hugged her, maybe a little bit longer than necessary, but hell, he couldn't help it. He loved her. "Good luck with your career. I expect updates letting me know how everything is going."

She clung to him when he stepped back. Or maybe that had been his imagination. She looked up at him with those shining bright blue eyes. God, Puss in Boots had nothing on her. "Right. I will."

"Good." He opened his mouth, closed it and swallowed hard. There was nothing more to say. "Bye."

He turned on his heel and headed for the door, his entire body as rigid as a board. Shit, this was what a broken heart felt like. He felt bad for teasing Garrett about it last year. Man, this sucked donkey nuts. He rubbed the spot over his heart where he ached and flexed his jaw. He needed a stiff drink or ten.

"Mike!" Morgan called out, her voice tinged with desperation. "Look at me."

He froze mid-step. "Why?"

"I need you to look at me when I..." He heard the rustle of fabric as she approached. "I h-have to tell you something."

He grabbed the pew next to him, unable to stand straight. "Okay." He turned around and met her eyes. What he saw there gave him reason to breathe again. Gave him reason to remember why he'd married her. Why he wanted to stay married to her.

"I don't want to get married again because I want to stay married to you. Even though I didn't want to love anyone or be married, you made me change my mind. You said all along that maybe we knew what we were doing when we woke up married and I think you're right. I think Drunk Morgan was the smartest she'd ever been." She broke off and laughed nervously. "And now I'm referring to myself in the third person. That's fabulous."

His heartbeat, which had dropped to his feet like an anvil at the beginning of their conversation, now boomed in his chest. "Morgan? What are you trying to say?"

She held out her hands. "That I want to be your wife, and I...I love you. And I hope you love me, like you said last night. Well, screamed, actually. But I hope you're willing to take a chance on me. To give me the chance to be your wife. Your real wife."

The dam inside of him broke. He stumbled forward and caught her in his arms. "Hell yeah, I love you. I just can't believe you love me, too."

He swooped in and held her tenderly, dropping a kiss on her head, cherishing the fact that she loved him like he loved her. Who would have thought a drunken night in Vegas would lead to a marriage he hadn't even known he wanted, but could no longer live without?

He rested his cheek against hers. She tightened her fists on his jacket, tugging him closer. "I wish we weren't in a church right now. I can't kiss you in here."

"Seriously?" He pulled back and looked down at her in surprise. His little hellion couldn't kiss her husband in church?

"Seriously."

"I think He would approve." His grip on her hips tightened. "But we could not be inside."

"I like how you think, husband." She grinned up at him, her blue eyes sparkling and pulling him in deeper than he already was. "But don't you have to find Brianna for the pictures? Do you have time?"

"When it comes to kissing you, I have all the time in the world."

Grabbing his hand, she tugged him toward the doors. "Then let's go."

When she lifted her skirt to walk faster, he caught sight of her boots. His mouth dried out. "You wore your boots under that? I might be a dude and therefore clueless about fashion, but even I know that's not right."

She winked at him over her shoulder. "I know how much you like them and I wanted to make you happy."

His heart sped up. "You know me so well, babe."

"Well." She fluttered her lashes at him. "You are my husband. It's kind of my job."

"Speaking of being your husband..." His grip on her tightened as they walked out the doors and into the fresh air. "I have a request pertaining to your upcoming role."

She stopped walking so abruptly that he almost crashed into her. He caught her shoulder with his free hand and righted himself. She nibbled on her lower lip. "You want me to turn down the part. I can. I'd been thinking about it already, since we've just gotten-"

"Stop right there." He scowled. "Don't even think about it. You are not, I repeat not, turning down that role. If you even threaten me with that again, I'll divorce your pretty little ass so fast you won't know what hit you."

She blinked at him, her mouth in a perfect o. "But-"

"No buts." He swung her in his arms and kissed her forehead. "I would never ask you to do that, and I won't accept it from you, either."

She wrapped her arms around his neck and blinked back tears. "Then what do you want?"

"I want a real wedding when you come back." He nibbled on her ear and maneuvered her toward the side of the building, where they wouldn't be seen. Even though his face was buried in her neck, he knew she was smiling. He could feel it.

"Really?"

"Yes. I want to see you in that white dress, walking down the aisle toward me with a white veil and a pair of white cowboy boots."

She let out a bubble of laughter. "Boots?"

"Yeah." He lifted her up in his arms, hugging her close. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders. "I'm happiest when you're wearing boots."

"And I'm happiest when you're happy." She entwined her fingers in his hair, yanking him down until his lips touched hers. "So boots it is."

"Mm." He kissed her sweetly, right outside of the church on the steps. When he pulled back from her, he nuzzled her ear and whispered, "I f**king love you."

She smiled and buried her face in his neck. "I f**king love you, too."

Epilogue

Five years later

Mike leaned back in the beach chair and breathed in the smell of sandy beach and suntan lotion. Hot sun. Blue ocean waters crashing on golden sand, kicking up a spray of salt water every so often. A cold Corona in one hand, and his gorgeous wife's hand in his other. And his wife? She wore a skimpy red bikini and nothing else.

What more could a guy like him ask for?

Morgan rolled over and smiled at him, the brim of her hat shading her blue eyes. But he knew they would be sparkling away, almost as bright as her smile. "I can't believe how perfect this island is. Why did we wait so long to come here?"

"I don't know but I agree. It's a slice of heaven." He yanked her onto his lap and nibbled on her throat, toying with the knot she'd tied at the back of her bikini top. "But I can think of a few ways to make it better."

"Hm." She dug her nails into his shoulders and swayed closer. "I'm intrigued. Wanna go-?"

"Knock it off over there." Garrett dropped down into the chair next to them. "If I'm not allowed to grope my wife in front of you, then you can't do it in front of me, either."

Mike traced the line of Morgan's hip with his hand. She shivered, and he bit back a grin. "It's not the same. My wife isn't your sister."

"She's my sister-in-law." Garrett took a swig of his beer. "That counts."

Kiersten came up and sat in Garrett's lap. Her belly was slightly swollen with another baby and she'd never looked more gorgeous. "What are you two fighting about now?"

"Nothing," Mike said.

"Nothing," Garrett said at the same time. Garrett winked at him, then hugged Kiersten close. "We're just discussing sisters. One of which Amy and Chris are about to get."

Kiersten laughed. "It might be a boy this time."

"It might be." Garrett kissed Kiersten on the nose. "But it might not be."

Mike looked down at Morgan's own perfectly flat stomach, and for a second he wished that she was the one with the swollen stomach. She'd just come off of a year-long tour with Wicked and was scheduled to be home for the next year. It would be the perfect time...

"Did you two pick names yet?" Morgan asked, her voice soft.

"If it's a boy, Gabriel."

Garrett grinned. "And when it's a girl, she'll be called Emmy."

"You're so stubborn," Kiersten said sternly, but her smile ruined the effect.

Garrett played with Kiersten's hair. "You wouldn't have me any other way."

"You two are way too fu-" Mike broke off and looked over his shoulder. The kids were too close for comfort. "-Funtastically cute."

Garrett laughed. "Funtastic? Really?"

"Hey, you gotta roll with what ya got," Mike said. "And we've got a lot of kids running around here. We could start a fu-" He slammed his mouth shut. Shit. It was probably a good thing he and Morgan wouldn't have kids. "Uh, fun basketball team here."

Garrett rolled his eyes. "If you two are ever going to have kids, you'll need to learn how to watch your mouth."

"I don't think I have to worry about that," Mike said. He raised his beer and took a swig to hide the pang of bittersweet irony.

Morgan relaxed and leaned against him, closing her eyes and snuggling close. "Hm. This is so peaceful."

"Yeah." He rested his cheek on her head, his eyes on the kids. "It is."

Thomas and Brianna came out of the ocean, hand in hand. Thomas wore black swim trunks and a pair of shades, while Brianna wore her long blond hair in a ponytail and sported a bikini as well. His hand rested perilously close to Brianna's ass.

"Knock it off." Erica, wearing a one-piece swimsuit, and Jeremy, heavily inked and sporting a pair of shades, said from behind them. "I don't need to see that."

"Fine." Thomas brushed against Brianna's ass as he wrapped an arm around her waist, and Mike looked away. He didn't need to see that shit. His sister could be happy if she wanted but he didn't need to know how or why.

Brianna headed for the empty spot next to Garrett and Kiersten. Thomas sat at her feet and rested his head on her legs.

Mike grinned. "Go ahead. Sit at her feet like a puppy."

"Oh, stop it!" Morgan smacked his arm. "You love seeing your sisters happy and you know it."

"I love knowing they're happy. Not seeing it. And also-"

Morgan kissed Mike into silence, and damned if he cared. She could do that any time, any day. She pulled back and cupped his cheek before slapping it lightly. Damn, he liked it when she played rough. "Behave yourself."

He cocked a brow. "Make me."

Erica sat down on their other side and Jeremy sat in between her feet, like Thomas. Mike looked around him, watching all the men at the beck and call of their women-including himself. If he'd seen this image five years ago, he would have made a sarcastic comment about men being pu**y whipped. Hell, he probably still would today.

But he was happy. Really, truly happy.

And so was everyone else he loved.

Erica played with Jeremy's hair. Jeremy leaned in to her touch. "We could get stationed out here, you know. In Hawaii. Live in the sunset and tropical breeze all year long. How's that sound?"

"I think we should stay in Camp Pendleton. We just got back there from Camp Lejeune, and we've only got six years left." She cocked her head and watched her kids playing in the sand. "Then again, six years in Hawaii might not be too shabby."

Thomas leaned forward. "You're not moving to Hawaii. I'd never see you again."

"You could come visit, Tommy," Jeremy said, stressing the nickname Thomas hated. "We'll always have room for you."

Mike grinned at them and closed his eyes. He was so f**king happy it hurt. It was official. He'd gone soft. He couldn't help it. Morgan kissed Mike's shoulder and he considered the idea of a little bit of PDA. He gripped her thigh and squeezed tight when she nibbled on his skin. "Watch yourself, woman."

"Make me." She bit harder. "If you can."

He caressed her hip, peeking out of his closed lids to make sure no one was watching, and traced the line of her bikini. At her indrawn breath, he dipped his fingers even lower.

The kids all came over, plopping at their parents' feet or chairs or towels. The only ones without anyone surrounding them were Mike and Morgan. He stole a quick glance at her, wondering if she noticed the same absence he did. She nibbled on her lip and looked back at him. Her blue eyes sparkled up at him.

He kissed her nose. "Whatcha thinking?"

"I'm thirsty."

Okay. Not what he'd hoped for, but whatever. "I'll get you a margarita."

"Uh..." He started to lift his hand for the waitress to come over but Morgan shook her head. "No thanks. I'll have a lemonade."

Mike's niece, Katelyn, stood up, stumbling in her haste, and held her iPhone in front of her. "I need a picture of us all."

"Not so fast, princess." Thomas stood. "You need to be in it, too. Let's get someone to take the picture." As he headed toward a waitress, who walked around in a skimpy bikini, Brianna smiled and watched. Thomas gestured toward their group, and then came back. He eyed Zach and Chris. "Boys, get over here."

Nineteen-year-old Zach said something to the blond girl next to him, then strode over. Chris followed more slowly but did the same. They all settled into their places and smiled.

The waitress held the phone up. "Okay. On three. One...Two..."

Everyone perked up. Thomas gave Brianna bunny ears, Jeremy hugged Erica closer, Kiersten stuck her tongue out at Garrett, and Morgan leaned closer to Mike. Mike hugged her tight, never wanting to let go.

"Three." The flash went off.

Kiersten stood up and rubbed her belly. "I think I need a nap." She gestured for her kids to come over, then turned to Garrett. "You coming?"

"Do you really need to ask?" Garrett leapt to his feet. "If you're going, I'm following."

Mike swung his phone. He'd downloaded a whipping app that made the noise when he shook his iPhone. Wah-peeshe.

"Seriously?" Garrett asked, shaking his towel and sending sand flying every which way. "I can't believe you downloaded an app just so you could make fun of me."

"And it was worth every penny." Mike swung his phone again. Wah-peeshe.

"And you're not whipped?" Garrett asked, laughing.

"Never said that," Mike said.

"You're not whipped." Morgan said, patting his shoulder. "You're just...obedient."

Mike cocked a brow. "Yeah. We'll see about that."

After a few more minutes, and plans to meet up later for dinner, one by one, the couples all drifted apart, heading in various directions. Once he and Morgan were alone, Mike grabbed Morgan's hand and led her toward the bar. She covered a yawn with her hand and leaned against him. He hesitated. He hadn't actually been planning on napping but she looked exhausted. "Do you want to actually take a nap?"

"Actually, I'd love a nap. But I need a drink first."

"Still want a virgin lemonade?"

"Yeah. I'm tired." Morgan looked at him from the corner of her eye. "I don't want to throw booze in the mix, too."

"Lightweight," he teased. As he ordered two lemonades, he leaned against the bar and looked out at the water. "I could get used to this place. Got any good theaters out here for you to work at? I could find a job here, I bet."

Morgan laughed uneasily. "Maybe. I'm not sure. I never looked."

Mike watched her, his curiosity piqued. She was hiding something. He could tell by the way she laughed just now. What was it? He paid for their drinks and led her to their hotel room. Outside the door, a swing sat waiting for them behind a fence. Once they sat down, he studied her. She kept taking small sips and avoiding his eyes. Yeah. Something was definitely up. "What's wrong, babe?"

Morgan startled and turned to him, the straw between her lips. "Huh? What do you mean?"

"You're hiding something." He leaned closer and played with the brim of her hat. "I know it, and so do you. Spit it out and get it over with. You'll feel better."

She took a deep breath and set down her half empty glass. "Fine. But don't get all worked up. Let me finish talking first."

He gripped his cup tight. Shit. He wasn't going to like this. "All right."

"Remember how I said I would be home for a year and wouldn't be taking another role for a while?" She toyed with the strings on the side of her bikini bottom and ducked her head.

"Yeah. I remember."

"Well, something came up." She peeked up at him, then lowered her head again. "Something changed, that is."

Since when was his Morgan so damn worried about how he would react? He'd been thrilled for every role she'd gotten. Hell, he'd even traveled around most of the country watching her perform when he could. "Why are you acting so skittish? I've never been pissed at you for taking a part before, and I won't be starting now."

He grabbed her hand and squeezed tight, ignoring the surge of disappointment threatening to choke him. He'd known what he signed on for when he married her and he wouldn't let her see how much he would miss her. It was part of their life. Besides, it was almost the end of the school year. He would be able to travel with her all through the summer months.

"It's not that. You've been nothing but supportive." She finally met his eyes. "But this role is a bit more permanent."

"Okay..." He scooted closer and set his glass down next to hers. "Is it in Vegas? Or what?"

"Yeah." She licked her lips. "And the rehearsal period is about nine months."

"That's a long time." He cocked his head. "What's the show?"

"It doesn't have a name yet." She tugged his hand to her stomach and laid it flat. "But we can pick one together, once we know more."

His entire world spun around him, crashed to the ground, then floated back up to the f**king sky. "You mean-uh, are you saying...?"

She bit down on her lip and nodded, looking pale. "I'm pregnant. I know you didn't want any kids, so I know it'll be hard to accept at first, but I hope-"

He leapt to his feet and lifted her in his arms, slamming his lips down on hers. She clung to him, making a little moaning sound. By the time he pulled back, she was starry eyed and her lips were swollen. He grinned down at her and lowered her carefully to her feet. "I can't believe this."

"I know. Me either." She tucked her hair behind her ear. "I think it's from when I was on antibiotics last month. It messed with the pill."

"Are you okay with this?" He gripped her shoulders, trying to swallow back his own excitement until he could make sure she was okay. "I know you didn't want kids until your career was over."

"I'm actually really happy." She gave him a hesitant smile. "I didn't think I would be but I'm ready. I want to be a mom. Want to see what our baby will look like. Are you happy?"

"Happy doesn't even begin to describe what I'm feeling," he said, spinning her in his arms one more time. "I'm f**king ecstatic."

She pressed a finger to his lips. "You'll have to cut back on that. Garrett's right."

"I will. If I can keep my language clean at school then I'm sure I can keep it clean at home, too." He nibbled on her finger. "But I have nine months to worry about that. Until then..."

She tugged him back toward the bedroom, her eyes smoky and dark with promise. "Yeah?"

"Until then, I can say..." He picked her up, carried her inside the hotel room, and gently tossed her on the soft bed. Crawling between her legs, he dropped a kiss on her belly. "I f**king love you, babe."

"I f**king love you, too," she murmured, love shining in her eyes. "But I'm not becoming a dance mom. And I'm not quitting dancing altogether."

He grinned and undid her bikini bottom. "Of course not."

"As long as we're on the same page...keep doing what you're doing," she said, her voice breathless.

"Gladly."

He grinned, knowing that life couldn't get any better than this.<br/>

