Chapter One

Jeremy stumbled along a deserted road just outside Vegas. At least...he thought he was outside Vegas. The heatwave-shimmer of darkness on the horizon could be Pittsburgh. Reno. Aliens. It depended on whether this was dehydration or a really bad hangover. With the April sun beating down on his head, Jeremy was leaning toward dehydration. He felt like an egg in a frying pan, sizzled and broken.

Though he was pretty sure the sunlight wasn't to blame for how he'd gotten here.

He'd come to Vegas for a little fun. That was what leave was about, right? Fast times, cheap booze, plenty of gambling. He was pretty sure people only ended up bruised and stranded in the middle of Buttfuck, Nowhere, in the movies. He blamed the damned squid for his own personal reenactment of The Hangover. Jeremy had kept his cool until the sailor had called him a coward and a jarhead.

Then he'd lost it.

He wished he could blame the alcohol, but he'd been sober at that point. It wasn't until after the fight, his eye black and his lip swollen, that he'd nursed his wounded pride with a visit from Johnny Walker. His own temper, built up over the months of a high-tension deployment, had gotten him into this mess. The liquor had just made his bruises hurt a little less.

Though he'd sure as hell like to know what happened between the bottom of the bottle and the side of the road.

He fingered the split in his lower lip and let out a bitter laugh. Idiot. At twenty-seven, he should know better than to drink until he dropped. He never lost control like that. Never let himself. Not after what his father had done to his mother. His father had blamed the bottle, too.

Yeah. Right. Even sober, his father was an ass**le.

Jeremy wouldn't let himself follow in his father's footsteps: a loser behind bars, with no hope for a future and no one who loved him enough to bother visiting. Jeremy was a Marine. He made his own life, did his best to look after people.

And if he roughed up one squid on leave, well...Jeremy hadn't thrown the first punch. Sure, he'd lost the fight and ended up as desert road kill-but at least he could claim self-defense.

With a snort, he ducked his head against the sunlight and trudged along the road. At least he'd get to work on his tan.

That tan was turning into the beginning of a sunburn before he finally heard a car engine rumbling behind him. It was the first sign of life he'd seen since he stumbled out of the desert. Finally. He'd started to think he'd slept through the end of the world. Zombies optional.

He turned to walk backward, facing the wavering silver gleam that sped toward him. His mouth was too dry to even try shouting, his tongue swollen. He waved his arms over his head like a madman and stepped into the road. The late afternoon sun reflected off the hood, blinding him.

Please don't run me over.

Not that it wouldn't be a fitting end to this hellish day.

Brakes screeched. Jeremy stumbled off the road and landed on his ass in the sand. Grit stung his reddened skin. A cactus decided to f**k with him just a little more and poked into his back. Son of a bitch. He rubbed at his eyes; negative-image floaters swam against the insides of his eyelids.

A car door opened with a k-chnk. Footsteps pounded the pavement, their noise drawing closer. Jeremy cracked his eyelids open enough to squint at the driver. Short. Female. That was all he could make out.

She dropped to her knees at his side. "Are you all right?"

Her voice was soft. Sweet. Melodious. Familiar. He thought of warm summer nights by the pool, watching the stars.

With his best friend's sister at his side.

Oh, hell.

"...Erica?" Please, God, no. Anyone but Erica. He rubbed at his eyes and blinked at her. Same brown hair. Same brown eyes. Same soft, sweet face. It was Erica, all right.

Shit.

"Do I know you...?" She eyed him warily, her eyes empty of recognition.

Any moment now she'd remember him. Jeremy Addison. The fool who'd confessed his love to her. The idiot who'd driven her away with his stupid mouth. She'd run before he'd even finished the you in I love you. It had been years, but she'd remember.

And it would all go downhill from there.

And five...four...three...two...

"...Jeremy? Is that you?"

"Yep," he croaked. The only way this day could get worse was if her brother was in the car. Tommy. His ex-best friend. That would dropkick things from downhill to straight into the shitter pretty fast.

Jeremy cleared his throat and tried to force something resembling a human voice past his lips. "Uh. How are you?"

"How am I?" Her eyes widened. "How are you? What the hell happened? You look like a POW."

Her soft, cool hands pressed to his shoulders, then slid over him. He knew she was only checking for injuries, but his heart stumbled nonetheless. Maybe if his skin didn't feel like an overcooked hot dog, he'd actually enjoy her touch.

"I don't remember," he mumbled.

What he really meant was I drank myself into a drunken stupor. And I think now I'll go do it again, thank you. Go ahead and run away now. This time, I won't blame you. And this time, he thought, he'd try tequila. Anything to erase the memory of humiliating himself in front of the girl he'd been in love with since the first grade.

He sighed. "The last I remember, I was hanging around the Bellagio. Hadn't even cracked my first beer.. Some Navy jackass called me out. Picked a fight with ten of his buddies. Next thing I know, I'm waking up with a mouthful of sand."

"How long have you been out here?" She felt his forehead. He could've told her without checking; he was running somewhere between fricasseed and hot as hell, Fahrenheit.

He gritted his teeth. "No clue."

"Come on." She slung an arm under his and gave him her shoulder. "In the car. You're probably dehydrated. I have some bottled water."

He'd have laughed if it didn't hurt so much. Jeremy had a good foot or more on Erica. She'd hit five foot one when they were eleven, and hadn't grown an inch since. He still remembered her marking off her height on the doorframe of her family's antique frame house, and finally giving up after it didn't change for six straight months. Sad that he still remembered that-her pretty, slim fingers curled around the marker, the way she pouted.

But he always remembered things like that. Story of his life.

It was more stubbornness than strength that got him back on his feet. She wrapped her arm around his hips, as if she had even half a chance of supporting him. His heart gave a painful lurch, and his gut tightened. He ignored it. His body and heart never could be objective where Erica was concerned.

She was only helping him, he told himself. Taking pity on him after finding him in a pathetic heap on the side of the road. She didn't care about him. She hadn't then. She didn't now. She was just a good person...and to her, he was practically a stranger. Too many years had passed, and too much had changed.

Including Jeremy.

One grueling step at a time, they dragged back to her silver Porsche Cayenne. Of course she had a classy car. She'd always had the best taste in...well, everything. Probably why she'd never dated him, even after his confession. She'd never stoop so low as the son of a lowlife, no-account, good-for-nothing criminal. He couldn't blame her. She deserved a prince, not a knuckleheaded piece of shit Marine.

He still remembered the look on her face when he'd told her. She'd turned ghostly white, and her pretty little mouth had tightened. Then she'd run away. Just like that-run away from him as if he were diseased. He'd never been able to face her, after that. Her or her brother, after things had turned sour between them. Maybe it was better that way, but his self-esteem sure as hell didn't agree.

And his self-esteem wasn't too happy about seeing her now. He looked like a damned bum, and he was getting sand all over her elegant business suit.

Brilliant, Jeremy. Absolutely brilliant. Next you can puke on her shoes.

Come to think of it, he might have done something like that last night, somewhere between the fight and the second bottle of hooch. That might account for two or three of the fresher bruises throbbing on his chest.

Erica helped him wedge into the passenger's-side seat, strapped him in, then slipped in on the driver's side and passed him a large water bottle. The condensation on the sides almost froze his palms, and he had to stop himself from rubbing the damned thing all over his body. He was tempted, but her pretty brown eyes stopped him, concern written all over her face.

"God, Jeremy, you look like shit."

"I know." He groaned, twisted the cap off the bottle, and took a deep draught. The dry stinging in his throat eased, and he let out a heavy sigh. "Thanks."

She started the car and cranked up the air conditioning. Cold air blasted him in the face, and he closed his eyes and sank against the seat. Thank God. The last time he'd been this hot, he'd been stationed in Afghanistan, camped out in the hellish desert and dodging a hell of a lot of unfriendly fire.

Still more comfortable than sitting here with Erica, sweating all over the plush upholstery of her car.

"Are you on leave?" she asked.

He watched her from the corner of his eye. How did she know he was in the Marines? He'd kept up with her life now and then, but had she cared enough to follow his?

Her eyes dropped to the dog tags currently burning into his chest like branding irons, and his face heated. No. Of course not. He needed to get his wayward emotions under control.

He shrugged and took another sip of water. "Yeah. Took a month. Though I could use some RandR."

"Relax?" She raised a brow. "This is what you call relaxing?"

He stiffened. Of course she'd look at him like that. Like the loser he was. He wanted to tell her she had no right to judge him-that she'd given up what power she held over him long ago-but he'd be lying. One look and he still felt that same desperate, agonizing emptiness; the hollow knowledge that he loved her, and she'd never love him. Never even consider it. She was a different Erica now, grown up after seven years.

But he was still unworthy of her, and no amount of commendations or medals would change that.

Jeremy's hand tightened against the bottle, until he forced himself to let go. "It was plenty relaxing, until a fist got up close and personal with my face."

She snorted. "Sounds like you got what you deserved."

Erica strapped in, shifted into gear, and pulled onto the road. Uncomfortable silence descended. Jeremy relaxed against the seat and tried to focus on the cool air and refreshing water-not the woman at his side. He might as well try to forget his own name. He was grateful when she slid on her sunglasses; they hid her dark, unreadable eyes behind an equally impenetrable barrier.

She fidgeted at the gearshift. "What's your MOS?"

"Since when do you know military lingo?" he countered. "I'm a mortar man."

"Oh." Her brows wrinkled. "So you get shot at. You're not on a ship somewhere, or safe at the base."

"'Safe' is relative in Afghanistan. But yeah, I get shot at."

Her knuckles went white against the gearshift. Her motions were tense when she changed gear. "Oh," she said again.

"Don't worry. I'm too ornery for anyone to hit me."

Her lips quirked and she glanced at him. "Someone hit you pretty hard last night."

"Funny. You know what I meant." He snapped a mock salute. "Sergeant Jeremy Addison, at your service. Too proud and determined to get shot."

She laughed. "You mean too stubborn and bullheaded."

"Po-tay-to, po-tah-to."

She chuckled and fell silent. Jeremy turned his attention out the window. Before long they passed the first straggling outskirts of civilization, which quickly blended into lushly groomed lawns and houses that seemed to get larger with every block. Posh. Luxurious. Somewhere he didn't belong. He'd never have a house like these, or a wife like Erica. Both were as far out of his reach as the stars, and just as untouchable.

"Where are you staying?" She nibbled at her lower lip. "I can take you back, or to my place. It's only five minutes away."

Of course it was.

"Depends. I am still in Vegas, right? A little fuzzy on that detail."

Her lips compressed. Past her sunglasses, he caught one sharp brown eye watching him. "Still in Vegas. You didn't walk that far in your drunken stupor."

"I've done worse."

No, he hadn't. But a perverse and hurting part of him wanted to disappoint her. If she was going to look at him like that, she might as well have good reason to.

"Besides," he said. "Last I heard, you were in California."

"It's been seven years. I moved. How did you know I was in California?"

Great. Now you think I'm a creepy stalker. "Old classmates," he fumbled. He drained the water a little too fast; the sudden cold rush left him dizzy, and he gasped and dropped the empty bottle into the cup holder. "So. Yeah. Could we hit your place? I could use a shower sooner rather than later."

"Sure." Her hands tightened against the steering wheel, and she fidgeted in her seat. "So. Besides getting drunk, beaten up, and left for dead...how's life?"

He laughed, harsh and humorless. "When you put it that way, pretty shitty. But otherwise, not bad. Enjoying being back in the States."

She flashed him a small smile. The dimple in her right cheek made him want to kiss it. She only had the one, but he loved it. "Maybe things will get better after last night."

"They can't possibly get any worse." He idly toyed with his dog tags. "Sorry you had to find me like that."

"It's okay." She patted his knee. His thigh tensed. "I'm glad I did. Who knows how much longer you'd have lasted? You looked like death. You're lucky it's only April. In July, you'd be dead."

"Instead of just a little dry and crispy?"

"Thanks. Now I want fried chicken."

It was on his lips to offer to take her to dinner. Maybe sate a few more cravings than food. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and said, "Uh. How's Tommy?"

"He's good." She paused, then swallowed. "Divorced."

"About damned time," Jeremy snarled, then took another breath. And another. And another, until the heated wash of anger began to cool. That lying whore had destroyed the only friendship that had ever mattered to Jeremy-and had been destroying Tommy for far longer than that. Erica's brother deserved better, but he hadn't wanted to listen when Jeremy said so. And then when Nicole had...

He forced the thought away. No point in reliving the past. Especially not when he could feel Erica watching him, after his little outburst.

"He tried to find you," she said. "Once he came to his senses. When he realized Nicole was lying, he wanted to apologize. You really didn't sleep with her, did you?"

"Of course I didn't. She wasn't my type." You are. "And I wouldn't do that. Not to Tommy. Not to anyone."

"Ah," she said softly. "So it was just a game, to her."

"Something like that." Jeremy turned his glare out the window, rather than on her. Looking at her did nothing for his peace of mind. "I told both of you I didn't do it. I don't lie. I hated Nicole. And you of all people-"

-should know who I loved.

He shut his mouth. That night loomed between them, large and stifling. He'd poured his heart out into her hands, and she'd thrown it away.

"Jeremy, I'm sorry." This time the steering wheel squeaked under her tightening grip. She pried one hand away and ran it back through her hair. "I didn't mean to hurt you. I just-"

"Can we not talk about this?" He folded his arms uncomfortably over his chest. "It's been seven years. We've both moved on."

"Of course," she bit off with a jerky nod. "So are you...married? Kids?"

Married? Him? Yeah, right. As if he'd ever find someone who could even compare to her memory.

Not that he'd ever tell her that again.

"I'm not the marrying type," he said with a chuckle that left his mouth tasting bitter. Especially when a horrible thought struck him. "Are you?"

"No." Her voice went flat. "I was engaged once. I'm not anymore."

Everything in her tone warned him not to ask. Not to push. He cleared his throat. "I'm sorry. Maybe the right guy will come along soon."

Again that flicker of brown, just past the sunglasses. He thought he saw...he didn't know what he saw. It was there, then gone again. Something like yearning. Wistful. Sad. He knew the feeling. And he was probably projecting his feelings onto her, just like every other idiot man who didn't know when to let go.

"Maybe," she said. Her voice broke, then steadied again. "Maybe not. I'm not really focused on that right now. Hard to get married when you don't even have a boyfriend."

So she was single. Hope flared, then died. It didn't matter. She wanted someone. He could tell that. She was so miserable her every word made him ache. But lonely didn't mean desperate enough to want Jeremy.

"I have a hard time believing you can't find a date," he said.

She darted another glance at him and worried at her lower lip again. She always did that when she was nervous. "You'd be surprised."

"Maybe you were looking in all the wrong places."

She said nothing, and he cursed himself for a fool.

He clenched his jaw and studied his hands. They were covered in dirt and blood. His knuckles were split. They hadn't been during the first fight. Apparently he'd fought back when he'd been left in the desert to die. Good. He was a Marine, and Marines always fought back. Fought for what they believed in. Fought for what was theirs.

He glanced at Erica from the corner of his eye. Like I'd fight for you.

The car slowed and turned. Jeremy dragged his gaze from her and onto the curving drive leading up to a massive house. It was elegant, perfect, a terraced adobe affair with open construction and arched doorways. Stylish. Tasteful. Entirely out of his league. Big surprise.

"Nice place," he murmured. "I guess being a lawyer is paying off."

She tugged off her sunglasses and dropped them into the second cup holder. "Did old classmates tell you I'm a lawyer, too?"

"Uh." Shit. So much for detachment. "I. Uh. I saw it somewhere. I forgot where."

"Right." She raised a brow. Her lips twitched at the corners. "Well, come on inside."

She slid from the car with grace and poise. Jeremy, not so much-but he managed to get out under his own power, which was more than he'd been able to manage before the water. He was walking like a ninety-year-old man, but he was walking.

She closed the car door and looked at him. He straightened his shoulders.

"I'm okay. I feel better already." He grinned-and immediately regretted it when his split lower lip stung. He felt something wet and warm trickle down his chin. Genius.

She winced. "I'll believe that when you aren't bleeding."

She led him up the walk and inside. The carved, heavy oak door opened on hardwood floors. A crystal chandelier hung from the arched ceiling of the broad foyer. Expensive paintings lined the walls. Jeremy kept far away from them. He didn't want to risk touching anything, and dirtying or damaging it irreparably. It was bad enough he was tracking sand into the polish on her floors.

He smoothed his shirt and tried to straighten it, then rubbed at a stain on his sleeve. Useless. If this were a restaurant, he'd be out on his ass. "Maybe I should go to my hotel after all. I'm going to leave dirt all over your house."

"Please. I don't care about that.

She rested one soft hand on his chest. Her touch tore through him like a gunshot and radiated all over his body. He swallowed.

"If you say so."

She looked up at him. It was impossible to tell what she was thinking. It was what made her such a good lawyer, he thought, and what drove him mad. She could be on the verge of tears, and she'd never show it. He should be grateful, he thought. At least when she'd rejected him, she'd suppressed her disgust.

She abruptly drew back, dropped her gaze, and tossed her purse on a table just past the door. "Come on up. I'll show you where the bathroom is."

"Shit. I don't have any clothes. I'm a dumbass. Maybe we should head back to-"

"If I didn't know any better, I'd think you were trying to run away." She sighed. "I have some of Tommy's clothes here. Stop worrying, okay? You always did worry too much."

She turned and walked toward the curving stairs, her heels clicking on the hardwood floor. Jeremy followed, but stopped at the foot of the stairs, curling his hand against the cool wrought-iron railing. He shouldn't wear Tommy's clothing. They weren't friends anymore. Not after Tommy had believed Nicole's lies about Jeremy seducing her. Not after Tommy had kicked his ass and spat on a bond that, to Jeremy, had been like family.

The only real family he'd ever had, and the only reason he'd let Tommy beat him bloody without ever once fighting back. Nothing could have hurt worse than what he'd lost that night.

He swallowed. "I don't know."

"He really won't mind."

"But I will." He found his dog tags and gripped them tight, their pressure a familiar comfort against his palm. "He took her word over mine. He should have known better."

She stiffened. "I know you're upset, but this isn't about that. It's about getting you into a shower and clean clothes. Nothing else. So suck it up."

"Suck it up?" He mounted the stairs until he stood at her side, looking down at her. "Did you really just tell me to suck it up?"

Her eyes narrowed. She tossed her head and lifted her chin. "Yes. I did."

"You realize I'm a Marine, right?"

"Like that means anything? You'd never hurt me. I know that. I know you."

"Do you?"

Her eyes met his without wavering. "Better than you think. Even if I've tried to forget."

He stepped closer. Close enough to touch her, close enough to wrap her in his arms and kiss her until she clung to him. Everything he'd dreamed of doing for years, and more. Everything her body heat begged him to do, teasing him with her nearness.

"Why do you want to forget me, Erica?"

She bit her lip. That luscious lower lip, that one little tic that gave her away like a poker player's tell no matter how steady her voice might be. "You don't get to ask me that, Jeremy." She turned away, her back stiff. "Come on. The bathroom's this way."

She took the stairs quickly, her heels a sharp and almost accusatory staccato. With a sigh, Jeremy followed. Him and his big mouth.

Fucking idiot.

Chapter Two

Erica escaped into the guest room, usually reserved for Tommy during his increasingly frequent business trips. She was probably lucky his company had put him up in a posh hotel this time, to keep him close at hand for their international clients during some marketing conference or another. If Tommy had seen Jeremy, things would have gone terribly south.

Like they hadn't already.

How had she ended up in this situation? And with Jeremy, of all people? God, he looked even more gorgeous than she'd remembered, with or without the bruises and dirt. Those blue eyes, that thick black hair she just ached to run her fingers through-and when had he filled out so much? That hardened soldier's body made her want to touch. To find out all the ways he'd changed over the years, in minute detail.

She shook her head and yanked the closet door open. She hadn't brought him here for...that. Or for any reason other than to help him. What were the odds that she'd be the one to find him on the side of the road?

Was it fate, giving her a second chance?

No. That was silly. Impractical. Sighing, she grabbed a T-shirt and a pair of jeans, then headed back out into the hallway. He could go commando or wear his sweaty skivvies. She wasn't digging into her brother's underwear. The bratty little sister under the cultured woman she'd become still insisted Tommy's boxers had cooties.

And she didn't want to think of Jeremy in the same light as her brother.

Calm. Breathe. She closed her eyes and leaned against the bathroom door. Jeremy had brought back too many memories. Most of them sweet, but some of them just as bitter. She'd always had a thing for the dorky boy Tommy had dragged home from school one day. The way he smiled, the way his eyes crinkled up at the corners, the easy way he moved...he could make her forget how to breathe, even back then. She'd hid it as best she could. She'd been the annoying little sister; the tagalong. Unwanted. Annoying.

Or so she'd thought, until that night.

She refused to replay it. Not again. Not for the millionth time. That was a long time ago. Things were different, and they'd moved on. He'd said so. She wasn't about to embarrass herself by telling him that he was the only one who'd really moved on.

She straightened, knocked on the door, and waited. She could hear water running, but no response. She cracked the door open. "Jeremy?"

He stumbled and grabbed for a towel, but not before she glimpsed the firm, tight muscles of his ass.

"Oh God." She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to chase the image away. Instead it leaped into hyper-focused clarity, along with the taut flow of his back and the broad flex of his shoulders. Damn it.

She heard the shower curtain pull closed in a rustle of plastic and a scrape of rings against the rod. "Erica?" he called. "Were you just staring at my ass?"

"I wasn't staring!"

"But you just saw me naked."

"No. I mean yes. I mean-" She sighed. Running away would be good right now. "Um. A little. Maybe."

A muffled groan was his only answer. Her cheeks were on fire.

"Sorry," she tried. "If it makes you feel better, you looked great? Wait! No. Um. No, you didn't." Shit, damn, crap, son of a- "I don't-look, I didn't really see anything, okay?"

His laughter echoed against the shower tile. She peeked one eye open and peered through the crack in the door. He leaned over to watch her past the shower curtain, his eyebrow raised and his eyes crinkling with laughter in just that way she remembered. Her throat constricted.

"Which is it?" he asked. "I look good, bad, or invisible?"

She couldn't answer. She could only see his shoulders beyond the curtain, but that was enough. Water tracked in slick trails over tanned sinew, each twist and pull of muscle gleaming. Her mouth tingled. She wanted to lick, to taste, to chase the cool taste of fresh water over the heat of his skin. Her fingers twitched, and she squeezed her eyes shut again.

"I'm gonna go now." God, she sounded like a teenager. Not someone who regularly presented summations before skeptical juries. She wedged an arm into the bathroom, dropped the clothing on the counter, and backed away. "Enjoy your-I mean-oh, f**k. I'm gone before I make even more of an idiot of myself. How about I'm the one who turns invisible?"

"Why?" he teased. His husky voice did terrible things to her. "So you can stay and watch?"

"Funny. Really."

Erica opened her eyes, shot him a dirty look, and fled. His laughter chased after her, thrilling through her body in deeply delicious waves.

She didn't stop until she was downstairs and curled up in a corner of the couch, hugging a throw pillow to her chest. She groaned and buried her face into the cool watered silk. Dumbass. She should have run before she'd started babbling. He probably thought she'd been peeping at him. She wasn't entirely sure she hadn't been. God, that body. No man who looked like that should cover it up.

It was official. She was pathetic.

Salivating over a guy she'd grown up with? Please. So he'd told her he loved her. That was a long time ago, in a land far far away where stupid teenage girls believed anything said by handsome boys with dangerous smiles. Why had she held on to that for all these years? Especially when he so clearly resented her for how she'd handled it?

Granted, he'd dropped that bombshell on her right after Tommy had beaten Jeremy to a pulp for sleeping with his wife. He'd shown up on her doorstep bleeding and bruised, just like tonight. Tommy had been an idiot. He'd been an idiot for marrying Nicole right out of high school, he'd been an idiot for believing her lies, and he'd been an idiot for turning on Jeremy.

And Erica was no better.

She hadn't wanted to believe him, in that moment. Not when her loyalty to her brother was so strong, and not when Jeremy had been drunk. Tommy had made him swear off alcohol for life, after the drunken monster his father had turned into. If he'd break a promise like that, how could he mean it when he told Erica he loved her?

She hadn't understood, then. She hadn't understood how deeply hurt he was, and how much he needed her. Hadn't understood that he was reaching out to her. Begging her not to turn on him, too. Begging her not to judge him like the thug so many people saw him as.

But she had anyway, and by the time she'd grown up enough to realize her mistake, they'd both moved on with their lives.

She'd always wondered if he really meant it. Always kicked herself for ruining that chance, and for hurting him that way when even at eighteen, she'd loved him so much. No one had ever smiled at her the way Jeremy had. Not even her fiance. Nathan had fit her perfect life in corporate law...

...but he wasn't Jeremy.

Why did it matter? Seven years had passed. Any puppy love he'd felt was gone now. And if it wasn't, it would be. She wasn't the kind of woman a man could love. Nathan had proved that. So would Jeremy, if he knew her. Really knew her, as she was now. Of that, she was certain.

She heard the bathroom door open upstairs. She looked up as he came down the steps. Dampness left his hair spiked, the glossy black darkened to pitch. Tommy's shirt was far too small for Jeremy's muscular frame, clinging to his chest and abdomen in a slicked-on layer and leaving every touchable ridge and chisel of muscle excruciatingly clear.

She forced a smile and jerked her eyes from his chest to his face. "You look better."

He rubbed the back of his neck. His lips tilted at the corners. Every movement teased her. He carried himself with casual ease and a certain restrained strength. Feral. That was how she'd always thought of him, even when he was younger. Feral, underneath his careful control. Waiting to break free.

He looked at her past the fringe of long lashes that had always made her jealous. "Uh, thanks. I really appreciate the save."

"No problem."

She bit her lip and made herself look away, before she couldn't. She couldn't have him. Some things were better off in the past. He remembered her as young, naive, and beautiful.

Better that he held on to the memory, rather than knowing the reality.

She cleared her throat. "Do you need any more water? Calamine lotion?"

"Water would be great. Don't think I need the lotion. I'm a little tender, but not as burned as I thought." He shoved his hands in his pockets. "If this is April in Vegas...fuck July. I'm asking to be transferred to Antarctica."

She laughed and led him into the kitchen to retrieve another Aquafina bottle from the fridge. When she closed the refrigerator door and turned, he was there, so close-close enough that she stumbled and tripped over her own feet. He steadied her, gripping her bare shoulders with a sure, firm grasp, his hands work-roughened and large. Her skin burned where he touched. Her stomach twisted.

"Sorry," she mumbled. "Again."

Her ears felt like little torches burning to either side of her face. He said nothing. Nor did he let her go. With a rough sound she twisted away and smoothed her shirt, pulling it up a bit over her chest. He hadn't seen. He couldn't have seen. Her tank-top wasn't that low cut.

"Erica."

She shook her head and shoved the bottle into his hands.

"Erica, really, it's okay. Don't worry about it. I trip all the time. I'm the squad klutz."

She took a deep breath. She was making something out of nothing. She always had with him, took everything he said to heart. Right now she wasn't Erica Jones, Attorney at Law. She was Tommy's clumsy little sister, trying not to make an ass out of herself in front of her crush.

Pull it together. She straightened her spine and pressed her lips together. "You? A klutz? Hard to believe."

He pointed at his face. "This?" he deadpanned. "I did this to myself. Tripped over a shoe. True story."

She burst into laughter and relaxed. He'd always been able to do that-defuse tense situations with humor. Any time Tommy would upset her, she'd escape to her favorite spot by the pool. Jeremy would always find her, make her laugh...and help her plot revenge against her brother. He'd been more than her crush. He'd been her best friend.

And that was all they could be, she reminded herself. "So a shoe blacked your eye?"

"Most of that is shoe polish." He grinned, then grimaced and touched his lip. "Ow. No more making me smile."

"I'll do my best to be dull and boring." She scrunched up her nose. "Shouldn't be too hard. I am a lawyer. It's my job to bore everyone to death. They plead guilty just to shut me up."

His lips twitched and his eyes narrowed. "Not helping."

She smiled and busied herself unloading the dishwasher. Anything to keep her hands occupied, and not aching to touch him. He leaned his hip against the counter, sipped his water, and watched her, his eyes dark with curiosity.

"So what have you been up to, besides work?"

She hesitated. "Honestly? Not much." She chose her words carefully. "Got engaged. Broke up. Finished school. Got a job. Bought this house, and that's pretty much it. I work seventy hours a week on a good week. Doesn't leave much time for anything else."

He studied her face, his eyes far too intense. She squirmed, ducked her head, and yanked a cup out of the dishwasher so hard she almost dropped it.

"Nothing else?" he asked. "Like...relationships? A life?"

"No. Not really." She closed the dishwasher and banged it just a little too hard. Damn it. "What about you? Got a girlfriend in every town, pining for your return?"

He snorted. "Yeah, right. I can't even take care of one, let alone a dozen."

So he was probably single. She swore mentally, in every language she could remember and a few she made up just for the occasion. She didn't need to know that. Didn't want the hope that twisted in her gut, or the nervous, fluttering daydreams she'd buried years ago.

She wiped her hands on her skirt. "So...no girlfriend, then?"

"No, I'm single." His eyes drifted over her, lingering. "Are you hitting on me?"

"No!"

He burst into laughter, then hissed and clapped a hand over his lip. Good. Served him right for teasing her like that. She planted her hands on her hips.

"You jerk. I should've known you were giving me a hard time. Some things never change, do they?"

He stilled. The laughter vanished from his eyes, leaving them dark. "No. I guess not. Maybe some things can't change." He set his empty bottle on the counter and smoothed a hand over his damp hair. "I should go. Don't want to intrude. Thanks again for the rescue."

Erica swallowed heavily and glanced out the window. Almost sunset. She fidgeted with the hem of her skirt and cleared her throat. "Um. You can stay, if you want. It's getting late anyway. It might be nice to catch up. You can stay in the guest room. Unless you have plans, I mean."

Say yes, she thought. If he left now, she'd probably never see him again. The last time had been seven years ago. That had been her fault. She wouldn't let it be her fault if he left too soon, now. Even if she could only have his company, she'd take that much. Seven years was too long without his smile, his laughter.

Seven years was too long not to clear up everything that had gone wrong.

He rubbed his jaw and studied her, his brows knitting. "Are you sure you want me hanging around? It's been years. For all you know, I'm an escaped convict playing Marine."

"Please." She rolled her eyes. "We grew up together. I just saw you naked. I think we're past the 'stranger danger' conversation."

He spluttered, then trailed into choking laughter. She grinned. It wasn't often that she'd gotten to make him laugh in return.

"Well, when you put it that way..." he murmured. His eyes met hers. Something indefinable flickered through them, leaving them hot enough to send a bolt of longing straight through her, kick-starting her heart and singing through her blood. "How can I refuse?"

She took a calming breath and forced a smile. She felt lightheaded. "Good," she said, and hoped Erica Jones, Attorney at Law, could keep up the act tonight. Because girl-next-door Erica, right now, wanted Jeremy so much she could taste him, and she could never let him know.

"Good?" he said, brows lifting.

"What more do you want, a party? Come on. Let's order pizza. I'll even get you one with those disgusting mushrooms."

He chuckled. "You know me too well."

Not nearly as well as I'd like, she thought, and escaped into the living room before he could see her blush.

***

Jeremy lounged against the couch cushions and fidgeted. Erica was in the kitchen; she'd run away after mumbling something about drinks, after he'd made another ridiculously stupid, flirty joke. He'd been tripping over himself all night, walking on eggshells. Eggshells strewn across an ice-covered lake in the middle of a warm snap.

One would think, after seven years apart, he'd have learned to keep his cool in front of her. One would be entirely wrong, and might just deserve a fist to the jaw. Jeremy couldn't even manage one conversation without wanting to pull her into his arms. He couldn't watch her chase strings of cheese from her slice to her plate, her lips glistening from the dart of her tongue, without wanting to do far more than that. When he'd caught her in his grip in the kitchen, it had taken all his willpower to just...let go.

Let go, and not kiss her until those dark, lovely eyes finally showed him something. Desire. Longing. Anything. Anything, so long as he knew how she felt about him.

No. He already knew how she felt about him, and he needed to leave before he made a fool of himself.

Again.

He stood. He'd make his excuses and get the hell out. He stalked around the corner to the kitchen-and collided full force with Erica. Erica, and two full glasses of water. She squeaked and fell right onto her butt. The water splashed into her face and cascaded down her face, throat, and br**sts. Her mouth curved into a perfectly darling, startled O.

She blinked water from her eyes and swiped a hand over her face. He lurched down to his knees and plucked the glasses out of her lap. After setting them on the floor, he ripped his shirt off and dabbed at her face.

"I'm so sorry, Erica. I didn't hear you coming."

He dried the moisture from her cheeks, then patted her neck dry. Her soft skin underneath his hands made his fingers shake. He nearly forgot how to breathe, and made himself focus on catching every hint of water glistening on her smooth, touchable skin.

She gripped his forearms. "It's fine. You don't have to."

He paused-yet she wasn't what stopped him. The only thing left to dry was her chest. His eyes dipped down, past her neckline, lingering on a single diamond drop of water against the soft swell of her br**sts. Her sharp intake of breath made them rise. Heat flushed his face, and he jerked his gaze to hers.

She stared at him, rosettes blooming in her cheeks. Something in her gaze drew him. Lured him. Coaxed him to do something he never thought he'd have the courage to try. It wasn't mere desire. It was a compulsion, ingrained so deep he couldn't possibly resist.

He leaned in. Neither spoke; his blood pumped, his pulse loud between them. Her lips parted, and he paused a mere breath away. Waiting. Giving her a chance to deny him, and refuse him the one thing he'd wanted for more than half his life.

Her.

Yet her eyes slipped closed, and the slight tilt of her chin was the only answer he needed. He pressed his lips to hers, gentle and so very careful, and cradled the curve of her cheek in his palm.

She sighed against his lips. He watched her with hypnotized intensity as he worshipped her mouth; her blush darkened, her lashes fluttered against her cheeks, and as he teased at her lips she opened for him, enticing him to explore, to press deeper, to take her as his own.

Her tongue touched his, and he groaned. Just a slant of his head, a little more pressure, and their lips fit together perfectly. He curled his hands against her waist-but as soon as his fingers touched the curve of her hips, she stiffened and pulled away.

Sucking in a deep breath, she jerked back. Away from him. Pain sliced through him. Of course. Maybe she'd forgotten who she was kissing, for a moment. No doubt she was horrified with herself, now. Sickened.

He never should have kissed her.

He stood and, reaching down, pulled her to her feet. He let her go as soon as she was steady, shoved his hands in his pockets, and muttered, "You should go change."

Her lips were deliciously swollen. He lingered on them-especially when she avoided his eyes. Great. She couldn't even stand to look at him. Was she so ashamed of kissing someone who was barely scum in comparison to her?

"Um, yeah." Her voice sounded hollow. "Okay. I'll be right back." She took a shuddering breath and finally looked at him, her eyes guarded. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kissed you."

"You're sorry? I'm not."

He stepped closer and ran a finger down her cheek. She shivered. He smiled with grim satisfaction, even if he felt more like screaming. No matter her shame, she wanted him. It was in every tremor of her lips, even if her gaze was still wholly closed to him. Even with the suspiciously damp sheen in her eyes, her feelings remained entirely masked.

"I want you, Erica," he said. "I always have. Nothing has changed for me."

She hugged his soaked shirt to her chest and bit down on her lip, as if stopping its quiver could hide her upset from him. "I-we can't. I'm not...I...it's just not possible."

"It's very possible," he said. "And if you expect me to feel sorry for finally managing to kiss you, forget it. I want more than that kiss. Much more."

She drew in a shaky breath and backed away. "We barely know each other anymore, and I don't do one-night stands."

"Is that what you think I want?" Anger made him bold. "I know you. I know what you do and don't do. I know I want so much more from you-so much that one kiss just made me need you all over again, even if I don't know if you hate me or just want to know what I'd be like in bed. God, here I am with stars in my eyes...and you think I want a one-night stand." His jaw clenched. "Maybe you're the one who doesn't know me as well as I'd thought."

Her teeth sank into her lip so hard he thought she'd break skin. "That's not fair."

"Life isn't fair," he said. If life was fair, he wouldn't be in this position yet a-fucking-gain, hoping the princess would look down from her ivory tower and notice him. "Get used to it."

"You're being childish," she said, jaw tight.

He stepped back. "Maybe I am."

She drew breath to speak, making her chest heave. His eyes dropped to her soaking wet tank top. Her white tank top. His gaze lingered on her br**sts, and the clearly visible pink bra cupping them. He nearly forgot his anger. Need took its place. Need to take her into his arms, carry her up the stairs-

"Enough," she blurted. He jerked his eyes back to her face, where they belonged. Her eyes were wide, her cheeks so red they looked bruised. "This discussion's over. I'm going to get cleaned up. Stay here."

He saluted. "Yes, ma'am."

"Don't," she said, and turned away with a toss of her hair. "Don't make this worse by being flip. I want to be friends, Jeremy."

She ran up the stairs. He clenched his fists. Frustration scored through him.

"Sure," he grit out. "Friends."

He watched her until she disappeared. Friends. What a f**king joke. Tommy and Erica were the only friends he'd ever had. The only friends who'd ever seen through his bad-boy act, who understood that he wasn't his father, and wouldn't repeat his father's mistakes. The only people who forgave him for his screw-ups. The only people who let him be a normal, flawed human being.

And he still wasn't good enough for even them. Not good enough to trust, and not good enough to love.

That hurt more than any fight, any bullet wound, any loss. Erica had lost faith in him seven years ago. So why had she kissed him? Regret? Did she ever think back to that night, and wish it had happened differently? God, he hoped she did.

Because damn him, he couldn't think about anything else.

Chapter Three

Erica woke to morning sunlight, blurry eyes, and one hell of a headache. Probably the least remarkable phenomenon in Vegas. At least other people could claim it was from a wild night of alcohol and sex.

Erica had gone to bed alone. Alone, and painfully sober.

Had she really kissed Jeremy last night? Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid. She had nothing to offer him. Nothing he would want, anyway. She wasn't the same girl he'd idolized. No, not idolized. Idealized.

She was as far from anyone's ideal as a woman could get.

And he was a Marine. He'd leave her soon, shipped off to God knew where, and she'd be single and alone when he left. Even if they tried anything, it was doomed to failure. Long distance relationships never worked. How could theirs?

Not to mention she'd be a wreck while he was gone, wondering who was shooting at him today, if he'd come home short one leg but with a little surplus shrapnel, if he'd never come home at all.

She rolled over and buried her face in the pillow. She was getting ahead of herself. Jeremy was off limits. He deserved better. Deserved more. She was just a scarred, broken shell of the Erica he'd loved. She laughed and joked around with him, but only because he brought back old memories. Happy ones. There would never be long nights alone, wondering if her lover was under enemy fire, hoping and praying for him to come home safe.

Though that wouldn't stop her from worrying anyway.

She rolled out of bed. She'd drop him off at his hotel, move on with her life, and only let herself worry in those quiet moments before sleep when she couldn't lie to herself anymore. It had been fun seeing him again, but that's all it was. Fun.

If she got rid of him now, she wouldn't end up blurting out her secret like the blabbermouth she'd been in grade school. Wouldn't have to see his face cloud over with revulsion. Wouldn't have to dwell on that one sweet kiss...and how she'd reacted to it.

Though she'd never forget how he'd looked at her, in that moment before he kissed her. As if he'd loved her through the years, across the distance, and would love her through anything.

Wishful thinking.

She threw on a T-shirt and tucked it securely into a pair of khaki shorts before descending the stairs. Time to break the news that she wanted him out. Calm. Composed. It wasn't like she was facing down a killer at trial. It was just Jeremy.

Somehow, that was even more terrifying.

It was only seven, so Jeremy was probably still passed out in the guest room-or so she thought, until she rounded the corner and practically collided with the scent of fried eggs and bacon. Her mouth watered. What was that madman up to?

She peeked into the kitchen and found Jeremy standing over the stove, barefoot and flipping eggs in a pan. He was topless save for his dog tags. Every time he turned, they swayed against his chest, drawing her eye unerringly to the dip between his pectorals and the taut stretch of muscle there.

The coffeemaker beeped as if announcing her arrival. He glanced up, caught her eye, and grinned. "Good morning."

Erica stammered, frozen in place. He chuckled and turned back to the eggs. Another flip of the spatula, and his biceps flexed alarmingly. She closed her eyes, curled her fingers, and reminded herself to breathe.

Her voice was irritatingly unsteady when she managed to speak. "Bacon grease. I mean, um, you could get burned. By bacon grease. It splashes."

Chalk one up for Captain Obvious.

He tossed another look at her, this one quizzical. "I'll be fine."

"You wouldn't say that if you ended up with scars everywhere from third-degree burns," she snapped. "You wouldn't be so nonchalant then."

"Jesus, you don't have to bite my head off."

He set the spatula down and turned to look at her, much too discerningly. She swallowed and tried to smile. "Sorry. I just don't want you to get hurt. I'll go get you a clean shirt, okay?"

He crossed the kitchen quickly and curled his hand against her elbow, his grip warm and gentle. "Erica, are you all right?"

His eyes probed hers. She looked away. "Yes. I'm fine." No, I'm not.

She tugged free of his hold, spun on her heel, and almost ran from the kitchen. She had to escape the allure that coiled around him like a snake. If she stayed too close, it just might bite.

In the guest room, she took her time digging out another shirt. By the time she returned to the kitchen, she felt more in control, and handed the shirt over with a rueful smile.

"Here you go."

He pulled the shirt on, and she sighed as those perfectly rippled abdominals disappeared. He quirked a brow, and she coughed.

"Breakfast smells delicious."

And strike two for Captain Obvious.

She wished he'd say something. Anything to make her feel less awkward. She brushed past him and retrieved two mugs from a cabinet. From the corner of her eye, she watched him...and wished she hadn't. The hunger in his eyes made her shiver and avert her gaze.

"I didn't know you cooked," she forced out.

He shrugged and turned back to the stove. "I've been single a long time. If I don't do it, no one else will."

"Yeah, I get that." She nodded and filled both mugs with steaming coffee.

With deft movements, he slid eggs, bacon, and silverware onto two plates, and turned to offer her one. His handsome face was a little less swollen this morning, a little more defined, and his mouth seemed a little less alarmingly red. He managed to grin without flinching, an improvement over last night.

"Erica?"

She shook herself. Crap, he was still holding the plate, and looking at her like she'd just started singing the national anthem in Swahili. "Um. Yeah. Sorry."

"For what?"

"Nothing. Just...nothing." She took her plate and both mugs of coffee, and led him into the dining room. "Thank you for cooking. It's very sweet."

"No problem."

She set one of the mugs at her place, one at his, and slid into her seat. Jeremy dropped down across from her and dove into his eggs. Erica took a more cautious bite, then closed her eyes with a blissful sound. Not only was he gorgeous, but he cooked like a damned rock star.

So not fair.

"Wow. You really know your way around the kitchen. I thought you were just showing off."

"Me? Show off? Please. I'm just so naturally attractive to members of the opposite sex that it just seems like I'm showing off. This is all me, baby."

"Call me 'baby' one more time, jerk."

He grinned. "Anything you want, baby."

She picked up a crumbled bit of bacon and threw it at him. He laughed and held his hands up, warding it off. She hated to admit it, but she'd missed this. He'd always let his playful side out around her, something he'd never let many people see. It had always made her feel special. Stupid, but true.

He met her eyes. His own were so warm, that little crease at the corners making her sigh. "I thought I was out of the active combat zone," he said.

"I don't think so, Addison. This is war."

"What did I do to deserve that? Is it because of my studly charm?"

"Oh, God." She dropped her face into her palm. "What studly charm?"

"You know you want me, baby."

"...you pick that line up in Vegas?"

"No, I just thought I'd call you 'baby' one more time to see if you'd actually try to kick my ass." He pointed his fork at her. "Eat. I didn't get up at the asscrack of dawn to cook for you so you could ignore it."

She laughed, but dutifully picked up her fork. "You make yourself sound like my wife or something."

He choked on a mouthful of eggs, swallowed, and reached for his dog tags. "Uh. Yeah. I guess. So, uh...did you sleep well?"

"Honestly? Not really." She scrunched her nose and picked up a piece of bacon to nibble at it. "Rough night."

Yeah. Rough. If you could call tossing and turning rough, while she wondered if he was awake, too, and wishing things could be different between them. Wishing things could be like they were seven years ago, before everything changed.

He sighed. "Me too. I couldn't sleep at all. I can't stop thinking about that kiss."

She stiffened. So much for the casual act. "You might as well stop. It was a mistake to kiss each other."

"Why?"

"We're...friends. We should stay that way." She tugged at her shirt and looked away. "Trust me, it's better that way."

"Let me guess. It's because of who I am and where I come from. Right?" He set his fork down, stood, and braced his hands against the table, his eyes blazing. "You're ashamed you let someone like me kiss you. Admit it."

She rose, circled the table, and thwacked his arm as hard as she could. Which wasn't very hard. Ow. She might have bruised her knuckles on his bicep. "Someone like you? What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

He rolled his eyes. "Don't act coy. You're embarrassed because I don't have a career, or a master's degree. I came from the streets, I'll die in the streets, and I'll never be good enough for you."

Her vision flashed red. She balled up her fists until her fingers hurt. He thought he wasn't good enough for her? That he didn't deserve her? What an idiot. She punched his shoulder. Still not so much as a flinch. That was even more infuriating, and she shook her aching hand, scowling.

"How dare you say that about yourself? You're a better man than anyone I've ever known, and don't you even think about saying otherwise. You're a f**king Marine, you dumbass. A big damned hero."

His nostrils flared. He gripped her arms and dragged her closer. "If it's not that, then what is it? I know you want me as much as I want you. I'm not blind."

"It's...I'm...it just wouldn't work!" Why wouldn't he just drop it? "A relationship between us is out of the question."

"I didn't realize you'd turned into Miss Cleo overnight." He looked deep into her eyes. Comprehension spread slowly across his face. He took a slow breath. "You won't even give us a shot. Why? What are you hiding from? What are you scared of?"

She glared at him. "How long are you in Vegas? A day? A week?"

He flinched. "A few more days."

"It's not enough to start anything, and you know it."

"It's not much," he admitted. His brow wrinkled. "But I'm not going to deploy again for a few months." He let go of her arms, and reached up to finger a lock of her hair. His knuckles grazed her neck, igniting hot tremors. His eyes gentled. "Erica..."

"No." She steeled herself. "Where are you stationed?"

"Camp Pendleton. In California."

"So...five hours away? Give or take."

"About." He let go of her hair and brushed a finger across her cheek. "Some might call that driving distance."

"Not people who work a seventy-hour week."

"Then we could fly. Meet up halfway."

"That might work," she managed. "But most people can't make a long-distance relationship like that work. What makes you think we could?"

He dropped his hand. "What makes you think we couldn't?"

She tensed. This was the part where she was supposed to open up to him. Trust him with her secrets, and believe he wouldn't run away from her in disgust. She opened her mouth, but the only thing that came out was a despairing sound.

She couldn't. Wouldn't. She shook her head. "Maybe I should take you back to the hotel. We can say goodbye as friends. It's better that way."

His eyes narrowed. "Is that what you really want?"

What did she want? Not this. Not this struggle to keep him at arm's length. But taking a chance on him, allowing him into her life, had seemed foolish last night-and downright moronic by the light of day. She needed to stick with the original plan. Move on and forget him. She didn't need a man in her life to be happy. Didn't need anyone. Didn't need him.

She was fine on her own.

She shrugged. "Yeah. I guess. We'd never work. You're my brother's friend. I mean, look at us. It would be...weird."

He drew back as if she'd slapped him, and swallowed heavily. "Okay. Let me grab my clothes, and I'll call a cab."

Let him go, she told herself, but her self wasn't listening very well. The way his shoulders deflated, the way he refused to look at her...it broke her heart in two. He still thought he wasn't good enough for her. It was in every line of his body, his face, his eyes. How could she explain? How could she make him understand that it wasn't because she didn't want him, but because he wouldn't want her? He wouldn't want what she'd become.

And he wouldn't want the hell that came with pretending to still love her.

He tried to twist past her. She grabbed his arm. His gaze dropped to her hand, then jerked to her face. His eyes were blazing, smoky and hot.

"Jeremy. It's not you. It's-"

He tugged free of her grip. "Spare me the most famous break-up line in history. We were never together. I don't need it."

Damn it, she wasn't ready for this. Not now. Not any more than she had been seven years ago, when her only reasons had been her own naivete and stupidity. "No! It's true. I'm...I'm not the relationship type. I can't commit to this. To you."

"Operative words being 'to you.'" He gripped her shoulders and shook her gently. "To me. Say what you really mean, Erica. You can't commit to a guy who grew up on the streets. A guy whose father is a murderer. A tattooed loser with no future outside the military. Your parents never liked me. They'd never let you get away with dating someone like me. I get it. I do. So you don't have to f**king lie."

"I'm not lying!" Her eyes stung. "I just don't want a boyfriend. Is that so wrong?"

"No. It's not. What is wrong is denying yourself just because you're scared."

"I'm not scared." Her cheeks heated. Not scared? She was terrified. Everyone had their insecurities, and he was treading far too close to hers. "It's none of your business, but no, I don't say no because of who you are. It never bothered me before. Why should it now?"

"Then help me understand. You wanted me to kiss you last night, Erica."

She swallowed. "I did. But it's not that simple."

His eyes darkened. "How is it not that simple?"

"Can't you just accept that when a woman says no, she means no?" She pressed her lips together. "I don't have to explain myself to you."

He looked stricken, but he nodded. "You're right. You don't." He dropped his hands away and retreated a step. "So you really want me to leave. You don't even want to try to make something between us work out."

Damn it. That look on his face was the same as that look all those years ago, when she'd stared at him and hadn't been able to say anything. Like she'd ripped his heart out and crushed it in her fist. It was that look that had made her run away before. She hadn't been able to stand that she'd hurt the boy she loved so much with her clumsy confusion.

And she couldn't stand that she'd hurt the man she ached for with her careful, defensive half-truths and lies.

He turned away.

"Jeremy," she said, and laid her hand on his arm. When he turned back, she reached up, captured his face in her palms, drew him down, and kissed him.

She caught a glimpse of his fierce, stormy look before his mouth seized hers and he kissed her with a hunger and heat that made her dizzy. Last night had been all about taking it slow and easy. Today, he teased her with his tongue until her legs refused to support her and her fingers dug into his shoulders.

He backed her up until her shoulders hit the stucco wall. His hands were everywhere; her hips, her hair, her waist, caressing her feverishly. Every light stroke, every brush of his body, made her burn hotter. Desperately so. Desperate for him. His breaths came in harsh pants as he buried his face in the curve of her neck.

She hadn't known this feeling in years. This bliss, this completion, this near-painful knowledge that she couldn't go on without the man at her side. Seven years. Seven years since she'd felt so right, with Jeremy in her life. She hadn't realized how much she'd missed it until now. She was ready to give him everything, right then and there...until he grasped her shirt and dragged it up.

Icy fear doused her ardor. She shoved out of his arms, turned away, and yanked her shirt back down. Her vision blurred. She covered her face. She couldn't be this weak in front of him. He'd only pity her later. She didn't need his pity.

She didn't need anything from him at all.

"You should go," she whispered, her throat tight.

He clasped her shoulders and spun her to face him so quickly she stumbled. His jaw was hard, his eyes even harder. "You're only pushing me away again because you're scared. What if I refuse to go? What if I refuse to let you win this time?"

"Then I'll get a damned restraining order!" She swallowed hard and forced her lips to speak words her heart didn't want to say. "I don't want this. I don't need this in my life. You need to leave. Now."

For a few moments, he stared at her in silence. Then he turned and walked out of the room, into the foyer, and out the front door, without ever looking back. The door slammed shut, echoing through the empty house. She flinched.

Tears ran down her face. She scrunched her eyes tightly shut. He might be angry now, but he'd thank her if he knew the truth. She'd saved them both from that awkward moment when he realized what she was, and backpedaled so fast he might as well be on fire. No one would stay once they saw her. Her stupid fiance had run, too. Stupid perfect Nathan with his stupid perfect life, and his not-so-perfect now-ex future wife.

She couldn't let her guard down again, though she'd been tempted. Been tempted, and resisted. She'd been strong. As strong as she had to be.

It hurt more than she cared to admit.

Chapter Four

Jeremy stalked into the Bellagio and wondered if he had the fortitude left to handle another fight. He might welcome it right now. A few more bruises. Some dickhead squid getting his ass handed to him. Jeremy was too keyed up to lose right now, even if he knew damned well he'd be an idiot to get into a fight again. Then again, he'd been an idiot pretty much since he set foot in Vegas. What else was new?

Why did he keep making a fool of himself with that woman? Was he acting out some repressed, self-destructive need to prove to himself-and her-what a hopeless mess he'd always been and always would be? Of course she wouldn't want him. She was kind, successful, and beautiful. He was a screw-up. The very idea was laughable.

But he damn well didn't feel like laughing.

The constant clack of coins and chime of the slot machines pounded through his throbbing skull, amplifying his headache tenfold. Son of a bitch. He needed to get the hell out of this joint and back to base. So much for the dream Vegas vacation. After the last few days, he'd gladly trade the wild sex and cheap liquor for a quiet room and a cup of tea.

Maybe he'd knit a few tea cozies, too, or a few little booties. He could stuff his balls in them, since he clearly didn't need them anymore.

He shoved through the crowd and toward the bar. He needed to get over this. He'd been through this once before, and there was no need to go through the whole damned downward spiral again. He'd known Erica didn't and never would love him. There were plenty of women in Vegas to fill the gap. A stranger might be faceless, loveless...but she'd let him forget for a few hours, until he could start to forget for the rest of his life.

He slid onto a barstool. When the pretty bartender approached and gave him a sly once-over, he grinned. Her short blond hair couldn't be any further from the luxurious brown hair that, even now, he ached to bury his fingers in. Perfect.

"Ma'am. Think I could get a scotch?"

She studied him for long moments, lingering on his dog tags, before her polite smile softened, warmed, turned inviting. "Sure thing, soldier." She sauntered away with an enticing little sway of her hips and glanced back at him. Probably to see if he was watching. Minx.

Just a few days ago he'd have found it attractively amusing. He'd have teased her about it, and if she laughed, he'd know he'd found his company for the weekend. But right now, he couldn't even work up more than a spark of wry amusement. Not even a hint of interest. Damn it. She wouldn't get out of his head, even if he couldn't even stand to think her damned name.

The bartender returned with his medication in a cup. She smiled. "Listen, I'm Erica. If you want to meet up for a drink later-"

As soon as she said her name, he tossed his money on the bar and stalked away. Her confused voice followed, but he ignored it. Unbelievable. This vacation couldn't possibly get any worse.

"Jeremy? Is that you?"

Oh, shit. Yes, it could.

And it just did.

Jeremy froze and closed his eyes. Why him? What had he done to deserve this? Was it the time he threw spitballs at the back of Jenny Parkinson's head in the third grade? Or maybe how, when he was fourteen, he'd told Erica's crush she hated him and thought he smelled bad? Alex Nelson had smelled bad, but Erica still hadn't spoken to Jeremy for a week.

And Tommy hadn't spoken to him for years, but here he was.

Damn it.

Jeremy made himself turn, schooling his face to what he hoped was indifference and not a freakish clown mask of panic.

"Tommy?" Like he hadn't known that voice immediately. His former best friend, and the man who'd broken his trust and destroyed the last of his faith in humanity. "Is that you?"

Tommy looked the same. A little older, a little wiser, but he still had the same spiked hair and deep brown eyes-eyes that always reminded him of Erica.

"Jesus, Jeremy. How are you?"

Tommy looked Jeremy over with narrowed eyes. Jeremy winced every time his gaze stopped on one of his bruises, and the split in his lip. Tommy's mouth creased tighter and tighter, just like Erica's did right when she was about to rip him a new one. Some things never changed. Tommy was always the smooth, calm, collected one, well-dressed and suave. Jeremy was casual. Messy.

A mess.

"What the hell happened to you?"

Jeremy shrugged. How was he supposed to act around Tommy? Last time they'd seen each other, Tommy had used his fists to plow Jeremy's face into mulch, then tossed him out on the lawn and told him never to show his sorry hide again. The bruises had healed. Jeremy hadn't.

He opted for a cocky grin. "I pissed someone off. I'm good at that. You know me. Or I thought you did."

Tommy flinched, but it was gone as quickly as it came. "Yeah. I know you. Or I did. What happened?"

So Tommy wanted to play it cool? God, he and Erica really were just alike. Must run in the family. Sweep everything under the rug. Nothing happened, let's be friends. Fine. Jeremy could play that game.

"Nothing, really. Latest girl got a little rough. She took 'playing hard to get' a little too literally, if you know what I mean."

"Your latest girl?" Tommy's face reddened, and he clenched his fists. "The girl you were with last night did that to you? A one-night stand?"

"Yep." Jeremy rocked back on his heels. How the hell was he supposed to end this conversation? He'd had enough awkward reminders of his past in the last twenty-four hours to last him a lifetime. And Tommy wasn't on his to-do list today. Neither was forgiving him. "Look, I'm gonna head to my room now. I didn't get much sleep."

Jeremy made it two steps before Tommy asked, "That girl last night wouldn't happen to be my sister, would she?"

He tensed. Had Erica called Tommy? Told him Jeremy was in town? Why would she have done that? What had broken between them couldn't be fixed.

Jeremy swallowed and turned back. "Why would you think that?"

Tommy crossed his arms over his chest. "Because you're wearing my clothes, idiot."

Son of a whore.

He'd forgotten he'd borrowed Tommy's clothing. Even worse, he'd need to return it to Erica. Would need to see her one more time. Maybe he'd package everything up nice and neat and ship it through the mail. No human contact required. No reminders of not one, but two rejections he'd been stupid enough to set himself up for.

He'd rather charge unarmed into enemy territory than see her again. He wasn't right for her. Either she was telling the truth and, no matter what she might want physically, she wasn't looking for a boyfriend and preferred to focus on her career.

Or she'd lied to him, and didn't want to hurt his feelings. Didn't want him, period.

Either way, he wasn't going back for a third helping of humiliation.

Tommy cleared his throat and stepped closer. Right in Jeremy's space, and suddenly Jeremy didn't feel like a war vet who'd kicked more than a little insurgent ass. He outweighed Tommy in muscle mass, but the way the man was eyeing him right now, that might not make a difference.

"You going to answer me," Tommy growled, "or do I have to beat it out of you?"

"Uh." Jeremy raised both hands. "I might have run into Erica, but it was just for a night. We didn't-I didn't-"

Tommy fisted a handful of his shirt and shoved him back, eyes blazing. "You shithead. If you hurt her, I'll kill you here and now." He shoved Jeremy again, snarling. "Or were you too chicken to go through with it? Did you turn tail once you saw her scars, huh? Asshole. I should have killed you the last damned time!"

Jeremy held very, very still. If he didn't, he'd punch Tommy right in the teeth. Had they still been friends, he might have. Tommy probably deserved a shot at him, since he'd just implied that he'd f**ked his little sister like sex was a bloodsport and they were up for the gold.

Wait. Scars?

"What are you talking about? What scars? And why would I have been chicken?"

"You know exactly what I'm talking about," Tommy hissed, then glanced to the side. His grip went slack. "Shit. Play it cool. I'm not going to jail, even for the pleasure of kicking your ass."

Jeremy followed Tommy's gaze. A trio of security guards forged through the crowd, hands hovering at their hips and a little too close to their Tasers. Jeremy had been tased once during a demonstration exercise in basic training. He had no desire to experience the 31 Flavors of electroshock pain a second time.

He pulled free of Tommy's grip with a frown. "Let's finish this somewhere else. My room. Come on."

Together, they tried to skirt the security guards, but the men blocked their path. "Everything okay here?"

Jeremy tried his best drunken grin. "It's all good. We're old friends."

Tommy nodded, but didn't speak. His jaw was clenched tight, his arms tense. The guards looked less than convinced, but they let Jeremy and Tommy pass. They threaded through the packed casino and into the lobby. Jeremy led Tommy to his room without speaking. Anything they had to say to each other wouldn't be pretty. Privacy was best.

Once inside, Jeremy closed the door and leaned against it. "Tell me what the hell you're talking about. Now."

Tommy eyed him. "You really don't know about her scars?"

"I don't know what the f**k you're talking about." Jeremy ground his teeth. "What scars?"

"You'd know if you'd actually slept with her. So where did the bruises come from, really?"

Jeremy sighed and moved deeper into the room to sink down on the couch. Either he was getting old, or just worn the f**k out, but he was too tired for this conversation. "It's not your damned business, is it? I'm pretty sure you swore off our friendship the night you accused me of screwing your wife."

Tommy blanched. "Look, I know I was wrong. I should have known then, too."

"Yeah. You should have." Jeremy fingered his dog tags and stared out the window. "You, of all people, should have known I wouldn't do that. Everyone else, I expect it. I know they'll automatically jump to the worst conclusion. But you?"

"I know." Tommy sighed. "I'm sorry. I don't know what else to say."

"But you just did it again."

"You can't blame that one on me. You practically told me you jungle-fucked my sister. That one's on you." Tommy tried a smile, weary and humorless. "Look, I knew better. I knew you wouldn't sleep with Nicole. I knew you loved Erica, but I fell for the lies anyway. Nicole practically had me in a noose. When it comes to love, the brain stops functioning. I'm sorry."

Jeremy closed his eyes and dragged his hand down his face. He was too tempted to tell Tommy to take his apologies and go to hell, but unfortunately he understood him all too well. Love made people act like idiots. Just like how he constantly threw himself at Erica, even though he knew she didn't want him.

His mind knew he was wasting his time, but his heart refused to listen.

"I know you're sorry," Jeremy said. "And I'll try to accept that, but it's not easy. That night ruined so much for me. So much for us. And Erica..."

"I know. You loved her. I think she loved you, too. She cried every day for a month after you left. After you never came back." Tommy's fingers curled into fists. "After I chased you away."

Jeremy blinked. "She did? Why? She didn't love me. I told her..." He balked. It was hard to be honest with Tommy, after so many years-and so many unanswered questions. What had he meant about Erica's scars? Was that why she'd pushed him away? "...I told her I loved her, and she ran away."

"She might have run away," Tommy said, "but she regretted it. But how the hell did you end up with her last night?"

Jeremy groaned and rubbed his temples. "It all started yesterday..."

Chapter Five

Erica stood in front of the mirror and tried to accept that the thing staring back at her was really her. This was her reality, now. She wasn't ugly, she told herself. She shouldn't hate herself. It wasn't her fault.

One night, one careless truck driver, and her whole life had changed forever. She hated what she saw. So did every man she'd been with since then. It had started with Nathan. She hadn't been surprised when he'd left. Hell, she'd been ready to call it off before the accident. She could only take so much perfection before she wanted to hurt him just to see some real human emotion.

But he'd only reaffirmed what she'd feared when she'd woken up in her hospital bed, bandaged and hurting everywhere. No one could see past the scars on her stomach and back. No one could ever want her again, without pity motivating them. She'd spend her life alone. She'd been all right with that. Accepting, even.

Until Jeremy came back.

He'd dared to make her want more. Dared to make her want him. But if he saw her, the real her, what would he do? Run away? Make excuses? No. She couldn't bear to be rejected by the one man she'd loved since childhood. She was better off alone. Safer.

But she didn't feel better.

A knock echoed up from the first floor. She dropped her shirt and smoothed it back into place. Who the hell was at her door at nine in the evening? Tommy, probably. She dashed down the stairs, cracked the door open, and peeked through, squinting into the darkness. The damned porch light was out again, and she wasn't taking the chain off the door until she was sure it was Tommy and not some escaped convict out for revenge.

Worse. It was Jeremy, standing on her doorstep with flowers in hand, Tommy's clothes precisely folded in the other.

He even folded shirts better than she did. She wanted to just slap an apron on him and keep him.

He offered the bouquet. "Can I come in?"

Erica bit back a groan. "Why? I think we said everything already."

"No, we didn't." His eyes captured her and refused to let go. "We need to talk."

Her heartbeat quickened. She wished she could grab it and just squeeze it until it stopped being so stupid and gullible. Why did he want to talk to her? Anything they said would only hurt more when she sent him away again. What would it take for him to realize she wasn't his, and never would be? Did she need to give his heart a good squeeze, too-squeeze it until it broke?

"You need to go." She tried to close the door. He stuck his foot in the crack.

"I saw Tommy at my hotel."

She caught her breath and checked him for more bruises. He looked the same; battered, beat to shit and back, still gorgeous, but no worse than before. "What happened?"

He raised a brow. "That's a topic best discussed inside."

"Are you going to tell me if I don't let you in?"

"No."

She sighed and rolled her eyes. "Then by all means," she said, unhooking the chain and opening the door. "Come in."

Warning bells screamed in her head. Close the door. Slam it in his face before it was too late. She ignored them. Apprehension left her trembling-apprehension and a tiny flicker of hope, that the impossible might happen. That she could tell him all about her scars, and he would love her anyway. Want her anyway.

She really was a stupid, hopeless idealist.

When he stepped inside and offered the flowers, she curled her fingers around the crinkling paper wrapper. Tulips. She'd always loved tulips, and she couldn't help bringing them close to inhale their fragrance. "Thank you. Did you remember these were my favorites, or was it a lucky guess?"

"I remember everything you've ever told me," he said, his voice rough, each word nearly caressing her. "I couldn't forget if I tried."

"I was ten when I told you." Her breaths hitched. "How can you possibly remember that?"

"I remember how old you were, too. I remember all of it." He grinned. "And so do you."

She flushed and shook her head. How could he remember a detail as small as her favorite flower? That had been sixteen years ago. He was probably bluffing, and just pretending he remembered. "Fine. Who was my favorite band back then?"

"Backstreet Boys. Especially Kevin. You liked them dark and broody." Not a moment's hesitation. Damn him. "You didn't like NSync, but you liked Justin Timberlake. Do you still?"

"Uh. Yeah." She stared at him. "How do you remember that?"

He laughed and brushed a finger down her cheek. The touch left chills in its wake. "Because you told me."

"Favorite color?"

"Purple. You're not even asking hard questions."

"Damn you," she muttered.

She took refuge in the kitchen and set the tulips on the counter. His laughter followed. How could he possibly know her so well? She barely remembered which damned Backstreet Boy she'd liked best. Why did he?

She opened a cabinet and, with unsteady hands, retrieved a vase. When she turned to grab the flowers, she collided with his chest. He chuckled and steadied her-and didn't release her. She stared up into his irresistible blue eyes. Why had she turned him away, again?

Oh. Right. Her scars.

"Still can't walk in a straight line to save your life. Never could. I thought lawyers were supposed to be all methodical poise." His fingers stroked against her arms. "But I like that that didn't change about you. I like everything about you. Even if you are a dull, boring lawyer."

She tried to smile. "I couldn't pull off 'poise' to save my life."

Tension crackled between them. His gaze traced over her lips, until she could almost feel the deviant things those eyes promised to do to her mouth. She licked her lips. He leaned closer, and she bit back a moan.

"I'd b-better put the flowers in water," she mumbled.

He shook his head, released her, and leaned against the island. His fingers played over his dog tags. He always seemed to do that when he had something on his mind. She wondered what it was now-and regretted it when he asked, "Anything else you want to test me on? I'm a master of Erica pop trivia."

Question number three, for the prize: why can't I get you out of my head?

"Who did I like in tenth grade?"

"Me."

"Be serious." She couldn't stand to let him know how close to the truth he was. She scowled. "Come on. Guess again."

"All right, all right. Kenny. No idea why. He was a loser."

"That's why. I was in a bad boy phase." She chuckled and set the flowers in the vase. "Every girl needs at least one bad boy in her life at some point."

"Are you still in that phase?" He straightened, his movements lazy and powerful, and tugged a lock of her hair. "I can play the part to perfection. Even got the background and tattoos to prove it. And I come with references. Cops count, right?"

She burst into laughter. "Sorry. I grew out of that a long time ago."

"Then I retract my previous statement, and request that the judge strike it from the record. I'm a good guy, I swear." Jeremy smiled, about as innocent as the big bad wolf in human form. "I'm harmless."

"Doubtful."

He said nothing, only watching her with those intense eyes and continuing to toy with that lock of her hair. If he didn't stop looking at her like that...

She drew out of his reach. "I'd offer you a drink, but this shirt is dry-clean only."

He winced, but his eyes creased at the corners. "Ow. Not nice."

"You had it coming."

"I usually do." He grinned. "I'll get the glasses if you get the wine?"

"Sure."

They moved about the kitchen in companionable silence. It felt so...domestic. As if they'd been working alongside each other like this for years. Erica watched him pour the wine. She couldn't quite figure out what to make of him, or why he was here. Why had he shown up with flowers? That was taking semper fi a little too far, especially when she could only turn him down no matter how faithfully he pursued her.

They headed to the living room with full glasses in hand. She settled on the couch with her legs tucked under her. "So what happened with Tommy?"

"He saw me wearing his clothes and flipped out."

"Shit." She took a sip of her wine. She was tempted to guzzle the whole damned thing. "What did you tell him?"

"Well..." He cleared his throat. There he went with the dog tags again. She wouldn't like this, would she? "It would've been easier to explain if I hadn't told him the bruises came from going round for round with a wild woman the night before."

She gasped. Every drop of blood in her body rushed to her face. "You didn't!"

"I did," he admitted sheepishly. "But in my defense, I forgot I was wearing his clothes, and he took me by surprise. I tried to backtrack, but he didn't believe me."

She was dead. Tommy would never let her live this down. "What did he do?"

He tossed back the rest of his wine and set the glass on the coffee table. When he looked at her, every trace of teasing amusement had disappeared. Prickles of alarm raised the fine hairs at her nape.

"He told me he'd kill me for seeing you, then running away." He watched her steadily. "Why would he think that? Why would you?"

She choked on her wine. Fear sent her heart tumbling over itself at impossible speeds. Jeremy watched her intently, practically daring her to come clean. But how could she? Her secrets were hers to keep. Tommy didn't get to decide when and where she told them, or to whom. She'd kill him. Get rid of Jeremy, then head right over to Tommy's and kill him. She might be smaller, but she'd kick his ass so hard he wouldn't be able to sit for a week.

She slammed her glass down on the coffee table and lurched to her feet, hands on her hips. "You need to go. If you don't, I can't guarantee your safety. Or that I won't just punch you in the face."

"You wouldn't be the first." He stretched an arm along the back of the couch and made himself comfortable. "Go ahead. My left cheek isn't bruised yet. I think it needs a little color, don't you?"

"Jeremy!" She snarled and stomped her foot. "I'm serious. You need to leave."

"No. I'm not running away again." He stood and gripped her elbows. His eyes pleaded. "Every time we get close to something good, something real, you run away. Not this time. I won't let you. I know we have something here. I know we can be something, if you'll just let me in. Why won't you?"

His calm control infuriated her. She was supposed to be the calm one. She was supposed to be in control. How dare he be composed and rational when she was ready to break something over his head?

Maybe she'd start with the wine glass.

"I don't let you in because I don't want to. I don't want you." But her voice broke on the last word, and she couldn't meet his eyes.

"Bullshit." His fingers tightened. "Yes, you do want me. But you refuse to admit it, like you refused to admit it seven years ago. Your act may have worked on me then, but it won't now. I'm not leaving until we talk about this like adults."

Erica closed her eyes and prayed for patience. Patience remained conspicuously silent. Damn it. She'd always been the rational one. She was a lawyer, for the love of God. If lawyers went around screaming at the judge, they'd end up getting traded for cigarettes in the local clink. She'd never, ever lost her temper, but her temperance had left her high and dry just when she needed it most.

She dragged her eyes to his. "Please. Can't you just accept that I don't want to be with you, and go?"

"Only if it's the truth. Then I'll go away and you can take out that restraining order. Or I can stop by at Christmas and Thanksgiving to say hi to the folks and catch up with old friends. Whatever you want...as long as you're telling me the truth. Are you?"

She parted her lips to lie, but the words wouldn't come out.

"Talk to me," he coaxed. "Tell me what's wrong."

She jerked free from his hold, turned her back on him, and smoothed her shirt down with sweaty hands. "You have no right to barge in here and demand anything of me after I haven't seen you in years."

"Do you remember the last time we saw each other?" His voice was so quiet she almost couldn't hear him. "Do you remember what I said?"

How could she ever forget? If only she hadn't been so afraid of the feelings he roused in her.

If only she hadn't run away.

She sank to the couch and knotted her hands together. She couldn't look at him, couldn't stand to see his eyes, so warm and filled with love. Love she wanted so much it hurt. Love she could destroy so easily.

"Of course I remember," she whispered.

He sat beside her and clasped her hands. "I meant what I said. I've loved you my whole life. I couldn't stop thinking about you. I've never stopped thinking about you."

"That was seven years ago!" she snapped. Stay strong. She couldn't let him in. She had to stay strong, damn it. "People change. They grow up and want different things."

He shook his head. "Not me. I grew up, but I still want you."

"Stop it. Just stop it." Her heart twisted, shattering from the pressure of the stranglehold he had on it. He was killing her. Every word was destroying her resolve and making her weak. Too weak. He didn't know a damned thing about her anymore. Not one of those pretty words applied to who she was now.

"I won't stop." His fingers enfolded hers, so warm, so capable, so strong. "Not until you admit you still have feelings for me, too. Just like you did then."

She made a strangled sound and ripped her hands from his. "What makes you think I cared about you? I ran away!"

"And you cried every day for a month. Tommy told me."

Right now, Tommy's chances of survival were looking lower than a major metropolitan center's in a nuclear holocaust. Erica clenched her fists. "Tommy won't be alive much longer, so you'll have to find another informant. Maybe a few more convenient classmates. I hope you two make your peace before I put him in the ground. Now leave."

"I'm not leaving. How many times do I have to say that before you listen?" He caught her chin with a gentle touch and lifted her to meet his eyes. "I love you. I've never stopped loving you. Will never stop loving you, no matter what you do or say."

She didn't realize she was crying until she felt the wet trail of tears on her cheeks, but she couldn't stop them. She doubted they'd ever stop, after tonight. "You have no idea what you're saying," she whispered.

"Yes, I do. Do you know how I knew you were a lawyer? I tried to keep up with you. Where you were. What you were doing. Though I tried not to cross the stalker threshold." He smiled wryly. "But I couldn't let you go then...and I can't let you go now."

She shook her head frantically. Her tears blinded her. "You have to. You can't love me. You don't know about my scars-"

"So tell me about them!" That self-control snapped to leave him surging to his feet, gesturing sharply. "What could possibly be so bad that you're afraid to tell me? Did you get them while murdering someone? Robbing a bank?"

"Don't be a melodramatic ass." She swiped jerkily at her cheeks and straightened her shoulders. He wanted to know the truth. She wanted him to leave her alone. She knew one fast and easy way to take care of both. She rose, dread settling deep in her stomach and crawling down her legs to leave them numb. "You want to see them? You want to see my scars?"

"Yes. A few marks on your skin won't scare me away. It drives me crazy that you think it would."

"That's because you're a naive, idealistic fool."

She untucked her shirt, her hands shaking. His eyes followed her movements. She forced down her foolish hope that he might still want her, after this. He made his promises now, but he hadn't seen her yet.

"Two years ago," she said, "I was driving home from work. It was late, and I was tired. I remember the pizza on the seat next to me. I remember thinking about getting home and eating. I even remember how the pepperoni smelled. The cheese, too. It was fabulous. The memory's so strong I can smell it even now."

The words came out in a rush. They'd been held inside for so long she couldn't contain them anymore. She wanted him to know what had happened to her-but she clung to the hem of the shirt. Her security blanket. Maybe for too long, but she needed something to hide behind. Now more than ever.

"I didn't even see the truck coming," she whispered. "I still don't remember the moment it hit. Just the lights, the horn. They didn't even register until it was too late."

Jeremy's face paled. "What happened?"

"I dropped my phone. I was waiting for an important client call, and I was at a red light, so I figured I'd just grab it really quick and buckle back up. When I bent over to reach my phone, a semi lost control and T-boned my passenger-side door. My last memory is of the lights. I thought 'Oh, good, I see my phone.' Then...nothing."

With a rough sound, he dragged her into his arms. His tall, powerful body trembled against hers. "Oh, my God. I'm so sorry."

She let herself rest against his chest for one heartbreaking moment, then pulled away. She couldn't let herself be weak now. This wasn't even the worst of it. "I'm not done."

He reached for his dog tags again. She was making him nervous. Good. He should be.

"Okay," he said. "I'm listening."

She made herself look at his face. Made herself see every terrible emotion there, even if it broke her. The love she craved. The hesitation she feared. The compassion she needed, and the sympathy she never wanted.

"My shirt was polyester. Flammable. I didn't get out of the car fast enough. My shirt caught on fire, burning my stomach and back. I'm told I was only on fire for a very short time, but it did more than enough damage."

"You don't have to show me if you're not ready," he said. "Whatever it is, I don't care. I love you."

He reached for her again, but she jerked back. "No! You need to see it. Then you'll know why you have to go."

"Erica, I don't care if you have scars, damn it! I'm not leaving you."

"Spare me. My fiance left me because of them. I've lived like a nun since the accident. Don't patronize me when you haven't even seen them yet."

She lifted her chin and gathered her courage. This was the moment when everything would change. All the love and desire in his eyes would change to disgust and pity.

She wanted to close her eyes and shut him out, but she wouldn't. She refused to back down now. If nothing else, the horror in Jeremy's eyes would reinforce her reasons for never letting anyone close again.

Her hands were frozen, unresponsive. Slowly, moving like a creaking doll, she pulled her shirt up and waited-waited for him to recoil and turn away in disgust.

But his eyes remained on her face, his jaw clenched, his fists tight. "You don't need to do this," he said. "I shouldn't have pushed you. I'm sorry for upsetting you so much. Put your shirt down."

She shook her head. She could barely see him through the tears, but she held her ground. "No. Look. Or leave now. Either way, you'll go."

His gaze dropped slowly, inch by agonizing inch. She knew the moment the reality of her twisted body struck him. He paled and sank down on the arm of the couch, shaking. His eyes squeezed shut. Of course they did. Closing out her ugliness. Her repulsiveness. He wasn't the first to be disgusted by her-but he would be the last, damn it all to hell.

She'd known how this would end. She'd tried to avoid it, but he wouldn't give up. He'd made her expose herself-her shame, her disfigurement-and made her let him in. For what? What had she gained from this besides pain and mortification?

She dropped her shirt back into place. The salt taste of her tears choked her. He still hadn't moved. He just sat there like a statue, amazingly crafted, beautiful and untouchable. She couldn't stand to look at him right now, so handsome when she was so ugly. Her heart lurched. She couldn't breathe.

Why had she let him in?

She needed to escape. Even another second with him was too much. "You know your way out," she choked out and, turning, bolted up the stairs.

In the safety of her room, she closed the door, locked it, and threw herself on the empty bed. Curling into the fetal position, she clutched her legs tight to her chest. Maybe if she made a small enough bundle, she could squeeze all the pain down into a tiny knot she could stuff away in the smallest corner of her. Maybe then, she'd feel better.

And maybe if she scrunched her eyes shut and blocked out the world, it would just...disappear, and take Jeremy Addison with it.

Chapter Six

Jeremy opened his eyes in time to watch her flee. He kicked the couch. Fucking idiot. Why hadn't he said something? Why hadn't he heard about this? If he'd known, he could have been there for her. Held her hand. Supported her through this, and made sure she knew every day what a beautiful, amazing woman she was.

She'd thought he would be disgusted with her? Repulsed by a few scars?

He was a Marine. His fellow soldiers, men and women he trusted with his life, the only family that had welcomed him when Tommy had turned him away...they'd all been shot, burned, or torn apart by first-hand lessons in explosive warfare. Half were dead. He had a bullet hole in his shoulder, sustained over a year ago in a nasty fight in Fallujah.

He knew scars. He saw them every day. The fact that she was still alive was a miracle, not something to be embarrassed about. Her scars told the story of her life. Of her strength. She'd been through an accident and lived. She hadn't given up. Hadn't died.

She was here. And damn it, she was his.

He'd waited too long to love her the way she deserved. He wasn't about to wait a second longer. The pain in her eyes when she'd bared herself to him, the determination when she'd refused to look away from his scrutiny, only made him love her more. Her bravery and honesty in the face of what she'd thought was certain revulsion and rejection impressed him far more than flawless skin ever could.

Did Erica really think he was shallow enough to run from her? Like her yellow-bellied, pathetic excuse for an ex-fiance? He curled his fists. That bastard. He'd like to show that coward how it felt, after he'd made her feel so inferior. But Erica needed him. Needed more than his anger. She needed his honesty, his love, and he'd be damned if he wouldn't give them to her.

Marks on a body didn't matter. The marks she'd left on his heart were more permanent than scars, and eternally more binding.

He took the stairs two at a time and tried every room upstairs until he found one locked at the end of the hall. Hers, without a doubt. He took a calming breath and knocked.

"Erica? Can I come in?"

He heard a distant shuffling noise. Her voice came out quiet and muffled. "Why don't you just go away?"

"Because I love you." He held his breath. Would she believe him? Would she let him in? "I don't think your scars are ugly. I think they're perfect. You're perfect."

The doorknob rattled. The door opened just enough for one eye to peer through. "You don't have to do this. I won't care if you go. You wouldn't be the first."

"No way in hell. I'm not leaving. You can't make me. Not now, and not ever."

She pulled the door open fully and stared at him, her pretty brown eyes wide-and he finally saw something in them, something raw and unguarded and vulnerable and beautiful.

Hope.

"Why?" she asked.

"Because. I. Love. You." He'd say it until she believed it. He'd cherish her for every minute of every day, until she finally realized the truth. "I love you, and I want to spend the rest of my life making you happy. If you let me, I will. Especially since I'm pretty damned sure you love me, too."

She bit her lower lip. God, she'd been driving him mad with that since the fourth grade. Every time she did it her mouth turned red and soft, until he wanted to lick that ripe, glistening fullness.

"You did look at my scars, right?" She searched his face, so wary, so careful.

He laughed. "Yes, ma'am. And I could care less about them. I'm just angry I wasn't there to help you through the pain and agony. I wish I'd known. I'd have come back for you."

Her eyes narrowed. "You can't possibly want to be with me now."

"Why not? Love isn't about perfection or beauty. It's not about how good you look in a bikini, or how perfect your skin is. Love is about...about..." He fumbled for words. "About needing that certain someone in your life-that someone who makes you feel whole. It's helping the person you love when they need a hand to stand straight. Love is never giving up on the person you care about."

He crossed the threshold. She stumbled back, clutching her hand to her chest.

"You're that person for me, Erica," he said. "Not only are you the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, but you're just as gorgeous inside as you are out. And I love you. Every part of you."

"I don't see how," she said, voice ragged with desperation. "I haven't seen you in seven years."

He cupped her cheek. "What's seven years in a lifetime?"

Tears rolled down her cheeks. "I don't know if I can do this. I don't know if I can even try. You're leaving soon."

"I'll be close enough." He pulled her into his arms and held her tight against his chest. Her curves fit his body in all the right places, like she was made for him. "We can at least try. Can we give it a shot and see how it works out?"

She drew back and searched his face. He held his breath and silently begged her not to turn him away again. If she said no this time, it would be because she really didn't want him. There were no secrets anymore. No doubts. He knew her fears. He'd seen her scars. But if she truly, honestly didn't love him, there was nothing he could do.

Her lips trembled, and she nodded. "Okay. If you're sure you really-"

"I've never been more sure of anything in my life," he said, and kissed her.

She sighed and leaned into him, and he crushed her close. He wanted to pick her up and shout his joy to the world. He'd show her. He'd show her how perfect they were for each other-from the way their lips melded and melted to the way their tongues twined, from the way their bodies molded to the tandem beats of racing hearts. And so much more, in the love he had to give her. The life he had to give her, that would be forever hers.

He traced her mouth with the tip of his tongue, and she moaned and clutched at his shirt. He'd never been this close to heaven before, and never wanted to crash to earth. When she released his shirt and trailed her hands over his back, her br**sts pressed against his chest. His senses burned. Her fingers skimmed over his body, and he choked back a sound. Too much. More than he could handle. More than he could resist. He tore his mouth from hers.

"Jeremy," she protested, and kissed him again.

He let her have her way with him for a few moments longer, then reluctantly pried himself from her grasp. She was breathing heavily, hands clenched before her. The desire in her eyes tore at him, eating him alive.

"What is it? What's wrong?" she asked.

"I don't want to rush you."

He was trembling with so many years of repressed desire, but he couldn't stand to pressure her. He closed his eyes. He'd wanted her-no, needed her-for so long, and she finally wanted him in return. But he had to give her space. Time. He'd loved her practically his whole life. There was no such thing as too fast for him, but he didn't want to force her into anything she might later regret.

He let out a heavy breath and opened his eyes. "We can-should take our time."

Her lips curled up at the corners, and she tilted her head. "I could have sworn we already covered this territory about the 'stranger danger' conversation."

She closed the distance between them and tugged at his shirt. He tensed.

"Erica-"

"Don't," she said, and something in the hoarse catch of her voice stopped him. "Please don't push me away now."

She sank to her knees and smoothed her hands over his stomach, then walked her fingers down. When she traced the hard shape of his erection, he groaned and closed his eyes.

Yet nothing could erase the image of her kneeling before him and stroking him. His entire body shuddered with each gentle touch. He gritted his teeth. Capturing her hand, he drew her to her feet and cupped her face in his palms, memorizing every detail. Every curve and hollow of her features. Every fleck of tawny hazel in her eyes. Everything.

"Erica, love, I'm trying hard to be good."

"No one asked you to."

She rose on her toes and pressed her mouth to his. She plundered him greedily, with a heat and hunger he'd never known she possessed beneath that delicate skin. By the time she drew back he was panting, taut and burning and ready. But it was the emotion in her eyes that set him alight-a warmth that he hoped might be the first sparks of love.

"I won't regret it," she said. "I promise."

When she kissed him again, he surrendered with a tortured groan. The last of his restraint dissolved, leaving nothing but her. He crushed her lips to his and swept her against his body. Her shirt rode up to her br**sts. She reached between them to tug it down, but he caught her wrists.

"You don't have to hide yourself from me."

Slowly, he backed her toward the bed and pushed her down. Her legs cradled him as he stretched himself over her and drank in every inch of her, sprawled so lovely beneath him.

Leaning down, he nipped her earlobe. "Let me love you," he whispered. "All of you."

He trailed kisses along her jaw, until he finally found her mouth. She was ready for him, and her tongue dueled with his the moment their mouths met. She dragged her fingers through his hair and moved restlessly beneath him. His hands explored her body, discovering every soft, flowing curve, every sensitive place that made her shudder and twist. When he cupped her breast, she whimpered and arched her back. His body screamed at him to hurry, to take what she offered so freely. Strip her naked. Plunge inside.

He'd never made love to a woman before. Sex was one thing. This was different. This was the woman he loved, and he wanted to do it right. He broke free of her embrace and tore his shirt over his head, then stripped out of his jeans. She watched him, that damnably sexy lower lip caught between her teeth again, her eyes liquid with desire. He devoured her parted lips, her dilated eyes, and imprinted them on his memory. He would carry this moment with him forever.

"God, you're perfect," she whispered, cheeks flushed.

Her outstretched hand invited him. Irresistible. He shed his boxers and slid back onto the bed. His body covered hers, and he rested his weight against the sweet fragility of her as he kissed her until she was panting, wet lips open for him. Her clothing teased against his naked skin, utterly maddening. He wanted to rip it from her body and leave every glorious inch naked to his touch, but not yet. No matter her eagerness, he didn't want to push her too hard, too fast.

His erection brushed her inner thigh, and his hips jerked. He ached for the tight heat of her, but distracted himself by worshipping her body. His lips claimed her throat, and his teeth marked every inch of it as his with taunting, gentle bites that left her tossing her head, crying out in sharp little gasps. His fingers traced over her stomach through her shirt, and rose to cup her br**sts again. His thumbs teased her ni**les through the fabric, and she writhed.

"Jeremy," she whimpered.

"Not yet, love," he said, and kissed her again. Slower. Deeper. Loving her mouth with obsessive focus, exploring every inch of her while his fingers teased her clothing away. She arched her hips as he drew her shorts off and peeled her panties down. But when he went for her shirt, she froze.

"Wait," she gasped, stiff beneath him. "Turn out the lights."

"No." He brushed his mouth to hers and tightened his grip on the shirt. He tasted her tears. He knew she had a hard time letting go, but if he didn't show her now, she would never believe him. "Trust me. You're beautiful."

"No." She shook her head. "No, I'm not."

He met her eyes. "You are. You're the most beautiful person I've ever met."

Her smile was watery through her tears. "When you say it, I almost believe it."

His heart wrenched in his chest. He traced his thumb over her lower lip and kissed away her tears, then coaxed her hands away from their death grip on the shirt. "One day," he said, "you won't need me to say it for you to know it's true. But until then, I'll show you as many times as you need." He slipped his hand beneath the shirt and rested it against the bare skin of her stomach; she sucked in a breath. "If you really don't want me to do this, I'll stop. But seeing your scars won't change how I feel about you. It didn't make me leave before, and it won't make me leave now."

Her eyes locked on his. Her shaking fingers touched his cheek. The combination of fear and adoration in her eyes nearly ripped him apart. "Okay," she said.

More than fear and adoration...he realized there was trust there. Trust in him. Trust that he would never hurt her. Trust no one else had ever given him. He smiled.

He would give her everything he could in return.

He lifted the shirt inch by inch. His lips followed the fabric, trailing kisses up to her scarred stomach. He'd expected her to close her eyes, but she watched his face without flinching. Each kiss brought him closer to her breast, until he took the warm peak of her nipple into his mouth and caressed it with the tip of his tongue.

She cried out and buried her fingers in his hair. Tears streaked down her face, yet she arched and moaned in pleasure as he showed her just how much he loved her body. He loved her with his lips, with his tongue, with gentle nips and nibbles, leaving nothing untouched. There was no part of her he didn't adore, and no part of her he didn't taste.

It took the last of his shredded self-control to pull away, panting, long enough put on a condom. She grasped at his hips and dug her fingernails into his skin.

"Jeremy," she pleaded, and tugged him closer. "Now."

He took a steadying breath and kissed her. As her tongue caressed his mouth, he thrust fully into her. She enveloped him in lustrous, gliding heat, the wet fire of her stroking him until he groaned. She couldn't have fit him more perfectly. She was amazing.

She was his.

"I-I can't go slow," he gritted out through his teeth. Need left his body taut, and so very ready. He'd planned on languid, unhurried lovemaking, but he didn't think he could hold back any longer.

"Then don't," she panted. She arched against him, scratching her nails down his back.

His mind stopped working. His body, his desire, his consuming need for her took over. Only she could give him this pleasure. He drove into her. She rose to meet him, wanton and wild. He met her every demand, wildness for wildness, madness for madness, kiss for kiss, passion for passion.

Pleasure mounted in a cresting surge, and he matched the rhythm of her body until she tensed. With a sighing, shuddering cry, she peaked, tightening around him in convulsing waves, her body trembling, her skin glistening with sweat. Her slickness poured over him, and he filled her again and again until bliss spread through his body and melted him.

He collapsed atop her, heart racing, and held her close. It was long moments before he could speak, before he could even move. He pushed himself up on shaking arms.

"Holy shit," he breathed. "You're amazing."

She blushed. A shy smile crept across her lips. "It's my best kept secret."

He burst into laughter. God, he couldn't imagine no longer having her in his life. He'd never planned much for the future, but now he saw one with her. One that would give him a reason to fight, a reason to survive, so he could come home to her waiting arms.

"Brat," he murmured, and leaned down to kiss the tip of her nose-then finally kissed that dimple that had teased him for so long. "Keep it a secret. I don't want anyone else stealing you away."

The warmth in her eyes left him breathless. "You don't have to worry about that. You weren't the only one with a crush."

"So you finally admit I was right?"

"This one time. One time. Don't get used to it. It won't happen again." She trailed a fingertip over his arm. "Everyone knows I'm always right."

That one light touch was enough to rouse him again. If he wasn't careful, she'd kill him. He sank down against her and buried his face in her throat, breathing in the scent of her warm skin. The scent of her pleasure. The scent of both of them, together.

"Why did you run away?" he asked, brushing his lips over her neck. "When I told you, the first time."

She laughed. "Because I thought you'd slept with my brother's wife! What did you think I'd do? And you were drunk. And I was scared. I'd loved you for so long, and there you were, telling me you loved me too. I didn't know whether to believe you or run screaming."

"So you ran screaming."

"I could have sworn 'Captain Obvious' was my job description."

He could have kicked himself. He was such a fool. Of course she wouldn't throw herself into his arms three minutes after he'd told her Tommy had beaten the shit out of him for sleeping with his wife. Maybe Tommy hadn't hit his younger self hard enough, if he was that much of a dumbass.

Then the full meaning of her words struck him. "Wait. You loved me? That wasn't just something Tommy said?"

"Can my brother not keep anything secret?" She slumped beneath him. "Yes. I did. I don't think I've ever stopped. I couldn't even bring myself to care when my fiance left, because he wasn't you. I thought I loved him, but...I couldn't. Not like I loved you."

She loved him. She really, honestly loved him. Jeremy pressed his cheek to her hair and crushed her close against him.

She groaned. "Can't. Breathe."

He relaxed his grip a fraction and kissed her temple. "If you can talk, you can breathe, love."

She glowered at him. "Oh, shut up." Then she colored. "No, don't. Say it again."

"If you can talk, you can breathe?"

"No. The other part. The part where you called me..."

"...love," he finished, and smiled when she dropped her eyes, lashes sweeping down. She was so achingly, perfectly beautiful. Every scar. Every nervous little gesture. Everything about her, from the way she compressed her lips when she was angry to the way her nails bit into his back when she cried out his name in the heights of passion. "My love. Now, and always."

She hid her face against his shoulder. "Now you're just embarrassing me. Shut. Up."

"I don't think you're embarrassed. I think you like it...love."

With a growl, she shoved him off, then straddled him. Her eyes shone. Her hair framed her face in a lustrous tangle of chocolate. "I'll make you shut up, if you won't do it on your own. And trust me, you won't be able to handle my methods."

"Try me," he said, and rolled his hips against her.

She gasped, then slid down his body and kissed a path to his hips. Her lips were like silk on his skin. Her fingers caressed his erection, making him throb and stealing his breath.

"I will," she said. "Trust me, I will."

He bit back a moan. "Have I mentioned how much I love you?"

"Possibly. And it's entirely possible I might love you, too."

Then her lips closed around him, and he lost the ability to speak.

She was right. She knew just how to shut him up.

Chapter Seven

Erica stretched and smiled up at the ceiling. The past three days had been amazing. Jeremy hadn't left her side for longer than it took to shower and eat. Every night, he'd held her in his arms. They'd talked for hours, about everything. What had happened when they'd been apart. Their families. The life they wanted to make together.

And every morning he told her how beautiful she was, and made love to her in the rising sunlight.

It was entirely unfair that soon he'd have to return to base, hours away-and not long after that, he'd be away on deployment again. It hurt to think she wouldn't see him every day, or feel his skin against hers while she slept. Her smile faded. She ran her hand over the empty place in the bed. If only he could move here, and stay with her. But the military didn't work that way. Jeremy still had three years on this tour, and no plans to leave the Marines.

He was a career soldier, and proud of it. She was proud of him, of everything he fought for. But what did it mean for them? She'd deploy with him in a heartbeat, follow him anywhere he meant to go. She loved him, had always loved him. But it was too soon. Too fast.

Jeremy sauntered into the bedroom carrying two cups of coffee. "In case you were wondering, yes, I also provide valet service."

She forced a smile and sat up. She couldn't let him know she was worried. Not when they had so little time left together. "Thank you," she said, taking a mug.

His gaze roamed over her face. "What's wrong? You look upset."

She sighed. Damn the man for knowing her so well, right down to her false smiles. "Nothing's wrong. I'm just so...happy."

He quirked a brow. "And that upsets you...?"

"You're leaving." She swallowed hard. "I'll miss you here."

"I'll miss you, too." He kissed her forehead and settled at her side. "We'll make it work, though. My weekends are always open."

She nodded. "I can make mine work."

"Or..." He locked those scorching eyes on her. "When you're ready, we could look into you coming out with me."

"When I'm ready?" she replied with an uneasy laugh. "What about you? Don't you have to be ready, too?"

"I've been ready to spend my life with you for years." He set his coffee down, took hers, and set it on the nightstand. He slid his body over hers, pressing her down into the bed with his deliciously hot weight. His fingers laced with hers and held them pinned to either side of her shoulders. "I've just been waiting for you to feel the same. When you're ready, so am I. I want to have it all. Marriage, kids, crappy base housing." He grinned. "I want all of that, but only with you."

The lawyer side of Erica's brain said it was too much, too fast. Divorce rates were ridiculously high, especially among military spouses. But her heart wasn't listening. Her heart had waited far too long to be this happy.

Had waited far too long to have him as her own.

She let her heart decide, for once. "I'm ready for all of that. I love you. Whether we live here or there...I'm yours."

He captured her lips in a brief, dizzying kiss that bordered on savage. "You'll never be able to get rid of me."

He moved to kiss her again. She pressed her fingers to his mouth. "Hold on. I do have one request."

"Anything."

"When they ship you back overseas, don't get shot."

He laughed. "Love, I told you, I'm too ornery. I'm only vulnerable when it comes to you. There...I'm completely defenseless."

She fingered the dog tags dangling between them. "I like the sound of that."

"Planning to abuse me mercilessly?"

"Maybe not mercilessly."

He laughed. She smiled and traced her fingers over his lips. He was so amazing. So right for her. The split in his lower lip was still healing; she touched it gently. One stupid night in Vegas, one fistfight he never should have gotten in, had thrown him out into the desert and brought him back into her life.

She couldn't imagine how she'd managed without him.

"You and me," she said. "I think we can handle anything."

"Together?" he asked.

"Together."

He pressed his lips to hers. She wrapped her arms around him. Things might be uncertain. They might be hard. But right now, she'd never been more certain of anything in her life.

Wherever he belonged, so did she.

Epilogue

Erica stood in the huge crowd of women and children, and peered anxiously over their shoulders. Any minute now, the bus would pull in and Jeremy would come striding out. He'd been overseas for seven painfully long months. Her body hummed with anticipation. She fidgeted and tightened her grip on her homemade WELCOME HOME sign until she felt the wood creak under her chokehold. She relaxed her fingers and stole a quick glance at her watch.

Still only seven thirty. Damn it.

"Relax," Tommy soothed, and wrapped his arm around her shoulders. "He'll be here soon. Any minute now, he'll come strutting out."

"I'll relax when I can see him again," she snapped, and instantly regretted it.

She couldn't help herself. She was big as a house and cranky as a rattlesnake, with a bite twice as toxic. This morning's fight with the dispatcher at Pendleton hadn't helped, but someone needed to fix the plumbing in their shitty little base bungalow. She rubbed her swollen stomach and grimaced. The sun beat down on her head, boiling her alive. Was it always this damned hot in San Diego, or was it just her pregnant hormones trying to boil her alive?

The front of the crowd stirred. Voices rose. Erica stood up straight. Her heart tripped over itself. Tears prickled her eyes. Please, God, let it be him. This rollercoaster was killing her.

"I can't see, Tommy. Are they here?"

Tommy stood a good foot above her, well above the crush of people. He'd flown out to help with her pregnancy during the last grueling months, but right now he wasn't enough. People milled in front of her, behind her, next to her. Everyone was here except the one person she truly wanted.

"Tommy!" She jammed her elbow into his ribs. "Say something. Do you see them?"

"Ow! I'm looking, brat." He craned to see. "Yeah, I think I see the bus. They're coming out. Shit, they all look the same in their gear."

She watched every face that moved through the crowd, each soldier rushing into the arms of mothers, wives, brothers, sons. Not one was Jeremy. Several of the women around her cried out names and fought through the crowds to reach their men, but Erica was silent. Searching. The emotion, so thick in the air, was nothing compared to the bubbling cauldron of frustration and lonely, choking need ready to boil over inside her.

As the crowd thinned with no sight of him, Erica practically screamed. "Where the hell is he?"

One last straggler stepped off the bus. Everyone else faded as Erica's eyes locked on him. His gaze found her immediately, and the moment their eyes met, her smile nearly burst across her face and her eyes overflowed. He practically vaulted down the last step off the bus and took off running. She laughed and fought through the crowd to meet him, letting her house-sized belly lead the way. Her sign dropped to the ground. She didn't care.

They nearly crashed into each other, and he swept her up into his arms and kissed her. She met his lips eagerly. She'd been denied for too long. A lightning bolt of pleasure and love struck through her. His hands roamed down her back, yanking her closer-until her belly got in the way. He released her with a sigh, but every promise in his eyes said he'd find a way once they were alone.

Her hands shook as she touched over his face with wonder. He looked so tan, so thin. Seven months in the desert would do that, but she was almost afraid to touch him, as if he was a mirage that would fade if she dared press too close.

"Jeremy," she whispered.

He rested his brow to hers, his fingers tight on her hips. "Jesus, Erica. I missed you."

She smiled and wiped away the tears that wouldn't stop falling. "I missed you too. Dealing with pregnancy cravings solo? Really sucks."

He let out a choked laugh. Tommy drew closer and pulled Jeremy into an affectionate hug.

"I'm thinking he did that on purpose. Left me alone with the brat at her crankiest-and her most demanding." Tommy snorted. "She made me go out at three AM for chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream. Three times. In one week."

Erica blushed and hid her face in Jeremy's fatigues. "...I was hungry."

"I'm sure the baby appreciates it." Jeremy grinned and rested his hands to her stomach. As if the baby sensed him, he kicked her. Right in the kidney. She flinched. Jeremy watched her belly, his face rapt, wondering. "Holy shit. I think I made it just in time."

"The sooner the little monster stops kicking me, the better, but we are not having a baby tonight." She frowned at him. "We have other plans."

Tommy arched a brow. "We do?"

Jeremy chuckled and punched Tommy's shoulder. "Not you. Us." He pulled Erica close to his side. "Just me and my wife."

Tommy grimaced. "Gross. She's pregnant. And my sister."

"Pregnant or not, she's still the prettiest girl I've ever seen. And it's been a long, long time since I saw her."

Tommy groaned. "Yeah, yeah. Let's go. I'll drop you guys off and make myself scarce."

Erica kissed Jeremy, lingering on the taste of him like an addict craving a fix. Her fingers found the throat of his fatigues and toyed with his dog tags, and the ring dangling from the chain. She pulled them out of his shirt and raised a brow. "Now that you're home, how about we put that ring back on? I think it's safe from the wild, woolly desert now."

He unfastened the clasp, slipped his ring off the chain, and slid it back onto his finger. "There. Safe and sound, as promised."

"Then that's two promises you've kept."

She kissed him, sealing her mouth to his and taking everything she'd missed over seven long months. He groaned against her mouth. His hands tightened on her hips, and he nipped roughly at her lower lip. She shuddered.

"I need you," she whispered.

Jeremy picked up his bags and took her hand, lacing their fingers together in an unbreakable grip. "Then I suggest we hurry."

They nearly ran toward the car. Erica couldn't believe that in two short years, her life had gone from bleak loneliness to such utter joy. Missing Jeremy had been hard, no doubt about that. So had the nightly terror as she tossed and turned in her bed, the TV stuck on CNN and her imagination running wild. Every casualty was cause for a panic attack. Every knock on the door was the military police coming to tell her that her husband was dead. She wasn't sure how she'd survived intact, let alone sane.

But here, now? He was home. Safe. With her.

Right where he belonged.<br/>

