Escape.

It was the thing I'd wanted since I realized that my friendly cup of coffee with Whitmore and Creighton's new client, action star Cade Wallace, had been a horrible mistake.

I'd come to my senses too late, just in time for a photographer to snap enough pictures to tell a story. A story where I wasn't Cinderella at all--unless Cindy liked to spread 'em for any Prince that came knocking.

I thought I had time for damage control; to surprise Jacob with a nice dinner and after his belly was filled with steak and he had a glass of wine or two, explain myself. I thought I had time to ease him into the truth before he saw any photos of me staring into the eyes of a man I swore meant nothing. But Jacob was home and without saying a word, I knew something was terribly wrong.

I held my breath, hoping the savory aroma would sink in and he'd lose the scowl on his lips. Instead, it deepened.

"I picked up some Sullivans for dinner." My stomach churned madly as I tried to explain. "I remember you saying how you loved their prime rib so..."

My voice trailed off as he ignored me completely, instead, peeling off the remnants of his work day. He put his briefcase down with a click near the door. His coat was next, easing one arm out, then the other. He loosened his tie with an abrupt yank.

His movements were mechanical and precise and when he finally gave me his full attention, his face was tight and void of any signs of emotion. If I didn't know better, I'd think that his silence was par for the course. Classic Jacob. But he didn't mask his emotions around me anymore. Not unless I was in big trouble.

I tried to convince myself that he couldn't know. There was no way the story, the pictures, could be live that quick...right?

He finally spoke, his voice low and dangerous. "Sullivans, huh?"

I bit my lip and nodded, surprised I didn't draw blood. "I hope that's alright."

He opened his mouth and anger rippled across his face, but he hid it away almost instantly. He walked past and whatever was on his tongue was left unsaid. The tension screeched in the silence, so thick that I needed an ax to hack through it.

I drew a shaky, barely steadying breath and followed him into the dining room, wanting to get the truth out before I lost my nerve. Jacob was already seated, pouring himself a glass of wine. He didn't even acknowledge my presence, eyeing the ruby red liquid before raising the rim to his lips. The coward in me wanted to say the words from where I stood, away from his steely gaze and in a somewhat close proximity to the exit. But running was the thing that had me sneaking out of the office to meet Cade, avoiding Jacob to minimize drama. I needed to look him dead on and explain myself. I owed him that much.

"I need to talk to you." I yanked out the chair beside him and sat down, feeling like I was about to walk the plank.

I hesitantly brought my eyes to him, seeing only the razor sharp jut of his jaw until his gaze shifted to me. I was sure there would be something in those pools of blue, but he was still playing his cards close to the chest.

Of course he is, I thought, dread pulling my heart to the pit of my stomach. Cold as ice is Jacob Whitmore's default mode when he's pissed.

"After the meeting with Ca-" Really?! Now's a good time to take his insistence on first name basis to heart? "Mr. Wallace," I corrected quickly. "I, um, we..."

I swallowed the stumbled confession that rose in my throat. I just needed to get it out.

"Cade and I had coffee and when I was leaving, I ran into a photographer." I practically sighed with relief when it was out--until I saw the icy daggers shooting from Jacob's eyes.

"And you want me to pay the photographer off?"

I pulled back, surprised and slightly offended by his callous remark. "Uh, no, I just--"

"Well then what's done is done."

I gawked at him, watching him scissor through the prime rib, mouth opening and closing, Adam's apple bobbing. 'What's done is done'? Why was he holding back? This was clearly affecting him more than he let on. Maybe he wanted me to beg. To prove that I knew it was wrong.

"I'm sorry, Jacob."

It was a whispered plea, every ounce of me pouring into the words, wanting him to look at me and see that I meant it.

He didn't.

"You have nothing to be sorry for," he said with a half-shrug.

His dismissal hurt. It was as palpable and real as a blow to the gut. But my hurt feelings were irrelevant. I needed to make him understand. "It was just a cup of coffee."

"Then why are you apologizing?" He snapped his napkin like a whip before dabbing the corner of his mouth. "It's done. You had coffee, he whispered sweet nothings in your ear--"

"He did not whisper anything," I said indignantly, heat burning my cheeks. I knew I had no right to be insulted or blush like he'd just called my honor into question when I did a fine job of that myself by meeting Cade in the first place. "It didn't mean anything."

He let out a snicker that was deep and condescending. "You were millimeters from kissing him in one of them, Leila. That means everything."

And just like that, the world stood still.

He'd seen the pictures.

I was caught, a fish wriggling in the tangles of a net. Not knowing when to let go. Not knowing when to shut up. "Jacob, I'm just trying to explain that--"

"I don't want to talk about Cade Wallace!" he thundered, slamming both fists on the table.

Everything in the room that wasn't nailed down shook, along with my resolve to lay it all on the line. Clearly, talking was just making this worse.

I wish my mouth got the memo.

"But I'm--"

"If you say you're sorry one more time, I swear to God."

He finished his wine with an angry swig before slamming the glass down on the table. It was divine intervention that it didn't explode. Not that it mattered. Jacob was clearly picking up the slack in the exploding department.

"I just want to eat dinner," he said heatedly. "You want to help? You want to make things better?"

"Yes," I whispered, my throat on fire.

"Then just sit there and shut your mouth," he snarled, his handsome face colored with rage. "I don't want your excuses. I am sick of your goddamn excuses!"

My first instinct was to snap back at him, but I reined it in, taking my lumps. The only sound came from utensils scraping and my heart hammering in my chest. In the quiet, with the whisper of his anger hanging in the air, I realized that I wanted more than coming clean. This dinner, my confession, was orchestrated so I could alleviate my guilty conscience.

He had every right to be furious. It wasn't fair to make him my priest and confess to make the sick regret go away. My actions had only shifted the weight from my shoulders to his heart. And after he let me in, after he told me what I meant to him, I deserved to carry it all.

I pulled my plate toward me and forced my trembling fingers to grip the fork and knife. Even lukewarm the steak was delicious but the more I ate, the more nauseous I felt.

I couldn't do this. I couldn't sit here and eat in silence, face to face with this problem I couldn't solve. I couldn't stand the stories my mind weaved with every passing minute, every ending more sad and hurtful than the last. I couldn't bear having hurt him and not being able to do anything about it.

I put my napkin beside my plate and slid my chair back from the table.

"Where do you think you're going?" he snapped, cutting his eyes at me.

"I don't know yet," I said hoarsely. "I need some air, some--" My voice caught and my nostrils flared as tears pooled in my eyes. "I hurt you."

He looked away before the 'you' even fell from my lips, clearly trying to illustrate how false the statement was. How he was indifferent, despite evidence to the contrary.

He was trying to hurt me now, and I'd be a liar if I said it wasn't working. My lungs felt like they were clenched as tightly as the fists at my side. Every part of me felt heavy as I turned toward the door, just trying to keep it together until I got in the elevator.

"Don't go."

My gaze shot to my elbow. I was tethered by his hand burning through the silk fabric, holding me in place. This time when I looked in his eyes, I didn't see what he wanted me to see--I saw what he didn't. I saw vulnerability and a need that made my heart go from gasping for its next breath to a wild, racing thing.

I was putty in his hands as he wheeled me back to face him. He gripped my chin, forcing it up until his intense gaze captured me. He was looking at me, looking through me, trying to find the truth. If I was sorry. If Cade meant nothing.

I felt dizzy and gangly, stripped down to mismatched parts and pieces. Actions spoke louder than words and my actions painted an ugly, contradictory picture. All I knew, all I cared to know, was that I loved Jacob.

He didn't relent, bringing me closer until I swore he gazed upon my very soul.

I couldn't hide. I didn't want to.

Heat gathered between my thighs and I couldn't help but arch into his embrace. I knew it was unfair to say the words with my mouth, but I had no choice but to say them with my body.

My hands drew up with a mind of their own, stretching up and down the front of his shirt, feeling the answering solid muscle beneath. My lips parted slightly as I replaced my fingertips with my chest. My solid, aching peaks strained against my bra, needing skin to skin. Flesh to flesh.

He let out a lustful groan as he brought both hands to the side of my face. "You don't know what you're asking. With everything going on and with you looking at me like that..." His fingertips fanned the warmth in my cheeks as he gripped me tighter. "I don't know if I can hold back, Leila."

I turned my head slightly and brought his thumb to my mouth. I slid my lips down the digit, and when I retreated, grazed it with my teeth. "I don't want you to hold back." The final word danced on my tongue. "Sir."

Something in his eyes changed and his lips spread into a hungry grin. My clothes melted away beneath his skillful fingers and I said to hell with protocol and tore open his shirt, buttons flying.

His eyes were a fusion of shock and desire. "You'll be punished for that."

I grinned up at him as I went to work on the fly of his trousers. "Good."

I wasn't sure who cleared the table, sending dishware shattering to the floor, and I didn't care. All I knew was the way my body clicked against the contours of his like we were made for each other. Beautiful tendrils of warmth curled and uncurled in my lower abdomen, fanning their fiery fingers outward until the blaze roared louder than training or rules.

I claimed his mouth, knowing he was about to admonish me, remind me, ground me; but I needed to listen to the orders of the ache. I kissed him like our lips would never meet again, thrusting my tongue into his mouth, forcing him to match my fevered rhythm or be left in the dust.

He gripped a fistful of my hair, tugging me closer with a moan. His body tightened beneath me, and he pulled me backward, breaking contact. I let out a groan of desperation, my lips inches away from his. I didn't want the lull to allow my head take the wheel. I just wanted him. I needed him.

It went from a recommendation to an order as tingles of pain raced across my scalp. His eyes washed over my face, taking in my wild lust with a chuckle.

"There's nothing sexier than a woman who knows what she wants, love." His smile dimmed. "But do not forget your place. I am in charge and I will decide how to use that beautiful body of yours."

"Then use me," I whined, my body hungry for more of him and less talking.

I swirled my h*ps and I could feel how swollen he was. His desire was fighting and raging against me, despite the measured tone of his voice or controlled way his thumb brushed my cheek.

"Let me taste you, Jacob." Urgency flooded me and I almost said to hell with it and just did the thing we both wanted.

His eyes narrowed over my face, desire turning the cerulean near black. "You won't be the only one tasting today."

The table barely creaked as I vaulted my body up and turned until I was trembling, eye-level with his beautiful swell. The first word that came to mind was majestic. It was a strange word to use to describe a c**k unless I was from the Regency era, but it just felt right. It was solid as a rock, veins pulsing as his manly musk surrounded me. All I wanted was to worship it. To worship him.

I ran my tongue over my top lip before I took him in my mouth. I hovered at the tip, honey, salty desire seeping from him. His thigh muscles pulled tight as a bow string, sharp hisses echoing over me as he sucked in breaths. Even without words I knew he was enjoying the way I teased his cock.

And then I felt his mouth on me.

He didn't tease or wait for my body cues. He gripped the globes of my bottom and drew me closer. He didn't care if it threw me off kilter or prevented me from taking care of him. He rewrote the rules of the position, but I gave no complaints.

He buried his mouth in my secret folds, his tongue on a mission as he went places and sparked sensations that drove me wild. He knew what he wanted and nothing would keep him from it. He was relentless and the maddening pressure built, expanding until there was only the throb. I could come as easily as drawing my next breath, but he hadn't said so.

"Please," I whispered, my voice rough. Unfamiliar. "I'm so close."

He pulled his mouth away but his fingers quickly took its place. He centered on my bundle of nerves, his tongue swirling, propelling me toward the edge. All he needed was to say the word. To release me.

The swirls became slow, methodical licks that made me groan and he sighed against my quivering flesh. "Take me, Leila. All of me."

He could have asked anything of me and I would have done it. I just didn't want him to stop.

I leaned forward and reclaimed him with my mouth and he returned to my warmth. I pushed myself, forced myself to take more of him, ignoring the pangs of discomfort at his massive manhood stretching me wider, pushing further. He matched my ante. Tongue swirling wilder. Fingers burrowing deeper.

I felt him tighten before he exploded with a cry of abandon and somewhere in the moans, the curses, he told me to let go.

I melted and I swore I was flying, soaring into the arms of bliss. I didn't want to come down, to sink back into my bones because in that shimmer, everything else faded to black. It was only our bodies doing the thing that felt so right. So perfect. It was only me and Jacob.

I climbed off him, playing hopscotch around fragments of porcelain. I turned back to him, feeling playful. Feeling like maybe, just maybe we'd be okay. When he refused to look me in the eyes, the smile dropped from my face.

"I'm gonna take a shower." He walked past, suddenly in a hurry.

I pushed away the whispered voice in my head that said he was consumed by regret. That he wanted to scrub off the feel of me. The taste.

I decided to prove it wrong, taking a step in his direction. Please prove it wrong. "If you want company--"

"I don't." He didn't even stop his ascent. "Please show yourself out."

****

Saturday morning came streaming through the musty Super 5 Motel curtains despite my best efforts to keep it at bay. I blinked my heavy eyes, gunk and lack of exhaustion turning something effortless into hard labor. Once I pried them open, I realized that I'd really been better off in the dark.

The room was the very definition of sketchy. Cracked walls were unintentionally two toned where someone half-assedly tried to touch the paint up but ended up making it look worse than before. Every piece of furniture in the room had seen better days. The bedside table beside me had an inch thick layer of dust and the rinky dink lamp perched on it had cobwebs hanging from the yellowed shade like delicate, disgusting earrings. The tiny AC unit sounded like it was on its last leg, circulating sour gusts of air that added to the musty, toxic odor that flooded my nostrils. My first thought was too pull the cover over my head so I wouldn't have to look at my last minute digs, but as soon as I saw the comforter was speckled with god knows what, I changed my mind.

It was more than my accommodations that bothered me. Before Jacob, family trips were spent in motels just like this one, sucking it up and enduring because spending lots of money on a room wasn't an option if we wanted an actual vacation. The thing that made me sick to my stomach was the fact that it was a new day, sun beaming, highway buzzing outside the window and all--and my romantic situation was even more pathetic than when I went to sleep.

I'd text and called Jacob and absurd amount of times since he kicked me out of his place, swearing I wouldn't go to sleep until we talked this through. Instead, my inbox was filled with one-sided, borderline psychotic texts. My 'or else' ultimatum didn't inspire him to finally talk to me and I woke up with my phone in hand, cheek drenched in drool.

A double tap echoed at the door and I kicked off the covers, glad for the excuse to get out of bed, even though I put the 'Do Not Disturb' tag on the knob.

I flung open the door and my jaw dropped. "Megan?"

She looked just as shocked as I was, her bright green eyes taking me in. "Oh my."

Megan Scott was the kind of person who would go toe to toe for those she cared about. It made her a hell of a teacher and the best friend anyone could ask for.

Her strawberry blond hair was held back with a pair of oversized glasses and I could tell from the dark, puffy semicircles beneath her eyes that she hadn't gotten any sleep. I didn't think it was possible, but I officially sunk lower. Apparently after I got tired of drunk texting Jacob, she was next on the list.

I picked at my dingy, crumpled blouse before I stepped aside so she could come in. "I'm so sorry, Meg." For some bizarre reason I started scooping up trash. "If I knew you were coming--"

"You would have disposed of the evidence?" She held up an empty Bartles and Jaymes carrier. "Even if you didn't text me at one in the morning, I was planning on camping out in front of Whitmore and Creighton until you finally talked to me."

My parents weren't the only people I texted from the car on the way to Italy. My mother's response was a mixture of shock and glee when I told her I was leaving the country with Jacob. Megan's was more along the lines of, 'WTF?!'

I'd been planning on meeting her for coffee once things quieted down. Apparently a wine cooler or six gave me the guts to reach out to her and explain the whirlwind my life had become.

She walked to a rusty chair beside the dresser then thought better of it, standing awkwardly beside the bed. "I'm glad you're back stateside. With a famous boyfriend apparently."

I raked a hand through my hair, pushing my wild, curly locks from my eyes. "Not so sure about the boyfriend thing." I glanced in her direction, expecting to see annoyance at the fact that he was my boyfriend at all and she was the last to know. Instead, her patrician features were soft and empathetic. That sent my shame-o-meter into overdrive. I had no right to have friends like Megan or a boyfriend like Jacob.

I dropped my body onto the mattress. "I screwed up."

She hesitated, clearly wanting to avoid contact with anything in the room. She drew a breath, steeling herself and surprised us both by sinking onto the bed beside me. She folded her hands in her lap. Ready to listen--if I was ready to talk.

I still wasn't sure I was. With my thumb and index finger pinching the bridge of my nose, I tried to hold back the tears that lay waiting, threatening to rush past my defenses. I knew if I laid out all the dumb choices I made in the past twenty-four hours, there'd be no stopping them. Once I started crying, I'd be no good to anyone.

So I decided to go further back.

"I barely had time to catch my breath before I was whisked to the airport." I paused, letting the subject change sink in. If she tried to steer us back on the road to why I was in a budget motel surrounded by Doritos and booze, I'd reluctantly veer back on course. I owed it to her because she was here on Saturday morning, there for me even when I was so wrapped up in Jacob that I kept her updated via scarce texts.

But she didn't push. "You flew without having hours to psych yourself up?" She shuddered.

My mouth twitched, remembering our first (and probably last) flight together when she unwisely let me hold her hand whenever the plane hit turbulence. She'd compared the pain to having your hand run over by a car and my shrieks to a woman in labor.

"I know. But it was nothing like flying commercially. It was like a really big, comfortable car. Or a flying hotel." And awesome metaphors like that were why I was NOT in marketing.

Still, she nodded like she could somehow picture it as I talked about the plush chairs that molded to the contours of your body and the sleeping chamber, leaving out the almost R rated activities Jacob and I engaged in.

I talked about falling in love with Venice. I even told her about Rachel Laraby and her mission to make my life miserable until I flat out told her that Jacob just wasn't that into her.

She made a face. "You know, I never liked her. Even when she played a jilted bride or a survivor type, she just had this bad news vibe about her." She gave me a grin of solidarity. "'America's Sweetheart', my ass."

I matched the grin, not fighting the better mood that was quickly taking the place of the rotten one I'd woke up in. That was the thing about Megan. It was impossible to stay blue when you were around her.

"You know what's funny?" I continued. "I almost forgot about the rest of the world--until we went to the city and there were photographers everywhere, shouting questions, cameras flashing. It was a literal circus. I was so ready to be back, stupidly thinking that maybe things would be closer to normal in the states," I picked at a stain on my skirt. "But my mother made sure that the paparazzi knew where I lived."

Her emerald colored eyes glittered with surprise. "She didn't."

"She did," I sighed. "And it's been one thing after the other since then." And we were back to the latest catastrophe. "Including Cade Wallace."

"I remember good ole' Cade." She stretched her arms as wide as they could go. "Huge, life sized posters of this 'roided up guy in your dorm room."

"He's not 'roided up--" I stopped myself. Why was I defending him?

Megan looked at me sideways. "You and he didn't..." She raised her eyebrows suggestively.

"No!" I exclaimed, my cheeks reddening. "I'm with Jacob! Or I was until I forgot to tell him I was meeting Cade for coffee." I dropped my volume for the kicker. "And there was a photographer, snapping all kinds of pictures that made things look all kinds of bad."

"By 'forgot' do you mean 'conveniently forgot to mention'?" she smirked, proving she knew me, probably better than anyone.

"Well I didn't lie if that's what you mean."

"A lie by omission is still a lie," she said, shaking her head at the fact that such things needed to be said.

"It was just as friends," I offered weakly.

She gestured around the room pointedly. "You're not in some skeevy motel because you forgot to tell your boyfriend about meeting a friend for coffee." She laid it out, not leaving one sad excuse untouched. "And as hardcore as your mom is, this isn't about not wanting to face her. You don't want to risk shots of going back to your humble beginnings with your tail between your legs."

I opened my mouth to tell her it wasn't true, but saving face was pointless. I was humbled, brought low, and there was no reason to pretend otherwise.

"I thought you were making mega money as his assistant," she said quietly. "Enough that you could at least stay somewhere decent for a few days."

I dropped my gaze to the floor. "I shouldn't overspend."

"In case of what?" She held up a hand as it came to her. "Hold on a second. You think he's going to fire you over this?" She didn't wait for my reply. "You said you were in love with him, Leila. That he was in love with you. If that's true, there's no way he would fire you."

"Even if I deserve it?"

"To be fired or to lose Jacob?"

And there it was. The real reason I'd text him an unholy amount of times and got crazier by the minute. The thought of losing Jacob was enough to burst past my defenses and send tears streaming down my face.

Before I met him, I thought I was living. Happy. And I suppose I was. But when he said those three words, it was like unlocking hidden and unknown parts of me. Losing that and losing him was like my heart was being carved out of my chest. I'd give back the job, the check with entirely too many zeroes, the clothes and I'd never wanted the fame at all. I just wanted the man.

I just wanted Jacob.

"I'm sure he just needs some time, Lay."

"He's Jacob freaking Whitmore," I spat. "A guy like that falling for me in the first place was so out of the realm of possibility. And then I went and ruined it."

"And you're Leila freaking Montgomery," she said firmly. "You're no consolation prize."

I bit my lip, swiping away a tear. "Yeah?"

"Yeah," she confirmed, moving from the office chair and squeezing onto the mattress beside me. "Any guy, Jacob Whitmore included, would be lucky to have you."

'But after what I did--"

"You're human and you made a mistake," she interrupted. "You didn't kiss him or anything, right?"

I shook my head, though the angle of the pictures could tell another story. "But Jacob has been hurt in the past, trusting people is really hard from him and I want him to know he can count on me."

"How many texts did you send him?"

"Just a couple." Liar. "Like...maybe fifteen or twenty." Ish.

Megan whistled. "And I'm sure somewhere in there you told him how sorry you were?"

"Among other things." Like how unfair he was being by not answering me then apologizing for calling him unfair. Demanding he text me back, then apologizing again. Definitely not my finest hour.

"Just give him a day or two," she suggested. "Your crazy texts aren't helping him and they obviously aren't helping you either."

"So I should just wait."

"Mmhm."

"Camp out here and give him space?"

"Not here," she said quickly. She shot up, suddenly remembering she had actual contact with something in the room. "I feel like I need a tetanus shot and a round of antibiotics just because I've been breathing the air."

She wouldn't get any argument from me. Still, I wasn't excited about facing my mother. "So just bite the bullet and go home."

"You're forgetting Option C." She pointed her thumb at herself.

"Stay with you?" My eyes widened.

I'd been to Megan's studio dozens of times and still managed to be amazed at what she could do with five hundred square feet.

"The couch is relatively comfortable," she answered brightly. "And it's yours as long as you need it."

I didn't know what to say. Remorse sullied the happiness as I looked at her and didn't see a trace of resentment or pause at my abrupt departure and lack of contact. "I'm sorry that I didn't call you while I was out of the country."

"Water under the bridge," she replied, putting it to rest. "I know you were otherwise occupied. And in Italy." She twisted her mouth into a smirk. "Seriously, if you would have been glued to the phone while you were in Italy, I would have had to fly in and smack you for being crazy."

"But we're best friends," I said, not letting myself off the hook. "Sisters before Misters."

Megan let out a snort/laugh combo and when it became full on laughter, I tried and failed to not laugh myself.

"I can't believe you said that with a straight face," she snickered, swiping the tears from her eyes.

'Sisters before Misters' had become our motto in college. Our duo used to be more like a fivesome and then one by one, a friend would get a boyfriend and fall off the face of the earth.

One Saturday night we were sitting outside the movie theater, cancellation texts coming in one after the other until we were the last two standing. Megan had been the one to say it back then, somber expression and all. Since then, it had just been the two of us, being each other's rock as we struggled to find jobs after graduating, confiding in each other. Showing up no matter what.

"You hungry?" she asked.

My stomach answered with a hungry growl. "Apparently."

I followed her out the door, waiting until her back was turned to power on my cell, hoping that maybe there'd be something in my inbox from Jacob. I saw the envelope highlighted and my heart lurched to my throat only to plummet back down when I saw it wasn't from Jacob.

"Mrs. Joy?" I said aloud, reading the name of one of the lead publicists on staff. Why would she be texting me?

Megan stopped beside her Camry, concern narrowing her gaze.

My throat constricted, but I steadied my voice. "Just a work thing." I plastered on a smile. "Is it okay if I just meet you at your apartment in a few hours?"

She tried to tempt me with pecan waffles before admitting defeat. I slid behind the wheel of my car, putting the phone on speaker and starting the engine.

"Mrs. Joy? I'm on way to the office now. I'd love your help dealing with the photographer."

****

I looked like a hot mess, even after I combed my curls into a bun and put on a little bit of gloss and mascara. I buttoned up my blazer to hide the red stain of B+J on my blouse, but there was no masking the wrinkle of my clothing.

When Jacob told me about the private entrance at Whitmore and Creighton, I'd always scoffed. Since I was currently rocking I Obviously Wore This Yesterday chic, it was just what the doctor ordered. I slipped in virtually undetected and took the elevator to the PR floor.

There were only a couple of people in the cubicles, in their zone and paying no attention to me. I scanned the floor, pausing when I saw light filtering from the corner office. I walked briskly in that direction, my stomach still complaining about passing on breakfast.

Mrs. Joy sat behind her desk, chomping on what smelled like the most delicious flatbread pizza ever. She had a cell cradled on her shoulder and dark eyes locked on the screen of the computer until they flitted to the doorway where I stood. She beckoned me to come in, flashing me a smile as warm as her surroundings.

Where Jacob's office and penthouse were all style with cool lines and sleek furnishings, hers was warm and homey. She had her blinds removed and replaced with sheer curtains that let the sunshine in, breathing life into the plants perched on stands. There was an off white armchair that seemed perfect for curling up in. Her desk had an antique finish punctuated by photos of smiling faces and exotic locations. I sat down in a cozy high back chair, realizing I'd been wrong about her, thinking she was as cold as Natasha and Missy since she'd barely said two words to me since I'd been back.

She finished the rest of her conversation, her French impressive, especially since the extent of my vocabulary was 'bon jour' and 'au revoir'.

She rose from her chair, extending her hand. "Thanks so much for coming in. Is it okay if I call you Leila?"

I was taken aback, surprised because everyone else just called me that by default. Even as Jacob's assistant, my place was still relatively low on the totem pole.

I shook her hand heartily. "Leila's just fine."

"And you can call me Claudia," she said with a kind smile. "It's nice to see you before an incident and not after."

I thought back to Rachel's phony suicide attempt and Mrs. Joy's frantic, worried gaze. She was still way more together than I would have been facing Jacob when he was angry. And even though our circumstances were less than ideal, I'd seen enough episodes of PR to know that when shit hit the fan, you wanted Claudia Joy in your corner.

"Can I get you anything?" she asked. "Something to eat or drink?"

I had to force myself to not blurt out 'YES!' but she gave me a half smirk and offered me a slice and passed me a bottle of water. I scarfed it down before I had time to be embarrassed.

"Jacob called me early this morning."

From the way she said early, I wondered if he called her after I finally succumbed to sleep at 3am. "Sorry."

"Oh you don't have to apologize," she wiped the slate clean with a flick of her wrist. "We don't really work in a vacuum. We're needed when we're needed." She leaned back in her chair. "He didn't seem to know much more besides the photographer snapped a picture of you kissing Cade Wallace."

I nearly choked on water. "I did not kiss him."

Claudia gave me a long, sympathetic look before answering. "That's all well and good, but this job is all about appearances. Even if it looked like something inappropriate was going on then that's all that matters."

She slid a sheet of paper across the desk with names and addresses printed in red ink. "From his description of the photographer, I connected with my resources and have narrowed it down to three possibilities. There's a slim chance he's freelance, but I doubt it. There's nothing on the wire yet, so he's probably just sitting on the pictures until the price is right."

I looked down at the sheet, nodding slowly as I read the names. James Kent with RandI Pics, Luis Salazar with Perfect Shot and Mike Warsaw with JNS. I gave her my full attention, waiting for further instructions, but she just watched me like it was my turn at the mic.

"So what's next?" I asked. "We make contact and figure out an arrangement?"

"'We'?" She looked at me strangely then closed her eyes and let out an 'oh' of realization. "I just assumed he would have explained this."

My cheeks heated. He hasn't really done much explaining. Or talking. "I haven't, uh, touched base with him this morning."

"I see." She cleared her throat nervously. "Mr. Whitmore didn't even want me to narrow down the names, but I told him unless you have experience it would be like finding a needle in a hay stack. He put his foot down as far as me making any contact on your behalf."

"What?" I said, completely lost.

"There is no 'we', Leila," she elaborated. "You can use the expense account if you need to purchase the photo and rights, but you will be the one face to face, brokering any deal."

I blinked, not sure I heard right. "Me? But...why would they even talk to me? How could I make them talk to me?"

"You handled the situation in Venice like a pro," Claudia answered. "Just make them an offer they can't refuse." She smiled right through my leery gaze. "You can do this, Leila. I know you can."

She said it so simply that I rose up and took the paper with a confidence I didn't feel, strutting out of her office like I was the one with my name over the door. It wasn't until I was pulling into downtown traffic, steering toward JNS, that it hit me.

I was scared shitless.

No amount of psyching myself up helped dull the fact that I was about to face the very people that I painstakingly avoided. Photographers. Paparazzi. Locusts whose sole goal was to snap and devour anything that could make them a quick buck.

A shot of an overly thin starlet stuffing a greasy slice of pizza in her mouth. A suave leading man in his Sunday worst, looking nothing like the drool worthy eye candy women flocked to the cinema to see. The seasoned actor and family man snuggled up to someone that was definitely not his wife. Or a fish out of water girl who had the attention of two celebrity suitors, cementing her place on the shit list of females all over.

I pulled into a parking space at the grungy looking building on Eighteenth Street. It was the kind of building that gave off a bad vibe, the aged concrete and steel more of a prison than a place of business.

There were no pictures hung with care or guard watching the comings and goings. There was no one to get rid of the homeless guy that followed me inside, like harassment would empty my pockets.

An older woman with gray hair and a no-nonsense stature stopped shuffling through her mail a few feet away, peering at us over the rim of her glasses.

"Jimmy, I think the young lady told you no," she growled.

He gave her a gummy smile, flipping his personality like Jekyll and Hyde. "I didn't mean no harm, Jules."

"Uh huh," She crooked her thumb at the door. "Get outta here before I whip out my taser."

The man practically kowtowed, throwing me one last look of disgust before hustling out the exit.

"Thank you so much," I told her, relaxing with a sigh.

"No prob," she said nonchalantly. "You gotta be firm, honey. Otherwise people can smell the fear on ya."

I wasn't sure what to say to that so I just gave her a nervous chuckle and glanced down at my paper. Sweat blurred the suite number so I scanned the lobby for a directory. I found what was left of one and JNS wasn't even listed.

"Whatcha looking for?" she piped behind me.

"JNS?"

She folded the papers under her arm. "Well ain't that a coincidence? I'm the J in that acronym." She gave me the once over before settling on my face. "Julie Kaplan." Before I could even say my name, she cut right to the chase. "What firm you work for?"

I swallowed. "Whitmore and Creighton."

She let out an impressed whistle and started down a narrow hallway, moving with a surprising speed for her girth. She was practically to the elevator before she turned around and looked back at me like I was a kid doing something ridiculous like eating glue.

"Whatcha waiting for? I know you didn't drive all the way here to get felt up by our honorary doorman." She pulled up the elevator gate and made a grand flourish. "After you."

We slid into the old elevator and it crept upward at a snail's pace. I gave my skirt a futile smoothing, shifting my weight from foot to foot.

"So what picture is Jacob trying to get rid of?"

I froze. I wasn't sure where Jacob and I stood or what I was going to say to the photographer, but I was pretty sure that he didn't want his name to be anywhere near this situation.

"I, um--" I looked at the floor indicator, willing the elevator to move faster so I could get off the hook. I glanced down at the paper, a name jumping out at me. "Mike Warsaw. I wanted to see if he took a picture of a...client."

"Warsaw's out of the office today, but if it's juicy enough for you to come down here, I'm sure I could help you. Who's the picture of?"

"An actor and a-" I cleared my throat and decided to be vague as possible. "Local girl."

She scratched her chin, forehead winkled as she thought it over. She snapped her fingers, just as the elevator shuddered to a stop on our floor.

"The action guy, right? Cade Wallace?"

I nodded, my whole body tensing.

She stepped out of the elevator. "That picture sold this morning." She frowned. "I still don't understand why you're here though."

I swallowed the knot in my throat. I was so close. "I was hoping we could settle it before you sold it to a magazine."

"We didn't sell it to a magazine," she said, crossing her arms. "We sold it to Cade Wallace."

****

I dove head first into work. I fleshed out client dockets, updated calendars and delivered all messages to their appropriate recipients, trying to keep it together. Jacob still hadn't talked to me in two days. And then there was the whole Cade thing. Why would he buy the picture? What did he have to gain?

I turned my attention back to the task list on my screen, forcing Cade from my mind. Naturally, the next thing on the list was contacting Lisa Jones, Cade's personal assistant.

I begrudgingly clicked open a new tab, searching for Lisa's contact number.

I put the phone on speaker and dialed the number. I was being silly. It wasn't like I had to deal with Cade. The third ring ended abruptly and a voice much too deep to be Lisa's flowed through the speakers.

"Lisa Jones' phone."

My throat tightened and my eyes nearly bulged from my head.

"Helloooo?" Cade held the o, trailing off suggestively. Taunting me.

I needed to say something because calling right back would be infinitely more awkward than the first time around, "Hi."

My voice was tiny, a hoarse, pathetic whisper. I coughed and gave myself a swift kick in the ass before I said it again. With feeling. And not like I was still that girl gazing at the contours of her favorite actor's body. "Hello, this is--"

"Leila," I heard him rearranging, giving me his full attention. "What's up?"

I closed my eyes, gathering my wits about me. "Mr. Wallace--"

"Cade."

"Mr. Wallace," I said pointedly, ignoring him. "I was trying to reach your assistant. Is the number on her card was incorrect?"

"Nope," he said smoothly. "She's right here." He let out a chuckle. "Giving me the evil eye for answering her phone. When I saw Whitmore and Creighton flashing, I thought it might be you and--"

"Could I please speak with Ms. Jones?"

"Well I can tell you she likes that Mr./Mrs. stuff even less than me." After he realized his chuckles weren't contagious, he got serious. "What's up? I know you called for Lisa, but I'm the next best thing."

My first thought was to stand my ground and refuse to carry on a conversation with him, but I realized that the quicker I just spit it out, the quicker I could disconnect. Ask him about the pictures!

"I'm just confirming the schedule for tomorrow night," I said, ignoring the stifling curiosity. Inquiring minds did NOT need to know. The pictures weren't on TMZ and that's all that mattered. "I wanted to advise you about--"

"I took care of the picture."

I gulped, not sure what to say. Not sure what he expected from me.

"Hello?" he snapped. "Still there?"

"Y-Yes," I turned my chair to the corner and dropped my volume. "What do you want me to say?"

"Thank you, maybe?" he bit off. "I did it for you."

I fingered the phone cord, hating how his last sentence made me feel. I couldn't go there. I wouldn't.

"To be honest," he continued, not letting me clear the air, "I figured the guy would fare better with me. Whitmore would have probably threatened the poor guy for just taking a couple of harmless pictures. Busted kneecaps, horse's head, financial ruin or something like that. He seems like a fairly creative guy."

"Are you being serious right now?" I found zero amusement in his shootout to The Godfather or transparent efforts to take Jacob down a peg. "You don't even know him. And not that it's any of your business, but I was going to talk to the photographer. I was going to take care of it." The line went silent but I knew we were still connected. "I didn't ask for your help. I don't need your help."

He finally found his tongue. "Is that right?"

"That's right."

"And how were you planning on taking care of it? Wielding the mighty Whitmore and Creighton bank account? Or maybe you were going to wear something deliciously low cut?"

I tightened my grip on my phone, trying desperately to choose my words wisely. First, he insulted Jacob and apparently I was next in line. The guy I'd gotten to know was playful, but this wasn't fun and games. He was being downright mean.

"If there's nothing else," I said icily. "I have other things to take care of and I'm sure you're a busy guy."

"Would it really have been so horrible?"

I slackened my grip, expecting something sarcastic, but the change in his voice caught me by surprise. "What?"

"If we had kissed."

"Yes," I didn't miss a beat, even though my heart was pounding. "It would have been horrible. I have a boyfriend, Ca--Mr. Wallace. I shouldn't have met you for coffee in the first place."

"Then why did you?"

"Because..." I faltered, unarmed and unprepared to answer his valid question. It was one I'd asked myself. One Jacob asked with his glare when I came clean. And I had an answer. "Because I'm a fan of your work."

"Bullshit," he scoffed. "You can tell your billionaire playmate that lie, but I was inches from you. Close enough that I could really see, Leila."

My nostrils flared angrily. I just wanted to hang up the phone, to throw it across the room, but I didn't. I listened to him poke holes in my logical explanation, peeling back the layers until he got to the chilling truth beneath.

"You like me, Leila."

"As a client," I hissed stubbornly. "I'm not interested in anything more than that."

If memory serves, Lay had quite the crush on him.

I pushed away my mother's voice. Pushed away the past. Had a crush. Past tense.

I expected Cade to push the issue, bringing up some other twitch or a lingering smile that he could use to support his argument, but the line was quiet again.

"Hello?" I said gingerly, licking my lips. "Cade?"

"Miss Montgomery?" The voice was lighter, the soft timbre distinctly female.

He'd given the phone back to Lisa.

"I'm sorry about all of that. Cade is just in one of his moods." She let out a nervous giggle that felt like nails raking down a chalkboard. She and I both knew this was more than a sour mood.

I quickly ran through the itinerary and a list of contacts just in case they needed any assistance outside of the staff provided by the studio then hung up. Ending the call didn't bring me an ounce of relief. I'd been doing so well all morning, efficient and earning my keep, but I was undone by his jab. A low cut V-neck top? Really?

I could understand that a guy like Cade Wallace didn't take rejection well. 'No' just wasn't a word that a walking, talking Adonis heard very often. But I thought he was different--that even though he had the looks, the fame, he wasn't just a jock with a Hollywood star.

Two knocks sounded at the door and I drew a steadying breath before swiveling back to the front, expecting to see Natasha holding even more papers for me to file, but instead, it was Jacob standing in the doorway.

God, that man could wear a two piece suit. Every Armani clad inch of him screamed style and power. His dark hair was shorter than the last time we were together, tapered and cut to bring out the sharp attractive lines of his face. His bright, blue eyes flickered over my face, drinking in my surprise.

"Expecting someone else?"

I was flustered, pulling down my pencil skirt as I popped up. "I definitely wasn't expecting you."

His gaze deepened and I could have sworn we were transported in time, to a period with sprawling castles, trumpets and great iron thrones. He commanded me with one single look and I found myself stripped and exposed, wanting nothing more than to drop to my knees at his feet.

I kept my distance, still not 100% sure that I could handle being close to him and keeping my hands to myself. "I called you a couple of times."

One dark eyebrow vaulted. "A couple?"

"Fine, I'm crazy. Is that what you want me to say? I'm wrong? I'm completely out of my mind?"

"Completely out of your mind works for me." He moved toward me with predatory-like grace. Close enough that I could reach out and touch him, but far enough away that I ached for him. He freed my bangs from behind my ear, spilling dark curls into my eyes before sweeping it back with his fingertips. His touch was like a kiss and I closed my eyes, savoring it. "I want you to say you're completely out of your mind without me."

There was longing in his words and I searched his face, not believing that I had that effect. Not when he didn't even mind not speaking to me for two days.

His light caresses sent a ripple of desire through me. I needed him to tell me all was forgiven, that I would never feel that throbbing loneliness again. But I would say what he wanted, even though I thought a million texts and voicemails said it pretty plainly.

"I'm completely out of my mind without you," I murmured.

I'd imagined what our kiss after the argument would play out. I expected some healthy manhandling as he crushed my body into his, reminding me who was in charge. Who had the power.

It would have been a good thing that my desk was clear, the space just the right dimensions for my body as his hurt, his frustration, melted away along with our clothes. He'd have his way and in his arms, I'd have the thing I prayed for when I fell into a restless sleep. I'd have Jacob and everything would be as it was supposed to be.

But when he brought me in, his hesitant touch didn't deepen as our lips met. The kiss had no time to grow into something more because when I brought my hands to his waist, he yanked away from me like I shot him with a volt of electricity.

He brushed his fingers across his lips, like he was wiping away my taste. "I'll let you get back to work."

"What?" He couldn't be leaving. Not after that lackluster kiss. But I couldn't deny what I saw with my own two eyes-and he was practically out the door. "Jacob!"

He stopped, turning slightly. Giving me a spark of hope before he snuffed it out.

"I can't do this, Leila."

I couldn't breathe. He'd just yanked all the air from my lungs. "Do what?" My gut tightened. "Us?"

I knew I should have let him go, but space was obviously not helping anything. The kiss we'd shared was barely G-rated. It wasn't one you shared with someone you loved, someone you wanted with every fiber of your being. It was the kiss of death--or the walking dead. It was the half-hearted obligatory kiss of a couple too lazy or afraid to admit things were over.

Were we over?

I wasn't sure how that question was impossible to say out loud, but the next flowed from my lips with my next haggard breath. "Do you still love me, Jacob?"

He spun back to me, his face a storm of emotions. There was a key one that made my chest tighten.

Fury.

"Did you really just ask me if I loved you?"

I reached out, ignoring my racing heartbeat. Ignoring the fear that I'd just stepped on a land mine. "If we could just--"

"Don't touch me," he snarled, looking at my outstretched hand like it was the most appalling thing he'd ever seen. "Do I love you? Do I love you? You have that wrong--do you love me, Leila?"

I took a step back as I felt the hurt funneling from him. "Of course I love you!"

"Ah I see." His voice was calm, the volume lowered, but I saw his corded neck and the way his body trembled with suppressed rage. "So this whole Cade situation...you told me after the fact because you were trying to protect me. Like you 'protected' me in Venice?"

I took a step backward. He was pulling out Rachel Laraby? That was low. "I apologized for that, Jacob. And I tried to apologize for not telling you about Cade."

"You don't get it," he spat. "You don't understand what it meant for me to let you in." He took a few steps from me, looking at me like I was a stranger. "I thought we were...I was going to..." He threw up his hands.

I was sinking fast, grasping for anything to keep me from drowning. "Of course I get it. But you have to understand that--"

"I don't want to hear it," he interjected angrily. "Everything is on your terms, Leila. I'm not included. I'm a child that needs to be eased into things, only told what you think I can handle. It's bullshit and I'm be damned if I let you--" His voice cracked, chest heaving his eyes flashing with a pain that broke me.

What had I done?

He turned on his heels, leaving the room without another word. I hated myself for hurting him.

I hated myself for letting him go.

****

Rudy's Diner had a reputation for being bad news for anyone remotely concerned about their health. Their grilled cheese came on a glistening bed of butter and grease. Their bacon was hearty, not shriveling to nothing when fried. They had friend twinkies on their menu, for crissakes. Luckily, I was in the kind of mood where a burger the size of my head and a milkshake with a gazillion calories sounded like a great idea.

Megan wasn't so enthused. "Well, that's a first. They don't have a salad anywhere on this thing."

"I think jalapeno poppers are under 'sides' on the back," I offered.

"Jalapeno poppers?" Even though I had my eyes on the menu, I knew hers were narrowed in disgust. "I guess I'll just grab something on the way home."

A waitress saddled up to our table. She couldn't have been older than sixteen, even though her heavy handed makeup made her look about thirty. Her hair was dishwater blond and she was smacking on her gum like it was the best thing she'd ever tasted.

"Y'all decided?" she purred.

I glanced at Megan as she gingerly pushed the menu to the edge of the table like any full on contact would infect her. "Just a coffee for me."

The waitress turned in my direction. "And you?"

"I want the Big Rudy burger, as close to rare as possible, large fries, and I want to substitute a cookies and cream milkshake for my drink." I handed her my menu and added, "With whipped cream. Lots of whipped cream."

Her dingy brown eyes softened. "One of those kinda days, huh?"

I just glared at her.

She shrugged a shoulder and hustled off, barking out our order.

"You know rare here probably means just killed out back, right?" Megan said, looking at me like I was insane. "I didn't even check their sanitation grade. I'll probably get salmonella from my mug alone."

"If you're going to complain all night, I can just take a cab home." When I saw the hurt flicker across her face, I rolled my eyes and dropped my head to the table. Another person I'd done wrong. I was on a freaking roll. "I shouldn't have invited you."

"Agreed." Even muffled, her voice was taut with anger. "I'm not going to be your punching bag, Leila."

I let out a sigh, peeking at her over the wall of my arms. "Sorry."

"Uh huh," she said with an eye roll of her own. The waitress dropped off her coffee and I could tell she was saying a prayer as she brought the rim to her lips and took a sip. She winced like she just threw back a shot.

I sat back up, the sides of my mouth twitching. "Better than Starbucks?"

"I'm gonna sprout hair on my chest any second now," she joked, cradling the mug between her hands.

"Chest hair is the new black according to my sources," I remarked, giving into the smile. "And you know I have my finger on the pulse of all things hip and cool."

She pretended she was scouring the room for our waitress. "I better get a refill then." She reached for the sugar and sprinkled some in the cup, stirring it in pensively. "You ready to talk about what happened?"

I pushed my back against the tattered booth, the cut of the jagged fabric preferable to poking at the fresh wound. "It's complicated."

"You are dating one of the sexiest, most successful businessmen in the States and apparently, Captain Freaking Gorgeous is throwing his hat in the ring. Complicated is a bit of an understatement, don't you think?"

She had a point. I'd passed complicated as soon as I signed on the dotted line and became Jacob's assistant and submissive.

There really weren't any words for my current situation. Somehow, my real life fairytale took a detour and became a nightmare. Somewhere along the way, I became the villain who kept hurting the person I cared about most. It was hard enough admitting that to myself, but saying it out loud? That was unbearable.

But Megan didn't back down. "I'm guessing you finally talked to Jacob, face to face."

I gave her an inch. "Yes."

"And it didn't go well."

"Now that's an understatement." I dodged the daggers she flung in my direction. "Yes, we finally talked." I crossed my arms, remembering the sheer joy at even seeing his face. "He made a joke and then we kissed."

"You kissed?" she said excitedly. "You kissed, that's--" She paused, green eyes reading my pinched expression. "--not great?"

"Not great," I confirmed, looking at the kitchen. Where was my food? I needed grease, chocolate, and fat if I was really going to talk about this. "He barely kissed me and when I tried to touch him..." The hurt sliced as deep as before, right to the bone. I couldn't finish.

"Oh," Megan said softly. Her shoulders slumped. "I'm so sorry."

"Oh that's not the worse part," I said with a bitter chuckle. "The best is yet to come."

Suddenly she was looking like she wanted to turn back, not wanting to hear any more. "So today in class, one of my students--"

"I thought you wanted to find out why I'm about to devour three thousand calories in one fell swoop?"

Almost on cue, our waitress came up with my mega meal and milkshake on a tray, unloading all of it on my side of the table, then topping off Megan's coffee. I took a sip of my milkshake, swallowing the creamy mix as she shifted uncomfortably.

"You should only talk about it if you're ready to talk about it."

"Oh I'm ready," I said with a big, plastic smile. "Why wouldn't I want to tell you all about how I broke Jacob Whitmore's heart?"

"Leila--"

"Why wouldn't I want to rehash the single moment that's been playing on loop for hours? To relive the look of gut wrenching agony on his face? To talk about how after everything we've been through, how I fought so hard to get him to open up, he thinks that I did it all so I could just stab him in the chest?"

She snapped her mouth shut.

"He thinks I don't respect him. And why wouldn't he? This Cade crap is the second time I've kept the whole truth from him." My voice was getting louder and Megan glanced around nervously at the diners who shot their eyes in our direction. I didn't even notice them. "He thinks all of his love has been wasted on me. He thinks I don't love him." I yanked out the toothpick holding my burger together and picked it up, lettuce and onions raining back onto the plate as tears streamed down my face. I didn't taste anything but I just kept biting, stuffing the meat down my throat. I just wanted to feel something, anything other than this pain.

"He knows you love him."

I dropped the last soggy bit onto the graveyard of food and washed it down with half of the shake.

"Of course he does," I said sarcastically. "That's why he acted like touching me was revolting. That's why he wiped off his mouth like...like..." I looked at my plate and my stomach tumbled. "I think I'm going to be sick." But I didn't move. I couldn't move.

Megan's concern morphed into horror as she scooted out of the booth and gripped my arm, guiding me to the bathroom. It wasn't until she pushed me into the stall that my limbs worked again and I sunk to my knees and retched. My body expelled everything I'd forced down my throat in the past ten minutes. When I came up for air and saw that I was in the dirtiest stall on earth, knees glommed to the floor and dirty pads sticking out of crusty wastebasket a few inches from me, I dry heaved.

"You okay?" Megan asked outside the stall. I guess that was the one up side. She didn't just see me puke up chunks of Rudy's.

I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and rushed out of the gross cubicle like it was on fire. I flipped on the water at the sink and used my hand as a gourd, gurgling and spitting it out.

I gripped the sides of the sink, willing the nausea way. "I'm fine."

"No you're not," she said, calling my bluff.

I gave her a weak smile in the mirror. "No. I'm not."

She pulled off a couple of paper towels and reached around me to wet them. "C'mere." I turned to her and held still while she pressed the cool thing against my forehead. "Don't think about Jacob or Cade or any of that right now."

I cocked an eyebrow. "How the hell am I supposed to not think about it?"

"Well you can start by not giving me attitude," she said sternly, pulling the paper towel from my forehead and tossing it into the trash. "What good are you to anybody or anything if you have a nervous breakdown?"

She had a point, but I couldn't get Jacob's eyes out of my head. "I can't just not think about it."

"Well how about this: I'll go pay the bill then you and me are going to see some ridiculous movie. Nothing action-y," she added when my face soured, "And nothing sappy."

"That leaves kiddy movies or some depressing foreign film."

"I hear Wreck-It Ralph is amazing," she said with a sly grin.

"Wreck-It Ralph?" I repeated slowly, sure I misheard her.

She steered me out of the bathroom and back to our table, leafing through her wallet and dropping a twenty. Before I could go through the list of reasons why I had no interest in seeing an animated movie, we'd already climbed into her car and were pointed in the direction of the movie theater.

"I really just want to go home," I said dismally. And listen to some highly emo Pandora station as I cried into my pillow.

"You can fight it all you want, but you're wasting your breath." She hit a button and the car made the metallic clunk of locks engaging. "We're seeing it. Doctor's orders."

"Doctor's?" I said incredulously. "You moonlighting as a medical professional in between molding young minds?"

"I took a biology class once," she said with a wink. "And I dressed up as Meredith Grey last Halloween."

"Well there's no fighting that logic," I laughed.

Laughing. Me. Even though everything in my personal life had gone to shit.

I sat back in the seat, conceding. "Fine. Let's get this over with."

****

After uncontrollably sobbing during Wreck-It Ralph like it was a Nicholas Sparks movie then falling into a restless sleep on Megan's futon, I didn't think it was possible to wake up feeling worse than I did the night before.

I couldn't have been more wrong.

Every part of me ached. The very act of reaching for my cell to shut off my alarm felt like lifting free weights. And when I could no longer press snooze and make it to work on time, my attempt to stand just drove the throbbing agony to my head.

I felt like I'd been hit by a dump truck. Twice. I couldn't even keep a glass of water down. The only bright side was Megan was OCD when it came to housecleaning so getting up close and personal with her toilet didn't make the nausea worse. And then there was the fact that whatever stomach issue I had kept me from the office--and facing Jacob.

After a succinct conversation where Natasha managed to gleefully delight in my crappy state of health, we figured out a way for me to just work from home so I wouldn't get behind.

I flipped open my laptop, dragging my hands to the keyboard. I pulled up the Whitmore and Creighton portal, eyes narrowing as my stomach trembled. It had been about an hour since I'd attempted drinking something and I knew I needed to stay hydrated unless I wanted to add dehydration to the list.

I dropped my laptop back on the tumble of sheets beside me and sucked in a steadying breath before I stood up. I went rigid as a statue, exhaling after I maintained my balance for a full minute.

So far so good, I thought warily. Halfway there.

The kitchen was only a few feet from the futon (Thank God) but I still gripped the island, just in case it was adrenaline keeping me vertical. Megan had left out a couple of Gatorades right on the counter beside the stove and there was also a pack of saltines, but I was nowhere near brave enough for solids.

I cracked one open and brought it to my lips. I gingerly sipped it and paused in case my body rejected it, but nothing happened. I finished the rest and dropped the empty bottle into the recycle bin.

Feeling slightly more confident, I didn't inch my way back to the couch. Maybe this day wouldn't be pure hell. I stopped short, only a few feet from solid ground when I heard two solid thumps coming from the door.

Fear rippled through me. Who could it be? Megan had a key, and she was knee deep in elementary kids at this point. She didn't live in the safest of neighborhoods so of course my mind shot to the worst possible scenario, all of which ended with me being assaulted, robbed, and left in a bloody heap on the floor. That's what I get for all of those Law and Order: SVU marathons.

The knocks magnified and a deep, familiar voice accompanied them. "Leila?"

It had to be some fevered dream. I was conked out, imagining things. To prove it, I pinched my arm then hissed when the pain came through loud and clear. I took a tiny step toward the door, opening my mouth then snapping it shut.

"Leila, if you're in there--"

I rocketed to the door. Ever since he stormed out I wanted him to come back and here he was. I couldn't let him walk away again.

Jacob. Holding a crumpled bouquet of roses.

And looking as horrible as I felt.

His dark hair was a crumpled mess with the layered locks sticking out every which way. His usually strong jaw was hidden by shadow and untouched by a razor. His blue eyes were bloodshot and puffy from lack of sleep. His white, button down shirt had an ashen, dusty parlor and I realized with a gasp it was likely the shirt he was wearing the day before. But there was one earthquake status difference. His shirt was half tucked, half not into a pair of dark wash jeans.

Jeans.

Jacob Whitmore was wearing jeans.

I was definitely dreaming. Even on our most relaxed days in Venice, he still wore blazers with sleek cut trousers. Jacob was a walking, talking advertisement for sophistication. He just didn't do jeans.

I must have been gawking like I was watching a train wreck unfold before my very eyes because he gestured with the roses, bringing me back. "Planning on inviting me in?"

I blushed and stepped aside, letting him past. My eyes dropped to his rear and a flash of lust echoed through me. Despite the rest of his wrinkled exterior, he looked like sex on a stick in those jeans.

He stopped in the living room area, glancing around the place with silent disapproval. "This is where you're staying?"

"Yes," I said, feeling defensive. "You have a lot of--" My eyes widened when I realized there was something slightly more important than defending Meg's place. "How did you know where to find me?"

His cool gaze drunk me in. "Well I'm not stalking you if that's what you're asking."

"That's not what I asked," I fired back. "How did you find me?"

He ran a hand over his cropped hair. "I called your mother."

"My mother?" I winced. Great, just great. I could just imagine her perched on the edge of her seat, already prepping to call her contacts. I'd have a mess to clean up by lunch.

"She's worried about you," he continued, clearly picking up on my wariness. "She told me that she had no idea where you were, but your friend Megan might."

"So you just decided to show up at her house," I said, crossing my arms.

"I'm not sure if five hundred square feet can be called a 'house', Leila."

"I'm sorry you had to come to the slums," I said, dripping with sarcasm. "But I'm sure you didn't come all the way here to school me on real estate." I glared at him. "Should I bend over? Take my licks like a good girl?"

I saw the retort flash in his eyes before he remembered the bouquet he was holding. Or the roses that were left. Red petals made a trail from the door to where he stood, piling up at his feet.

"These are for you." He cleared his throat nervously. "I got them last night but..." His nostrils flared. "Anyway, here you go."

I took them, a smile tipping at my lips as I brought the fragrant flowers to my nose and breathed them in. "For me?"

He gave me a hesitant nod.

"Thank you," I said, staring at him, wanting to feel something other than the apprehension but only remembering our argument and the hurt. Swallowing, I pushed away the slight dizziness that hit me and walked to the counter, placing the roses beside the sink. I took another step and swayed, feeling the nausea taking over.

Nonononono! I thought frantically, knowing it was coming. Knowing there was no stopping it.

I dashed to the bathroom, surprisingly making it to the toilet. My body took over, pushing the Gatorade from my system.

When I stopped gagging, I sunk back into my bones and felt sick for a whole other reason. Did I remember to shut the door? The floor creaked and I squeezed my eyes closed so tight I saw stars.

Oh God.

He just saw it. He just saw it all.

He rushed into the bathroom, throwing the water on. I felt so weak that I could barely turn my head or open my mouth to tell him I was alright. I felt his fingers rake through my hair, sweeping the curls back and pressing a wet washcloth against my temple.

You're done, I commanded silently. You will not puke while Jacob Whitmore holds your hair back.

I fully expected my body to revolt. After all, it had been going rogue since that first wave of nausea hit last night. But somehow I kept it together, breathing in and out without feeling the vomit rise in my throat. Jacob was right there, stroking my back, his calm and zen washing over me.

Finally, I felt strong enough to stand to my feet. He took a few steps back and I closed the lid and flushed the toilet. I avoided his gaze in the mirror as I washed my hands. He offered me a towel and I pressed it to my lips. When I finally met his eyes, I saw white hot terror and an unspoken question.

"I'm not pregnant!" I blurted, squashing that assumption dead. We were mostly careful and I was on birth control. "I think Rudy's is the culprit. Delicious going down, not so much coming back up."

He visibly relaxed. "Food poisoning?"

"Yeah, I think so," I said with a sigh, then frowned. "You didn't talk to Natasha? I told her I thought I had a stomach thing."

Jacob's jaw twitched. "She didn't say anything when I called this morning."

Of course she didn't. I pushed away my frustration. I had bigger things to worry about--like my inability to keep fluids or solids down. And the fact that Jacob just had a front row seat to yuck.

I blushed every shade of red, trying to think of something to say. To do. "I'm sorry."

He gently tilted my chin upward, his face awash with concern. "You're apologizing for being sick?"

"But you just saw--"

"You don't feel well. You're human." He leaned in and pressed his lips against my forehead. "It doesn't make you any less attractive or make me love you any less." He pulled back. "You don't really think I'm that shallow, do you?"

I nibbled on my lip, shaking my head. "I think you're amazing."

The side of his mouth arched upward, creating a gorgeous half smile. "Amazing, huh?"

And just like that, I didn't feel as sick and wanted to do so many other things. Most of them would require him stripping off those jeans, which really was a shame. But I was pretty sure that Jacob and I would both be scarred for life if we kissed and I...I shuddered at the very thought.

"You okay?" he regarded me slowly, his eyes soft with tenderness.

"I'm fine," I nodded at the door behind me. "I think I'd feel better with a little distance between me and this room though."

He let me file out first then closed the door solidly behind us. I balled up the sheets on the couch and tossed them on the beanbag in the corner. Jacob's eyebrows arched in amusement before he walked over and sat down beside me.

"What?" I said, peering over at him. "Surprised that you're actually sitting on a real-life futon?"

"This isn't the first futon I've sat on or slept on," he said with a smirk. He took in my shock and elaborated. "When I was sixteen, I ran away from home. I was sick of my parents, of all the expectations that came with the Whitmore last name so I crashed on a friend's futon, a few blocks from the Village. I spent a month fancying myself an artist, living off Ramen and coffee until my mother came down and convinced me to return home."

It was hard to picture Jacob as an artist type, curled up on a futon with a coffee mug. Heck, as soon as he said 'ran away' I assumed he went to Europe or somewhere warm and tropical.

"Now you look surprised," he mused, stretching his arm out on the cushion behind me.

"I just assumed a super-rich kid's idea of running away would look a lot different than sleeper sofas and oodles of noodles."

He let out a grunt of acknowledgment and glanced away. I guess we were done talking about the past. That just left the present.

And our future.

"I want to talk about what you said yesterday," I said softly.

I half expected him to interrupt me halfway through, as soon as he got the gist of where the conversation was headed. Assert his dominance and remind me who was in charge; who had the right to be angry and hurt. But all he offered was, "Okay".

I chewed on my lip, picking at a hole in the futon cover. "You brought up what happened with Rachel." I breathed deep as the hurt returned. "Compared it to not telling you about Cade." My eyes shifted to him, holding still when I saw he was watching me intently. "It wasn't really a fair comparison."

He nodded slowly. "I agree. That was out of line. Instead of explaining how I felt, I defaulted to that." His voice tightened. "I said it because I knew it would hurt you."

I sat back, feeling a strange wave of relief. I guess I already knew that was his intent, but hearing him say it out loud meant I could let it go.

"I'm ready to talk about it now, if you're ready to listen."

I brought my leg up on the cushion, angling my body toward him. Staring into the eyes of the man I loved so much it hurt. "I'm ready."

He drew a breath and began. "Hearing about you meeting with Cade, especially after learning about your attraction to him--"

"Past attraction," I interjected. He gave me a stern look and I hung my head. "Sorry. I'm listening."

"It hurt, Leila," he continued. "I had to try and figure out why you'd lie about it in the first place. What if you still had feelings for him? What did you talk about? Did you connect with him? Did he make you smile? Laugh? These were the questions that I asked myself. And then I came home to that fancy dinner and the first thing that came to mind was cheating spouses overcompensating. Buying forgiveness."

I opened my mouth to explain but stopped when I realized that at its root, the dinner was a big apology for what happened with Cade. I had done it to soften the blow and get forgiveness. "I'm sorry, Jacob. I really, truly am."

"I know," he answered. "And I'm sorry that I questioned your love. I know you love me, Leila." I can feel it every time you look at me, every time you kiss me, every time you come undone in my arms."

I drew a shaky breath. I was already filled with so much love for this man and now desire was heating me, making me forget that ten minutes ago I was puking my guts out.

"This is all a first for me. I've never let anyone in the way I let you in. To see what's beneath. To really see me."

I faltered as I remembered something Cade said, but I pushed it away, focusing on the now. Focusing on my heart. "I don't want you to ever doubt me again, Jacob. And I won't keep things from you."

"I won't," he assured me. He leaned over and planted a soft kiss on my lips before standing up. "And now that we've straightened that out, I'm going to take care of you."

I leaned back, watching him walk to the kitchen to grab me another Gatorade and a few crackers. I didn't think it was possible to love him more.

I was wrong.

****

I brought the tiny red straw to my lips and sighed with satisfaction. The sweet and sour punch of my green apple mojito wet my tongue before cruising down my throat. After two days of getting back to a hundred percent, Megan and I decided to go all out. We'd started with dinner at a posh Italian restaurant and were finishing up with a few drinks at Blue. People joked its namesake was 'blue' because once you got your bill, your smile turned upside down.

Megan ordered a refill of her club soda, drawing a tight smile from the bartender and a chuckle from me.

"I told you--we're celebrating and drinks are on me." She started to protest but I held up a hand. "I appreciate your hospitality, but if I would have spent one more day cooped up in there, I would have lost it."

Any other job would have looked at me sideways on my way out the door for taking three days sick leave for food poisoning, but Jacob insisted--and even stopped by with broth, crackers, Evian, and ginger ale.

When I finally came back to the office, I could tell he'd had a word with Natasha. She'd leapt from her seat as soon as I stepped out of the executive elevator, fake kindness on full blast as she talked about how glad she was that I was back and feeling better.

And it was good that I was back--and with a vengeance. Even Jacob was impressed when I spoke up at a meeting about a client's dilemma and offered input and a view the team had missed.

So tonight was about celebrating. New beginnings. And you can't celebrate with fizzy water.

Megan ordered a screwdriver. "I'm pretty sure that's the most expensive cup of OJ on the planet."

I took another sip of my drink, warmth wrapping me in a tingling blanket. "Don't worry about that." I gestured between the both of us. "You and me? Worry free zone."

She cocked a red eyebrow. "Are you drunk already?"

It was my second, but I was a notorious lightweight. I gave her a conspiratorial wink. "Maybe."

"Oh lord," she said, shaking her head but unable to shake loose the smile painted on her lips.

"And the night is still young," I said, plunking out my straw and downing the rest in two gulps.

And I jinxed myself.

That rhythmic buzzing at my rib wasn't my heart jumping around or the music weaving in and out of every part of me. It was coming from the purse hooked on my shoulder. It was my phone.

We don't really work in a vacuum. We're needed when we're needed.

I dumped my purse on the bar, and grabbed my cell from the sparse contents. One missed call.

"From Lisa Jones?" I said aloud, frowning.

"What's up?" Megan piped beside me.

"One second." I said begrudgingly. "Work thing."

I had a feeling our celebratory evening was about to come to a swift end. When Lisa's soft voice filtered through the receiver, harried and frantic, I signaled the bartender and mouthed 'check please'.

Megan was a little too chipper about not downing her drink, walking in step with me as we pushed out the exit. "What kind of work thing?"

"I'm the point person with Cade," I explained, waving my arm to wave down a cab. "When shit hits the fan, I'm the number she calls."

And apparently, shit was bombarding the fan. Cade had apparently stumbled into the studio, smelling like a liquor store and yelling at everything that moved. Lisa wanted to cancel the interview but Cade wouldn't listen to reason.

Megan and I slid into the back of a cab and I told the cabbie the production studio's address.

"So after everything that happened with Jacob--"

"Why am I off to the rescue?" I finished. I popped a piece of gum in my mouth and spritzed myself with body splash. Even though I'd only had two drinks, I knew the last thing I needed was to smell like alcohol when Cade was drunk off his ass. "Because I'm a professional."

Or I was trying really, really hard to be. Honestly, the last thing I wanted was to be in the same room as Cade Wallace. And blitzed Cade Wallace? No thank you.

The cab pulled up in front of the studio and I handed him a hundred dollar bill. I could feel Megan's worried gaze, but I pushed it away. I was worried enough for the both of us and I needed to Cut. It. Out. If Cade saw he was affecting me, he'd pounce. I wasn't trying to give him an excuse to relaunch Operation Snag Leila.

I gave my name to security and got a clearance badge. I did some deep breathing, stretched out my neck, buttoned my jacket and rolled my shoulders back.

I gasped when the elevator doors retracted and Lisa was standing right in front. She'd sweated right through her blouse and her pale features were flushed with anger.

She took me in, noticing that I'd flat ironed my hair and was wearing stilettos too high and sexy for business.

Her face fell. "You were out. If I would have known..." She pulled at her spiky blond hair. "I'm going to kill Cade!"

"It's alright," I said smoothly, even though that couldn't be further from the truth. Especially when I heard someone holler 'LISA!' that was loud enough for the whole freaking city to hear.

Even though I knew the answer, I gave her a wary look. "Cade?"

She nodded and if I needed further confirmation, PA's and staff members scattered past, each wearing a more irritated look than the last.

Cade repeated the screech and Lisa jumped out of her bones then wheeled toward the end of the hall. He let out a string of expletives because she couldn't move faster than the speed of light.

Oh, hell no.

I grabbed her shoulder, stopping her. "Why don't you go talk to Jon's staff and let him know the interview will have to be canceled."

Lisa was a spunky chick. When she was first introduced, she traded barbs with Cade even though she was barely five feet tall. The fact that worry shaded her gaze set sirens off in my head. Sirens that the alcohol in my system dulled.

"There is no way he's going to give an interview in his current state," I said adamantly.

I didn't wait for that to sink in because from the noise barreling from the end of the hallway, I needed to get to Cade before he razed the place to the ground. Even liquid courage couldn't prepare me for the number Cade had done on the dressing room.

It looked like a toddler took the block of space, gave it a good shake then dropped it in favor for a shiny new toy. Every chair in the room was upside down. The mirror was splintered, shards of glass glittering on every surface. Bulbs flickered ominously overhead. Clothes were strewn about. Makeup, coffee, and bottles created a Pollock painting of stuff. The last brave soul skittered past me with a look on their face that said 'Good luck'.

Cade's back was to me, his muscles pulsing through his blazer like at any moment he'd Hulk out and shred everything to pieces.

He whirled to face me, a scowl on his face that softened when he realized I wasn't another staffer or Lisa. When I took in his crazed eyes I wanted to retreat, but I remembered that I was the handler. I couldn't show fear. I was in charge.

I put on a mask. Nothing but business. "What's the problem, Cade?"

"You look great," he deflected. He popped the collar of his polo like that changed the rest of his misshapen appearance.

"You look terrible."

I unwisely stepped in his direction and even with five feet between us, he reeked. He smelled like he guzzled every liquor store in a fifty mile radius.

I pinched my nose closed. "Was there some sort of party I didn't know about?"

"You tell me," he winked, giving me a look over. "Looks like I wasn't the only one living it up. I thought you looked amazing in corporate chic, but club siren looks great on you."

Under different circumstances, I might have been flattered. But considering he was slurring every other word and was leering at my chest like a first class douche, I swatted the comment away. "The interview is canceled, Cade."

"Canceled?" His blond eyebrows drew together in confusion, but it only lasted for a minute. "Is this Lisa? Because I told her--"

"This isn't Lisa, this is me," I said firmly. "And as a representative of Whitmore and Creighton--"

"A representative?" he scoffed. "That's all you are to me, huh?"

"Yes, that's all I am." My filter must have been on a mojito fueled vacation because I gave it to him straight. "Once upon a time, back when you were just a hot guy in movies where things went boom, I fantasized about you. I wondered what it would be like to meet you. To know you. But this?" My face creased in disappointment as I gestured at the mess. "I'd give anything to go back to the fantasy. I'd give anything to go back to you just being an amazing actor that I put on a pedestal. Because the guy standing in front of me is pretty pathetic."

He was quiet, his face drawn and blank.

I let out a hiss of frustration. Of course he was too trashed to comprehend what I was saying, so I needed to keep stuff short and straight to the point.

"Interview is canceled."

I gave the room another glance then stepped toward the door. "We'll have to apologize to the staff some other time." With one hell of a swag bag, I thought, making a mental note. "Let's get you in a cab and--"

"Today's the anniversary."

I looked back at him and froze when I saw his eyes were filled with tears.

"I killed her. Seven years ago today."

I had to have misheard him. Even if I hadn't, I wasn't sure if I wanted to hear more. That privilege stuff was for lawyers and priests.

I pretended that I didn't hear him, maintaining a safe distance. "Let's get you home, Cade."

"I was everything to her," he trailed on, trudging back to the mirror, gazing into it like he hated who was reflected back at him. "She was just a pretty face to me. I didn't love her. I mean, if I loved her, I would have written her more when I was in the sandbox instead of putting my dick in every piece of pu**y I could find." He punched the top of the vanity, making me jump. "I didn't care about the mission or making a goddamn difference. I just cared about myself."

I swallowed the knot in my throat, thinking, knowing he was about to tell me something horrible. "Cade--"

"She used to say that she couldn't live without me, that she'd rather die than be alone. Some guy in my platoon with a conscience told her about what happened." He shook his head. "I thought I was the shit. Like she should have been honored that I decided to stick it out with her. And the other girls? That was just the price she had to pay to be Mrs. Cade Wallace.

When I came back from my tour, she was different. Quiet. But I was still so hung up on myself that I couldn't see her slipping away. Didn't see it until it was too late and I...I...I found her." He gasped, like he was back there. Back in that place. "I found her in the bathtub."

He didn't say any more than that but I filled in the blanks. Suddenly his comments about meeting the soldier and feeling like a fake, shying away from his military service, it all made sense.

"I'm not a hero. And I have no right to play one, or profit from it," Tears lashed down his face. "How can I sit across from that desk and act like one? Act like I'm worth a damn?"

After a day of being on top of the world, feeling like I could take on anything on, I looked at him and felt completely and utterly useless. I couldn't even begin to relate or understand what it would be like to find my significant other dead at their own hand. Even with this massive, giant of a man brought low, sobbing uncontrollably, I would never truly know what he was going through.

I went to him, my hand hesitating a few inches above his back as Jacob's face flashed through my mind.

You're a fixer, I thought firmly. You're not cheating if you're just trying to help your client.

His tears stopped as soon as my hand made contact. He closed his eyes, his heavy breathing slowing as I stroked his back, telling him it wasn't his fault. Telling him everything would be okay.

He opened his eyes, a smile playing at his lips, then wavering when he turned and looked at what he'd done. "Jesus."

"Yeah," I smiled up at him, glad that he was sobering up and shared something so personal. So raw. Maybe someday, if he could respect my relationship with Jacob, we could be friends after all.

I opened my mouth to tell him it was time to leave before they called security and he rushed forward, taking my face between his massive hands. Before I could react, he slammed his mouth into mine. The kiss couldn't have lasted longer than a heartbeat. A blink of an eye.

He pulled back almost immediately, remembering himself. And after a stunned moment where it sunk in and I realized what he'd done, my hand sliced toward his cheek.

He caught it easily, his mouth working as he tried to apologize, but it came out as gibberish. "I...uh...didn't...I meant...sorry--"

I yanked my arm from his grip, speaking in some mishmash language myself. "You...Jacob...can't...BASTARD!"

I wanted to lunge at him, to pummel him with both hands, but I knew I was no match. I had to leave. I had to just GO.

I turned around and faced the cherry on top--Lisa standing in the doorway, her mouth an O of surprise.

I shoved past, seeing red as blood roared in my ears. I had to get out of there. I had to get out now.

****

"I'm going to kill him."

When I looked at Jacob's face, I didn't see a trace of any emotion besides determination. The stoic mask was all machine with one purpose only--ending Cade Wallace.

I stepped in front of him, barring the exit. "Don't do something you're gonna regret."

"You told him you were attached and uninterested and he took it as an invitation." Jacob started rolling up his sleeves. "Get out of my way, Leila."

This was escalating to Crazy Town. "Okay, so you're going to go to his apartment and challenge him to a duel or fight or whatever. And what are we supposed to do when the reporters snap pictures of your face?"

"My face?" He snorted. "The bigger they are, the harder they fall. I'm sure they'll be more concerned with Cade's broken nose."

I didn't move, even though I was sure a slight breeze would have knocked me out flat. I couldn't believe that he was willing to create a whole new scandal and go toe to toe with Cade just to protect my honor. It was sweet but I couldn't let it go down.

"I'm not going to let you do this," I said firmly. "Not for me."

"I guess it's a good thing I don't need your permission then."

I knew I could tell him about Cade's wife and it would at least chill his blood and give me a chance to convince him to let it go, but I felt like it wasn't my secret to tell. Still, there was another part of me that knew that picking and choosing what I thought Jacob should know wasn't fair to him.

I inhaled sharply, praying that I wasn't just making things worse.

"I found out something personal. Something that I think explains why he did what he did."

He shifted, but didn't stand down. "I'm listening."

"Apparently Cade was married, back when he was in the military." I didn't feel like his...extracurricular activities were relevant, so I got to the point. "When he came home from a tour, his wife committed suicide."

Jacob's stony expression softened slightly, but his jaw was still tight with anger. "What does that have to do with the kiss?"

"He was feeling vulnerable, Jacob," I tried to explain. "And he was drunk. Is drunk. From the way he reeked, he's going to be drunk for days."

He relaxed slightly and I felt a little better. I'd been up front, one hundred percent honest, and there was no brawl. I guess this whole straight up thing was a good idea after all.

Jacob turned to me, his forearm muscles flexing as he crossed his arms. "The thought of him touching you, kissing you..." His eyes flashed, the heat of his gaze flaying me alive. "You're mine."

I brought my hand to his cheek. "And you're mine."

His body tensed and his gaze flickered to the door. Clearly, he was still considering paying Cade a visit.

"Jacob, please," I whispered. "Don't."

The cold anger melted immediately as he wrapped his arms tight around me, putting aside his righteous fury. "I'm not going anywhere, Leila. Not ever." He pulled back, tilting my head up so he could gaze into my eyes. "You want me to let this go?"

"Yes," I sighed, just wanting to forget it. "Just stay."

"Okay." He leaned in like he wanted to kiss me, but decided better of it. Like I was traumatized and he didn't want to shove me off the ledge. That tenderness, his concern did push me over, but not in the way he expected.

I hooked an arm around his neck and pulled him back to my lips. This was what I wanted. What I needed with every fiber of me.

I thrust my tongue into his mouth, begging him to taste me. A moan sounded in the back of his throat as he brought me close, flush with his body until I swore I could feel his beating heart pulsing all over me. My tongue desperately danced around his and I swear nothing had ever tasted so sweet.

There would be time for making love, for rose petals and longing gazes, but right now, I just wanted him to spread me wide and plunge himself so deep that I was breathless. I existed for him; for his touch.

I undid his pants with one hand and surprise flitted across his eyes and smirked his lips. The smirk became something else when I reached into his trousers and gripped his erection. It became something lustful and wild.

I stared into his eyes, lust running rampant in oceans of blue. God he was gorgeous, unraveling as my fingertips danced over every glorious inch of him. His h*ps bucked ever so slightly as I stroked him through his pants.

With a groan he covered my hands with his own, stopping me. "Take it out."

Every corded, delicious muscle of him made my mouth water and I obeyed. Only a pair of ebony boxer briefs kept me from him and he tented the dark fabric. His c**k begged for my touch, even if the man himself would never, ever beg anyone for anything.

And why would he? I would have begged if he pumped the brakes. But he didn't grip my wrists or stop me from running my hand up and down his massive length, tingling from head to toe as he grew and bulged even from my slight strokes.

I sucked in air when I felt him pulse around my grip, watching his mouth tremble before he bit his bottom lip, holding back. When I brushed my thumb over the tip, the delicate lust seeping from his head, all bets were off and he let out a moan of abandonment, throwing his head back. His rolling h*ps promised what came next and I was breathless with anticipation.

"Take off your clothes," he growled. "All of them."

As much as I hated to remove my hand, I wanted more and that would be slightly complicated considering I was still fully clothed. My hands fell to my liquid leggings and I cursed choosing them because they refused to move at the same pace as my pulse. As need ricocheted over me, I let out a cry of frustration at the material, practically glued to my heated flesh. It refused to go further than my hips.

Jacob came forward, his fingers firm as they gripped the pants. His hooded eyes were dark with want as he brushed his lips against mine. He lowered himself until he was eye level with my waist and his lips pressed against my stomach, kissing my skin. Suddenly, I was just fine with the pants staying where they were and his mouth caressing my abdomen, making me squirm for him.

But he was multi-tasking, his hands peeling the pants down inch by blissful inch until they were at my ankles and only my thong lie between his mouth and my pulsing heat. He hooked a finger through each side of it, sliding the underwear over my h*ps and down. He didn't even wait for me to step out of them before his tongue scored my throbbing flesh.

I tried to step out of the thong so I could spread and give him more access, but his arm roped around my waist, holding me still as he kept teasing. I opened my mouth to beg, to plead but sensing it, he rose up without a word. He led me to the midnight colored chaise that overlooked the terrace.

He leaned back onto the chair, gripping the base of his erection. It was hard to believe that a month ago the very idea of riding a guy made me break into hives because I kicked my leg over and took the base from him without prompting, slowly guiding him inside. His hands found my br**sts, massaging and tugging my mounds. I drew him in and out, rolling into him as I moved my body to the tune of his moans. I felt nothing, needed nothing but him. I knew he was coming, I felt it in the way his grip tightened.

"Come with me," he breathed.

Hands, bodies, bliss-I felt the building pressure and surrendered to it. My h*ps rode the waves of passion until the water stilled. Even with my heart raging in my ears, I felt at peace. Like we were finally getting back to the way things were before.

I was on top of the world when he ripped me from the stratosphere, kicking and screaming.

"You're off the Wallace case."

I'd heard him, but I just couldn't believe he would go there when we were still na**d and glistening with sex. "What?"

"I don't want you working with Cade Wallace." His voice toughened, leaving no room for debate. "You're off the Wallace case."

I had protests, the first being our agreement that my career would be my own. But it was clear that I couldn't be effective at my job if the client didn't respect my boundaries.

I traced a figure eight on Jacob's chest, my cheek catching the stillness of his body beneath me. It was like he was holding his breath. Gearing up for a fight.

"Alright, babe," I said finally. "I won't work with him anymore."

****

My phone zinged to life on my desk and I picked it up, cradling it between my shoulder and ear as I finished sending my email.

"Can you do me a favor?"

No 'hello' and no 'please'. It was one of two people. The frigid chill that was signature Natasha was replaced by sugar and caramel drawl which meant it had to be Missy Diaz.

I turned from the computer screen, giving her my full attention. Not because she deserved it mind you, but because I had to be on the ball around her. She'd sent me five press releases riddled with grammatical errors and incorrect information, clearly hoping I'd miss it and would crash and burn.

"That depends on the favor, Missy."

"It's nothing hardcore and you're clearly very capable."

I rolled my eyes. There was no way I was going to write this chick a blank check so she could screw me over. "Tell me what you need and I might be able to help."

She let out a loud, obnoxious sigh. "I thought it wouldn't be a big deal, considering you've been the go-to during the Wallace project."

My stomach clenched. "W-Wallace project?"

"Right. I'm supposed to be meeting him in ten, but something came up and I need to leave the office."

I knew that Jacob and I had an agreement. A verbal understanding that I'd keep my distance as far as Cade was concerned, but it wasn't public knowledge because it would bring up a host of questions.

"Me? I, uh--"

"You're just going over the damages and giving him the information for the gift bags we're sending over to Jon's studio." She cleared her throat. "He's insisting on delivering it in person."

I bit my lip, Cade gaining some much needed respect points. Delivering those packages was the least he could do for the mess and inconvenience he caused. Still, I didn't want to break the deal with Jacob. "Is there someone else?"

"What?" she barked, not letting me off that easy. "I didn't hear you." She let out another dramatic sigh. "Look if you can't handle it--"

"I can handle it." I said, my ego doing the talking. CrapcrapCRAP.

"Cool. I'll just send him up to your office."

The line clicked. Of course she hung up without a thank you. But I had bigger fish to fry. Like how I'd just agreed to meet with Cade.

I jumped up from my chair, my eyes shooting to my purse and jacket hanging near the door. I could sneak out and claim I forgot. That might work with Cade, but my last minute amnesia would raise all sorts of red flags with Missy. She already had me in her sights, undoing my efforts at making friends as soon as I introduced myself. Even Snap Girl from the research department didn't want anything to do with me. When I tried to eat lunch with her she trashed half her sandwich rather than being seen talking to me.

I crossed my arms against my chest, pacing back and forth as I tried to convince myself that Jacob would understand. At this stage, I had no problem putting the whole thing on Missy.

I put on a mask of indifference as she pranced into the office without so much as a knock. She handed over a folder and a card with the address where Cade could pick up the gifts.

"Thank you so much for covering for me," she said batting her spider lashes. "You are a lifesaver." She turned on her heels, pausing at the door. "I'll definitely let Jacob know that you were indispensable."

"That's not necessary," I blurted, panic gripping my voice. I let out a choked, nervous laugh when she glanced back at me, eyeing me strangely. "I mean I appreciate it." I scoured my mind for some way to explain why I didn't need her to speak up for me without drawing any more attention. "I mean, I appreciate the gesture but I'm just being a team player."

It must have been enough to throw her off my scent because she breezed out of my office with a shrug, I dropped my painful grin and started freaking out.

It's going to be fine, I breathed in and out, gripping the edge of my desk. You're a professional, remember? You kept it together when he--

"Ahem."

I exhaled, clearing everything from my face before turning to him. Gone was the leer in his eyes and the eau de drunk. In its place was the cool, collected guy I'd met. He stepped into my office, decked in a white button down shirt and light jeans that hung low on his waist. His eyes raked over my face and he must have seen something I couldn't hide away because he stopped just inside, giving me space.

"I'm sorry you had to see me like that," he said, visibly embarrassed.

I gave him a tight smile. "It's quite alright."

"Alright?" He shook his head. "I was out of line. I embarrassed myself and put the movie in jeopardy and by extension, all the people who worked on it. I know I can't take it back, but I truly, sincerely apologize."

"Missy left notes but if you just say what you just said to me, you'll be good to go." I held out the folder, just wanting to send him on his way, but I could tell from the way he shifted his weight that he was holding on to something else. I couldn't stand the way he was looking at me, especially when I thought about that kiss. I didn't trust my voice to not shatter into tiny little pieces so I pleaded with my eyes. Just take the folder and go.

"There's something else." He didn't see my request or chose to ignore it. "I want to apologize to you most of all, Leila."

"That's alright." God, it was like that was the only word in my vocabulary. "Really."

He rubbed his chin, drawing my gaze to his mouth. I turned away from him, going to the file cabinet and shuffling through the folders, trying to give off the appearance of being busy and mask the fact that I was fighting to keep my emotions at bay.

"Don't worry about it. Water under the bridge." My stomach flipped and flopped as I heard him move and it was definitely not the way he came. "I really have a lot to take care of here."

"About the kiss--"

I slammed the drawer closed with a bang. "Just let it go, Cade. You were drunk, you kissed me for like five seconds and then it was over. It's not a big deal." Oh but it was. It was a huge deal. Why else would I be dialed up to a hundred?

"If I could just explain, Leila."

Goosebumps raced over my skin as he put a hand on my shoulder and I lunged away, almost tumbling over my chair in an effort to get away.

"You don't get to touch me. Not after what you did." I stared him up and down. "You're sorry-duly noted. I don't need you to say anything more than that. I don't care about your explanation. I just want you to leave."

"But I-"

"Are you deaf?!" I shrieked, my cool, my sanity slipping right through my fingers. "Maybe you're used to ignoring everyone's feelings but your own. Kissing who you want. Fucking who you want. But I said that this conversation is done. Over. I don't want you. I don't need you. I'm not your wife!"

He reared back like the smack I'd attempted last night finally landed and blew him away. He'd gone too far when he pressed his mouth against mine, but I'd just bested him. Using her name as a dagger, sinking it deep in his chest, was lower than low.

I'd gone too far.

The cool he'd exuded melted as sweat exploded at his temple, shooting past bulging veins. His green eyes were flints of ivy as his nostrils flared. He edged closer and panic gripped me tight, pinning me in the corner. My back was pressed against the file cabinet and I realized that maybe there was something to those rumors about his temper. There was no alcohol in my system to screen any of this. This was pure, unfiltered Cade...and I didn't know whether he was going to explode and knock me out flat.

I put up my fists. I didn't stand a chance, but at least I'd go down swinging.

He ground to a halt, all the color draining from his face. "You don't think-" The anger in his eyes became something else...shame. "Oh God. Leila I would never..." His voice was pinched and painful. "I would never, ever hurt you. You have to know that."

I relaxed my fists, but I still held them out, creating a barrier. "I'm not so sure, Cade. I don't think I know you." I dropped my hands to my side, but I wasn't done. "You're smiling, you're charismatic, then you're depressed and a hack. You're a sage, telling me about the pitfalls of fame and then you court it by snapping up photographs. You lose your shit at the studio in true rock star fashion then tell me you miss simpler times. It's confusing, Cade. And I don't want any part of it." I took a breath. "I'm not sure why you chose me, but un-choose me. I can't bear anymore of this."

He moved to the door, his face hooded and unreadable.

Before he could turn the doorknob I added, "And I'm off your case. We have no reason to communicate. Ever."

He glanced back at me. "You're right. You don't know me. I can tell you that I can be an ass**le. I can be a guy that no one wants to know. But I'm certain of one thing--you make me want to be better."

He left without another word, dropping the bomb. Leaving me to deal with the confusing fallout.

I knew Jacob was in a meeting, but a glance at my watch told me he should be back. I was glad that Natasha wasn't at her desk, because I knew my run in with Cade would have been all over my face.

His door was open and the office unoccupied but I stepped inside, hoping that just being in Jacob's space would help me calm down.

Standing up did me no favors so I sunk into the chair in the lounge area. I dropped my hands off the side, running my fingers along the fibers of the rug until something sharp cut into my finger.

I brought the finger to my mouth, the grating sting obviously a paper cut. I searched for the culprit, thinking maybe a document fell from a folder, but there was only a single, white envelope.

I brought it up to the light, my heart jumping in my chest when I saw it was addressed to Alicia Whitmore.

Jacob's mother.

You know that voice in your head whose whispers you hear during important points in your life, trying to steer you onto certain paths? Mine was telling me to just put the letter back. It wasn't for me. It was none of my business.

I ignored it, untucking the flap and pulling out the note. I told myself I'd stop after I read the first sentence.

I appreciate the offer to come to the Hamptons. Just a few more sentences. And I'm glad that you've come to a decision about giving me Nan's wedding ring-

My mouth went dry. Wedding ring? My head spun and I couldn't help but squeal with delight. Jacob was talking to his mom about proposing to me?!

-but I think I may have been a little premature asking for it.

Dread crept in and locked its fingers around my throat.

You told me about your regrets, and how I should never take marriage lightly. If I'm being honest, I'm not sure if I'm ready to take that leap. I'm not sure about a lot of things.

I'm not sure where Leila and I stand.

I let go of the paper, watching it flutter to the ground. I tried to convince myself that my eyes deceived me. That he'd written those words out of anger, when the wounds from Cade were still fresh.

But there was a date at the left corner of the paper.

Yesterday's date.

