Section One

We held our breath, side by side, our issues forgotten as we watched Jacob for some sort of clue that Mia was alright.

Naturally, he gave nothing away.

"I'm assuming if the girl was dead it would be all over the place," Natasha murmured with a shrug.

For someone that walked around like they knew everything, Natasha clearly didn't know squat about being human.

She mouthed a 'what?' to Missy and rolled her marble blue eyes at me as I let out a scoff of disgust and turned back to Jacob. I didn't have the time or patience to get into it with her again. Not when it was getting harder and harder to breathe, waiting for information about Mia.

Overdose.

That word brought back a chilling memory. Freshman year--everyone buzzing with their first taste of adulthood. Life without parents. The dizzying power of responsibility. Staying up as late as you want. No one forcing homework and sports down your throat. No wonder so many people packed on the Freshman 15 or in my case, 30, when you could have pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner.

Still, I'd be lying if I said sometimes I didn't wake up and forget. Ache for home. Expect to hear the low drone of Mom watching some terrible soap opera or the mechanical buzz of Dad at work in the shed. But my first college roommate was ten times worse. She'd cry herself to sleep, always on the phone with her parents, texting the boyfriend that she left back home.

I tried to involve her in things, inviting her to the cafeteria, offering to walk with her to class, but she turned me down. I knew she had to be lonely. She was miserable when she couldn't reach them and only smiled when she spoke to them.

And then something changed.

She started opening up to me. Telling me about her past and what she wanted for her future. She even started coming down to the dining hall instead of eating in the room alone.

All her progress halted when her boyfriend broke up with her. She stopped going to class altogether. She stopped using words, communicating through grunts and eye rolls. She didn't even leave her bed, curled up in her comforter like the world outside was just too painful.

It was horrible of me, but I kind of thought she was just being ridiculous. That she needed to grow up instead of dealing with a rough breakup in the worst possible way. I had no idea there was something much darker going on.

About a week later, I came back from my morning classes and realized she hadn't moved in hours. Usually she'd shift to a different side of the bed or her body would curl in a different version of the fetal position. When I saw that all of the pill bottles in the bathroom were empty, I freaked out.

I could still remember dashing to my desk to call 911. The way the girls lined the halls, whispering as the medics wheeled my roommate out on a stretcher, trying to resuscitate her. Apparently if I hadn't called when I did, she would have died.

She moved back home and I never heard from her again.

Did I miss something this time too? So caught up in being vindicated that Missy's approach was too brutal that I missed how far gone Mia really was? Should I have gone after her instead of trying to figure out a way to convince Jacob that I deserved to be heard on her case? Because now there was only silence, a deafening, hollow quiet--and a worry that I could have done more.

That I could have saved her.

Jacob lowered his phone, his face unreadable as he ran a hand through his dark locks, waves swishing back in place. We were all antsy, waiting with bated breath. When his eyes settled on me, the knots that ground in my belly slackened.

"She's still alive," I said softly, relief crashing into me.

Missy moved forward, her dark ponytail slashing the air. She needed to hear it for herself. "Mia Kent's alive?"

"Yes," Jacob confirmed with a crisp nod. "She's at Mercy General. They pumped her stomach and she's under suicide watch."

"We have to--" I looked to my left and saw Missy and I had both taken a step forward. We both had spoken the same words and had the same urgency in our voices.

I was pretty sure I'd lost a good chunk of respect for Missy after she tore down a girl that was a walking cry for help during and after the meeting, but the remorse that blanched her features pooled together the scraps that were left.

I turned back to Jacob. "We should go talk to her. Let her know that she's not alone. And the press..." Locusts were more accurate. Snapshots of Mia's washed out, unconscious face were proof that the friend who called 911 made another call first.

"Of course." Jacob moved to where I stood, forgetting that we weren't the only two people in the room. I relaxed in his arms, breathing in the warmth. The safety. I knew what he was gonna say before he even said it.

"I've already arranged a car. If you want me to accompany you, I'm there."

I pulled back a little, hands against his chest as I looked up into his eyes. I knew he had a million other things to do, that he was going above and beyond. He was willing to draw those flashing lights on us, to sit beside me in the waiting room until we were allowed to see her. All because he loved me.

As much as I could use him by my side, I needed to do this. Missy and I had to make this right.

I brought a hand up, fingertips brushing the striking line of his jaw. "That's alright. We've got this."

I gave Missy a curt nod and we moved to the door. My eyebrow shot upward when I heard the tap of Natasha's heels behind us. Five seconds ago she was talking so flippantly about the overdose, shrugging it off no less. Now she cared? Now she had a heart?

My glare nailed her in place and her cheeks reddened before she threw a glare back at me. "Mr. Whitmore was sending me home early anyway."

"Then go home," Jacob said sternly, his tone leaving no room for debate. "I'm sure they're more than able to handle the situation without your assistance."

She pursed her lips defiantly, but eked out a, "Yes sir" and brushed past us, feathers visibly ruffled. I was expecting some nonverbal show of solidarity from Missy, but she seemed just as relieved to be free of her as I was.

We moved to the elevator and I cleared my throat as I punched the button for the ground floor. I dropped my hands to my side, trying to prepare for whatever excuse she was bound to whip out to explain how she had nothing to do with any of this. How it wasn't her fault that Mia clearly had issues. She was just doing her job, after all--and passing the buck so her hands were clean and washed of any guilt. But Missy didn't say a word.

I looked over at her. Her expression was pure anguish and her skin was several shades paler than normal, eyes glittering with...tears?

I couldn't help but roll my eyes at that and whip back to the front. I punched the elevator button repeatedly, trying to make the thing move faster. Any other day it would be like one of those rides at the fair that plummets down and your heart lurches to your feet. When I was stuck in a confined space with some woman pulling out all her acting chops to play the victim, it chose to take its precious time.

The doors finally slid open and I stepped out, drawing a breath as I blasted through the lobby. I didn't have time to deal with Missy. If she was waiting for me to ask if she was okay when our client had just attempted suicide, she would be waiting a very long time.

The car was waiting at the curb, the driver immediately moving to open the back door. Missy was hot on my heels, sliding into the seat beside me, snapping her seat belt, then facing the window. Like she couldn't stand the sight of me.

I crossed my arms, more offended than I liked. She was a piece of work. Maybe I should have let Jacob come because right about now he'd be giving me a look that said 'leave it alone'. But it was just me and an anger that said she was throwing some sort of temper tantrum and wanted attention. She wanted attention? I'd give her attention.

"You're worried about Mia, huh?" I said, dripping with sarcasm.

She sniffled and wiped away a crocodile tear. "Of course I am."

Of course she is? The car merged into traffic and I gripped the seat cushion, trying to mince my words, but they were ringing in my ears. She was worried about her? Maybe if she wasn't so busy trying to show everyone how badass she was we could have seen that Mia needed someone to talk to, not someone to berate and belittle a girl that thought her life was worth next to nothing.

"I find that really interesting, Missy."

She turned to face me, her eyes flashing brown, then nearly black with rage. "Excuse me?"

"I'm over this belated show of concern," I said, not backing down. "During the meeting I tried to help her. After the meeting I told you I thought she needed a gentler approach. And when I saw her in the bathroom I tried to talk to you again and--"

"What do you want me to say, Leila?" she roared. "That I'm a horrible sister?"

The car went silent, the driver's eyes were forward even though I could tell from the rigid set of his back that he was wondering what he'd gotten himself into--and trying to get out of the thick of this drama ASAP. I was quiet because of her last sentence.

Because she was a horrible sister?

I inched back, not sure what button I pushed, but feeling nervous because once again I was in a confined space with someone I didn't trust further than I could throw her.

"Horrible sister?" I said finally, ending the silence. "What are you talking about, Missy?"

"I misspoke," she said dismissively, giving me a look so acidic it could eat through flesh.

"Okay."

Satisfied that I was dropping it, she turned away. I did the same, wishing that it was that easy. That I could just flip a button and turn that annoying, empathetic part of me off. It was far too late for that anyway because I was already recalling the first real conversation we had.

She talked about a younger sister who was a fan of Mia's back in her Carolina, California heyday. That was the first time I saw her show any real emotion besides extreme dislike. The first time I thought maybe she wasn't pure evil after all.

I fiddled with a corkscrew curl, debating whether I ask the question. I was wasting time because I already knew I was gonna do it. I wasn't a hard ass. I cared about people that didn't deserve it. My mother said it made me good, honest, but right now I just wanted to shut it off and save my concern for Mia. When Missy sniffled and tried to cover it by clearing her throat, I gave in.

"Did something happen with your sister?"

She went rigid, her voice low and unsure. "Why do you care?"

"Because if something is bothering you that impacts your ability to do what's in our client's best interest, we need to take care of it. Mia needs us, Missy. What happened with your sister?"

Missy flipped her hair over her shoulder, clearly irritated. "I just misspoke, Leila. They really don't have too much in common. Both are eighteen. Both are from privileged families." She paused, her jaw twitching. "Both have been in rehab."

I opened my mouth and slowly closed it. I didn't know what to say.

Missy fiddled with the hem of her blazer. "I swear things weren't so complicated when I was a teenager. There were still boys and hormones and alcohol and drugs. I made it out alright." She flung a hand in my direction. "You made it out alright. Plenty of people go through it and manage just fine. And my sister was dealt a better hand than most. I just couldn't understand why she turned sixteen and all hell broke loose. So when my mother called me and said I was her big sister and Ana looked up to me, that's exactly what I said to her. Get over it or she'd end up ruining her life or worse. Straight, no BS." Her voice went ragged, the edges cutting at my attempt to not care, making it impossible.

"Not even a day after our little conversation, my mother called me in a panic. Ana ran away." A tear dashed free from her dark eyes but she swiped it away before it got too far, making me wonder if I'd imagined it. If I was imagining this entire conversation. But I could feel my nails digging into my palms.

"She was gone for two whole weeks and my mother was inconsolable the entire time." Missy pinched the bridge of her nose. "And my father...he was barely around anyway so this gave him an excuse to sleep at the office and focus on work even though he had no idea if his sixteen year old daughter was dead or worse."

I bit my lip, seeing the parallels between her story and Jacob's. Both came from well-off families. Why was it that the people with so much spared so little for their children?

"And then they found her." Missy's voice pulled me back to the story. "Strung out, barely clothed in the seediest part of the city. Selling her..."

There was no stopping the waterfall that streamed from her eyes now. She crumbled, leaning over as far as the seatbelt would allow. Sobbing.

"I always had to be the strong one," she said in between gasps, "I had to be strong for Ana and my mother. It's what they always needed. How was I supposed to know how far gone she was? It wasn't my--" She stopped, eyes widening as she looked at me through the tears. Her body still shuddered, but she'd silenced the crying, like she realized that she was breaking down behind enemy territory.

But I wouldn't use this against her. That's not who I am.

I reached out and put a hand over hers. "I'm sorry that happened to your sister, but I'm sure she knows you love her. That you were just trying to do what was best for her."

"Rehab at sixteen. That's what was best for her?" Missy said with a bitter laugh.

"If it kept her from making a mistake at eighteen that couldn't be fixed without permanent damage."

I couldn't believe I was about to say this, but like it or not, Missy was being genuine. I didn't think she could pull this off, turning her makeup to soup, losing it in front of me with some sort of ulterior motive. She'd made a mistake with her sister and obviously another with Mia. The fact that she was here was proof that she wasn't all bad. That there was hope for Missy Diaz yet.

The driver pulled up to the entrance of the hospital and I turned to Missy, giving her hand a squeeze. "Ready?"

She tilted her chin up, a look of determination on her face. "Let's go."

Armed with larger than life bouquets, we avoided the flashing bulbs, heading toward the sliding doors. Some gangly, strung out looking guy was grinning big in front of the crowd, talking about Mia. He was updating the press, letting them know that she was conscious but under close watch with no visitors except for family. I felt anger catch fire in my veins when I realized this was the 'friend' who found her. The 'friend' who had no problem selling her out if the price was right.

"Another time, Leila," Missy said, picking up on my desire to pummel him. "Right now, let's check on Mia."

For once, me and Missy agreed on something.

As soon as we breezed to the waiting room area disinfectant and the odorless smell of sick washed over me.

There was one nurse behind the desk and I could tell she was no joke. Built like a mountain, with eyes like jagged rocks and arms like boulders, she looked dead at us and smirked like we weren't getting what we wanted before we even got it out.

"Good afternoon," Missy said warmly, disregarding the woman's demeanor.

The nurse grunted. I gave her an uneasy smile as my eyes dropped to her badge. Nurse Deadwood. Of course that was her name.

"We'd like to visit a patient. Her name is Mia--"

"You and every other Tom, Dick, and Harry with a camera," Nurse Deadwood interrupted with a snort. "If you ain't related to the girl, you can march right back on out of here and join your pals."

"How much?"

Nurse Deadwood narrowed her beady eyes. "They've already been raining twenties around here like this is a strip club. You can leave or I can call security."

"How about a thousand dollars?" Missy countered smoothly.

All those zeroes made my eyebrows jump but I yanked them back down before the nurse glanced at me, sure this was some sort of ruse.

"That's a lot of money for a photographer to be throwing around."

I almost corrected her, but I had a feeling that if she knew what company we worked for the price would double. Nurse Deadwood looked around and when she was satisfied no one was watching she gave Missy a nod. The envelope was pulled covertly from Missy's clutch and handed it over. It was way too bulky to hold a check.

I gulped. She'd just forked over 1k in cash and the nurse didn't even bat an eye. I wondered what kind of haul she got when she had celebrity patients in the hospital.

She typed in our names and printed out our visitor badges. Her face scrunched when I said mine but she shrugged her shoulder like I couldn't be that Leila Montgomery.

She slid the badges across the counter with two sausage sized fingers. "One person at a time. The other can wait out here."

We put some distance between us and the warden, pressing the adhesive to our chests.

I almost asked Missy if she usually carried around that kind of cash for these types of situations, but the first rule of Fight Club is you don't talk about Fight Club. Besides, the means didn't matter. We were gonna see Mia. That was priceless.

Missy fumbled through her clutch and pulled out a small container of hand sanitizer. "I have a feeling she'd want to see your face before mine. If she wants to see mine at all."

I wheeled toward the secured entrance, eyeing Nurse Deadwood. She gave me a strange look before she hit the button that sent the doors swinging outward.

"Leila?"

I stopped just inside, turning back toward Missy's voice.

She gave me a rueful smile. "Tell her I'm sorry."

Section 2

I couldn't even recognize her.

Mia's cheeks were drawn, gaunt like her skin was pulled too tightly over bone. Her eyes were down, staring at the hands bound beneath the restraints, but I could still see the swollen bags beneath. Her dyed blond hair looked fluorescent against her pale skin. The hospital gown clung to her frame. Swallowing her.

I tapped hesitantly on the open door. "Mia?"

She didn't even look up. "I told you I'm not hungry. Isn't it enough that you have me strapped to this bed like an animal?"

I moved into the room until I was in full view. "I'm not a nurse."

She slowly tilted her chin up, those same swollen blue eyes from earlier widening with recognition. "You!" She looked to her left where the nurse call string dangled just out of reach. "I don't want you here. This doesn't have anything to do with you. Scott was supposed to keep you people out."

I remembered the guy at the entrance, smiling for the camera and milking his five minutes of fame. A part of me wanted to reveal him for the ass**le he really was, but she already felt cornered. The last thing I needed to do was out one of her friends as a fake.

"I'm not here as a rep of Whitmore and Creighton."

"Oh really?" she scoffed, looking like herself when she arched her eyebrow and gave me her best 'bitch please' face. "Why are you here?"

"Because I meant what I said at the meeting," I answered, crossing the divide and dropping my bouquet on the side table. "I'm here to help."

Surprise flashed in her eyes but she erased it with an eye roll. "I don't need your help."

The fact that she'd been found in a pool of vomit surrounded by empty pill bottles and was strapped to the bed The Exorcist style begged to differ, but I knew she wasn't gonna welcome me with open arms. She'd been living in denial for too long.

"You mind if I sit?"

"Do I have a choice?"

"Not really." I gave her a smile and lowered myself into the armchair beside her bed. The plush, roomy thing seemed out of place in a hospital. Just like the wet bar and fridge and the glossy LCD TV tuned to Teen Mom. I could tell her mattress actually looked like a mattress instead of the uncomfortable pallet thing they usually have in hospitals. And she had fluffy pillows. And a duvet. A. Duvet.

She was glaring at the screen, but when she thought I wasn't looking, she stole peeks at me.

"Pretty sure this is the nicest hospital room I've ever been in." She didn't respond other than shifting her eyes back to the TV and keeping them there. "Not that I've been to a lot of hospitals or anything, so I don't have much to compare it to. The few that I've been to..." I shuddered. "Death was a kindness compared to holing up in there."

A vein in her temple twitched at the sound of the word death and I bit my lip, scolding myself for my choice of words. But it was in line with the pseudo reverse psychology thing I was about to try to get the truth out of her.

"I guess what I'm trying to say is that I get why a person would want to get admitted here. This has to be like, The Ritz of hospitals. Michelin star food in the cafeteria--"

"You think I want to be here? That I'm happy to be tied down to this bed because my room is nice?"

"Then why are you here, Mia?"

"I took a couple of pills," she said nonchalantly. "Something to take the edge off. I guess I had a bad reaction."

"Just a few?"

"Yes. Like three or four--"

"--Bottles?" I finished for her, sliding to the edge of my seat. "You weren't trying to take the edge off. You were trying to not feel the edge or anything else, ever again."

She looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"You know exactly what I'm talking about. You tried to kill yourself."

Kill. Another trigger word. I watched as it rippled over her, turning her face ashen like she'd just witnessed something terrible.

"You're wrong."

"Am I?"

I could see the same fight she'd broadcast at the meeting as she sat up as best she could, squared her shoulders and looked me dead in the face. "Yes. I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately so I took more than I realized."

I took her in slowly, hard to keep my disbelief in check. She didn't really believe that, right? It just sounded like a talking point she was told to repeat until it stuck.

"I didn't come here to upset you. I came because you looked like you needed someone," I said gingerly. "A friend. To know you're not alone."

"I have a friend," Mia said acidly. "He's the one that found me and brought me here. He was supposed to be keeping people like you out."

I bit back the desire to set the record straight and let her know that her so-called friend was outside giving a press conference.

"You're just here to save face," she continued tersely. "If they found out I was a Whitmore and Creighton client and was admitted to the hospital on a 48 hour psychiatric hold, it makes the company look bad."

It was harder to swallow the hurt that came with that accusation. This had nothing to do with damage control. I was there because I was worried about her. It was obvious she had trust issues and she didn't know me well enough to know better. I had to fix that.

"Let's start over," I said, rising to my feet. "I'm Leila."

She let out a groan. "I swear if I was closer to that string I'd put us both out of our misery."

"I was born in the country, but I grew up in the city. Now when I go back to the country with the rolling hills and nothingness I can't believe I lived there without driving myself insane."

"Are you being serious right now?" she sneered.

"When I decided I wanted to work in public relations, I set my sights on Whitmore and Creighton," I pressed on. "If you want to be the best, no one else comes close. And then I met Jacob Whitmore."

She wriggled to the left, inching closer to that string. She eyed me pointedly, clearly trying to let me know that was my warning.

I ignored it.

"I've never met anyone like him. I've never felt the way he makes me feel. I've never felt so....vulnerable." I crossed my arms. "Before him, there were only three things I couldn't live without. My parents, my best friend, and coffee. Now there's four." I looked at her, watching as her features softened. "What can't you live without, Mia?"

I saw the crack, the sliver, but there was still a chance it could go wrong. She could keep the wall up. Keep the door closed. Tell me it was none of my business or to go to hell. But she didn't reach for the white string or punch the button I knew they had on the rail, well within her reach.

"I wish I had something I couldn't live without," she said in a tiny voice. "Lately, it's just been a bunch of things I can't live with." Her eyes dropped and I watched as she picked at some invisible scab with her fingers, black polished nails burrowing into the white sheets. "I know what people say when my face flashes on the screen. 'There's another entitled celebrity given everything but she's still not happy.' And they're right. I have everything and I'm miserable. I don't deserve one bit of it."

"Mia," I said softly, "You don't mean that. I've seen your show--"

"You watched Carolina, California?" she asked incredulously.

My face warmed. "I may have watched an episode or two." Or ten. "You were incredible. And your voice is amazing."

She gave me a bittersweet smile. "Nowhere near as amazing as Shelly."

"Shelly?" I asked, stepping closer to her bed. "Who's Shelly?"

She looked at me--no, stared was a better word. Eyes boring into me, scooping me out to study the bits and pieces. I had no idea who this Shelly person was but clearly Mia was trying to decide if she trusted me enough to confide in me.

"You were right," she said after a minute, slumping her shoulders. "I was trying to...you know."

So no to Shelly, but she was admitting she tried to kill herself. I'd take it.

"What happened?"

She shrugged her shoulders or at least pushed them upward in a shrugging motion as best she could with the straps. "I was just tired. Tired of the paparazzi, tired of the blogs, tired of the YouTube comments. I mean, it got to the point where I was keeping a tally of all the new dislikes my videos got. I grew up in this business and I thought I had a thick skin, but I just..." Her voice cracked and she looked away, trying to tilt her head away, but not before I saw the tears. "It just seemed like everyone would be better off without me."

"That's not true," I said firmly. "You matter and no one would be better off."

My words went right through her. This was heavy, heavier than someone who studied marketing and communication could handle.

"You should talk to the nurses or the therapists. They're all here to help you."

"I am talking. I'm talking to you." She jutted her chin out. "Not some underpaid nurse who'll run and tell the first photographer she sees that flashes a wad of cash. And not some therapist who nods and acts like they understand then uses me as a punch line at cocktail parties. I don't trust them but I..." She left the rest open ended, going from the take-no-prisoners young woman I met to someone afraid.

And then it hit me. She was trying to say she trusted me...or at least, she wanted to.

"If you ever wanted to talk, I'm here." I said with a smile.

Her eyes brightened. "Really? Even if I don't become a Whitmore and Creighton client?"

"Even then," I winked.

The door swung open and I stepped to the side, expecting a nurse but the overwhelming smell of body spray and douchebag told me otherwise. The lanky guy from before was standing in the doorway, clearly gunning for some more dirt to take to the hungry masses.

Maybe he was good looking once upon a time. He had the right height, broad shoulders, and what was left of the generically attractive bone structure with shaggy blond hair. I'd done my research when we were waiting for news about Mia and I knew he was twenty five but alcohol and drugs made him look like he was nearly forty. Any semblance of the guy who came from nothing to be a movie star was dulled and erased by playing it a little too fast and loose. It was obvious any monetary support Mia gave him went nowhere good. And he had the nerve to look at me suspiciously.

"Who the hell is she?" he growled, taking a battle stance.

"She's my--" Mia paused, her forehead crinkling as she tried to determine the right word to use. "She's my publicist."

Not the 'friend' I was hoping for, but it was better than nothing. And it meant that she was at least thinking about giving Whitmore and Creighton another try.

"Publicist?" he repeated, leering at me in a way that made me wish I was wearing a turtleneck. When I didn't seem shocked by his lurid stare he just moved to her bed, picking up the ice bucket. "You don't need a publicist, babe. You know I'm taking care of you."

"Oh, is that what you're doing?" I said with a frown, moving closer to Mia. "It kinda looked like you were feeding the fire. Making deals and promises that were less about Mia's best interests and more about your own."

"What I do for Mia has nothing to do with you," he snapped, his face reddening. "I think you should leave."

I almost laughed at that until I saw Mia's face. She was torn, looking back and forth between us like she didn't want to choose. Even though I had a feeling she'd go with Scott and it was the worst possible choice she could make, I didn't want to push her. Right now, she didn't need me to make a scene and state things she already knew were true deep inside.

So I plastered on a smile and didn't make her choose.

"I'm gonna head back to the office." I pulled out a business card and scribbled my cell on the back. "You call me anytime, okay?"

She gave me a nod. "K. And I'll set up another meeting as soon as they let me out of here."

I gave Scott one last glare and exited the room. I'd gotten Mia to open the door a little and let sunshine in. Getting rid of toxic friendships would have to wait...for now.

Section 3

"I've never wanted to hurt someone so much in my life. So I reached over the counter, swiped a pair of scissors from her pen cup and jabbed the blade into her neck."

I waited for the horror. For Jacob to look up at me like I was a woman possessed before his delicious mouth split into a smile when he realized I was joking. If he was listening, that would have been his response after I told him what happened at the hospital. How pissed I was when I went back to the lobby to get Missy and Nurse Deadwood came down with a case of amnesia, politely asking us to leave before she called security.

But Jacob wasn't listening.

He brought the rim of the wine glass to his lips, gave me an absent-minded smile and promptly went back to pretending he was taking in every word that came out of my mouth.

"So she's fine then?"

"She was after I administered mouth to mouth."

His brow furrowed as he put the wine glass down. "What?"

I threw my napkin on top of my barely eaten dinner, suddenly not so hungry but plenty annoyed. I'd spent the past thirty minutes telling Jacob about Mia. How I thought she was ready to make a change. How I wanted to literally murder Scott with a vase when he had the nerve to say he was looking out for Mia while he profited from her demise. Right around the time I started talking about the huge sketch factory the guy was and Jacob's replies interchanged with interesting and cool, I realized I was basically talking to myself.

"Is there a reason you're ignoring me?" I crossed my arms tight against my chest. "Especially after you asked me how it went?"

"Don't be ridiculous, Leila." His eyes did a complete 360 before they settled back on me. "I just have a lot on my mind. And I asked about the Mia situation because it's in my best interest to know."

"Is that right?"

"Yes," he answered coolly. "If the girl is that far gone, she's in need of a psychiatrist, not Whitmore and Creighton."

I was familiar with the cold, indifferent tone of the businessman. He was at the head of a multi-billion dollar enterprise and when it came to business, Jacob Whitmore wasn't someone you wanted to trifle with. But using that mechanical, emotionless approach when it came to a girl nearly committing suicide, especially given his past? That was too much.

"So what are you trying to say?" I could feel my voice rising along with my temperature. "You'd drop Mia because of what she did?"

"If she proved to be more trouble than she was worth, absolutely."

Before I even knew what I was doing the napkin covering my food was a white ball sailing toward Jacob's head.

He swatted it away effortlessly. "Thank goodness there's no scissors handy."

"That's not funny," I snapped, feeling the indignation flare in my cheeks. So maybe he was listening, but now I was the one wishing there was a mute button. Or maybe rewind...back to before my fiance said the jackassiest thing I'd heard in a while.

"You don't mean what you said." I released my grip on the anger that was choking me and took a few deep breaths, trying to calm myself before I said it again. "You didn't mean that."

I knew Jacob. And when Natasha blurted out that Mia OD'd, something flashed across his face. I'd been sure it was sadness but now that he was acting like he hadn't just said we might toss Mia overboard, I wasn't so sure.

"I don't see what the issue is, Leila. If the Rachel Laraby situation has taught us anything--"

I gripped the edge of the table, feeling my anger rush back with a vengeance. "I know you're not going to compare a sick, sad girl to a grown ass woman who isn't happy unless we're miserable."

His blue eyes flashed. "I wasn't, actually. If you're done, I can finish."

I did a flourish with my hand. "By all means."

His jaw tightened. Even mad as hell the flare of anger in me was met by one of lust. That look--stern, powerful, in charge--it was one he wore well. Jacob owned that look...and it turned my insides into goo. But I could tell he wasn't about to throw me over his shoulder and discipline me.

Not yet anyway.

"What I was trying to say is that we can't get too close to our clients. It clouds our judgment."

I flipped a mess of brown curls over my shoulder haughtily. "How interesting. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure you told me that my ability to connect and empathize with Mia Kent made me uniquely qualified to work on her case."

"Don't do that," he said brusquely, throwing his own napkin over his plate. "Don't patronize me."

"I'm not trying to patronize you, Jacob." I leaned forward, reaching for his hand. "You're stressed out because of work, right? That's why you're talking crazy?"

"No, crazy is what Mia Kent is." He snatched his hand away, face storming with fury. Not anger, not annoyance. No--this was something he'd been holding onto. Something that had been eating at him.

I fell back in my chair, not sure what to do with that statement. It was more than inappropriate. It was downright cruel.

I opened my mouth. Closed it. His words took me back to the hospital. I could still see Mia's eyes. Wide. Piercing. But her hands shook beneath her restraints. She was terrified.

I'd never attempted suicide, but I knew what it was like to be tired of your life. Going to school day after day and dealing with girls that picked me apart--my weight, my hair, hell, my very existence. Feeling like my mother didn't understand. Couldn't really because her idea of making me feel better was reciting the old 'stick and stones' mantra. I wouldn't wish that loneliness on anybody. And it wasn't something to joke about or trivialize by calling Mia crazy.

He dropped his gaze to the tablecloth then closed his eyes like he couldn't believe he'd gone there either.

"I'm sorry."

It was a start. When he looked at me, I saw the words plain as day and the remorse was real. I gave him a small nod, but I wasn't gonna just let it go.

"Why would you even say that, Jacob? That's not like you." It was the Jacob Whitmore people expected. Coldly handsome. Flippant. Obnoxious. He's freaking gorgeous so somehow, it works. But that wasn't the real Jacob. Sure, the domineering, air going out when he came in the room thing was incredibly sexy, but I knew that he was kind. And generous. So this was something else.

He picked up his glass and threw it back.

"It's just been a long day," he said after polishing off the rest of the wine. "I know what I said was out of line and I apologize."

He picked up his napkin and dabbed at his mouth. When he discarded it, I saw the familiar hunger in his gaze. "Let's go to bed."

There was a part of me that wanted nothing more than to have loud, kinky, after-argument sex with him, but there was a bigger part that knew something else was going on here.

I didn't budge. "What's going on, Jacob?"

One side of his mouth curved deliciously upward. "I'm gonna take you to bed, love. Tie you to it maybe."

That wasn't even fair. A need of my own was building and I blurted out my concern before it won. "We need to talk about what you said. Something is going on with you."

The smile evaporated. "You're not gonna drop this, are you?"

I shook my head slowly. "We're partners, remember? We have to talk about things. The hard stuff, the uncomfortable stuff. Not just the things that come easy."

He gave me a guarded look. Even though I felt like I knew him so well, there were still moments when I felt like he was good at hiding his emotions.

Too good.

He could tell me I was imagining things. That it was all in my head. And I had no proof otherwise. What would I do if he started hammering home the 'so tired' excuse? I couldn't make him tell me.

But I had hope. That we'd been through enough that he knew he could tell me anything, no matter how horrible or difficult and we'd work through it together.

He pulled his tie loose and ran a hand through his dark hair before letting out a sigh. "I hate that I'm letting it affect me. I wish I could just turn it off."

"Turn what off?"

"My mother."

Oh god. If Alicia Whitmore was involved, I knew it was horrible. I reached for his hand again and this time, he didn't pull away.

"You know most of the story. How my father was barely around. And when he was, he was always distracted.

My mother tried a variety of things." He counted them out on his fingers. "Redecorating the house. Hiring a master chef to cook his favorite meals. Taking cooking lessons. Changing her hair. Changing her clothes. Shooing me out of the house for...." Jacob trailed off with a shudder.

Yeahhh...no matter how old you get the idea of your parents getting it on is still a little weird.

"None of it worked," he sighed. "And then when I was eight, maybe nine, I came home from school and I remember feeling this burst of excitement because my father's Jag was in the driveway. It was weird because he was never home until I was practically in bed. It was--" His lips tilted into a sad smile. "--exciting. I walked in the house and my father was in the living room. Somber. Quiet. His eyes were trained on the coffee table. It was littered with bottles and a rainbow of pills. Every damn size you can think of. I asked where Mom was and he said she was tired and not to be disturbed. When it happened two months or so later, he told me she was sick. That she tried to hurt herself."

I felt a knot form in my throat that wouldn't get away. After what he'd almost done with the shotgun...

"I was eleven when she started routinely harming herself," Jacob's voice was hollow and cold. "Interestingly enough, these urges happened right before long business trips or after she and Dad had some heavy argument."

I gripped his hand tight. It was impossible, but I wished I could take away his pain. How she could do that; use suicide as some ploy for attention, it just...I couldn't even fathom it.

He cleared his throat and rose to his feet. "But that's in the past. I never should have taken it out on you or Mia. And if she wants to be our client, I support it fully. I support you."

I wanted to hug him, to be close, to let him know I'd never let anyone hurt him ever again, but he made a beeline for the staircase.

"I'm gonna grab a shower. I'll see you upstairs."

Sec 4

I leaned against the frame of the door, looking into our dimly lit bedroom, watching Jacob. Blue eyes were on the screen of his iPad, bright beneath a mop of still damp hair. My eyes lowered to his chest, bare and glistening from the shower. I wanted to move closer, to smell the musk of the soap on his skin. But there was no way I could be that close to a near na**d Jacob and keep my hands to myself. And considering he'd all but dashed upstairs alone and was reading intently with an invisible 'Do Not Disturb' sign hanging above his head, I didn't think now was the time for seduction or submission.

And the glimpse of his past was enough to make my libido all but shut down. I knew that Alicia Whitmore wasn't what she seemed the moment I laid my eyes on her. Her glossy, manicured exterior was hiding secrets of something dark. The kind grin she wore as she nonchalantly talked about writing me a cheek to go away. Talking about her love of Jacob in the same breath she used to disparage him. Disregarding what he wanted. What he needed. And now I knew she used the threat of suicide to control her husband and son.

I looked at Jacob, my strong man who fought so hard to contain his emotions, who was once different; happier--until the woman who brought him into the world snuffed it out. Hardened him.

My mother was no saint. She was flighty, impulsive and if you looked up 'overprotective' in the dictionary I was pretty sure you'd see her snapshot beside the definition. But hearing about the things Alicia did to Jacob made me want to hug my mom tight and never let her go. It made me want to go back to the Leila who used to complain and say horrible things in the heat of anger and shake some sense into her.

I was lucky to have a mom like her. A mom that told me she loved me so much it made me groan. A mom whose extent of manipulation was things like playing matchmaker and hiding my flats so I had to wear stilettos to the interview that changed my life.

Jacob looked up, his eyes curious as he took me in. "Everything alright?"

I chewed on my bottom lip as I padded across the room toward him. "I should be asking you that after what you told me."

His forehead wrinkled in confusion for a moment before he caught my drift and let out a laugh that avoided his eyes. "Ah. That." He flipped his cover over his tablet and shrugged. "I'm good."

I was prepared to let it go, climb in bed beside him and push away anything Alicia Whitmore related. But the smile on his face looked physically painful, like he was trying so hard to put on a brave face for me when everything was falling apart.

I eased onto the bed, trying to keep my voice steady. "Jacob, you can't just tell me something like that and..." I felt the emotion I'd tried to bottle up, stash away to keep from poking at an old wound rush to the surface. He was sitting there unblinking, nearly erasing every trace of the moment of vulnerability. Openness. Well, I was wide open--and I was about to cry. "And..."

"And what?" he said finally, studying me. "You want me to start sobbing about how devastating it was to actually wonder if she'd actually go through with it? That the maid would be a few minutes too late? A few seconds? I'd pick the wrong day to go over to a friend's? Or maybe I'd be on the other side of the world, too far to save my mother from herself?" He grit his teeth in disgust. "This was why I didn't want to say anything."

The tears evaporated as I cocked my head to the side. "You don't mean that."

He massaged his temple and let out a tired sigh. "You're right. I don't. I don't want secrets between us." He gave me a reluctant smile. "I just don't want it to be a production. I don't want to give her the satisfaction of knowing she affects me. So I act like I don't feel anything at all."

I relaxed, feeling the smile pull at my mouth. "You don't have to be Big Bad Jacob. Not with me."

He licked his lips and I followed the hot trail he made, tongue sweeping left before it flicked right. "What's wrong with big, bad, Jacob?"

His eyes glittered dangerously. It was the smallest of movements, but it was like someone doused us with pheromones. Some eau de Whitmore that made my heart speed up in my chest and the tingle of warmth build in the pit of my belly. Nothing could scratch that itch but him.

I swallowed hard as he drug his fingertips along my arm, sending an electric jolt to my system that fried the serious conversation I was trying to have with him.

The smile that played on those lips weren't messing around now, drawing my eyes back to them. Filling my head with all the things he could do. The places he could touch and lick.

"Jacob..." His fingers were drawing up, rounding my shoulders, skating my neck. Cupping my chin.

"Say it again."

You're not okay, are you? The reason eating at me when I climbed the stairs, screaming when he snapped, tickled the haze that had taken up residence in my head. But that wasn't what he was talking about. Jacob was using the dominant voice. That dark, authoritative, dangerous thing that used to scare the crap out of me but now it made me melt.

He wanted me to say his name.

I looked into his eyes. I was lost to him.

"Jacob."

The smile broadened as he pulled me toward him and wrapped his lips around mine. He was warm, his touch imploring. Sensual. His tongue didn't command, not yet. He swept it over mine, flicks as he kissed me, deep moans of satisfaction echoing through me as he cradled my face.

I remained still, savoring, loving the way I could feel his passion and desire rippling through his kiss. Washing over me. Possessing me. Everything was heightened. The way my fingertips trembled as I moved closer, tossing aside the sheets. My arms drew up; taking in the way his muscles flexed as I locked them around his neck and pulled him in. He let out a chuckle at my actions. Me thrusting my br**sts into his chest like I had any control over any of this. Like I could up the ante. The fact that my body belonged to him, snapping to life when he gave me a single look was proof that he was in control. I was Jacob's. His alone.

His lips swept over mine, slow, teasing as he pulled back. Not far enough that I would protest, but far enough that my lips quivered and missed his touch.

"You have no idea how sexy that is," he said huskily, blue eyes darkening with heat. His fingertips spread along the line of my neck, fanning out before they tightened. Not tight enough to hurt or cut the air from my lungs. Breathing was irrelevant anyway. I stopped breathing as soon as he started stripping me down with his eyes.

He still had that effect on me. Even after all this time.

His fingertips branded me, making an invisible impression as he brought his lips down to kiss the trail he made with his hand.

"Seeing you like this. Wild--" He drug his teeth along the sensitive strip of flesh. "--All mine."

My skin was on fire and when he started tracing lines, swirling his tongue, I threw my head back with abandon, dark curls dancing down my back.

"Oh Jacob." I moaned, a long, lusty thing that poured out of my mouth. He reclaimed my lips, like he needed to taste me again. Taste my need. His hands locked in my hair, taking a handful, tugging as his tongue no longer hinted at what he wanted. It dove between my lips, slicking over mine before it dueled, daring me to go faster and demand more.

So I did. I rose up on my knees, raking my hands through his hair, my hair spilling down as I buried my tongue in his mouth. My body ached because I was straddling him, wanting other things to be buried. To spread wide. To give him all of me.

I could feel his curve of approval, snug, fighting against the slip of cotton that did nothing to hide his bulge. I rolled my h*ps and he let out a groan that said I wasn't playing fair.

Punishment was swift and delicious.

He spun me around, bucking me down onto the mattress. I looked at all the tight lines and squares of his chest and abdomen, eyes racing down to the dark curls that angled toward his erection. He speared through his boxer briefs, promising that he wanted and needed this as badly as me. I brought my hands to the band of his underwear, hooking my thumb inside and started pulling it downward. He stopped me, gripping my wrists and vaulted them up and over my head.

He leaned down, eyes flashing with all the things he wanted to do to me.

"Not yet."

I let out a muffled whine that fluttered behind my lips, giving him my best puppy dog eyes.

His eyes twinkled with mischief as he clucked his tongue. "Cute, but ineffective."

He released my hands, knowing that I'd keep them where he left them. Even when he started trailing his hands down, fingers sliding over my collarbone before they drew between the valley of my cle**age. He cut toward my breast, stopping before he returned to the center, stroking the seam. Close to my curve...back. Alternating sides...back. When I hitched a breath, I saw him looking at my lips.

He was listening for those little gasps.

I stuck my tongue out at him and one side of his mouth tipped upward. He kept his eyes on my lips and I let out as sigh as he cupped my breast in his palm. The sigh changed into a loud gasp when he pinched my nipple. Nothing compared to that slice of pain that vibrated through the delicious pleasure. The wetness that grew, my juices coating my lower lips. Making me writhe.

But his hands weren't done. Jacob smoothed down my abdomen before his hand rested solidly over my sex.

"You're so wet, baby," he murmured, looking down at me, the smirk nowhere and in its place, nothing but fire. An animal desire flooded me as he split the lips of me and thrust his finger inside. The abrupt invasion sent shockwaves sizzling through me and I vaulted my body upward to meet the next stroke, savoring the way my body clenched around his finger. I closed my eyes as he added another, my body adjusting to him.

"Your eyes, Leila."

I popped them open and he stared down at me, lips parted, trembling as I hitched a breath when he went deeper. It was more than just his hand. His eyes rocked in and out.

He drew his hand out and drove his pelvis into me, showing me that I wasn't the only one losing it. Showing me what came next. But it wasn't enough. I wanted to touch him.

He arched a dark eyebrow, giving me a look like he could see inside my head. "What do you want, Leila?"

"You," I whispered.

His eyes glowed. "Show me."

I yanked my arms down and wasted no time pulling off his boxer briefs, eyes taking in the veiny, thick bulge of him as it snapped free. I took him in my hand, sweeping my thumb over the slit in the head, licking my lips when I felt the desire seep from him. I gazed up at my lover, my fiance, and slowly slid my hand up and down his length.

His eyes closed and I saw the lust ripple across his face.

I tightened my hold and his eyes popped open and he growled. Literally growled.

And it was the sexiest thing I'd ever heard.

He threw my legs wider, moving in the space between them. Muscular arms flexed on both sides of me as he leaned forward and I could feel him pulsing at my entrance.

He watched me intently as I squirmed beneath him. Feeling how close he was to being inside. How close I was to being whole.

He moved one hand to his groin, holding it steady. Right there. So close that I was practically begging.

His eyes pinned me in place. "Tell me you want me."

My mouth was dry from all the moaning and it came out as a croak. "I want you."'

"Louder."

"I want you!"

He entered me and I clasped him, those three words everything, filling me as completely as every new stroke. He looked down at me as he went deeper, the wildness racing across his features, settling on his lips.

I didn't wait for him to say the word to release me. How could I with him so deep, his gaze penetrating me in time with his body?

My core rocked, spasming, cooing as I gripped him and didn't let go. The warmth spread out over me, pricking my cheeks and I opened my mouth to explain, but he shook his head as he moved inside of me, the pace of his thrusts crashing. Eradicating my apology. Showing me just how hot he found it when I came, wrapped around him.

"This is all that matters, Leila." He leaned over me, lips brushing my ear. "Nothing else matters to me."

Section Five

When I walked into the Kent strategy meeting I expected all bets to be off. The last time Missy Diaz and I attempted to play nice, it lasted all of five minutes. I had a feeling I'd walk into the conference room and she'd give me some sort of acknowledgement, a nod, maybe a smile if she woke up on the right side of the bed and was feeling generous, but I wasn't holding my breath.

I stepped through the doorway, gripping my expandable folder to my chest, almost like I was holding onto the illusion that she'd give any of the suggestions and ideas inside a listen. Sure, we'd had a moment in a cab where we talked about her sister and put our beef on hold, but that was days ago. It was Monday, Mia had yet to sign her contract, and from the way Missy flipped through the papers in front of her, this was going to be a long meeting.

I was early enough that there were still seats near the front, but I gravitated to my usual seat near the back. Away from the line of fire.

Sia Murrow, one of the staff publicists, gave me a hearty wave. "Hi Leila!"

I had to remind myself to wave and smile back. She was one of my coworkers who generally didn't acknowledge me at all before. At barely five feet with cropped white blond hair, big, expressive gray eyes and a fitted white dress, she was a bundle of frenetic energy...all of which was unfortunately focused on me.

"Have a good weekend?" She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively and I felt the warmth of embarrassment and a hefty dose of annoyance. Some random chick who spent months looking right through me thought we were close enough to hint at questions about my sex life?

I abandoned my regular seat since it was right beside her and opted for one three seats away. I gave her a tight smile and turned my attention to my folder.

"Leila?" Mia said at the front.

I looked up at the sound of my name, only vaguely aware of the lack of condescension in her voice. "Yes?"

"Can you come up here for a second?"

I was very aware of the eyes locked on me as I slowly rose from my chair. It was barely a ten foot walk to where she was standing at the head of the table but it stretched on forever, horror movie style. The dread I'd been holding down burst free, doing wretched things to my stomach and I was grateful I'd only had time to scarf down a banana and coffee before the meeting. Even though my eyes were locked on Missy, I had a pretty good idea everyone else's faces were along the lines of 'Ooo Leila's in trouble'.

I battled to keep my face from showing just how nervous I was, trying to take a page from the Whitmore Art of the Poker Face.

I stopped a few feet from Missy, giving myself an internal pinch. Cut. It. Out. Missy isn't the boogeyman. You have a right to be here. Experience. And an established relationship with the client along with a pretty awesome management plan. My input, my presence, was just as valid as anyone else sitting around the table. Missy Diaz didn't have any power over me unless I gave it to her.

I stood up a little taller, ready to face whatever drama she was about to send my way.

Missy was dressed in all black--blouse, slacks, with stilettos. Her hair was piled into a tight bun on the crown of her head and her brown eyes were intensified by smoky eye shadow. Her blood red lips creased and she gave me a small smile.

"Why don't you join me up front?"

I must have looked confused. Heck, I was confused. Why did she want me up front? So she didn't have to aim so far when she threw daggers my way?

She must have seen the question because she explained. "We're partners and I don't want to have to yell back and forth all meeting."

Partners.

She gestured behind me. "Is that yours?" She looked at Sia. "Sia bring Leila's things up front."

Sia's glossy lips soured but she snapped to action, grabbing my folder and trudging to the front, the ball of energy fizzling as she looked back and forth between us like she missed the memo where she was my assistant.

She held it out to me, her eyes narrowed to charcoal slits.

"Thanks," I said awkwardly, accepting it.

She gave me a crisp nod and went back the way she came. I had a feeling our faux friendship was pretty much over. And me and Missy? I still wasn't sure where we stood.

"Mind if I take a look?" Missy asked smoothly.

"S-Sure."

I gave her the folder and watched as she leafed through the contents. Pulled out folders, scanned papers, nodding slowly as she surveyed the material. She passed it back to me. "There's some good stuff in here."

Wow. We were partners and now I was getting a job well done too? I was cautiously optimistic. This was what I wanted. We didn't have to be besties or even like each other, but we should be able to check that at the door and work together.

The last person filed in and all eyes rested on Missy as she called the meeting to order.

"Good morning," she began, taking in the room before continuing. "A new week and new developments in the Kent case. As I'm sure you know Mia Kent was rushed to the ER after a suicide attempt."

Anywhere else, the word suicide would have raised a few brows or been accompanied by whispers. No one even blinked weird. We were in the fixing business and it wasn't all promoting new movies and setting up TV appearances. Mia's attempts weren't Whitmore and Creighton's first brush with a star who'd had enough and unfortunately, it probably wouldn't be our last. Still, it was slightly eerie that no one even flinched.

I tried to tell myself it was because the media had been running the story all weekend. Talking to psychiatrists and people who knew and worked with Mia, leaving no stone unturned so the public could be over-informed on every aspect of her life.

"She was released this morning." Missy turned to me. "Have you spoken with Miss Kent?"

I cleared my throat, feeling the nerves cartwheel in my throat as eyes shifted to me. "We've exchanged a few texts since her admittance." From the way Missy's eyebrow curved she wanted more than that so I added, "She seems to be doing better."

Mia was doing better. She made sure she let me know that she still didn't like that 'mouthy bitch' and wasn't sure if she wanted to be represented by Whitmore and Creighton. The fact that she was considering it at all told me that she was at least thinking about her future. Of course I was sure I let her know that we could help her but more than anything I was just glad she was showing signs of the smart ass I'd met.

"That's good," Missy nodded. She pulled out a chair and sat down, pulling out a blank sheet of paper. "It still brings us back to the issue of signing her as a client." She picked up a pen and spun it between her fingers. "Any ideas?"

Hands shot up like vines and I had to bite my lip to hide my amusement. A room full of Hermione Grangers.

Missy pointed the pen at a tall, dark haired guy near the back. "Paul?"

"I've done some research and I found out that she loves indie music and spa days. We could set her up for the weekend at Blue Heart and find out the best local band and get them to do a set for her."

Missy crinkled her nose. "Girls day out and a concert for a client that's way too high profile?"

"We'll keep it small and intimate," he suggested, his voice a little less confident. "Just Miss Kent and two friends."

A warning sound fired in my ears and me and Missy exchanged a look. Paul's suggestion wasn't a bad one--but the idea of her being around friends anything like the one we'd met was.

Missy turned to the woman beside him. "Kara, what's your suggestion?"

Kara sat up, sweeping her brown hair over one shoulder. "Well, piggybacking on Paul, I think we should woo her. A dress by her favorite designer. Shoes. Handbags. Have the chef from her fave restaurant cook her meals. Fly in treats from her favorite bakery, no matter the location." Nods rippled across the room. "Christmas should come early. We need to show her that we have resources and we're ready to use them on her."

"Interesting," Mia said quietly, her piece of paper still blank. "Mark?"

A guy a few seats away who looked like he just rolled off a wave in SoCal clicked his pen, obviously used to the limelight because he waited until all eyes were on him before speaking. "I think we just bring her in and have her talk to some other clients. Make up an all stars list of people we brought from D-list to A-list. Show her what we can do."

All good ideas.

All very...predictable.

Missy leaned back in her seat, mulling them over. I had a feeling she'd go with door number 3 and not because Mark was batting his eyes at her. It just seemed like her style. Confrontational; almost like we were politely sitting her down and telling her she was at the bottom of the barrel and we were gonna upgrade her. It could work, done right. I just felt like every idea was just...too much.

"What do you think, Leila?" Missy glanced at me curiously.

I shifted in my seat, wondering if I should use something a little less maverick-y then silencing that nonsense. I wanted to be heard. Now was my chance.

"Nothing," I said simply.

"Nothing?" Missy repeated slowly.

"Pampering her, spoiling her, showing our list of accomplishments?" I nodded agreeably. "They're good. But after the first meeting and everything that's happened since, she's spooked. We can't do something good. We have to do something she won't expect."

"Which would be?"

"Nothing."

The murmurs that rippled across the room when I gave my suggestion were decidedly louder now and from the eyebrows rising skeptically, they thought I was completely nuts.

"Here's the thing," I explained, my voice a whip that cut through the chatter. I looked at Paul. "I loved your idea. I think it would have been relaxing." Kara was next. "What girl doesn't want to be spoiled?" I settled on Mark who was eyeing me warily. "And I think she'd benefit from seeing what we're capable of."

I sat up in my seat, remembering the first time Mia sauntered into this very room, already putting a wall up. Already making up her mind that she thought very little of Whitmore and Creighton and what we could do. The fear disguised as anger in the bathroom. The shaky mask in place at the hospital.

"Mia Kent has had a charmed life, even before Carolina, California. She was the only child, raised in a small town where she was treated like royalty. She was an unknown actress, but her talent made her a fortune nearly overnight. Her fans violently adore her.

Every day is filled with her being pampered and catered to. There's nothing new or remarkable about glitz and glamour to her. She doesn't trust us, so any sort of blow by blow of what we are capable of would fall on deaf ears. We don't need to chase her or woo her. She'll come to us when she's ready."

I was done. It was the most words I'd said aloud to anyone since I'd started working here and it was surprisingly not 90% uh's and um's. I could tell from the downturned looks on Paul, Kara, Mark and Sia's faces that I'd stepped on some toes but the majority of the murmuring was that of approval. But the person in charge was Missy--and the verdict was still out.

She put her pen down, picked up the piece of paper in front of her and balled it up. "I think you're right, Leila. We need to give her some room to breathe."

She stood up, the Missy sign that the meeting was over. "Nothing it is."

I broke into a grin in spite of myself, not even caring that people filed out of the room without giving me any props or show of support. We were all driven, wanted to be the one called on, the one that gave the right answer. But Missy standing at the front and following through with being more receptive meant everything.

She had a one on one with another client so she hustled out, leaving me alone when my phone buzzed to life.

Mia K.

Can u come over? No W and C stuff.

It was the middle of the workday but I didn't hesitate, plunking out a yes and asking for her address.

Section Six

Everything in the building on 1567 18th street screamed new money. From the bordello red walls with glittering white crown molding and larger than life marble statues to the security guard who nearly tased me because I wasn't on Mia's approved list, it was too much. When I took in the hipsters lounging in the ground floor cafe reading Nietzsche and young socialites staring at their iPhones very seriously, I instantly felt an otherness that was different from my prior experiences with the filthy rich. Sure, I'd felt like I stuck out like a sore thumb when I went to Jacob's apartment the first time and I still felt awkward at some of the more exclusive restaurants we went to, but this was a different feeling. Where old money looked down their noses at me, these people couldn't even be bothered. I didn't even exist.

I stepped up to the oversized door, swallowing a 'wow' as I gripped a knocker and rapped twice. I cleared my throat and got ready to call out her name, but stopped when I heard the lock disengaging.

The door swung open and Mia cocked her head to the side, bright eyes twice their normal size as she took me in. "You came?"

"Of course," I said, flashing a grin.

She didn't return it, but I saw something in her eyes that looked a lot like relief. She held the door open and let me step inside. As loud as her personality was I expected neon walls, a wooden chandelier, Warhol prints, and furniture that was more fashion than function. Instead, the walls were bare. The open concept floor plan just looked vast and empty except for a cluster of cardboard boxes and shopping bags in what I suspected was supposed to be the living room. The only real color was the array of wine and liquor bottles lining the island. Well, that and the lime green leggings Mia had on.

She flipped her hair over her shoulder, walking over to one of the boxes labeled 'K stuff'. "Want something to drink? I have water, wine, beer, club soda?"

I shook my head and she abandoned the cardboard box and went to the fridge. She emerged with a Miller Lite, studying me as she popped the lid.

"Scott had some stuff to do, that's why I--" She turned her back to me, chugging it like she was in the Sahara and just found a bottle of water. Once she was done she dropped it in the trash can with a metallic crunch that told me she drank booze like a fish drank water. As much as I wanted to find out the truth about her sheisty friend, it was fairly obvious she didn't want to talk about him. Besides, I was there to support her, not make her more uncomfortable which meant it was probably time for a subject change.

I walked to the island, running my fingertips across the granite countertop. "You just moved in?"

"Sure, six months ago." She leaned on the opposite side of the counter and shrugged her denim clad shoulders. "I'm kind of a gypsy. No use unpacking because I just can't stay in one place. It's in my blood."

And my attempt at steering the convo out of dicey territory put me right in a pile of awkward. Everyone knew about the show moms who made Mommy Dearest look like mother of the year. They were driven and if you stood in the way of the direction they believed their kids' career should go, they would plow right over you. School, family, even childhood was put on the backburner as they worked for their lil' one's big break. And once that break came, they were right there; pulling the strings, acting like their ability to turn their children into a commodity meant they were owed respect and gratitude.

If all the show moms in LA were put on a single team, Charlene Kent would be the MVP. Before I even started following Mia closely I remembered news articles about her mother nearly costing her starring roles because producers refused to deal with her. Before her fourteenth birthday there were rumors that Mia was thinking about emancipating herself. She'd laughed them off, but from the way her face hardened as she talked about blood, maybe there were some truth to it.

She tossed a look at me and snorted. "You can stop looking at me like I'm gonna break into a million little pieces."

I let out a nervous chuckle, swatting the truth away. "I wasn't--"

"You were," she glowered, standing upright. "Worried bringing up my mom would send me spiraling back into the dark pit. Ask me anything about her. I'll show you how fine I am."

This whole thing was proof of how fine she wasn't. "Mia..."

"Ask me."

"How's your mother doing?"

"No idea. I haven't talked to her since my birthday."

The photos of Mia smiling, happy on her eighteenth birthday took on a whole meaning.

I met her gaze slowly. "You were free."

She was the one that broke away first, turning back to the fridge. Back to the booze. Besides the fact she wasn't legal, it was nowhere near the socially accepted time of getting plastered.

"You think that's a good idea?"

The hiss of the gas escaping from the bottle and her prompt guzzling of it was my answer. She was throwing down like it was Friday night with a tolerance that would impress the most prolific of frat boys. I thought coming over would help her, but right now, I just felt like I was making things worse. After all my talk at the meeting, I wasn't even following my own suggestions. I was doing the exact opposite...I was driving her to drink.

I stood up, at a loss for what to do. "I know you've got a lot on your plate--"

"Huh," she interrupted, gesturing around the quiet expanse of her apartment with her empty bottle. "It looks like I have nothing on my plate. My personal assistant stopped answering my calls and I've been receiving delicately worded emails from producers. They all apologize but they've 'found new talent' or are 'going in a different direction"."

I gave her a sympathetic nod. "They're just being overly cautious. They'll be back once everything calms down."

"Once everyone finds some new star to stalk? Once the Mia Kent Suicide Watch ends?"

I cringed, remembering my horror when I saw that TMV, one of the more dick-ish celebrity gossip new sites, actually had a countdown widget on their front page. They docked the time with every new article published about Mia.

"Once they realize that you're here to stay," I said, taking the anger and trying to turn it into something positive. Something empowering. "Once you make a comeback."

She wagged a finger at me. "No Whitmore and Creighton stuff, remember?"

I held up my hands innocently. "I didn't say anything about contracts or Whitmore and Creighton. You're going to make a comeback whether you sign with us or not, if that's what you really want."

She didn't look remotely convinced of that. "Yeah right."

"I am right."

"My mom says that I'm done. That I've completely ruined my career." Her face changed, every line deepening, wrinkles and a world weariness coloring her eyes that seemed like too much for someone her age. "My little sister is her latest project. Maybe she'll get it right this time."

I didn't miss the contradiction. "I thought you hadn't spoken to her since your birthday."

She pulled her long hair into a low bun, her eyes narrowing. "The media's already called me plenty. Brat. Idiot. Washed Up. Might as well add liar to the mix."

I leaned on the counter, dropping my chin in my palm. "I guess it's genetic then."

"What is?"

"Lying."

She reared back a little, double taking. "Excuse me?"

"You lied, and apparently so did your mother." She looked confused and it was morphing into anger so I explained. "Your career isn't over, Mia."

"Oh geez," she huffed, breezing from the main room to the next and coming back with a black bean bag. She dumped it near the fireplace and slumped down onto it. "I guess this is the moment where you tell me that if at first you don't succeed blah blah blah, rough patch, blah blah?"

"Nope." I kicked off my pumps before padding over to where she was slouched, watching me cautiously. I dropped to the floor a few feet from her, folding my legs beneath me. "This is where I tell you that it's not easy and if you're not ready to put in the work, don't."

"So reverse psychology, then?"

I slashed the air with a hand, dismissing that. "You've got enough people trying to get in your head. I'm not one of them. I just want to be the one person that tells you the truth."

"Is that right?"

I dipped my head. "Yep."

She sat up a little, her expression softening. "So what did your people say about me?"

"They wanted to send you to a spa, give you a bunch of swag, and sell Whitmore and Creighton to you."

"Wow," she snickered, finally looking like a kid. It was a good look for her. "And which of those ideas was yours?"

"None of them. I didn't want to do anything."

She didn't buy it. "What? But you're here."

"After you called me." I crooked my thumb over my shoulder. "My purse is too small for a contract and you're the one bringing up Whitmore and Creighton."

"Yeah, but..." Her mouth hung open, her forehead wrinkling as she racked her mind for some way to support her theory that I was there for some bigger agenda or purpose other than helping her.

I didn't even tell Missy I was heading over to see her because something in Mia's voice told me she needed a friend more than a publicist.

Quiet stretched between us as she looked at me, trying to weigh out her options. To trust me or not to trust me.

"Scott's kind of an ass**le, isn't he?" Mia said finally, trying to seem nonchalant. Like it was no biggie.

I guess she was still testing me. Yet the way she chewed on her bottom lip, she was definitely testing herself. Seeing if she could handle the truth.

I couldn't answer why I felt a bond to a girl who seemed intent on scaring me away, but the Scott thing was easy. "Yes, he is."

She sank deeper in the chair. "I confronted him after I saw a video of him talking crap about me. How he told me I needed help. And apparently I pop pills like candy and fired or pushed away anyone that tried to help." Her voice tightened. "Wanna know how he helps me? By buying weed and alcohol and finding me pills when I run out. When I called him out he said--" Her nostrils flared as she balled the hands on her knees into fists. "He said he should've just let me die." She spit out a bitter laugh. "Great friend, huh? My f**king hero."

I wouldn't be the one that said I told you so. I knew if there were any parts of her that doubted his intentions, he'd proven what kind of person he was. But this wasn't a victory. There were so few people she had in her life that wouldn't gladly sign up to be a close source in some tabloid story. Sometimes the most toxic person imaginable can seem better than facing life alone.

"He's my only friend. How pathetic is that?" she whispered, sucking on her bottom lip sadly. "I never got close to my costars because Mom was always there, telling me that I was better than them. That if I wanted to be the best I didn't have time for friends. I didn't believe her, not really, but you just don't question her. Ever."

"But you did," I told her. "You got your own place--"

"And I still can't bring myself to change my number. Or not answer her calls. Or tell her to go to hell. Because even though she's the freaking worst, she's my mom. She's the only person I got."

"That's where you're wrong, Mia." I glanced up at her. "You've got me."

"You?" she snorted. "You're my publicist."

"Did you sign something I didn't know about?" I challenged, standing up with a groan as my muscles popped. Served me right. The only exercise I'd been getting was of the bedroom variety. "You got anything to eat here? I'm starving."

She was still considering what I said, but she managed a no.

I went to my purse and pulled out my cell, my heart swelling in my chest when she got up and walked over to join me with a smile on her face. A real smile.

"Pizza it is."

Section Seven

"There's a Mrs. Whitmore here to see you. I'm sending her back."

The line went dead before I could tell Natasha that under no circumstances did I want her to send Jacob's mother to my office. Figures. If I were anyone else she would have checked with me first, but I was Leila Montgomery, her sworn enemy or whatever. Apparently the play nice at work thing Missy and I were trying out hadn't trickled down to her friend.

I had bigger fish to fry than Natasha's attitude. Two knocks sounded at my door and I didn't need two guesses to figure out that it was Alicia. I jumped to my feet then sat back down and opened every folder on my desk. Maybe if I looked really busy she'd go away. I doubted she'd come all the way here just to bother me. We'd trade barbs and she'd slink off to Jacob's office to tell him what a huge mistake he was making if he married me.

I might as well get it over with. "It's open."

She strutted into my office, wearing head to toe cream, pairing a sheer blouse with wide leg trousers. Her salt and pepper hair was held back with a pair of oversized shades and her gray eyes stormed as she took me in, paying no mind to my desk as she eased into one of the chairs in front of me.

"I hope I'm not intruding,."

I didn't even bother playing this little cat and mouse game. "Would it matter if you were?"

"Not really," she answered, at least doing me a favor by not pretending this was some sort of social call between friends. "I know you're a busy girl so I'll get to it." Right. She said it like she thought the extent of my busy-ness was trolling the internet for new ways to spend Jacob's money. "I've been following that poor actress' story through the news."

I raised an eyebrow, guessing she was talking about Mia, but not sure why she would care.

She pulled her shades from the crown of her head, black and gray layers moving to frame her face. "I'm unfamiliar with her work, honestly."

"That's not surprising," I commented, closing folders since this obviously wasn't gonna be a drive by situation. "You don't strike me as a fan of teen shows." Or happiness and joy.

"Hmm," she mused with a chuckle. "Right. Still, I found myself drawn to the child's story. Very tragic."

"Well, the media does a good job of playing it up for ratings."

"I'm sorry, is suicide not a serious issue?" Her painted lips were a burgundy line of disapproval.

Alicia Whitmore disapproving of anything was a problem for me and I was not gonna be lectured about the seriousness of suicide by her. Not after what Jacob told me.

"You tell me, Alicia. Is suicide a serious issue?"

Her face paled slightly and the grin that curled her lips cut as she recovered. "You and Jacob have been talking I see."

"That's right," I fired back. "Healthy couples talk about things." My voice was already high and agitated, my emotions on my sleeve. "I suppose you're unfamiliar with that concept, given your history." It should have been a zing, plus one to Leila, but it just felt mean. I could see the effect the words had on her despite her best efforts and it made me feel guilty. She'd probably celebrate if I fell off the face of the earth yet she was making me feel like a horrible person. Ugh.

Alicia rolled her shoulders back, shrugging away my comment. "You're young, Leila. You know nothing of what a healthy relationship really entails. Or how something good can turn rotten."

"True. But I know I'd never use mental illness as a way to control my husband and child."

"Fair enough, but how can you know how married life will change you? How the years will change Jacob?"

I hated to admit that Alicia Whitmore got anything right but if I put aside my intense dislike of the woman, I knew she had a point. I did wonder how marriage would change things. I knew he was a good man and that he loved me, but his childhood scarred him. I felt like I was still peeling back layers of the things that shaped him. That haunted him. As much as I wanted to believe our love could conquer all, it couldn't fix the holes in his heart.

I'd never tell her that.

Ever.

I drummed my nails on the top of my desk. "I'm very busy, Alicia. What is it that you want?"

"Mia Kent--" I let out a groan but she held up a hand. "--Let me finish." Her face changed, looking almost...human.

I pulled my hands to my lap. I guess I'd let her talk. I was slightly curious where this was going. "Okay."

"Her story reminds me of myself." When I ducked my chin down a few inches and gave her the most incredulous look I could muster, she added, "Not that. When I was younger. When Carlton and I first married.

I told you about how in love I was, but I talked like we never had any good times. Like he was always cheating." She gave me a hint of a smile, lips curling into something that resembled something genuine. "You should have seen us. We turned heads." She twisted her mouth to the side, her eyes twinkling at some memory of then. "Turned stomachs. We kissed so much our lips were practically glued together. And we couldn't keep our hands off each other. A year in and people thought we were newlyweds. I couldn't stop smiling I was so happy."

Smiling? Happy? Both were words that just didn't line up with the cold woman I knew.

"The first time he cheated, I was numb. It wasn't real. It wasn't happening to me. Sure, he had a reputation, but he broke other woman's hearts. Not mine. Not his wife." She brought a finger to her ear and started spinning her pearl earring. "It didn't help that he promised me it wouldn't happen again. That he loved me. So I shrugged it off as something that happens. The price I had to pay for how great things were 99% of the time." She stopped fiddling with her earring, her face darkening. "And then he did it again."

I didn't want to pity this woman. She'd been awful to me. And as far as Jacob? There were no words to describe my anger at the way she'd treated him. The way she was still trying to control him. But I was human and I couldn't help but feel sorry for her.

"The second time was different," she continued, crossing one slender leg over the other. "And it wasn't the fact that the woman was my best friend. That rolled right off me. That meant nothing. It was the lie that hurt. Feeling like I wasn't enough. Wondering if this would really be my life--never having him fully. I felt like such an idiot for thinking infidelity was the price of doing business. That I was dumb enough to think that it was just a one-time thing.

I looked myself in the mirror and wondered if it was me. If I wasn't pretty enough. Sexy enough. Just...enough." She rose to her feet, unbuttoning the cuff of her sleeve then slowly rolling it back to her elbow.

She held out her arm toward me, the pale skin smooth and luminescent.

I quirked an eyebrow. "What am I looking for exactly?"

"Look closer."

We were already too close for comfort, but I inched a little closer, squinting. My mouth opened in shock as I made out the delicate lines near the crease where her forearm met her bicep. Tiny silver scars that were nearly faded, making them easy to miss. Now I couldn't help but see.

I peered up at her in disbelief. "You were a cutter?"

She yanked her sleeve back down like she was embarrassed by the term. "I was just overwhelmed. I couldn't control him. I couldn't control the way he made me feel or my inability to leave him. But that..." She buttoned the cuff in a single motion. "I could do that. But each new betrayal and I sliced a little deeper, wanting to drag it along my wrists. Wanting to..." She cleared her throat and gave her head a shake like she was clearing out the images and feelings. When her eyes opened and met mine it was almost like she hadn't been talking about how she harmed herself. That intricately maintained image was back in place.

"I know that you think I'm a monster, but believe me when I say that Jacob made me happy. When he was a baby and looked up at me with those eyes, his father's eyes--"

Just the sound of Jacob's name was enough to remind me what person in this sordid tale deserved my sympathy. "The things you did to the son you claim you love are horrible."

"I'm not a good mother, I know that. But Carlton--"

I brought up a hand. "Stop right there. Carlton Whitmore was a prick when you met him. You admitted as much. You said he even told you he was bad news. Maybe you were trying to get attention from your parents, feeling adventurous, whatever, but you made the choice to be with him, Alicia. I'm not sorry you did because Jacob is alive because of it and I can't imagine my life without him. He's a great man in spite of you and your husband. He is the only thing that matters to me. Not your sad love story."

"I'm trying to explain that Carlton is the reason--"

"NO!" I snapped, bringing a fist down hard on my desk. The sound was like a gunshot, quieting her. Even I paused for a moment, surprised I'd done it. "You are the reason, Alicia. Your husband cheated because he was horrible, but YOU enabled him by not leaving. You made the choice to stay in an unhappy marriage and bring a child into your messed up reality. You made the choice to punish the son for the sins of his father.

Carlton is dead...he can't atone for what he did. But you're alive and kicking and instead of starting over with your son and trying to be the mother he deserves, you're, well, you."

She locked her jaw, still not hearing me. "I know how this looks from the outside--"

"No you don't. I swear you don't. If you did you wouldn't be in my office right now trying to explain yourself to me," I said, crossing my arms. "You'd be explaining yourself to your son."

If nothing else reached her ears and really sunk in, I hoped it would be that. Hearing about her past, her hurt, it helped me piece together the things that played a role in the woman she'd become. But none of that mattered to me in the long run. Jacob mattered. Her sob story was just that--a river of tears about a society girl who fell for a bad boy. The only thing that made it worth listening to was that they had a child. Jacob.

They could have sat down and determined that they weren't in love and subjecting their child to their unhappiness wasn't fair to him, but that conversation didn't happen and Jacob paid the price. He was the one that grew up thinking that his parents didn't care about him. If Alicia was being honest and there was love there, he deserved to hear that. Not me.

But Alicia didn't even flinch.

She rose to her feet. Chin up. Ice on. "Thank you for your time."

The anger erupted as I hurled a folder at the door as it clicked closed behind her, watching the papers flutter lazily to the floor.

Section Eight

I stood a few feet from the elevator, so excited I felt like I was gonna explode. The doors slid open.

"Surprise!"

His eyes drifted downward, taking in the new piece of furniture I was sitting on, his mouth quirking into a smile. "You brought Mia Kent on as a client. I should be surprising you." The smile broadened.

He really liked it.

A brand new spanking bench.

His briefcase was discarded unceremoniously as he circled the thing. Since I ordered it online, I knew I ran the risk of falling in love with something underwhelming and cheap in person, but the pictures didn't do it justice. The mahogany was rich, the dark stain giving it a sleek, modern edge. The plush leather cushion had a sloping design that catered to a woman's curves. Sterling silver hooks hung below it, waiting for rope or handcuffs or whatever bondage material that tickled one's fancy.

He leaned down, brushing the material, still digesting what stood before him. "You bought this? Had it delivered and assembled?"

I nodded demurely. "Something for us."

Jacob's stony face reaction when I told him about meeting with his mother flashed in my head. I gave the woman the benefit of the doubt, wrongly assuming her conscience would have led her to at least talk to her son instead of putting me in an awkward situation. She hadn't even stopped by his office after paying me a visit, leaving me to tell Jacob that she felt comfortable baring her soul to a stranger that she hated instead of her flesh and blood.

But my exhaustion was more than mental and emotional. Mia made me work for that signature, calling me all hours of the night because she wanted coffee. Wanted to go to some hipster store after hours. Wanted some impossible dish at 2 in the morning. I could barely keep up, but after I got over the slight annoyance at her wearing out my cell, I loved it. Hearing about her past. Sharing my own. It was like having a little sister. But getting her to agree on becoming a client was the easy part. Now it was time for the hard work of rebuilding her career.

I looked up at Jacob, his eyes bright as a kid's with a shiny new toy. Tonight wasn't about his mother or Mia or anything else but the two of us. Tonight was about submission.

I was ready. My hair was down, wild and free the way he liked it. I had nothing on other than a ruby red lacy chemise that made my skin look rich and supple. He picked up the cuffs I had sitting on the cushion beside me, just waiting to be secured around my wrists. And my body? He hadn't even touched me yet and I trembled. My br**sts ached, ni**les swollen against the sultry material that bound them. Goosebumps spread with every breath I took. My core clenched when he stepped closer. I was already so wet, so ready that I was surprised I didn't slip right off the bench.

He tugged his tie loose, eyes drinking me in nice and slow. "The bench is lovely, Leila." I closed my eyes as his fingers sifted through my curls. "You're lovely."

I knew he thought I was beautiful. Found my curls and curves sexy. He could barely keep his hands off me in the morning when my hair was sticking out all over the place and I wore the ratty t-shirt that hugged me in ways that used to make me feel self-conscious. But lovely meant something else tonight. I saw it shining in his eyes as his fingers drifted to my cheek and he traced my jawline, hitting the edge but repeating it like he couldn't bear to stop touching me. Lovely had nothing to do with what was on the outside. He saw what was beneath. He saw me.

He raised my chin and took my lips in his, his tongue melting against mine. The ache between my legs grew and he paused, smiling against my lips. He could read my body like an open book.

"I want to see you." His voice deepened, the timbre making my core clench with recognition. His bedroom voice. Low. Sensual. "All of you."

I went to yank the straps down, caution and decorum fading as I let my lust take the wheel.

Jacob's hand covered mine, stopping me. "Slowly." His tone had hints of amusement as he released me and stood back. "We have plenty of time and plenty to do, Leila. Take it easy."

I felt a flash of rebellion at his flagrant disregard at my attempt to show how badly I wanted him. Take it easy? With him standing there, watching me strip with that heat in his eyes? My own darted to his crotch and it did nothing but make me more impatient. His erection made the throb turn into an overpowering ache. I could make out every thickened inch, wrapping around his thigh, piercing the tailored seams.

I looked up from the yummy bulge, hoping a stern look from him would calm me down, but there was no such luck. The cool mask of my dominant was cracked. His lips were parted, trembling ever so slightly. Blue eyes watched me intently, like he was daring me to mouth off. Hoping for it.

I didn't disappoint.

I hitched a breath, feigning shock as I yanked the strap down, heart thumping when I heard the static sound as the material ripped and my breast sprung free. I glared at him disobediently, taking in the hard set of his jaw before I pointedly dropped my eyes to his erection.

I bit my lips. "Oops."

I'd been so sure directly disobeying him would have provoked him. He would come closer, knot his fingers in my hair and order me to flip over so he could show me what happened when I forgot my place. It's what had me watching every line of his face, practically chanting silently for them to tighten. Looking into the eyes that pierced, waiting for them to blaze. But he just stood there, face blank. No, not blank--unimpressed. Bored.

And I'd just ripped my brand new chemise.

He was definitely playing hard to get. Usually my punishment was immediate. I'd already be pressed into the cushion. Strapping me down would be irrelevant because I wouldn't be going anywhere. My whole body would be taut, heart beating in my ears as I waited for the whistle as his hand cut through the air and collided with my ass.

But right now, I was still upright. Butt in the wrong direction. Not breathing through the strikes as pain met molten pleasure. Right now all I felt was frustration.

I had no need of stony faced Jacob, watching me intently when it was clear I was in need of some hard loving. Maybe it wasn't clear...so I jerked the other side down, the material slinking to my waist. Both br**sts exposed, chest heaving as I glared at him defiantly.

Spank me. Punish me. Just take me. "What are you waiting for?"

His cool eyes dropped to his cuff and he slowly rolled up his sleeves. "This little display was endearing at first. You know how I love it when you beg. Usually, I'm so caught up in you I let your obvious attempts at lording your will over me slide." He leaned in and I closed my eyes, giddy at the thought of him punishing me, but he reached beside me, tugging at one of the hooks on the bench.

"This bench is a sign of a lifestyle. One where a submissive gives control, her being, over to her lover. Her Dominant." His eyes narrowed. "How have you given yourself over to me? All I see is a petulant child trying to provoke me. It is a waste, Leila. You know how this ends, with you on your stomach, ass in the air. Why force my hand?" He gave me a wilting look when I remained quiet. "Now you choose to listen? Answer my question."

Because the patience is a virtue stuff is BS. I censored my answer. "I just want you, Jacob."

"And I want your submission." He brought his index finger to his chin, tapping it lightly as he thought something over. "Perhaps I should send you downstairs to check the mail as you are. Go for a drive with you wearing nothing at all beside me."

Heat tingled in my cheeks at the thought of being na**d in public. Being seen. "Jacob..."

"You've forgotten what submission is," he cut in smoothly. "It's more than rough sex, Leila. More than being tied up and tied down. It's pushing limits. Exploring your sexuality." He snapped his fingers. "Get up."

I snapped to my feet, not sure what to expect. I definitely wasn't expecting him to step around me and pick up the bench and walk toward the...

Oh my god.

He was taking it outside to the patio.

Memories of touching myself on the wicker chair, my nerves, and the way it felt to release my inhibitions rocked me. Touching myself was one thing, but Jacob spanking me out there? I was rooted firmly in place, the old, familiar pangs of apprehension back.

He stepped back through the French doors, wearing an evil smile. "What's the problem? I thought you couldn't wait to try out the spanking bench?" The smile hardened. "Isn't that why you disobeyed me?"

I bit my lip, keeping my retort to myself. He knew better than anyone how self-conscious I got when I thought anyone was watching.

That's the whole point, Lay. Pushing your limits. Jacob taking charge instead of the other way around.

It didn't help psych me up for what he wanted to do out there.

I took a few steps forward, bringing my working strap back up, using my other hand to cover my other breast. "I shouldn't have provoked you. I just really want you. Wanted this."

He leaned against the doorway, his steely eyes telling me it was too little, too late. "And I want you. I plan on spanking you, Leila. Right out there."

My throat tightened. It was dinnertime and it was perfect windows open weather. There were probably even people out on their patios. Before, I worried we might be heard. There was no longer a maybe. We would be heard.

Section Nine

I breathed in and out and moved forward. My body was already on board. I just had to get my head to catch up.

He was watching my movements, passion flickering in his eyes as I came closer. He shifted to the side, stopping me from stepping outside. His eyes glittered down at me, heat radiating from him.

He cupped the sides of my face. "Take off the dress."

I kept my eyes on him, letting go of my hold on the material. Watching him drink it up as I pulled it over my h*ps and let it fall the rest of the way. His eyes worked over the contours of my body and the only thing that kept me from gripping him or doing some physical version of 'now what?' was the fact that I saw he was fighting to keep himself from touching me. From taking me right on the spot.

He stepped to the side and I slid past, willing myself to look at the spanking bench and not the building on the other side of the bustling street.

I concentrated on everything else. How the breeze stroked my na**d body, delicious against my alert nerves. The sounds of the city instead of my heart roaring in my ears. The smell of the air. Of Jacob coming up behind me. Of his fingers tracing my spine.

"I wish you could see how beautiful you look, Leila." His voice was so low, stroking me as gently as his fingers. "Have you tried out the bench?"

"Yes sir," I said softly, stepping forward and straddling it. As much as I could anyway. Positioning my body near the end, leg on each side and lowering. There were a few key differences. I'd been clothed then. And even though I'd imagined what it'd be like to ease my body forward until it was flush against the bench and feel him beside me, fantasy paled in comparison to reality.

The strokes lengthened, his path angling toward my bottom until his fingers drew up the rounded curve, kneading it and making me squirm.

"Are you ready?"

I must have said 'yes sir' because there would have been repercussions if I hadn't. I was in a daze, lowering myself on the bench.

I strained my neck, fingertips millimeters from the pavement. Tingling. I was completely exposed but I wasn't thinking about any eyes that could be pointed in our direction. The little voice in my head whispered that my zen at being na**d on a bench on the patio was because no one could see me. And if they could, all I could see was the cement.

But it was more than that. I trusted Jacob. And even though I was still coming to terms with the part of me that seemed to love pushing the envelope, doing things that would make the old vanilla part of me blush, it was the fact that I was listening to that side that made me smile. My dark, kinky side. The piece of me that was counting down the seconds, aching for him to spank me.

"Do I need to get restraints?"

"No sir," I said without hesitation. I would lie there and take it. I wasn't gonna run. Not that I would get very far anyway since the railing was only a few inches away.

"Good girl," he said huskily. I shivered when his hand rested on my lower back, pleasure vibrating through me. "You will count...and use your color if you need it."

The hand was creeping downward, cupping my cheeks and my eyes rolled back in my head. We hadn't even gotten to the main event and already I felt like I could come on the spot. The hand tightened, a piece of flesh blooming as pain snapped me from my daze.

"Are you listening?" he asked sternly.

Uh oh. "No sir." I clenched my fists as the pinch intensified, grounding me.

"Don't let that happen again," he admonished me.

I squeezed my eyes shut, my body tensing. "I'm sorry." As soon as 'sorry' dropped from my lips he released me and traded the pinch for tender strokes.

"Are you ready to begin?"

I relaxed my fists, fingers spreading out. Trembling with anticipation. "Yes sir."

The first strike was a whisper, lust curling around me, its slice making my core weep. "One."

I drew a shaky breath as the second landed, any fog officially cleared as my bottom tingled.

"Three." The tickle became a sting, pinpricks lighting along the surface.

Four spread them, making me bite my lip.

Five...well, five showed me that this was no game at all. I felt every inch of his hand throbbing against my skin, even after he retracted.

Six and I bit down on my lip, connecting the pain on my behind with the new slice of it that clutched my lip.

Seven and my mouth was open, a silent cry echoing through me. I felt his need to release, to take me to the edge with every strike.

Eight.

Nine.

Ten.

I wanted to hold on, to surrender to the bliss of pain; that moment where the two stark emotions bled into one another. Between my legs I knew I could go there and beyond. I was already spiraling out of control, my cl**ax a word away. But the rest of me was on fire.

"Yellow," I said hoarsely when we hit seventeen. Louder. "Yellow."

Eighteen didn't come and when I heard his footsteps retreat I almost leapt up and told him that I took it back. I missed it. I felt like that was crazy, the rational, thinking part of me wondered what screw was loose that made me entertain the thought of him coming back and wailing on me until I went numb. To abandon everything but the count. To focus on nothing except us. But I didn't move from the bench, using the moments to breathe, to stretch out my fingers and toes.

His feet reappeared beside me, a finger stroking a curl before I heard the click sound of a top being flipped.

"This may be cold."

I sucked in a breath behind my teeth as I felt the chill of the medicated lotion, the stuff tingling as it warmed, smoothing away the last tendrils of pain. He bent down beside me, his face level to mine. Blue eyes searched me, the concern making me smile.

"You alright?" My smile broadened just as a tear sprung free and he leaned forward, cupping my cheek as he paled. "God, Leila if it was too much you should have--"

I shook my head adamantly. "It wasn't. I used it when I needed to." I felt my ni**les aching, the place inside me unfulfilled. "In fact, I, uh..."

His fingers drew to my chin, thumb sweeping across my bottom lip. "You want more, huh?"

I clenched between my legs, nodding enthusiastically. "Yes sir."

He smirked, his eyes dark with mischief. "You are insatiable, Leila Montgomery."

I bat my eyelashes at him boldly. "Have you seen yourself lately? I didn't stand a chance."

He stood up, gesturing for me to join him. My limbs should have felt like jello but I was so into him, into feeling him that I practically leapt to my feet, feeling sure. Confident. How could I not be with him looking at me that way?

"For curiosity's sake, if I let you take the reins, what would be next?"

My eyes darted to his groin then back up before I asked him coyly, "May I show you?"

"By all means."

I reached forward, slowly pulling his belt loose and holding onto his heated gaze as I pulled down the zipper. I slid my hand inside his boxers, moaning behind my lips when I gripped him, hand barely able to fit around the engorged bulge. His jaw tightened, still fighting to maintain control but when I started sliding up and down the shaft, his mouth opened as he looked down at me, a low moan hanging in the space between us.

"I want to take you in my mouth," I said softly.

His lips trembled but his voice was steady and authoritative. Just like I liked it.

"Then get on your knees."

I lowered my body slowly, bringing his pants with me. They pooled at his feet and he stepped out of them, offering me some barrier between my knees and the cement. Not that I would have felt discomfort. I was focused on nothing other than the way he twitched and throbbed in my hand.

I took him firmly in one hand and leaned forward, tongue dancing over the slit, the velvety taste of him coating my tongue. I let my tongue roam around the mushroom tip, lingering when his muscles flexed and his c**k thumped in approval. I brought my other hand to the base of him, pumping in tandem with my mouth. His hand knotted in my hair as he drug me up and down the length. His grip reminded me that even though he was wildly thrusting his hips, a slave to my mouth, he was still running things.

He brought me back to my feet as his balls tightened, heart lurching to my throat. "Inside."

We barely made it back through the door. My fingers were flying down the row of buttons, not stopping until I saw his hardened chest. It was discarded, the boxers next as we dashed up the staircase. He spun me around and slammed me against the wall, inches from the bed. We were so close but he was already spreading me, fingers plunging inside like he was tired of waiting. I leaned back against the wall, neck fully exposed as I swirled my hips. The fingers were so deep that I was gasping for air, hands clawing at his chest as he filled me before retreating. Eyes watching. Love burning in the blue.

He drove his digits in me, voice deep as sin, speaking the fact of my state of cl**ax. "You're close."

I couldn't speak so I shook my head and moaned.

He pulled me from the wall and threw me onto the bed, chest heaving. Every beautiful, hardened vein popped beneath the skin of him.

When I brought my knees up his eyes devoured the heat between my legs before he rushed into the divide, spreading me as he gripped my h*ps and thrust inside of my sex.

The feel of him moving, pounding me into the mattress coursed as wildly as the blood in my veins. Every inch brought a new sensation.

As soon as my eyes fluttered closed, I snapped them back open and he smiled his approval. He wanted to look at me, peel back every layer until there was only me. And it wasn't a one sided thing. As he rocked into me, he let me know him. See things no one else got to see. The raw emotion that rippled across his face. Wide open vulnerability. The truth that a man with everything guarded but couldn't hide when we were so close our souls touched.

He plunged deeper, filling me to the hilt.

"If I ever lost you..." He slowly drew out and slammed back inside me, a moan ripping through his body. It was raw emotion. Anguish. Need.

I brought my hands up, gripping the globes of his ass. Digging my fingers in possessively. I didn't want to ever lose him either. I was his...and he was mine. "You won't. Ever."

He switched positions, taking my legs from his h*ps and vaulting them to his chest. I was parallel, a foot on each side of his head.

He moved back inside me, my body reaching for him, clenching him as he filled every part of me. I looked up at him, every perfect line of his face connected to me.

His lush lips formed a single word. Together.

I hoped it meant what I thought because when I felt his release I let go, my body clamping, clenching, tingling and alive with love for him. So much love I swear my heart would explode.

We slumped onto the sheets, breathing still labored, speech impossible. But we didn't need words. He brought me to his chest and I smiled as I listened to his racing heart, closing my eyes.

Section Ten

I flipped up the collar of my jacket, the night air crisp. Jacob's arm rounded my shoulder, pulling me close before I even shivered, his body warmth radiating over me. Perfect. Not that we needed it. The night was already perfect. I was still recovering from the aftershocks of what we'd done on the terrace. Up against the wall. In the bed. And then the leg thing in the shower.

And then there was this night. Stars blinking in the sky. People zipping past, love, life bustling around every corner. It was almost enough to make me forget that me and Jacob weren't just spending a night out, enjoying some post coital tingles and winks over a cup of coffee.

"You're the one that told me I should be open to her. That I should give her a chance to explain."

"Yeah, but--"

"Five minutes. And the moment she says anything offensive, which will probably be less than five minutes in, it's done."

I'd let out a begrudging okay, wishing I could take back my attempts at rebuilding bridges. After the night we had, anything happening that could diminish the high I was on made me want to kick and scream.

We stopped at the crosswalk in front of the coffee shop. We were that much closer to the end of this buzz.

I perked up on my toes and pressed my lips against his cheek. Lingering. Inhaling the warm, dry smell of him.

He peered down at me with a smile. "What was that for?"

Just because would have been romantic. The truth was decidedly less so. "For courage."

His smile faltered, but the hand wrapped around mine tightened reassuringly. "It'll be okay."

The signal beeped for us to cross and I exhaled as the world around me changed. The sounds that I'd loved before were suddenly too loud and grating. Instead of ignoring the people that seemed too close before, I glared at the backs of those who hustled past, invading my personal space. When we stepped inside the coffee shop, the usually welcome aroma of coffee beans was overwhelming.

We scanned the room, seeing no one that looked out of place. Just the usual coffee shop patrons. Businessman on a blackberry. Young people in beanies, gripping lattes.

"Why don't you go and find us somewhere to sit?" Jacob asked, watching me carefully.

I nodded and scoped out the unoccupied spaces. There was a small two seater near the back. Near the bathroom if I needed to put a wall between us. But that meant close proximity to Alicia.

There was an L shaped couch with a rectangular table near the middle, people sitting at the single tables around it. More space and the fact people were a few feet away would help Alicia keep things in perspective...and give us witnesses if she tried anything.

I slumped down into the seat, bringing my nails to my mouth as I stared at the door. Like he knew exactly what I was doing, Jacob stepped into my line of sight, giving me a steely look.

I rolled my eyes and cut my attention back to the front, looking at some painfully abstract painting before going back to biting my nails.

Jacob came over, ball cap barely shielding his intense blue eyes. Not that anyone here was of the squealing, picture snapping variety. His disguise was still hot. He wore a heather gray tee and deep blue jeans that fit him perfectly. The women perked as he walked by, eyes on his ass.

He held out my coffee. "I got you an extra shot."

"Thank god," I murmured, cradling the cup between my hands. I gave him a sidelong look. "And thank you."

"No problem." He lowered himself to the cushion beside me, already sipping his drink. He was trying to seem ambivalent but I knew he was more nervous than he let on. His foot tapped out a staccato beat and he just couldn't keep still.

"It's gonna be alright," I said, even though I was already running through all the ways this meeting could go wrong. None of them had to do with the inevitable jabs she'd make about me. They were all about her little remarks about Jacob. About his father. I couldn't deal with that. Not after I learned about his past. Which meant I might have to give up my pacifist ways and take Alicia out.

He glanced at his Rolex. "Maybe she'll stand us up. See the address and decide it's a little too middle class for her taste."

I gave him a chuckle even though I could hear in his voice that wasn't what he wanted at all. As much as he acted like he couldn't stand his mother, there was a part of him that cared about her. That wanted her to do right by him.

I put my coffee on the table, putting a hand on his knee. Steadying him. Maybe me and Alicia's talk shook something loose. Chiseled through the ice. Helped her find her heart.

The door swung open.

We were about to find out.

I nearly spit out my coffee when I saw that she was in an oversized white shirt and denim leggings. Her salt and pepper hair was held back by a flowered hair scarf and oversized Jackie O shades were over her eyes. I guess that was the only thing remotely Alicia Whitmore-like about her get-up. Wearing sunglasses at 10 at night.

She saw us and flashed a brief smile before turning to the barista and giving him her order.

Jacob glanced at me, his expression glum. "Here we go."

I brought my coffee to my lips, taking a hearty gulp and wishing I had some wine. A shot. An extra something-something to prepare me.

She started in our direction and the closer she got more waves of dread crashed into me until I sat there, stomach knotted, water up to my chin.

"It's so great to see you two."

Up to my mouth. Choking because the BS was too much. It was freaking unbearable. "Please don't."

She feigned innocence as she sat down in the seat opposite us. "What? I can't be cordial?"

I felt the anger stifling me. Jacob and I could still be in bed, away from her toxicity. "Why don't we try something different? Something real maybe?"

Jacob put his hand over mine. "Calm down, Leila."

I bristled until I looked at him and saw the strain. I wasn't helping things. I was making things worse. The eyes that were turned on us weren't looking at Alicia. They were ogling me.

I leaned back, taking a few breaths and tried to ignore the patronizing smirk on Alicia's lips.

She got comfortable, bringing her cup to her nose and inhaling before she looked at us. "This place is very--" Poor? Unbearable. Beneath you? "--Quaint."

I rolled my eyes and brought my cup to my lips to snuff out the smart comment rising in my throat.

"Do you two come here often?"

I let out a disgusted sigh, dropping my coffee on the table and crossing my arms.

"Is there a reason you asked us here?" The tightness in Jacob's voice was proof he was tired of this game too.

Alicia put down her cup, her eyes looking back and forth between the two of us. "I'm trying here."

"Trying what?" Jacob asked gruffly.

"To be nice."

Oh geez. I opened my mouth but the snort Jacob let out was incredulous enough for the both of us. "Nice? Since when?"

Her eyes glittered. "Is there no point in trying? Is that what you're saying, Jacob? Should I not even waste my time?" Her voice was as chilly as her glare. "How about I talk about how I don't appreciate walking in this part of town after dark? Or how I can't stand this hole in the wall with its amateur artwork, artsy fartsy music or the fact that we can't have a conversation without strangers catching the gist of it? Let's talk about why your own mother wasn't allowed to come to your home."

"You weren't allowed in our home because the last two times you walked through the door you insulted me and my fiance," Jacob said without blinking. "Home is supposed to be a safe place. Where family belongs...and you haven't been my family for a long time."

I looked at him, stroking his knee, seeing how riled up he was getting. Was she really so oblivious that she couldn't see the negative effect she was having on him?

"You don't mean that," she said in a huff.

"Why did you want to meet us here?" He spoke every word distinctly, a warning in his tone.

Her patrician features were tight. Genuinely taken aback. If I didn't know her I'd almost feel bad. She walked through the door legitimately expecting a warm reception. Like we'd chat it up over coffee even though she'd done nothing but treat her son like crap and tried to drive a wedge between the two of us.

Her mouth was slightly open, flabbergasted. "I wanted to start over."

"Just like that?" Jacob said acidly. "You woke up and decided what, we're supposed to act like nothing has happened? I'm supposed to act like nothing happened?"

She sat back slightly, her cheeks reddening. "No, I just...I'm..."

Holy crap. Was she really about to use the 's' word? I leaned forward, not believing it. Needing to hear it.

"I'm sorry." She faced me. "You've been kind to me, nicer than I've ever been to you. I had no right treat you the way I have." She slowly turned her attention to Jacob. "Son, I--"

Her voice cracked and I felt Jacob's muscles tense. I cautioned a look at his face and he was struggling to act like he could care less about whatever she was about to say, but he cared. His chin trembled slightly before he tore his eyes away from her and looked at me.

I looked into his eyes and saw the question. If he could trust her. If she would hurt him again. I didn't have an answer for him, but I gazed back and told him what I knew with absolute certainty. That I loved him and I'd be there. No matter what.

His chin stilled and he glanced back at her, holding my hand and waiting for his mother to collect herself.

Alicia sniffled, her gray eyes wet with tears. "I can't change the past and the things I've done to you, Jacob. I am truly sorry."

The silence hung between us. She looked at him hopefully, but he didn't say a thing. Surely she didn't expect to apologize and have him take her in his arms, all the terrible things forgiven, just like that. Even if he loved her and wanted to believe she meant it, it would take time.

She went to her purse, ruffling through the contents. "You don't have to say anything. Either of you." She pulled out a small square box.

I gasped, recognizing the size and shape.

A ring box.

Jacob's voice was barely audible. "Is that--?"

"Your grandmother's ring," she finished, a tear weaving down her cheek. "She would have wanted you to have it. And if she knew what I'd done--" She shivered, like she felt a chill. If ghosts were a real thing, Jacob's grandmother would have haunted her ass relentlessly.

Alicia wiped away her tear with her free hand and with the other, held out the box to Jacob. "It's yours. It should have always been yours."

Alicia wiped away her tear with her free hand and with the other, held out the box to Jacob. "It's yours. It should have always been yours."

