"You deserve this," I told myself quietly as I pulled the slinky number over my sweaty skin. I didn't sound too convincing, so I tried again. "You deserve this."

I smoothed the front of the last dress, the chiffon tight in the bodice and the h*ps until it flared out at the hem. The color reminded me of red wine and when I spun, it swished around my knees.

Each dress I'd stepped into over the last hour was more beautiful than the one before and every one fit me like sin. But the excitement of wearing dresses I'd only seen in magazines paled in comparison to how I felt when I displayed them for Jacob's approval. His deep blue eyes drank me up, inch by inch, and in his long stares, I saw myself. I felt beautiful. Desired. I was his.

We'd shut down Le Magnifique on Fifth street because Jacob Whitmore, the billionaire at the helm of Whitmore and Creighton PR agency, couldn't shop among mere mortals and before we headed to Venice for the film festival, I had to have a new wardrobe.

I'd stolen glances at the price tags so I knew the tally, but I still couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe there were people out there that could spend hundreds of dollars on a bolt of fabric and I definitely couldn't believe that I had an allowance for such things now. All because I'd tripped in my stupid shoes.

I brought my chocolate curls off my neck, biting my lip as I remembered the fear bubbling in my gut as he marched me down the stairwell after our run in. Who knew that the guy I'd lusted after since I decided to study public relations was not only tenacious when it came to business but also when it came to needs of the flesh?

I rocked slowly from side to side to the classical music humming from the overhead speakers, letting the memory of his hands do their work. This dress wasn't meant for board meetings, after all. It was made to set fire to the dance floor. Jacob would own the moves as we spun and every twirl, dip, and heated gaze would tell me all the ways he would make love to me when we were alone.

Jesus. Make love?

I dropped my hair and gave the wide eyed girl staring back at me a stern look. I had to stop thinking like that. It was clear that 'love' had nothing to do with our arrangement. I agreed to be his submissive. To submit to him sexually. And hell, two hours ago I could barely do that.

I heard his deep voice filtering through the door and the area between my thighs immediately came alive. Instead of focusing on the fact that I was being given a prime opportunity to take the fast track as far as my career was concerned, I couldn't think about anything except the things I wanted him to do to my body when he was near.

I kept kicking myself for dragging my feet in his office earlier when I saw that look in his eyes. That look said he wanted to f**k me until I couldn't even walk straight. To possess me. Now I was just biding my time until I got another chance to say yes.

Snap out of it, I admonished myself. He's just a guy. A rich, incredibly attractive guy with a sexual appetite that intrigues you, but in the end, he's just a guy. But there was no explaining away the number he'd done on me. He had me off kilter. Off balance. And I had a feeling that I had to be on my A game with Jacob Whitmore.

"Miss Montgomery?" The haughty voice of the attendant assisting me, Skye, brought me from the ramblings in my head back to the mirror.

"Yes?" I said, not even bothering to hide my wariness.

"Do you need any help? Zipping something up, clipping something together if it's the wrong size?"

I rolled my eyes at the last bit before I did a twirl, the dress more beautiful in motion. She wasn't going to ruin this moment for me--not this dress. "I'm fine, thanks."

Naturally, she took it as a 'come on in' and burst into the dressing room.

"Just making sure everything fits-" The word hung in the air as the door clicked shut behind her and her heavily mascaraed eyes popped from her head. "-Perfectly."

Skye had been making backhanded comments about my figure all day, going on and on about how I filled out every inch. She was the kind of woman that looked at anyone who wasn't a size 0 like they had a predisposition toward laziness.

She'd also been making googly eyes at Jacob since we'd walked into the door. It made me angrier than I liked to admit, but I took a measure of comfort in the fact that he seemed completely uninterested. Instead of taking the hint, she just bat her eyelashes even harder. It was obvious she wasn't convinced of the spell he was under.

Well, I thought deliciously as I stood a little taller, until now.

She cleared her throat and did a slow circuit around me. She was probably looking for some love handle or thread pulled too tight. "The dress is positively lovely on you, Miss Montgomery!"

I smiled at the compliment that wasn't really one, choosing to ignore the utter shock she'd bundled it in. "It's definitely my favorite."

"And rightfully so," she said with a nod. She stepped up behind me, her eyes burning into mine. "How long did you say you've been working for Mr. Whitmore?"

"I didn't," I replied cryptically.

"Oh." She glanced away, nothing cryptic in the way her face scrunched in concern. "I see."

I turned to face her, getting the feeling that she had something on her chest. "Not that it's really any of your business, but I was promoted a few hours ago."

"And you're already getting the VIP treatment?" The smile on her lips didn't get near her olive eyes. "You must be something special."

It was obvious that she meant another word that started with an 's'. Before I could open my mouth to respond, she dropped her volume to a low, confidential level. "If you want a piece of advice, enjoy the perks while they last."

My nostrils flared as I crossed my arms against my chest, suddenly feeling bare and exposed in spite of my pricey frock. "I don't remember asking for anything from you."

She held her hands up, feigning innocence. "I'm just trying to help, sweetie. I thought you'd want to know that Mr. Whitmore's assistants don't have a very long shelf life and to stuff your swag bag while you can."

Now, I'm a simple girl who generally has a 'make love, not war' view as far as violence goes. I've only been in one fight my whole life and it lasted all of ten seconds when I bitch slapped Mindy Kennedy for ripping the head off my Barbie in the second grade. But this woman had me imagining all the ways I could wipe the smug satisfaction right off her face.

"Get. Out." The words came from behind clenched teeth which I thought should have been a dead giveaway that she was approaching the danger zone. Infuriatingly enough, she just stood there, like she didn't understand English.

"Is there a problem, Miss Montgomery?"

"I said, GET OUT!"

With an hmph, she finally got the message and turned to exit--but not before Jacob threw open the dressing room door. I was clothed, but my arms still wrapped around the front of my body instinctively. Sleek and composed, only his eyes moved, narrowing in displeasure.

"What the hell is going on in here?" He looked back and forth between us like a parent scolding naughty children.

Neither of us said a word.

"I said, what is going on in here?"

What could I say without sounding juvenile? That I'd fallen for her ploy to get a rise out of me? That I was screaming like someone with no class because she hurt my feelings? I felt the anger seeping from me like air from a balloon and hung my head.

When Skye stepped forward, I expected her to throw me under the bus, but instead, she tried to smooth everything over. "Just a small misunderstanding, Mr. Whitmore." She gave me a smile that said, 'play along'. "Maybe we should give Miss Montgomery some time to-"

"That'll be all," he snapped, dismissing her without another look. He turned to the side and allowed her to leave before shutting the door and turning his ire back on me.

"What was this misunderstanding about, Leila?"

"N-Nothing," I mumbled, still not looking him in the eye.

He snapped his fingers. "When I talk to you I expect you to look at me. I will have your respect."

I raised my chin, shooting daggers his way. "Respect? Like you snapping at me like a dog just now? Or how about your revolving door policy?"

His jaw tightened. "Excuse me?"

"Skye told me how you change your personal assistants like underwear. I better enjoy all of this before you throw me out like trash, right?"

His cerulean eyes flashed with something that looked a lot like hurt before they hardened to sea glass. He blazed forward and I gasped as he backed me against the wall, essentially pinning me in place.

I wanted to say something smart, but my brain couldn't work with him so close to me. The heat of indignation melted and arousal quickly took its place.

His tone was harsh but I felt his lust thump from behind its Armani prison. "I don't appreciate being talked to as if I were the one in your employ."

Staring at him, feeling these powerful, damnable feelings made me want to drop to my knees and submit wholly to him, but the bullheaded part of me wouldn't let me back down.

"W-Well, I don't appreciate being treated like being in your employ is tantamount to prostitution."

The side of his mouth crept upward. "Prostitution? I never called you a prostitute, Leila."

"So all of this-" I attempted to move my hand and make a grand gesture, but his hands found my wrists and held them firmly at my side. "-almost two thousand dollars in clothing isn't because I signed your little contract and agreed to be your submissive?"

Turned on or not, I could tell I was starting to grate on his nerves as he let out an impatient sigh. "All of this is because the woman beside me shouldn't look like something out of the bargain bin."

"The bargain bin?" I said incredulously, my voice rising. "Just who do you think you're-"

"Lower your voice," he said coolly.

"You think just because I signed some document you own me? That you can just..." My words trailed off as he released my wrists and moved his hand to my hip, finding the zipper and quickly pulling it downward. I wasn't sure what was worse--that he obviously felt entitled to my body, or that I was thoroughly turned on by it.

It really didn't matter in the end because the feel of his hand on me turned all brain functioning off. There was only the desire that made my breath come in gasps as his fingers spread out inside the front of my underwear. His hands were right against the lips of me and I could've exploded on the spot.

Ohmygod he's gonna finger me right here. Right in the dressing room.

Gone was the girl who let her head do the thinking...I just listened to the words of my body. And it was screaming for him.

"Don't stop," I whispered.

I arched into his touch as I felt him skate toward my center. He made a V with his fingers, spreading me wide. He leaned in close, his eyes tearing into me. His lips traced my jawline, soft as a whisper, stopping at my ear.

"Tread very carefully, Miss Montgomery."

He removed his hand, leaving me hot and bothered. Without another word, he strode from the room. I gazed at the door, letting his warning sink in.

I was pretty sure there was a silent 'Or else' tacked to the end.

Or else you really will end up thrown out with the trash.

****

I clutched my overnight bag to my chest as the driver eased onto the exit ramp for the airport. Just the sound of the airplanes whooshing overhead was enough to make me tremble.

I hated flying. The long lines, the unnecessary gropeage by the security officers, the overpriced food both on and off the plane, and most of all, the seats that forced you to get to know your neighbor whether you wanted to or not. It just seemed like every flying experience in recent memory involved dishing out cash to be made uncomfortable.

Not that this one was being charged to my credit card. All my expenses were being paid for by Whitmore and Creighton. I should have taken a small bit of relief from that, but the bright terminal signs that hung overhead still made me queasy.

I pushed my shades from the tip of my nose to the bridge and took a swig of the Perrier beside me. If you can agree to being one of the hottest men on the planet's sub, you can do this.

"You can do this," I said aloud. "You can do..." My self-affirming confirmation trailed off as I peeked out the window and saw we weren't pulled to the bustling curb of a terminal or some parking deck, but a small parking lot in front of a non-descript building.

The driver killed the engine, pulled out the keys, and stepped out of the car.

I frowned up at him with confusion as he pulled open my door. "What-where are we?"

My question bounced right off him and as dreamlike as recent occurrences were, there was no mistaking the final three words that came out of his mouth: Private aviation terminal.

"Private aviation terminal?" I clutched my bag tighter. "As in private jet?"

He cleared his throat. "Yes ma'am. Now, if you'd allow me to attend to your luggage..."

I let him take my carry-on, threads and seams supporting the fact that it'd seen better days, from my lap and out into the sunshine. I slid out after it, still in a daze. Private jet. I assumed that Jacob would travel in style, but I was just hoping for a first class ticket.

I wordlessly walked behind him. No, walking wasn't right. It was more like gliding. I floated through the sliding door and wasn't bombarded with a cesspool of noise and bustle since there were only a handful of people inside the lobby. A smiling attendant greeted us that seemed far too congenial to work at an airport. Instead of standing in a security line that crawled, having to remove my shoes and getting molested by some woman who wasn't any happier about it than I was, I flew right through security.

The driver handed over my bag and I took it gingerly, realizing that I had no cash to tip him. That's what rich people did, right?

"Mr. Whitmore has taken care of everything, Miss Montgomery," he said, reading my mind. "Have a safe flight."

I pulled up the bar on my bag and drug it along as I took in the quiet surroundings. There was no strip mall feel here, no walking past endless gates and scouring the place for monitors with flight updates. No bobbing and weaving around people willing to take you down to make their flight.

I sunk into a leather seat tucked near sliding doors that led to the jets and ruffled in my bag for my itinerary. I scrolled the check-in information along with finding and boarding the plane.

I still couldn't believe that Jacob Whitmore thought I was worth the trouble. Not that any of this came free of conditions. They burned in the blue fire of his eyes when he cornered me in the dressing room. Obey. And keep my lips zipped. I wasn't particularly good at either. But with his body against mine, his hands staking claim to me, damn it if I wasn't putty in his hands. Even though I found his type A antics infuriating, everything I learned in feminism 101 went out the window as soon as he touched me.

"Miss Montgomery?"

I glanced up in surprise, taking in the woman standing in front of me. She was dressed in a navy blue suit with silver buttons that glimmered like gun metal. Fiery red coils sprung from a doll like face, the one thing that seemed to revolt against her otherwise tailored appearance. I felt an instant connection to her, like we were long lost sisters of the Girls Whose Hair Won't Do Right club.

"My name is Maggie Hall. I'll be servicing your jet today," she said smoothly, extending a pale hand.

I shook it gingerly and rose to my feet. "Oh! Thanks for servicing me." Yikes. That came out creepy. "I mean...for attending me...or, uh, the plane."

I was grateful when she smiled instead of looking at me like I was an idiot. "Your first time traveling in a private jet?"

"That obvious?" I said with a nervous chuckle.

"You'll be fine," she said supportively. "Oh! I was given this by Mr. Whitmore..." She reached into her purse and handed me a slender white envelope. "You are to follow the instructions prior to boarding the jet."

I frowned. "Excuse me?"

"Mr. Whitmore requests that you read this and follow the instructions before you board." Before I could open my mouth to protest, she held up a hand in defense. "I'm just the messenger."

I slowly took the envelope and watched as she moved to the exit, sending a wave of heat whooshing into the waiting area when the doors slid open, then closed.

Sweat exploded at my temple and found company with the bitter taste in my mouth. Follow the instructions before boarding? I had a feeling that 'Remove all traces of your poor-ness' was scribbled on the paper. Couldn't contaminate his precious jet, now could I?

I broke the seal on the envelope and pulled out a crisp piece of paper. "Remove your-" I read the last bit silently, shock moving across my body like wildfire. I had to read it twice and the words still punched all the air from my lungs.

In brisk curves and fierce lines, his requirements were simple: Remove your bra and panties prior to boarding.

Remove my underwear? I thought incredulously. Hell no!

He'd told me to wear the colorblock dress for the flight and I was already breaking into hives thinking about how close I'd been to revolting and wearing the sheer black dress because of the heat.

"Absolutely not," I said to myself, my voice hoarse. "I won't do it." Who cared if I signed a contract, agreeing to submit myself to his will? Rough, kinky sex, was one thing, but no underwear? Didn't he know that I wasn't some A cup waif that could go topless without flopping about?

My cheeks darkened as it sunk in. Of course he knew. That was the whole point. Making me uncomfortable. Reminding me who was in charge.

I turned quickly, swinging my bag over my shoulder. I was just going to the bathroom to splash some water on my face. I wasn't, under any circumstances, taking off my bra and undies. I kept repeating it, over and over, even as I stepped into the stall and slowly pulled off my comic boy shorts. It would have been easier to pretend I wasn't giving into his humiliating request if I could just magically remove my bra without taking off the dress. No such luck.

When I pushed out of the stall, my bra and underwear were a bundle of cotton and polyester in my bag. I held my breath as I rushed out of the lobby toward the loading dock, focusing on the tail end of the aircraft. I just needed to find the jet and get on board before a strong wind made a neon sign of my na**d body.

"Miss Montgomery?" Maggie stood at the landing of a set of stairs leading up to the belly of a jet. "Are you ready to board?"

I couldn't manage an actual response so I just took a step in her direction and hoped she took it as some sort of affirmation.

"I'll take your bag." She reached for the Frankenstein-like thing and did me a solid by not holding it gingerly between two fingers. "Mr. Whitmore is in the sleeping chamber and requests that you join him as soon as you board."

Something in her voice told me it wasn't a request at all and I couldn't help but hesitate, lingering at the landing and wondering what he had planned.

She picked up on the awkward and leaned in, dropping her volume to a whisper. "You'll be just fine."

I knew she meant to make me feel better, more at ease, but I couldn't help but think about the last person that tried to give me advice. Skye from Le Magnifique came rushing back with her wiggling eyebrows as she pretty much lumped me in with every other girl that cycled through Whitmore's office and bed.

I didn't say another word, holding my head high as I walked up the stairs. I said yes, but he didn't own me. This wasn't Pretty Woman. I had a degree. I was here to work, damn it.

My temper cooled as I stepped into the crisp body of the jet and took everything in. Gone were the cold, uniformed seats packed tight like sardines like on a commercial plane. In their place were four reclining chairs to the right near the window and a table to the left flanked by two more. The chairs weren't made of the horrible pleather material, instead, a rich, mahogany cow hide that was soft to the touch. The walls were lined with wood paneling giving off the vibe and atmosphere of riding in a luxury car instead of a plane. Even in flats, I could feel the plush carpeting beneath my feet.

The sound of Jacob's smoky, urgent voice floated from the back room and I swallowed hard before standing tall and remembering I was supposed to report to him. As I neared the divider that separated the back of the plane from the front, I caught pieces of his conversation.

"What else have you found out about Leila?"

There was a sliver of an opening and I peered in, watching him.

He paused, raking a hand through his ebony waves. "No boyfriend, no baggage I need to know about?" He paced back and forth. "Yes, I'm aware that she was given the same work up as the others." He scoffed. "Driven? No, the others were driven. This one is different."

I took a small step backward, the way he said 'different' lighting up every pore of me. This one is different. I let out a long, stuttering sigh. He had to have meant something else. He'd done this before. Could Jacob Whitmore be falling for me?

He glanced at the door and I heard something tighten in his voice. "Leila?"

My lips trembled and for a brief moment, I entertained the idea of ducking away. Maybe even booking it out of here, flagging a cab and going back to the real world where girls like me had to toil in mail rooms and cubicles for years before getting their break. Back to reality where a celebrity businessman wasn't telling people that I was different with a decidedly romantic undertone. Because as excited as the prospect of being more to him was, none of the others got their happily ever after. They fell off the face of the earth as quickly as they entered it on his arm. I wasn't willing to forfeit my career for romance. I couldn't.

Done waiting for my response, Jacob pulled open the slider and gave me a long, hard look. "You can come in."

I obeyed, stepping into the sleeping chamber and gulping as the divider shut with an ominous thud. The room had all the bells and whistles of something out of Architectural Digest with its sturdy furniture and statement pieces. It seemed impossible that so much luxury could be packed into such a small space.

He turned to a shelf lined with bottles of alcohol and ice and picked up a half full brandy glass. "You followed my instructions?"

My cheeks went hot, but I raised my chin and gave him a nod.

"I'm sorry," he said tightly. "I didn't catch that."

"Yes sir," I replied with military precision.

He cocked his head, giving me a strange look. "Sir?"

"If this is going to work, we should be as professional as possible."

His eyes smoldered. "Is that right?"

"Yes sir." Even I could feel the awkwardness of the word. This wasn't boot camp. We were in a bedchamber and I was stark na**d underneath my dress for crissakes.

His lips dipped in an unaffected curve. "I suppose that would be for the best. Professionalism." He put down his glass and cut his eyes at me. "Do you have an issue with me checking for your compliance myself?"

"You're the boss," I said, weakness creeping back into my voice. God, just the nearness of him chipped at the wall I'd put into place. He smelled delicious; a dark, spicy aphrodisiac that broke me down, brick by brick.

His hands slowly worked up my body, starting at my hips. His fingertips dug into the fabric and clutched me with a need that made my core clench in anticipation. I leaned into his touch like a cat, yearning to be stroked and cared for.

No. Not cared for. Jesus--I had to stop using that kind of language. Need. Care. Different. Next was the 'L' word and that was a recipe for disaster.

He continued his circuit up and over my waist, pausing with his hands at the base of my br**sts. "Is this okay?"

I glanced up into his azure eyes in shock. "Is this okay?"

He let out a hiss of air through his clenched teeth, like it was taking every ounce of control to not blaze right on through. "Yes."

I managed a, "Yeah. If it's what you want."

"What do you want, Leila?" he asked firmly.

"Miss Montgomery." I corrected. Professionalism. But my husky retort came out as anything but.

"Miss Montgomery," Sex hung on every syllable. "What do you want?"

I want you to take me. Hard and rough. Right here. Right now.

I still couldn't say the words aloud, even though my body was chanting it with every breath. "I want you."

He rounded the curve of my br**sts and my ni**les pebbled against his touch. As soon as I let out a moan, his touch deepened.

"Miss Montgomery." He let out a haggard breath, his put-together facade fraying at the edges. My ni**les pulsed against his fingers, completely under his spell. "You're gonna be the death of me, aren't you?"

I answered him by finding my way to his crotch, running my hand along the defined erection probing at the fly of his slacks. He was solid and throbbing, the blood engorging him matching the roar in my ears. I'd never been so in tune, so matched with another lover. Nerves were barely on the radar. There was no room for anything except the consuming need to feel him inside me.

His mouth crashed into me, tongue thrusting past my lips. We swirled and flicked; we moaned and grunted as our bodies collided.

"Jacob," I chanted, breaking the kiss only to take the tender skin of his neck between my teeth. "Oh Jacob."

He brought his hands to the hem of my skirt and hiked his hand under the material, finding the curve of my bare bottom and growling with approval.

"What?" I said playfully, kissing the bob of his Adam's apple. "Surprised I followed your instructions?" I twisted my fingers in his hair, feeling my heart swell in my chest as my eyes bore into his. "I know I'm headstrong, Jacob. But isn't that one of the things you like about me?" I traced his jawline with my pointer, the last bit coming out in a throaty whisper. "That I'm 'different'?"

He went rigid as a plank.

I reared back, looking at him with surprise. "Jacob?"

The sound of his name shook him from his stupor and the eyes that were glassy with lust hardened to obsidian as he separated himself from me.

"Is everything okay?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

"Of course."

He turned away and when my fingertips grazed his back, he lurched forward, like my touch was toxic.

My mouth twisted in hurt and anger. What was up with the mixed signals? One second he wanted me, teased me, and the next he was recoiling like I was diseased?

He finally faced me, but he was completely closed off, like he'd flipped some switch and now there was a sign that read, 'Keep Out'.

"Did I do something? Say something?" I pressed.

"Everything is fine, Miss Montgomery."

I rolled my eyes. "So we're back to that."

"You were the one that wanted to keep things professional."

I let out a groan of frustration. "You can't tell me that being in the room with me, touching me, makes you think about business and mergers." I looked at him hard, wondering how I could get back in. Maybe he needed me to take the first step. To open up.

I swallowed. Here goes nothing.

"I fought you at every turn before because I've always been in control. I've never had to not work for anything my whole life." He was still as a marble statue, but he wasn't bolting from the room, so I continued. "Even if you never noticed me and just kept walking in the lobby that day, I would have been the best damn research aide Whitmore and Creighton ever had. I would have kept my nose to the grindstone and eventually snagged a position as an aide to a PR specialist, and climbed my way up the ladder. But you had other plans."

He finally took a step in my direction. "Leila-"

"Let me finish," I said gently. "I don't regret accepting your proposition. It was the right move for my career. But agreeing to the other terms? It's a huge thing to me. Giving myself to you is not something I take lightly." I took a step, and then another, looking up at him and fighting the urge to kiss him. I had to get out the last bit. "I held back in the stairwell, and in the office. But I don't want to hold back anymore."

There it was. All my cards out on the table.

And he didn't say a word.

I felt my eyes water and kicked myself. Of course I was gonna cry. That would show him. "Are you having second thoughts about this arrangement?" A traitorous tear unhinged and spilled down my cheek. "Am I unsatisfying?"

Tears were like kryptonite to most men and I didn't expect a hardened male like Jacob to be any different, but he brought his hand to my cheek, wiping it away.

"You're far from unsatisfying, Leila. I-" His mouth hung open, whatever was to come next painfully unfinished.

He cleared his throat and broke contact. "I should check with the pilot and see if we're ready to get in the air." He turned his back to me again and I could have pummeled it with my fists, trying to force him to let me in.

He pulled the divider open and stepped back into the cab of the jet. He flashed me one last look. "Take as long as you need."

****

I peered out the window, the sight of the downtown skyline of Venice taking my breath away.

"We have a lot of ground to cover tomorrow prior to the start of the festival." His tone was purely business. "I suggest you get as much rest today as possible."

The city on the water was close enough that I could see and smell the blue. I'd always wanted to study abroad in Europe and now I was here. I was here-and everything that hung between Jacob and I kept me from playing tourist and bouncing with glee.

"A response, Miss Montgomery."

I wrenched my eyes from the window and turned to him. "Fine."

Satisfied, he turned back to the tablet in his hand, his fingers gliding across the screen. "My liaison here, Allegra De Luca, will meet us landside and from there, take you to your hotel to get settled."

His fingers stopped sweeping but his attention was still on his screen. My attention was squarely on the roundabout way he'd let me know that we wouldn't even be at the same hotel.

Questions rushed around in my head. My hotel? So we're not even staying in the same place? We're separating? I figured you'd need me. Don't you need me, Jacob?

All of them were left unanswered as the plane came to a stop and the pilot announced that we were free to move about the cabin.

I stole a glance at Jacob stuffing folders into his briefcase, slowly unbuckling my seatbelt. "So you're not going to drop me off at my hotel?"

"I have business to attend to. You'll not find a better companion than Ms. De Luca." He stood up and paused, allowing me to pass first. "After you."

I pushed my shades up to the bridge of my nose and clutched my bag, mumbling a thank you to Maggie as I exited the jet. Once outside, I turned in a slow circle, scanning the landing strip for Allegra De Luca. A name like that screamed jet black hair and a sophistication to match the beauty of the Italian city sparkling in the distance.

I gasped when I felt a hand on the small of my back then cheesed from ear to ear when I realized the hand belonged to Jacob.

Visible amusement colored his eyes before he slid his sunglasses into place. "Ms. De Luca is waiting."

I walked in step with him, his hand on me a gesture that probably meant nothing; but I couldn't help but read into it. Maybe we still had differing views about what was actually going on between us, but there was no mistaking the intimacy as he made a slow circle at the curve of my back, right?

I tilted my head in his direction, wanting to bring it up while he was being touchy feely, but my mouth hung open in surprise as a deep, throaty laugh spilled from his lips.

No--it had to be jet lag, because Jacob Whitmore barely smiled and he definitely didn't laugh. But another baritone volley erupted beside me and there was no mistaking the source. I stared at him in shock, a smile cracking through the stone. The hand was gone as he breezed toward an older woman standing beside a black sedan.

There was no time to be offended, even though it was obvious that this 'Allegra' person was behind his complete 180. I watched him embrace the older woman and spin her in a circle.

She was Allegra...and I'd never been so relieved in my life.

Allegra was about his height, but wider than Jacob. She staggered a bit when he finally released her, giving him a shove that sent him stumbling before he went back in for a bear hug.

Up close, I saw that despite Allegra's muscular physique, her face had gentle curves, intensified by bright, olive colored eyes and a lazy smile. She wore a gray blouse tucked into dark wash jeans but still looked efficient and professional. Her midnight colored hair was cropped short and specks of gray weaved throughout.

Her eyes shot to me as I got close. "Buongiorno."

Jacob turned and eyeballed me, suddenly remembering there was a second in his party. "Oh, uh, Allegra, this is Leila Montgomery. My new personal assistant."

"Miss Montgomery," Allegra said warmly. Her thick accent wrapped around each word, turning even an introduction into something exotic. "It is nice to meet you."

I accepted her extended hand and shook it firmly. "It's nice to meet you too."

"Ms. De Luca will accompany you to your hotel while I take care of some other matters," Jacob said crisply.

Allegra's dark brows furrowed. "Surely Miss Montgomery would be better served by a familiar face? She's in a strange country, Jacob."

I bit my lip to keep from letting out a 'Yeah!', but decided I liked her. I had a feeling not many people questioned Jacob Whitmore.

"That may be true, but I couldn't think of anyone I'd trust with this more than you." He said, not budging an inch. He turned his attention back to me. "I'll see you in the morning."

And just like that, he was walking briskly in the other direction. I cleared my throat and squashed the nerves that bundled in my stomach and squared my shoulders. I wasn't allowed to be nervous and most of all, I wasn't allowed to miss him.

Allegra didn't waste any time, promptly opening my door before she moved to the front of the car and squeezed behind the wheel. I found a small comfort in the no frills gray cloth interior of the sedan. It reminded me of home.

I looked out my window as we pulled away from Marco Polo airport, melting into the buzz of people, busses, and water peppered with wooden boats and larger ferries.

"There are two ways to get around Venice from Aeroporto Marco Polo," Allegra said from the front seat. She gestured at the water. "If you prefer a more romantic experience, you could take ferry or water taxi. If you prefer to keep both feet on solid ground, bus, or if you're lucky, me." She smiled at me in the rearview mirror and I smiled back, her good mood contagious.

I turned back to the scene unfolding just outside my window, gazing longingly at scooters and mopeds, imagining how exhilarating it would be to experience all this without a barrier, with the wind rushing through my hair. Every building that lined the streets was more unique and vibrant than the last. I wished I'd brought my camera, but snapped a few pictures with my phone.

When we arrived at my hotel, I couldn't believe that over an hour had gone by. I could have gone up and down those streets a million times and I'd find something new and amazing every turn.

Allegra parked at the valet station and hopped out, quickly grabbing my suitcase before I could get to it. When I opened my mouth to protest, she shook her head. "You are visitor here. It's no problem."

I was grateful to have my hands free when I stepped inside the lobby because I could spin around and take the extravagance in. Everything glittered and looked both classical and beautifully modern. The marble statues that stood sentry at a small waiting area and beside the front desk were like something out of museum. I turned toward the desk, meaning to check in, but Allegra steered me toward the elevators instead.

"You're already checked in," she explained, punching the 'up' button. "Jacob had your clothes and a few other things sent over."

We zipped up to the third floor and I followed my guide down the pristine hall. Allegra parked my suitcase in front of a door near the end, pulled out a slender card and handed it to me.

"Your key." She gave me a nod and moved to go. "You probably want to unwind, take a nap, yes?"

"Nap?" I said, shaking my head furiously. "I'm in Venice-I can nap back home!"

"We will get along famously." She chuckled. "What to do first..." She scratched her chin, mulling it over. "Maybe you get settled, change into something a bit more comfortable, then join me for an early dinner, drinks in the ristorante?"

"That sounds great!" I smiled after her, feeling a little guilty that I'd pouted at the thought of not having Jacob bring me to my hotel. I would have been on pins and needles with him. With Allegra, I felt like I could finally relax.

I pushed into the room, flipped the light switch and gasped. The room was gorgeous, filled with antique touches without feeling too stuffy. A four poster bed was the focal point, but it was the vanity near the door stole my heart. I gravitated to it, oohing and aahing over the workmanship. I ran my hand around the dips and curves of the wood, fingers tracing until I saw the small stack of items sitting neatly in the center.

A small white bag was on top, filled with exotic scarves and odds and ends like Chanel no 5 and other toiletries. Beneath it was a white box with the signature Apple logo on the front.

I frowned, lifting it up and using an ivory handled letter opener sitting on a tea table to break the tape. Packing peanuts spilled out, quickly followed by a sleek, white box with a picture of the latest iPad gleaming up at me.

"He got me an iPad?" I screeched, my voice echoing up to the vaulted ceiling then back down as I pulled it out of the case.

Before this job, I'd just settled on pinching pennies until I could find a used one on Craigslist. Now, I had my own.

I walked over to the bed, sinking into the awesomely soft duvet, already imagining how I'd capture the city with my new gadget when I caught sight of a slender white envelope on the bedside table.

I let out a bitter chuckle, coming down from cloud nine. What did Jacob want me to do now? Strip down and send him an XXX video with the tablet?

I ripped open the side of the envelope and pulled out a piece of paper. There were only two words, written in gentle cursive instead of angry slashes like the first.

Be patient.

My mind went a million miles a minute as I read it over and over. 'Be patient'? Did that mean that he wanted to open up to me? That my attempt to pour my heart out hadn't made things worse after all?

I brought the piece of paper to my lips and pressed a kiss on his words before putting it back on the bedside table. I folded my arms behind my head and looked up at the ceiling, letting myself believe that wherever Jacob was, he was thinking about me too.

****

I donned one of the few casual-ish outfits hanging in my closet: a sheer black blouse, crimson colored skinny jeans and slipped my black flats on before I exited the room. My cell beeped to life at my side and I read the text. It was Allegra, letting me know that she grabbed a table for the two of us in the hotel restaurant.

To be honest, I was looking forward to learning more about Jacob as much as putting some food in my belly, though as soon as I stepped on the first floor and got a whiff of freshly baked bread and basil, the playing field was even.

"Buona sera," the host said brightly. "Tavolo per uno?"

When I let out a flustered laugh, wishing I'd been more concerned with Rosetta Stone than trying to figure out what was going out in Jacob's head, he repeated it in English with a sympathetic smile.

"Good evening. A table for one?"

I shook my head, peering over his shoulder. I scanned the lively crowd, stopping when I saw Allegra's bowed head. "I'm meeting a friend."

I maneuvered in and out of the tables, my curiosity peaking as I heard her tearing into someone on the phone.

"Non essere ridicolo. Anyone can see you care about this girl. Why do you fight it? You confuse her and you confuse me-"

"Allegra?"

She smiled up at me, gesturing at the seat in front of her.

"We will discuss this in the morning. Unless you join us tonight?" She rolled her eyes to the ceiling. "Understood. Ciao."

She snapped her cell phone closed and gave me the once over, clucking her tongue with approval. "Leila, you look lovely."

"Thanks," I grinned. "You do too." She traded her outfit from earlier with a sleeveless flowered dress that softened her muscled exterior.

She picked up a bottle of red wine. "Do you drink?"

"Absolutely!" I said, probably a little too quickly.

She let out a musical laugh that made her eyes twinkle then poured the ruby red liquid in my empty wine glass. "All a bit overwhelming, no?"

I brought the glass to my nose and inhaled deep, breathing in the vibrant body of it before I took a hearty sip. It was like caramel going down and I savored it before I answered. "I'm still pinching myself every second."

"You haven't been working for Jacob very long?"

"Right," I said, taking another swallow. "Almost four days now."

She let out an impressed whistle. "You must be very good at your job."

I turned bright as a tomato at that and dropped my gaze, suddenly real concerned with the starch white tablecloth. How could I tell her that my interview 'supplement' had probably got me the job?

She placed a wrinkled hand over mine and when I dredged my eyes up, I saw that she already knew. Of course she did...I was far from Jacob's first assistant.

I opened my mouth, the red of embarrassment turning to shame. "Let me explain-"

"That is unnecessary," she cut in. "This is carriera, your career, yes?"

I bit my lip and nodded.

"And I imagine you have plans that exceed being an assistant?"

"Absolutely," I said without hesitation. "Not that all of this isn't great, but I want more." I let it all out, finally feeling like someone understood. "I want my own clients, my own agency....my own name over the door."

She gave me a long, pensive look then her face cracked into a grin. "Difficile? No. You got your foot in the door. You'll get no judgment for doing whatever you needed to do to meet your goals."

I reached for the bread basket, my stomach making a gurgle of hunger. "So since we're talking about doing whatever one needs to do to get ahead, do you mind if I pick your brain about Jacob?"

She traced the circular base of her wine glass and let out a chuckle. "I was wondering when you'd ask." She ran a hand through her hair before sitting up tall, ready for the inquisition. "Ask away."

"The guy I know is incredibly driven, charismatic but..." I trailed off, trying to figure out the word.

"Guarded?" she finished for me.

"Exactly!" I said, clapping my hands together. "But with you, he's different. The laughing--hell, the smiling. He just seemed so open. A complete polar opposite."

"Si," she said after polishing off her wine. A long moment passed as she reached for the wine bottle, refilled her glass and then looked at the burgundy liquid like she was hypnotized. "The lights on Jacob are so bright that you only see the truth if you know where to look."

I fiddled with a curl, puzzled by what she was saying. "So he's not happy being in the public eye?"

It didn't make sense--the reality TV show, the high profile celebrity clients, the glitz and glam that I'd been bombarded with since I agreed to be his assistant. None of it seemed to match up with someone that didn't love the flashing lights and everything they bring.

"What is happiness?" She didn't wait for an answer. "You are too young to be familiar with his father's work. He was huge in the pictures back in the 70's. Well, huge in Europe, anyway. His father, Carlton, came from nothing, so he invested, saved every penny so Jacob could have more." She shrugged her shoulders. "Jacob grew up in wealth. He knows nothing else."

"So, poor little rich boy?" As soon as it came out I regretted it and Allegra's eyes darkened. "I didn't mean that as harsh as it came out."

"It's alright," she said, but I could tell from the way she gripped her glass that I'd just lost some major points. "The world has no sympathy for the lot of those with money. We forget that money can't buy happiness."

Not knowing what to say to that, I stuffed a corner of bread in my mouth and chewed it nice and slow. I was hard on him, but the truth was I had no idea what it would be like to have my success, failures, loves and catastrophes to be broadcast for public consumption. I figured it was something I should say out loud so she didn't think I was completely rude when the chatter around us reached a fever pitch. Shouts in Italian mixed with other words, but there were two that I, and most of the free world, were familiar with. 'Rachel Laraby'.

The sound of my chair creaking back met a chorus of others as everyone's attention turned to the front and gawked at the statuesque woman at the hostess desk.

Rachel Laraby-America's sweetheart since she played a plucky high school dropout alongside George Clooney. From there it was a string of romantic comedies and a sprinkle of indie films to maintain her street credit among the critics.

But it wasn't all red carpets and Oscars for Rachel. At twenty-six, she'd been in and out of rehab three, no, four times. Unlike most celebrities that never fully recovered in the public eye, after each stint, Rachel regained the hearts and minds of anyone that set their eyes on her.

It made sense, I guess. She was the perfect Hollywood star with impossibly beautiful bone structure paired with bright green eyes and a smile photogenic enough to sell whatever it was tacked onto. Her ebony colored hair was always glossy with the right amount of body. Her curves made her relatable, but she was thin enough that she could wear the hell out of anything. Every woman wanted to be her and every man wanted to take her to bed.

And she was our client.

I glanced back at Allegra, the stars wearing off and confusion setting in. "Was there a meeting tonight?" I looked down at my outfit. "I can't meet Rachel Laraby wearing this."

"There is no meeting," Allegra said darkly. "Only trouble."

"Trouble?" I asked, even more confused. "But I-"

"Allegra De Luca!" If the flashes of cameras and phones intensifying around us was no indication, there was no mistaking Rachel's signature Southern drawl. "If you don't stand up so I can hug your neck!"

I'd seen the real thing enough to know the smile Allegra slathered on as she rose to her feet was far from genuine.

"Rachel," she said, wary edging her voice. "I didn't think we'd be seeing you until tomorrow morning."

Rachel waved a manicured hand, dismissing that whole notion. "I just had to come and say hello to my favorite woman in Venice!" She spun in a circle and swiped a nearby chair, managing to squeeze the wicker thing between the two of us and completely ignore my existence. Allegra flashed me an apologetic smile and when Rachel lowered her lean frame into the seat, began the pleasantries.

"Rachel," she began. "This is-"

"Any friend of Al's is a friend of mine!" Rachel cast a phony smile at me before she flipped her hair and leaned in toward Allegra. "I wanted to ask you about Jacob's new assistant. He's been keeping it so hush hush, so she must be something special."

"Allow me to introduce Leila Montgomery," Allegra said with a smug glimmer in her eye. "Jacob's lovely new assistant."

Rachel turned her head so hard I was surprised she didn't get whiplash. She inspected me, nice and slow, and from the snort that fell from her lips, I came up wanting.

"You can't be serious." She jutted a finger in my face, literally inches from my nose. "She's the new assistant?"

I felt anger sparking all over my body, but I tried to breathe through it. Maybe she didn't mean it as jack ass-y as it came out.

"Yes," I said placidly. "I'm the new assistant. And, uh, your finger-"

"Is this some sort of joke?" She gave me a sly smile. "Am I being Punk'd?"

"Get your hand out of my face," I growled, nostrils flaring.

She finally dropped the pointer, but not her shock at someone like Jacob hiring someone like me. For choosing someone like me. I glanced at Allegra and she was clearly struggling to hold her tongue too.

"Well, maybe after the others he finally went with someone that can do their job." Rachel gave my hand a sympathetic pat. "Someone...bookish."

"Bookish?" I fired back. I'd had my fill of people judging me by my employer and job title, and celebrity or not, I wasn't gonna lay down and let her denigrate me. "I don't know what your problem is-"

"Leila," Allegra intervened, trying to diffuse the situation. "Maybe we should-"

"No," Rachel hissed, raising her nose so high I was surprised I couldn't see her brain. Her eyes narrowed as she looked at me like I was something stuck on the bottom of her shoe. "I'm doing you a favor, sweetheart. This isn't a movie--this is real life. On what planet would a girl like you end up with someone like him?" She didn't give me a chance to reply, shoving backward from the table with a screech. "I've lost my appetite."

I balled my fists in my lap as I heard murmurs of interest all around us.

Allegra's voice cut through it, low and concerned. "Leila, don't you go listening to a thing that woman says."

I gave her a halfhearted smile and swallowed the lump in my throat. "You know, I'm not very hungry either."

"Leila-"

"I'll see you in the morning."

I moved to the lobby, shooting a look toward the entrance where Rachel stood posing for pictures, each one snapped better than the last.

Who was I kidding, thinking that Jacob could have a connection with me? I thought despondently. I tried to get close and he took two steps back. And now on top of that, I was competing with Rachel Laraby?

I walked briskly in the direction of the elevator, but a bellhop stood in my way, looking over at Rachel like she was his soulmate.

"Molto bella, no?" he said with a sigh. I didn't need a dictionary to figure out what he said.

"Yep," I said acidly, pushing past him. "Gorgeous."

****

I fussed over my hair, trying to tug it into submission. With a groan of frustration, I snatched a Chanel scarf from the bundle of accessories Jacob had given me. I gathered my dark spirals into a bun at the nape of my neck then wrapped the scarf around the rest, letting only a curve of curls peek out. Paired with a black sheath dress and gold sandals, I actually pulled off chic.

Appearances can be deceiving, I thought glumly, grabbing my purse stuffed with a planner and a notebook. Truth was, I felt like the new girl on the first day of school, completely out of my element.

I moved to the elevator and punched the 'C' for the conference floor and the elevator zipped me to my destination.

You can do this, I thought to myself. You're just taking notes.

But the thought of being in a room with Rachel Laraby was enough to make me hyperventilate. I hated to admit it, but the notion that she'd ever been with Jacob coupled with her disbelief that he could be attracted to someone like me was enough to make my blood boil.

I took a deep breath as I rounded the corner and came face to face with the ornate door of the room Jacob reserved for the meeting. Here we go.

When I pushed into C12, the sight of Allegra, dressed in a crisp charcoal jacket, slacks, and a supportive smile, was enough to make me sigh with relief.

"Leila," she breathed, bringing me a piping cup of coffee. "You look well rested."

I gave her a look and glanced at the clock on the wall. It was three minutes 'til 10. "Jacob's running late?"

She moved to a table on the wall, lined with fruit, slices of bread, and cheeses. "He had to pick up Rachel."

A part of me couldn't help but leap at the last bit. 'Pick up' meant that they hadn't spent the night together. When Allegra turned and gave me a curious look, I brought the mug to my mouth, trying to hide the smile at my lips. If she picked up on my reaction there'd be even more questions, which meant more confusing emotions for me to muddle through.

The door creaked open and the sound of Rachel chattering about chateaus and gondolas came rushing in.

"You should have seen it, Jacob. The stars, the music, the water." She cozied up to him, obviously for my benefit. "Maybe tonight?"

I hated myself for moving to a table near them, making my presence known. I found his gaze and held it, silently hoping he would just tell her "No" flat out. That he had something. Had someone.

Jacob only looked at me for a moment before he broke away, extricating himself from her arm. "Perhaps we should talk about this later, Rachel."

I bristled at his vague response, slamming my purse onto the table. "Good morning."

Rachel turned her head in my direction, flashing a smile so sweet it could rot teeth. "Oh, hello, Miss Montgomery."

Jacob gave me a gruff nod. "Good morning, Leilia."

Rachel struck a pose, making sure I got an eyeful of the body hugging royal blue dress she wore, paired with onyx colored stilettos that made her lean legs sing. She was pulling out the big guns.

"I think it's great that it's all hands on deck for little old me," she said, giving me a coy look. "Even the non-essential personnel."

I opened my mouth and spied Jacob's pained look and thought better of it. "I'm just ready to get to work. As I'm sure we all are, Miss Laraby."

"Rachel, I insist!" she drawled. "After all, I'm not that much older than you." She winked before strutting over to the refreshment table.

Jacob followed her and as soon as his back was to me, I rolled my eyes, slumping a little in my chair. This was going to be the longest meeting of my life.

I tried to focus on happier things than the snark I knew was in store. Like how Jacob was wearing the hell out of a white button down shirt and tan slacks. His pants hugged him in all the right places, drawing my eye to the snug fit of him. I wanted him so bad that I could feel the dampness spreading in my panties. My mouth watered at the image of us wrapped up in each other.

I forced my eyes to the table, crossing my legs and saying a prayer that I'd make it through without mouthing off to Rachel.

"Leila."

I lifted my head, surprised to see Jacob staring down at me. "Y-yes?"

"I hope your room is satisfactory."

If I'd had a pencil in my hand, I probably would've snapped it in two. "You hope my room is satisfactory?" I tried to take a breath, but it did me no good. "That's all you have to say to me?"

His eyes softened, but Rachel's laugh cut through whatever moment we were about to have and he glanced away. When he turned back to me, the mask was back in place. "We'll talk later."

"Oh that's not necessary," I said frostily. "Unless you have further business or...submissive needs, we don't really have anything else to say." I pushed back from the table. "Excuse me."

I knew he was stewing and I would get an earful later, but it was in the best interest of us both that I get a little space.

When I made it to the table, Allegra offered me some bread and cheese. "Affamato?" Remembering, she clarified. "Hungry?"

"Starved," I said, taking the small crystal plate.

Allegra had a second that she probably meant for herself, but Rachel was hovering so she offered it to her.

"No thank you, Al," Rachel said, crinkling her nose. "Carbs go straight to my hips." Her green eyes zeroed in on me before she pivoted on her stilettos and strut back to the table where Jacob sat.

Allegra and I exchanged a look and I plunked a piece of bread in my mouth, savoring it with an exaggerated moan. Allegra laughed and gave my shoulder a supportive squeeze.

"Ready?" she asked gently.

"Nope," I said honestly, dusting off my hands. "But let's get it over with."

We filed over to the table and sat down, all eyes turning to Jacob.

"Alright," Jacob said, calling the meeting to order. "I believe introductions have been made so we'll jump right in." As I flipped open my tablet and poised the pen over the paper, his brow arched in surprise. "Where is the iPad?"

"The iPad?" I licked my chap lips, trying hard to ignore Rachel's glare. "It's up in the room."

His mouth crossed in displeasure and I geared myself up for a chewing out, but instead, he leaned in, his voice quiet. "In the future, your iPad doesn't leave your side. All of the information and important correspondence will be maintained and exchanged electronically."

Duh, Lay! "O-Of course. It won't happen again."

Rachel set her glass of ice water down and the cubes were like nails on a chalkboard. "But how would she draw hearts in the margins if she had an iPad?"

I looked her square in the face, a storm brewing that was really gonna get me in trouble. Allegra cleared her throat, grounding me, and I just let it go, turning back to Jacob.

We discussed the press junket that was scheduled after lunch, complete with all the talking points from the director and studio. If any reporters asked about her recent stint in rehab, she was to refer to it as a period of growth and divert attention back to the film. During the screening, she was to pause for photographs only and then exit discreetly for the charity after party.

Jacob's voice deepened to the low, authoritative tone that gave me chills as he wrapped it up. "There is to be no alcohol consumption of any kind, Rachel." He gestured at her glass of water. "We've arranged for a substantial amount of Evian and Perrier and I don't care if you tape it to your wrist like a corsage, but when you're in public, no glasses, no cups. Everything is bottled and clearly H20."

She bat her eyes at him dismissively. "You and your rules."

"I mean it," he said, no undercurrent of joking to be found. "Remember what we discussed last night. My terms are non-negotiable."

The gasp that shot from my lips was gone before I could stifle it. The rational part of me knew that it was possible that the two of them met platonically. But since Jacob Whitmore touched me, there was no room for anything except irrationality and doubt. And Rachel squeezed right into that hole of uncertainty.

"What is it, sweetheart?" she said, with condescension practically oozing from every word. She steepled her fingers beneath her chin and let out a gasp of her own. "Are you finally getting that the billionaire doesn't ride off into the sunset with the help?"

I shoved back from the table, my anger erupting from my lips. "I'm not gonna sit here and put up with this bitch for one more second."

Rachel went wide eyed. "What did she just call me?" She too stood up, crossing her arms tight against her chest. "I refuse to work with her, Jacob. I absolutely refuse."

All eyes were on him and I could tell from the way he grit his teeth that he wasn't happy with any of us. Still, he remained quiet.

His silence only stoked her indignation. "Jakey, did you hear me? I said-"

"It's Jacob," he said curtly. "And I think we all need to take a breath." He looked at each of us, daring us to question him. I had a lot more to say, but I jutted out my lip. Rachel flipped her hair. Allegra was still as a statue.

"Now," Jacob said after a moment. "Everyone's a little on edge. Leila, I believe you owe Miss Laraby an apology."

"What?" I snapped. He couldn't be serious.

He moved to my side and dropped his volume level. "I know Rachel can be trying, but she's our client. As such, you have to put aside your baggage-"

"My baggage?" I said in disbelief. "She's been treating me like crap since the moment she met me. Any baggage was already packed and ready to go. Her baggage is you." I stepped away from him, getting Rachel in my crosshairs. "I'm sorry I'm the first person to call you that to your face."

Seeing nothing but red, I found my way to the door and threw it open. Tears of frustration cascaded down my face and I knew I looked a hot mess from the stares I got, but I didn't care. On some level, I knew I wasn't being professional, that Jacob was right about putting aside my issues for the job, but that woman had a way of getting under my skin. I couldn't just let it go.

As soon as I opened the door to my room and saw Jacob's card on the bed, I knew it was a little more than a client with an attitude. It was the idea that he'd been with her, that he'd cared about her. It was the thought that maybe instead of coming to my bed last night, he'd gone to hers.

"Doesn't matter now," I whispered, walking to the bed and sinking into the mattress. What came next was pretty obvious--no way Jacob would let our exchange fly, especially in front of a client. I'd gone from applicant to research aide to personal assistant to the boss....and now, back to unemployment.

The door echoed with knocks and I peeked at it. Probably the staff removing me from the premises. Another sets of knocks, more urgent followed--along with a familiar voice that made my heart stop.

"Leila, open the door."

I kicked my legs over the edge of the bed and snatched the door open, looking at him in shock. "Jacob."

The side of his lip curled upward. "So you do know how to obey."

He was upon me, his lips crashing into my lips as he kicked the door closed with his foot. I had no time to catch my breath as he spun me around and slammed me against the door. The spasm of pain was dulled by the tenderness of him holding the sides of my face. It was confusing; the mixture of force and power as he pinned me in place contrasting with him caressing me like I was something precious.

He pulled back, scanning my face and gauging my reaction. I brought a shaky hand to my lips, still feeling him there before I let out a giggle.

"I guess this means I still have a job."

His eyes sparkled and when he smiled, I felt the warmth in it down to my very bones. It was quickly replaced by lust as he roped an arm around my waist and pulled me in close.

"The last thing I want to talk about right now is work."

His touch tightened, the hands at the curve of my back venturing down until he clutched my ass. His mouth possessed mine and with those luscious lips pressed against me I knew I was in major trouble. The boom boom in my chest was more than arousal, the blood rushing through my veins more than the fantasy of finally being with him. I'd do anything for him. Anything.

When we came up for air this time, he reached around and unhinged my scarf. My hands instantly flew to my hair, but he brought them back down with a look that made my core clench. Without using a single word, he'd just given me an order.

He ran his pointer along my jaw line and even that slight touch made me tremble for more. But his hands didn't drop to the usual suspects; not to my br**sts, finding my ni**les solid and aching, or down further, to the part of me that was dripping wet. No--he bit his lip as he toyed with the stray curls from my bun. He reached to the base of my neck, unwrapping my ponytail and freed my wild hair. He threaded his fingers through my locks before dropping his mouth to my ear.

"That's better."

I let out a moan and reached for his pants, trying to get at him, trying to be with him totally and completely, but he gripped my wrists.

"Are you ready?" His eyes ravaged me. "Are you ready to submit to me?"

"Yes," I said without batting an eye. "Whatever you want me to be, whatever you want." I reached out, holding his cheek. "I'm yours."

He put his hand over mine and squeezed before taking a step back and practically growling at me. "You do nothing without my permission." His bottom lip quivered. "Take off your clothes."

The uncertainty that made me hesitate before was impossible now with him looking at me like I was the sexiest thing he'd ever laid eyes on. I stripped in record time and stood naked, waiting for further instruction.

His hand dropped to the crotch of his pants and I watched him tug at his erection as he poured over every inch of me. I wanted to touch myself too, to drop my hands to the center of me, but he hadn't said so.

"Get on the bed," he said thickly. "On your stomach, ass in the air."

The curse on his tongue sent pangs of lust ricocheting over me and something as simple as walking became laborious, but I made it to the bed, only clenching my butt muscles once before I decided to relax.

He wants you. All of you.

I moved onto the bed, the friction of the sheets against my heated flesh making me all but writhe for release. I could feel his eyes and it sent heat rippling over my body. When I peeked over my shoulder, I saw him unbuckling his pants. My eyes doubled in size as I took in every part of him. From his broad, muscular shoulders, down his chiseled abs to the sight of him in all his glory.

Glory didn't do it justice. He had the most beautiful c**k I'd ever seen. It was thick and veiny, protruding from a mass of ebony curls.

"Oh my," I whispered, an uncontrollable moan rattling in my throat.

He gave me a grin that was pure lust and danger. "You like what you see?"

God yes. I could only manage another moan as he joined me on the bed. He moved his fingers along my spine and I arched into the sensation.

"Up," he barked.

I rose up on my arms and legs, on all fours. When I felt the head of his c**k rubbing against my cheeks, my limbs turned to jello. I didn't know if I could wait much longer. I needed him as badly as my next breath.

I rocked backward, feeling one hand on my hip, his other thumping his erection against my rear. Already I felt myself teetering close to the edge, like the smallest movement would send me falling into bliss.

Somewhere in the jumbled fog of arousal my brain put two and two together and I pleaded with him. "Please, Jacob."

As if he was waiting for me to beg him, he punched inside me with a guttural moan that I echoed. My muscles strained to take him on, sparks of pain swirling about waves of ecstasy. My heart was no longer roaring in my chest or my ears but instead, beating in the place between my legs. It beat for Jacob.

His hands dug into my h*ps as he rowed in and out of me, the sound of skin and bodies colliding the most beautiful sound I'd ever heard.

"Sweetheart," he murmured. "Leila."

The sound of my name was enough to push me into bliss, but I gripped my cl**ax with both hands, remembering. You do nothing without my permission.

"Please, Jacob. Let me come. Let me come."

He kept pounding, strong and sure, and when I felt him trembling, I worried that I couldn't wait any longer. Not with him filling me so completely and struggling to hold tight to his own self-control.

"Come," he said, his voice betraying his own nearness. "Come with me."

I released everything and I felt my body contracting, holding onto him for dear life. He was coming too; I could tell from his wild thrusts, from the way he held me as if I was the only thing keeping him grounded. I cried out his name, over and over and he said mine. Both of us; together, lost and found in each other.

I felt hollow when he pulled from me, but eagerly dropped down to the mattress with exhaustion. I scooted to one side, wanting him to join me. The only way this wouldn't be a dream was if I felt his arms wrapped around me. He didn't disappoint.

"Can I ask you a question?" I said softly, hating myself for knowing it was something that would sour what we'd just done together. But I couldn't ignore it. It was killing me.

He kissed my shoulder. "Mmhm."

"What happened between you and Rachel?"

He let out an annoyed sigh. "Leila, I'm with you. Why ruin a good thing?"

"But-"

"Not right now." There was a finality that shut the book and I tried to let it go.

He's with you, I thought, snuggling closer. That's all that matters. With his arms tight around me, feeling the rise and fall of his chest, I almost believed it.

