I was in that fuzzy place between dream and awake. Unicorns flapped their glittered wings as Jacob and I floated down the Grand Canal. Our toes grazed the surface of the turquoise water and the night sky was lit up with fireworks that gobbled up the dark, leaving nothing but light and passion.

Before, I would have held tight to that place where he was mine and anything was possible, but I forced my eyes open with a smile still on my face. I breathed in the warmth of his cologne then ran my fingertips along the dark hair that lined his forearm. Jacob Whitmore had not only given me the best sex I'd ever had the night before, but also hadn't stolen away as soon as I drifted off to sleep.

Reality was finally better than any dream I could conjure up.

I let my eyes glaze over his sleeping form. The sprinkle of light streaming in from the window turned his golden skin a kaleidoscope of brown, each shade more luscious than the last. I moved my hand up to his muscled bicep, the firmness of it making my body clench with want. Half his face was in shadow, but the part I could make out was beautiful in the morning light. The strong jawline, sharp nose, high forehead--all of it was perfection, like Michelangelo himself had chiseled him from marble. I let my fingers run through his mahogany locks, playing with the soft waves that fell perfectly back into place. He looked amazing and I-

I went rigid. He looked perfect, like he had a group of makeup artists waiting in the wings, but I looked anything but. I didn't need a mirror to know that my curly hair was a knotted mess. I was betting that I had sleep caked around my eyes and a healthy dose of dried up drool around my mouth. And my breath....oh God morning breath...

"This won't do," I whispered in a silent panic, almost leaping up until I realized any sudden movement might wake him. And then he'd see he'd gone to bed with me and woke up with the Bride of Frankenstein.

I sucked in air between clenched teeth and tried to calm the nerves that were making me shake. I just had to take it slow. Nice and slow.

I shuffled my h*ps to the right, stopping when I felt him stir. I glanced back and saw the sash of my nightgown was pinned beneath him. I shimmied out of it, lying there for a moment, butt naked. I counted to sixty twice before I tried moving again, wiggling until I came to the edge of the bed. Now I just had to swing my feet over and I could duck into the bathroom.

"Where do you think you're going?"

I gripped the cover, his question gluing me in place.

Shit shit shit. "H-hey! Just running to the bathroom." I brought myself up, making sure he couldn't see my face. "I'll be right back."

"Not so fast." His voice was thick with sleep but the authoritative tone was crisp and awake. "I want you."

Three words and I couldn't help but look back at him, wondering if he was still conked out. But his eyes were hardened obsidian and when he licked his lips and reached for my arm, I just about melted into him. He wasn't asleep. He wanted me. Crazy hair, drool, and all. It excited me--and made me even more self conscious.

"I'm just gonna take a quick shower," I said quickly. "Five minutes tops."

"No." Anger gripped the word so tight it sent a pang of fear through me. "You're going to lay back down."

"B-But-"

I wasn't sure how a man of his height and weight launched from the bed and towered over me in a blink of an eye, but he pulled it off and I found myself sliding back onto the mattress. His gaze was terse and domineering.

"For once, you're going to shut your mouth and do exactly as I say."

I should have told him that it was too early for him to be pulling this bdsm stuff, but instead, his coarse order made me hot. Hot enough to forget that I wasn't looking my best. Hot enough that when I opened my mouth, it wasn't to say something snarky.

"What do you want me to do?" I swallowed, remembering the brief reading I'd done on the plane about being a good submissive. "What do you want me to do...sir?"

I saw the word ripple over him and my eyes dashed over his impressive muscles, down to his pelvic cut. My body vibrated at the realization that he too wasn't wearing a shred of clothing. My survey continued, dropping to the one part of him that his signature control could not hide. It pointed to me, calling me out. Choosing me.

I licked my lips and it thumped in approval.

"Say it again." His voice was engorged with lust. "Call me 'sir'."

I parted my quivering lips and obeyed. "Sir."

He beckoned me with a finger and I scooted to the edge of the bed. The nearness of him was intoxicating, his arousal heady and close enough to grip. To suck.

"Look at me."

I pried my eyes from his erection and looked up into his penetrating eyes. The look he gave me stripped me to the bone, his eyes burning with want.

He gripped my hair with one hand, a firm tug sending pangs of discomfort dancing over my scalp. "Who's in charge?"

My lips trembled. "You are."

"Good girl."

I licked my lips again, preparing to taste him, wanting to taste him, but he released his hold on my hair. His hand connected with my shoulder and he pushed me back onto the mattress. Before I could reorient myself, he gripped my legs and and vaulted my body forward. My rear hung off the bed, but he held my thighs firmly, towering above me.

His eyes washed over me and he breathed in deep before exhaling. The feel of his breath on my na**d body turned my peaks into solid rock. When he lowered himself to his knees and I realized what was to come, the nerves I'd forgotten came rushing back. I'd only been given oral once, and the guy's insistence on me showering right before came screeching back to mind.

I tried to close my legs, but his hold was iron.

"Who is in charge, Leila?" he barked.

I tried to sit up and explain, but one look at his stern expression froze me halfway. "You, but-"

His fingers dug into my thigh and memories of humiliation dulled in favor of the slight pain. When I stopped fighting, he slackened and the fingers that ground into me now stroked the tender flesh.

"Lay back down," he said, the edge smoother. Gentler.

I let myself fall back into the bundle of covers, swallowing back my reservations. He was trying to show me that he wanted me and I couldn't let my hangups go long enough to enjoy it.

"You're a stubborn one," he said softly. "But I want you to do nothing but listen to what I'm about to say." He paused. "You can respond."

I gulped. "Yes sir."

"When I am with you, there is no one else." I closed my eyes as his fingers moved dangerously close to the slit of me. "When I touch you, there is only the feel of your skin." When a moan escaped from my lips, he let out a deep chuckle. "There's only those beautiful little moans you make and finding out just when to linger-" My moan went up a couple of octaves when his digit pushed just inside me. "And when to deny you." He pulled the finger out and went back to teasing my opening. "The only thing I ask is for that same courtesy." His other hand gripped my thigh and squeezed. "Well, that, and your obedience. So when I say that I want you-" The warm, wet sensation flicked over the opening of my sex and I gripped the sheets. I held them even tighter when he blew on the trail he made with his tongue.

"I want you," he said, his voice filled with heat. "All of you. All of the time. Is that understood?"

The blowing was making speech difficult, but I forced a "Yes sir" between my lips.

"Good."

His tongue went back to probing me, dipping in before darting back out, leaving me panting and completely at his mercy. There was nothing but the flicks and long strides as he took stock of me--and from the moans he released, I wasn't found wanting..

Just when I got used to the rhythm of his mouth, he pulled back, his lips running along the inside of my thigh. His fingers took the place of his tongue, tracing up and down my labia.

"You're mine," he said, his voice full of yearning. But when he gripped my thighs, prying them open wider, there was an urgency. Like if he didn't have me, all of me, it would be the end of him.

I fell into the pillows, drunk off of him, knowing now without a shadow of a doubt that it's the same for me. If I didn't give myself completely and utterly to him, the world would stop turning.

He dove back between my legs, burying his mouth inside me and I felt my flesh beating against his movements. He drug his tongue along one wall, then the other, until the trails meet. He circled around my nucleus of pleasure, purposefully inching close to it before his tongue darted away. He turned it into a hardened knot, throbbing with anticipation. Begging to feel his kiss.

The rules went out the window and I tried to turn the tables, vaulting my h*ps to get my point across, but he just moved his mouth away with a deep chuckle.

He ran his hands along my thighs. "Is there something you want?"

"You," I panted. He plunged his finger back inside me and mixed it with his thumb, running over and around my knot. The sensations were divine, but I'd gotten a taste of heaven. Heaven was his mouth on me. Heaven was his tongue. "I need your tongue there."

He ejected his finger and placed it on top of my nub. "Here?"

"Mmhm," I sighed. "I need it right there."

Two fingers circled it and I let out a gasp as they became pinchers, squeezing it. I wriggled, futilely trying to close my legs as he brought me to the edge of agony and then released. But just as soon as I took a breath, he reclaimed the knot, pressing and tugging before beginning the cycle all over again.

"Jacob." I winced as he tightened around it again, the pressure bringing tears to my eyes. "Jacob, please."

His voice was nonchalant, like he wasn't using his fingers as some sort of torture device. "As soon as you stop fighting me and submit, the pain will cease."

It was easier said than done. My body seemed to have a mind of its own, needs that confounded me. The pinching was painful, but that discomfort swirled among a sea of other feelings. There was arousal, weaving in and out the pain, like strands of DNA. Every motion sent sensations and desires sparking that I never knew I had.

My ni**les swelled at his fingertips digging into my thighs and juices flowed from me in a steady stream. The power exchange, this weird punishment, was turning me on.

Confused, exhilarated, I shut off the part of me that fought him and steeled my legs, forcing them to give into him. After a few moments of exhausting willpower, I gave in to the pain and kept my legs open.

As soon as my thighs stopped drawing together, he released his hold. Time stood still as I felt his mouth inching close to it. His lips parted and he breathed--no, he blew. Just his mouth sending gentle air over the swollen knot.

"Who's in charge here, Leila? Whose needs supersede anything else?"

God he was so close. "Yours."

"That's right." His tongue ran along the perimeter of it and I began talking gibberish. All the buildup thrust me head first into sensory overload and when he took it between his lips and suckled it, I hurtled to the pinnacle of pleasure. He thrust inside me in time with his mouth and I couldn't hold back.

I screamed, the release shooting from the deepest part of me like a bullet, ripping my self doubt in two. This was irrefutable proof that I wasn't dirty or unattractive. I was just waiting for the right someone. Waiting for him.

And he wasn't done.

He rose up like some waking dream, eyes savage and muscles flexing. One hand kept me from collapsing into a post coital heap on the floor while the other steered his engorged desire inside me. I looked up into his face as he moved within me, the impassive mask long gone. He filled me, pounding and grunting and cursing until he surrendered.

We didn't say anything for a long moment, just lied side by side until our labored breathing relaxed.

I turned my head and felt my body flush when I saw he was staring at me.

"Jacob," I said softly, tracing the line of his jaw. "I-"

Too late. He turned away, rising up and stretching his arms to the ceiling. "Shower's sounding really good."

The sting of his brush off echoed through me, but I didn't dwell on it. He'd stayed the night and with this morning...it was clear he had some feelings, some attraction to me. For now, that would have to do.

I pushed off the bed and padded past him to the minibar, letting out an 'Aha!' as I wielded a bottle of vodka. "I could use a drink."

He peered over at me with interest before a smile tugged the corner of his mouth upward. "A good, hard drink, huh?"

"Worse ways to start a day, right?" I winked. I glanced around for an ice bucket because even I wasn't bold enough for the warm burn of room temp vodka. I found the plastic container then retrieved his crumpled white shirt and pulled it over my na**d frame. "Be right back."

I knew I looked just like fresh bowchickawow, but I didn't even scope out the hallway before I moved toward the ice machine at the end of the hall. I felt sexier than I'd ever thought possible; powerful even. But my new found confidence was wasted since there were no gawking tourists or women with knowing smirks. It was practically deserted except for a cluster of men at the opposite end, probably talking about something other than the woman not wearing any pants.

I turned into the concession alcove and scooped a hefty amount of ice into the bucket. When I went to put the scooper back into the holder, it slipped between my fingers. I shook off the last few bits of sleep and bent over to pick it up.

The room lit up around me and I blinked, pausing before I stood up. That was weird. Kind of like a camera flash. And then it happened again.

My heart dropped like a stone as I slowly turned to face the photographer. No--photographers. The same men who'd been standing at the end of the hall.

"Miss Montgomery!" the first said in accented English before snapping a picture of my horrified face. "How long have you been sleeping with Jacob Whitmore?"

****

I stopped pacing, but I was still in motion like I was on some demented carousel--and all I wanted was to get off. Nausea settled in my gut and I took a deep breath and let it go before I looked at Jacob. When his attention remained on the Ipad in his hands, the bubbling fear in my gut turned to scorching fury.

"Are you listening to me?"

His finger glided across the page and his forehead scrunched in concentration. Clearly not listening to me.

My mouth opened in frustration but I snapped it closed before I let out a string of expletives. To be honest, a choice word or two paled in comparison to what I really wanted to say. "Jacob!"

He glanced up at me, his eyes darkening with displeasure. "Yes?"

I crossed my arms tight against my chest, trying to keep my shaky limbs from ruling the stage and overshadowing the colossal clusterfuck my life was gonna be when those pictures hit the internet.

"Maybe you didn't understand me." My tone was sharp enough to cut and I could tell I was close to losing his attention to whatever was on the screen, just to prove a point.

I forced my inflection to what I hoped seemed less combative. I pretended I was about to tell him of all the museums I wanted to see in the city instead of photographers snapping pictures of my rear. "There were men-"

"Papparazi, correct?"

I frowned. "Yes, I guess they were."

He shrugged his shoulders. "It is to be expected." He gave me a long look and I thought I saw an undercurrent of sympathy in his eyes before his attention reverted back to his tablet. "You forgot the ice?"

I dropped my arms, my hands balling into fists. "Yes, I forgot the goddamn ice! Excuse me for being more concerned that photographers were asking me intimate questions and snapping pictures of my vagina!"

He peered closer at the screen. "They snapped one of your rear end, but the picture is grainy at best."

I launched to the bed, snatching the device from him. I gasped when I looked at the screen and saw a magnified picture of me bending over to pick up the ice scoop. I swept my finger to the left and there was a shot with me looking like a deer in headlights, my face contorted in terror.

"Oh my god." I shuddered and I pressed my hand to my temple. This couldn't be happening. "It happened an hour ago. How can it be up already?"

"How can it be up already?" he said incredulously. "To be honest, I'm surprised it took this long." He rose up and took the tablet back from me, pressing the button to put it back to sleep. "I have a feeling the local photogs had help."

I raked a hand through my hair. "What do you mean help?"

"Someone with a bone to pick," he scowled.

"Rachel," I spat, like the name was something sour on my tongue. "That bitch."

He reached for the bottle of vodka and I could tell from the tremble of his hand that he was struggling with using some expletives of his own. He took a sip of the liquid and winced as it went down. "Woman scorned and all that."

I frowned at his flagrant disregard for the seriousness of all of this. She'd actively put my name out there and now with the pictures, my face. Aside from the fact that I was clearly in a very powerful woman's cross hairs, I'd be linked with last night and labeled as one of Jacob Whitmore's women, forever. All it would take is a simple google search.

I felt dizzy and suddenly grateful I hadn't eaten anything to vomit all over the floor. "What the hell have I gotten myself into?"

"For better or worse, I'm a public figure, Leila. The one place that isn't very private is my private life." He tossed the tablet on the bed and took my face in his massive hands, forcing me to look him dead on. "I know it's not fair, but it is what it is. And it could have been a lot worse."

His thumb stroked my cheek and for a beautiful moment, I lost myself in the gentle caress, letting the rare moment of tenderness carry me to a place where there was no one, nothing, but he and I. But the niggling feeling of invasion crept back in when his hands trailed down my body, cupping the curve of my bottom. The same bottom that was probably plastered all over blogs right this minute. And Oh My God what if the mainstream ran with this?

I could see my mother perched on the couch, cursing the keyboard as she pulled up her home screen. After checking her email, she always clicked over to the 'Entertainment' section to get her fill of Hollywood gossip. She'd probably think her mind was playing tricks on her before she let out a squeal that would rock Daddy from his nap in his old recliner.

When I'd told her that I'd been promoted on my first day and Jacob needed me in Italy on our way to the airport, she'd winked and said I must have made 'quite the impression'. To her, the only weapon a woman had in her arsenal was her wiles and I'd spent most of my adult life trying to show her that brains were just as important. Those pictures would negate every single argument and when I finally called home, the first words out of her mouth would be 'I told you so'.

"Everything is going to be okay, Leila."

I looked up at him stubbornly, not sure if I wanted to hug his neck for trying to make me feel better or wring it for obviously missing the point.

"My mother might see my derriere over dinner tonight," I said acidly as I reached behind me, gripped his wrists and broke his hold. "Things couldn't be further from okay." I looked up into his face, hoping for something, some part that was digesting what I said, empathizing even, but I came up blank.

Of course he doesn't get it Lay. He's used to his sexcapades being splashed all over tabloid rags. And when he looped an arm back around my waist and sent my body crashing back into his, it was clear he wasn't taking me seriously.

He leaned down, achingly lush lips pressing against mine, trying to wear me down. Trying to get me to let go. But not even his kisses could get me to turn off my frustration.

I pulled back and let out a sigh of aggravation when his fingers gripped my chin and he forced his mouth back on mine. I kissed him back, feeling his arousal swell against me before I gave myself a mental slap and yanked from his grasp.

Distance was good. Vital if we were gonna discuss this, because I couldn't think with him so close, knowing that he was still burning hot for me. Not with a world of things he could still do to my body. Distance reminded me of a sobering fact. While he knew its ins and outs and ways to fit inside me like some lost puzzle piece, outside of the bedroom he was all thumbs. An indifferent stranger that couldn't grasp that a couple of photos would change everything.

He took a step forward and I took two back, stopping when I ran into the vanity. I heard the crystal baubles tinkle and my gut clenched at the memory of my fingers tracing them just yesterday. Today it all felt like a fantasy, like I was living someone else's life. Someone who slept with billionaires and tangoed with mega celebrities and was supposed to shrug off tawdry pictures as no biggie.

The patience in Jacob's voice was nowhere to be found when he squared his jaw. "I don't understand what this is all about. The possibility of paparazzi was outlined in the contract. In the past, it blows over as soon as they find something else to fixate on."

"I thought we weren't dredging up the past?" I snapped. "Last night you acted like bringing up an ex was a capital offense." I held up a hand when he opened his mouth to protest. "It's okay, I get it. You're in charge. You say jump, I say how high. You get to ride the fence and act like what we have is different, special--until you decide that I should just follow the script like all your other little toys." From the way his eyes were flashing, I knew that I was all but playing with fire, but I couldn't back down. Not until I said it all. "I'm not some toy. I'm not some ass shot or headline that'll be forgotten. I'm a real, breathing person...and if-" My voice caught in my throat and I stopped, swallowing before I started again. "When this whole thing between us fizzles out, I won't have a limitless bank account to fall back on."

I expected the glacial look on his face to stay the same. Uncaring. Frigid. Instead, it flickered and I watched as the ice melted and his attractive features softened. "Is that how you think I see you? As some toy to be discarded when I get bored?"

I wanted to say no...to say that last night changed everything. But it would be a lie. There was still a part of me that knew that rich or poor, a man that gets skittish whenever you open up is generally someone that isn't looking for something beyond the physical.

And wasn't that the whole point of a contract? To remove all traces that this would be anything other than a business arrangement?

So I looked at him and told him the truth that hurt. "Why wouldn't you? I let you have me in some shady stairwell fifteen minutes after we met. I knew you gave me the job and the promotion because of whatever chemistry we had, then I signed a contract agreeing to be at your sexual service." I felt the tears brim at my eyes, and they punctuated every word. "I have no right to expect anything more of you. You've made it perfectly clear from the beginning that anything more would be a mistake." The tears I'd been struggling to keep at bay broke free and spilled down my cheeks.

He stood there awkwardly, clearly disturbed by my outpouring of emotion and goddamn if that didn't make me cry even harder. "You know what? Just forget I said anything." I turned my back to him and snatched up a fistful of tissues, blotting at my leaking eyes.

"You should go," I sniffled. "There's Rachel's press conference and the junket-"

"No," he cut in, stepping up behind me.

I glanced at him in the mirror for a moment before I looked down. I was embarrassed to have him see me like this. Embarrassed that I let him get close enough to have this effect.

"Rachel can do these things with her eyes closed," he said hollowly.

I rolled my eyes at that, knowing he spoke the truth. I couldn't help but wish that maybe she woke up this morning with a blemish she couldn't hide or some papparazzo caught her tripping or with her finger up her nose. But she'd be stellar, completely on point--especially when she saw the unflattering pictures of me over her coffee.

I gripped the edge of the vanity, trying to exorcise her from my mind. When I still couldn't see anything but her smug grin I just gave up. Even if I hated her guts, I still had a job to do and not even Rachel Laraby could take that away from me unless I let her.

I straightened my spine and faced Jacob. "I need to get ready for the conference. So do you."

The callous man that had shrugged off my concerns was replaced by one that took both of my hands in his. There were no orders. In fact, he was the one looking to me, trying to show that he would follow my lead.

"Let's just spend the day together. We can go sightseeing."

I faltered. "You would go sightseeing with me?"

He nodded. "Anywhere you want to go."

Yes was on the tip of my tongue. I longed to see St. Mark's Basilica and Teatro La Finice. "So you and I are going to play tourist, while we feed our client to the scandal hungry press?"

"I'm just trying to make you happy, Leila," he said, looking at me intently. "I'm trying to show you that you mean more to me than some headline."

I couldn't stop the warmth from spreading over me at his confession. It wasn't much by normal standards, but for Jacob Whitmore, it was huge. And as much as a day in the city with him by my side would thrill me, I needed to show I was there to do more than sunbathe and museum hop. I was here to do a job.

I nibbled on my lip then dropped it. Say it--even if all you want to do is ask him to cart you away on his white horse.

"If you really want to help me, you'll let me get ready for the conference. We'll support Rachel and make sure it goes off without a hitch."

Disappointment colored his eyes. "You're sure that's what you want?"

I was so far from sure it was ridiculous and I had a feeling Rachel was going to be especially vicious, but I forced a smile. "Of course." When he looked ready to knock me over the head and carry me off like some prehistoric caveman, I insisted. "Let me do the job you hired me for."

He scratched his chin, the faint look of the stubble giving him a warm, lived in look that made me want to take him back to bed. I let out a sigh of relief when he gave me a curt nod and began to pull on his clothing from the day before.

He paused at the door, giving me one last chance. "I guess I'll see you at the venue."

My stomach was in knots, but I pushed away the urge to say the hell with it all. "I'll see you there."

****

The ballroom was packed with reporters buzzing like locusts, their eyes locked on the makeshift stage and the celebrities perched behind it. The dark comedy You and I featured an up and coming actress and even a veteran actor or two, but they weren't even a blimp on the radar. Question after question was directed at Rachel.

"Ms Laraby, how challenging was the shooting experience so close to your release from Haven Rehabilitation Center?"

Rachel gave the reporter a demure smile. "Shooting a new film is always challenging. Leaving family and friends for an extended period of time, being immersed in the story, falling in love with that story and hoping the viewer falls in love with it too...it is all extremely stressful." She glanced to her right at one of the actors from the movie. "You remember that contest you did the first weekend of shooting? First person to figure out and remember all the names of the cast and crew?"

I let out an impressed chuckle as the man picked up the baton and she settled back into her seat. She might be a bitch, but she was an expert at this. For the past thirty minutes the press fired one question after another, trying to trip her up, find some chink in her armor they could run with. She'd effectively deflected every single attempt.

"She must have been a politician in another life," I murmured, leaning over toward Jacob. He gave me a smirk before turning his attention back to the stage.

The press manager cleared her throat behind the podium. She'd been slowly losing every trace of color in her cheeks over the course of the conference until she looked physically ill. She was probably envisioning the chewing out she'd get from the studio for not steering the press back toward the movie.

"U-Uh the last question is from Marguerite Salazar from El Cine."

The reporter stood promptly. "My question is for Ms. Laraby."

Of course. The rest of the cast just sighed. This was the Rachel Laraby show--but at least it was almost over.

"One of the biggest themes of the movie is that love, however inappropriate, conquers all. Is there anyone in your life now that makes you feel the passion you carried for the antagonist throughout the movie?"

The press chattered excitedly, ready and waiting for the first scoop on the state of Rachel's love life. She'd dated Mark Stone, an action movie star off and on for three years, but since she'd emerged from rehab this last time, she'd kept a pretty tight lid on it.

My face burned red as she glanced at Jacob. The way she looked at him, the way he began to fidget in his seat; something more happened between the two of them.

And no one knew.

I went rigid, remembering the horror at seeing my pictures earlier that morning and Jacob's shrugs like it just came with the territory. If they were together, the same pictures had to have been taken of her. Incriminating photos. Private moments. But there had never been a set of grainy photos of Jacob and Rachel.

She locked eyes with me and gave me a smile that was a punch to the stomach. The pieces were falling together and the picture they painted was like a glass of water to the face. She wanted to do more than just embarrass me by getting the paparazzi to snap pictures of me. She was testing Jacob--and he failed.

He reached for me then, picking up on our silent exchange. "Leila."

I didn't dare look at him. Not when he said my name in the same low, pleading voice that he'd whispered last night when he shared my bed. Because then I imagined him whispering another name. Her name.

I rose to my feet as the conference ended, ignoring Jacob as I booked it to the stage. The press manager was rounding up the actors for a few publicity shots. I knew my face had to be as red tomato. It was flush in preparation for our exchange, making me tremble so hard that walking was hard. Talking was impossible.

The press manager gave me a hurried smile. "Miss Montgomery! Rachel will be all yours in just a second."

Rachel's emerald eyes glittered. "Nonsense, Britta. Can't you tell Leila is just bursting with something to tell me?" She maneuvered around the frazzled woman, letting out a haughty chuckle. "Leila dear, you look winded. Perhaps you should sit down."

When she reached for my arm I whipped it back. "Don't you dare touch me."

I felt the room quiet around us and I didn't need to turn to feel the reporters inching toward the edge of the stage where I stood.

Her smile curled up a few more inches but her jaw was tight. "Calm down, sweetheart."

"You think I don't know what you did?" I growled, my heart thumping in my ears. "I know it was you."

"We should have this conversation in the next room," she hissed through her teeth, the grin not faltering. "Unless you want to ruin any chance you'll ever have in this business."

The last thing I wanted was to listen to anything she had to say, but I knew she was right. As much as I wanted to deck her, a brawl with the celebrity client I was tasked with keeping away from scandal had bad idea written all over it.

She made a grand gesture. "After you."

Fuming, I preceded her, pushing aside the dark curtains that hid the double doors leading to the neighboring conference room. The room was empty except for a maid with a duster on a ladder, polishing the glittering chandelier. As soon as she saw me, she began to dismount.

"Mi perdoni, signorina." She gestured at the door. "I leave."

My face softened and I plucked a phrase from my Italian dictionary read the day before. "Va bene."

The woman immediately relaxed. She'd probably had to deal with people's attitudes and diva-like celebrity behavior all day. Or even worse, ignored altogether.

I caught a whiff of Rachel's perfume before I saw her, the musky notes of Chanel invading my nostrils. She strutted right past me, her attention on the maid who stood frozen in place. The emotions on the poor woman's face where a mixture of starstruck and terror.

"Missus Laraby," Her words were broken and unsure. "I w-was ju-"

"Can't you do whatever it is you're doing some other time?" When the woman gave her a confused look, Rachel let out a long, dramatic sigh. "Do you even speak English?"

I stepped forward, knowing that whether the woman could understand English or not, Rachel's body language needed no translation. "There's no need to be rude to her, Rachel. She was leaving."

"Don't be ridiculous," Rachel scoffed. "It's her job to be invisible." I watched in shock as she turned back to the maid and broke the words down like she was talking to a child. "You...go...now."

On the verge of the tears, the woman darted from the room, leaving us alone. Well not completely alone. It was me, Rachel, and her enormous ego.

I shook my head with disgust. "Just when I don't think you can sink any lower, you outdo yourself."

She clutched a hand to her heart. "Why thank you, Miss Montgomery."

"It wasn't a compliment." I fired back.

She turned to face me full on. "I beg to differ, sweetie. It implies that you've been thinking about me hard enough that somehow I'm the villain in this story. I, on the other hand, don't lose any sleep on glorified secretaries."

In her form fitting dress, turquoise blue bleeding into slate gray then pewter, eyes slints of emerald and teeth sparkling, she reminded me of some reptile-like creature. A snake lying low in the weeds, waiting to strike. But I wasn't her poor defenseless prey.

I knitted my eyebrows in faux confusion, twisting a corkscrew curl around my finger. "Huh. For someone that doesn't care about glorified secretaries, you sure went to a lot of trouble to try and embarrass lil' old me."

"Oh it was no trouble at all," she said flippantly. "Just a little call here, a little text there." She shrugged her shoulders. "You know how it goes."

"You should watch it, Rachel," I said feeling anger grip my throat. "Jealousy isn't a good color on you."

"Jealous of what?" she said with a snort. "From the picture I saw, who would be jealous of an ass with so much cellulite that it could be mistaken for the surface of the moon?"

My nostrils flared and holding my peace was getting harder by the minute. But I knew that was what she wanted. A reaction. "I just want to hear you say that it was you."

"What was me?" she said innocently, her false lashes fluttering around her olive eyes.

"The picture, Rachel."

"What picture?" She gave me a look full of contempt. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

"What picture indeed."

Just the sound of the deep timbre of Jacob's voice was enough to send shivers down my spine and almost make me forget the issue at hand. Almost.

Rachel's face broke into the first genuine smile she'd worn all day. "Jacob!"

Before they even got into it, I squeezed from between the two of them. It was hard enough to stomach Rachel, but Rachel making googly eyes and Jacob pretending like nothing went down between them? Nope.

"I'll let you guys play whatever game it is you're playing," I said softly. "I think I've had all the fun I can take for one day." I tossed one last glare at Rachel. With her perfectly made up face and designer dress, she looked just like a mannequin in some department store. Beautiful on the outside, but hollow underneath. "You're not worth it."

"Those pictures going live on every gossip blog in the world no doubt will be. Priceless even," Rachel snapped behind me. "I knew brushing shoulders with a photographer or two would come in handy."

My fingers hardened to ice around the door handle. I didn't move. Didn't breathe out of fear it would come off in my hand. I knew she'd done it, but hearing her say it so carelessly was a whole other animal.

"Leila." Jacob was several feet away, but I felt his voice, soothing and firm, trying to keep me from losing it.

My breath caught and I swallowed before I breathed deep and let it go, letting the flow stop me from hulking out. "You are one classy broad, Rachel Laraby."

"It must be nice up there on that high horse," Rachel goaded me. "You should have a great view of the curve of your ass."

Breathe, Lay. Just breathe. I stepped out of the conference room and let the door thud closed behind me.

The small corridor outside the conference room got foggy, tears of frustration clouding my view. I was in one of the most beautiful cities in the world, clad in a designer blouse and skirt, sharing my bed with one of the hottest, wealthiest men in America, but when my eyes closed I was back at PS 91. I was huddled in the bathroom, crying because I didn't feel as pretty as the other girls because of my wild, untameable curly hair. Because I wasn't as thin.

I knew Rachel was bullying me, just like those girls in my class had. Relentlessly. Without regard of the long term effects.

"You're an adult now," I whispered, trying to get a handle on my shaking body. But there was no denying that Rachel's words and actions cut as deep as the insults those bitches threw at me all those years ago.

"Are you okay?"

The husky voice was beside me and I gave my head a shake, forcing a smile as I held my tears fast. "I'm fine."

And I was. I would be. I just wanted her to admit it. To admit that even though she had more money than she could spend in several lifetimes, she was morally bankrupt.

And then there was Jacob. I looked into his face, the face I'd stared at in dozens of magazines and blog posts. Into the eyes I used to think were as deep and endless as the ocean. Lost in the lips I never imagined would kiss my own. I'd done things with him, the most intimate thing one could do with another person. But he was still a mystery.

"About the pictures," he began.

"Let's don't and say we did." I took a step away from him but he put his arm on the wall, blocking me in. "I get it, Jacob. She's got megabucks and that's what it would take to squash pictures. An all star client. X-rated pictures would bring a lot of drama. A lot of headache." I tried to move but he still didn't budge. The proximity of him was muddying up all the reasons why I should walk away before I fell any harder. "Please just let me go, Jacob." I forced my eyes up and met his, biting my lip. "It's okay."

"It's not okay," he said adamantly. He moved his hand from the wall, gripping my shoulders instead. It wasn't a thing of control, or trying to bend me to his will. I hadn't even been sure there was an us until I looked at him in that moment. His expression, the fear that colored his eyes. Jacob was worried I would leave. He was asking me to stay.

I managed a nod and I felt him relax. His sure hands ran up and down my arms, his touch piercing through to my skin beneath. Piercing my soul.

"I'm..." The word trailed on forever and I knew another word was meant to be tacked onto the end. A word that I'm sure he'd never, ever said aloud.

This was a big deal for him--but I wasn't letting him off that easy.

"You're what?"

He gave me that stubborn look, his jaw locked, eyes narrowing to obsidian slits.

I waited.

He hung his head then stood up tall. "I'm sorry for this morning. I didn't think about the implications of the pictures." He raked a hand through his hair. "I mean, in the past, some enjoyed the notoriety."

I pursed my lips. "Well if you think I'm the kind of girl that would-"

"I don't," he interrupted gently. He brought his hands to my cheek, his touch sending electric jolts through my body. "When I said you were different. I meant it." He leaned in close and there was no longer personal space. The smell of mint and power cocooned me. There was nothing but Jacob. There was nothing but this moment.

He leaned in, hovering just before my lips and I breathed him in with a shudder before he pressed his mouth against mine. This was more than hunger, more than sex; I felt all the words that were too hard for a man like him to say and the fact that his lips were screaming how sorry he was. How much he needed me. Guarding my heart would be impossible now. When he pulled back, his eyes tinged with mischief, I knew he already had it.

"I took care of the pictures," he said after a moment, straightening his tie. "Every single one."

I leapt into his arms, me seeking out his lips and releasing everything. What happened between him and Rachel didn't matter. All the niggling questions about him and me were answered with one sentence.

"Oh Jacob," I sighed in between smacks. "Thank you."

He pulled me closer and there was no mistaking the curve of his erection, thumping against me with need.

Feeling wild, sexy, I snaked my hand between our bodies until I cupped him, stroking him nice and slow. "Perhaps I should thank you properly."

"Ahem."

My eyes widened, half expecting another enterprising photographer ready to snap a whole new set of pictures.

But the woman that stood a few feet away wasn't holding a camera. Instead, she was holding a highly uncomfortable look.

Jacob righted himself, turning to face her and the woman's discomfort immediately turned to fear. "Mr. Whitmore, Ms. Laraby told me I could find you here..."

"It's fine, Mrs. Joy," he said, cutting her off with a chuckle. "You're in no trouble."

I didn't know if her wide eyed shock was because of Jacob's lighthearted laugh or the fact he wasn't ripping her a new one. I gave her a sympathetic smile. Trust me, I get it. Jacob Whitmore is full of surprises.

He turned a half circle. "Mrs. Joy, this is Miss Rachel Laraby. My new assistant."

The woman stepped forward and gave my hand an efficient shake. "Pleasure."

I bit back a chuckle at that. Pleasure was what we were up to when she stopped our fun. "Nice to meet you."

"Mrs. Joy is one of the lead publicists on staff and will be taking over with Ms. Laraby."

"Really?!" I heard the inappropriate glee in my voice and Mrs. Joy arched a brow.

I cleared my throat. "I mean, that's very interesting news."

Jacob's mouth was impassive but I saw the laughter twinkling in his eye as he stepped to the side and allowed me to pass. "I believe we have other things to attend to, Miss Montgomery."

Tingles danced all over my naughty places. "Absolutely, Mr. Whitmore."

I stepped out onto the main hall and once we got near the elevators, I could hear the conference door slam open. Rachel was hollering something about termination.

I didn't relax until the elevator doors slid closed and we put a few floors between us and her.

"She can't really sever the relationship with Whitmore and Creighton, right?"

He gave me an incredulous look. "Give me a little credit, Leila. Our contract with Rachel is ironclad."

I had other questions about things she could do if she got mad enough, but all the thoughts in my head turned to goop when Jacob reached for my hand, interlacing his fingers with my mine.

"I want to take you somewhere," he said, giving it a slight squeeze. "Somewhere special."

****

I thought I was completely, irrevocably in love with the hustle of the city. Venice was filled with ancient buildings bursting with history. The colors were so vivid in spite of the crumbling facade. But the colors of the country, greens so bright that I could feel them wriggling with life, took my breath away. Jacob held my hand, quiet as I gushed on and on about how lovely it all was.

It shouldn't have surprised me that Jacob's villa looked like something straight off the silver screen, but I still gawked at it from the backseat. It had an antique elegance, the house painted a cream with dark shutters, surrounded by century old trees.

"It's beautiful." I gushed, unclicking my seatbelt. I knew it was the gazillionth time I'd said the word 'beautiful' in the past hour, but no other adjectives seemed to do it justice. "Just...beautiful." Jacob's firm hand slid up the hem of my skirt, stopping only when he hit the crotch of my panties. "I can think of more beautiful things."

Heat washed all over me, simmering where the pads of his fingers pressed against my carnal slit. We could have been parked in front of a villa or parked outside of a Walmart. No one could command my body like Jacob. No one could make the world pause until his next movement. No one.

The driver's door slammed shut and with a low, dangerous chuckle, Jacob pulled his hand from beneath my skirt. That chuckle lasted no more than a few seconds, but it spoke volumes. It said that he had something planned. Something erotic. Something delicious.

My body trembled with anticipation but the driver did me a favor by not giving me one of those looks that said he knew exactly what we were up to. I took a few steps forward onto the cobblestone driveway to let Jacob out and took in the estate. The front drive was a half circle that stretched from the wrought iron gate entrance and exit. The grassy area it enclosed was maintained but not precision cut; the blades reached my ankles and gave a softer, more whimsical feel. Flowers the color of the rainbow lined a marble fountain that spritzed cool, clear water.

"Come," Jacob said behind me. "Let me show you the house."

When we stepped inside the house, paintings and rustic tapestries created a vivid picture of elegance. I could almost see some regal lord and lady vacationing here, entertaining their royal guests. He took me around to a sitting room, a library, and a kitchen that save a few modern appliances still had the rustic appeal of days long past.

"Oh my god," I said, turning in a circle as I took it all in. "I feel like I'm in Downton Abbey."

He let out a laugh as he put his briefcase on a mahogany table. "I gave the housestaff the day off. I could call them back if you want the full experience."

I looped an arm through his. "Nah. I like the idea of having the place all to ourselves."

He tucked a bundle of curls behind my ear, looking at me with an intensity that made my heart thunder in my chest. "You know what they say about great minds."

It took all I had in me to not tell him to take me then and there, right on the oriental rug, flanked by furniture that probably had enough zeroes tacked on the end to send me into cardiac arrest, but the more I stared into his eyes the more I saw the struggle.

I loosened my hold on him, his apprehension contagious. "Is something wrong?"

"No," he said unconvincingly, then gave me a sheepish look. "I...I am just concerned for you."

"What?" I said, brow wrinkling in confusion. I let out a sigh when I remembered saying our contract made me feel like he saw me as a commodity. "If this is about the house...I think it's great. I love the house."

"This isn't about the house." He paused then gave me a long, guarded look. "Well, it's about a certain room in the house where certain things are done."

Could he be anymore cryptic? "I don't get it."

"I have a room here that is suited to the erotic purposes of our arrangement," he explained, his eyes drinking me in, watching me intently. "A space where you can submit to me properly."

"Oh...Oh!" I turned all sorts of red as it dawned on me. A space.

I gulped. "Y-You mean a dungeon?"

His lips quirked into a smile. "Nothing so extreme as that. But it is equipped with certain instruments."

Instruments. My stomach tightened as I envisioned whips and swings and nipple clamps.

He was still staring at me, gauging my reactions. He must have been certain that I wasn't going to bolt because he continued. "I'm aware that the last four days have been a whirlwind for you."

I gave him a slight nod, even though a tornado, a monsoon seemed more appropriate.

"And I won't mince words. Submitting to me will be ten times more demanding of you. I will push buttons, take you to your limits and beyond. I will strip you down to the soul. You won't walk out of that room the same woman you were when you walked in." His eyes darkened. "It can be quite terrifying."

The things he was saying should have been enough to shake me from the Cinderella-like dream to the brutal reality of bondage and submission. This was more than rough sex. This would be raw. Psychological. Terrified? I was scared shitless.

But I was also intrigued.

I was starved. Like a vegetarian who'd sustained themselves on lettuce and celery then had a juicy prime rib put before them. I was tired of sexual experiences where I knew how the story would play out. I wanted to experience this. Experience him in a way so visceral that there were no words to explain it. I wanted to submit.

"If you're not ready-"

"I'm ready for this," I cut in, standing tall.

"Are you sure? Because if you aren't ready, we can take this slow." I could tell by the way he gnashed the word 'slow' that was the absolute last thing he wanted to do. And that made me want him even more, knowing that he would exert self control to make me happy.

I walked to where he stood. "Take me to the room, Jacob."

We stepped back into the main hall, the only sound our feet against the floor. The vibrant walls and tapestries ran together as he pulled me up the staircase to the second floor. I followed him down the narrow corridor, my arm tethered to his, stopping only at a door at the end.

When we pushed inside, the sharp lines and neutral colors that I associated with Jacob were alive and well. The walls were painted a non-descript beige and only a few pieces of furniture were spread across the room.

"Your office," I murmured to myself, glancing around. We had nowhere else to go, but there was no spanking bench or ball gags here.

He strode to his desk and reached beneath it. I heard a metallic click, and the bookcase groaned and opened a few inches. He moved to the bookcase and pulled it back, revealing a darkened stairwell.

He cast a devilish look at me. "You still sure about this, Miss Montgomery?"

I sashayed to the door giving him a wry smile. "Absolutely."

As I descended, I was grateful for the fact that it wasn't as dark and foreboding as I thought. Recessed lighting sent a warm glow to light every step. But it was more than that--the last time I walked down a stairwell with Jacob behind me I'd been going into the unknown. And while I had no idea what lied behind the door of his playroom, I knew that I trusted him.

I stopped at the landing, an unassuming white door in front of me.

"It's unlocked," he said behind me.

I twisted the cold door knob and opened the door. Motion detection lighting snapped on as I walked through the doorway and I took in the room.

Gone were the unaffected walls, replaced by a rich navy hue, deepened by stark white crown molding and a pearlescent white mantle framing an oversized fireplace. Once upon a time it might have been the focal point. But with the massive four poster bed and the metal contraption hanging down like a swing on the opposite wall, it was impossible to not be drawn to the piece of furniture like a moth to a flame.

I'd spied a St. Andrews cross on the far wall and an oak chest that was probably full of something of interest, but I couldn't take my eyes off that bed. It was black, shining like wood, but when I ran my hand along one of the beams, I felt the icy touch of steel.

"Wow," I whispered, dropping my other hand to the mattress. Pillowtop. The softest I'd ever felt. The contrast between the pliable touch of that and the metal chains that hung from each four corners was jarring.

"I figured you'd like the bed," he said behind me, his voice warm and enticing. "Darkly elegant." His hand rubbed the small of my back then dropped to more interesting territory, gripping my bu**ocks. "Well, when the sex swing is detached. But I see no need for pretending this room is anything except what it is."

His firm hands were kneading, massaging, making parts of me gooey with want. On closer inspection of the swing, I saw that there was a contoured center with a zipper. I fondled it and he let out a chuckle.

"That's for making things interesting."

I let out a laugh of my own at that. One of the most powerful men in the entertainment industry was a secret Dominant--nd he was about to dominate me. We hadn't even begun and my whole body was a storm of excitement and nerves. Things had been interesting for a while now--ever since I said yes.

He roped an arm around my waist, pulling me tight to him. I felt the curve of him against me and I trembled at the thought of his hands migrating to the heart of me.

"I didn't expect this to be so..." I felt the word tingling in my throat. "Exhilirating."

"And you haven't seen the other treats in the room."

I shook my head. "I-I don't want to." It came out a lot more stubborn than I meant it to and I felt his hold tighten. "I mean, I would like to try the bed. If that's okay with you."

He didn't say anything for a long moment, so I turned to him. I saw the same struggle when he told me he'd wait til I was ready. The same conflicting emotions etched in his jaw, his pensive lips, those alluring eyes. I saw the desire to completely ravage my body battling with the desire to protect me.

He licked his lips. "I don't think you're ready, Leila. You will have no control in the swing. It is designed as such that you won't even be able to look at me." His eyes glazed and I knew he was imagining me bound. "You would be completely at my mercy. Total submission and trust. It would be like asking a baby to ride a bike."

God, it was so hard to fight the urge to just tear my clothes off and tell him to just take me. But he made me want to explore. And that's what he needed to hear.

I brought my hands to the sides of his face. "Do you know how much I want to take your hand and stuff it down my panties and show you how hot the idea of the two of us on that thing makes me? Not just because the idea of being bound and completely yours makes me weak at the knees, but because I see past the mask you show to everyone else. I trust you fully and completely." I still couldn't see what way he was swaying. I cast a look at the swing then forced my back to it, turning to the corner where the St Andrews cross perched. As much as I wanted the swing, that wasn't what submission was about. Submission was about trusting him to know what I needed.

I let out a resigned sigh, shoulders slumping. "But if you say I'm not ready, then I'm not ready."

He took stock of me, his eyes indiscernible as he crossed his arms against his muscular chest. "Interesting."

I frowned. I'd just wrangled in the desire to jump his bones on the spot, whether he liked it or not, and all I got was one word. That paltry descriptor again? Interesting.

His face broke into a wide grin. "Leila Montgomery, the spitfire that gives me lip and headache at every turn, finally giving herself over to me." He breathed in deep and exhaled with a moan that rippled over me and in that moment, I knew I'd let him strap me to a cross or any other medieval torture device. Anything he wanted.

"So what's the verdict?" I said, my voice a husky whisper. His hands gripped my waist and my body instantly responded to his.

His eyes bore into me. "We will use the swing." His voice hardened to stone. "Be careful what you wish for, Miss Montgomery."

****

"It's very important that you listen and understand everything I'm about to say."

I finished stepping out of my skirt, wringing my hands in excitement as I turned to him. I wanted him to get the full effect of the black lingerie number I'd snagged at the boutique. I knew that one's boobs weren't supposed to practically spill out of the cup, but I felt as sexy as any Victoria's Secret angel. "What do you think?"

"Take them off." When I opened my mouth, he gave me a look. "You should be naked. Then get down on your knees, hands behind your back. And you will address me as 'sir' or 'Master'."

"Yes sir." Well then. I reached behind and unhooked the bra and tossed it over where my skirt and blouse were bundled, then my panties. I bent my knees to go down to the floor when his voice snapped like a whip.

"Stop."

I froze. I'd already screwed up. "S-Stop?"

He cocked his head to where I'd thrown my clothes. "Fold each piece of clothing then put them on top of the dresser in the corner." He rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. "Then come back and assume the position."

Embarrassment sent a red blush spreading across my face as I padded to the tangle of my things. I felt like I was being scolded, but this was different that the dynamic between a parent and a child. The fact that I was stark na**d and could feel his eyes watching me bend and stoop turned something simple into an erotic act. I could feel my breath quickening, my skin buzzing, the heart of me clenching in rhythm with my racing heart beat. What the hell was happening to me? I should have felt objectified, diminished, but having him order me to do this chore made me quiver.

I moved to the dresser and placed the folded clothes on top then returned to where he stood and dropped to my knees, drawing my hands behind my back.

"Good girl," he said huskily, smirking at me with approval. "When we play, things can get kind of intense. Many use a safe word, but I find it's best to use a system most can remember. When I'm balls deep inside you or pushing you to the point you're delirious with pain and pleasure, remembering some obscure color or item can be problematic." He made a slow circuit around me. "The colors we will use are green, yellow, and red. Green means you're good. More, if you will. Yellow means that things are approaching the point of being unbearable. Ease up, rearrange. Less. And red means that you've hit the wall. No more. Stop." He stroked my hair. "You have no need of using green and yellow unless I ask you what your color is intermittently. You will use red whenever you need to. Understood?"

I nodded.

The hand locked in my hair tightened. "Verbal communication is key, Leila. Understood?"

"Yes sir," I replied, the feel of him tugging my hair then releasing making me throb. Green.

"Are you ready to begin?"

"Yes sir."

"Get on your feet and walk to the side of the bed." His voice was husky and crisp as I rose up on wobbly legs and obeyed, walking to the bed and waiting for further instruction.

"On the bed. Spread eagled."

I crawled onto the bed, the canvas swing rubbing against my bare skin. I spread out, jolts of pleasure sparking all over me. I heard him move to my left and let out a hiss of longing when I felt his fingers tracing up and down my back.

"In this room, you belong to me. Understood?" he said sternly.

"Yes sir." The waiting, the building pressure in me that I couldn't release was all part of submitting wholly to Jacob.

His hands diverted to the arm closest to him and I shivered as I felt the cool lick of metal then the warm lining of the binds as he clicked a shackle around my wrist. He made a slow circuit around me, securing both legs and the other wrist. I tugged a bit, the rational part of me flaring. Even if I wanted to run now, there'd be no way to free myself.

He must have picked up on it because his hands returned to my back. I couldn't turn my head far enough to see him, but it lined up with what he said. I had to trust him.

"What is your color, Leila?"

Yellow was on my tongue, but I knew it was mostly not being in control. I didn't think he'd hurt me--it was just the unknown. And as his hand drifted down, caressing the curve of my bottom, I knew there was no way in hell I wanted him to stop.

"Green," I murmured. I gasped as his hand collided against my cheek, sending pain ricocheting across me. Another hit the other cheek. Then a third. He just spanked me...but instead of being appalled, it made the place between my thighs clench.

"Louder, Leila!" he barked. "What is your color?"

"Green," I said, with more volume. God don't stop now.

"Next time I have to ask you twice to obey or you forget the rules, you'll get six. Understood?"

"Yes sir."

"Good girl."

It was just two words but there was something about the way he said that made me writhe against the bed like something in heat. The authoritative snap wrapped in the smoky passion that curled around every order.

His hand was soft as he rounded my bottom, dipping down towards the part of me that wept for him.

"You're soaking wet for me, aren't you?" he breathed.

"Yes," I said, wanting him to dip inside. To feel his fingers plunge into me. But I realized my mistake too late and his hand came down on my backside. The first stung and each one after increased times two. By the time we reached four, I yelled in pain.

"You're nearly there," he said, bringing his hand down twice more with the same intensity. "When you break the rules, you will be punished." He paused. "Yes what?"

I felt the tears spilling down my cheeks. "Yes sir."

"That's right." His hand gently stroked my bottom. "Your color?"

My bottom still hurt, but his fingers were venturing toward my secret place. He was fondling, teasing me with fingers and with every pulse, pleasure latched onto the pain, leaving nothing but ecstasy.

"Green, sir."

With that. he thrust several fingers inside me, my body taking them in and out with thirsty smacks. He ground into me, one hand on my bottom, gripping and stroking, the other fanning the flames of passion inside me. I wanted to buck against him, to take him deeper, but the restraints didn't allow me the luxury. All I could do was moan over and over as my inner muscles squeezed his fingers.

I knew I couldn't do anything without his permission, but the onslaught of him was making coherent thought near impossible and with that, the ability to keep my cl**ax at bay.

"Don't you dare come," he commanded. But he must have felt that my body had a mind of its own because he let out a growl and a few choice words as he increased the rhythm. "God you're so beautiful. So beautiful."

"Oh god," I said hoarsely. "I want to hold on s-sir, but it feels so good."

He ejected from me immediately, but my body was still shaking, still ready to release it all. I let out a squeak as I felt the swing lift and I was hanging a few feet off the mattress. I was floating, feeling my juices drip and gush. I heard him unbuckling, unzipping and he was behind me.

"Don't you dare come until I say so, understood?"

The pressure in the heart of me was threatening to explode at any minute. "Yes sir!" Please say it soon. Please.

As soon as I replied, he thrust into the wet, filling me up and leaving not one part that wasn't possessed. I was his. All his.

He jackhammered in and out and both of us cried out together. With abandon. Screaming. Cursing. My body was shuddering, vaulting to the precipice of ecstasy.

"Please sir," I said in between pants. I never talked dirty, but the words fell from my lips as easily as breathing. "Please let me come on your cock. Please."

He kept slamming in and out of me furiously and I wondered if he heard me. He was like a thing possessed, completely unlike the controlled man outside of this room.

Finally, he let out a roar that reverberated around the room. Through me. "Come, Leila. Come NOW!"

I didn't think it was possible to cl**ax on command, but as soon as he said the words, I felt every part of me shake violently. I could do nothing but remain suspended, a slave to him and the dark desires he stoked as passion consumed me. I could feel the intimate parts of me squeezing him with rhythmic need and just when I began to come down, the warmth of him finding his release swept me back up in the torrent of ecstasy. It was as close to heaven as I would ever be.

When he released me from the bondage system, I slumped against him, more tired than I had ever been. Physically, parts of me I never even knew existed ached. Mentally, my head spun with my actions.

I'd given Jacob complete control of me. He decided when I needed to be "discliplined". I still didn't understand the erotic pangs that echoed over me at the very word. He decided when I needed his touch and where. Savage and possessed or heartrendingly gentle. He even decided when I could let go and give into the bliss of the things he did to me. And in turn I got the most powerful romp....well, ever. Curling up beside him, my body still rocked with aftershocks.

"You did well," he said, his low voice soothing. He brought an arm around me protectively, breathing in and exhaling like this was his heaven. Exactly what he needed. "I've got some cream for your bottom. So you won't bruise from the spanking."

I perked my head up, grinning from ear to ear. "Jacob Whitmore: dominant and bedside nurse."

He leaned in, lips grazing mine until he gave me a kiss as soft as a whisper. "Watch it."

He turned to leave the bed, but I tugged his arm. "Can you hold me for a little while longer?"

He slid back to me, face to face. There was a look in his eyes that made my temperature rise all over again. Like he could go another round or two. Like he just couldn't get enough. When he opened his mouth I was expecting a question that was along the lines of, "Again?", but he said something else entirely.

"You asked me a question yesterday." When I scrunched my face in confusion, he elaborated. "About me and Rachel."

I shook my head. "You don't have to answer it."

"I do," he insisted. "She tried to start a scandal with you at the center, Leila. I owe you an answer."

He wouldn't get any further protests from me. If he was ready to talk, I was ready to listen. "Alright."

"It was about a year ago. And it was over before it even began." His eyes were blue as the sky, ever changing, like he was reliving those moments. "I lost someone very close to me. Lost him before I could square things between us."

I wondered if it was his father, but didn't want to interrupt this rare moment of seeing the man behind the curtain.

"She was coming out of some fresh crisis herself and needed almost constant supervision," he continued. "We spent a lot of time together."

I bristled at the idea of them being this intimate. Her body strapped in the swing. Beside him. In this very bed.

A smile softened his face as he caressed my cheek. He was reading my mind. "I never brought her here, Leila."

My mouth formed an 'o' of surprise. "I just assumed..."

"She's unaware of my extra requirements in the bedroom," he said, still smiling. "I can count on one hand the amount of times I shared my bed with her and each time was more vanilla than the last." He let out a sigh. "We had zero chemistry and I ended it."

I could imagine him saying that to her--and the ensuing temper tantrum. "I'm guessing she didn't go quietly into that good night?"

"You'd be right," he said with a bitter chuckle. "She seems to have built this elaborate romance, turning the two of us into star crossed lovers. But that's not our story."

I propped my hand under my chin. "And what's our story, Jacob?"

He swept my bangs from my eyes, his fingers lingering. "Well for starters, you're not the latest in a long line of submissives. I've had a similar arrangement twice before."

I couldn't believe it. "Only two others? But I thought..." I remembered the sly jabs of the woman from the boutique, the flight attendant.

"I know." He brought a single finger down, tracing the line of my jaw. "And just to be clear, this-" He gestured between us. "Talking, being near one of another afterwards, you are the only one."

Oh my god. I was definitely blushing now. I tilted my head down, but he brought my chin back up gently.

"Don't do that," his eyes sparkled playfully. "You're so beautiful when you're embarrassed." I gave him a look and he let out a raucous laugh. "And when you're being stubborn. Just like the day we met."

I bit my lip, the memory of the nerves and the thrill skating over me. "I wanted you so bad."

"You and me both," he said, his voice taking on the husky edge that drove me wild. "More than I ever wanted anyone."

It was exactly what I wanted to hear, but I hesitated when he brought his lips to mine. Jacob cared about me, but I knew something now with certainty. Something that could complicate everything.

I was in love with Jacob Whitmore.

