Getting the chance to drive Jacob's 'baby' should have been a momentous occasion. I'd fallen in lust with the Maserati the moment I saw it. With its smooth lines, contours and an engine that you could feel vibrating all over your body, I often imagined what it would feel like to wrap my hands around the steering wheel. To feel the wind whipping my hair as I set the asphalt on fire.

Instead, when he handed me his keys and opted to drive my Sonata, all I felt was an aching wariness. Apparently Alicia Whitmore 'didn't do sports cars'. She looked even less thrilled about riding in my sedan.

I watched Jacob ease his mother into the passenger seat then slide behind the wheel. I took a few steadying breaths and started the Maserati, following their car to Alicia's hotel.

Before you think I'm the worst, I was thrilled when she made a quick recovery. The doctor said she was practically at a hundred percent and green-lit her discharge from the hospital. I couldn't have been happier--for both human decency and selfish reasons. Selfishly because it meant Jacob could spend more time at home instead of the hospital. And I had compassion for the woman and was genuinely glad that she'd recovered after the heart attack and was doing well enough to be released.

It didn't change the fact that I had an unsettling feeling at the bottom of my stomach. Her clean bill of health also meant she was doing well enough to make good on her promise to give me and Jacob 'the best wedding since the royal affair'.

Our definitions of 'best' differed. Mine wasn't prestigious enough to put in history books. I just wanted something small and memorable because it focused on me and Jacob. Alicia's concept called for an army of people. From her rumblings as she ignored the doctors pleas to take it easy as she plugged away on her Mac, she was going to fix the national economy crisis with our ceremony alone.

She hired Lindy Alistair, one of the most prolific (and expensive) wedding planners in the States, who'd been ferociously corresponding with Alicia since she paid her monstrous fee. I had to grin and bear it through conference calls, nodding hesitantly as they came up with the concept for the wedding. A concept that I'd been trying to escape since Jacob and I first started dating:

A Cinderella Story.

The only thing we'd agreed on was that we didn't want it held in a church. They'd decided to do it at Greenwald Gardens instead, a historic, Victorian house just outside the city with acres of lush green landscaping and marble statues that screamed money. Lindy called it 'delightfully luxe'.

I'd only seen pictures online--and I hated it.

As we eased onto the bustling street, angled toward Alicia's hotel, I kicked myself. Not literally, but mentally, I was bruised from head to toe. With every smile, every nod, every lie, I dug myself deeper in a hole, suffocated by regret. I was dreading my own wedding. It was supposed to be the happiest day of my life and I was scrambling to pick a date so I could start a countdown until it was over.

"What's wrong with you?" I said aloud, the scold echoing through the empty car. I didn't bother with a response because it would be a little strange having a conversation with myself and also because I knew the answer. Jacob was worth billions of dollars. Small and simple wasn't in his dictionary. All eyes were on us, everyone and their mama already verbally affirming that he'd downgraded by choosing me. If we didn't have the huge affair that all the gossip magazines and shows were hinting at, completing the Cinderella narrative they'd created--

They? Them? Why are you listening to everyone but you? And Jacob? It is your wedding, right?

But that wasn't exactly true. Jacob was a public figure. And as his fiance, his future wife, so was I. That meant whether I liked it or not, the public pinned their hopes and dreams on us. It was the price of fame.

We pulled into the valet lane in front of Alicia's hotel and I almost laughed as the valets practically rock/paper/scissors-ed for the chance to drive the Maserati. I opened the door and handed them the keys, a tiny part of me annoyed that I didn't even enjoy the likely one and only time Jacob would let me drive it.

I barely had time to dwell on the rueful moment because Alicia was beaming, holding out her elbow for me. Like we were old friends about to go on a friendly stroll.

My eyes darted to Jacob and he sent me a silent order.

Behave.

I took her arm with a smile and glared at Jacob over her head.

We stepped inside and the concierge was waiting, a bubbly girl that didn't even look old enough to have such a job, complete with blond hair and a Valley Girl accent.

"Mrs. Whitmore, I did as you asked and let the photographers camped out hear me say that you'd be staying with your son." She was practically giddy with excitement. "They cleared out almost immediately!"

I glanced at Alicia who was smiling conspiratorially with the young woman. "Thank you, Delilah." She looked back at me and winked at my surprise. "This isn't my first time at the rodeo, dear."

It made sense that she'd know the old bait and switch play. At the height of his fame, Carlton Whitmore was sure to have had photographers hounding him and his family. I was only known as an extension of Jacob and now that we were engaged I could barely get a cup of coffee in peace. To have any privacy, any sense of normalcy, one had to get creative.

More than surprised I was impressed that she'd thought ahead and worked something out with the hotel staff. Her misdirection was genius and we didn't have to deal with flashing cameras on top of everything else.

I stopped in the lobby, waiting for Jacob.

Alicia shook her head, her salt and pepper bob swishing. "We can head on up to the apartment. Lindy is waiting."

My eyes bulged. "What?"

"There's so much to be done," she explained, dragging me in the direction of the elevator. "If you want the ceremony as soon as possible as you've stressed on several occasions, we have to set everything in motion."

Just tell the truth! "Um--" I racked my mind for something, not sure she could handle the truth. She'd just been hospitalized for crissakes. "Should you be doing anything strenuous?"

She gave me a look before punching her floor button. "It's wedding planning, not a 5K."

Classical music spread through the silence as I stood there, silently freaking out. I was glad the elevator didn't stop for other passengers because I was pretty sure I'd explode if I had to move one inch.

This was too much. I had to say something--or it really would be too late.

The doors parted and I didn't realize I was still standing inside the elevator until she said my name.

"Leila?"

I blinked and Alicia was in front of me, concern in her gray eyes.

The doors started closing so I hit the door open button, then wished I hadn't.

"Is everything alright?" Her name rung out and the truth I was about to finally release was wasted. She'd already started down the hall before I could say 'No'.

I sighed and followed her, finally seeing Lindy Alistair in the flesh. She seemed much younger than Macy Scott, both physically and demeanor-wise. She had long, jet-black hair except for blunt bangs that slashed across her forehead. While most would hide their freckles behind foundation and concealer, she rocked hers proudly. The spots sprinkled one cheek before spreading over the bridge of her button nose and spilling onto the other cheek. Big blue eyes were framed by dark, thick lashes. I was surprised by her casual dress, her thin body clad in an oversized plaid shirt, denim shorts, and gladiator sandals. She looked ready to meet a friend for coffee, not discuss the wedding of the century. And standing in the hall of Alicia's posh hotel, she looked downright dowdy.

She held out her hand, bubblegum pink nails glittering. "It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Leila!"

I shook her hand gingerly and stood their awkwardly as she and Alicia hugged like they were best friends.

"And you," she said, holding Alicia at arm's length, worry clouding her face. "Are you alright? We totally could have done this after you got settled in."

Alicia plunked her key from her clutch and we spilled into her suite. "Don't be silly. Thanks for meeting us, Lin."

"Of course," Lindy answered, picking at her bracelet. "I'm still a little shocked you wanted to see me so soon after you left the hospital."

Alicia waved her hand, dismissing the statement. "I'm not an invalid. And we have a lot of ground to cover if we're going to get them down the aisle in three weeks."

"Three weeks?" I hissed, clutching my chest. Heart attacks weren't contagious, but damn if I wasn't feeling all the symptoms. Pressure tightened my chest. Nausea settled in my stomach and the urge to vomit was overwhelming. I couldn't catch my breath and my heart banged in my chest.

Lindy took my reaction in slowly before looking back at Alicia. "I was under the impression the bride was aware of the date?"

Alicia glided to the wet bar. "She said as soon as possible. Short of Vegas or eloping, that's as soon as possible."

She was right, I had said ASAP and while a tiny part of me jokingly just wanted to get on with it, honestly, I thought I'd have enough time to talk my way out of it. Three weeks nixed that as an option.

I tugged at the front of my blouse, heat slapping me in waves as sweat dashed down my spine. Lindy looked genuinely concerned. Her eyes told me that she could tell something was very wrong.

I gave her a pained smile. "Could you give us a second?"

"Absolutely," she answered quickly. "I'll be right outside."

I waited until Alicia poured herself something to drink before I gathered myself, ready to come clean.

"Alicia--"

The door swung open and I got ready to tell Lindy off, but it was Jacob standing there, handsome face pulled into a scowl.

He came in, his voice tight with anger. "Mother, why is a wedding planner outside your hotel room?"

I sighed with relief. Thank god. He was going to end this whole mess.

"I thought you agreed no wedding planning until we got you settled in."

My heart plummeted. Just a stay of execution, then.

He started admonishing her for the alcohol she was gingerly sipping, but I tuned the conversation out. I didn't care that it was 11am. I maneuvered around them and pulled out the vodka. The clear liquid sloshed into the glass and I brought the rim to my lips, still trying to figure out how to say this, especially with Jacob in the room. How to tell her thanks but no thanks, even though she practically said this was her life's goal. On her freaking deathbed.

"You were literally in the hospital half an hour ago," Jacob growled, taking her glass away. "Booze, visitors, stress..." He trailed off and I looked over at him. He was genuinely pissed. Not because she'd disobeyed him.

He was afraid. Worried.

He loved her and was terrified she'd end up back in the hospital.

I took another sip. I wanted to believe that Alicia changed, that she was gonna try. For Jacob's sake. For her own sake--because Rachel Laraby was a walking, talking billboard for how hate can devour a soul and make a beautiful person a monster.

This wedding meant so much to Alicia. She was barely home and was already working to make sure everything was perfect.

I just didn't have it in me to break her heart.

Me, not wanting to hurt a woman who'd hurt me so effortlessly. It would have been funny if it wasn't so sad. If it didn't mean sacrificing my dreams.

****

Mia Kent walked into the ladies room and I barely recognized her. The soft lines of her face were the same, along with wide blue eyes that glared at my slack-jawed expression.

The bleach blond length with one side brutally short was now a dark, chocolate brown. A single plait weaved down her shoulder and the shorter side was smooth, the symmetrical nature of the haircut camouflaged. Except for a peach bronze on her cheeks and a glossy sheen on her lips, Mia wore no makeup. Instead of some hipster number that showed too much skin, she wore a black romper paired with a cropped denim jacket and animal print flats.

"Mia," I breathed, staring at her with awe, "You look amazing!"

Her annoyance faded into a hesitant smile. "I do?" She fingered the dark locks gingerly. "This is as close to my natural color I've been in a long time."

I was so used to the blond that it was a shock to the system, but the rich color accentuated her features, intensifying her electric blue eyes. "The color is beautiful, the outfit is casual, yet sophisticated--" I paused, the slight smile on my lips broadening. "I'm impressed."

"And you--" She stopped. Her eyes slowly took me in, decidedly less awestruck. "Uh..."

'Uh' was right. Sure, I was wearing all the right pieces--a cobalt blue blouse, a cream colored skirt and nude heels--but it all looked kinda meh because the rest of me was pretty lackluster. My hair rioted against all attempts at taming it, determined to do nothing except frizz, so I piled it on top of my head. All the hairspray and gel in the world couldn't smooth my flyaway curls, so it looked like I'd taken a section of hair at the crown of my head and tried for a ponytail while the rest just did its own thing.

A lack of sleep meant I had bags beneath my eyes and my complexion was splotchy and irritated. Mia looked ready for a new chapter--I looked like a beat up edition far past its prime.

She stepped up beside me, taking the foundation from my hand. "Long night?"

"Something like that." I answered. Considering her signature look was drag queen chic, I should have been a little more apprehensive when she took the sponge and went to work. I decided to just go with it. At this point, you're so low you can't go anywhere else but up.

"Does this have to do with Jacob's mom?" she asked cautiously.

The cowardly answer was yes. Alicia had pretty much disregarded Jacob's pleas and kicked the planning into overdrive. From this moment until the wedding, there would be no such thing as free time.

Jacob was so preoccupied with making sure she didn't do anything to strenuous that it was pretty much all Alicia Whitmore, all the time.

But the fact remained that the reason I tossed and turned all night was the same reason I'd tossed and turned ever since Alicia decided to become Mother-in-Law of the Year. I was pissed at myself for not speaking up. Not asserting myself. As easy a target as Jacob's overzealous mother was, she was a symptom, not the disease.

I wasn't gonna unload on Mia. Not when she'd come here with her A-game. "It's cool. I'm just tired."

She didn't push it, shrugging a shoulder as she finished, standing back. Since she wasn't cringing, I took it as a good sign, but still hesitantly turned back to the mirror.

I had to give credit where it's due--she'd worked some kind of magic on my face. My eyes still told the truth of the hour or so of sleep I'd gotten, but the bags had been camouflaged. My cheeks were perky and smooth instead of droopy and blah. I didn't even protest when she stepped toward me and started tugging my hair band from its futile position, freeing my curls to bounce past my shoulders. I was about to look like an eighties rock star, but I figured it couldn't be much worse than what I looked like before. She pulled a clip from her pocketbook and spun me around to face the sink. She twisted two bunches and brought them around to the center of my head and secured them. The contrast between the controlled twists and my wiry curls worked. It was the perfect style to compliment my light makeup and soften the fierce lines of my outfit.

"Mia..." I didn't know what else to say besides that. I just couldn't believe she'd done what took an army of stylists an hour to pull off in five minutes. And there was another, not so nice reason I was so shocked.

She gave me a knowing smile. "Surprised the magazine's favorite 'How Not to do Your Makeup' target can show restraint?"

I bit my lip peevishly. Guilty as charged. "It really looks amazing, Mia." I turned back to the mirror to stare at my reflection. I kept finding some new contour that accentuated my cheekbones or made some feature really pop.

"If this acting thing doesn't work out, I think you have a bright future as a makeup artist." I'd said it jokingly, but my smile dropped as soon as I saw her crestfallen face. I wheeled to face her, hands on her shoulders. "What's wrong?"

Her blue eyes hardened to ice. "You don't have to make fun of me. I know it's not that great."

I gaped at her. I was no comedian, but I thought it was relatively clear that I'd been joking--and definitely not with malicious intent.

"I wasn't making fun of you," I said firmly, making sure she caught how serious I was. "It's really gorgeous. You're very talented."

She didn't seem too convinced, which gave me pause. Mia was fairly confident, but at that moment she didn't look too sure of anything. She looked cornered, like she wanted to run and hide.

How did a girl with so much talent wilt before my very eyes?

I frowned, remembering her shaky relationship with her family. That was the only thing that made sense. I'd clearly unearthed some scar, a deep hurt where someone she'd cared about killed her creative spirit. They took something she was passionate about and told her she wasn't anything extraordinary.

She shrugged out of my grip, the sight of her pulling on a mask chilling. I was used to the sting of frustration as I watched Jacob hide away his vulnerability, but not Mia. It left a dull ache in my chest.

"We should get down to the conference room." She held open the door, flashing me a mischievous smile that blurred the dark moment we'd just shared. "We don't want to leave Rachel waiting."

I rolled my eyes at the sound of that name. Even with reinforcements I wasn't looking forward to being in the same room as Rachel Laraby.

When I first started dating Jacob, I thought my life was becoming closer to something out of the movies. If my new life was a movie and I was the heroine and Jacob was the hero, Rachel would undoubtedly be the villain. There was no escaping her jealous clutches and I felt like now that our wedding had a date and wasn't some far off thing, she'd amped up her efforts to win him back.

She'd been purely evil since we met. Literally laughing at the idea that Jacob could be attracted to me. Forcing me to be a pawn in her game to break us up. Lying to Jacob's mother about my intentions. No one would fault me for holding a grudge after all she'd put me through. And it should have been easy-peasy to match her jerkiness, blow for blow, and still have plenty of animosity left, but I couldn't sink to her level.

Obviously, my politeness wasn't working either.

But I still couldn't make myself be brutal. I knew what it was like to lose Jacob and even though it was only a few days, it felt like a lifetime. I couldn't breathe without him. I couldn't be without him. Her sense of loss monsooned mine because there she was, thinking she meant something to him, loving him, then finding out it was all a lie. I wouldn't want to believe it either. I'd fight tooth and nail for him too.

But I'd reached the end of my rope. She'd done too much--and now she was bringing Mia in the middle of it.

Enough was enough.

I followed Mia into the elevator, readying the game plan. "So, I'll open by thanking everyone for attending and then go right into clarifying this whole thing. I'll discuss how noble the mission of Reach is, but make it crystal clear that at this time--"

"I think we should just go with it."

The elevator stopped on our floor and I froze, confused. "What?"

Mia was moving like a girl on a mission. Like she wasn't going completely off-script. "She wants to do good, right?" she said over her shoulder. "Sweep in and save the day? Fix me? I say we let her."

My heels clicked on the floor as I rushed to catch up with her. "That's not what we agreed on, Mia." Nor what I told Rachel to expect. Surprisingly, she didn't fight me on it when I told her we were putting a stop to this whole Reach lie. Probably because she knew I'd be the bad guy and she'd come off looking like roses.

Mia wasn't slowing. "I have a plan. You just have to trust me."

I could see the press filtering into the room and my stomach knotted. "The room is going to be packed with reporters, Mia. You've gotta give me more than that."

"It's better if I didn't. Plausible deniability and all of that."

My eyes bulged as I huffed and puffed. 'Plausible deniability'? What was she going to do, take her out? "You're not making me feel better here."

She slowed a little, letting me catch my breath before flashing me a reassuring grin. "It'll be okay, Leila. Rachel's a bully--and I know how to handle bullies."

Something in her voice reminded me of the past. The sad girl in the bathroom. The girl that couldn't believe that it would ever get better. I wanted to hug Mia--but that was quickly replaced with the desire to tackle her when she continued down the hall, catching Monique's eye.

There'd be no stopping her now.

I took a few more breaths, trying to make the lie Mia said so confidently stick. The lie that this train wasn't off the rails. That it would all work out. I plastered a smile on my face and forced myself forward, shaking Monique's hand and following Mia through the door.

Flashes erupted and when I looked past the sparkling lights I saw Rachel was already on stage. She'd pulled her hair back into a low bun and wore a perfectly respectable bone colored sheath dress with blush colored pearls. She gave me a toothy grin and I knew her well enough to know that she was already gloating.

I joined her onstage, shaking her hand for the camera even though I really wanted to wring her neck.

"It's so lovely to see you." Rachel gestured at the seat beside her. "I saved a seat for you."

I narrowed my eyes, but held onto my smile for dear life as I lowered myself onto the chair.

Monique strode to the podium, her rich, baritone voice silencing the excited chatter. She cleared her throat and smoothed the front of her crisp suit.

"On behalf of Whitmore and Creighton, I want to thank you all for coming to this question and answer session regarding the organization Reach.

As you all are aware, our client, actress Rachel Laraby, was moved by Mia Kent's brush with death. She had a novel idea to create an organization that would offer troubled youth the opportunity to be mentored by industry professionals and make positive contacts. We've invited them all here to talk more about their organization."

She gave me a nod and butterflies stormed my gut as I rose to my feet. Rachel was all but cackling, but both of us froze when Mia rose to her feet.

The young starlet moved to the podium, flashing the audience a bright smile. "It means so much to me that you all are here to support this great organization." Something told me that she knew that eighty percent of them were hoping for some sort of meltdown. "I know when I first heard about Reach I was stunned. As a young actress, I grew up watching Ms. Laraby's lovely movies. But mostly, I was honored. Especially when Ms. Laraby opened her home to me."

Rachel gasped and when the attention flitted to her she forced a smile, smoothing over her abrupt reaction.

"I can't wait to move in and begin the immersive component of Reach--" Mia paused, waiting until everyone was literally waiting with bated breath. "Twenty-four seven mentoring."

I had to bite my lip to stop from bursting into laughter. Beside me, Rachel was fighting the urge to meltdown. Her eyes were practically out of her skull. Her face was red from holding back her true reaction: fury. She was struggling to act like this was all part of the plan. After all, if she didn't act like she was on board, she would look like a diva.

Mia turned to face Rachel, clutching a hand to her chest with adoration. "The late night rom-com marathons, clubbing, concerts, shopping, script evaluations--I can't wait to share my life with you, Ms. Laraby. I can already feel the positive impact of the Reach experience...and we're just getting started." She led the applause then urged the audience to get on their feet.

I joined them, grinning deviously down at Rachel's shell-shocked face.

Checkmate.

****

What's the worst that can happen?

That was the thought that flitted through my mind as I tried to give myself a pep talk, four blocks from the restaurant where my mother and Alicia were finally meeting. To talk about the wedding.

Me, my mom, and Alicia. Talking about the wedding of my nightmares.

And you just said the jinx of all jinxes, I thought silently, inner voice wagging its finger disapprovingly. You are so screwed.

I took a deep breath and pushed myself forward. I didn't believe in jinxes anyway. And after the week I'd had, I had every right to be optimistic.

It started off with Mia's slap down of Rachel at the conference. To Rachel's horror (and my delight) it wasn't some sort of practical joke. To make sure Rachel didn't just pull of her mask once the cameras stopped rolling, Mia picked a photographer to shadow her throughout the experience to capture every second. I almost felt sorry for Rachel as Mia started talking about sleepovers and 'braiding each other's hair'. Monique commented that she hadn't seen me so happy since Jacob proposed. She seemed so sure it was due to the positive reception Reach got at the question and answer session that I didn't have the heart to tell her it was because seeing Rachel terrified felt like Christmas morning.

That was Monday. Tuesday brought an actually civil conversation with Natasha, I got something other than glares at Missy's meeting on Wednesday, and Thursday Jacob surprised me with omelets in bed. I'd been so cloud nine, deliciously optimistic that when my mother suggested a ladies brunch, I'd almost auto-replied yes.

Almost.

I hadn't been nearly apprehensive enough, but I was making up for it with each step that brought me closer to the Plum Cafe. After meeting Megan there for crepes since we discovered it a month ago, it had become one of my splurge worthy stops in the city. It was extremely pretentious with its blaring white walls and artisan pieces that looked like they'd copy and pasted the showroom at West Elm. One bite of their berry and cheese crepe and all was forgiven.

I'd chosen a striped shirt dress that was light enough that I was cool despite the nearly triple digit weather, but not sheer enough that I'd give everyone a preview of my underwear. It was just the right amount of casual and dressy that I felt comfortable without looking intentionally dressed down. And comfortable was good. Comfortable was exactly what I needed to face lunch with my mother and Alicia.

I pushed my shades up, pinning my dark curls away from my face as I stepped up to the door. The hostess gave me a smile of recognition and I felt the heat rush to my cheeks. That had been happening a lot more lately. Probably because the news got wind of our wedding date and suddenly our nuptials were plastered all over the place. A real Cinderella Story, proof dreams really do come true.

"Miss Montgomery!" she gushed, every tooth in her mouth gleaming at me. "Your party's already waiting."

I frowned, not believing they were here and I didn't know it through means other than the hostess' declaration. I'd half expected I'd hear them before I saw them, shouts ringing out above the painfully abstract indie music pilfering from the speakers.

Both women had strong personalities, thinking their way was the only right way and everyone else was doing it wrong. I figured I'd be the referee; it was the reason I'd all but jogged the half a mile from the office, wanting to get in the middle before blood was shed. I wasn't betting on silence or the two women behaving.

"Is everything alright, Miss Montgomery?"

I cleared through the haze, blinking rapidly as I stepped out of my head and tuned into what the hostess was trying to say. Her big brown eyes were round with concern, mouth pulled into a hesitant frown of her own before she started sputtering an apology.

"I'm so sorry, I just think you and Jacob are adorable..." She clasped a hand over her mouth like she'd just said a cuss word.

I would have chuckled if I didn't know her overcompensating for some mistaken slight wasn't rooted in reality. Despite having 'cafe' in the title, the restaurant was no stranger to A list clientele--along with A-list attitudes.

"It's alright," I reassured her with a smile. "We don't get adorable very often. Mismatched, maybe. Adorable? Not so much."

Relief flooded her face as she returned the smile. "Well, most people are idiots." She moved to the front of the hostess stand. "Right this way."

I maneuvered through the sleek tables, smirking at the myriad of women still wearing their oversized shades indoors and men with their eyes glued to their phone screens. Waiters in white shirts, black slacks, and weary plastic smiles rotated around the room like parts of a carousel. Round and round, like the knots that rolled and tightened in my stomach as we moved closer to what I knew would be nothing but drama. We stepped up to the table where Mom and Alicia were both quietly sipping glasses of wine. Both women's faces brightened when they saw me, the same relief the hostess wore when she realized I wasn't going to demand her job on a silver platter. It was the relief of being put out of your misery.

I pulled out the chair in between them and ordered a glass of wine of my own. I was gonna need it.

Mom was the first to reach over, the sides of her mouth nearly reaching her hairline. Everything about her face looked strained and pushed to the limit, intensified by her heavy makeup and gray lined hair pulled into a tight, high bun. "It's so good to see you sweetie." She leaned in and kissed my cheek. "You look lovely." She cupped my cheek, eyes narrowing me as she inspected me closer. "And thinner. Though I guess at all of these fancy restaurants they only give you a spoonful or two of food and call it a day--"

"But thin is good," Alicia interrupted smoothly. Her feline features shone as her lips split into a glittering grin. "Thin means beautiful wedding pictures."

I cringed, not a huge fan of talking about weight and even less so with all of the clear tension between them. The awkwardness hung on the air, thick enough that I could cut it with a knife. An inflammatory topic like weight would just make things worse.

I had no intention of commenting about any highly unlikely weight loss or the impact of my love handles on my wedding pictures.

Unluckily for us all, Mom picked up my slack.

"So you're implying that the only way my daughter will have lovely pictures is if she's thin?"

Alicia's smile dimmed. "I said no such thing. I said thin means beautiful pictures."

"Which means not thin equals not beautiful?" Mom growled.

Oh geez. "Mom--"

"Oh it's alright, Leila," she said, patting my hand. "I just wanted to know how thin Mrs. Whitmore suggests you should be in order to have beautiful pictures. For my reference."

Alicia took a long sip of her wine, pressing her scarlet lips into a line before she pushed her hair from her eyes."So things are really moving as far as the planning goes." She pulled out her iPad. "I have some floral arrangements I'd like you to choose from and there's also the matter of music. Yo-Yo Ma is always a classic choice--"

I coughed. "Yo-Yo Ma is a 'classic choice'?" He was freaking Yo-Yo Ma, one of the greatest cellists of our time. How was he even a choice at all? He played for presidents, international dignitaries--and Alicia was talking like hiring him for my wedding was a piece of cake.

I am officially in the Twilight Zone.

Alicia tilted her head to one side, holding her hands up as she backpedaled. "If he seems too formal, we can go in a different direction." She stroked her chin thoughtfully, completely missing both me and Mom's slack-jawed reaction. "There's also a more popular music option as well. If you'd like me to use my contacts to get someone a little more top 40's--"

"I think Yo-Yo Ma or freaking Katy Perry would be too much." Mom snapped. "They're both talented and the idea that they're even on the table is...just..."

Alicia took the interruption in stride, lowering her voice to a confidential level. "Cheryl, if this is a matter of money, naturally, the Whitmore's take care of their own. Leila is like a daughter to me. Of course I will take care of the bill and you won't have to worry about a single cent."

It might've been sweet if she hadn't all but drawn a line with her eyes and put my mother on the other side.

I had a feeling Mom was approaching boiling point and before Alicia started talking about hiring Beyonce or some famous tenor, it was time to put my foot down. As awesome as any of the above would be, it wasn't what I wanted. It was my wedding. It was high time I put an end to this whole charade. Some guy plucking out a song on a ukulele might not be as buzzworthy as a pop star bringing down the house at our reception, but it was what I wanted. It was the wedding story I wanted to tell my grand kids someday.

I looked at Mom first, then Alicia. "About the wedding--"

"There will be no wedding." Mom's voice was filled with a finality and authority that would make even Jacob sit up and take notice.

Once I got over the shock, anger quickly filled in the blanks. What was this? Her last ditch effort to ruin everything? Hurt seeped in like a toxin. After our talk, I thought we were headed somewhere good.

What did she meant there would be no wedding? This was what she wanted, me to marry some rich guy and live the lavish life she didn't.

I gave her a look that was ours alone. It was the same look I'd given her every time she'd played matchmaker, or personal stylist, or my personal publicist when she'd put together a press conference in front of the house.

"How dare you--" I began.

"Trust me, Lay," she murmured. Her hand covered mine and then she gave it a quick squeeze. "I'll take care of this."

She released my hand and went full on Mama Bear, all but growling at Alicia. "My daughter has no interest in your multimillion dollar affair."

Alicia frowned, clutching the stem of her wine glass. "What on earth are you talking about? Of course she wants the wedding! She's been right beside me through the entire planning process."

"Right," Mom said brusquely. "And have you ever thought of asking her what she wants? What would make her happy?"

I sat in stunned, frustrated silence. It was finally out there. But I wanted to say it. It was my truth to tell.

Alicia was looking back and forth between the two of us. Confused, probably wondering what kind of girl turned down an all expenses paid fairytale wedding.

I pressed my eyes closed, counting to five. Breathe in. Breathe out. I opened them and they were both looking at me, waiting for my response.

I tried to keep my voice low and level. "Let me explain, Mom." At least let me do that much.

"Let you explain?" she scoffed. "When? As you walk down the aisle?" Her voice carried, just like it always did. But it was twice as embarrassing as usual because unlike all the times when I was growing up and she scolded me, I was an actual adult. And all the people who looked down their nose at me like I didn't belong had a surety in their sidelong glances. Like they'd been right about me all along.

"Before you sign one more check, let me tell you what my daughter wants--"

"No, Mom!" I said shrilly, all the frustration and minced words rushing to the surface. "I don't need you to save me or speak for me. I am fully capable of speaking for myself." I smacked down the tiny part of me that snickered at that, considering my lack of speaking up for myself was the exact reason the situation had escalated.

"If this is about the date, we can change it, dear," Alicia offered.

She said it so simply, borderline flippantly. Like I was a petulant child throwing a temper tantrum. She too wasn't listening. She was dismissing me, just like my mother--she was just doing it without raising her voice.

And it was the straw that broke the camel's back.

I stood up, tears filling my eyes and turned on my heels. The sound of them calling after me crashed into the other sounds of the restaurant. I needed the screech of the city to drown out everything but my racing heart. I just wanted to get away from everything. From everyone.

Leila Montgomery finally reclaims her backbone, then storms out of the room like a coward.

I didn't let the tears fall until I got outside--where paparazzi were waiting, ready to immortalize the moment forever.

****

Jacob walked in and I didn't even look up from my phone. My fingers had never gotten so much exercise. When Mom called, my thumb angrily hit ignore as I went back to my novel sized text to Megan, explaining how and why I wanted everyone to go straight to hell. Just as I was about to wrap it up, Alicia would call and I'd remember something I'd forgotten, a look or emphasis on some word that pushed me to the edge. And then Mom would call, again, and the cycle would start all over.

He walked over to the living room where I stood, catching my breath from pacing back and forth.

"I said, 'Honey, I'm home!'."

He hadn't, actually. It was clearly his attempt at a joke because without me saying a word, he knew something was up. It probably didn't help that my arms weren't wrapped around his neck, pulling him close like we hadn't worked near each other for the past eight hours. Unless we carpooled, seeing each other after work was a reunion, something worthy of kisses and butt-grabbing.

I grunted, finally finishing the text I was composing with 'ugh' and sending it on its way. I dropped the phone onto the couch cushion a few feet away. It didn't last very long in its new position because he picked it up and lowered himself in its place.

"So you holed up in the office all afternoon and shot out of the building like a rocket as soon as the clock hit 5pm. I take it brunch didn't go well."

"How perceptive of you," I said bitingly. When I met his glare, I chewed on my lip and let out a heavy sigh. "Sorry."

"Want to talk about it?"

"Not especially." I avoided his gaze, knowing his eyes on me wouldn't let the silence fly. I wasn't ready to recap the disaster that unfolded at The Plum Cafe. There was no way to rehash it without finally doing the thing I'd been dreading.

Telling Jacob the whole truth.

I already knew how this would play out. He'd look at me, disappointment coloring his eyes as he asked what happened to Leila the Conqueror. And I wasn't ready to answer that because it meant taking a hard look in the mirror. Wearing a truth I never thought I'd wear. Admitting that I was being a little bit cowardly.

How in the world was it easy for me to tell an international superstar to kiss my ass but I couldn't tell my mother, future mother-in-law, heck, my future husband, what was in my heart?

But I couldn't play dumb with myself. I knew exactly why. Those whispers of self doubt that I pretended to ignore festered. The closer I got to becoming Mrs. Jacob Whitmore and the more people scoffed, placing cyber bets on how long we'd last, the easier it was to let the doubts wrap around my heart. The doubts reminded me that I was so lucky that he picked me at all. He was one of the richest men alive. The fancy, ostentatious wedding was his birthright. I didn't have much to give him--but I could give him a wedding fit for a billionaire.

I went to the kitchen, bypassing the bottle of wine that I really wanted and opted for a glass of water instead. "So if you haven't seen them already, there are going to be some pictures of me doing the ugliest crying you've ever seen."

Finally. That was the real me pushing to the surface, because I knew there was no way he'd drop this if he knew it moved me to tears. The woman I knew I was didn't give the fear a chance to laugh it off and pretend I was joking.

He was up, striding to the island where I stood. He took the glass of water from me and put it on the granite countertop with a click, then took my hands in his strong, sure ones. "What's going on?"

I looked down, not wanting to meet his gaze because I was already open and raw and I didn't want to cry again. I'd done more crying in the last two weeks than I'd done in my whole life.

But that wasn't an option because he hooked my chin and gently, but firmly, tilted it up until my eyes were in line with his. It was a gorgeous chin, chiseled and aristocratic, just like everything about Jacob, but I wouldn't look up any higher. I knew I was being stubborn. I couldn't keep him out. We were going to be partners. That meant I didn't have to shoulder this alone anymore.

I ran my eyes over the curve of his delicious lips, the angle of his patrician nose and paused on the deep blue of the eyes that made me melt. I was a puddle, stripped and bare. I saw how much he loved me. How frustrated he was because I kept him on the outside. I was the one that taught him how important it was to communicate, and I wasn't even practicing what I preached.

I let out a sigh, coming clean. "Lunch was terrible."

His fingertips smoothed over my cheek. "I've gathered that much, love. All the more reason why you should have let me come with you."

"No, because it was supposed to be us girls--" I snapped my mouth shut. That wasn't true. I didn't invite Jacob because I'd made a pact with myself. I'd decided to shut it all down. I was finally going to be honest about the wedding I wanted. I could handle their flabbergasted response, but Jacob's would have cut like a knife.

I swallowed hard. "That's not true."

His forehead wrinkled as he frowned. "It wasn't a girls thing?"

I shook my head. "It was, kinda. But that's not why I didn't want you to come."

"Why didn't you want me to come, Leila?"

"Because it meant admitting I've been lying to you." When his expression hardened, I tried to soften the blow. "It's nothing hardcore. I mean, it is serious--"

"Just tell me what's going on," he said, cutting through my jumbled confession. He tucked a curl behind my ear. "Serious or not, I'm here. I'm not going anywhere."

I brought a hand up and covered his. He's not going anywhere. I didn't realize in that moment that some ludicrous part of me had been worried about that as well.

"I was worried about finally coming clean about the wedding," I said gingerly. "After all your mom has done to give us this amazing ceremony, I was worried about hurting her feelings, your feelings, by admitting that I didn't want a big ceremony."

His hold slackened, blue eyes slowly drifting over my face. "What?"

I sucked in air, feeling the heat of shame pricking my face. Was he really going to make me say it again?

He waited. Yes, he is.

"I don't want a big wedding," I repeated, my voice soft and guilty.

He released me altogether, digesting what I said. "You don't want a big wedding?"

I shook my head slowly. "No, I don't."

He raked a hand through his dark, wavy locks, his expression unreadable.

Crap, I thought, burning with frustration. Not the mask, not now.

He turned away from me altogether, crossing his arms against his chest, muscles rippling beneath his button down shirt.

I felt like my throat was on fire. I didn't want to move before I got some sort of reaction, but I needed something to sooth the irritation. Steel me. I found my glass and chugged the water. Naturally, it did nothing to dull the burn or loosen the tightness in my chest. I wasn't sure how I expected him to respond, but I knew silence wasn't it. I couldn't handle this deadening quiet.

His confusion made sense. Who was I? The Leila he fell in love with had a voice. She spoke up, even when it was inappropriate. And how could I have just settled for my own wedding? What happened to my backbone?

But he said nothing.

And it was driving me insane.

I slammed my glass on the counter, wheeling to face him. "Go ahead. Tell me how crazy I've been for just going along with this. Tell me how disappointed you are in me."

He looked at me, eyes quiet, lips parted. "I'm not going to yell at you or beat you up about this."

My fingers trembled, my glass almost crashing to the floor. "You're not?"

"I'm not," he answered. "It's pretty clear that you've been beating yourself up for awhile now. Probably since our first conversation with my mother when she started talking about how she'd put on the perfect Whitmore wedding."

All this time I'd been hesitant to be honest, worried about how he'd respond to me chickening out time and time again. Every time Alicia shared some new item and I feigned excitement.

I slumped my shoulders, a mixture of relief and frustration flooding me. "I should have spoken up."

He nodded, but there wasn't anger or disappointment in his voice. "Yes."

"I just thought that was what you deserved--"

"I'm going to stop you right there." He crooked a finger and beckoned me closer. I inched forward a few inches, but his look told me he wanted me closer. I moved until I was close enough I could feel heat radiating from his body and love sparking in his eyes.

"Listen to me very closely." He paused, tilting his head. "Are you listening?"

I gave him a look. "Yes, I'm listening."

"Good." He leaned in closer, eyes staring down into mine, capturing me and not letting me go. "The only thing I deserve is you. The only thing I want is to spend the rest of my life showing you every definition of happy. And that starts with declaring that you're it for me Leila; that I want to be your husband and I want you to be my wife. If that means a stuffy wedding where we don't know half the people, so be it. If it means going down to the courthouse right now, I'll bring the car around. So you tell me what you want. I want to make your dreams come true."

I traced his jawline with my fingertips, finally saying what I should have from the start. "I just want it to be the way it was when we started. Just you and me. Passion. Romance. Us." I thought back to all the pressure of the expectations of our ceremony and added one last word. "Escape."

He claimed my lips, sucking all the air from my lungs. I was putty in his hands. He tasted sweet. Like forever.

He pulled back and pressed a kiss against my forehead before he broke away, pulling out his cell. "Hi, I need a car to take us to the airport."

"Airport?" I repeated. "Jacob, what's--"

"Fifteen minutes?" he said, nodding slowly. "We'll be downstairs." He slid the phone back in his pocket and gave me a mischievous smirk. "You better pack quickly."

"What? Pack quickly? Pack quickly for what?"

"You said passion, romance, us and escape? The first place my mind went to was the Caribbean." He roped an arm around my waist, sending a flash of lust to my groin. "We're eloping."

****

As soon as the pilot announced that we were at a safe altitude to power our devices back on, I pulled my phone from where it was perched beneath the magazines, trying to hide the fact that I was hoping boatloads of money meant that I could snag reception long enough to let Megan know what was going on. The last time I'd been whisked away by Jacob Whitmore, I'd barely plunked out a leaving the country text. She was my bestie, I had to do better than 'eloping kbye'.

Jacob shifted across from me, ice clinking in his glass. "You're not nearly as smooth as you think you are."

I batted my eyelashes innocently. "Not sure what you mean."

"You've been trying to use your phone since the wheels lifted off the ground." His eyes glimmered like the ocean. "What was so important that you risked some sort of fluke electronic mishap?"

I jutted out my lip stubbornly. "Oh come on, there's no way my little cell phone can bring down a plane this size. I don't know how many times I've flown with my phone still on and the plane didn't crash and burn."

"There have been multiple instances where flight crew have reported cell phone signals interfered with communication systems which could interfere with navigation."

I gulped, looking down at the phone in my hand with genuine horror. Jacob's face was drawn and serious--until one side of his mouth started twitching.

"Oh my god!" I hissed, chunking my cocktail napkin at him as the twitch became a full-on grin. "You scared the crap out of me."

He clicked his seat belt, rolling up his sleeves with a smirk still at his lips. "Good. I like knowing I can still surprise you." I didn't know why, but the way he said surprise made me blush furiously. There was something dark and sexy in the word. What kind of surprises did he have planned?

I tilted my head slightly, remembering the sleeping quarters just behind us. Remembering the last time we were in this jet, finding it impossible to keep our hands off each other.

Focus, I told myself sternly. Megan had jokingly told me not to get so frustrated with Jacob's mom and planning that I did exactly what we were geared up and getting ready to do. She tried to act all tough and over the stereotypical squeeing maid of honor, but I knew she really was looking forward to helping me pick out dresses and some over the top bachelorette party.

I woke up my cell with trepidation, hoping the text had gone through before reception went out.

"Generally, the point of eloping is getting away. Unplugging." Of course he was saying this while he was pretending to not look at the screen of his iPad.

I rolled my eyes. "I just wanted to let Megan know what's going on."

His eyes widened. "Excuse me?"

As hot as the whole 'Me Tarzan, you Jane', man-in-charge thing was most of the time, he was starting to grate my nerves. "It'll just take a second." According to the notification on the screen, it was still sending.

"Put the phone down, Leila."

"Jacob--"

"Put. The. Phone. Down."

Every word was more final and commanding than the last and annoyed sigh or not, I put the phone down and locked my gaze on him. "What is it?"

"You are aware that telling everyone you know that you're eloping defeats the purpose, correct?"

"She's not everyone," I said stubbornly. "She's my best friend."

He studied me for a moment, features tense. "This is important to you. Telling her about our plans?"

"We'll she's not gonna blab to the paparazzi if that's what your worried about." His stony glare told me he wanted an answer to his actual question. "Yes, it's important to me."

"Interesting." He stroked his chin, eyes hooded and contemplating. "It's a fair enough request I suppose. And I have half a mind to allow it, despite your attitude."

My mouth fell open. Well thank you very much, Your Majesty! But I just pursed my lips together, not pushing it. I knew what the spark in his eye meant, what the sweep of his tongue across his lip represented.

He wanted to dominate me.

"You'll do as I command you. No questions. Understood?"

My mouth was suddenly painfully dry, but I managed to swallow and say the words. "Yes sir."

He gave me the slightest of grins. "Remove your clothing. All of it."

My lips trembled as my eyes darted to where the flight attendant sat on the other side of a curtain. She'd already done service, so it was highly unlikely that she'd disturb us, but there was still a remote chance that she could.

When I looked at Jacob, I realized I'd already made one mistake. Pushing aside the questions and the natural fear of being caught, I unbuckled my seat belt and brought my hands to my shirt. For the flight, I'd worn an oversized denim button down tunic. It seemed like something easy and comfortable, but now with those blue eyes on me...

I lifted my arms to pull it over my head, but his voice made me freeze.

"Unbutton it. Slowly."

It should have been infuriating. It was like he was purposefully pushing the envelope. After all, it wasn't Jacob that would be sitting there buttnaked as the attendant gaped in shock. But I wasn't infuriated. My body hummed deliciously. I could feel the goose flesh race over my skin beneath my clothing. I didn't need to strip off my underwear to know I was already soaking wet, extremely aroused at the very thought of what I knew was inevitable. I was going to strip.

I started with the top button, barely able to clasp it because my fingers tingled and shook. The first was released and I stole a look at him, seeing his lips part slightly. Those beautiful lips that I couldn't wait to kiss. That I'd get to kiss for the rest of my life. When his eyes narrowed I rushed to the next, then third, before he cleared his throat. I slowed, unhooking the fourth, letting out a shaky breath as I neared the valley of my cle**age and my fingertips stroked the path toward my br**sts.

And I was right there, completely naked, the soft leather chair kissing my skin and Jacob stroking me with his intense blue gaze.

I gripped the armrest tight, heat dancing in my belly before it ricocheted over me. "Now what?"

I watched the lust race over his features before he cleared his throat, hiding it away behind cool sophistication. Acting like I wasn't completely in the buff--and he wasn't sporting a raging erection. He was silent, reaching for his glass of scotch and taking a long, deliberate sip. He lowered it down, stoic as ever, but he was gripping the glass like it was a lifeline; the only thing keeping him from losing it and taking me right there.

I expected him to gesture at the sleeping cabin, but he didn't say a word. Gears turned and I wondered if keeping it together, keeping my hands off him, off myself was so hard for me, how hard was it for him? Jacob was a man used to being in control but I could see that he was fighting to keep his cool.

The metallic clink of the rings being slid to the side and the curtain being parted cut through our staring contest.

The worry I had was being realized.

The flight attendant was in the main cabin.

"Can I--" The flight attendant's gasp rippled through the cabin and my chest tightened.

I glanced at her and saw the sheer white terror of her complexion. Not disgust, not judgment like I'd expected. Fear.

I looked back at Jacob, who studied me intently. He probably expected me to futilely grip my clothing and clasp it to my na**d body. And that was the first place my mind went. Self-preservation. I was human after all and years of feeling average, less than average even, hadn't been wiped away despite Jacob's love and insistence that I was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.

The self doubt lied in my subconscious, waiting for moments like this. Moments where I was face to face with the question: Am I really beautiful? Then the whispers of the girls who used to pick on me and the boys that broke my heart came screaming back. They told me I wasn't someone worthy of Jacob.

Silence reverberated around the room and there was something else that kept me from shrinking away and apologizing for subjecting her to my blinding nakedness. My self doubt was real. The scars I carried would never truly go away. But it wasn't alone. There was another part of me that felt beautiful. Desirable. Who saw confirmation in the way my guy looked at me.

I sat up straight, proud of the way my body was slick against the cool leather. My curves weren't something to cover. I was beautiful.

"I think I'm fine for now." I said, answering the question she didn't quite get out. I pulled my hair from my ponytail, wild and untamed curls bouncing free and tossed it over my shoulder with a confidence I didn't have to fake. I looked at Jacob, smiling at the way he looked at me. He was impressed. "How about you, sweetheart?"

One side of his mouth tilted upward. "I don't require a drink."

The attendant hustled away, snapping the curtain closed behind her.

Jacob gestured for me to come to him, his deep voice thick as syrup and just as sweet. "There is something else I require."

I slid into his lap, looping my arms around his neck. "And what's that?"

"You."

****

This wasn't happening. I wasn't 37,000 feet in the air in a private jet, straddling Jacob freaking Whitmore with my nipple between his teeth. Groaning. Begging him not to stop.

And he didn't.

I braced myself on the chair, feeling every ragged breath he drew. Teeth bared as he gripped the mounds tight, holding them steady as he stroked it with his tongue. Moaning was a given, as natural as breathing as he flicked the swollen nub back and forth before he moaned and the sound rippled through me. I'd given up trying to do anything but focus on the way he made me feel. I didn't wonder if I was too heavy or if my groans and the sounds of him licking, sucking me were giving the staff an involuntary front row seat to the action. There was only the rhythm of his mouth, lips, and tongue, pulling me closer to coming.

His lips rounded the curve, hovering just above as his words fluttered over my nipple. "Tell me what you were thinking when she came in."

I frowned. I didn't want thinking. I wanted this. More of his mouth. I jutted my chest out and he gave me a smile hot and dirty enough to make me come on the spot...and then he gripped my nipple between his fingers and squeezed.

I winced as the pain cut through the haze of lust, sobering me enough to know he meant business. I knew he wanted me. He was swollen and thumping against the fly of his pants, like he could sense me dripping just past the barrier between us. But he was in charge--and he asked me a question.

The longer I waited to respond, the tighter his grip became.

"What was I thinking?" I eked out, tears rushing to my eyes and receding when he released it. "She's getting the whole shebang and didn't even take me to dinner first?"

His thick lips twitched with amusement, but his other aquiline features were chiseled stone.

"I was nervous, but then I..." I trailed off, eyes rolling back in my head as the hand that rounded my bottom spread my cheeks and a single finger slid in the space between. At the moment, I wasn't even thinking clearly. I was lost in the wet sounds of my desire filling the silence.

"Then you what?" he said softly, eyes hot and heavy.

I almost whined in frustration. More than anything I just wanted him. "Then I just said f**k it." I emphasized the F word and felt him move with approval. "I just didn't care if she saw me. All that mattered was if you saw me."

He swiped his tongue over his bottom lip just as he pushed a finger inside me. I swore it was like he was in my skin, knowing exactly where to press, just the right way to pump to make me spiral to ecstasy. I fought the urge to close my eyes and savor the moment, the desire to gaze into the depths of his blue eyes. His next words made the choice simple. My eyes fluttered open and met his, feeling the tingles of love race over every part of me.

"I see you Leila. You possessed me from the moment we met." He lowered his voice to the deep, sexy, bedroom timbre that was for me and me alone. "I want to watch your eyes roll back in your head while I make you come with my hands. I want to hear every note of the moans that fall from your lips as I take you against the door, then the bed, the floor. I want to feel your body melt around me. You belong to me, Leila. And I belong to you."

He was a man of his word, adding a second finger and filling me so deliciously that keeping my eyes on him was impossible. It felt too good, I felt too wild and each pump pushed me to the edge before he twisted, slowed or changed the rhythm and brought me back, dancing on the pin of a needle. He let me catch up, let me feel like I had some semblance of control before it ratcheted back up and I was huffing, moaning for more even though the pleasure was maddening. He took my breath away, but breathing was irrelevant. This was all that mattered.

"Open your eyes--and come for me."

My eyelids sprung open and all I could do was feel as I took him in and out. I was the sum of my aching, needy muscles, other ears be damned. Sparks fired from my toes and poured out my mouth in a roar and he was right there, watching me like I was a work of art unfolding before him.

And we weren't done.

I barely had time to blink or remember that we were on a jet and I'd just come loud enough to be heard several state lines over before he took me by the hand and pulled me toward the back of the cabin.

As soon as he slid the door of the sleeping cabin closed, I was against it. His hands gripped my cheeks as his mouth gripped my lips. His masculine scent surrounded me, aroused me, and instantly I was going blow for blow, clasping him to me, sucking his lips, losing myself in his taste.

He pulled back, voice hot with mischief. "One of us is significantly overdressed."

My lips split into a grin as I gripped his belt buckle. "We should work on that."

I suddenly got the appeal of those rip-away pants. His belt buckle was like a rubik's cube and I just wanted to rip it and everything keeping us apart to shreds. He pulled off his shirt, but his bottom half was still clothed. He took a look at my frustration and freed the belt. He started on the fly, but I stopped him. "Not yet."

He quirked an eyebrow until I dropped to my knees. I licked my lips and put a hand on each side of his muscled h*ps and eased toward the zipper. I caught it with my teeth without embarrassing myself, but heat still fanned my cheeks and spread between my thighs as I drew it down. The two sides were open, revealing his groin to me. A thin strip of dark cotton surrounded the bulge of him and I felt the heat build into a flame as I pulled down the boxers, the full length of his erection snapping free. It was beautiful. From the mushroom shaped tip to the impressive swollen shaft. Veins bulged beneath the skin, blood engorging him, blood raging through my veins as I took him in my hand and came forward.

I sucked the tip, my tongue claiming every contour of it, loving the way his fingers threaded my hair and tightened when I focused on the underside of the head of him. I replaced my mouth with my hand and drug my tongue down the length of his shaft, not stopping until I hit the dense, wiry curls at his groin. I drew back to the tip and found a new stretch of him to explore until every inch had been touched by me. I sat back slightly, looking up into his lust hidden face.

"I see you too," I whispered.

And with that, I took him in my mouth, the entire length plunging between my lips until I saw stars. I gagged slightly and I could feel him pause, gauging if I could take him. If I was ready.

I answered him by taking him farther, and he let out a groan that shook my whole body. He rocked in and out of my mouth and I could taste every bit of his desire as I sucked him.

Devoured him.

His grip tightened and I prepared myself for his cl**ax, but he pulled himself from my lips instead.

"Up," he ordered huskily, eyes glazed and dangerous. "I have promises to keep."

I didn't hesitate and neither did he. He slammed me back against the door, just as the plane hit turbulence. He held me steady and for a brief moment my stomach dropped. On a regular plane, the seat belts light would have been flashing.

"Should we?" I stopped when he pushed me back and somehow without losing his own footing, brought my h*ps out, gripping only my leg. The whole room shook. My bones rattled. We should have been scurrying back to out seats, but the look in his eyes told me safety was the last thing on his mind.

When he thrust into me, full hilt, it was the last thing on my mind too.

God I loved this man. Nothing else had even been so sweet, so sexy. There was nowhere I'd rather be.

The plane took another tumble, this one pronounced and my heart dropped as I held onto him for dear life. He filled me, every pore of me straining. He couldn't even wait until we were on solid ground to have me and there was something incredibly erotic about that. But as the cabin rattled like we were being shook by God himself, I was afraid.

"Jacob--"

"Do you trust me?" He was still inside me, balls deep, pressing me against the door. He wasn't even registering the fact that anything not nailed down was shaking.

"Maybe we should--"

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes," I said softly, without hesitation. I looked him straight on, letting out a sigh as he rolled his h*ps and pushed deeper inside me. "I trust you Jacob."

"Good." He pulled himself from me slowly. Reluctantly. I figured we were on our way back out to the cabin, off to put our seat belts on before the attendant started yelling, asking if we were out of my mind. Instead, he swung me around and pushed me back onto the bed. I let out a gasp and gripped the sheets as the plane shuddered, making my teeth chatter.

I opened my mouth, eyeing his beautiful, muscled physique and almost forgot everything but my desire until the plane jerked, reminding me that we were veering close to danger. I kept waiting to hear the pilot come on the intercom screeching, "Mayday! Mayday!"

Jacob advanced onto the bed, eyes devouring me as he gripped me and pulled my body toward him. I wasn't sure how he was keeping his balance and oblivious to everything but me, but I was having a serious psychological and physical debate. On one hand, even slight turbulence freaked me out and this far surpassed that. I felt like we were moments away from re-enacting the 'Lost' pilot. But physically I wanted him back inside me. My breathing was jagged. My skin felt electric. I was spread open and dripping for him.

"What if--"

"What if?" he cut in, muscles finally relaxing as he moved between my thighs, powerful features boring into me. "Then I want to have you one last time."

He pushed back inside me and I surrendered. The white flag was thrown. There was nothing but this feeling, this bliss. My fingernails raked down his back and his moans silenced everything else but this. We didn't use words. He didn't give commands. We just lost ourselves in each other like it was our last time.

And then the plane was still. Smooth. Like the calm after the storm.

The intercom above us blared to life.

"Hello folks. We hit some choppy air, but I think we're through the worst of it. Sorry for any inconvenience."

I looked at Jacob and saw a flash of worry that he hid away with a chuckle. "I knew we'd be fine."

****

Nothing could have prepared me for the water.

I'd seen pictures, movies set in the Caribbean. The water always seemed impossibly clear. Unattainably beautiful. Right outside of the small charter plane window turquoise colored water stretched as far as the eye could see. After the turbulence from the jet, I didn't even mind the way the small plane trembled as the pilot steered us toward the landing strip on Mustique Island. I was too busy trying to wrap my mind around the fact that we were thousands of miles away from the city. From drama and all the things that kept me and Jacob apart. It was like a whole other world.

I reached over and interlaced my fingers between Jacob's and butterflies danced in my stomach when he winked at me before returning to the conversation on his cell. He was using his 'Mr. Whitmore' voice, the one he reserved for business and when he wanted things done his way--or else.

I stepped off the plane, inhaling deep as I took in the island. Mustique Island was privately owned and located in the center of St. Vincent and the Grenadines. Lush green vegetation surrounded me, the smell of flowers and tropics creating a fragrance that I wanted to bottle and keep forever. It was a smell unlike anything I'd ever experienced. When a Mercedes eased up the runway and Jacob handed our pilot several crisp hundred dollar bills and the man barely flinched, the smell of something else hung in the air: money.

Mustique was known for its exclusivity and as a vacation spot for the affluent. Curious, I'd pulled up the island's website on the plane and besides two small boutique hotels that charged nearly one thousand dollars a night, the island boasted sprawling villas that cost as much as some Americans made in a year--for a week's stay.

There was nothing blatantly ostentatious about the Mercedes that picked us up plane side; I didn't buckle myself in with a diamond encrusted seatbelt. But it was the fact that there was no one else on the strip besides the pilot and a few airport attendees that reminded me that this wouldn't be my Mother's Caribbean vacation. I felt like we had the whole island to ourselves.

My life would never be the same. When most people wanted to escape they went on an overnight trip. When I said I wanted to escape, my fiance put us on a plane and rushed us to the Caribbean.

I was going to get my beach wedding.

"Are you alright?" Jacob asked, picking up on my silence.

"I'm on a private island in the Caribbean." I gestured out the window at the first people I'd seen since we landed, an older couple with a market basket and expressions like they didn't have a care in the world "It's..." I stopped, my chest tightening.

"A little overwhelming?" he finished for me, reading my nervousness despite the smile I wore, showing literally every tooth in my mouth. "It's okay to be overwhelmed. Our reason for coming here..." He trailed off and I dropped the grin, suddenly very aware of the fact that I wasn't too fond of him equating any other emotion other than excitement with our situation.

A little bit of a hypocrite, huh Lay? "You're nervous."

He pushed his shades up, like he was catching the mask before it fell away. "Nervous? Not exactly." His eyes were shielded but I could see the nerve in his jaw ticking. "Maybe slightly. But not about making you my wife. I just want to make sure that the ceremony is...worthy of you. I want it to be something you remember for the rest of your life." He paused as the phone in his hand dinged and his jaw tightened. "Fondly."

I put my hand over his before he answered it and gave the poor sap on the other end a piece of his mind. "Even if the driver pulled to the side of the road right now and we got married in the backseat, I'd love it. You moved heaven and earth to get me away from the city and the paparazzi--"

"--and my mother?" he said with a chuckle.

"Our mothers," I clarified. Sure, if there was an Aggravation Olympics, Alicia would win hands down, but having Mom berate me and force my hand wasn't much better. It was just another form of control.

I pushed aside the bumble of nerves that occupied my stomach and looked straight at the one person that made it all worth it. "This is all I wanted, Jacob. You are all I wanted."

His smile deepened as he stroked my cheek. "I love you, Leila."

I scooted closer to him. "Love you too." As soon as I closed my eyes I began making a mental checklist of all the things I didn't have. Like a dress. Or anyone to do my hair. Or shoes. And what about--

I stopped. Was this what wedding jitters felt like? It was hard to tell because I'd been questioning whether I belonged in Jacob's world since he first asked me to be a part of it. And I wanted to be in his life. I wanted this to be something he remembered always; not the stress nor having to cuss out custom officials to make sure the marriage was official.

Cut it out. I ordered myself, focusing on his hand in mine. Focusing on the oasis right outside my window. He loves you. You love him. Everything else is static. I thought happy thoughts as the car pulled up a hill that overlooked a cliff, water crashing into the sand. We pulled into a cobblestone driveway, stopping at a wrought iron gate. The driver leaned out the window and punched in the access code and the gates retracted. The terrain was steep and ropey tree limbs with thick, bushy leaves obscured the view on both sides. There was a small clearing and the cobblestone ended, leading up to a jagged walking path.

The car eased to a stop beside the nicest golf cart I'd ever seen. It took me a second to realize that Jacob wanted me to get out and I scrambled to join him, eyeing the tiny vehicle as he pulled the suitcases from the trunk of the Mercedes. I realized my first guess was wrong. It was a little too sleek and round to be a golf cart. It was one of those electric cars that one kept an eye out for when parking creatively downtown. But it was definitely the Bentley of electric cars with glossy red paint and dark leather seats.

The driver smiled at me, speaking in thick, accented English. "Called a mule."

"A mule?" I answered, skimming my fingers on the metal frame. "It's the nicest mule I've ever seen."

I walked to a low hanging branch, bright pink flowers as delicate as the breeze glittering in the sun. I plucked one and spun it between my pointer and thumb before sweeping my hair behind my ear and perching it against the pushed back curls. Jacob slid behind the wheel and I scooted into the seat beside him, clutching the sidebar as he reversed, then the small car jerked forward up the hill. The strip of fabric meant to be a seatbelt was what I held onto for dear life as we skittered up to the house. Mule? The thing was closer to a golf cart on steroids.

I didn't even mind that he swerved a bit near the end, locking eyes with me and catching my reaction. I stepped out of the mule, hesitating as I gazed at the open front door, down through the front entryway and out to the sea.

"Jacob..." I moved closer, eyeing the beautiful tile work that led up to the house, the rustic, yet classic lines of the hardwood exterior entryway. It had such a lived in, casual elegance from the built in shelving to the chic white furniture.

The island was the star of the show. Everything was bright, lush and tropical. I felt like I was in paradise when I stepped out on the back deck. The crystal pool opened up to a sky as blue as the water that flowed past the horizon.

"What do you think?" Jacob came up behind me, wrapping me in a warm embrace as he drew me close to his chest.

"It's incredible." I gripped his arms and did a bonafide happy dance. "I can't believe I'm here with you."

He leaned down and kissed my cheek as I felt another part of him stir. "You know the first thing we have to do?"

I had a pretty good idea, but I played dumb, spinning around and bringing one arm up, then the other. "What's that?"

He swept my hair back then brought his fingertips back to my face, skimming my jaw line and sending sparks through me. "Make every area of this place ours."

My breath came ragged, my body already onboard. His to command. His to do with as he wished.

I managed to perk and eyebrow and play coy in spite of the overwhelming desire to jump him. "Every area on Mustique?"

His eyes flashed as the side of his mouth twitched and he brought his hands down until they dropped on my fly. "I like ambition." He brought the zipper down in one single pull. "How about we start with the villa?"

I turned my mouth up to his. His mouth was warm and hungry as I loosened his belt and fly, thankful that it wasn't an obstacle to be conquered. Everything was easier here, my anxieties relaxing and letting him strip me down and he followed suit. I imagined a four poster bed with sheer mosquito netting draped luxuriously around each post, but he didn't take me back indoors.

I watched him stride toward the pool's edge, a living statue of muscle and sin. I could literally watch him walk back and forth, buck na**d and come without even touching myself. But once he submerged himself in the water and gave me a look, I knew it wasn't going to be that easy...and I had to force myself to maintain my composure and not bolt into his arms and cannonball into the water.

I loved the way the air felt on me. I loved the way his eyes felt on me. Touching, lingering without lifting a finger.

I found my way down the stairs. The weight of the water coated me as he took my hand and stopped me on the bottom step.

"Right here."

I frowned. "Here?" I bit my lip. "On the steps?" His movements answered me as he lowered me down. My bottom made contact with the slick surface and he came forward, spreading me. He drew his c**k up and down my opening until I found myself lifting my h*ps and pleading with my eyes.

"You want me inside you."

There was no holding back the moan when he thrust inside me, a single, piercing thrust before he slid out, tempting my entrance again. Waiting for my answer.

"Yes." I breathed deeply. "I need you inside me."

His eyes were as blue and soothing as the water as moved in me. Skin to skin. Heart to heart.

His fingertips caressed my wet skin, tugging at my ni**les until he could wait no longer. He drove into the water and gripped my bottom, drilling deeper, harder, eyes no longer soothing but fierce and wild.

He balanced my bottom with one hand, using the other to find my clitoris and rotated his thumb around it slowly and quickly. The speed, his hands, our bodies built to a maddening pitch.

"I'm so close," I gasped, arching up as I felt my toes curl and the electricity of the orgasm close enough to light me up from head to toe.

"Come," he said thickly, his thrusts more demanding, his face contorting with his own proximity to bliss, everything taut and feral as I felt the warmth of him filling me.

Paradise. It was more than this Caribbean escape. Heaven was in his arms.

Heaven was Jacob.

****

"Leila?"

I twisted in the covers, the soft Egyptian cotton too perfect to give up. "Five more minutes, Jacob." I figured he'd be more than a little understanding considering he was the reason I was so exhausted in the first place.

The pool had been just the beginning. He took me on the stairs, then up against the side with my legs on his shoulders, showing me I was much more flexible than I gave myself credit for. We'd barely made it back inside the house before I got to see the craftsmanship of the travertine tiles up close and personal. And then there was washing up. Water raining around me beneath the rain fall shower head--with his head between my thighs.

The room came in focus, but I squeezed my eyes shut. I let out a groan and flipped the other way.

"Leila?"

My eyes flew open. That wasn't Jacob's voice. I lurched from the bed, yanking the sheets to my chest. I wasn't na**d to the world since I'd pulled on a tank at some point in the night, but I was close enough considering there was some strange woman standing in the doorway.

She didn't seem threatening, standing in the door with a mug in her hand. She had to be barely five feet with a petite frame to match. Her features were angular and accentuated by a pageboy haircut and white blond hair. She wore a heather gray Ramones T-shirt, cut off denim shorts and cowboy boots. She obviously wasn't there to steal my clothing because I could tell just from looking at her she was more fashion conscious than my wardrobe could provide. Not to mention my clothes would swallow her tiny frame whole.

She arched a single eyebrow, intensely blue eyes taking me in warily.

I would have put a hand on my hip if that meant not releasing the cover. She was an intruder. I'd be doing all the glaring, thank you very much.

I came forward a step, balling the sheet in my fist and trying to seem more threatening than I really felt.

"I don't know who you are, but my husband--" I paused, surprised by the word coming out my mouth so effortlessly. At first I thought it was because I was frightened and somehow, husband sounded better than fiance. But it felt so natural on my tongue, even if it wasn't exactly true.

The woman walked to the mahogany dresser near the door and lowered the mug. "I'm Naomi. Mr. Whitmore is finalizing the wedding plans." Her voice had an Australian lilt. "He sent me here to show you the dress options and help you decide on a bouquet and hair." The sides of the woman's mouth curled upward in amusement. "Relax. I'm here to help." She gestured at the cup. "It's fresh." She snapped her fingers, and fished a note out of her pocket, dropping it beside the coffee. "Why don't I let you get dressed and you can meet me in the sitting room? A friend of yours is waiting to video chat--"

I dropped the sheet. "Megan?"

Naomi inclined her head, her bight eyes twinkling. "She told me to tell you to 'hurry up so she can yell at you in person'." She turned to go. "I'll be right outside."

I was still catching up, smiling like an idiot because Megan was going to be apart of my day. I told her my name and that it was nice to meet her even though it was obvious she knew exactly who I was.

Once I was alone I went to the dresser and picked up the folded note, relaxing a little when I saw Jacob's handwriting.

All of the paperwork came through this morning. Tonight, I'm making you my wife.

Naomi comes highly recommended.

I'll see you on the beach, Lay.

xx Jacob

I brought the note up to my nose, sniffing it like I expected to smell some hint of him. Just seeing those words were enough to make sparks light in my chest.

I went to my overnight bag, pulling out a pair of cotton shorts and a bra and shimmied into something presentable in record time. I pulled out one of the scarves and tied it around my head, holding back my frizzy locks.

I grabbed the coffee and took a hearty gulp before I stepped out in the hall. I heard the early morning sounds of the island mixing with a familiar voice and stepped into the room beside the entrance.

Naomi was holding a strand of pearls in front of the computer.

"That's a little too formal for the beach--Leila!"

Naomi stepped to the side and I rushed forward, almost hugging the monitor. "Oh my god, Meg! It's like you're here!"

She huffed, flipping her red hair with faux annoyance. "I wish. I'd much rather be on a Caribbean island than grading these papers, that's for sure!" She smiled, dropping the joke and nodding with approval when Naomi came up with a pair of diamond earrings and held them beside my head. They were studs but they caught all the light in the room and glittered like stars. "Those are perfect! What do you think?"

"They're beautiful, but--"

"Naomi, can you show her my favorite dress?"

I whipped around as the woman shuffled to a metal rack and thumbed through until she got one with a pink tag near the back.

"Oh wow."

Naomi held it out as I took it in. It had two thin straps with a sweetheart neckline. The bodice swept to one side with a thin white sash that highlighted the breezy fabric. The bottom flowed to the ground, the chiffon light and airy. It was the perfect dress for the beach. Elegant but whimsical. It was a little bit of him--powerful, rich; and a little bit of me--unruly and free.

It was perfect.

I touched it fondly with my fingers, caressing the fabric. "You picked this out?"

"I thought it was weird when Jacob called me to get the store's information." When I turned back to her, confused, she gave me a tiny smile. "Yes, I picked them out. Well, me and your mom. We were going to show them to you during the dress shopping appointment next week."

I hung my head guiltily. I'd robbed them of the moment. Of the memory. "I'm so sorry Megan. And Mom--"

She held up a hand. "Don't you dare apologize! We're so freaking proud of you for doing something that makes you happy. This is your day, Leila."

I felt the tears pricking my eyes so I cleared my throat. "I still wish you were here."

"Me too." She said fanning her own tears. "If it makes you feel better, it wouldn't have worked out anyway. Scott's been starting trouble with our boss and--" She stopped, shaking her head like she was clearing out some terrible image. "You know what? This isn't about me. Not today."

I wanted to find out what was going on with Scott, but something in the way her eyes flashed told me she didn't want to talk about it. Like she could sense the tension, Naomi came up behind me.

"How about her hair?" Naomi looked at me and gave me a pensive look. "May I?"

I pulled the scarf off, not sure she knew what she was getting herself into. "Good luck."

She pulled it into a low ponytail. "A bun would be pretty." She released it. "Or something half up and half down?"

Megan tapped a finger on her chin. "How about if you did something with braids or twists with all of it down?"

I gave her a skeptical look.

"Just go with it." Megan looked to Naomi. "I'm seeing two braids on each side sweeping to the back and soft curls flowing down her back."

Naomi turned to me, narrowing her eyes as she studied me, like she was picturing it before she nodded, slowly, then more enthusiastically. "It'll be beautiful!"

I still wasn't completely sold, but I figured anything would be better than the frizzy mess I had at the moment.

"I'll give you two some time alone," Naomi said, releasing her hold on my hair and stepping to the side. "Do you need anything before I gather the things for tonight?"

I shook my head and she and Megan said their goodbyes before we were in the room alone.

"Private island, servants--you're living the life, Lay," she teased, green eyes glimmering.

"My heads still spinning," I laughed, pulling up a chair and collapsing with a sigh. "I can't believe I'm getting married tonight." I bit my lip, the tears coming back. "And my best friend in the world won't be there."

It was almost ironic in the worst possible way. With every headline about the event the press coined 'The Whitmore Affair' I winced, pretty much praying for something to happen and put a stop to it. Eloping with Jacob was something I didn't even think was an option--and the rueful look on Megan's face was enough to remind me that running away with the man of my dreams did have a price.

I pulled at a fuzzy curl, not looking at the screen because it was a sure fire bet that I would start sobbing uncontrollably.

"Looks like I'm gonna break my promise."

"What promise?" she sniffled.

"You beside me on my wedding day," I said softly, a tear breaking free and dashing onto my cheek.

"Look at me, Leila."

I swept the tear away and brought my eyes up to her tear splotched face.

"I am gonna be beside you."

I made a face. "Yeah, yeah--in spirit."

"You see that white box over near the rack? On the little bookshelf?"

I slid back from the desk and went to the bookcase, a single white box with an ivory bow on it sitting on top of a leather bound copy of Great Expectations.

I picked it up and lifted the lid and let out a tiny gasp, my heart swelling in my chest. Inside on a bed of cotton was a circle of gold links, a thin strip of white and blush fabric wrapped around the length of it.

I took it out, looping it around my wrist. "Megan...this is gorgeous."

"I'm a pretty big fan of it myself."

I'd been ready to stick my tongue out at her until I glared at the screen and saw her holding up her own wrist. She was wearing the same bracelet.

My whole face tingled with emotion as I brought my hand to my mouth, not even bothering to pretend my face wasn't melting. "It's...like...the..."

"Cutest friendship bracelet ever?" She finished in between tears of her own.

I nodded, looking down at it again, then back at her. "Not the same as you being here, but this means more to me than I can even say."

She used her t-shirt to wipe her eyes. "You're gonna be absolutely gorgeous."

I chewed on my bottom lip. "Yeah?"

"Hell yeah." She pulled her hair up, her face going serious. "I've already informed Jacob that billionaire or not I will seriously injure him if he breaks your heart."

"Is that right?" I laughed, sitting back down.

She gave me a solemn nod before bursting into laughter. "I better go get ready for school. Call me the minute you're back in the States, okay?"

I gave her a salute and stared at the blank screen for a few minutes after she signed off before admiring the bracelet. Wiping a few happy tears that swept down my cheek, I went back to the rack where my dress hung.

The dress I'd wear when I became Mrs. Whitmore.

****

I stood in front of the full length mirror and I could barely recognize myself. My eyes swept up from the floor, over the glossy layers of the chiffon, fingers guiding the way until I stopped at the sash, inhaling as Naomi did a slow circle around me, tucking and smoothing.

"It's really happening," I said softly, butterflies beating in my stomach. My cheeks flushed and my hands were clammy with sweat. "I'm really getting married." I paused at my lips, almost bringing my hand to my mouth before I realized I would have smudged the beautiful job Naomi had done. All the joy and excitement I felt came through the glow of my cheeks. My brown eyes were enhanced and rich. My lips were lush with just the right amount of gloss to make me tremble as I wondered what it would be like to kiss him after our vows were exchanged.

To be his wife.

I felt the tears come back and Naomi clucked her tongue with disapproval. "No crying! You'll mess up my work," she chided, but not even her frown could hide the hint of a smile. She came back toward me with a small bunch of tropical pink flowers. "Hibiscus for your hair."

I turned back to the mirror, lowering myself so the petite woman had better access to my hair. I couldn't get over how she made the braids work with my curls without me looking like a hot mess. She'd parted the front of my hair into four sections and after taming the wiry bunches, braided each into a fishtail. Then she connected each strand and pinned it towards the back. When she finished, my hair was sleek in the front, with the braids acting as a headband with a few free tendrils drifting down my shoulders. The back was conditioned and springy instead of frizzy and poofy. She was right about how it would bring together casual and sleek. It captured the island's relaxed vibe but the order and soft curls made it sophisticated.

I stood still as she pinned the flowers strategically, giving me a pop of color that brought the whole look together. When she finished, she stood back.

"What do you think?"

I turned back to the mirror, finding new things to love. "It looks amazing." My fingers hovered above the flowers. "Everything is so perfect."

She studied me for a minute, crossing her arms. "There's one thing left to do. A call to make--but I only want you to make it if you want to, not out of a feeling of obligation or duty."

My brow furrowed as I peered at her in the mirror. "What?"

She came back forward, her blue silver eyes on my hair as she fussed over a curl.

"Most people that come here are trying to escape." Her painted features cracked slightly, her lips trembling, eyes fluttering rapidly like she was holding back tears. "This place can make you feel like there is no world outside the trees, the beaches, the water." She was looking into the mirror, but I could tell it wasn't her reflection that she saw. She was a million miles away, replaying her own story. I tilted my head to the side, studying the pretty girl who should have been pledging some sorority, breaking hearts, writing papers on Marx and cramming for tests. Instead, she was the personal assistant and stylist to the rich vacationers and brides that cycled through on the island.

She must have realized I was watching her because she gave her head a shake and pulled on a bright smile that managed to bypass her eyes. "I overheard you and your friend and I got the impression that your mother and mother-in-law were stressing you out about the wedding."

Now that I was sitting there, millions of miles away, all of that drama seemed overblown. I blushed, dropping my gaze to my lap. "I guess all mother's are overbearing, kinda comes with the territory."

"Not all mothers."

My eyes flickered up and the smile Naomi wore dimmed.

"Anyway, your friend told me to apologize for her, but your mother found out she'd been in contact with you and told her to give you a message. Your mother wants to speak to you before the ceremony." She bit her lip guiltily. "I probably should have had this conversation with you before I did the makeup. She gave me a worried look. "You could always call her later. Or not at all. It's up to you."

I peered at he house phone, feeling the tension knot in my chest. Was she going to yell at me for leaving the country without a word? Despite her gung-ho attitude for me finally doing what made me happy, there was no denying she had a tendency to want me to assert myself on her terms. I had a sinking suspicion she wouldn't have pushed me to speak up for myself if she knew it would result in the bride and groom running away to the Caribbean.

Naomi swiped the phone. "We can totally do it after then--"

"Wait."

I wrung my hands and remembered the moment in the car when Mom was vulnerable and told me that she felt left out. That she just wanted to be a part of my day. She could be a bit much and sometimes she made me want to pull my hair out, but she was still my mother and I loved her.

I took the phone and Naomi left the room without another word, pulling the door closed with a muted click.

I dialed the island code and plunked out my mother's number, bringing the phone to my ear. It rang countless times and I held my breath, sure I'd hear the voicemail. Be let off the hook.

I gripped the armrest as the rings stopped and I heard her voice. "Hello?"

"Mom?"

The line went quiet, and I almost took it away from my ear to see if it was still connected.

"Hi sweetheart," she said finally, her voice unsure. "How are you?"

Tears built in my eyes and I was overcome with emotion. "I'm getting married."

"That's what I hear." she chuckled. Neither one of us said anything for a moment and I just listened to her breathe, picturing her standing next to the wall in the kitchen, twirling the phone cord around her finger.

"I never meant to push you about the wedding, Leila."

My heart clenched into a fist. "You didn't?"

"I just couldn't stand that woman railroading you with the ceremony," she continued. She let out another sigh, one full of sadness of regret. "I tried to help and I ended up railroading you too."

"It's okay, Mom," I said weakly. "Really."

"No it's not. I'm kinda overbearing." She snorted. "Hell, I'm being overbearing now and won't even let you finish a sentence." She was quiet, giving me the stage to finally speak, but I wasn't sure what to say.

"When you were little, you used to come to me and tell me all about how the girls in your class picked on you."

I sat back in my chair, a frown pulling the sides of my mouth downward. A childhood of bullying and my mother's 'turn the other cheek' response was the last thing I wanted to think about.

"It broke my heart to see how hurt you were. To see you doubting yourself and wondering if what those little monsters said was true. And I debated how to tell you to handle them."

Her response had always been pacifist, sticks and stones and whatever. The kind of 'Just ignore them' approach of someone that never had to deal with bullies attacking them, day in and day out.

I was about to cry all over again, and not tears of happiness.

This call was a huge mistake. "Mom, I should probably--"

"I should have told you to fight."

My mouth fell open. "W-What?"

"Not beat them down, because that would have opened up a whole new world of problems. I'd be lying if I said I'd get no satisfaction at ringing their skinny little necks though." She cleared her throat, getting worked up.

It made my face burn warm, a smile creeping in to replace the frown. She hadn't just shrugged it off. She cared, all of this time.

"I should have told you to stand up for yourself," she continued. 'To look them right in the face and tell them that you were beautiful and kind and someday, you were going to do amazing things. Like finish top in your high school and college graduating classes with a full schedule of clubs and honor societies under your belt. That you'd get your dream job and work with actresses like Rachel Laraby and save the lives of young stars who were as lost as you once were. That someday you'd fall in love with a billionaire and his love for you would be so great that it shone in every picture."

The tears came one after the other as I gripped the phone.

"Don't ever apologize for standing up for yourself, Leila," she sniffed. "Because I couldn't be prouder of you." She let out a thick laugh, each note coated with tears. "I hope I'm not messing up your makeup."

I avoided the mirror, smiling. "That doesn't matter right now. I love you, Mom."

"I love you too, hon. Now go marry that man and give me lots of grand babies."

****

The sky was a swirl of ebony and charcoal as Naomi pulled the mule to a stop in front of the wooden bridge that would take me to the sand where Jacob was waiting.

I turned to her, feeling a rush of excitement that made my heart race and my mouth to dry.

"How do I look?"

She fixed a curl and gave me a big grin. "Fantastic, of course."

I flashed her an unsteady smile. "Thanks again. For everything."

I stepped out of the tiny vehicle and took a few steps before I stopped and turned back, panic gripping me by the throat. She flashed me a thumbs up and I relaxed a little, swallowing the golf sized knot lodged in my throat.

This was really happening.

I'm really getting married.

I took it one step at a time, remembering everything that brought me to this beautiful place. Bumping into Jacob Whitmore on the way to my interview. Mouthing off then realizing with horror that I'd just given the boss lip. Following him to the corridor and realizing that he had no intention of giving me an interview.

I bit my lip, the warmth of all those feelings rushing back to the surface. I had no idea that tryst would lead to the contract. And that signing on the contract Jacob used to keep people at a distance would have the opposite effect and I'd fall in love with him. And he'd fall in love with me.

I'd almost run out of bridge and I could see the warm glow of tiki torches near the water. A sheer white tent rose out of the sand, the fabric billowing in the breeze. I made out the outline of Jacob and another figure, assuming it was the officiant.

The person who would make me his wife. That would make Jacob my husband.

We'd come so far and braved so many obstacles. Tearing down the wall Jacob built to prevent being hurt. My self consciousness and doubt that a man like him could ever live happily ever after with me. Even She Who Will Not Be Named--fate didn't make it easy for us and there were moments when I wondered if we'd make it. But we did. He was waiting for me.

I stepped on the sand, the coarse grounds squeezing between my toes. I clutched the hem, hiking it up as I tried to maneuver to him and moved slower, sinking and fighting the wind and thick sand. The picture of me gliding to him like some beautiful mirage was quickly being replaced by the reality of a sweaty, flustered, red faced bride. When I got closer and saw him watching me like he didn't see the frustration or splotchiness, everything faded to black except for him. His dark, windblown hair, the white linen shirt and tan slacks. The look of pure adoration on his face and when I got closer and took his hand, the glassy sheen of tears in his eyes.

"You are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," he said softly, holding tight to my hand as his lips curved into a smile.

I moved closer, breathing in his warmth. His love. I looked up at him, giving him a playful smirk. "You're not too shabby yourself, Mr. Whitmore."

His deep blue eyes went serious, searching mine. "Are you ready?"

I brought a hand to his cheek, staring into the eyes that knew me. That loved me. "I'm ready."

The man that was to marry us stepped up, flashing a toothy grin that shone like the top of his head as he shook both our hands. "I'm Scott Douglas." His British accent was thick and welcoming. "Thank you for making me a part of your day. Shall we begin?"

We moved past the warmth of the torches, the flames whipping back and forth, creating shadows on the cool, white sand. The tent was sheer enough to see the stars twinkling in the dark night sky. Fragrant tropical flowers lined the floor around us. It was like we were standing in our own slice of Eden.

Jacob and I stood side by side, Scott moving to the forefront.

"I've been a minister for fifteen years, traveling to the different Caribbean islands and performing marriage ceremonies, I can tell you that Mr. Whitmore did provide me with an interesting first. He came to me before the ceremony and told me that this had to be perfect--or he'd have my head."

I shook my head, smirking at Jacob. He'd threatened the poor man?

Scott let out a belly chuckle that made Jacob's cheeks darken. "Don't judge him too harshly. After I told him that I had a wife and grandchildren I wanted to see grow up, he relaxed and clarified. He told me that he never thought he'd find love. That he didn't deserve it. But then he found you, Leila. And he wants to spend the rest of his life showing you how precious your love is...starting today."

I gazed at Jacob, blushing furiously. "How romantic."

When he met my eyes a smile split his lips. "I can be romantic if I have the proper inspiration."

I had no doubt of that. The beach, the candles, the tent, the flowers--he'd handled all of it.

Scott beamed. "I was told you would like to exchange your own custom vows."

We both nodded and turned to face each other, hand in hand.

Jacob winked, holding my hand steady. "Ladies first."

The nerves I'd forgotten about came spinning back and my hands started shaking. You should have written it down. I'd never forgive myself if my vows were eighty percent uh's and um's. But the more I looked into his eyes, the more confident I felt. I didn't need a script. I knew the words to say.

"You're the best surprise ever," His face brightened. "That first day we met, I was definitely shocked when the guy that nearly knocked me on my behind was you. And you kept surprising me, being nothing like the person that you show to the world.

I fell in love with your passion, the beautiful moments of vulnerability when I get to see the Jacob that no one else knows. But it's more than seeing the real you. You see the real me. And when you asked me to marry you--" My voice cracked and I let the tears that rushed to my eyes streak down my cheeks. "You're the love of my life, Jacob. I can't wait to be your wife and experience our amazing life together, one beautiful moment at a time."

He pulled me in, lips pressed against mine, sparks flying as he surprised me again, not even waiting for the minister to prompt him.

Our lips separated, but his mouth still hung close to mine, forehead pressed against my own. The earth stopped spinning for us for one delicious moment, everything pausing but my racing pulse and the undeniable knowledge that I loved Jacob Whitmore more than anything in this world.

Scott rumbled his throat, reminding us that the ceremony wasn't quite over. If he was waiting for an apology from Jacob or a peevish look where he acknowledged he'd broken some sort of etiquette rule, he came up wanting.

Jacob stood up tall, offering the man a shrug. "I just couldn't wait."

Scott smiled and gave him a nod.

"I don't think I realized I've been writing my vows since I met you until I sat down to actually write my vows," Jacob began, his deep voice as soothing as the water crashing into the sand. "It's funny that you called me 'the best surprise' because you've amazed and surprised me from that day in the lobby. It's not an easy feat, making me do a double-take, making me question my future and how I want to spend it." His thumb caressed my hand as he continued. "You have such fire. You wouldn't let me live a life without you in it. From that first kiss it wasn't even an option. You are my future, Leila. You're my everything.

We've been through a lot of things together. Weathered a lot, you and I." He skimmed the curves of my arm with his fingertips, making gooseflesh run up and down the length. "Just know that you are the single most important thing to me. You're my best friend and my partner. And you've given me the greatest gift--the most beautiful love anyone could ask for."

I wasn't just dealing with a conservative tear or two. My internal faucet was turned on full blast, tears of happiness spilling down my face as I gripped him, feeling lightheaded, feeling like I was on top of the world.

"Beautiful vows," Scott murmured. "People search their whole lives looking for what you two have in spades. Cherish each other. Cherish every moment."

I licked my lips, staring into Jacob's eyes, swearing I saw every perfect thing in this world shining in the blue.

"By the power vested in me, I know pronounce you husband and wife."

I let out a squeal as Jacob dipped me, the second kiss pulling all the air from my lungs. He gave me all with his lips, promising me a life of beautiful surprises. Love--and never being bored in the bedroom.

