Douglas Heights was an unassuming subdivision, lined with modest homes and tailored yards. Since most of the residents were retirees or single families, the most excitement one would find was a cookout or two, a kid's birthday party or a nail biting game of bridge. As soon as Jacob's jet landed and I went from the back of a chauffeured Town Car to the worn driver's seat in my rusty Volvo, normal had never been so appealing; after the whirlwind month I'd had, normal was just what the doctor ordered.

If you would have told me four weeks ago that I'd land a job at Whitmore and Creighton and end up falling in love with the billionaire CEO Jacob Whitmore, I probably would have laughed right in your face. Well, maybe part two would have been believable. With his broad shoulders, bronzed skin, piercing blue eyes and a body that made the rounds in every red-blooded woman's fantasy, falling for Jacob was a mathematical certainty. But getting to know the man behind the handsome and controlled facade and him falling for me? Impossible.

But Jacob had spent the past month showing me that anything could happen and my wildest dreams could come true. From museums that took my breath away and foods that brought my palette to life to the lush Italian countryside and sultry Venice nights, I didn't want for anything. And in the bedroom, submission had transformed from a foreign thing I'd only read about into something I was born to do and be.

But being Jacob Whitmore's girlfriend wasn't all midnight strolls, private jets, and kinky activities behind closed doors. Because of his high profile business, publicity and public relations for celebrities, he'd become a celebrity in his own right--which meant his personal life wasn't quite so personal. And since I was the mysterious new squeeze, neither was mine. I needed Douglas Heights. I needed the ease and comfort of it; a predictable reality without cameras shoved in my face.

I frowned as I spotted cars peppering the road leading up to the subdivision. They were parked every which way, obviously not caring who they were inconveniencing. I slowly tugged my old sedan between two non-descript vans, cursing under my breath. What the hell was going on at 11 a.m. on a Thursday morning? And why did none of them know the basics of parking a vehicle?

And then I saw them. Men in button down shirts, skittering across the pavement in tennis shoes. Tennis shoes were a must. How else would they dart around to get that perfect, embarrassing shot?

My heart shot to my throat as I slammed on the brakes. I follow the breadcrumbs with my eyes to a familiar white and green shuttered house. A house where the yard was always kept trimmed and leaves never stood a chance. A house where an ancient F 150 was parked dutifully at the curb and an Accord was tucked in the driveway. A house where the paparazzi were huddled like flies on shit.

My parent's house.

I didn't even bother trying to find a space; it would have been pointless since they were practically bumper to bumper. I just put the car in park and hopped out, following a few stragglers to the crowd gathered near the mailbox. Questions and fragments of conversation swirled around me and the beating thing in my throat shot past the heart shaped hole in my chest right down to the cement.

"The kid's mother said she was coming home today."

"Did you hear her talking about Jacob popping the question?"

I was suddenly grateful I took a page from America's sweetheart and my personal nightmare, Rachel Laraby, and opted for a beanie that mostly contained my wild corkscrews and an oversized gray T shirt and jeggings--not just because the phototogs were clearly camped out for me, but because I refused to believe my mom had sold me out. The only way I'd find out the truth would be if I faded into the crowd.

I froze in the shuffle when I saw my mother's familiar brown eyes, made up to high heaven. There was so much foundation and blush caking her features that I wanted to scrub my own face just looking at her. I glanced past her, spying my dad who was eyeballing all of them with disdain, making sure no one stepped onto his property.

A heavy set man with a thick accent shoved forward his face tight with impatience. "Where's the kid? You said she'd be here an hour ago!"

My mouth fell open as shock and hurt swallowed me whole. It was true. She tipped them off.

"Leila texted me a little bit ago and said she'd be here any minute." Mom's toothy grin spread a few inches wider. "But if you have any more questions about her and Jacob-"

"How long did your daughter work for Jacob before they became an item?" Someone blurted out, not wasting any time.

"Oh not long at all," Mom replied with a chuckle. "He was just so taken with my Leila he just couldn't help himself."

My eyes nearly bulged from my head as a few of them laughed at the admission and Mom coaxed them on with a wink. "Y'all know what I'm talking about."

"Did Leila give you the scoop on Jacob in bed?"

"Absolutely not!" I hollered, completely forgetting that I was trying to lay low. I didn't even notice when all eyes turned to me and the bulbs started flashing. It was total tunnel vision, everything else fading to nothing. It was just me locked on my mother's surprised face that quickly reddened. It was one of the few things she and I had in common--there was no hiding our embarrassment.

"L-Leila!" she yelled over the clamor. "I'm so glad you're home!"

"I bet," I seethed, biting back what I really wanted to say. They'd eat up our family drama and it would be plastered all over the rags next week. She quickly pulled my father up beside her, gripping him tight.

"All these lovely photographers just wanted to-"

"I'm going in the house," I said, marching right past her.

Did she forget that I studied PR? That I'd lived it for the past month? I knew exactly why the photographers were there. It was no secret that the most unscrupulous in my field would tip off paps about their client's location for publicity. Well, the only publicity or pictures they were getting today would be a shot of my back walking in the opposite direction.

I clenched and unclenched my fists as I stepped inside the house. The warmth of my mother's favorite Airwick fragrance, apple cinnamon, flooded my nostrils. It should have relaxed me, like it did every time I came home. When I sunk into the familiar grooves of the couch, all of my worries should have been soothed away. But I got no relief, no relaxation at all. Every nerve ending in me was on edge.

The screen door creaked open and I knew it was my dad, his woodsy cologne and the scuff of his boots gave him away. I peered up at him, tears of frustration blurring my view, ruining what was supposed to be a happy reunion.

"How long has she had them on speed dial?"

He ran his hand over his thinning brown hair, his bright green eyes weary. "One of 'em called about two weeks ago and the phone hasn't stopped ringing since."

I shut my eyes with a groan. Right around the time Jacob and I announced to the world that we were dating.

Dad trudged to his armchair and let out a groan of his own as he sat down. "If I would have known she was going to have them waiting for you..."

I flashed a weak smile. There was no need for him to explain. We both knew that Mom was a force of nature and when she put her mind to something, even he couldn't slow her down. It was as close to an apology as I was going to get from him. When the door swung open a second time, I didn't even bother waiting for one from the real culprit.

"Are you insane, Mom? You had no right calling them here!"

She brought a hand to her chest, feigning shock. "Leila, I had no idea-"

"Oh God," I said disgustedly. "Please don't insult my intelligence on top of everything else."

She slowly lowered her hand, eyeballing my dad. "What did you say, Earl?"

"Dad didn't say anything," I fumed. "It doesn't take world-class espionage to figure it out-especially when your new bffs aren't known for their discretion."

Her shoulders slumped a little, her face falling as she realized she was caught. "I'm sorry, sweetheart. It's just been like a real life movie over the past few weeks!" She let out a rueful sigh, like she was recounting something majestic but from the look on Dad's face I had a feeling it was closer to a nightmare.

She stepped around me, eyes on the old coffee table. Pictures were scattered all over the glass top, creating a virtual timeline of my life. It started with wide eyed baby photos, trailing through the awkward adolescent years, and leading up to snapshots from my college graduation.

Mom swiped a couple, holding them up like they were a prize. "Some were offering money for copies. They said they'd be worth a pretty penny once you become Mrs. Whitmore!"

I looked at her like she'd just grown an extra limb before my very eyes. "Mrs. Whitmore? We've barely been a couple for a month and you're already planning our wedding?"

She let out a dismissive chortle. "People have gotten married with a lot less time under their belt than that." She kicked off her heels and fell back into the loveseat. "Don't try to play coy with me Leila Rae. I've seen the pictures of you and that boy gallivanting all over the world, looking positively cozy."

The emphasis she put on cozy made my cheeks darken but I reined the embarrassment back in. I wasn't a child anymore. Her meddling had real consequences now. I wouldn't allow my mother's desire to create a gossip sensation dictate my love life.

"I thought I made myself crystal clear on the phone," I began, "But just in case, I'll say it again. I don't want you talking about me or Jacob to the press, paparazzi, your book club, the bingo girls, anyone."

She pouted, blinking up at me through spider like eyelashes. "I really don't see the harm."

"We both know that's not true." She opened her mouth to plead her case, but I didn't even take a breath. "I don't want you talking to them. I'm begging you, Mom. For me."

She chewed on her bottom lip, her brown eyes conciliatory as she gave me a slight nod. "Okay."

"Thank you," I relaxed a little, even though I knew that she'd probably conveniently forget about our agreement in a few days. A week, tops.

"So tell us all about your trip," she said, changing the subject like a pro.

I gave her a small smile. "Italy was amazing. The architecture, the smells, the food, the art..."

Jacob made sure we did everything under the sun, but I still felt like there were countless things to unearth and discover. Her eyes widened as I told her about the hotels and dresses and the jets and cars. I left out the bits about Rachel, she still was a client and now that my mother was buddies with people dying for a juicy story, the last thing I needed to do was serve Rachel up on a platter.

"So when do we get to meet Jacob?" Mom was practically salivating, rubbing her hands together with anticipation. I didn't dare tell her that he wanted to come home with me today, but I wasn't quite ready for the 'meet the folks' stage.

"He's pretty busy getting settled back in after the trip." I lied, almost blushing at how easily the lie rolled off my tongue.

You want to meet them?

Of course I do. Why wouldn't I want to meet the two people that helped create the most deliciously stubborn woman I've ever met?

"Well maybe you can bring him to Mass one Sunday." When she saw the 'hell no' written on my face, she added. "Or Sunday dinner."

My mother was from the South, born and bred in the church and since my dad was pretty much a Catholic in name only, he adopted her faith. I had not so fond memories of Sunday school and spending summers at bible camp. Once I was eighteen and living on my own, church was the first habit I kicked and I had a feeling Jacob had no interest in spending his time in church when we'd spent the last month doing all sorts of highly sinful things.

"I'm starved," I said, diverting the conversation to safer waters. "Anyone want a sandwich?"

She stood up immediately. "Let me get you some leftover spaghetti."

I followed her in the kitchen, finally beginning to unwind-until the house phone shrilled to life.

"I bet that's Lucy," Mom said with an uncomfortable chuckle when she saw the dark glare I threw at phone. "She and I usually catch a matinee Thursday afternoons."

"Uh huh," I grunted, not believing that for a second. We both knew that was some photographer or tabloid writer, dangling some juicy carrot in exchange for a picture or lead on me and Jacob. But once the phone stopped ringing and the room filled with the fragrant aroma of tomatoes, peppers, and garlic, I forgot my annoyance and turned to grab a couple of plates. My mom began spooning out pasta and I stepped forward to help.

"Let me do that, Mom."

"I got it." The firmness in her tone left no room for contestation. "You can set the table."

I went to the fridge and pulled out a pitcher of tea, filled the cups, put out napkins and lined the placemats with utensils. I sat in my seat, my mouth watering as she brought over two plates. We both ate in silence for a few minutes and it was pure bliss to not focus on anything but the taste of the food.

"This is delicious," I said finally. Even though I'd had her spaghetti countless times before, it felt like the first time.

My mother flashed a warm smile before she took a sip of her drink. "It's Grandma Nathalie's recipe." Grandma Nathalie was my father's mother. She'd come to the states from Sicily with her family when she was a child. "She gave it to me after I married your father."

I knew what was next, but it didn't stop me from hoping she wouldn't go there. "And I'll give it to you when you marry Jacob."

I stabbed at my salad with swift, vicious strokes. "Even if I did cook, I won't need the recipe, Mom."

"Of course you will. Even if he can afford fancy restaurants, there's nothing like a good, home cooked meal."

Other than the obvious fact that Jacob and I were nowhere near the wedding planning stage of our relationship, my mother was conveniently forgetting that the last time I'd tried making a home cooked meal I'd nearly burned our house down.

"Actually, I think Jacob is more likely to the cook the meals."

Her brown eyebrows arched in surprise. "He is?"

"Well, I've only had his breakfast," I said after swallowing a forkful of spaghetti. "But it was killer."

"Huh," she said with a chuckle. "I would have guessed the only thing he knew about cooking was it being something the help did."

"Nope," I said, pride settling on my skin like a warm blanket. "He's actually full of surprises."

I wished I could take the last bit back as soon as it came out but it was too late, Mom was already on the edge of her seat, hoping my admission was the opening for some juicy tidbit.

I shook my head and laughed despite myself. Even if I was going to share anything, the last person on earth I'd share it with would be my mother-even if she hadn't planned to set me up with the vultures.

She thankfully didn't push the issue. "So I can tell you're enjoying the new beau...how about the new job?"

I dropped my eyes to the flowered tablecloth, flushing even though I knew there was no way my mother knew about the contracts or its sexual contexts. Still, it was impossible to not think about submission when I thought about my position as Jacob's personal assistant. And when I thought about submission, it was impossible not to think about how right it felt to be bound, exposed, and completely at his mercy. Those thoughts sent all sorts of needs and pangs to the most inappropriate places in the world considering my mother was sitting a few feet from me.

I cleared my throat and forced my eyes back up to meet hers. "The job is great. I think I told you over the phone that we were in Venice for a junket. It was really cool to be behind the scenes and actually see what it entails and managing our client to make sure everything went off without a hitch."

She propped her chin on the palm of her hand, looking at me with stars in her eyes. "You should have seen the girls' faces when I told them you were working at Whitmore and Creighton. Everyone just loves that PR show."

PR was one of the highest rated reality shows on TLC and had recently been renewed for another season. I remembered watching it, wishing, hoping I'd get a chance to work at Whitmore and Creighton. I still couldn't believe I was an employee, or that one of the producers had approached me for some on-air segments before I'd even gotten back stateside. I wasn't silly enough to think that they were interested in me alone, but since I was dating Jacob, I was suddenly a person of interest.

"Maybe we can have lunch one of these days," Mom said dreamily. "I'll take the train out to the city and we'll eat at one of the places where a salad costs thirty bucks."

"Just let me know and I'll have my secretary pencil you in," I said jokingly. It was still hard to wrap my mind around the fact that I could actually afford those kinds of places.

"I'm so proud of you, Lay." The expression on my mother's face was one she'd worn at award ceremonies, track meets, and graduations. It was one that still made me feel like I could do anything under the sun. "And I'm so happy about you and Jacob. It really is like something straight from a movie."

"Well, don't go booking a wedding DJ or anything," I said warily. I pushed away from the table, taking our dishes to the sink. "We just started dating, Mom"

"Since when did you become such a Negative Nancy?" she countered. "I read those comments on the internet. Tons of women wish they could be in your shoes."

I held a dish under the water, the gushing liquid hypnotizing as red sauce oozed from the porcelain. I read the comments too-and they weren't all fairy tales and well wishes. Dating Jacob opened me up to the scrutiny of women who wanted their own happy ending with Jacob. To them, I was average and leagues away from the models he used to date.

As I shut off the water and stacked the dishes in the dishwasher, the mask of confidence I'd been wearing began to fade. Jacob and I hadn't been dating long enough for diamond rings and nuptials, but if I was honest, that wasn't the only reason the wedding talk grated. There was still a part of me that had the same question all of those flabbergasted commenters had:

What the hell does he see in her?

****

"What do you think?"

Jacob's apartment building was unbelievable. We were greeted by a doorman that knew Jacob by name and I swooned a little when Jacob knew his and asked about his new baby. The immaculate lobby was lined beautiful works of art, marble statues worthy of any museum and a freaking fountain. A man dressed in a sleek black suit and a gold name tag immediately greeted us and informed me that as the concierge on staff he would be at my 'beck and call'. He didn't even bat an eye when I said I was craving some macaroons from clear across town and I had to tell him I was joking when I realized he was actually about to arrange it.

A private keyed elevator shuttled us up to Jacob's sky rise apartment and even though I'd spent the past month at his villa in Italy and was no stranger to the opulence that came with being Jacob Whitmore, his sun filled loft was truly something to behold.

Beams of light glittered like diamonds, illuminating every square inch. The expansive living room and fireplace were flanked by lush couches, generating a clean, modern feel. The separate dining room could have been pretentious but instead it had a classic lived in ambiance, mixing dark wood and paneling. The library room off the dining room was lined with books and opened up to an amazing terrace that overlooked the bustling city. A floating glass staircase ascended to what I was sure would be even more exquisite furnishings and views.

Jacob stepped up behind me, wrapping me in a warm embrace. His lips pressed against the slope of my neck, uncoiling the deep rooted desire in the heart of me. I turned and looked up at him. Nothing compared to seeing desire in his impossibly blue gaze. Nothing compared to the tingle of knowing the most beautiful man I'd ever seen could look at me like I was the only woman in the world.

I licked my lips, zeroing in on his mouth. I wanted him so bad I could taste it.

"I'm guessing the tour is over." The side of his mouth quirked upward as he stroked my cheek and brought a single finger to trace my bottom lip.

"Not quite." I pressed my body into his and felt physical, hardened proof that great minds really do think alike. "I still haven't seen the bedroom."

It should have been jarring to be jerked up a flight of stairs, but it didn't bring me down from cloud nine where my head was occupied with thoughts of Egyptian cotton and fluffy pillows to scream into as he ravaged me. His urgency was contagious and knowing it was only moments before he sunk inside me made me quiver with desire.

He threw open the door to the master bedroom and wasted no time boasting about the rustic hardwood floor or what I was sure was an original Van Gogh above his bed. His fingers were clawing at the buttons of my blouse and in a moment of frustration he just yanked the shirt open with a rip. Neither of us cared about the blouse or anything else except the need to feel our bodies beating as one. He ran his hands up my skirt, looking for underwear to discard and he paused when I gasped as his fingers brushed against my bare flesh.

"Good girl." His voice was gritty and rife with need

He let out a growl as I coyly slid back onto the bed and threw my head back and spread my thighs wide. There was a second guttural, animal like sound and then I felt his hot, wet mouth on me. I dragged my fingers through his dark locks, tugging as his lips circled my clitoris and sucked. All the blood in my body rushed to the nub in his mouth, engorging it as I writhed in his erotic hold. I tossed my head back and forth, his assault making me lose my mind. It was all too much and not enough at the same time.

I knew the rules-and no cl**axing without his express permission was in the top five. I learned to focus and control my body and the reward was longer, more powerful orgasm along with pride and lust in Jacob's eyes as I gushed when he saw fit.

But when he brought his finger into the mix of sensations, plunging it deep inside as he continued to lick my fleshy button, my release slipped like sand between my fingers. There was no breathing through it or holding it back. I was coming-and I was coming hard.

His mouth abandoned me as I convulsed and moaned as the rhythmic squeezes of my release overtook me. I crumbled as my body vibrated on a frequency of sheer bliss. I didn't want to come down...especially when I knew I'd be disciplined. But I'd have to open my eyes eventually.

I drew a deep breath and cautioned a look at him. He'd shed his sleek button down shirt so I got an eyeful of the tight muscles of his abdomen and the tantalizing v cut that led to his groin area.

He stood there watching, waiting for me to gather myself, ever the model of control and patience. But his eyes told another story. They were glazed with lust at watching me come-and excited about inflecting punishment.

Forgetting my training would cost me dearly.

As he unfolded his pants from his body, it was like peeling back layers to get to the juicy fruit beneath. His mouthwatering erection protruded from his underwear, massive and swollen. I slid back onto the bed, fear and arousal gripping the words of my apology.

"I-I know I was supposed to wait." I swallowed as he came closer, na**d and unsheathed, holding his bulge firmly in one hand. "I just couldn't hold on any longer."

There was a devilish smile on his lips that extended all the way to his clear blue eyes. "You should save your breath." His voice deepened. "You're going to need it."

There was no amount of psyching myself up or preparation before Jacob wrestled a handful of my hair, pulling me toward him. Once my lips were close enough to his engorged c**k he released his shaft and tangled both hands in my hair, holding tight.

I had no time to trace the veiny length of him; barely drawing a breath before he pushed past my lips and into my mouth. I gargled around his length, stretching my mouth wide and moaning into the salt and musk of his skin. He thrust deep, deeper than I was expecting and nearly forced his way down my throat. Stars exploded behind my eyes as I gagged on his length. The wet, sloppy sounds seemed to turn him on even more as he used my hair like reins and dictated a feverish beat.

After a few minutes of discomfort chased with the warmth of giving him pleasure, he slowed his thrusts, drawing back until the head of his c**k lie just behind my lips, letting me lick and tease the angry purple head with my tongue. From the way his muscles tightened and his breath hitched, I knew that he could have melted in my mouth then and there-and for my infraction, I had no right to expect any more than that. But my body hummed for more, it needed to feel him and touch him from the inside.

With a hollow moan he pulled from my mouth and climbed on the bed. I couldn't stop a smile from stretching from my mouth to the very sun that was dancing on the beautiful contours of his body. He was clearly trying to maintain control, his arms flexing as he poised the head of his c**k at the edge of my slick heat, his eyes narrowed and stern. But I didn't want control right now. I wanted all of him.

I locked my legs around his waist, pulling him into me, taking every hardened inch in one swift stroke. If my brazen act rubbed him the wrong way he gave no indication, rocking into me with a frenzy and a desperation that matched my own. He drove into me, hard, fast, and wild until we were only heated flesh; until we both reached that fever pitch and melted in each other's arms..

We didn't move from where we lay lengthwise on the bed, still catching our breath. We were both sweaty and slick against one another, tangled up in love stained sheets.

"That was a pretty ballsy move just now." There was the usual sternness in his voice, but there was something else. Something warm and approving. "I think I like it when my little sub is defiant every now and then."

So I decided to bring up the thing we'd avoided since he started introducing me as a staff publicist to reporters a week ago.

"I don't want you to promote me, Jacob."

He let out a sigh. "Don't be silly, Leila. Of course I'm going to promote you."

I pushed his hand from its place across my stomach and pulled myself to a sitting position. "Don't be dismissive."

He didn't move from his position of leisure, hands tucked behind his head, but his eyes were straight up business. "I'm not being dismissive. You said you were the best. Why shouldn't you have the best job?"

"Because no one will respect me if I go from aide to personal assistant to publicist in a month."

Business changed to personal as his eyes darkened. "If anyone says a word-"

"That'll show 'em," I scoffed. "'Better treat Leila extra nice or she'll run and tattle'." I scooted back on the bed, needing to be close enough that he could see how serious I was and how important this was to me. "I need to do this for myself, Jacob. I've wanted to do this job all my life. It's my freaking dream for crissakes."

"Then I'll help you fulfill it," he said simply. "It's settled."

"I don't want a handout," I insisted, my voice rising along with my frustration level. "I want the job on merit, not my relationship status." When it still seemed like I was banging my head against the wall, I took a breath and kicked my legs back off the side of the bed.

I walked over to the window, looking out at the beautiful lines of the concrete jungle. This city was full of stories. Pages of broken dreams. Tales of unbelievable success. Jacob had his own saga himself-his father wanted him to go in show business, in front of the camera, instead of handling crises behind it. He should have known better than anyone what it meant to make a name for yourself and the power of controlling one's own destiny.

I turned back to him, cooling my temper. "I appreciate everything you've done for me babe. Really I do. But I need you to understand how important this is to me."

He sat up and gave me a long pensive look that rooted me in place. "I need you to understand that it is hard for me to not give someone I love every damn thing under the sun." He raked a hand through his messy hair, shaking his head. "But if this is important to you, I'll try and support you."

'Try' wasn't as concrete as I was hoping for, but with Jacob, I knew I'd have to celebrate inches like they were miles.

****

I breezed through the front doors of Whitmore and Creighton, my heart hammering in my chest. The nerves weren't the same ones that I felt when I came in for the interview, with my chest tight and butterflies whipping around in my gut, but the same feeling that I stuck out like a sore thumb remained. I was dressed as stylishly as everyone else-wearing a blush colored blouse that had the right amount of femininity and allure, a inky black pencil skirt hung on my curves and nude pumps-but I still felt like I was wearing a costume, playing a role and I didn't quite have the words down.

There was one key difference though. Before, I gawked at the art and glossy lobby I'd only seen on my television screen. Now, I was the one being gawked at. Icy, female eyes gave me the once over before taking another go round in disapproval. With their noses practically touching the ceiling, they were clearly stumped as to why Jacob chose me. The men's gaze lingered hungrily before they realized I wasn't oblivious. They quickly turned away like they expected Jacob's wrath to rain down like hellfire. Even the nice old security guard looked at me with new eyes. It was clear I had my work cut out for me. A dash of favoritism got me through the door and I needed to prove I could do this job.

I stepped into the elevator, gravitating toward the back and keeping my eyes front and center. People petered out at each floor until it was only me rocketing up to the executive floor. It was quiet in the lobby except for the hum of classical music and the click of my heels on the glittering floor. I frowned when I saw that Natasha, Jacob's secretary, was nowhere to be found. I was hoping for a quick refresher course and I would need her key to access my office space. Maybe it would be open anyway since it was unoccupied.

I let out a small sigh of relief as I twisted the doorknob and pushed into the room. It was as unassuming as I expected. The walls were painted a conservative beige with white crown molding. There was a mahogany corner desk with a Mac Desktop computer perched on top. There was a cube like bookcase on the other wall with small decorative baubles in a handful of nooks.

I trailed my fingertips along the hardened surface of the desk, trying not to think about the other women that sat behind it. I pulled open my briefcase and pulled out some odds and ends to mark my territory. The others didn't matter. This was my time and my chance to take on the world.

Even as I sat my little figurine I got from a tacky souvenir shop outside of Venice (much to Jacob's chagrin) and a crystal figurine of a sleeping kitten that I got from my father as a child (even though I was deathly allergic to cats), I couldn't help but notice how inadequate they looked on the glossy wood desk. The high back chair seemed to engulf me as I leaned back into its leathery embrace.

I slumped forward with a sigh, putting my head on the desk. I'd put on a brave face for him, for everyone, and I knew that I was more than capable to be his personal assistant and more, but I couldn't help but think about the train wreck with Rachel. While our current client had zero chances of attempting to sabotage my personal and professional livelihood out of unresolved feelings for Jacob, I still had pause. Jacob had never really reprimanded me about my quick temper with Rachel, but I knew that I had to learn to put aside my insecurities and issues for the client. It was Business 101 and in publicity, where appearances were everything, I had to work on my poker face. I had to prove that I was the tenacious worker I'd presented at the interview and not just a quick witted with a bite.

"Ahem."

I jerked up at the interruption and came face to face with Jacob's secretary, Natasha. In a white blouse and a pale blue skirt that danced around her knees and equally blue eyes narrowing in distaste, the title 'Ice Queen' came to mind.

"Miss Montgomery, I take it?"

I stood up abruptly, clasping my hands awkwardly in front of me. "Yes--I think we met briefly before I went to Italy."

"What are you doing in here?" she said abruptly, crossing her arms.

I frowned, stepping around the desk. "This is my office."

"This is the office for the assistant to the CEO."

"And I am the assistant to the CEO," I said pointedly.

She propped a hand on her hip. "You want to maintain your position?" The biting rudeness in her voice slowly shifted to curiosity.

"Why wouldn't I?" I said, looking at her strangely.

"Well, I've seen your resume," she answered simply. "You're overqualified. You don't really belong in this office."

"Well, I think this position is a lot better suited over research aide," I rebutted, my cheeks flaming angrily. I got that I wasn't Jacob Whitmore, but her stank attitude was rubbing me all sorts of wrong. "Is there something I could do for you?"

She gave me a smile so frigid that I literally shivered. "Actually, yes. I have some paperwork for you to sign."

I followed her back to the main executive lobby, holding my tongue and trying to remember my whole being respectful and non-confrontational pact I made with myself, but it was hard to swallow Jacob's secretaries outright disapproval of me. Even as a secretary, she had more social and political capital at Whitmore and Creighton than I did and I needed someone on my side besides the boss if I wanted a pleasant tenure at the company.

I picked at straws, trying to find any common ground that I could stick a white flag on. Her head was bowed as she picked through documents on her desk, a flash of green glittering in her ears.

"Your earrings are so pretty," I offered with a shaky smile. "Are you a Gemini?"

She didn't even acknowledge my attempt at a compliment, instead, holding out a manila folder. "If you could just sign on the dotted line, I can process it and you can go to the job you worked so tirelessly for."

I accepted it with a scowl, not missing the sarcastic tint to her words. I expected paperwork for insurance and benefits. But there was no escaping what I saw with my own two eyes. The documents detailed the forfeiture of my position as Jacob's personal assistant and a new position as a staff publicist.

My hands, lips, and voice trembled as I read over the bold font over and over again. "This doesn't make any sense."

"This transfer was approved by Mr. Whitmore, Miss Montgomery. Surely this isn't news."

My eyes flashed as I brought them from the paper to her face. "And I'm telling you there's been a mistake."

"A mistake?"

Was there an echo in here? "Yes! I didn't agree on or ask for any new position."

"Ah," she said with a slight, crisp nod. "Just the original promotion from research assistant to personal aide to the CEO then."

I snapped the folder shut and held it back out to her. "I won't be needing this."

"I'd suggest holding on to it," she said with a patronizing smirk. "I think we both know that whatever Jacob wants, Jacob gets."

The first thought that ran through my head was to rip it up and make it rain all over her smug head, but I just gripped the folder tight and turned on my heels, marching back to my office. I was strapped to a rollercoaster of emotions; careening over fury, dipping into shame, and upside down and disappointed.

I told him how important it was that I work my way toward any other positions. I told him I would never respect myself otherwise and Natasha's treatment of me was proof positive that my colleagues wouldn't respect me either. From the contract that changed my life to the paparazzi snapping pictures left and right, I had very little control. But I could put my foot down here. I could control this.

He answered the phone after one ring, his husky voice almost making me forget that I was furious with him. "Miss me already?"

"Jacob we need to talk."

"I agree," he said without missing a beat. "You snuck out of here without a word. After I thought we'd reach an understanding."

"I told you I was going to the office today."

"And I told you I wanted another day with you." His voice took on a hungry note that made me tingle. "We still have surfaces to christen."

I fell as silent as if he'd just ordered me so, practically salivating at the thought of us laid out on his dining room table.

"I still haven't shown you the powder rooms or the Persians with your backside written all over them..."

I found my voice, but it was a tiny, hesitant thing. "No, Jacob."

"Stubborn today I see." A chuckle rippled through the speaker and echoed over my body. "I have the perfect cure for that."

"No." I reined in the part of me that ached for him. The part that could just fade into him if he only asked. "I didn't call you to have phone sex or be coerced back to your high rise penthouse of bdsm." When he snickered I added, "Or to not be taken seriously."

"Then why did you call, Miss Montgomery?"

I ignored the way he teasingly said my name and focused on the manila folder in my hand. "Why is your secretary handing me transfer paperwork to sign?"

"It's just a formality really," he said smoothly. "I've already talked with Mrs. Joy and she's prepared an office for you whenever you're ready."

I held the phone away from my ear for a moment. Was this the Twilight Zone? "Maybe you're still jet-lagged, but we've already had this discussion. I don't want you to pull any strings and promote me, Jacob."

I heard him shuffling around, probably pacing back and forth in front of one of his floor to ceiling windows. Throwing daggers toward the Whitmore and Creighton building. "I thought you'd be pleased."

"I never find it pleasing to be completely ignored, Jacob."

"Completely ignored?" His tone hardened to a razor's edge. "I hardly think giving you your dream job qualifies as completely ignoring you."

"I don't need you to give me anything!" I said indignantly. "It's bad enough that I got the fast track on day one, but how can I face them or myself if I know that I only got this because I'm your girlfriend?"

"Okay you need to take a breath and calm down-"

"Do not patronize me," I growled into the receiver. "Don't you dare."

The pause did give me time to draw a ragged breath and exhale but it did no good. With everyone in the world looking at me, judging me and thinking the worse, how could he do something that just validated their suspicions? And after I told him how important it was!

"I'm not signing any paper," I said acidly. "Unless it's my god damn resignation."

"Is that right?" His voice was tight with anger of his own. "You'll quit because I dared to defy you? Because I did what was best for you?"

"No I'll quit because you don't respect me," I spat. "Because in this building, in my career, I am not your submissive." I shook my head with disgust. Why was I even bothering? "You have a lot of nerve, Jacob Whitmore."

The controlled tone in his voice was fading as his volume increased. "God damn it, Leila why are you fighting me on this? You know you'd be great at it. You'd rather trail around with me writing memos and getting coffee instead of living your dream? Toil in the trenches just so you can say you've earned your stripes?"

"Damn skippy!"

He let out a groan of frustration that tore into my ear and I held the phone a few inches away but didn't give in. I'd give him anything, but not this.

"I'm coming to the office," he said finally. "We'll finish this discussion face to face."

"If you think you'll wear me down you're in for a rude awakening," I said stubbornly.

"We'll see, Miss Montgomery," he said with finality. "We'll see."

****

The office door swung open, a thunderclap echoing through the room as it collided with the wall. Jacob was dressed to kill, but his annoyance peeked out from behind his signature cool.

I marched to the desk where the manila folder glared up at me. I was going to toss it in his face, but two muscled Armani clad arms circled me.

Jacob pulled the folder from my hand and tossed it aside. "We don't need that."

"But-" Betraying tingles sparked between my legs. "I need to talk to you about-" I sighed in defeat as his fingers found the buttons of my blouse.

"Later." His hand slid inside the silk fabric and across my abdomen, pulling me back against his chest. I felt the curve of his erection pressing into me. "You see what you do to me?"

"Jacob-" It wasn't an admonishment, but a whispered plea. He knew very well that I couldn't think, couldn't breathe when he was so close. Not when there were only a few slips of clothing that separated me from him.

He forced me forward, bending me over the desk. I could still feel his raging desire and when I tried to use a hand to hike up my skirt he clucked his hand with disapproval. "No, Leila. Not yet."

"Not yet?" I said in a tiny voice, frustrated that I was whining and so willingly forgot how pissed I was with him. Frustrated that I wanted him to take me so bad that it hurt.

"Not yet," he said again, his deep voice hypnotic. "Though to be honest, I want nothing more than to plow inside you right now." His hand gripped my hips, sending a pang of pain, of pleasure, to join the chorus of other emotions he evoked. "But you'd enjoy that. And right now, for that little display earlier, you deserve punishment."

It was beautifully terrifying how that word could make me hot. "How will you punish me, Sir?"

The deep groan he let out made me smile. He loved it when I was headstrong, and doubly so when I submitted. The hand on my hip rounded the curve of my bottom. My answer was a resounding 'smack' and the firework of discomfort that accompanied it.

He leaned forward, his muscular body pressing mine into the desk. "Why am I spanking you?"

I drew a shaky breath, a second, a third when I felt him thumping against me. "Because I've been bad."

"And what happens to bad girls?"

My eyes rolled back in my head as he began rocking his h*ps forward, teasing me. "They're punished."

"That's right." He stood upright, taking all the air from my lungs with him. I was hollow without him, missing the feel of him so much it made me shake. Relax, Lay. Soon you'll feel his hand again and you'll regret it.

"I want you to count, understood?"

I licked my lips and braced myself. "Yes sir."

His hand whistled as it sliced toward my bottom. I gasped when it collided, swallowing before I said, "One."

Just as tears brimmed my eyes and I'd counted out the twentieth, he brought his hand to my back, caressing it. "You can stand."

It was easier said than done because my whole body seemed like a blob of gelatin. I tried to stand up right but my knees buckled. Jacob had me in his arms before I could even bat an eye.

He kissed my forehead and I nuzzled him, locking my arms around his neck. "Jacob."

His blue eyes were bright with concern. "You should have used your color, Leila."

I shook my head. "I didn't want to stop." I peered up at him, on fire with need. "And I still don't."

Jacob was all hands and desire as I straddled him and sank onto him. He let out a sigh as he fell backward into the chair, locking his arms around my waist. I knew I was seeping into him; swallowing him in my depths and going to a place where there was nothing but our two bodies.

He took my mouth with a fevered urgency, like he was a dying man and my mouth his only salvation. I met his tongue, dancing and swirling in time as everything faded except for his body and my body and the maddening pulsing inside me. We found our fevered pace as I rocked my h*ps and pulled him in before slowly drawing him back out, watching the ticks and furrowed pleasure ripple across his face.

His fingers ran down my spine, pausing on the round curve of my bu**ocks while he whispered that he loved every inch of me, how I made him come alive. It was an exhilarating contradiction; him gripping my waist, digging his fingertips into my heated flesh and the sweet nothings that tugged at my heartstrings, The competing lash of controlled dominance and the powerlessness at the overwhelming love that I felt for him.

I could feel the tension, turning the air electric around us. Even with him deep inside the velvet contours of me, I pulled him deeper, closer, my nail clawing at his back. I got lost in him, mixing and swirling and morphing and changing as we climbed to the peak together.

His fingers threaded in my curls as he rained kisses up and down my neck. "Now what did you want to talk about again?"

I went rigid. How could a guy who'd just been so full of passion be so cold and dismissive? Without another word I stepped around him and snatched my skirt from the rumpled pile, turning my back to him as tears of shame burned in my eyes.

"Leila-"

"'Now what did I want to talk about again?'" I snapped, zipping my skirt in one vicious stroke. "Could you be anymore patronizing?"

I was mad at him, mad as hell even, but I was just as mad at myself. How could he take me seriously if I just melted every time he came within five feet? I couldn't even look at him. I couldn't even look at myself.

He put one hand on my shoulder, silently trying to get me to face him. When I didn't turn voluntarily, both hands pivoted me 180 degrees. Still, I kept my eyes on the floor.

"Look at me, Leila."

When I made no moves to obey, he caught my chin and tilted it upward. I rolled my eyes but when they were done with their rotation, I finally settled on his piercing gaze.

"I don't mean to be patronizing," he said, releasing me with a sigh. "Or to disrespect your wisesh. Hell, I thought I was granting your wish."

"But I told you no more favors." I caught the accusatory edge in my voice along with the tightening of his jaw. The wary expression he wore said the obvious-I could give an inch. Jacob was trying to say he was sorry, even if he was acting like saying the actual words were akin to water boarding. "Last night I thought I was being clear. I said I didn't want you to promote me because we were dating. When I get a promotion, I want to have worked for it."

"And you have worked for it," he said, folding a curl behind my ear. "You did a great job with Rachel."

I gave him the most incredulous look I could muster. "I bumped heads with Rachel at every turn. I could barely be in the same room as her, let alone work with her best interests at heart."

"I don't know if that's the best example of your abilities-"

"It's the only example of my abilities," I interrupted gently. "And even though I hate to admit it, she showed me I have a ways to go before I can be the professional that Whitmore and Creighton deserves."

He still had a guarded look on his face, but his voice softened. "You forget how amazing you are Leila-and how amazing you make me feel."

I nibbled on my lip coyly. "How do I make you feel?"

"Crazed," he answered without missing a beat. When I scowled, he held up his hands in defense. "Let me finish. I say crazed because you're the first thing I think about when I wake up in the morning and you don't leave my mind all day. Even when I'm doing the most mundane things I find myself thinking about you, wondering what you're doing, and wondering if you're thinking about me." If I didn't know better, I'd say he was blushing, but he turned away quickly, obviously shying away from being too sappy. "You're always on my mind, Leila. Making you happy is always on my mind."

I couldn't help but smile, even with the whole promotion thing. That feeling-the tingles and butterflies that fluttered all over-it never went away. I went back to the desk, propping on the edge and watching him. "You really do love me, huh?"

He breathed deep and exhaled with a chuckle. "I do. You drive me crazy, but I do love you, Leila." He tightened his tie, his eyes flashing with mischief. "Which is why I'll drop the promotion-under one condition."

I didn't even hesitate. "I'll do anything, Jacob. Anything."

He leaned forward and brushed his thumb over my hand, sighing softly like he was imprinting the feel of my skin on his heart for safe keeping.

"Don't ever change, Leila."

****

I plunked my tray down on a table in the corner and sat down with a weary sigh. After sending me on several errands all over town, I had a feeling Jacob was still punishing me for our argument. Before sprinting to 18th to catch a lead before they left the country, Jacob had given me the once over, noting my heavy breathing and the sweat that glued my blouse to my chest and asked if I had everything under control. My answer had been, "what's next?"

And here I was, finally taking my lunch at 3pm and only after Jacob said he'd physically carry me down to the cafe and tie me to a chair. And while I'd never admit it to him, it was nice to kick my feet up and inhale some food instead of oxygen to keep from keeling over.

I took a swig of apple juice to wash down the panini and glanced around the room. I could see now the reason everyone called it a 'cafe' instead of a 'cafeteria' wasn't out of smug elitism but because it was the gospel truth. The expansive room had muted walls with framed art and boutique vases. The tables were lined with crisp white linens and fresh flowers. I'd drawn more than one look when I'd walked toward the back area, expecting a buffet style setup and asking about trays. Apparently we placed our orders at our table unless we wanted to grab something to go. The menu was a glossy mix of American and ethnic dishes but I decided to save pad thai for another day.

I settled back in the plush armchair and took in the view from the window. The city looked so beautiful, so full of promise. I scooped a forkful of veggies in my mouth, crunching them slowly. Things were finally looking-

"Are you Leila?"

I tilted my head toward the deep, sultry and very male voice. My eyes went over a bulging chest, barely contained by a powder blue polo, up until I hit a handsome face I'd seen plastered on glossy movie posters. When he smiled, lines creased around his mouth and eyes as he extended a hand.

"I'm Cade Wallace," he said, dwarfing my hand in his. "Jacob's secretary told me I could find you down here."

My mouth started working but no words came out. The main reason I hadn't been completely star struck when I met Rachel was because romances and chick flicks were rarely my thing. I preferred to watch things go boom and laugh at roided up men delivering over the top one liners before the bad guys ate a bullet. I'd pretty much seen everything Cade had been in since he became the It guy 5 years ago, drawing comparisons to Bruce Willis with Cruise-like good looks. He definitely had the All-American thing going on with blond hair, green eyes, and a body both men and women salivated over. He was eye candy, sure, but there was always a realness about him that made me seek out his movies with a special brand of voraciousness-even his attempts at more serious, 'actors' movies that took him from a household name to a household joke.

I was sitting there, shell shocked and still shaking his hand as he gave me a strange look and repeated himself.

"I'm guessing your Leila Montgomery? I'm Cade-"

"Oh I know who you are, Mr. Wallace," I said, finally speaking and knowing that word vomit was about to be in full effect. "I loved you in Medal of Honor and I literally cried in Blood and Chrome. And your storyline in the Last Resort was epic. Oh and Rites of Passage-" I burned red when I realized I was totally fangirling. In front of Cade freaking Wallace. "I'm so sorry." I bit my lip, still not believing he was standing in front of me. "I think you're amazing."

"Cade is just fine," he said with another smile that lit up his whole face. "And I always love meeting fans of my work so apologies aren't necessary."

I cleared my throat, realizing he probably didn't come over to sign an autograph. "Uh, have a seat. And you can call me Leila."

"Thank you, ma'am." Usually the whole ma'am would completely turn me off, but there was just something about a megastar that hadn't forgotten his down home roots and manners that I found endearing. "I didn't mean to interrupt your lunch-"

"Oh it's fine," I tossed a napkin over my barely eaten sandwich. "I just wasn't expecting to see you until Monday morning."

"Yeah, uh, that's what my assistant had written on the calendar." An awkward silence stretched out between us for a minute until he shuffled in his seat uncomfortably and got on with it. "You know I've been out of town, working on a new movie."

I nodded. "Soldier's Creed." I'd only skimmed the script and flipped through publicity shots on the plane back to the States, but even then I knew this would reinstate him back on the action throne. "I know all of us here can't wait for the premiere. The story sounds amazing."

"It is amazing," he said, arms flexing as he crossed his arms. "It's based on a true story, you know. We flew the guy out on location, got to hear it straight. He was a real f**king hero." His face scrunched as he apologized for the profanity. "Beg your pardon. It was just surreal to see what was written on the paper in the flesh."

"You don't have to apologize." But I felt like I needed to. 'Based on a true story' had become a cliche and I'd assumed they'd taken a grain of truth and turned it into a virtual bread factory of explosions and riveting soundtrack that had very little to do with truth.

"He's a true American hero," Cade continued, looking out the window like something transfixed. "Not a wannabe like me."

"A wannabe?" I repeated.

"National Guard," he answered quietly. His whole demeanor changed, the sunny, charismatic force somewhat dimmed. He was somber and almost eerily silent compared to the guy who first sat down at my table.

I scooted to the edge of my seat, curious. "I had no idea you were military."

"Yeah," he said gruffly, not meeting my eyes. "I didn't do anything worth remembering."

"Don't say that." I reached out, putting my hand over his. Something about his demeanor, his sadness, made me forget he was Cade Wallace. "Anyone serving our country, fighting for our freedoms is worth remembering."

"Is that right?" he said, halfheartedly.

"Yep," I said firmly. "Most actors can only say they've played characters, researching experiences to tell an authentic story. You've actually done it."

He glanced up and his eyes drank in my own nice and slow like he was seeing me in a whole new light. Or maybe even the first time. I pulled my hand away and let out a nervous chuckle, wondering what Cade's story was, and why in a technology age where every booger celebrities picked was readily available, there was nothing at all listed as far as a military record.

"Anyway," he began, cutting through my musings, "I was in the neighborhood and figured I'd come and meet the team that's going to help make sure it gets the box office reception it deserves."

I wrung my hands in my lap, refreshing the blush in my cheeks. "I'm just a small part of the team, Mr. Wallace."

"My mother was a nurse. She spent her life doing the grunt work while doctors got all the glory." He winked as he rose to his feet. "Trust me-I know what a big role the small parts play."

I sat a little taller, wishing Natasha or any of the handful of women that had been looking at me like I wasn't fit to scrub the toilets were around to hear that. "Well, alright then."

"You take care and I'll see you bright and early on Monday." He stopped and turned back to me, giving me another dazzling smile. "It was nice meeting you, Leila."

****

Le Gout had been on my 'Big City Dreams' list since forever. They had a Michelin star chef on staff and were always given amazing reviews in all the right newspapers and magazines. Even though I'd only been on the outside looking in, watching beautiful people around tables with dishes that cost as much as my grocery bill for the month, I knew that Le Gout represented something special. It was the pinnacle of class and prestige-everyone that was anybody had walked through the doors at least once. Even scoring a reservation less than a month in advance was impossible. Unless you were Jacob Whitmore.

Jacob put the Porsche in park as we pulled to the velvet rope in front of Le Gout. The valet was on his p's and q's, promptly moving to open my door. Jacob held up his finger and the man paused, arms at his side, giving us a moment.

"Are you alright?" His eyes flickered over my face. "You've barely said two words since we got in the car."

I unclicked my seatbelt slowly and when I met his gaze I didn't even bother with a white lie. I'd gotten my mother's text over thirty minutes ago and Jacob had to call Le Gout and give them the okay to seat her and Dad, even though they were mega early for our 8pm reservation. I'd become a whirlwind, saying the hell with drying and flatironing my hair and forgetting all the strategic make up I'd planned to apply. It was my first time at my dream restaurant and my curly hair was in a messy bun on top of my head and I was wearing an unassuming black dress because I didn't have the time to steam the scarlet number I wanted to wear. God only knew the trouble my mother was getting into. Add that to the stress of my parents meeting Jacob and no wonder I was close-lipped.

One side of his mouth tugged upward. "You're nervous about your parents." When my eyebrow arched, he remedied. "Nervous about your mother."

I gave him a slight nod as I fiddled with my clutch. I'd told Jacob about my run in with the paps at my parent's house and accidentally let it slip that my mother tipped them off. I'd expected him to write her off, to think she was just another fame hungry momzilla living vicariously through her offspring, but he'd just laughed and asked if they got any good pictures. And he still wanted to meet her. It was terribly sweet--and upped the ante to a fever pitch that had dread coursing through my veins. He was the first guy who ever seemed genuinely interested in my family and learning about where I came from. It made the possibility that something would happen and keep everything from going off without a hitch.

"It'll be fine." He stroked my thigh, his touch taking the edge off. "It's just dinner."

I gave him a smile and with a nod from Jacob, the valet opened my door and I stepped out of the car. I ignored the part of me that knew it was a lot more than that. I breathed in and out as I clung to his arm and we breezed inside.

All the sights and smells helped to dull the nerves and I relaxed as we turned to the dining room. The area was a sea of glossy, important looking people, the jewels and watches at their wrists glittering as brightly as the silverware on the table. I held my smile, believing that maybe, just maybe the night wouldn't turn into a train wreck until I saw my mother. Her face was furious and disdain flowed off her in waves-and was directed at the waiter. We were easily fifty feet away, but I could still hear her words loud and clear.

"What do you mean it's twenty-five dollars for Perrier? I can buy it for two bucks at the drugstore down the street!"

Oh God.

I rushed forward, hoping she would put the crazy back in the box once she spotted me and Jacob. "Mom!"

She turned her head back to the front and went from meltdown to Miss Congeniality. "Leila!" She swat the waiter away like she was the Queen of England as she stood up, holding out her arms. "It's so good to see you!"

I gave her an awkward hug before I stepped aside to introduce Jacob. "And this is-"

"My future son-in-law!"

Jacob let out an uncomfortable chuckle as she brought him in for a hug that lasted way longer than appropriate. "Mrs. Montgomery. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"Oh the pleasure's all mine," she said with a grating wink. My father gave Jacob a sturdy handshake once my mother released him and flashed me an apologetic half smile.

I settled in my seat, trying to ignore the warmth of the gaze of the other patrons. Their disapproving eyes were as unnerving as cameras flashing. When our waiter gauged he wouldn't be chewed out again over the price of water, he breezed back to the table. I barely let him get a word out before I ordered the biggest martini they had.

"Hard day at work?" Mom didn't even bother masking her judgment.

"Something like that," I answered with a tight smile.

I could tell she wanted to push the subject, maybe give me a lecture about how it wasn't ladylike to drink, but she let it go. "It must be so glamorous working with celebrities." She leaned forward, dropping her voice to a near whisper. "Working with anyone interesting?"

I glanced at Jacob and he gave me a nod. "Right now we're working with Cade Wallace."

She exchanged a look with my dad and he shook his head. "You know I don't keep up with that stuff, sweetheart."

She turned back to me, her forehead scrunched in concentration. "There's something familiar about that name..." She snapped her fingers as it dawned on her. "Cade Wallace! That bulky, Captain America looking action star with the strong jawline?"

"That's him," I said with a weak laugh. My smile faltered when I realized why she remembered his jawline at all. Oh no...

"If memory serves, Lay had quite the crush on him."

Jacob perked. "Is that right?"

"I don't know if I'd call it a crush, Mom." I smoldered.

I must have been naive to think that this meet the parents might go any different than the others. I'd turned down an offer for Jacob and I to come over for a home cooked meal, remembering my mother bringing out the photo album for the first guy I'd brought home. The second had to endure Mom's frighteningly descriptive honeymoon with Dad after she found out we were going on a cruise. "It's really not that big of a deal."

"Oh please," she snickered. "You had posters of the man plastered all over your dorm." She winked at Jacob. "All the other girls swoon over Leonardo DiCaprio, but not my Leila. She liked her men with extra testosterone."

I hoped my mother's dated intel would lessen the blow of revealing that I was a fan of Cade's, but I could already tell that she'd ruffled Jacob's feathers. The hand on my thigh retreated to his own and his jaw went tight as a bowstring.

"Well," Jacob said with a chuckle that he only used when he was pretending he found something amusing. "Maybe I should have made the time to meet the man of Leila's dreams."

I jabbed him with my elbow. "Don't be silly. You're the man of my dreams." When he looked at me for a heartbeat of a second, I could see the anger flash through his ice blue eyes.

The waiter returned to our table and I downed my drink in record time and held up a single finger. He gave me an abrupt nod and hustled away to get me another. Jacob didn't even touch his drink. He just kept his eyes forward, icing me out like I kept some great secret from him. I gave my mother a pointed look and she let out a nervous giggle.

"Well, um, what are you doing exactly? Another junket like Venice?"

I'd been hoping for a complete subject change, but as long as she wasn't singing 'Leila and Cade, sitting in a tree', I'd take it. "He actually has a film coming out soon, so we're working with him to set up media interviews and other promotional activities."

"A new movie?" she said brightly. "What's it called so Dad and I can be their opening night, bells and whistles on?"

I couldn't help but smile at her efforts. Even when she was being absolutely ridiculous and embarrassing me with impressive skill, she always found a way to make me lower my arms by reminding me how she supported me. "Soldier's Creed."

"That movies about 'Nam, right?"

Everyone turned to my dad, surprised he actually said enough words to string together a sentence.

He cleared his throat and shuffled in his seat uncomfortably, clearly not a fan of being in the spotlight. "I remember seeing something about it in The Times." He passed the mic to my mother. "You remember that article, don't you Cheryl?"

"I sure do." She fondled with the pearls at her neck, a rueful look on her face. "It's just horrible what they did to that boy in the POW camp. For him to stay strong after all of that is amazing."

I nodded in agreement. After meeting Cade I'd read up about the film and the soldier's story that inspired it. After being captured by enemy forces, he'd endured unspeakable atrocities for months on end but he never gave in.

"Cade told me that they actually brought the soldier in as a consultant." I traced the stem of my martini glass. "As a vet, he seemed really moved by the story and honored to share it on the screen."

"Interesting," Jacob said beside me.

I turned to him, glad he was finally getting over it. "Yeah the story was really interesting."

"Oh I wasn't talking about the story." He gulped down a swallow of scotch. "I was referring to you being on a first name basis with a client. Kind of unprofessional, don't you think?"

Heat unfurled in my cheeks as I tried, and failed, to temper my response. "I referred to our last "client" by her first name on numerous occasions. And since you gave the go ahead to share with my folks, I really don't see what the big deal is."

But as soon as I was done, and saw the look on everyone's faces, I felt like the village idiot. The big deal was obvious.

Jacob was jealous.

****

Even though I knew my mother couldn't say no to anything dessert related, she acted like she was bursting at the seams and had zero interest in looking at their treats. At the start of the evening I'd wanted to hit fast forward but since Jacob had been given me a sneak peek of the epic fight we'd have tonight, suddenly I wasn't so excited about parting ways.

"You sure you don't want me to walk you out to your car?" I offered, trying to tuck a subliminal message in the words. "It's really no trouble."

My mother's lip smirked slightly as she shook her head. She got the message, but chose to ignore it. "That's alright, sweetie."

Dad rose up and shook Jacob's hand and waited while Mom gave Jacob another squeeze. She leaned down to my cheek and whispered, "Talk to him" before they hustled toward the exit.

'Talk to him'? My date who'd gone from charismatic to quiet as the grave over some silly crush I had on Cade? I honestly didn't even know where to begin.

The waiter came back with Jacob's black visa card and he slipped it onto his money clip. I shook every drop of alcohol I could from my glass and still came up wanting. There would be no dulling the nerves that had taken up residence in the pit of my stomach.

"So are we going to talk about this?" I said finally, breaking the silence.

"Talk about what?" He chewed every word and spit them out, refuting the nonchalant question.

"About Cade." When he tensed, I added, "Mr. Wallace."

"So now you want to talk about your attraction to him?" Jacob said heatedly. "When I've already agreed to represent him?"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "You're saying that if you knew that I had some stupid crush on him forever ago that you wouldn't have brought him on as a client?"

His silence was all the reply I needed.

I couldn't help but laugh at that. Jacob freaking Whitmore was saying that he'd stonewall Cade Wallace, hell, any man that I dared to have a crush on. It was mind boggling. How did I become this person, this woman worth burning bridges and cutting ties? Me, just a regular girl from Douglas Heights, making the sexiest man I'd ever met jealous to the point where professionalism was irrelevant? He couldn't be serious!

The sound of his chair scraping backward cut through my laughter. "I'm glad you find all of this amusing."

"Jacob-"

"We're leaving." And with that he raged toward the exit like a bull with red in his sights. As much as I was dreading sliding into his two seater with me, him, and his stubbornness, I was dreading a ride home in a taxi more. If we were trying for a relationship and my feelings for Cade hurt him, I had to figure out a way to talk about it and make it right.

I hustled behind him, trying to grip his elbow but he wrenched from my touch.

"I want to talk, Jacob."

He stopped, but he didn't turn around. "I need to cool off first, Leila. Anything I say now would only make things worse."

"You won't even look at me," I said, my voice rising. "How could it get any worse than that?" I knew we were putting on a show that would have put my mother's water debacle to shame, but I didn't care. I was trying to talk and be understanding and he was turning me into the villain. "I just don't get what the big deal is."

"I'm not going to do this here." He burst through the door and I had tunnel vision, my anger causing me to completely miss the people camped out in front of the restaurant.

"Stop walking away from me!" I said shrilly as I followed him outside and came face to face with the paparazzi. They gobbled up my plea and worked themselves into a frenzy as they snapped pictures left and right.

I futilely held my clutch as a shield, trying to hide from the flashes as the valet helped me into the car but their questions had already hit their mark.

"What were you two arguing about Leila?"

"Is there trouble in paradise?"

Jacob barely let the valet close my door before he stepped on the gas and the car swung into traffic. He snapped on the radio before switching gears, darting and weaving in between cars like some daredevil Nascar driver. It was clear the last thing on earth he wanted to do was talk, and his anger over an innocent crush made me want to talk even more.

I powered off the radio. "We need to talk."

I expected more fight, but he conceded. "Fine."

I tried to explain it the best way I could. "I like over the top, insane action movies. And once upon a time, that was Cade Wallace's MO." I swallowed. "So I was a fan. Am a fan."

"Just a fan, huh?"

"Okay so I would have given the president of his fan club a run for her money," I said with exasperation. "But it was just a simple, silly celebrity crush. I never thought I'd ever meet him. And even if I did, I so wouldn't even make his radar."

"Oh but you did, love." I didn't think it was possible for that word to come out of his mouth and make me feel anything but warmth and safety. Instead, I felt an icy slash of fear, only magnified when I saw the white of Jacob's knuckles as he gripped the gear shift.

"Jacob, I have no idea what you're talking about. We talked for ten damn minutes, we weren't planning some super-secret getaway!"

When all I got was silence, I'd had it. If he wanted to be angry, fine. I wasn't going to die in a mangled sports car to prove I was a good girlfriend. "If you don't want to talk, fine. Pull to the curb and let me out." When he didn't even flinch, I put all of my frustration behind the order. "LET ME OUT!"

He slowed down, but gave no indication that he planned on pulling over, so I decided to wait for the next stoplight. Too bad the paps weren't hot on our tail, or they'd get a hell of a shot of me sprinting from Jacob's Porsche.

"He tweeted something yesterday that stuck with me, even though I planned to have him delete it. It had a romantic feel to it and completely contradicts the bad ass image we're trying to portray for the film."

I clicked my seatbelt back on, abandoning my plans for escaping. "What does his Twitter feed have to do with-"

"Let me finish," Jacob interrupted forcefully, but without the anger he'd been holding onto since dinner. It was like he'd been clutching this burden and was just exhausted and eager to let it all go.

He glanced at me, his eyes softened. "Please."

I gave him a long look and nodded. "Alright."

"The tweet said something like, 'met someone and felt like cade for the first time in a long time' and when I read it, I saw your face." He inhaled deep and released it. "Before I met you, there was always this hole, this missing piece. And then there was you."

Warmth rushed all over me, the ache in my chest whenever he was near expanding.

"That's sweet, Jacob." I cautioned a smile and the side of his mouth twitched with his own as we moved closer to uptown. "But why would that piss you off? Because of damage control? I still don't get what any of that has to do with me."

"Because he tweeted it almost immediately after he left the Whitmore and Creighton building." Jacob's voice changed, something in it exposed and raw. "I think he was talking about you."

****

The first tip off that something fishy was going on should have been that fact that Natasha was all smiles when in the past the very sight of me was enough to make her physically ill. Regardless, I'd taken a deep breath and rapped on Jacob's door, running over the speech I'd been practicing all weekend.

After the bucketful of awkward with Cade's tweet and my mother's overshare at dinner, we both agreed to take a few days apart to get our heads right. Truth was even after taking the weekend, my head was anything but. Even though I thought my exchange with Cade was totally innocent, Jacob's reaction and Cade's tweet had me replaying the conversation, wondering if anything I said could have been misconstrued. At any rate, I'd come up with a list of reasons why Jacob had nothing to worry about.

1.) He was, well, Jacob. No one else could rob me of the ability to function with just a look. No one could make everything else fade except for the drum of my heart and the ache between my legs. And no one else could make me want to simultaneously do them physical harm and kiss their lips off.

I smiled when the door was pulled open with number two on the tip of my tongue and when Missy, one of the staff publicists and ringleader of Operation Leila Sucks, was the one glaring back at me instead of Jacob, I forgot what number two was.

"Missy? What are you-"

"Jacob wanted to see me bright and early so we could go over Wallace's plan of action." She made sure she said every word like they'd been up to a lot more than business. But when I spied Jacob over her shoulder, he gave me a smile that dashed right through her transparent efforts. As soon as his eyes glittered deliciously, I knew that he was mine.

He tapped the bluetooth at his ear and rose to his feet. My mouth watered at the thought of running my fingers over the buttons of his slate blue shirt and diving to the muscled abs beneath. I was sure it must have been all over my face because his brow arched with interest.

Missy turned back to him, ignoring me altogether. "So where were-"

"That'll be all," Jacob said abruptly. "I'll see you in the conference room in a little bit."

When she slowly turned on her heel, her brown eyes round with disdain, I just couldn't help myself. "Jacob and I have lots to discuss. I'm sure you understand."

Once we were alone, Jacob shook his head even though he was still grinning. "Marking your territory?"

"Damn right," I took a step toward him then hesitated, remembering our argument. "About Friday night-"

He perched on the edge of his desk and beckoned me with a finger. "Come here."

I closed the distance between us, standing in front of him. "I just want to apologize-"

"You have nothing to apologize about, Leila," he interrupted. "I'm the one that owes you an apology."

I cocked my head to the side, feigning shock. "I'm sorry, I must have misheard you. It sounded like you said you owe me an apology."

"Haha," he said sarcastically. He reached out and locked his fingers with mine. "Am I really that callous that you think me incapable of apologizing?"

I scratched my chin, pretending to think about it. "I guess stranger things have happened." I moved closer, looking up into his eyes. "Like, who knew Jacob Whitmore could get jealous?"

He traced my jaw, sending tingles up and down my spine. "You seem to have forgotten Tall, Dark, and Italian."

I laughed, remembering taking Allegra's drop dead gorgeous to dinner and seeing Jacob's eyes boil with anger. This was different though, and we both knew it.

"I was a dick," he said softly. "Just the thought of any man thinking about you, touching you..." His jaw flexed. "It's still no excuse."

I leaned in and pressed my lips against his. I pulled back, fingering his buttons demurely. "Apology accepted."

He murmured with approval and I was close enough that I could feel the stir of his arousal. "And I plan on calling your parents and apologizing for my behavior as well."

"Not so fast," I said as I unbuttoned the first one. "You're still apologizing to me."

He took my face between his massive hands and brought my lips back to his. I dropped my hand to his fly, but he ended our kiss and gently unhitched his belt from my fingers.

"Make no mistake-I want you," he said huskily. "But we have a meeting."

I pouted, not wanting to rein it in even though I knew he had a point. "After the meeting then?"

He stood up and buttoned his shirt. "It's a date."

I gave Natasha the biggest shit eating grin I could manage as I walked out at Jacob's side and she returned it with her own. I let go of it once we got to the elevator, instead, focusing on my game face. I'd never admit it out loud, but hearing that I had an impact on someone I'd pretty much idolized was confusing. The action loving fan in me wanted to shout it from the rooftops but my heart felt like a rag being wrung and twisted in my chest. Jacob was giving me sidelong glances and I looked down and realized I'd been tapping my foot.

"Everything alright?"

"Of course," I swallowed the golf ball sized knot in my throat. "Why wouldn't it be?"

I followed him out the elevator, feeling the sweat explode at my temple and trying to regulate my labored breathing. Jacob pushed in the conference room first and I followed him, pulling on a brave face.

When Cade's eyes met mine and his mouth broke into a grin, I felt ill. I stole a look at Jacob and watched every muscle in him tighten.

Cade wore a red and black checkered shirt with the sleeves rolled up, a tribal tattoo peeking out at the arm cuffs. When he completely ignored Jacob and shook my hand, I could have died right then and there.

"Miss Montgomery," Cade's voice rumbled, deep and smoky. "It's good to see you again."

I just stood there, my lips parted but nothing coming out. The rational part of me screamed that it wasn't confirmation and meant nothing; he was just being friendly since we'd already met. But the other traitorous part of me was jumping about, staring at this celebrity who was looking at me like he was star struck.

Jacob cleared his throat and I pulled my hand away. "Uh, Mr. Wallace, this is Jacob Whitmore."

The two men exchanged a hearty handshake and then Cade pivoted back to me, winking. "I thought we decided you'd call me Cade."

I felt the fire blazing from Jacob's eyes, turning both of us to ash and I looked down at the floor, feeling warmth rush to my cheeks.

"I'm surprised that you fit me into your busy schedule Mr. Whitmore," Cade said, the bite in his voice ringing through the tension filled air. "Being CEO and all."

"While I'd prefer to jump out of planes and fire blanks into stuntmen, my company won't run itself," Jacob said coolly still wearing a tight smile.

I saw the anger flicker over Cade's face and I let out a weak chuckle and vaulted away from both of them.

Missy and her assistant, Portia, were watching the whole thing with interest. I didn't need super hearing to pick up on the gist of what they were whispering because it was splashed all over their shocked faces. They didn't get what all the fuss was about.

I swatted away that tiny voice that agreed. After all, both men had been photographed with beautiful women with modelesque frames and ridiculously perfect bone structure; women that I looked nothing like. But then I saw Jacob, staring intensely at a document. I knew that gaze. Those eyes held the same power I'd seen when he looked at me and told me that I was beautiful. His certainty was contagious and it reminded me of the indisputable truth I knew with every fiber: other women's attractiveness didn't make me any less so.

I gripped two coffees from the Keurig and sat down beside Jacob, handing him one. He glanced up and said thank you. When I squeezed his thigh beneath the table, I saw one side of his mouth tug upward.

The meeting was a brief one, with Missy doing most of the talking. While in town they'd set him up at the Today Show and the late night circuit, being interviewed about the film. Once we received any pertinent talking points from the studio, we'd include it in a press docket for him to review before he went live. Missy and Cade's assistant met for a moment, calling Jacob over for a question. Even several seats away I could feel Cade watching me. I pulled out my cell and tried to pretend I was the busiest person on the planet, keeping my eyes on the screen.

"Leila, wait up!"

I was a few feet from the door so I decided to pretend I didn't hear him and pushed into the hall. Unluckily for me, he followed.

"Leila!"

I stopped moving, my heart tap dancing in my chest as I slowly turned around. "Mr. Wallace! S-sorry, I just have a lot of things I have-"

The man had tree trunk for legs and spanned the feet between us in two strides. He was close enough that I could see that all those muscles weren't photoshopped. I couldn't escape the alluring scent of soap and sweat and sandalwood and god, he was all man. I wasn't brave enough to look at him eye to eye and I still felt more vulnerable than I liked.

I took a few steps in the opposite direction as goose bumps race up and down my arms. "If you have any questions, Missy would probably be a lot more helpful than me."

"My question is for you."

"Me?" My eyes snapped upward and I regretted it instantly because I couldn't look away from his olive gaze.

"Yeah." He ran a hand through his sandy hair. "You wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime?"

"A cup of coffee?" I parroted back, dread clinging to every word.

"Or tea or ice cream or something else if that's not your thing." He scanned my face. "Are you ok? You look kind of green."

I tried to smile and reassure him, but I was sick with worry and guilt. I still didn't know for sure if he was coming on to me and if I dropped the BF bomb and he wasn't, then I risked looking silly and possibly insulting him. But if I said yes, I had Jacob to deal with.

So I lied.

"We're not allowed to uh, fraternize with clients..."

"I wasn't offering a moonlit walk on the beach," he joked. "I just..." His face went serious and he shut down, just like he had when talking about his history in the military. "Nevermind. I'll see you later."

He walked around me and I watched him stalk toward the exit. He looked like a man marching to execution.

My heels clacked on the floor as I raced to catch him. He was just as surprised as I was when I asked him a question.

"Just a cup of coffee as friends?"

****

I slipped out of the office a little early, being as vague as possible about my departure when Natasha grilled me like a warden. Jacob had been a meeting so I didn't have to face his questions, thank God. I had a feeling he wouldn't be a fan of me grabbing a coffee with Cade, even if we'd both agreed it was strictly platonic. It would be easier to ask forgiveness than permission, right?

That's what I kept repeating over and over like a mantra as I stepped into The Roast. As soon as I smelled the fragrant aroma of coffee beans, it was like pulling on my favorite old t-shirt. The Roast was in a touch and go part of town and definitely qualified as 'hole in the wall'. Somehow they made it work, the peeling wall paint mixing with works of local artists and scuffed tables and armchairs barely holding onto their threads. I'd pretty much lived in the tiny shop during the months before I got the job at Whitmore and Creighton since they had free refills on large coffees and I could drain the well dry and use the wifi.

I saw Cade tucked at a table near the back. Even though he was clearly packing in the muscle department, his slightly wrinkled chambray shirt and shaggy blond hair blended in with the surroundings. With gold strands of hair spilling into his eyes as he leafed through a paperback book, he looked like a bodybuilding hipster. I was the one that looked out of place in my silk blouse, couture slacks, and blood red pumps. It was only magnified by my slicked, bobby pinned hair. I debated ducking back to the bathroom near the door and at least taking my hair down. But Cade glanced up when he took a sip from his coffee mug and spotted me.

I clutched my latte and walked over, trying to smooth out the nerves that had me close to spilling the contents all over the floor. I managed to sit down without making a mess or a fool of myself and swiped a hand over my forehead. "Hi! How are you?"

"Glad that you showed up," he said, a teasing smirk on his lips. When I gaped at him with surprise he added, "I know you're dating Jacob. And even if I didn't know you were the 'secretary turned Cinderella' all over the rags, Jacob's territorial glares did the trick."

I sat back in the seat, suddenly feeling a little less like Judas. "For the record, I'm a personal assistant, not a secretary."

"My bad," he said with a grin that said he was anything but. He gestured at my cup. "What's your poison?"

"Mocha," I answered, bringing the rim to my nose and inhaling deep. "Extra shot."

"White chocolate mocha here," he said, nodding with approval. "Two extra shots." He took a long sip of his coffee, swallowing hard before speaking. "You'll be a double shot-er before you know it."

"Is that right?" I said, highly doubting it. My extra shot was pushing it--I'd be bouncing off the walls all night.

I watched the jovial nature drain from his face like air from a balloon, replaced by a solemnity that reminded me of the quiet moments when he withdrew inside himself. Like when he was talking about filming A Soldier's Creed and how he felt like a fake. Or when I first declined to get coffee.

"This life isn't easy," he said after a moment. "It's hard being on the receiving end of those flashing lights. It drains pieces of you that you never get back."

"It can't be all that bad, Cade," I said. "Look at all the opportunities you get because you are Cade Wallace." I said his name in that movie preview guy's voice, trying to lighten things a bit. The tight line of his jaw did relax a little.

"I guess you have a point. I have seen things and worked with actors and directors I idolized." He steered the conversation back to me. "How about you? Met anyone interesting while you've been in the biz?"

"Besides you?" I thought about Rachel, remembering all the drama fit for a movie screen. "Nah."

"And I'm sure I'm a disappointment."

"Well, you're certainly more emo than I thought you'd be," I said, mixing equal measures of joking with truth.

He laughed at that and it pushed away the rest of the storm clouds on his face. "Emo, huh? I've been called a lot of things, but that is definitely a first. Though god only knows what I'd find if I was brave enough to read comments section online."

"Do not read the comment section online," I said after gulping down chocolatey goodness. "Like, ever."

He leaned back in his chair, folding his arms behind his head. "I take it you found that out the hard way?"

"It was definitely enlightening to find that complete strangers could call me ugly, uninteresting, and a waste of oxygen in one breath." Anger reignited in my gut as I remembered going further and further down the rabbit hole, my eyes glazing over as the list of reasons I wasn't worthy of Jacob lengthened. Even though my sanity told me to step away from the keyboard, I just kept clicking through pages and pages of people who thought I was so out of Jacob's league it was ridiculous.

"Well that's the thing about the public; most of them are complete idiots." He shook his head. "On what planet are you ugly, uninteresting, or a waste of anything?"

The heat of anger changed to a kind of shame. I didn't want him to think I was some weakling that stayed up at nights stressing over it. It hurt because duh, I'm human...but I was trying to not let their bullshit impact my identity or my relationship with Jacob. "You don't have to do that."

"Do what?"

I remembered my mother's sweet, slightly patronizing voice ringing in my ears after someone said something mean about my appearance when I was younger. "The whole, 'You are beautiful in your own way' thing."

"In your own way?" He repeated, his mouth creasing into a frown. "You're beautiful in every way."

I froze, my cup hovering inches from my lips. I didn't know what to say to that--or what to do with the feeling his words sent scattering over me. Either way, I had to make the lines clear as day.

"Just so we're on the same page-" I began.

"It's just an observation." He held up both hands in defense. "Please don't sic Jacob Whitmore on me."

I tossed my coffee stirrer at him with a laugh. "Jacob's about to be the least of your worries."

His own laughter tapered off and he gave me a strange look before he picked up his drink and polished it off. "I'd be lying if I said I understand it though."

"Understand what?"

"The female obsession with Jacob Whitmore."

I discreetly glanced to the right, then the left, then gestured for Cade to come close. I lowered my volume like I was about to share some top secret information. "Honestly? It's the dreamy blue eyes."

"And what about my eyes?" He said it playfully, but his face was mere inches from mine and I could tell he was asking me a serious question. His warm, minty breath washed over me, fanning the heat in my cheeks.

If I reared back it would seem like I had feelings that I didn't. That I couldn't. So I just sat there, practically nose to nose with him, trying to think of something witty to say. The problem was suddenly, I couldn't remember how to speak at all.

I looked into his evergreen eyes, as wild and untamed as some lush, exotic forest. Flashes of gold swirled in and out like some vibrant bird, beckoning me to come closer. To explore. If this was a movie, I knew exactly what would come next. An impassioned, powerful kiss and he would pull me on the table, his hands pulling off my clothes as his mouth made promises of the delights to come.

I slid back a fraction of an inch and gave him a noncommittal shrug. "They're alright."

He held my gaze for a minute more before he released me, leaning back in his seat. "Just alright, huh?"

"I mean, I can see why some women would be into it," I said, trying to maintain my indifference. "The intensity or whatever."

"But not you?"

"I have a boyfriend," I said pointedly. "So as a general rule, I don't go swooning over other guys."

Finally, he cracked a grin. "Fair enough, Leila. Fair enough." He lifted up his empty mug. "Want another?"

"Sure." I reached for my clutch but he stopped me, insisting that he pay for it. I went rigid, looking at his hand covering mine. He retreated almost instantly, already halfway to the counter by the time it registered that this was becoming more and more like a date.

Cade came back, balancing two mugs and a couple of pastries. "I went ahead and got that second shot for you," he began. "And I hope you like whipped-"

"Actually, I forgot that I had something to take care of in the office," I said, making sure I didn't make eye contact as I stood up, stumbling a little in my hustle. When he tried to steady me I recoiled from his touch. Now I couldn't help but look at him and I saw a mixture of confusion and hurt.

"Is something wrong?" he asked.

"No, I just have things to take care of." My voice sounded phony, pinched and too high, but I didn't have time to care. I just needed to get out of there, STAT. "Thank you so much for the coffee. Take care, Cade."

This was a mistake, I thought, barreling toward the door. A horrible, terrible mi-

BAM!

I ran into a man standing a few feet from the door. I opened my mouth to apologize but gasped instead when a camera fell from his jacket and clattered to the floor. Our eyes met and a sinister grin crept across his face.

"Just wait until the world finds out that Cinderella is cheating on her prince."

"Just wait until the world finds out that Cinderella is cheating on her prince."

