"You ready for this?"

I should have been the one asking him that because he didn't sound remotely ready for what was waiting on the other side of the door.

Jacob's usually authoritative voice was unsteady. Nervous. The man had taken on squirrely investors, paparazzi and Rachel Laraby like a Spartan charging into battle, but he paused at the entrance to The Vineyard. He paid no mind to the staff, perky and already springing to action as they pulled open the heavy oak doors to the restaurant. He looked beyond them warily, like he could already see his mother, smiling brightly as she secretly plotted some way to break his heart all over again.

To the outside world he was the picture of cool sophistication. His dark waves were tamed and pushed back, highlighting his good genes. There was no missing his signature, strong jaw, bright blue eyes and lips that would make any woman's cheeks redden as she thought up ways to put them to good use. His crisp, two-piece suit commanded attention and if it wasn't for the staff providing a buffer, the paparazzi were more than willing to oblige. Usually, he'd trade barbs since he knew most of them by name, but not today.

"If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying to chicken out," I said, my lips curling at the sides. Comic relief--that's what this situation needs.

He gave me a single look that would have reduced anyone else to a bumbling mess, but I didn't even blink until he dropped the hard ass routine and his mouth tilted into a smirk.

"Chicken out? No--there's just other things I'd like to do..."

I felt every single dot dot dot as blue eyes worked their way around the curves of my body before settling back on the weakening resolve in my eyes. I was pretty sure I knew where the conversation was headed. Other things he'd like to do...to me.

And I wouldn't put up a fight. We'd already spent most of the morning in some manner of undress and all it took from him was a single look, heck, a single word and I was quivering and wet.

He roped a hand around my waist and I didn't even have time to say a word before he gripped my ass.

The cameras went wild.

My face was already on fire but I didn't look up to nonverbally ask if he really wanted our picture of the day to be one where he was copping a feel; we were both nervous as hell about this meeting so I considered making another joke or stepping it up a notch and really giving them something to photograph, but my face fell when I saw his.

His expression was a raw, exposed nerve. One look into his sea-blue eyes and I learned it was much more than jittery nervousness. He was like a man about to walk to his execution.

Jacob's apprehension was understandable. It had only been a few days since Alicia pulled the stick from her ass and handed over his grandmother's ring. After awkwardly going our separate ways, we'd speculated how things would change. His money was on Alicia acting like nothing happened, stepping into our lives as if she hadn't been adamantly against our relationship. Mine was on her judging us from a distance. She was worthy of sainthood since she deigned to give up the ring, and now she would suffer in near silence until we learned our lessons.

Unfortunately, Jacob was right.

Not even twenty-four hours after the apology a barrage of texts, calls, and emails bombarded us both. It was like she was literally trying to make up for lost time. She was always apologetic, but after finally letting it go to voicemail it was obvious that she wasn't going anywhere. When she'd suggested meeting for lunch to talk about the wedding I said yes before Jacob could get a word out, mostly because I figured it would be an hour or so that I wasn't staring at my cell, waiting for it to light up with some new concept she wanted to share.

Now that we were here, I entertained thoughts of coming down with a spontaneous bug. Or maybe I could use the paparazzi; there was always one that went too far and made their subject snap. I could go all Bjork on their ass and then lunch with Mommy Dearest would definitely be canceled.

The owner of The Vineyard hustled out, dressed in a two piece suit of her own with stars in her eyes--and she drew a good number of eyes to the front entrance.

There'd be no backing out now.

"Mr. Whitmore," she gushed, her teeth as blaring white as the platinum blond hair pulled into a high bun on her head. "It's truly a pleasure." She shook his hand, lingering, like she was trying to savor the contact. She remembered herself and glanced at me with embarrassment setting fire to her cheeks. When she held out her hand, her face apologetic and slightly worried I'd be pissed, I shook hers with a smile. In the past it might have made me roll my eyes or bring my defenses up as I moved closer and marked my territory, but I felt no need. He put a ring on it and I knew when Jacob made a commitment, he meant it. Besides, we'd survived too much for me to act the fool just because some random woman had a crush.

"Mrs. Whitmore is already inside," the owner said, back in business mode. "If you need anything at all, please don't hesitate to ask. My staff and I are at your disposal."

Jacob gave her a crisp nod and looked down at me, slipping the mask of armor back on. "Shall we?"

Stepping inside of The Vineyard made my heart swell in my chest. The rich colors, the walls lined with wine bottles, the rustic furnishings--everything about it took me back to Venice. I didn't miss the parallels: Venice was me and Jacob's beginning. Alicia was trying to make this our new beginning.

Our host guided us to our table and I took a deep breath as Alicia saw us and rose to her feet. An older woman was beside her, plunking out a final word on her iPhone before she gave us a quick smile and her face went serious. Alicia was gushing like she hadn't seen us in months. I shook Alicia's hand and watched as the Awkward O-Meter ticked up to 'run and hide' as she moved to hug Jacob and he took a step backward, giving her a look that made me shiver.

Surely she didn't expect that to go over well, but the crestfallen look that flashed across her face said otherwise.

Never one to stay down, Alicia recovered from the slight like a pro, turning back to the silver haired woman. "I'm so glad you two agreed to come." She began the introductions. "This is Macy Scott. She's the best wedding planner in the city."

"Oh Alicia," Macy said with a haughty chuckle. "You're exaggerating just a smidge." From the smile she had slathered on her lips at the compliment, she was loving the praise--and believed every word. "Best in the city? That may be a little bit much."

"You orchestrated Mika Sanchez' last minute nuptials to that Saudi prince, made Oz Claiborne's sixth wedding look like a storybook romance instead of a lecherous old man's end-of-life crisis and even I was impressed when you turned Liza Jackman's rehab romance into a goth's wet dream. She talks about you like you're the second coming of Christ," Jacob paused, cool eyes locked on her. "I think you know exactly how good you are."

The three of us women just gawked at Jacob. He had the strong, silent thing down pat five seconds ago and now he was striping away the BS before we even sat down.

He pulled out my chair and waited for me to sit before easing into the seat beside me. His mother still had this gray eyed, deer in headlights thing going. Macy was just as stunned.

"What?" Jacob shrugged. "I do my research as I'm sure you've done your own."

Alicia sat down without a word, polishing off the rest of her wine like she knew we were in for a bumpy ride. But Macy--there was something different when the initial shock faded. Her eyes brightened, her whole demeanor going from professional with a hint of 'meh' to downright interested. "You read up on me, huh?"

Jacob took a long swig of his water before answering. "I know as much about you as you know about me. Surface information easily garnered from a google search."

He said it easily. Coolly if you really knew him and could see past the almost bored way he skimmed the menu. He was Jacob Whitmore, head of Whitmore and Creighton, one of the most prestigious PR firms in the world. Google was for amateurs and we were the big leagues. If he wanted, he could have had a dossier filled with everything from her first kiss to the date and location of her first heartbreak. Research was our thing, knowing every minuscule piece that made a person who they are so we could find a way to make them better. Saying he Googled her proved how little he thought of this whole thing. One word and he'd just given her the ultimate diss.

"I've done my research too," the planner said smoothly. "I know that you've had relationships with models, actresses and other personal assistants, but none of them compared to her." She sat up a little taller. "You weren't expecting her. In fact, you fought it and kept her at arm's length."

I felt the gasp ripple in my throat and pressed my lips together to keep it inside. At arm's length--she was talking about the contract! Words and phrases and liability--all ways to regulate and control his emotions. To control me. Good thing I didn't let the gasp go because Macy wasn't done, turning to face me.

"You loved Jacob the moment you saw him."

My lips weren't pressed together anymore because my jaw was on the table. I couldn't believe that her clear, far-from-soft voice was carrying our conversation to several tables around us and now I was in her sights.

"I'm sure you didn't know it was love at the time since every woman with a pulse lusts after Jacob Whitmore." She glanced at him, not missing a bit. "No offense." She didn't wait for his reply before returning her attention to me. "But I think you knew there was something different about him. About the two of you together. I know what the media's calling it, 'A Real Cinderella Story' and 'The Billionaire and His Secretary'." She dismissed that with a scoff. "It's unimaginative and cliche and now that I've seen you two together, I know there's nothing cliche about the way you look at each other."

Jacob and I exchanged a look and for a few seconds, we were the only two people in the room.

"Like that," she said with a toothy grin that blinded me. "Real. Passion. Sex. Love that leaves you breathless." She smoothed her hair back away from her face. "I don't know what other wedding planners would do with your story, but I know that I could take that--" She held her hands out and framed us, "--and make it shine through. I could get people to look past the glitz and glamour and see the thing that's uniquely you."

Alicia could barely sit still. "Tell us more about your vision for the ceremony for my son and daughter-in-law. I know you have something amazing in mind."

Hearing my in-law call me 'daughter' for the first time and mean it should have been a moment, but it just made me feel...queasy. She was really laying it on and it made my stomach twist and knot because I still wasn't sure if this was all real or just a part of a larger plan. I tried to push it aside, at least long enough to hear what Macy had planned for us.

"Nothing gaudy and over the top," Macy continued. "You're marrying a billionaire so people are expecting horse drawn carriages and a guest list that stretches as long as the train of your elaborate wedding gown. So I was thinking something small and intimate would be the way to go."

And just like that, I'd found our wedding planner.

The excitement that colored Alicia's face a few minutes ago devolved into confusion. "Small and...intimate?"

Macy nodded. "I think that would really capture the essence--"

"We'll be in touch, Macy." Alicia sliced in, shutting her down.

I opened my mouth to tell her to wait, but Macy didn't linger. Alicia offered to pay for her drink, but she whipped out a twenty and dropped it on the table before she strut toward the exit. Another point in her favor. She knew she was good and didn't have to beg for our business, despite the groom's net worth.

"Don't worry," Alicia said, the borderline scary chipper voice clearing out me and Jacob's surprise and replacing it with uneasiness. "We'll find someone that can give you two the wedding you deserve.

I hoped Jacob would speak up and state the obvious--that what she really meant was the dream wedding SHE wanted for us, but he said nothing, reading his menu in silence. I followed suit, but committed Macy Scott's name to memory.

****

Megan walked in, her eyes gulping up every inch of the apartment. "I don't think you can call anything occurring in this place a 'sleepover'. I think that word should be reserved for modest, itty bitty kinda places where mere mortals live. This--" She gestured around us before twisting her long, fiery strands nervously. "This is breathtaking."

"You act like you haven't seen it already!" I laughed, holding out my hand for her overnight bag. "It's just four walls, Meg."

Her green eyes glimmered as she shook her head in disagreement. "I wondered when this would happen."

Pangs of worry pricked my arms and the back of my neck when I took in her worried expression. "When what would happen?"

"When you'd be so jaded by all of this that you're all, 'It's no biggie!'." She leaned in, dropping her volume to a whisper. "Let me let you in on a little secret. This isn't just four walls. This is like, MTV Cribs before it sucked. This is call up every interior design magazine ever so you can get your brag on." She gasped and covered her mouth in horror. "This is just step one. The next is upgrading your friend circles to socialites and celebrities."

I yanked the strap from her hand, shaking my head. "Don't worry, I'd keep you around for laughs."

"Like your court jester." She swept the air with her arm twice in a gesture that reminded me of our Tudors marathon last summer. Naturally, she punctuated it by bending at the waist, bowing low. "Your Majesty."

I ignored her, moving to the living room where I deposited her bag beside the sofa. "Keep it up and I'm gonna start regretting inviting you over here to keep me company while Jacob's in London."

"I'm a lot more fun than whatever trashy reality TV show you would have thrown on.

She knew me too well.

When Jacob left at the last minute to handle business in England, I'd already mentally recounted what I had recorded on the DVR. When I realized it wouldn't have been more than background noise while my eyes were glued on Macy's website, regretting not standing up to Alicia, I decided I needed to call in reinforcements. At least with Megan I could vent instead of staring at the little 'Message Me' button until my eyes bled.

She joined me in the living room, gesturing at the white sofa. "Can I sit or will I ruin it?" When I glared at her she laughed, "I'm just saying, I don't want to mess up your feng shui or whatever."

"Megan..." I warned with a groan.

She dropped down without another word and her face went serious. "Alright. So what's going on?"

I'd already told her about Alicia's change of heart (or change of strategy), but I hand't talked to her since the woman started wearing out my cell number.

I dropped into the oversized armchair, repositioning my head band and rolling up the sleeves of my denim shirt. "Jacob's mom is driving me insane."

"I think that's what mother-in-laws are supposed to do," she offered unhelpfully. She must have picked up on my annoyance because she tried a different route. "Remember when you were trying to play nice? I thought this was what you wanted. Alicia to be friendly and be in you and Jacob's life."

She was right. In the beginning, I wanted to bridge the distance between Alicia and Jacob. Despite my reservations, I thought that having her in his life was what Jacob needed.

And then I got to know her...and I realized the healthiest thing for Jacob and everyone involved was distance. The optimist in me wanted to believe that she genuinely wanted to start over and be the mom Jacob deserved from the start, but I couldn't quiet the reality of what she'd done. The blank check. The hurtful comments about me. About Jacob. All but telling Jacob damn his feelings and needs--he'd have to pry the ring from her cold, dead fingers.

"I thought I did," I said honestly. "Thinking back, I was so naive. I saw that letter and she seemed so nice. I figured it was all Rachel, but I had no idea she was--" I stopped, not finishing.

"Bat shit insane?" Megan offered. "You know, maybe that's why she and Rachel got all buddy-buddy. They both have a screw or ten loose."

I slumped backward with a sigh. I never thought I'd say I'd rather talk about Rachel Laraby than the topic at hand. Her name would come up dead last, hands down. But Jacob's mom gave her some competition.

I sat back up hesitantly, meeting Meg's patient gaze.

"She's been calling, texting, emailing, hell, I bet she'd even send smoke signals if she could. I mean, you know how hardcore my mom can get if she doesn't hear from me every few days."

"Oh yes," Megan answered with an understandable shudder.

During my second year in college we had a falling out and I stopped answering my phone. Most parents would take that as a pretty good indicator that space was needed. Not my mother--she came out to campus, demanding to know my schedule and gain access to my dorm. According to the staff member who had the misfortune of dealing with her, she'd even demanded I be brought from class to the administrative building like a child being called to the principals office. They sent her away because my school recognized a fact that seemed to fly over Mom's head--that I was an adult--and I'm sure they didn't want to get involved in a private matter. If that whole thing wasn't embarrassing enough, one of the student's working in the office put my mom's craziness on her Facebook wall.

Eventually, Mom and I made up, but I'd never forgotten the embarrassment and shame that she'd actually come to my school and made a scene.

"So take my mom's brand of...persistence," I said after an unpleasant trip down Memory Lane. "And multiply that by ten."

Megan's green eyes rounded. "Holy crap."

"Yep," I said with a bitter laugh. "Jacob said she was absent most of his life and instead of moderation, she jumped to the other side of the spectrum. It got so bad that I actually considered changing my phone number."

"Yikes," she said sympathetically. "So she's been apologizing like crazy, huh?"

"Nope." Which was ironic, because she had a LOT to be sorry for. But other than the apology she'd given in the coffee shop, she hadn't uttered another 'I'm sorry'. "She seems more intent on making sure Jacob and I have the wedding of her dreams."

"Um..." She held onto the 'mmm', voice filled with all the suspicion that rang in my head from the very first call. "Maybe she should work on rebuilding the bridge before she blazes over it?"

"You'd think, huh? I don't know how many times I told her Jacob and I hadn't even discussed what our dream wedding would look like and how she completely ignored that 'tiny hiccup'."

Our eyes met and the unspoken question was plain as day, hitting me like a blow to the chest: Why hadn't we talked about our wedding?

"We've both been so busy. I mean, we're not purposefully not talking about it. And he's going to be out of town until he gets a handle on the merger and--" I took a breath, realizing I was babbling. My hands were clammy and I was nervous as hell, trying to explain why my fiance and I neglected to have a very important conversation.

"Everything good with you and Jacob?" Megan asked cautiously.

"Good? Everything's great!" I answered quickly. I immediately realized I was a little too eager and leaned back, steadying my nerves. "Our intimacy level is through the roof. We even--" I decided against telling her what we'd done on the very cushion she was sitting on, but the way she made a face and jumped to her feet meant she could put two and two together.

"Eww, really?!" She shot me a look before she started pacing back and forth. "Anyway...you're good in the bedroom, but how about emotionally?"

"Emotionally?" I recalled his confession about his suicidal moment. HIs mother's frequent suicidal moments. Together, we'd stripped down the layers until I knew everything about who he was and he knew..."Oh my god."

Megan stopped pacing. "What?"

"He opened up to me, but I--I've never opened up to him. Sexually, sure. But never about my past. Or about the wedding."

"Why?"

I shrugged, not sure of the answer. "I guess my life is pretty unimpressive."

"That's a cop-out and you know it," she tsked. "I get that Jacob is going through a lot and had some really horrible things happen when he was a child, but it doesn't make your story any less important."

"Yeah, but--"

"Are you his therapist or his fiance?"

"His fiance," I answered curtly.

She went back to the chair, hovering a few inches before saying the hell with it and sitting down. "Love is more than one person pouring out their soul and the other carrying the weight of it. It's give and take--or else you wake up one day and realize you're with someone that doesn't really know you, but you know everything about him."

I bit my lip to stop the retort that rose in my throat. What do you know about it? Megan knew too much. Her ex, Brad, had the whole tortured thing down to an art. Megan told me his father liked to get completely plastered and beat the living crap out of his wife and when he got bored, Brad and his sister were next in line. Not to diminish his story; it was a terrible thing that happened to him. No child should ever endure a parent, anyone, harming them, but Megan took on the pain. Whenever Brad berated her or cheated or did something douche-ish it was always back to his childhood. She supported him, but she had no voice in the relationship. Whenever she demanded more of him and tried to explain how she had pain of her own, he'd one up her by reminding her of something horrible his father did to him. She completely lost her voice, lost herself in him.

Was I losing myself in Jacob?

"We'll figure it out together when he comes back. We'll sit down and I'll tell him that I want something small. That I want to work with Macy."

She didn't seem too convinced. "Why do you think you haven't talked about it? Why didn't you speak up when Macy left?"

"Well, we've been busy," I reiterated, unable to stop the defensive streak from lashing out when I spoke. "And as far as the wedding, as long as Jacob's there, I'm good."

"Well, duh," she said with an eye roll. "But that's not really what I mean. Even if you didn't want to start something in the restaurant, why didn't you bring it up to Jacob after?"

"I don't know," I said stubbornly. Lying. I knew exactly why I didn't say anything. It was the exact same reason I closed my laptop or clicked the tab closed whenever Jacob turned his attention to me.

"If you want me to drop it, I'll drop it," she said quietly, sitting back and looking away. She was trying to give me space and I loved her for it, but didn't want or need it. The shades were already pulled open, there was no pulling them back closed.

"No way does Jacob Whitmore get married on a beach with a ukulele or any of that. He's supposed to do the big, wedding of the century thing with a sea of people he barely knows, flowers, something that cost more than the average person makes in a year. And with the life I'll be leading--"

"You can't have it both ways, Lay," she cut in softly. "You can't say the money won't change you and then tell me you're sacrificing your dreams for his like a perfect Upper East side wife." She leaned in. "Are you really trying to tell me that you don't think he'd be receptive?"

"It's not that." Be honest. "It's a little that. I guess I'm more worried that he won't care at all." I looked at her and said the thing I didn't at lunch with Jacob and his mother. "I don't want a big wedding. I want something small that focuses on me and Jacob and our future."

"So that's what you say to him," she said simply. She rubbed her hands together. "I think my work here is done so we can commence the watch-age of whatever overly dramatic show you want to subject me to."

"Not so fast," I said, remembering some questions I wanted to ask her. The last few pictures in the tabloids of Cade included a woman with red hair and a build identical to Megan's. "When are we going to talk about you and Cade?"

She reached for the remote and pressed power. "There is no me and Cade."

"Right," I said skeptically. "Why is it a huge secret? Why can we talk about me and Jacob and his crazy mother but Cade is off limits?"

She looked at me, something indiscernible flashing in her eyes before she turned back to the TV screen. "I...I'm not ready, Leila. Please respect that."

I dropped it. For now.

****

"What are you wearing?"

I pulled the phone from my ear then brought it back with a laugh. "I know you're not being serious."

Even though I was the only person on the floor since Natasha was out sick, I cast a nervous look at the door. The silence that followed my statement told me that he was dead serious--and the heat that flooded me crashed into my nerves until there was nothing to hold onto but desire.

"So how's London?" I asked quickly, trying to move the conversation to G-rated territory.

"Wet," he answered glumly. "Relatively uneventful since I've spent the past two days on the phone or in meetings."

"I'm sorry," I offered, turning to the window and looking at the bright blue sky. After a few weeks of triple digit weather it was actually pretty nice outside. Perfect for a nice stroll in the park.

Or a spanking on the patio, I thought mischievously. I turned back to the front, banishing the delicious images and sensations that came with a vengeance. My body revolted against my attempts to keep things professional. It took me back to the spanking bench, feeling the leather against my heated skin, the fear colliding with anticipation for the first strike. Knowing the apprehensive, straight and narrow girl that walked into Whitmore and Creighton all those months ago was a stranger and in her place was someone adventurous.

And touching yourself with him on the other end of the phone is another adventure...

"Don't pity me too much," he said, bringing me from the ledge. "This is the part I love. Meetings. Debating. Winning."

I could almost make out the yummy smile that curved his lips. Personally, I knew if I were in London and I spent most of the time handling business I wouldn't be a happy camper.

The Tower of London, Buckingham Palace...I wouldn't mind the lines or the dreary weather if it meant I'd get to experience the culture of the city. But where sightseeing made me salivate, Jacob lived for the boardrooms and nitty gritty that made Whitmore and Creighton a powerhouse.

"How are things at the office?" he asked.

"Same ole," I shrugged, swiveling my chair from the left to the right. "Your calendar's been updated to accommodate the London trip for almost 48 hours now but I'm still getting a steady stream of calls for you." I eyed the list in front of me, ranging from board members to prospective clients who hoped personal appeals would give them an advantage over those who used their assistants to query for representation.

Tucked in between calls rom celebutantes and squirrely investors was a thread dedicated to Alicia alone. After call one I told her that Jacob was unavailable and was utterly swamped...and it was a waste of breath. Every call started out with an apology about Macy and spilled into a list of other reputable planners and businesses that could make all my dreams come true. Every call I was quiet instead of telling her it wasn't my dreams because the only one that got ME was the very woman she fired.

Since she wasn't actively trying to end me and Jacob, I didn't want to rock the boat but that left me fielding calls from a woman that had a new project: turning my wedding into an event talked about for years to come. I didn't have the guts to tell her I didn't need a legion of planners, florists, and staff to make my day special. The only thing I needed was Jacob.

But I hadn't talked to him either. As much crap as I gave Megan, her words got through. We needed to talk about what he wanted. What I wanted.

Well at the moment, I need something to distract me from being so horny that I'm actually entertaining the idea of phone sex.

"You're really quiet," he observed, his deep voice taking on the concerned edge that made me want to spill my heart and soul to him.

But I drug my feet, fidgeting in my chair and suddenly not feeling chatty at all. He'd barely blinked at lunch after his mother said she was trying. That she wanted this to be their fresh start. if I told him a huge, lavish thing was pretty much my nightmare, I knew he'd hear me and tell his mom to back off and I didn't want to cause any friction between them. And the important thing was Jacob, right? Loads of brides hand over the guest list to their parents and focus on things like the dress and the cake and the bridesmaids.

Either way, I needed to say something if I didn't want him to know how stressed I really was about this whole thing.

"I'm just thinking about wedding stuff."

"So my mother's been harassing you, then?"

Ding ding ding. "She's just..." Too much? Completely nuts? "Really excited." I opened my mouth, the truth lingering on my tongue. I could even give him the watered down version. 'It sounds nice, but I think we should consider doing something smaller.' or 'What do you think about doing something a little more low-key?'.

"You know, I'm at the point where I'm just gonna let her have at it." Just when I was ready to hurl the phone across the room he finished with, "As long as I get to call you my wife at the end of all of this, the how's aren't important. We're important."

Great. He was simultaneously uber sweet and contradictory without meaning to be. I'd never get tired of hearing his excitement about making me his wife, but the reason I was gritting my teeth and gripping my phone tight was because I felt like we wouldn't be represented in the ceremony. All the right people behind the scenes, all the right names on the guest list. A ceremony worthy of the Whitmore name. It was so far removed from the essence of me and Jacob that you could just copy and paste another society couple into our places and none would be the wiser.

It's not like it would suck. Nothing less than fantastic would get that woman's stamp of approval. And even though Jacob would rather chop off his arm than admit it, I knew there were pieces of him that wanted a connection to his mother. To try and grow and move past the things that happened in hopes that the future was their chance to get it right.

I released my choke hold on my lip, tucking away the tiny voice that whispered 'What about me?' and listened instead to how much I missed him.

"Have a date yet for when you're coming home?"

"We're getting close," he answered. "Two more days if I had to guess." There was a shuffle, and my body warmed as I imagined him rearranging in the bed. Muscles rippling, golden lines of his chest roping me in and making my temperature rise despite the frosty air flowing from the vent a few feet away.

"You miss me?" I said, my voice breathy. Hot.

"More than I can say." His voice was just as thick, burning with a need that made me tremble.

Thick with sleep! The part of me that knew how dangerously close I was to sliding the hand on my thigh a little closer to the hem of my skirt, under it, was trying desperately to hold onto the illusion that this conversation wouldn't end up where we both knew it was headed. Even with all the wedding drama, I could feel my body drawn to him like he was in the room and not millions of miles away.

And it's not like you've followed that whole 'professionalism' rule, the inner desire whispered. I didn't want to fight. I wanted to hear what he wanted to do to me. How badly he needed me.

"What are you wearing, Leila?"

I swallowed hard, every syllable of the question rippling over me. I was gonna do this, but no way would I not lock the door. With my luck the mail clerk would decide to deliver the mail right when I was in the throes, moaning wildly; too wild to explain away.

"I'm just gonna lock--"

"Don't you dare," he growled. I froze like he was towering above me, blue eyes glaring me into submission.

Truth was I could slip over and lock it and he wouldn't be the wiser, but I rooted myself in place, letting out a, 'yes sir'.

"I don't need to repeat myself, do I Leila?"

I frowned, my cheeks flaring. I answered his question. "I--" Oh. The first question. I glanced down quickly, suddenly forgetting. My brain was a fuzzy mess, everything hazy except the steady throb between my thighs. I fingered a button on my blouse. "I'm wearing a black button down blouse--"

"The sheer one?"

My mouth curved upward, pleased he noticed enough to commit it to memory. "Yes."

There was a pause and I swore I heard him moving. Pulling up into a seated position because I had his attention.

"I know you look beautiful," he said, his deep voice sure, like he was stating fact, like how 1+1 equals two or the earth revolved around the sun. "What else?"

"A charcoal gray skirt," I spread my fingers down the front of it. "It stops at my knees when I stand up."

"And now?"

I felt the heat spread, not leaving a single inch of me untouched. "Right now it's mid thigh."

He let out a rumbling sound that came from the back of his throat and shot to my groin, making me clench. I knew my panties were going to be a sticky mess by the time this was all said and done and I didn't even care.

"And beneath?"

I pushed my chair back a few inches, spreading my thighs. "A black bra and a black thong."

"If I were there--"

"If you were here, I'd drop to my knees and suck you until you exploded in my mouth." It came out as a single word and I cradled the phone between my shoulder and ear, squeezing my eyes shut. Jesus...it was like it had been a lifetime since he touched me. It had only been two days, but even that seemed too long. Too much to bear.

"I'm sorry," I blurted, knowing that I'd interrupted him. What devastatingly sexy thing would he leave unsaid to discipline me?

"Don't apologize," he said smoothly. "You'd get no complaints from me. I'd love to feel your mouth on me. Your hot little tongue sliding up and down the hardened length."

My heart jumped in my chest when I closed my eyes as he let out a deep groan. Was he touching himself? Imagining my lips around his thick shaft? I was dying to touch myself, to sink my fingers inside.

"Jacob," I whispered hoarsely.

"Not yet," he said, a hint of amusement in his voice. So he was punishing me. Suddenly two words were more harsh than any spanking he'd dealt. "I still have to tell you what I'm going to do to you."

I squirmed, knowing that would do nothing for the ache, but loving it. Nothing was as sweet as giving him control. Nothing was more sexy than submitting.

"I wouldn't come," he continued. "Not yet anyway. I'd pull you to your feet by those wild curls and bend you over the edge of the desk."

I gripped my knee, feeling the desire leak from me. A spanking. God yes.

"I know what you're expecting. My hand to turn you red. But not today, love. Today, I want to touch you. Finger f**k you." He paused and I could hear how labored his breathing was. "Would you like that? Me plunging my fingers in and out of you?"

"Y-yes."

"Touch yourself, Leila."

If my skirt gave me any trouble I'd already decided to grab the scissors in my cup and cut myself free. Luckily, my hand slipped under the material easily, fingertips straining until I brushed the crotch of my panties. I pulled them to the side and sunk two hands in and a long, desperate moan poured out of my mouth.

"How wet are you?" He asked, his voice tight.

"Sopping," I eked out, feeling my delicate folds quiver as I went deeper.

"Don't stop," he ordered thickly. "I wouldn't--not before I got to feel how hot and wet you are with my cock."

"Oh Jacob," I sighed in between moans. In between thrusts. My legs were splayed open but that wasn't enough. I threw my leg up on my desk, pen cup, folders flying.

"You know what you do to me?" he said, his voice no longer controlled but unhinged. Wild. "I need you. No one else. No one else...don't stop, Leila. Not until you come."

I was rolling my hips, thrusting the air wildly. When I used my other hand to touch that knot of nerves, the swollen button that would set me free, I knew I was close. But I didn't want to go there alone. I needed him too.

"Come with me," I begged, hoping for an answer soon because my whole body was alive, nerves tingling with the electric current that shorted everything but the two of us. Everything except this pleasure.

"I'm close," he said brusquely. "Are you ready?"

I squeezed my eyes shut, my body tilting precariously on the edge. "Yes...I...I..."

"Come."

The pressure was unbearable.

Beautiful.

Agony.

Release.

I knew I was groaning, crying out for him. Jacob. And he said my name, pulling together the pieces of me. Making me whole again.

"Fuck a few days," he said with a rumbling laugh. "I'm taking no prisoners." His voice deepened, making me grin because I knew what it meant. "Get some rest."

He didn't need to say more than that. When he got home, he was going to blow my freaking mind.

I grinned, pushing aside the whispers about the w edding. Bring it on.

****

"I guess this means I'm out of the dog house."

I rolled my eyes so hard they practically rolled out of my head. It would have just made things worse if Mom would have seen it, but she was preoccupied with trying to figure out how to sit her seat up.

At least I could roll my eyes in peace. I had a feeling peace, calm and lack of drama would be non existent for the next few hours.

"You feel the lever on the side? Pull it up to bring the chair up and push it down to recline."

"Well I'm certainly not going to recline," she huffed. "If I recline anymore I'll be horizontal."

I watched as she brought the seat to an awkward ninety degree angle before I put the car in drive. I was trying to keep my eyes on the road, but she kept fidgeting and squirming in her seat.

"Everything alright, Mom?"

"It's just the leather is so stiff." When I gave her a wary look, she tacked on, "Not that it's not a beautiful car, honey. I'm just not used to all these frills."

You'd think we were riding in a Bentley instead of a '13 Hyundai Sonata. I knew she was just being herself, ornery with a smile, but I couldn't help but take offense. This was the first car that ever had my name on it. I put down the hefty downpayment myself and signed the dotted line and upgraded from my rust bucket to something shiny. And mine. I felt so empowered. Proud.

When I came over and presented it with a flourish, she took every ounce of air from my sails by asking if it was a gift from Jacob.When I told her I bought it with my salary she gave me this pointed look that all but said that wasn't that different. And then there was her lackluster 'Awww' when she saw the ring. I was totally unprepared for it since she'd hounded Jacob, trying to figure out why I didn't have a ring.

I'd been looking forward to seeing her, sharing that OMG moment, but now I felt guilty because I was regretting this dinner already and we hadn't even made it to the restaurant. There was something else that was bugging me. Mom was a talker. There was no such thing as silence when she was in the vicinity. She'd complain about the dogs or the news or something, letting me off the hook from trying to actually have a conversation.

She was notably quiet, looking out the window like I did as a kid when I was trying to illustrate just how mad I was after an argument.

"What's wrong?"

She faced me, eyes wide and innocent. "Everything's fine, Leila. Perfect even--I get to go out with my daughter and celebrate her engagement in her brand new car."

Both of those occasions should have been things to be happy about and I almost believed she was okay until she flashed me the fakest smile I'd ever seen on her face. If I wasn't barreling down the freeway, I would have slammed on my brakes.

My mother was a lot of things. She was loud, brash, tactless, giving, and overly excitable. She'd never met a stranger and was fiercely loyal to her family and friends. She was a little celebrity crazy, but who wasn't these days? Entire careers were built on the public's voracious need to know everything about the rich and famous.

But she didn't have a phony bone in her body and when I looked at the curve of her lips, I knew immediately that she wasn't being honest with me.

I had a couple of options. I could drop it, like she obviously wanted me to, or I could find out what was going on. I stared out at the highway, cars rocketing past us as I weighed out each one. The first meant we could pretend together; turn up the radio and let the music fill the silence until the conversation was kickstarted and we were too busy catching up to remember the lie that started it all. Option two was sure to annoy her which would in turn annoy me and this Mother/Daughter thing would be officially a bust.

I tapped my fingers on the steering wheel, deciding on the easy route. I was getting entirely too good at going with the flow. Fear of rocking the boat was throwing me overboard. Drowning me.

I pressed the volume up button and some upbeat pop song flowed from the speakers. Mom sung a few bars and I had no choice but to smile. She was always talking about my voice, how I could have made it as a singer if I wanted, but I knew I was just ordinary. I could carry a tune and stay on key, but her voice MOVED you. It was deep and full and powerful and at the same time, you could hear the vulnerability and rawness in every note. Only Mom could turn a Kesha song into something deep.

She stopped, noticing that I was watching her. "You better keep your eyes on the road." She was blushing. Blushing. She was far too confident to be so red, especially around me.

I switched over to the right lane, putting the car in coast so she couldn't use speed or speeding cars as an excuse. "What's going on, Mom?"

She rolled her eyes. "I've already told you I'm fine."

"Something's going on with you." When she made a face and repositioned in her seat, I let out a sigh. "Is this about the car?"

She dropped a sigh of her own. "I wish you'd let your dad go along with you to make sure you got a good deal, but I know you're an adult. To answer my question, she finished, "This isn't about the car." When I opened my mouth to say 'Aha!', she added, "And there is no 'this'. Because nothing's going on!"

"You're mad or bothered by something."

"Well, if you keep insisting that I'm mad, I probably will be!"

I took the exit for downtown, but I wasn't going to just drop this. We never talked or saw each other now that I was working full time and living in the city. As crazy as she made me at times, I loved her. We'd gone through so much, but I wanted to be at a place where we could at least talk to each other. I needed that connection.

We came up to a light and I looked over at her. "Please, Mom."

She looked genuinely uncomfortable and when she met my gaze, there was no pretending that she wasn't bugging out about something. "It's not nearly as big a deal as you're making it." Her voice sharpened. "Or at least it's not a big deal to you."

I was happy the charade was over and annoyed because we were already arguing and we hadn't even been together for 15 minutes. Of course it was my fault.

The guy behind us laid on his horn and if she wasn't in the car, I would have flipped him off. Instead, I gritted my teeth and put the car in motion. "Just tell me what's going on."

"You know I keep up with the news." She didn't mean world events. She hated how depressing the news was, filled with up to the second stories about crime and politics. She preferred light, entertainment news. Gossip.

I still wasn't sure what the news had to do with her weird behavior. "Okay...?" I glanced at her quickly before returning my attention to the road. "Is this about me and Jacob?"

"Yes," she said tersely.

I was even more confused. All of the recent pictures of me and Jacob were happy ones. Hand in hand, lovey dovey, perfectly boring shots of our day-to-day life.

The heated glare she followed up with nearly made me swerve into another lane. She was freaking pissed.

"So you know exactly what is wrong with me. What hurt me."

I shook my head no. "I honestly don't, Mom."

"I only have one child, Leila," she bit off.

"I know--" I started, but she didn't let me get anything else in.

"And you know how excited I am about you and Jacob getting married," she continued. "So imagine my surprise when I read that Alicia Whitmore was quoted saying how happy she was that you and Jacob are letting her handle the planning process."

I literally swerved and the car in the next lane slammed on their brakes, the driver honking angrily.

"She said what?" Mom repeated it and I nearly ripped the wheel from the column, imagining doing un-daughterly things--like wringing Alicia's neck. "Mom, that's news to me."

She wasn't buying it. "So that wasn't you and Jacob meeting his mom and a wedding planner for lunch last week?"

I faltered. "We did, but that was more a courtesy than anything else."

"I'm your mother, Leila. Don't you think I deserve the courtesy of being a part of your big day?" Her words were angry, but I heard the tears coating each one. I slowed and pulled into a parking garage. We were still a good ten minute drive form the restaurant, but no way would I get us there in one piece if she started crying. Just looking at how hurt she was made tears burn my eyes.

I put the car in park, trying to get myself together before I looked at her. No amount of deep breaths or silent mantras prepared me for the strong hurt all over her face.

"Mom," I squeaked, anguish throttling me. "I swear it's not like that. It was just supposed to be me, Jacob and Alicia. She sprung the planner on us." When she didn't look convinced I told her the whole truth. "We wanted nothing to do with her until a few weeks ago. She's been against our relationship, but she apologized and she's been trying to start over. The thing is, her version of 'I'm sorry' includes taking over." I fell back against the seat. "Jacob and I haven't even talked about what we want for our big day. Nothing has been decided."

Her voice was unsure and barely above a whisper. "So you wouldn't plan anything and keep me out?"

I unbuckled my seat belt and threw my arms around her. Sure, it was awkward and surprise kept her from hugging me back right away, but once she took me in, stroking my back like she did when I was little, everything was forgotten. Despite our faults and issues, she was my mom and I was her daughter.

I moved back, sniffling as she wiped her eyes with her hands. "I know we've been at odds since you came back from Venice, so I just thought..."

It was pretty obvious what she thought and not nearly as ludicrous as it should have been. We had been kinda...distant. It started with her unauthorized press conference at the house, was exacerbated by the whole Cade thing when she met Jacob, and it reached a fever pitch at the engagement dinner. It hadn't even crossed my mind to ask for her input about the wedding. On one hand I thought that was because I was still trying to figure out a way to talk to Jacob about it, but that was just an excuse. I didn't call and ask for her input because I was still a little miffed about where we stood.

I finger combed my curls away from my face, looking down. "I guess I haven't completely forgiven you for all the things that have happened." I winced, expecting her to rip me a new one and tell me to get over it, but she just gave me a nod.

"And you shouldn't, until you're ready." She was rolling her shoulders back, stepping back into her take-charge persona. "I should respect you. I should have respected you all along and we might have been going dress shopping today instead of crying in a parking garage."

I cracked a smile. "Jacob and I should probably decide what kind of wedding we want before we do any dress shopping."

She quirked an eyebrow. "You haven't talked about your wedding?"

"Nope," I confirmed, twitching a shoulder. "He knows about my dream thing thanks to Meg, but I don't know about his or what he wants."

"Still want to do something small and beach-y?" she winked.

My cheeks heated. The only thing that kept me from dying on the spot when Megan revealed my dream wedding was the fact that the only proof ended with her. I'd have to clear that stuff out of my desk the next time I was at the house.

"I'm not worried about the beach part. The small part is what's important to me."

"I'm sure Jacob would be understanding," she said reassuringly. "You should have heard the conversation your father and I had.

--I want to do it at a church. Something big and dramatic.

--Okay.

End of story," she finished with a chuckle.

I smiled weakly. Besides the fact that my dad usually gave into my mom about most things, it wasn't that surprising that he just went along with it. But I didn't want Jacob to shrug and just say whatever I say goes. I wanted him to want to do something special. Something romantic that we could both look back on years later and remember how special it was. Uniquely us. Something we could build forever on.

Mom cocked her head, her expression soft as she studied me. "You want him to be involved."

I nodded.

"And you want his mother to be un-involved."

"Well, maybe not completely..." That was a bald-faced lie. I cleared my throat and tried honesty on for size. "Yes. I don't want her involved."

She settled in her seat. "And I'm guessing you're nervous about having that conversation with Jacob?"

I nodded a second time.

She let out a 'hmmm', nodding slowly. "Having uncomfortable conversations is part of being in a successful relationship. Especially if it's regarding something like this that you can't take back. I'm assuming you just wanna do this once," she said with a hint of teasing in her voice.

There was more to this than she knew. Like the reasons we fell out with Alicia. Why I still didn't want her to be a part of the planning process, even after her apology. I had a feeling Mom wasn't her biggest fan already and that would just fuel the fire, so I kept her in the dark and managed a, 'You're right'.

I could tell she felt better after getting the planning stuff issue off her chest and I felt better now that there wasn't a cloud of awkwardness hanging over our lunch date. But there were other things in the back of my mind that kept me from completely relaxing, completely letting go as she started talking about all the stores we could go to and look for dresses to suit any wedding.

I'd talked to Megan and now my mother. I had to stop putting it off and talk to the one person that really mattered.

Jacob.

****

Wear the little black dress, no bra, panties in your purse.

I didn't ask any questions, like why I was cramming a pair of underwear in between my cell and wallet. I was just elated that he was back--and had something planned.

I couldn't help but be a little annoyed when I saw how busy the private terminal was. I thought his late arrival would buy a little privacy. A little time.

Maybe Megan was right about the rose colored glasses, I scolded myself. The bustle was nonexistent compared to the regular terminal. I had nothing to complain about but I still found myself staring at each attendant, forcing away the annoyance in favor of a bright smile. Whatever Jacob had planned was sure to break all kinds of rules and I figured niceness would make the awkwardness easier to swallow if they walked in on something.

It could be all in your head after all. He hadn't promised me anything. He could be testing me, pushing me and making me squirm until we got home and we could make up for what I was sure was the longest week of my life.

Without Jacob things didn't feel right, I knew he was in London on business and I could tell how anxious he was to come home to me, but that didn't make our bed any less lonely. And even though I knew he would be deplaning any minute now, it didn't make my anxiety level relax. I wouldn't relax until I could touch him. Until my hands could travel down his lapel, to his belt buckle--

I blinked, heat making every part of me hot and bothered. I was all but panting, clawing my clothes off so he could see what he did to me. Just how ready I was.

An older man was staring at me strangely, almost like he could see right through my clothes; see the gears turning in my head, so I looked away before I could blush and confirm his suspicions.

When I saw a familiar face, the sides of my mouth stretched up a few inches. The glow of recognition colored her pale features and she returned the smile, moving in my direction.

She extended her hand. "Miss Montgomery!"

I shook it heartily with a laugh. "Leila." The 'Miss Montgomery' stuff was awkward as her handing over the envelope when we met. The envelope that contained concise then ridiculous instructions.

Remove your bra and panties prior to boarding.

Funny, now I'd gladly remove that and more.

I shushed the overly horny part of me and tried to focus on what Maggie was saying.

"...and I guess congratulations are in order!"

I shifted my weight with an uncomfortable chuckle. "Thank you." Uncomfortable was modest. Suddenly very un-exciting parts of me were wet--like my palms, sticky with sweat. I was gritting my teeth behind my lips because I knew what question would come next.

"How are the wedding plans coming along?" She didn't wait for a response. "I"m sure you have something beautiful and extravagant planned." She leaned in, bringing an air of perfume and a new wave of queasiness rocking through me.

"Between you and me, I knew that you two would end up together. Your chemistry was off the charts."

The blush had nowhere else to go. I was red all over and I opened my mouth and breathed a sigh of relief when I saw Jacob coming through the sliding doors. She followed my line of sight and something about good to see me or privacy or good luck or something irrelevant. At that moment, everything but Jacob was irrelevant.

I wasn't sure how he could turn a white button down shirt and khakis into sex, but I felt like I could already feel him slick against me. Inside me. And when our eyes locked, I had to root myself in place so I didn't dash over and jump his bones on the spot. The dark waves that framed his handsome face seemed longer than I remembered and he was rocking a bit of stubble that gave him a rugged edge that suited him well.

My brain functioned long enough for me to take a few steps forward. I opened my mouth, not even caring that a bumbled mess was about to come out, but he just rounded an arm around my waist and pulled me to him, lips crushing against mine.

Tongue in my mouth.

Body pulsating as his masculine scent hung in the air around me.

We were in public and making love with our mouths, our hands, and I didn't care. HIs hands drew up from my behind and I exhaled a moan as he cupped my cheeks, coming up for air.

"Come with me."

My first thought was 'hell yes!' but I was still solidly dazed and aroused and trying to remember how to do anything but kiss him. And now that I knew he was back and missed me, wanted me as much as I wanted him, I had to remind myself to breathe in and out so I didn't pass out.

I gripped his hand, not paying much attention to where we were headed. To be honest, I'd follow him right off a cliff. I wasn't thinking clearly or rationally at that moment--and it suited me just fine.

And then I blinked and saw the sign indicating we were heading in the direction of the bathroom.

I was sobering up, but I shrugged off the tiny voice that whispered we were about to out-do every public display of sexiness. I wouldn't let myself believe it until I followed him into the men's bathroom.

He didn't check the room for any other people, he just pushed me back against the door and reclaimed my lips. My eyes were open, wide and unsure as I took in the surroundings. Rich people really did have it better. If I walked into the bathroom in the main terminal I'd instantly want to take a Purell bath. Here, the bathroom was like a freaking hotel. Pedestal sinks, hand towels instead of paper towels. Glittering chrome fixtures. There was even some classical music flowing from speakers above us.

Jacob paused, his eyes hot with disapproval as he looked down at me. "Where are you, Leila?"

"I'm here." In the bathroom. "I just--"

"Are concerned about our location?"

The fact that his fingers were already at my zipper, pulling it down, told me he wasn't. "I've been thinking about being with you, touching you since I got on the plane a week ago. I'm not waiting one more second."

I felt the whispers of protest on my tongue. I wanted him, God I wanted him--but in the car or at least in a room where we could lock the door. Yet as soon as my dress puddled at my feet and he let out a deep, rumbling groan of approval, I said the hell with it.

Let them walk in. We'll give them a hell of a show.

He gripped my breast, kneading it as a finger flicked over the nipple. "Good girl."

I reached forward, hand cupping his erection. "I don't want to be good." I watched the wild lust stampede across his usually controlled expression, setting his eyes on fire when I undid his belt. "I want to be bad. I want to be punished."

He closed his eyes as I stroked him, giving in for a few minutes, for a few blissful moments before his hand abandoned my breast and gripped a fistful of my hair, tugging my head toward him until pain rippled across my scalp and met the wetness growing between my thighs.

"You like provoking me, don't you?"

"I love it," I said hoarsely. Defiantly. Knowing he loved it too. Loved my headstrong spirit. Loved it when I disobeyed or forget to ask his permission so he could punish me.

He released me, pulling his belt loose. "Go over to that chair. Hand on the cushion. Ass facing me. Count every strike."

Human nature amped up my nerves as it sunk in that he was about to use the belt on me, but I practically ran to the chair, wasting no time before I put both hands down, bottom up and waiting.

As much as I liked to pretend I forgot my training to get a rise out of him, I knew how important it was to count. It would give me something to concentrate on besides the fear that bubbled in my gut and the sting of the leather, but it also grounded him.

The whistle cut through the silence. When it collided with my flesh, the hiss of pain became a shout.

"One."

We didn't make it past five before I was using the color. His eyes were wild, crazed with a need that could have made me cl**ax all by itself. And then I saw him bulging, every inch solid. Lips, core, ass--I didn't care. I just wanted him. I stepped forward, catching his eye as my lips trembled with anticipation. I was sure that he was about to corder me to my knees, but I was wrong.

"Turn back around."

I wheeled back around, feeling the chilly air agains the wet of my juices before a moan ripped from my lungs. He moved inside of me, reminding me of everything I missed, everything I ever needed. When the first cl**ax rocked me I knew I was losing it. Moaning, crying out. His moans matched mine.

His fingers cut into the tender flesh of my h*ps as he released, filling me. Pieces of him mixing with pieces of me.

We pushed out of the bathroom. Me tugging at my dress, he looping his overnight bag over his shoulder, pointed toward the exit. Most people avoided our gaze altogether. Maggie was near the concierge desk and flashed me a wink that made me whisper 'oh my god'.

I looked up into his blue eyes. Embarrassment and shame made me want to die right there. "Just how loud were we?"

His eyes smoldered. "Loud enough."

My whole face tingled as I squeezed my eyes shut. "They know...they're looking at us..."

When it came out I wished I could take it back. Whenever we fooled around at the office and I brought up concerns about other employees gossiping about it he'd comment they'd be out of there so fast their head would spin. He had enough clout that he'd make anyone looking at us sideways regret not averting their gaze and I didn't want anyone to get in trouble because we couldn't contain ourselves.

But the look he wore wasn't the one he used when he was on the warpath. The look was playful and heart meltingly sexy. He gripped my hand with a smile.

"Let them talk."

****

I knew it was gonna be one of those days before I even walked through the revolving door at the Whitmore building. One of those days that made you wonder why you got out of bed in the first place. A kind of day where the stars align and everything that could possibly go wrong does.

It started off with Jacob letting me sleep in because I was so tired. This whole thing could have been a segue into something sexy considering the reason I was so exhausted had everything to do with nakedness, wetness, and awesomeness. Instead, I woke up alone, freaking out for a minute and thinking I'd dreamt up that he was back. Unfortunately, I still jerked awake an hour past the time I needed to be up to make it to the big midweek meeting Missy headed up; right when people were getting used to me being in the trenches and shunning special treatment, I went and did something I knew I would never get reprimanded for.

And that was just the beginning.

After I was late, I had not time to whip up coffee so I decided to swing by Starbucks on the commute and after getting the cabbie to wait, realized exactly why I never did Starbucks on the way to the office. I got dangerously close to giving the paparazzo who seemed intent on turning the wait into a photoshoot the middle finger. Instead of anything newsworthy, he got lots of grimaces, grit teeth, and glares.

Naturally, I only got a sip or two in before a pothole sent my cup backward, drenching my silk blouse in my venti quad shot white chocolate mocha. I tried looking on the bright side, knowing I had some spare shirts in my office and buttoned my blazer to hide the brunt of the damage--and then I saw the swarm of paps gathered around the entrance. Before I could get out a, 'What the--?' I heard the drawl of none other than her.

Rachel Laraby.

I should have just turned around, slid back into the cab, and told the driver to take me home, but I just drew a harried breath and proceeded toward the impromptu conference, telling myself that maybe in the span since Rachel Laraby had last made herself known, she'd done some maturing. Hopefully excelled at a life lesson called Acceptance: Getting Over Jacob Whitmore and My Unhealthy Obsession With Ruining His Fiance.

In fact, I was gonna scoot past all the flashing bulbs and go straight inside. She wasn't my client or my concern anymore. I was two feet away from the entrance when my name rung out over the clamor.

"Leila, do you have a minute?"

If it was a pap, I would have ignored it altogether. I was good at just going about my business as far as their questions were concerned. If I was at a premiere, that was one thing, but in general, their questions were along the lines of rude things like how Jacob was in bed and my thoughts on the subset of PR fans who had a theory that the reason I was never on the show was because I was only there to answer phones and look pretty because my fiance was the CEO of the company.

I refused to dignify either of those questions with a response, but since all attention was centered on me, the lack of an answer or acknowledgement would give them something new to talk about.

The huddle parted like the Red Sea, revealing Rachel at the forefront. She looked amazing per usual, pairing a chic blood red dress with her mahogany locks. Her green eyes were intensified by gold hoops in her ears and sweeping strands of gold at her neck. She didn't even finish her once over, emerald gaze drinking in my stain before her lips spread a little wider as a couple of cameras flashed. Great.

"I was just talking about the new program I'm pitching to the board," she continued. Her feline like features narrowed with amusement as I frowned.

"What program?"

She raised an eyebrow. "We talked about this, remember? I mean, it was the product of our conversation."

Heads snapped back in my direction. Nicely played--now the company would look bad if I didn't go along with whatever new plot she'd cooked up.

I hated to lie, or give Rachel Laraby an inch, so I just shifted and cleared my throat.

She seemed disappointed that I didn't embarrass myself by saying, 'Huh?', but she recovered, corralling the attention back to her.

"The program is called Reach. I was inspired when I followed the story of one of Whitmore and Creighton's troubled clients, Mia Kent."

Confusion and wariness took the backseat in favor of indignation. This is her play? The saint?

I couldn't be the only one that saw right through that. But as they all faced her with wide eyed adoration, I knew that she was reaping the rewards of being America's Sweetheart. The beautiful, troubled figure that the world couldn't help but root for.

"As an actress that has struggled with addiction, I know all too well how in need Mia truly is." She flipped her hair over her shoulder, nodding in my direction. "I'm just glad I'll be able to help her and I'm so grateful to Leila for offering me this opportunity."

She's insane. Completely insane.

The company's PR executive saved me from literally melting down, charging through the doors and informing the photographers that they were trespassing. Monique Leferve rivaled Jacob in the kicking ass/taking names department and she moved them back the appropriate amount of feet in record time.

Her big brown eyes were reduced to slits when she turned her ire to Rachel. "Ms. Laraby, I was unaware of any conference scheduled for this morning."

The list of staff at Whitmore and Creighton who hadn't ignored or gossiped about me when I leapt from aide to personal assistant to CEO was a small one--and Monique's name was on it. That being said, we weren't buddy-buddy either. She was an older woman and a student of the school of work being work and personal time and socializing things to be done when you were off the clock. She had a domineering presence and even Rachel shrank back a little bit before she rolled her shoulders back and gave Monique a chilly smile.

"Always a pleasure, Monique." She gestured at the area that had just been jam packed with people with cameras and questions. "It was just a tiny announcement, nothing to worry yourself with."

"I'm the head of the press and public relations department at Whitmore and Creighton," Monique replied, matching Rachel's cool tone. "That means anything that involves the press, Whitmore and Creighton, and our clients is absolutely my concern." The brown eyes that usually gave me a warm smile were anything but friendly when she got me in her sights. "You should have run this by me first, Ms. Montgomery."

I shook my head emphatically. "This was my first time hearing about any of this." There were no other ears within listening distance so I had no problem chunking Rachel beneath the bus.

Rachel's eyes flashed, not going down without a fight. "Hold on one second--"

"Inside," Monique hissed, leading us inside the building. Once we were through the door, I wanted to put as many floors between me and Rachel as possible, but I knew this conversation wasn't over, so I followed Monique to the coffee shop on the first floor.

There were only a few employees near the back, typing furiously on laptops and a barista stocking the sugars on the island near the door. My mouth watered as the smell of brewing coffee hit me like a punch to the gut. Since the only way to get caffeine five minutes ago would have been sucking on my blouse, I'd consigned to just grabbing something after I checked in with Jacob. I opened my mouth to say I'd be right back, but snapped it shut when I saw Monique hadn't brought us in here to bond over a cup of coffee.

Rachel completely missed the memo.

"I'll take a triple soy latte, as dry as possible," she said, sauntering over to a table with a sigh liked she'd just done something terribly exhausting.

Monique didn't even flinch. "Tell me about the program."

Rachel shrugged a bare shoulder. "It's all on the website. Ask Leila."

"What?" I said shrilly, shaking my head again and dodging the darts Monique hurled my way. "I have no idea what's going on--"

"Leila, this isn't the time for modesty," Rachel said, pulling her shades from the top of her head and placing them on the table. "Reach was a fantastic idea and is going to garner so much positive capital with the public."

The tight line of Monique's jaw relaxed slightly, like she hadn't thought about it from that angle. She walked over to the table where Rachel sat and pulled out a chair, lowering herself slowly. Still suspicious, but listening.

I caught Rachel's eye over Monique's head and mouthed, "What the f**k!" but her smirk told me that I was along for the ride, whether I wanted to be or not. I forced a smile when Monique whipped around to me, gesturing at the seat beside her.

"So tell me more about this program."

Rachel looked at me and when I croaked, she filled in the blanks. "We're still working out the kinks, but it's an outreach program, dedicated to helping troubled youth and young adults. When I started following Mia Kent's story and tragic suicide attempt, I saw so much of myself in her. This business can be amazing and terrible and I know if I would have had a veteran actress who'd been there and could steer me in the right direction, maybe I wouldn't have made some of the mistakes that still haunt me to this day."

So now she was Mother Theresa. This would have been all well and good if not for the fact that she'd completely made up my involvement in this operation. Monique was nodding, probably imagining all the goodwill the company could garner with an organization like this, but I knew that if Rachel Laraby was involved, there had to be some sort of ulterior motive.

Rachel swept her hair over her shoulder, drawing a breath and releasing it slowly. "That being said, I knew that Leila had a personal relationship with Mia and would be best suited for approaching her and asking her to be a part of this process. I fully intended to discuss this with Mia first, but the press heard the rumblings of it and found me as I was on my way to schedule it with Leila."

"I didn't have anything with you on the books--" I began.

"Right," Rachel interjected. "Which is why I came in bright and early, hoping to talk to you first thing, but Natasha informed me you weren't in. I was on my way out of the building when I was cornered."

So now the on-the-fly press conference my fault because I was running late.

Monique's lips pursed together as she looked over at me. "In the future, I want anything that involves the Whitmore and Creighton brand run by me first."

I wanted to protest, to tell her that Rachel was lying, plotting, but she was already up, making her way out of the coffee shop.

Leaving me alone with her.

Rachel picked at her nails dismissively. "Could you be a dear and grab a coffee for me? I've been so busy getting our organization up and running--"

"Our organization?" I said incredulously. "The fictitious organization I didn't even know existed until ten minutes ago?"

"That's right," she said coolly. "With your caring and giving nature, I figured you'd be elated that I involved you."

"I'm not elated about anything that involves our names being uttered in the same breath," I said brusquely. I jerked my chair back, drawing the eye of the two staff members and not really caring. "I don't know what you have planned, but I'm going to talk to Monique and tell her that it has nothing to do with me. And if you do anything to Mia--"

Rachel let out a haughty chuckle. "Just what do you expect me to do to her, Leila?"

"I don't know," I answered truthfully, standing to my feet. "And that's what worries me."

"It's a non-profit, not a criminal organization." She rolled her eyes. "And what I said to Monique was the truth."

"Oh really? All that BS about how we decided to start it together?"

"Well not that part obviously," she said, looking at me like I was an idiot. "The part about wanting to help someone not make the same mistakes I did."

"Right."

"I'm being serious!"

"And honest?" I scoffed. "Sorry, but I don't trust you, Rachel."

She almost looked insulted by that statement, her glossy lips creased with hurt. How could she be though? She'd been out to get me ever since she learned Jacob and I had a relationship that was anything but professional. She'd set me up, shamed me, done everything she could to try and break us up. None of that matched up with her supposed kind-hearted nature.

I didn't buy it.

She sniffed, picking up her shades and pulling them back on with angry, jerky motions. "You don't have to trust me. You just have to know that when I set my mind to do something, it gets done."

I let out a snort, finding the clock. 11AM and the last thing in the world I wanted or needed to be doing was arguing with Rachel Laraby. "If you want to pretend like you're some caring philanthropist over night, knock yourself. Leave me out of it."

"But you're already involved," she said, rising slowly. "You were involved the moment he chose you."

I went rigid. I should have known it would somehow circle back to this. I was still a little confused as to how she figured setting up a fake organization would lead to Jacob realizing our relationship was a mistake and rushing into her arms.

"This should be good," I scowled, knowing the smart thing would be to walk away from the craziness but genuinely curious to see what was going on in her head.

"I sat down and tried to figure out what it is, what he could possibly see in you that he wouldn't have in me in spades." She pulled her clutch beneath her arm. "It couldn't be your looks. You're not that funny. So it had to be your Anne Frank-like optimism and niceness and all that bullcrap."

I let out a laugh that really made everyone in the room lock their attention on us. When she popped her shades on top of her head to glare at me I had to clap a hand over my mouth to keep from guffawing.

"You are completely--"

Her eyes shot away from me and her mouth fell open. When everything else seemed to go completely silent, I turned around, smiling when I saw Jacob at the door, then feeling my heart drop when I saw the hurt coursing across his face.

Rachel moved toward him before I could react. "Jacob it's so good to--"

"Leila." One word and I knew something happened.

Rachel disappeared and it was just us. "What's wrong?"

"It's my mother." His voice was raw, every vocal chord, every emotion exposed. "She's in the hospital."

****

If there was ever any question as to whether Jacob loved his mother, it was put to rest when we screeched from the Whitmore and Creighton parking garage.

Under normal circumstances, I would curtly remind him that no matter how many zeroes on the price tag or bells and whistles under the hood, all cars looked the same wrapped around a pole, but I just clutched my seatbelt in silence. That kind of comment usually garnered a raised eyebrow and a comment like, 'You know this is a Maserati, right?'. I had no idea what my answer would be today because I'd never seen him this way. The mask usually shielded his truth away; time and love gave me the ability to see past it most times but in general, I only saw what Jacob wanted me to see, just like everyone else.

As we shot over several lanes to a chorus of honks and Jacob letting out a hail of expletives, my stomach knotted like someone took my insides and twisted them like a rag. There was no mask. His face was a kaleidoscope of emotion, each one more chilling than the last. I saw the snarl of anger and went through the list of possible suspects. Traffic? It didn't matter that it was an inanimate thing; his chokehold on the steering wheel and the string of profanity that would make a raunchy comedian blush told me that didn't matter.

Was he mad at his mother? That would be understandable. After all the woman put him through, the way she controlled him even after all this time was maddening. I bit my lip, watching the vein in his temple twitch. Or maybe he was mad at himself. The other emotions usually blurred behind a facade of cool were tied to the anger. Sorrow. Hurt.

What if he blamed himself?

"This isn't your fault, Jacob," I murmured. "It's no one's fault ."

"She had a heart attack, Leila," he said hollowly. "She's in shape, is OCD about eating and living healthily so that leaves one other thing: stress."

"But that doesn't mean--"

"The last thing I said to her was 'No amount of mothering now will change the fact that you did a shit job of it for 28 years.'"

A silence spread throughout the car. I'd wondered why he went quiet when I joked about cutting her off. He'd already done it.

He let out a groan of frustration as the car in front of us wasn't feeling adventurous and opted to not run the light. He yanked his tie loose then pulled it off altogether, hurling it over his shoulder.

"I told her the only connection we had, would ever have, was the fact that she brought me into this world." His voice lowered, jaw ticking. "I said junkies did the same thing everyday. It didn't mean she'd earned a place in my life." He tilted his head in my direction, regret wetting his eyes. "That can't be the last thing I say to her, Lay. Even after all she's done."

I cradled his cheek in my hand and said the only thing I could think of. The only thing I wanted to believe because the alternative would destroy him.

"It's gonna be alright." The eyes that slayed me every time were slits of disbelief, so I said it again. "It's gonna be alright, Jacob."

They softened, then hardened to sea glass when someone laid on their horn behind us. There was something dangerous brewing and I told him we were just a few blocks from the hospital so he didn't jump out of the car and bash someone's head in. We hit no more lights and the traffic seemed to thin out almost as if they knew Jacob couldn't take much more.

The paparazzi were waiting, but security kept them away from the valet drop off and entrance. Jacob was all thumbs with his money clip, so I put a steady hand over his shaking ones. "I'll take care of the valet. Go find out about your mom."

I watched him dash in the building then turned to the young valet, her face red with adoration like she was committing the precious seconds Jacob was right there to memory. When I cleared my throat, the red darkened as she gave me an apologetic smile.

"Sorry, I just love the show."

I smiled back and pulled a twenty from my purse and took the tag. I heard the screech of the reporters questions, bulbs pulsing like strobe lights. Fact was, the last thing I wanted to do was go inside and face some terrible news, but that meant standing out here with them; and if something happened and I wasn't by Jacob's side, I'd never forgive myself.

I stepped inside and muttered, 'You gotta be kidding me' as soon as I saw Nurse Deadwood's brutal face. Jacob wasn't in the lobby so I assumed he'd put the fear of god in the woman. I didn't have that kind of presence and I sure as hell didn't have a wad of cash to bribe her with. I took a deep breath, banishing the defeatist attitude. You're getting through that door, Leila. One way or another.

I marched to the desk, replacing the nurse's squirrelly eyes with Rachel's big ones, making what came next easier.

"You're going to let me through that door," I said firmly. "And not because I write you a check. I'm family. That's my fiance and future mother-in-law back there. I belong with them."

It was out. I stood my ground and waited for her to tell me to promptly turn my butt around and exit before she called security. Instead, she held out a name tag, hand trembling. "Mr. Whitmore is waiting for you."

I frowned slightly before raising my chin. "Good." I strut into the secure area seeing, Jacob at the end of the hall. He held up a finger and came toward me. I must have still been smiling like I'd slain a dragon or pulled a sword out of a stone because he gave me a weird look.

"Everything okay?"

I shook off my grin, but I could still hear it in my voice. "Yeah, it's just that nurse--"

"Deadwood?" His eyes narrowed. "I know she fleeced you and Missy. She should thank whatever deity she believes in that she still has a job." His voice blazed. "Did she give you any problems?"

I shook my head slowly, still stunned. If she was on Jacob's shit list, I actually felt sorry for her. I gestured at the nurse who was at the end of the hall, waiting patiently. "How's your mom?"

He sliced a hand through his hair, the stern look in his eyes fading into annoyance. "Doctor's in now. No visitors until he says so."

As we made our way back to where the nurse was waiting I realized it was more than just patience rounding her stance. It was the confidence of someone that was desensitized to celebrity. Under different circumstances, she might've been as star-struck as the valet. She had an average build, dirty blond hair and tired green eyes. The kind of woman that worked hard and swapped the tabloids from the checkout rack to escape her life before heading home to rambunctious kids. None of those glittering lights mattered here. Within these walls, she was in charge.

Jacob wasn't nearly as accepting of that as I was.

"This is ridiculous," he growled. "If she's awake and alert as you claim, why can't I see her?"

"Because she's in the ICU," the nurse answered simply. "As soon as Dr. Schaub comes out--" She turned to the back as the doors clicked open and an older man in scrubs shuffled into our area. "Here he--"

Neither one of us waited for introductions, breezing over to the doctor, dread sinking in at his melancholy expression.

Jacob was a force, not wasting a moment. "I want to see my mother."

The doctor's weary gray eyes scanned Jacob's face. "Mr. Whitmore, your mother cannot handle a high degree of stress."

"Look--" Jacob stopped, taking a deep breath and calming himself. "I just want her to see me and know I'm here."

The doctor gave him a look that made me wonder if he did some tabloid reading himself. "If I let you in to see her, nothing should be brought up that could upset her."

"Understood."

He gave him a final look over then nodded. "Follow me." When I took a step in that direction he stopped. "I'm sorry, family only while she's in intensive care."

I saw Jacob gear up for a fight, so I just took a step back, hands up and non-combative. "It's alright. I'll be right out here." He didn't look ready to drop it, so I added, "It's alright. Go be with your mother."

I stood there, watching his taut back fade as he stepped into the ICU ward.

****

Leaving the hospital was like leaving a piece of me behind. I'd waited in the waiting room, sipping terrible coffee and watching terrible daytime shows about paternity tests and small claims court cases for what seemed like ages until the nurse who refused to let us go back sauntered over and delivered a message. Apparently Alicia was okay and I could go back to the office. For a brief moment, I wanted to send one back and say I'd wait out there for him, as long as it took, but pride and a sinking suspicion that she wouldn't deliver it anyway made me get up and exit. There was a car waiting and I barely had time to pout before I was being deposited in front of the Whitmore and Creighton building like a piece of luggage.

I knew that was overreacting. He wanted time alone with his mother. It was understandable. He deserved it. But I couldn't help but take offense to the fact that it was so easy to dismiss me. Why couldn't he deliver the message himself?

His mother had a heart attack, I chided myself. It makes sense that she's his focus right now. The little reminder didn't help my mood so I decided to focus on my heavy workload instead. As much as I dreaded a guilt trip from Missy, I had to get a recap of the meeting I'd missed. I made it to the floor and thanked god no one was waiting for the elevator before zipping up to the top floor instead. I was delaying the inevitable, but I was sure whatever Missy needed to say could be said after I had a minute to catch my breath.

I was hoping Natasha would be at lunch, but I saw her perched behind her desk, bright eyes on her computer screen until she saw me and her demeanor went from professional to Stick Up My Butt.

"Somebody's been popular today," she frowned. "I started wondering if I was Jacob's secretary or yours."

"Good afternoon," I said with the biggest smile I could stand. She wanted a confrontation and as much as I wanted to yell and scream, I wouldn't give her the satisfaction. "I take it you left the messages in my office?"

She glared at me from behind her bangs. New haircut. Something short in the front and long and flowing in the back that would have softened anyone else but with her perma-frown and ice colored eyes, she looked fiercer than usual.

"Like I said, I am Mr. Whitmore's secretary," she said haughtily. "You do have a visitor waiting in your office even though I informed her that God alone knew when you would be arriving."

As much as I wanted to snap back, I knew I needed to save that for the person waiting in my office.

Rachel.

Ugh.

From Natasha's eyes shifting back to her computer, I figured the conversation was over. For the first time since I'd met the woman I found myself wanting to linger. Ask about her stylist. Was she Team Vampire, Team Were, or Team Zombie? Anything that would prolong the inevitable. I just wasn't ready to see Rachel's face.

Sensing that I missed her end of conversation nonverbal cues, she slowly lifted her gaze back to me.

"Can I help you?"

Think of something! "Uh, thank you for all you do." Wow that was terrible. I was surprised I'd gotten the lie out with a straight face.

She rolled her eyes. "Uh huh. Look, the poor girl has been waiting to see you for hours--"

A spark of hope flashed through me. "Girl?"

"Yes. Mia Kent."

A smile dashed across my face. "Oh, thank God."

Natasha pushed blond strands behind her ear, eyeing me strangely. "I wouldn't thank him yet. She wasn't happy when she stomped in two hours ago and I imagine she's even less so now."

Uh oh. I booked it down the corridor, pushing into my office as I dropped my smile and picked up a frown. The desk was littered with takeout cups and empty pastry bags. I would have let the mess and clear disrespect for my things slide if she hasn't made herself at home, feet up on the desk, powdered sugar covered digits typing away on my keyboard.

"What the hell?"

She froze mid-sentence, fingers posed above the keys, aqua eyes jumping from the computer screen. "Where the hell have you been?" She kicked her worn chucks off the table and stood up. Her getup was somewhere between rockabilly and coc**ne chic. She paired a sheer, oversized blouse with liquid leggings. Her hair was tucked under a trucker hat. The only thing worth noting was a lack of ten layers of makeup on her face. Without the stuff gunked on her eyelids, I had no problem seeing just how pissed she was.

I put aside my annoyance at the mess. "I was at the hospital."

Her anger dissipated. "What? Are you okay?"

I nodded, moving to the chair in front or my desk and balling up a pile of empty wrappers and lowering myself with a sigh. "I'm fine. It's Jacob's mother that's not doing so well." I looked up at her. "Heart attack."

She peered at me curiously. "I'm sorry?"

I gave her the smallest of smile. "We don't get along, but I don't actively wish her ill."

She smirked, repeating the two words with more authority. "I'm sorry. For Jacob." She made a face like she was remembering she'd come for a reason and it wasn't to deliver a verbal Hallmark card. "So when were you gonna tell me about Project Save Poor Mia?"

I cringed. "Yeah, about that..." She stood there, hand on hip, waiting. What could I say? It was bad form to gossip about one client to another. "I'll take care of it."

"Righttt," she said, voicing dripping with sarcasm. "Just how are you going to take care of it? I have people texting and emailing me, asking me things like, 'Is Rachel as hot in person as she is onscreen?' and 'How sweet is Rachel for trying to help you?'. As if I needed any other proof that this whole thing had nothing to do with me."

I stared at her in awe. I knew Mia was smarter than people gave her credit for, but I couldn't stop the swell of pride at how she'd come here and confronted me, calling bullshit--even if her anger at me was misplaced. Someone that didn't care about their life wouldn't care, but Mia did.

I shook off the moment, tightening the bun at the nape of my neck. "You have every right to be angry at this situation--"

"At the situation?" she snapped. "No, I'm mad at her--and I'm disappointed in you."

That hurt worse than any blow she could have dealt. We'd only known each other for a month, but it felt like I'd always known her. She could be a bit much with the texts and early morning calls, but despite my grumblings I loved that I was the number she called when she was stressed or stuck in some sketchy spot or couldn't sleep. She was more than my client. She was my friend. Which is why I was gonna break the cardinal rule. Well, that and wanting one less person to think Rachel was as kind and relatable as she seemed.

"This morning was my first time hearing about the organization."

"But Rachel said..." Mia didn't finish, cherubic face scrunched as she went through the whole thing again. She slid against the edge of the desk, sending trash fluttering to the floor. She ignored my glare. "I don't get it."

"Rachel and I aren't exactly besties." So I hadn't flat out said that she was a psycho bitch that made breaking up me and Jacob her favorite hobby. I figured I deserved a pass for that alone.

She twisted her mouth into a scowl, still trying to connect the dots. "But why would you two..." The scowl rounded into an O. "A boy. It's always a boy."

"Hey!" I said, feeling a little defensive. He was mine first came to mind even though that wasn't exactly true. He didn't care about her the way he cared about me, but he still used the words. Words that made an already unstable chick skitter over the edge.

I steered the convo away from romance. "We're gonna get a handle on it. I'll take care of it, okay?"

I should have known it was too late for that. I'd already given her a taste of the scandal. The genie was out of the bottle and she had a front row seat to the drama.

"So what's her evil plan to steal Jacob away from you?" she asked excitedly.

I tried to backpedal. "I didn't mean it that way. There's a little tension between the two of us, but that's because she and Jacob used to date--"

"Oh my god, Rachel and Jacob used to be a thing?!"

My face reddened at how dreamily she said it. Like they were some fairytale come true. Match made in heaven. Truth was, their story would have been a totally different one than his and mine. No one would have asked what he saw in her because anyone with two eyes would be able to see how perfect they were together. No one would have said that he must 'really love her' or that their future kids were lucky to have his genes in the mix. They'd say their kids hit the genetic lottery.

Mia waved her hand in front of my face. "Are you okay?"

I blinked, forcing a smile before dropping the lie. "Y-yeah."

The connection we had called my bluff. Or maybe I was just a horrible actress. "You guys are a cuter couple."

"Right," I said said with a snort. "She's gorgeous, he's gorgeous. It's like a real-life movie."

"And you're gorgeous. But not just on the outside, on the inside too." When I flashed her a weak smile she added, "Haven't you been reading the tabloids? I'm selfish and vapid. I wouldn't socialize with you if you weren't at least a 9."

I chuckled at that, stopping when the phone on my desk rattled to life. I leaned forward and grabbed it, hearing Natasha's surly voice on the other end.

"Jacob's on the line," she barked. "He says it's important."

I clicked over, dread returning. "Is your mom ok?"

"Can you come back to the hospital? She wants to see you as soon as possible."

****

I clutched the bouquet of roses as I stepped onto the elevator, feeling all the apprehension from being in a hospital multiply considering who I was there to visit. The doors slid open and the nurse from earlier was waiting near the desk.

She gave me a bright smile. "It must mean a lot to know that you're the second person she asked to see. I wish I had that kind of relationship with my mother-in-law."

It meant something alright, I just wasn't sure if it meant something good or something bad.

I kept that to myself. "Is it okay if I go on back?"

"Of course." Her hand dipped below the desk and the secure doors swung open. "Room I-950."

I started down the sterile hall, each step hollow. The corridor seemed too quiet for an intensive care unit. I'd been expecting noise: nurses rushing into rooms with defibrillators, wails of pain and agony, the buzz of all the machines used to keep those bad off with one foot in the world of the living. Instead, it was eerily silent. Like walking through a graveyard.

I hitched a breath when a door thirty feet away flew open like a thunderclap, the familiar, sleekly muscled frame of Jacob stepping into the hall.

I opened my mouth but left the greeting unsaid when I saw his head was bowed. On the phone. Probably business.

Whatever it was must be serious because his demeanor was terse and unyielding. I approached him slowly, frowning as his words reverberated through the quiet.

"I swear to god if you call this number again--"

My flats squealed on the linoleum and he whirled to face me, instantly going from rage to something softer. Eyes still on me he ended the call and started in my direction.

"Who was that? Everything okay?"

The nerve beneath his eye flickered before he wrapped me in a warm embrace. "It is now."

He was definitely avoiding my first question, but his ill mother was in the room a few feet away. I'd give him a pass for now. Besides, the longer those arms were around me, the more everything else dimmed. Work, worry, everything except his scent, his body didn't matter. I held onto him for dear life.

His hold slackened but I kept my cheek against his chest. "She wants to see me."

"Yes." My arms tightened, but he broke the connection long enough to take the sides of my face in his hands. He caressed me with his gaze. "I don't know if it was the close call with death or what, but she'll be on her best behavior."

Yeah...best behavior for Alicia Whitmore or the average person?

I gripped his hand. "You'll be there?"

He nodded, an understanding smile curving his lips. "Ready?"

He wisely didn't wait for verbal confirmation or we might've never gone through the door.

We stepped inside. The room was as regal as I remembered Mia's being. Lush furnishings that reminded me more of some fancy hotel than a hospital. Alicia wasn't strapped to the bed though--she may as well have been considering all the cords snaking around her, binding her in place. And just like Mia, she was a ghost of her former self. Body frail, all skin and bones beneath the hospital gown. Her salt and pepper hair was oily and hung limply around her splotchy face. With her eyes closed I got this sick image of her laid in a casket.

I gasped when her eyes flew open.

Thunder flashed in the gray as she took me in. "I don't look that terrible, do I?"

"No," I squeaked.

She gave me a signature look full of attitude. "You're a horrible liar. I guess that's a good thing though." She winced as she grabbed the remote and brought herself to a seated position. "Come closer. I'm not contagious."

I was ready to tug Jacob along for the ride, but I remembered the last thing I wanted was for her to see me weak and unable to stand on my own.

He's right over there, I told myself, releasing his hand. And it wasn't like Alicia was gonna attack me, she had IV lines coming out all over the place. Truthfully, I was more worried about the blows she'd dole out with her words. The scars invisible to the na**d eye, but inside, bright and purpled. Memories of that letter I'd found months ago, when she seemed so excited to meet me. And then our first interaction when she offered me a blank check to go away. Every run in after compounded until we hit the apology. It would take more than 'I'm sorry' to rebuild the bridge between us. And the last thing I wanted was for her to see just how much she affected me.

I walked to her bedside, chin up, posture perfect, eyes cool and unaffected. "Jacob said you wanted to see me?"

She cleared her throat and reached for a styrofoam cup. The clink of ice echoed as she tilted a few cubes in her mouth before responding. "Jacob, can you give us a moment?"

His gaze shifted from her to me, silently asking me if I was okay. I gave him a slight nod.

"I'll be right outside."

We watched him go, door clicking shut behind him. She put the styrofoam cup back on the table.

"I know you don't like me."

So we were jumping right in. "Alicia--"

"Don't bother denying it."

"Oh I wasn't gonna deny it," I said simply. "I haven't liked you since you tried to bribe me to get me away from your son."

She licked her lips. "Fair enough. I know the things I did to you, to Jacob, are enough to damn me. And what I'm about to share with you is cliche, but it's the truth."

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious. I crossed my arms, waiting.

"When I felt the first chest pain then it multiplied until I was somewhere between consciousness and unconsciousness, I saw my life flash before my eyes."

Oh geez.

I won't bore you with my childhood or Carlton," she continued. "There was Jacob, only a few moments old, pure and screeching in my arms. He was such a beautiful baby. And I could see how much he loved me. Me--with all my faults. Me that needed someone that cared so badly." Her eyes were filled with tears and one dashed down her cheek. "I remembered everything I missed, every time I hurt him and that was the biggest regret of my life. And you are my second."

I froze, sure I'd misheard her. "What?"

"When I first heard about you, learned how in love Jacob was with this feisty young woman, I knew that being there for the two of you was my second chance. At that point, Jacob and I hadn't talked for nearly three years and the fact that he wanted me to meet you was an olive branch I didn't deserve.

I won't go into the same spiel about how I thought I was protecting him, because there's no excuse for things I've said and done to you. But I don't want that to be our story, Leila. I want to be more than your in-law. I want to be your friend. I want to give you the best damn wedding this world has ever seen."

My chin trembled and I bit my lip, nervous and apprehensive and another emotion I wasn't ready to attribute to her. Optimistic. Hopeful.

I still didn't want to do a monstrosity of a wedding, but she'd just told me her life flashed before her eyes and she realized she wanted a better relationship with me. With Jacob. Despite all the things she'd done, it counted for something.

She was looking at me.

Vulnerable.

Waiting.

I flashed her a smile. "You get some rest, okay?"

I left the room, seeing Jacob standing over near the window. He turned, like he could sense me. I rushed into his arms, not sure if I was ready to trust her, but knowing I could trust his arms.

"I take it she told you how her life flashed before her eyes and she saw the error of her ways." He stroked my back, knowing just where to touch me to help me relax."I want to believe this time is different, but I've been burned by her before."

I knew he was waiting for an answer from me, but I didn't have one. I wasn't sure if her near death experience meant she changed or should get a pardon or even deserved one.

"Just hold me," I sighed.

"That I can do." He pressed his lips against my forehead and started to pull me in before he stopped. "I forgot to ask you last night because we were...indisposed, but you told me you wanted to talk about the wedding?"

I looked up into his eyes, the same shape as his mother's. I want to give you the best damn wedding this world has ever seen.

"It wasn't important," I lied. He brought me back in without another word. Without catching the lie at all.

Maybe I was a better actress than I thought.

