Chapter One

In a celebrity soaked world, I was no stranger to the tight grins of stars nor their bowed heads and glares as cameras documented every movement. The camera's flash was how I got to gush over an actress glittering on the red carpet; smirk at the drunken antics of some party-loving actor as they left a bar.

Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would be on the receiving end of those bright lights.

Slack-jawed.

Exposed.

"Leila! Over here!"

"I need a window!"

"How long have you and Jacob been dating, Leila?"

"Who are you wearing?"

I stood before the throng of photographers, rendered speechless.

Who was I wearing? I was just in a pair of skinny jeans and a blouse. I had no idea who I was wearing.

You have to tread very carefully. If a designer recognizes an item you're wearing and you flub your response, you could be blacklisted. None of the big names will touch you.

I blinked into the blinding lights, a conversation I'd overheard popping in my head. One of the publicists at Whitmore and Creighton had been prepping a budding actress before a premiere, schooling her on red carpet etiquette.

How did I get here? How did that conversation become relevant to me?

"I..." My chest tightened as a question sliced through softball ones about fashion.

"How's Jacob in bed, Leila?"

My body went rigid. The obnoxious leer on the face of the man who asked the question turned my stomach.

I knew the game the photographer was playing. He was probably one of the world-class jerks who screamed inappropriate questions at the children of celebrities. Questions about broken marriages and rumors too old for their young ears. He wanted a reaction.

I knew better than to feed the monster but I ignored my better judgment, moving dangerously close to the wall of cameras. I locked eyes on the offensive paparazzo.

"That is none of your goddamn business!" I snapped, letting the anger take over. It raised my temperature until I felt like I could breathe fire. "How dare you ask me that? You're an ass-"

"Not here." Jacob's voice cut through my tirade. His grip on my arm was firm. Undebatable.

But it was too late. The creep had struck a nerve-and they all saw it.

There was blood in the water. Who was I wearing? Please. The new questions they hurled had teeth.

"What do you say to the rumors that you slept your way into Jacob's heart?"

"What did you have to do to go from an entry level position to assistant to the CEO?"

I balled my hands into fists at my side, wanting to punch every single one of them. I saw Rachel Laraby, Jacob's conniving ex, in every question. In every smirk I saw a mirrored image of the lingering worries in my heart.

You did cheat.

You slept your way to a promotion.

You don't deserve any of this.

You don't deserve him.

I gripped Jacob's hand like a lifeline as the crush of bodies and insulting questions about sexual favors whipped around us. The car was only a few feet away but it was the longest five strides of my life.

The driver sprung into action, pulling open the back door. Jacob was a shield between me and the photographers, helping me into the car before pulling the door shut behind us. The cameras were unrelenting, light streaming through the glass windows.

My throat closed as an irrefutable truth rang in my head. You just bombed your first interaction with the press.

It was ironic. Amusing even-but at the moment, I had no sense of humor. My bachelor's degree was in public relations and I knew all the tools one was supposed to use in a hostile press environment. I knew you had to keep your composure or they'd eat you alive.

When it came down to it, all it took was one rude question and I crumbled.

The driver fought through the crowd and the car rocked into motion. I dropped my head in my hands, tears spilling between my fingers.

Jacob's arms circled me. I didn't even bother with my seatbelt. Safety was the last thing on my mind.

I just wanted him to hold me.

"It's okay, Leila," he murmured. Fingers in my hair. Words trying to pierce the storm clouds I had created.

But it was not okay. He had just told the world that we were together; that I was his girlfriend. I was in love with the man of my dreams-and he was in love with me. It was a happy moment, one I should have been able to tuck away in my memories as something joyous and beautiful. We faced the press hand in hand and I froze, leaving myself vulnerable. Instead of just following him to the car, I put a target on my chest. And now the world knew my weakness.

Jacob's arms slackened and I sniffled, pulling my hands from my face. He looked over his shoulder, out the window.

My eyes widened as I followed his line of sight. Cars were zipping alongside us, cameras still going. Footage still rolling.

They were chasing us.

I gasped as one of the cars narrowly avoided rear-ending the car in front of him. Jacob locked eyes with me and worry flashed in his gaze before he pulled his lips into an uncomfortable grin.

"Everything's going to be-"

"Don't you dare say fine," I interrupted, shaking my head fiercely. I gestured out the window at the cars surrounding us. Hounding us. "This is not fine!"

His voice was steady and precise, every handsome feature going serious. "Listen to me. Everything is fine. We're almost to the garage and they can go no further than that."

I relaxed slightly, releasing the breath I'd been holding. "They can't?"

"They can't," he confirmed. "Even if one of them manages to sneak past the guards, they can't follow us once we're in the helicopter."

My blood pressure shot back up. "Helicopter?" High speed chases with paparazzi, helicopters-twenty minutes ago I was just a personal assistant. The biggest drama of my life was talking Rachel Laraby off the ledge. Now, my whole life was a drama. A movie full of suspense, twists and turns I was not prepared for. I was the main character, the fish out of water that was seconds away from a panic attack.

"Look at me, Leila."

It was a simple request, one that would have surely calmed me down. But my brain was malfunctioning, twitching as we bumped on the road. The driver was hissing in Italian. My best guess was that he was cussing out the paparazzi, who were getting increasingly reckless. It was as if they could sense we were near our destination and the perfect shot of my terrified face would soon be out of reach.

Jacob repeated his command and my eyes flickered to the right-and stopped when a sedan nearly sideswiped us. The photographer in the neighboring car was hanging dangerously out the window, unaffected by the fact that he had almost met his end. Were pictures of me and Jacob together really worth his life? I didn't even want to know how he would answer the question; how much pictures of my horrified face were really worth.

Images of our car wrapped around one of theirs, a ball of unrecognizable metal and glass, made me sick to the stomach. I scrambled for my seatbelt, panic rendering my trembling fingers useless.

"Jacob," I said, buckling my seatbelt. "You should do yours too."

"Look at me, Leila!"

His roar filled the cabin of the car. I was surprised the driver did not slam on the brakes, giving Jacob his full attention too.

I faced Jacob, expecting fury to consume every inch of his face. Skin pulled tight in displeasure, darkened blue eyes narrowed; irritated shadowing of his perfect cheekbones, lips curled with displeasure as he bared clenched teeth. But he was as calm as he had been a few moments before, when he tried to convince me that everything was going to be okay.

He cradled my cheek, his touch warm and calming. "Breathe."

My gasps were shallow and rapid, my head swimming. He held me, eyes urging me to copy the in and out of his relaxed breaths.

I gulped and tried, eyes locked on him and nothing else. My breaths slowed and the fears that drowned everything else dissipated. After a painful moment, my head rose above the water.

"Good," he said gently, his thumb stroking my jaw. "Now, repeat after me-everything is fine."

I licked my chapped lips. "Everything is fine."

The driver made a hard right, confirming that everything was not fine. But we did not crash into another car.

We had stopped.

The lights that flooded the car dimmed and I looked out the back window. Traffic zoomed past and for a second, I thought we had lost them-until I recognized one of the paparazzo's sedans shuddering at the curb a few feet away.

I turned back to the front, eyes shooting to the left and the right, taking in our dark surroundings. We were in the parking garage.

After the driver swiped his card and security validated his credentials, we pulled further into the structure, putting more distance between us and the cameras. My heart still raced, but I let out a sigh of relief as we drove upward. Each level slowly ticked by until I finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel.

A helicopter was perched on the roof, waiting in the middle of the parking lot. A beefy looking man stood beside it. The driver parked the car a few feet from the helicopter.

"Ready to go?" It was a rhetorical question because Jacob had already climbed out of the car. I had no choice but to follow.

I followed him, my heart rising in my throat when I met the eye of the driver. He waited for me to straighten myself, then dutifully extended my purse. I wanted to hug his neck, but he looked as rattled as me. I just thanked him, looping the purse strap over my shoulder. Jacob shook the driver's hand and paid him a tip that I hoped made up for our near death experience.

The burly man beside the helicopter wore a black t-shirt and matching slacks. Wind gusted around us and whipped his long, ink black hair in front of his chiseled face. It didn't hide dark eyes. They were piercing and bottomless. I had a feeling he could more than handle any paparazzo who might have followed us.

"Mr. Whitmore," he said gruffly. He nodded at me. "Signorina."

"How long until we arrive at the villa?" Jacob asked, tugging his tie loose.

"Thirty minutes, Mr. Whitmore. Unless there are other stops to be made."

"No," I said quickly, drawing surprised looks from both of them. My cheeks warmed as I pulled my jacket tighter around my body. "I just want to go home."

Jacob's lips curved into an approving smile. He knew I did not mean back home in the United States. Home was wherever he was.

He nodded at our escort. "No stops."

The dark haired man went to the front of the helicopter where the pilot was waiting.

Jacob extended his hand to me. "Ready?"

I took it, but my steps were hesitant. "I-I've never been in a helicopter."

"I'll be right beside you."

I put aside the nerves and gripped his hand as I followed him inside the helicopter. I ducked my head as I squeezed into the confined space. I listened intently as the pilot explained safety and illustrated how to buckle up properly. He handed Jacob and I headsets. I gingerly put mine on, reclaiming Jacob's hand immediately.

The entire helicopter vibrated, the propellers whirring. I could still hold a conversation with Jacob or one of the others, but I was too busy taking it all in. We flew over the city, the buildings like toys beneath us, the roads and cars microscopic. I could not pinpoint Rachel's hotel.

Ground zero, I thought glumly.

Maybe that was a good thing. This helicopter ride was one of the reasons I had been jittery with excitement when I first learned I was going to Italy. I was finally seeing the country from a view that photographs would not do justice. I was taking a step outside my comfort zone.

I squeezed Jacob's hand excitedly as the crystal water stretched on before us, the helicopter kissing the edge where historic buildings looked out into the blue. Sun sparkled like diamonds on the surface of the water.

"It's beautiful," I said, finally relaxing and remembering the beauty of this place instead of focusing on my colossal screw-up in front of the press.

"You're beautiful," Jacob said, looking at me like I gazed at the scenery. Like nothing on Earth was as beautiful or as precious to him.

Tears started in my chest, my heart filling with so much love for him. They pricked my eyes, and my nostrils flared as I tried to keep it together.

His face darkened with worry, misreading my reaction. "Are you all right?"

I leaned in, knowing the only way to calm his worries. My lips gripped his, tongue diving into his mouth with a hunger only he could sate. When I pulled back, lust swirled in his eyes.

"Kisses like that may get you in trouble," he said, need darkening every word. Promising me toe curling things.

I brought my hand to the erection tenting the crotch of his pants. "I'm counting on it."

Chapter Two

We touched down in knee high grass, Jacob's villa standing massive and beautiful on the lush Italian countryside. Once the helicopter powered down I could hear myself think, I sent Jacob a message with my eyes. The propellers and electronic whirring could no longer quiet the need that screamed in my head.

I wanted him.

The word 'want' did not do the desires inside me justice. I wanted to put my feet on solid ground. After five minutes in the air, oohing and aahing over architecture, I made the mistake of thinking about how far up we were. How far I had to fall if something terrible happened.

I brushed off the rush of discomfort, remembering that something terrible did happen. My boyfriend announced to the world that we were together, and when the paparazzi did the inevitable and asked an inappropriate question, I lost my shit. Jacob Whitmore dating a nobody was news. Jacob Whitmore dating a nobody that nearly punched out a photographer? That was gold.

Not now, I thought sternly, pushing aside the latest events of the crazy saga that my life had become. I was dating Jacob Whitmore, the drop dead gorgeous businessman, the only person from his field to be crowned People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive. The only guy that could bring me to the edge of beautiful, tear inducing pain-and make me beg for more. The only man that told me he loved me and unlocked some secret part of me; the hopeless romantic who believed in happily ever afters and thought maybe, just maybe, we could last forever.

Forever. That word was as heavy as the L word.

Before you start singing songs about going to the chapel and naming your future children, you should focus on now.

This moment. My hand in his, walking inside his breathtaking home.

Finally alone.

Jacob closed the door behind us. "Now about that kiss..."

He turned to face me, his bright eyes rounding with surprise. The tunic I'd worn was already flung across the room, the leggings next in line. I held his gaze, my fingers running down my fevered skin. Over my knees, skating my calves. I bent at the waist, loving the way his eyes shifted to my br**sts, caressing every contour.

When he spoke, his voice was low and dangerous.

"What are you doing?"

I kicked the leggings away, goosebumps rippling over me like wildfire. "I'm submitting to you." The only thing that kept me from being completely na**d were my bra and panties. I sunk to my knees, waiting expectantly.

He said nothing, his face impassive as his eyes slowly raked over my body.

Oh my god...my still clothed body! Memory pierced me and I shot back to our first encounter in his special BDSM room, in this very house. I had flaunted my lingerie then too and he had ordered me to remove it, showing him every part of me.

I reached around my back, unhooking my bra. I blushed from head to toe as I wiggled out of my thong. When I spied my clothes flung around so carelessly, I gathered them in my arms. I flashed him an apologetic smile that he did not return. Another thing I had forgotten. I felt just as embarrassed as I had then, crawling to pick up my hastily discarded clothing.

"Sorry," I said quickly, returning to my knees. I pushed away the punch of discomfort as my knees made contact with the hardwood floor. I looked up, expecting Jacob to bark out some command or smile with pleasure that I was ready to be his.

All his.

When he did not say a word, silently crossing his muscled arms against his chest, a fluttering erupted in my stomach.

I was na**d and on my knees, practically prostrating for him. Why had he not taken me?

He inhaled deeply, the exhale soundless. I bit my lip, my arms growing tired from the unnatural position. My knee caps were calling me all sorts of names.

What was he waiting for?

He finally spoke, his voice filling the empty room. "I'll ask you once more. What are you doing?"

I peered up at him in confusion. "What am I doing?" I felt the warmth of embarrassment flood me as his cool eyes waited for my response like he had all the time in the world. And he does. He's not the one kneeling on a hardwood floor!

My voice picked up some of the warmth that turned me beet red as my shame transformed into anger. "What am I doing?" When he didn't answer, or even register how upset I was, I faltered. "I'm...submitting?"

"Submitting?" His chuckle was dark and unnerving. Still, there was something about the danger in it that made me clench with want. Turned on by the fear.

"You walked through the door," he continued, circling me. "Stripped your clothes from your body-"

"And dropped to my knees," I cut in. I unhooked my arms from behind my back, holding them out in case he missed the gesture. "I was trying to show you I'm ready for you."

"But you're not ready for me." His tone was eerily calm, but his face was far from zen. Anger whipped across every feature, the lash of it making my throat knot.

"Five seconds ago, you interrupted me." His eyes narrowed in displeasure when my mouth opened defensively. "And even now, you're about to mouth off, aren't you?"

I snapped my lips together, swallowing my retort. Heck yeah, I was about to mouth off! I tried to be what he wanted me to be. What more could I do?

He took a step toward me, reaching out to fondle my curly tresses. "And now you chose to be silent-when I ask you to speak."

Before I could blink, he grabbed a fistful of hair, yanking my head backward. Tiny sparks of pain lit up my scalp.

"You want to submit to me?" he growled. "When I ask a question, you answer."

My nostrils flared defiantly, and his grip tightened.

"Okay!" I cried out, wincing. "I'll answer you."

His hold slackened, but his eyes were just as fierce and unyielding.

"I thought..." I trailed off, frustration building in my chest. With it came tears; tears I couldn't keep in my eyes. "I just wanted to do this for you."

His eyes softened. His fingertips moved to my cheek, brushing away my tears. "I know. And I'm trying to teach you. Rule number one: you are submitting to my will, not vice versa." He stroked my cheek. "You came in this house with one purpose: to f**k."

He swallowed, and the mask he wore was askew, showing me a man that was far from controlled. A man who wanted to ravage me. Needed to ravage me.

"Trust me Leila-I want to f**k you. There isn't a square inch of this home that I haven't thought of taking you on."

He cleared his throat, composing himself. Once he had put the wall back in place he held out his hand. I took it, letting him pull me to my feet.

"But here's the catch. I will be the one to tell you when to tear off every shred of clothing. I will order you to drop to your knees, open your mouth, and take every inch of me. I will have you, every which way I want you, because submission is about relinquishing control."

Tears evaporated, and my heart thumped in my throat. The way he said that word, 'mine', claiming me...it was like he was already inside of me. Thrusting so deep that he touched my very soul.

His fingers hooked my chin, holding my gaze steadily on his. I counted every blue swirl in his eyes, spinning, possessing me. I just wanted to dive deeper, to feel him so wholly, so completely, that there was no room for anything else.

His voice was as warm as a kiss. "Do you want to know what would have happened if things went differently and you submitted to me properly?"

I nodded slowly, my mouth dry as I hung on every word. Aching for him.

His fingers skimmed my jawline. He paused, then a single finger trailed down my neck.

"I would have told you to strip. Not in a hurry. Slowly."

He swooped over my collar bone. I didn't even know the collar bone could be an erogenous zone, but my body responded in kind. My ni**les swelled, delight echoing inside me. The heat of my juices seeped through my trembling folds, sweet as his touch.

"Do you know why I'd want you to take your time?"

"No," I whispered, gasping when his light touch deepened. He gripped my breast roughly, then reverted to the teasing, gentle strokes. Circling my nipple.

"Because I'd want you to feel my eyes on your body. See through my eyes. See how I see you. Beautiful and irresistible." He licked his lips as I sucked in a breath. "Delicious."

Delicious was right. He found the sweet spot between pain and pleasure, squeezing my peak until I swore I would come right where I stood. I closed my eyes, surrendering to him. Just as the pain edged up to the bliss and nearly surpassed it, he released, his fingertip swirling around my areola until my nipple begged for his brutal grip once more.

"Submission is trusting that your Dominant knows what's best for you. That he knows what you need-and when you need it." His finger lingered on the tip of my nipple, then he flicked it back and forth, watching my reaction. "It's knowing that all your wishes will come true in good time, because there's no way that I could be this close to you and not have you." His voice was thick, heavy with restraint. "Are you ready to submit to me?"

My eyes fluttered open. I had no idea what was in store, but I knew one thing without a shadow of a doubt.

I trusted him.

"Yes," I said, my voice filled with a surety that surprised both of us. "I'm ready."

His eyes flickered with excitement, his lips curving at the sides.

"Excellent." He combed his fingers through my hair. "You remember the color system?"

I nodded as a shiver of ecstasy rippled over me. "Green is more, yellow less. Red is stop."

"Good girl," he said, nodding with approval. "And you will do nothing without my permission-even cl**ax."

Rebellion streaked through my mind. With the way he looked at me, the way he touched me, he really thought I could hold on until he told me so?

Patience wasn't my strongest suit, but I was up for the challenge.

"Y-Yes."

His eyes burned holes into me. "Yes what?"

"Yes sir."

He took a step back, sending a pang of sadness through me. He was still close enough to touch, but I missed his hands on me. The agony from our last spanking flashed through my mind.

You may regret that thought.

"I want you on your hands and knees, ass toward me."

I gulped, ignoring the reservations. The spanking was one of the most erotic things I had ever experienced, but it was not all toe curling and gasping breaths. It was just as painful as it was pleasurable.

Fear crept down my spine. I should have known better. Challenging Jacob Whitmore did not come without consequences. Even with that rationalization, nothing prepared me for his hand colliding with my bare flesh.

I grit my teeth. The numbers were muffled, sandwiched between groans and moans. Each one set my ass on fire and lust fanned the flames until I was writhing. Rocking back into the lashes, all but saying, "More."

The strikes stopped at twenty, and I held twenty-one on the tip of my tongue, praying for another, and thanking God for a moment to breathe. And then the distinctive sound of a fly being unzipped filled the silence, and I knew we weren't done.

His hands were on my hips, his voice raw with desire. "Tell me what you need. Anything in this world...and I'll give it to you."

"You." I didn't even have to think about it. I knew my answer. He was the answer. "All I need is you."

He plunged into my warmth and I clutched his hardened length, claiming him just as he claimed me. Green was the word that spilled from my lips as he moved inside me.

Falling into his arms, falling into his bed, was easy. Holding back instead of surrendering to the cl**ax that was within reach? That was hard. As hard as every swollen inch that knocked all air from my lungs.

He gripped me, his thrusts fluid; a powerful dance that I was a slave to.

He commanded me to collide. To surrender. To feel.

"Come for me." His words were breathless and ragged. "I want to feel you melt around me."

With his permission, I released. Everything inside me let go. Every piece of the puzzle fell into place in perfect unison. The sounds I made were like none I had ever heard before as he unleashed inside me.

The thing he had done to me could not be undone. An irrefutable truth was spoken between us as he pulled me into his arms, both of us sweaty and breathless. Naked bodies curled on the hardwood floor.

I was made for him.

Chapter Three

I propped my chin on my palm, gazing at the beautiful man who laid beside me. Tangled up in covers, still fast asleep. I drew my gaze from the delicious part of him that was beneath the cotton sheet, the lengthy imprint of his c**k making my mouth water. The feel of him was still fresh in my mind. Fresh on my body. After we had caught our breath following our tryst in the foyer, we had barely taken a bite of lunch before he had decided he would rather taste me.

I sunk my teeth into my bottom lip, remembering the way I squealed when he picked me up like it was nothing. Legs dangling off the edge of the island. Cool granite beneath me. Heat roaring inside me.

I crept toward the cotton sheet, my fingers aching to touch him. One glance at his face made me pause. He was more serene than I had ever seen him, wrapped up in some dream. Even though I doubted he would turn down some morning loving, he looked too peaceful to disturb. Not the brutal businessman ready to decimate anyone or anything that crossed him. Not guarded and holding tight to his secrets.

I wiggled off the edge of the bed, pulling on one of his button-down shirts. I moved lazily down the steps, stomach grumbling.

"All right, all right," I yawned, pausing at the landing, stretching my arms toward the ceiling. Sunlight pushed through the sheer curtains, glittering on the hardwood floor. A very familiar space was highlighted, and my body hummed as images of being on my hands and knees blazed through my mind. Nails raking the floor. Body slick with sweat and want.

My stomach interrupted the delicious memory, reminding me that other hungers needed to be satisfied too. I succumbed, continuing the trek to the kitchen.

Jacob told me he gave the staff a few weeks off, but I could not tell that it had been nearly a month since the staff had walked the halls. The place was still spotless, not a single speck of dust anywhere despite the antique pieces that combined with shiny, modern chrome. The fridge and pantry were completely stocked. If we were suddenly hit with the apocalypse, I was sure we could survive on his current inventory for a couple of years at least.

I opened the refrigerator, skimming the contents. I could keep it simple and just do cereal and a banana. The decision was made and I scouted out the components needed. I remembered spotting the cereal beside the tortillas in the pantry. I zeroed in on the pitcher of milk on the bottom shelf of the refrigerator, hiding behind a carton of eggs. Humming to myself, I bent at the waist, stretching to retrieve it.

"Ahem."

A single word, wrapped in a female tone.

My fingers were still stretched toward the milk when it hit me.

I was bent over, Jacob's button down shirt riding up to my waist...and I did not have on any underwear.

I snapped upright, yanking my hand from the shelf-and brought the carton of eggs with me.

"Oh my God," I groaned, looking down at the mess of broken eggs at my feet. Feeling like a world class klutz, I turned to face the visitor, ready to apologize. When I met her gaze, I realized "I'm sorry" was not going to cut it.

The woman had a look of pure disgust on her face. She towered above me, dark eyes burning like coals against her caramel hued skin. Her eyes matched her hair, splashes of gray streaking through her locks. She might have been beautiful if her pretty features were not weighed down by her frown and liberally arched eyebrows.

Her red lips curdled as she crossed her arms. "Who are you?"

I gulped, still recovering from the fact that she had just gotten an eyeful of my vagina. "I'm-" I stopped, frowning. Wait a second. Why was I about to apologize to her? And who was I? Who was she? I may have been dressed in a man's shirt, showing parts of my body that only lovers and my mother had seen, but I gathered what was left of my dignity.

"Who are you?" I countered, buttoning the shirt and stood tall.

Her eyes did not warm in the slightest, and her silence was unnerving-as was her beauty.

She was statuesque, clad in a black blazer and a matching shirt beneath. Bootcut jeans skated her trim legs and her feet were wrapped in leather stilettos. Not that she needed them. I guessed she was at least 5'9 without them.

I guessed she was late thirties, but when she took a step closer, I saw crows feet around her coal-colored eyes. There was something in those dark eyes, and in the way she held herself that told me she had experienced things that made me guess she was closer to mid to late forties.

She advanced once more. I backed up, crying out as my foot crushed one of the few surviving eggs. Tiny pricks erupted along the sole of my feet, matching the daggers she flung my way. My indignation turned to goo, just like the slimy guts from the eggs smeared on the floor.

You still don't know who she is. You belong here. She could be a burglar for all you know. A very stylish burglar, who knew the alarm code, or else it would have been blaring. Even though Jacob kept a lot of the old charm of the place, the estate was still gated, and he had a top of the line security system installed.

My memory connected the dots, recalling Jacob's brief orientation when I asked about the staff. He only maintained a couple of people to take care of the house. He employed a maid, a chef for special events, a groundskeeper, and a house manager. Since he rarely made it out to the estate, they treated Jacob's home as their home, with freedom to roam about the house as they saw fit.

Most wealthy guys probably would not even know their staff's names, but not Jacob. He told me about the maid, Blanka Dvorak, a college student in Venice and emigrated from the Czech Republic. The chef, Francois Armand, was from France and one of the few people Jacob admitted was a better cook than he was. The groundskeeper, Mark Blount, had a passion for writing and told fantastical stories about his travels in Europe.

When I asked about the house manager, the light in Jacob's eyes dimmed. After some prodding, he told me she was a local. When I asked if she was a friend of Allegra's, he quickly changed the subject. When I asked how I would know her, he had snorted and replied, "That won't be a problem.".

"You're the house manager, aren't you?" I said gingerly, fairly certain I was spot on. Who else would know the alarm code and march in like she owned the place? " Isabella."

Her eyebrows leapt in surprise. She was only caught unaware for a moment, however. She raised her chin a few inches and her eyes hardened to obsidian.

"You can address me as Ms. Moretti." One side of her mouth twitched disapprovingly when I didn't respond. "And who are you?"

"Leila," I answered, pulling down the shirt. It was a futile gesture. It rode right back up. "Leila Montgomery."

"Ah." Isabella stepped around me, eyeing the damage. "I'm assuming you're a...guest of Jacob's?"

The way she said it made me blush all over again at her emphasis on guest. I did not know what it was about this woman that made me feel like I was two feet tall and out of place, but I pushed the nerves aside.

"I wasn't aware that you'd be back today," I said.

"And I wasn't aware that Jacob talked to his guests about the house staff." She removed her blazer, turning on her heels, then marched to a small closet beside the pantry. She came back with a bucket and rags, walking right past me like I was not even there.

"I'm Jacob's girlfriend." The word sent goosebumps prickling all over me. It was the first time I had said it out loud, and it just felt...right. And empowering.

I angled toward her, finding my spine but words failed me when she squatted in her skinny jeans and stilettos like it was nothing. She went to work on the mess, without another word to me.

My mess.

I scanned the kitchen for paper towels, springing to action. Armed with a roll of Bounty, I turned back to the refrigerator. "Let me help you with that."

"I'm perfectly capable of taking care of it," she said brusquely, tossing me a look that nearly put me six feet under before she went back to scooping up yolk and egg fragments. She muttered something in Italian, and I did not need to be fluent to know she was grumbling about me.

I had a choice. I could do what she clearly expected and go away, leaving her to clean it. Flit away and sunbathe; check my phone and drink mimosas-or I could do what was right.

I made a mess, and I was perfectly capable of cleaning it up.

I got down on my hands and knees and started wiping. She eyeballed me, the heat of her gaze morphing from one of bemusement to one of annoyance.

After a few minutes of silence and almost an entire roll of paper towels, the floor was spotless and shining. I stood up first, offering my hand. She looked at it like it was poison and gripped a neighboring stool instead.

Her brush off stung, but I forced cheer in my voice. Kill her with kindness, Lay.

"Maybe this time the eggs will actually make it to the pan," I joked.

She blocked my path, flicking her bangs from her eyes. "Jacob's guests don't cook."

I clenched my teeth, struggling to keep my cool. I tried to hold onto the fact that I had to share a roof with this woman, repeating it like a mantra until it stuck.

"Well, I'm not Jacob's guest. I'm his girlfriend. And I make a killer plate of scrambled eggs." I held back the attitude that itched to break free, turning to the cabinet for dishes since she was guarding the refrigerator. "Okay...you whisk, I scramble?"

"Do you think you're special?"

I gripped the handle of the frying pan, the question bringing fresh hurt from battling Rachel and my own insecurities to the surface. Her seething dislike of me shone a light on the part of me that worried the world would take one look at me and ask the same thing. That they would laugh at me as they answered with a resounding "No." They would wield evidence to support their belief that I was just a phase; Jacob had dated drop dead, gorgeous celebrities and socialites, and he was trying something new by dating Jane Nobody.

And just like the rest, he would toss me aside once he got bored, or something better came along.

I would become just another guest.

My throat constricted. There was a reason this woman insisted on calling me a guest. I was disposable. Temporary. My fingertips grazed the wrinkled shirt I wore. How many pulled on his crumpled button down shirts after a night of screaming his name in this very house?

I glanced at Isabella, my heart sinking. One side of her mouth curled with satisfaction. She got her wish; the same thing all bullies hoped for-power.

The smile changed when she looked past me.

"Bambino!" she cooed, her chilly exterior changing instantly. I turned to the doorway, watching in shock as they embraced. He murmured something to her, eyes closed.

They clearly had a history and from the way his eyes flew open when he remembered me and quickly extricated himself, it was not something he wanted to talk about. He raked a hand through his sleep mussed hair.

"Good morning, Leila."

I eyed them suspiciously. I knew who she was, but it was a little weird that he was not going to do an introduction-especially since he had hugged her like they were seeing each other for the first time in years. "Good morning."

The faintest show of embarrassment darkened his cheeks. He cleared his throat, looking around. "Any coffee yet?"

Isabella sighed with frustration. "Your guest-"

"I am not a guest!" I said shrilly, clenching both hands into fists.

The exclamation was followed by silence, both of them whipping to face me.

Jacob squinted in confusion. He looked at me, then Isabella. "Is everything all right?"

Isabella glowered at me whenever he looked in my direction, smoothing it over when his eyes fell on her. I wanted nothing more than to tell Jacob how rude she had been, but I was no tattletale. I fought my own battles.

"Everything's fine," I said with a tight smile to go with my taut nerves.

All of a sudden Isabella acted like making breakfast was her idea, rounding up the eggs and swiping the bag of coffee beans.

Jacob strode to the island, leaning against it casually, but his eyes studied me. He knew me, and he knew I wasn't being honest. After I pecked him on the cheek and slid onto the stool beside him, he dropped the investigation.

"So I take it the two of you are acquainted?" he mused.

Isabella cracked an egg with a flourish. "I'll have to ask Blanka to come in the morning since I wasn't aware that your guest-"

"She's not my guest, Bella," Jacob corrected gently. "Leila is my girlfriend." He threaded his fingers through mine and brought my hand to his lips. The kiss was a whisper on my skin, echoing over me when I met his eyes. They were filled with stars, each one shining for me. The light pierced through the dark, bursting through my doubts. How could I hold onto my reservations, my worries when he was looking at me like I was the only girl in the world?

I cut my eyes over to Isabella, wanting to flash her a smug little smirk of my own, but she was not glaring at us with disapproval. The look she wore was a pained one, agony pulling her skin tight over her perfect bone structure.

Jacob's face clouded when he saw my surprise, glancing over his shoulder at Isabella.

Catching herself, she turned from both of us.

Jacob pushed from the counter. "Isabella, are you-"

"Since she's not a guest," Isabella interrupted, whisking the eggs furiously, "I assume she can help me with breakfast?"

"How about both of us help?" Jacob said. He leaned toward her like he was about to tell her a secret. "Trust me, I've had her eggs."

"Hey!" I elbowed him playfully, holding my smile until he stepped away to gather ingredients. I stole a look at Isabella, but she caught me and flashed a smile that almost looked real.

It was too little too late. She clearly had a problem with me and Jacob.

Not Jacob, I corrected silently. She has a problem with you.

Great.

Chapter Four

I folded my legs beneath me, staring at the screen of the iPad. Gmail was up, a new message waiting to be penned. I started typing the email address of my best friend, Megan Scott. I only had to tap out the first two letters before her information popped up.

My inbox was filled with email conversations spanning the length of our friendship. From reflective emails sent during freshman year and nervous jitters over my first college party; to crying into the keyboard as she consoled me after my first heartbreak and musings on life after college. Megan had always been the one person I could tell anything. My secret keeper, my loudest cheerleader, my sister even though we didn't share blood.

I had only managed to send her a clipped text before Jacob whisked me away to Italy a few weeks ago. So much had happened since I climbed on that jet. There was so much I wanted to say-but I just stared at the screen, not sure where to begin.

I put the cursor in the body of the email, the blinking an indicator of the moments lost. I could write paragraphs on how the air was different in Venice. How every street called to me, promising adventure and history as brightly colored as the buildings that surrounded me. I could type until my fingers cramped telling her about the amazing museums. The Palazzo Ducale with its over the top architecture, the Galleria dell' Academia with its paintings. St Mark's Square...and how I nearly went into cardiac arrest when I was charged thirty euros, around 41 dollars, for a latte and scone. I could even flesh out the quiet moments when I just paused, in awe that this was my life.

I drew my hands from the keyboard. Negativity was becoming uncomfortably familiar, settling over me like a wet blanket. It soured the happy memories. I glanced around, shaking my head. I was staying in a multi-million dollar villa in Italy, lounging near the pool; not to mention the fact that there was a guy upstairs who loved me. Instead of basking in that, I was stuck beneath a storm cloud, unable to enjoy the sun shining down on me and the birds whistling in the trees.

I could not shake the feeling that there had to be a catch.

There's your opening. You don't have to say any more than that. Any more than the truth.

But I could not make myself plunk out the letters. Not after her flabbergasted response when I told her I was being whisked away to Italy in the first place.

The phone buzzed on the bedside table, snapping me from sleep. I let out a groan, considering ignoring it since it was probably my mother calling for the umpteenth time, fan-girling over me and Jacob's trip abroad.

Business and a little bit of pleasure, I thought mischievously, remembering the note Jacob left after our argument on the plane. I had put my self out there, heart on the line, and he shut me down. But he didn't leave it that way.

I opened my eyes, his letter fresh in my mind. Words crisp and clear, even if his mixed signals were confusing.

Be patient.

The phone stopped humming. I turned to the wall, drawing a pillow to my chest. I wondered what he was doing at this very moment. I wondered-

My phone started going off again-and patience was no longer an option. I rolled over, snatching the phone to my ear. "Mom, I don't know what time it is there, but here-"

"I'm not your mother."

Not Mom-but the deep, northern accent was still familiar. Megan. My partner in crime. My bestie. The girl whom I could count on to help me bury any skeletons in my closet. But presently, she sounded like the only person she wanted to bury was me.

"Megan." I pulled into a seated position, folding my feet beneath me. "How's it going?"

"How's it going?" she repeated, her voice rising. I pictured her in her living room of her studio, pacing back and forth as she fiddled with one of her fiery red strands. "You don't text me that you're leaving the freaking country with Jacob Whitmore then ignore the ensuing freakout!"

Freakout was right. She'd left a series of texts, each one composed of question marks spilling down the page.

"We've been busy," I lied. "I was going to call you once we got settled."

"We?"

I blushed, lowering my voice like he was in the room with me. "I meant I. Me. Not we."

"Yeah right," she scoffed. "I'm happy for you, Lay. But I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried. Jacob Whitmore isn't just any guy. This whole situation is kinda insane."

My nostrils flared indignantly. The last person I expected to say Jacob and I were ill-paired was my best friend. "Don't worry about me, Meg. I can take care of myself."

"Not with someone like him, I...I don't want him to break your heart."

I discarded the empty message. With a level head, I knew her words were innocent enough. Jacob Whitmore had a reputation of being a playboy. Even though I knew he only had a D/s relationship with a couple of women before me, he was no monk in the romance department.

Magazines were filled with pictures of him with some Glamazon on his arm. When the relationships dissolved, the gorgeous women were given space to air their grievances. None of them had trash talked Jacob or given any details on why they were no longer with him. They shrugged it off, chalking it up to busy schedules and growing apart. But their tight little grins matched the chill in their eyes. They had become a statistic. A notch on his bedpost. Deep down, they hoped they would be the exception to the rule...and he had broken their hearts.

I knew I needed to get this out of my system. I needed her to tell me I was wrong; that I was different-but I was not willing to risk her saying the opposite.

I pushed my shades to the bridge of my nose, trying to pretend the sting in my eyes was the sun and not tears brimming the edges. As nice as it was to be in this beautiful place and have someone order me not to worry about price tags, I was not there for the glitz and glamour. None of it would mean anything without him.

He was the thing I couldn't lose.

"And you won't have to lose him," I said aloud, my voice firm. He let me in; opened up to me when he only let others peer through the iron wrought gates. He made me happier than anyone before...and I made him happy too. I saw it in the way he looked at me.

There is no catch. You deserve this, dummy!

I refreshed the page. That was exactly what I needed to say.

The page reloaded, and the first name in my inbox turned the blood in my veins to ice.

Not her.

Not Rachel.

But what other Rachel Laraby could it be? There was only one.

The one that tried, and nearly succeeded, in her efforts to ruin me. Who poked and prodded me until I was ready to throw away a career in public relations before it even began.

She blackmailed me, using my love of Jacob to weasel her way back into his life. She had even used suicide as a last ditch effort to prove that while I was with Jacob, the world still revolved around her.

My fingers itched to grip the edge of the iPad and put it to sleep. Hell, I was even entertaining the thought of hurling it into the pool. But there was no point in acting like I was going to do the smart thing and send the email directly to the trash, where it belonged.

My finger drew up, hovering at the message line. There was no subject. Of course she wouldn't accurately label it as,"My Latest Attempt to Break-up You and Jacob".

It still floored me that someone that had everything was so utterly miserable. Rachel Laraby was America's sweetheart and the critic's darling, even when she dabbled in grimace inducing romcoms. Despite multiple stints in rehab, producers still clamored to have her in their films...and audiences rushed to the cinema to see every single one.

She could have anything in the world-except Jacob.

And it drove her crazy.

Just remember that. Nothing she says can change the fact that he chose you.

Feeling a little stronger, I clicked on the message. I frowned when it was not what I expected, some bitter diatribe about how she belonged with Jacob; nor was it a reiteration that I was different from anyone he had ever dated before and once the novelty wore off, he would drop me like a bad habit.

Shockingly, she'd spared me the drawn-out diss, condensing it to two sentences:

Found this and thought it was pretty spot-on. I didn't have to lift a single finger to destroy you...you did a fantastic job all by yourself.

Below that, there was a link. When I saw the URL of a popular gossip blog, my heart dropped to my stomach. My hand trembled as I clicked the link, knowing it had to be bad, or Rachel wouldn't bother.

I gasped when the page loaded. My picture screeched from the screen, stricken with fear and anger. My brown eyes were double their normal size, wide and crazed. My hair looked like I had just been doused with static electricity, chocolate brown curls standing at end.

My mouth...oh God, my mouth.

My lips were spread in an open cry, strings of saliva glittering from my teeth to my bottom lip. I looked deranged. The picture could easily terrify small children.

But the terrible picture was not what made me feel nauseous.

The headline read, "First Look: Jacob Whitmore's New Squeeze is...you tell us!>"

"Oh no," I whispered, squeezing my eyes shut.

I had seen stories like this before. The blog author solicited input and their readers were more than willing to oblige. They filled in the blanks, tearing into whatever poor soul was featured. I was embarrassed to admit I'd scanned the comments, chuckling at some and shaking my head at others. People could be cruel, but it was always in good fun, right?

Don't read it. Don't read it. Don't read it!

But I'd already found the comments section.

-The ugliest thing I've ever seen.

-Terrifying!

-After his money, obvs.

-Probably really good on her knees. Why else would he be with her?

It wasn't so amusing when my face was on the dart board.

Chapter Five

Grinning and bearing it was going to be the death of me.

The taxi pulled to a stop, engine still running. My nails cut into my thighs, a futile attempt at calming my nerves. It just magnified the tremors, making my teeth chatter.

Jacob leaned forward, murmuring to the driver. My Italian was spotty, and I did not understand their exchange, but when Jacob reached for the door, the meaning came through loud and clear. There would be no more putting it off; no stay of execution. I would actually have to get out of the car and pretend I did not want to hole up in the villa until the world moved onto the next celebrity scandal. I had to sell the lie I had been telling Jacob, and myself: That I was okay.

"Ready?" he asked, blue eyes flashing over to me.

I cleared my face of all signs that I was not remotely prepared and gave him an awkward nod. It helped that my oversized shades shielded my eyes from his view. I glanced at my reflection in the window. My curly hair was tucked under a silk scarf, and the collar of my trench coat was popped.

It was painfully ironic that I always smirked at celebrities in disguises; XXL shades and hoodies, trying to be incognito. Loss of anonymity was the price paid of a life in the public eye-but now that photographers camped at Jacob's property line, eager to find out more about his dumpy, possibly disturbed girlfriend, I saw why celebrities went bat shit on the paparazzi. I had retreated into the house like a recluse, stealing peeks between the blinds and jumping at every creak and sound.

Jacob had work that prevented him from seeing me at my craziest, but when he asked me to join him for a meal in the city, I had almost broken down. Before he personally ended every person outside with a camera in their hands, I had told him I was fine. Pulled my lips into a smile and said a day in the city was exactly what I needed.

I stepped out of the car, my legs still liquid with fear. I debated hopping back in and telling the driver to make a getaway while we still could. One look at Jacob and I felt guilty for entertaining the thought. Cowardly. He had no disguise. In fact, he looked genuinely excited, scanning the cobblestone street. Not for people lurking in the shadows, but in quiet awe of the beauty around us.

He pointed at the building behind us. "Allegra used to live in an apartment up on the sixth floor."

I followed his line of sight, my heart leaping in my chest when I saw a flash. I let out a sigh of relief when I looked closer and realized it was a sun catcher, not a camera flash.

I covered my momentary freakout, looping my arm through his. "Is Al joining us?"

He shook his head, guiding us toward the back entrance of the cafe. "She couldn't get away. She sends her love though and wants to meet up for coffee while we're still in the city."

"I'd love that," I said truthfully. I had only known Allegra De Luca for a few weeks, but we'd been fast friends. She was the first person I had met that gave it to Jacob straight. Completely unfiltered.

When I first met Allegra and saw them together, it was the first time I had seen any playfulness in the billionaire. He had laughed with her, turning into a man that was nothing like the cool businessman I was acquainted with.

But Jacob and Allegra had a complicated past. Jacob's father, Carlton Whitmore, was a popular actor in the seventies and came to Venice for movie projects. He had fallen for Allegra, the one woman immune to his charms. Despite her best efforts to avoid her attraction to the married, notorious womanizer, she succumbed.

As if cheating on his wife was not bad enough, Carlton made his son part of the betrayal, bringing him to Venice on his summer vacation. Jacob had fond memories of 'Aunt Al', sharing stories of riding his bike through the Italian countryside. Exploring the city with his summer family.

Allegra grew tired of waiting for Carlton to leave his wife and ended the relationship, devastating Carlton and driving him back to his wife. Instead of taking advantage of his second chance, Carlton was even crueler to his wife and son, blaming them for losing Allegra.

Jacob could have resented Allegra for the effect her relationship had on his family, but he found her years later and they built a friendship not built on secrets and stolen moments.

While I didn't agree with the circumstances that led to her being a part of Jacob's life, I couldn't dislike Allegra if I tried. She had a big heart. She didn't judge me for my quick promotion. She single-handedly pulled me back from the ledge when I was tempted to knock out Rachel Laraby. And she believed in my relationship when I worried I had screwed things up irreparably by lying to Jacob.

And if she was here now, she'd make walking through the door a little easier, I thought glumly, gripping Jacob's arm as an older gentleman opened the back door.

The man before us was barely five feet tall and probably a hundred pounds soaking wet, but he held himself like a gladiator about to make his name in the coliseum. He was dressed modestly in a t-shirt and vest, tufts of gray hair sticking out from his newsboy cap.

"Signor Whitmore." His gravelly voice matched his tough exterior, but his fierce, sun weathered face softened as his lips spread into a grin. "Everything is ready for you."

"Grazie, Giancarlo," Jacob said, returning the smile. He looked down at me, blue pools caressing my nerves until I stopped shaking. "This is my Leila."

My Leila. My cheeks burning with a heat that left no part of me untouched.

Giancarlo removed his hat, nodding. "Signorina. Giancarlo Fignorino, at your service."

"It's nice to meet you," I said softly, still tingling from the way Jacob turned my name into the sweetest thing I had ever heard.

"Shall we?"

Jacob held the door for us, and I followed Giancarlo into the restaurant. The smell of baking bread wrapped around me like a warm blanket, and I inhaled, taking off my shades.

"It smells delicious," I said, mouth watering. We stepped into the kitchen. The cook acknowledged us with a slight nod, then went back to work. The kitchen was rustic with a charm that reminded me of the simplicity of my grandmother's kitchen. It was welcoming. Relaxing. I knew every dish that was served was made with care and heart.

Giancarlo stopped beside the oven, cutting into a slice of bread wrapped in a towel. He brought it over to me.

"For you."

I brought it to my lips and took a bite, rosemary and butter colliding on my tastebuds. I let out a moan that summed up how delicious it was, better than any words could have.

"Careful-you'll make me jealous," Jacob joked.

"Try this." I held it to his lips.

He took a bite, chewing it slowly. When he finished, he nodded in agreement. "We'll take a loaf of that."

"Benissimo," Giancarlo said. He turned to the cook and spoke a few words before leading us out into the dining room.

It was as quaint as the kitchen. It was not like we were at a restaurant at all, but guests at Giancarlo's home. I looked at the other patrons, all enjoying their meals and chattering excitedly. I relaxed, glad I left the house.

"This is nice," I said softly as Giancarlo pulled out a chair for me.

"I wouldn't steer you wrong," Jacob said smoothly. He picked up the bottle of red wine at the center of the table and poured it into my glass. He wisely filled it as much as possible while allowing it room to breathe.

I settled in my seat, preparing to remove my scarf. Glad for a little bit of normal. But a flash of light sliced through the moment, reminding me that we could not enjoy a meal out, even here.

Giancarlo's face darkened with anger as he excused himself and stormed out the front door. He stared down every single one off them, even though the jerkiest of the bunch still had their cameras going, ignoring the terse words he spat at them.

The older man came back inside the restaurant, a weary look on his face. "I'm sorry. They can't come indoors, but I can't stop them from taking the pictures from outside."

"It's all right, Giancarlo," Jacob said, taking a tight sip of his wine. "We just want to enjoy our meal. We're sorry to inconvenience you."

"You are no inconvenience," Giancarlo said furtively. "I will check on your bread."

I gulped down the wine, ignoring the droplets that spilled down my chin. I focused on the body of the wine. I squeezed my eyes shut, like that would make it go away.

I popped a single eye open when the flow stopped. I had run out of wine. I put the glass down and reached for the bottle, my hand trembling. Jacob covered my shaking hand with his steady one, his voice low and comforting.

"Let me."

He poured the remainder of the wine in my glass and signaled for a second bottle.

I looked at the tablecloth, my cheeks burning as dark as the merlot. "I probably shouldn't. It's not even five."

"Nonsense," he interrupted. "This is Venice. The appropriate time to drink is whenever you feel the urge."

I tucked a rebel tendril back beneath my scarf. "That could be...dangerous."

When I finally met his eyes, I knew that he saw right through my sad effort to pretend I was okay.

"Are you ready to be honest with me?"

I licked my dry lips, cringing inwardly at the slice of pain as my tongue hit the chapped surface. I tried to sit up a little taller, fighting to keep eye contact with him and not the window behind him. The photographers were still clicking away.

"I'm not sure what you mean," I said, gripping the arms of my chair.

"You're not nearly as good a liar as you think, Leila." Jacob stroked the stem of his wine glass, lighting an erotic fire in my belly. I wanted to surrender to that-anything but the truth. But Jacob was not letting me off so easy.

"I know you're stressed out about the paparazzi. What I don't know is why you won't talk to me about it."

"Right," I scoffed at that. "What do you want me to say, Jacob? That I'm paranoid? Trapped in a constant state of nervousness?"

"Sure."

I jutted out my chin. "I don't want to talk about who weak I am or how crazy this is making me." I pulled the knot that held my curly locks at bay, tossing the silk onto the table with disgust. What was the point? They knew who I was.

I unbuttoned my coat, angrily pulling my arms free. "You're not fazed by any of this. What good is moaning and complaining?"

"Because this is as big a culture shock to you as going to a foreign country," he replied, leaning back in his chair. "You shouldn't be ashamed, Leila. Hell, if you didn't go a little crazy with all of this, I would have been a little leery. There's a certain kind of person that thrives under nonstop attention-and that's not the kind of person I'm interested in sharing my life with."

My lips worked, but no words came out. I was genuinely surprised he wasn't giving me the 'man up' speech.

He leaned back in his seat. "My earliest memory of the paparazzi is going shopping with my mother." He paused, eyes flitting to the tablecloth like he had second thoughts about a walk down Memory Lane before he focused back on me.

Always the pillar of strength. Ready to take anyone or anything on.

"The nanny was sick, and my father was out of the country, so she had no choice but to bring me along," he continued. "I had my coloring books, so I was good to go. It was even a little fun, watching how happy it made her the more stops we made. The way her face brightened when she stood in front of the mirror and took her reflection in.

When we left the last store, there were a group for men with cameras, creating a barrier between us and the car. The driver was out, trying to make his way to us, but there were too many photographers. I gripped my mother's hand just as a question rang out above the others: Where's Carlton, Alicia? Is he with one of his whores?"

I shook my head with disgust. "I'm so sorry Jacob." We were in the publicity business, and paps who went too far were part of the package-it still didn't make those that forgot about the innocents on the other end of their harassment any less of an ass**le.

He shrugged a shoulder, almost selling the nonchalance, but I knew him. Despite his act of indifference, I saw that the experience scarred him.

"I was only six or seven, but I was afraid. It's natural to be afraid that those flashes reveal things you don't want to be revealed. They peer into dark places that you'd rather not bring to light." He let out a bitter laugh. "And there are some photogs who would sell their kidney for a top dollar shot." He reached for my hand. "I am truly sorry that you can't enjoy your time here without wearing a disguise."

"Well, eventually they'll find something more interesting than me stuffing my face with food, right?" I said with a weak smile.

"Absolutely," he said firmly. "It will get better, Leila."

I clung to his hand, wanting to believe it. Needing to believe it.

Chapter Six

I stood at a safe distance from the windows, clutching my jacket tight around my body.

Jacob came back inside, locking the door behind him. "All's clear."

I eyeballed him skeptically. "There's no photographers outside?"

He had abided my paranoia all afternoon, allowing me to squeeze his hand like a woman in labor and peeking over my shoulder every five seconds to ensure we did not have a tail.

It made conversation over lunch awkward to say the least. When he asked me if I just wanted to go home, I barely let him get it out before I said yes. Hurt darkened his gaze and he had said few words to me since, barely acknowledging my request for him to do a sweep of the property to make sure no one was hiding behind his perfectly landscaped hedges.

But his patience had limits.

He zeroed in on me, bright blue eyes narrowed and annoyed. "Generally, when someone says all clear, that means all is clear."

I knew I should have apologized for second guessing him, especially considering he'd opened up to me, sharing a painful memory involving the paparazzi in an effort to let me know he understood where I was coming from. But he did not understand. Not really.

I bristled at his otherwise calm demeanor. He was completely unfazed...while I was quickly losing my mind.

I put a hand on my hip, glaring right back. "Maybe being stalked is business as usual for Jacob Whitmore, but I assure you it is maddening for a normal person."

"Normal?" He arched an eyebrow, not saying a word for a long moment.

He snapped his fingers and I gasped at the unexpected sound, my heart skipping a beat.

"If you think it's normal to be so on edge that you jump out of your skin when I snap my fingers, you are mistaken."

I flipped my hair over my shoulder, masking my nervousness with a scoff. "You've been living with this your whole life. This is a whole new world for me."

I turned in a circle, remembering the first time I walked through the door of the villa, doing the exact same spin. I had been in awe of the beauty of this place. The exposed wooden beams. The priceless vases and paintings. The effortless style that came easily to someone that had no budget.

Jacob's villa was just as beautiful and breathtaking as before, but I was not wide eyed and innocent nor oblivious to what it all meant. Jacob and I were from totally different worlds.

"Tell me what's going on in your head." His deep voice roped me in, drawing me from my thoughts. Out of the clutches of fear. Face to face with the eyes I could not hide from.

"I'm just tired," I said, walking past him toward the stairs. "I think I need a nap."

"Do not mistake my tone for weakness."

When I faced him, I knew I was in trouble.

His tie was balled in his fist, his kissable lips a brutal line of disapproval. He tilted his chin downward and dark hair swept across his forehead. His icy eyes held me in place.

"I asked you a question. I expect an answer."

Indignation flared in my cheeks. Were we really doing this now? "Is this some BDSM thing? Because I can tell you right now-"

"You forget your place, Miss Montgomery," he said coolly. "Don't worry-that's why I 'm here. I know what you want. What you need."

"What I need is..."

He released the hold on his tie, blood red silk dripping to the floor as he advanced. The look in his eye was one of carnal hunger. A look that rendered me unable to say anything but a single word.

"I..."

The smell of cloves, mint and his natural musk filled my nostrils. His eyes stripped me down and I quivered for him, brought alive and he had not even touched me. Oh, but he would-and he would make me regret crossing him...in the most delicious way.

"Turn around."

His deep command went unchallenged, my heart quickening in my chest as I turned my back to him. The heat, the unbridled need he stoked in me, was enough to bring the fireplace before me cackling to life. He had an uncanny ability to make me moist with desire with a single look. To make me melt completely with the slightest touch.

Touch...I held my breath, waiting anxiously for him to touch me. To rake his fingers over my hot flesh. To spank me until the embers were flames that consumed me in equal parts pleasure and pain.

I knew he was close. My body hummed with the nearness of him. Yearned for him. But he denied me.

"Jacob?" I murmured, my eyes fluttering closed. Saying his name like a prayer.

"Tell me what's going on in your head."

"I want you," I said instantly, words flowing out of my mouth. "I want you so badly that I...it's physically painful to stand here and not see you. Not touch you."

A moment passed, my revelation hanging in the air.

"Put your arms behind your back," he ordered, his voice low and enticing.

I tensed, but obeyed, placing one hand on top of the other, arms locked behind me.

I sucked in a breath when he touched me, electricity shooting through my body. The current intensified as a soft material caressed my wrists, then gripped them tight. He was securing my hands behind my back with his tie.

The unnatural feel of being bound and completely in the dark about what he had planned sent lust pooling in my panties. I was sopping wet, waiting with bated breath for what came next.

His fingers weaved in my curly hair, removing the clip that held the locks at the nape of my neck. He swept them over my shoulder, and I bit my lip to hold in a squeal of delight when he gripped my zipper. I had wondered about the function of a dress with a zipper that ran from top to bottom, but at the moment, I was considering sending the designer a thank you card.

My breaths were shallow, each one shuddering as I fought to keep it together. I knew there was beauty in the buildup, but I just wanted him to rip my dress off and thrust inside me, balls deep.

His fingers traced the seam of my spine with his finger, stopping at the bundle at my wrists.

"Spread your legs," he said, his deep voice hypnotic.

My pulse beat wildly as I took two steps out, making a V with my legs.

"Wider."

I obeyed. The crotch of my damp panties flush against my hot skin. I barely caught my moan before it spilled from my lips. I knew this was meant to punish me, and if he realized I loved every minute of it, he could stop. And I did not want him to stop-not until I melted around him.

He caught the muted notes of my moan, chuckling softly.

"Don't hold back. I don't intend to."

I gasped as he swung an arm around my waist and pulled my body back against his. I groaned with want as I felt the hardened length of him. He answered by pulling up the front of my dress, cupping my sex through my panties. His lips were on my ear, brushing them as I writhed against him.

"Tell me what's going through your head, Leila," he breathed seductively. "Tell me what you want."

"Touch me," I whined. "Please touch me."

I felt his lips curl with pleasure, the smile hot against the nape of my neck. He loved taking me to the edge. Making me beg.

"I am touching you."

"Inside," I whispered hotly. "I want your hand inside my panties."

His fingers pulsed at my slit. "Is that right?"

"Please Jacob." He did not have to listen. He was in charge, and I was completely at his mercy. But I held my breath, savoring the feel of his arousal pressed against me. It was proof that he was just as starved. Just as close to the edge-and ready to free us both.

His fingers slid inside my panties, finally rewarding me with the skin to skin contact I craved. I was dizzy with pleasure; spread eagled, putty in his hands.

He lingered like he was savoring the feel of my gushing need, coating his thick, sure digits. When I let out a jagged sigh, he plunged into me.

My body wrapped around him, letting out a sigh of pleasure of its own that built into moan after moan as he drove in and out of my warmth. Conscious thought was impossible. I was all feelings; wet and insatiable, needing more of this place where nothing existed in the whole world except for us.

"You're so beautiful," he breathed in my ear, rhythm quickening. "Spreading yourself for me. Submitting to me."

His other hand crept upward from my waist, stopping when it found my breast. He gripped it, adding gasoline to the fire that threatened to devour me.

"You remember the rule," he said huskily, not slowing. giving me no reprieve from the maddening pleasure. "No coming until I say so."

I let out a mewl, wanting him to take me before I exploded. It was a low, pleading thing that made his already hardened c**k nearly rip his pants and claim me all on its own. But his fingers weren't done. They moved inside me, exploring my wet, juicy core. My body made sounds that went well with my moans that poured from my open mouth.

My knees twitched, keeping my legs apart and spread at the unnatural angle too much. Just as they buckled, he swept me into his arms, taking me away from the mantle.

I pouted inwardly, almost wishing I was back in front of the fireplace; legs spread wide, moments away from crumbling to the floor. Anything for more of his fingers.

One look at him and I knew I was right where I was supposed to be-and that he had other parts of himself that he wanted to plunge inside me.

He stopped at the couch, releasing me. My hands were still bound, and I peered at him, confused. He forced me to turn back around, pushing me down...and over the arm of the chair.

I knew what was coming-and I just could not help myself.

Right there-dress hanging haphazardly on my body, breathing ragged, ass in the air-I let go.

I convulsed as wave after wave of bliss hit me. I gasped as I came down from the high of my cl**ax, a smile on my lips...until I realized I'd broken the rule.

"Did you enjoy that?" he spat, no smile in his voice. I had a feeling if I were not still draped over the arm of the couch I would see no smile on his face either.

"I'm sorry," I squeaked. Liar. You meant to push him. You want to be punished.

"Do you enjoy disobeying me?"

I sucked in a breath as he ran his hand up my skirt, cupping my ass.

I knew the correct answer was no, even though I was walking, talking evidence to the contrary. I got a perverse pleasure out of pushing his buttons. I was on the edge of my seat, simultaneously thrilled and terrified at my impending punishment.

My insides clenched hungrily, and I uttered a word that would seal my fate.

"Yes."

Stunned silence filled the room after my confession. I curved my back, glancing over my shoulder to make sure he had not transported himself from the room. His eyes burned like coals. My gaze dropped to the c**k he was gripping tightly, swollen with so much unreleased desire that I saw every bulging vein in beautiful clarity.

"Turn back around," he growled.

I whipped back around, gripping the chair excitedly. He came up behind me, spreading my ass cheeks savagely. Every fold of me was on display, ripe for the taking...but he hovered at the entrance.

One of his hands held me steady. He knew me well; knew that I would be tempted to thrust my body backward and pull him inside. But his hold was ironclad. He was reminding me who was in charge.

I felt the curved end of the head of his c**k drawing up and down my slit; so close but so far away. From the way his grip had trembled every few seconds before he regained control of himself, I knew the wait was as difficult for him as it was for me.

"You want me to f**k you, don't you?" he said hoarsely.

The word 'fuck' made my body clench, so wet that I was soaked down to my bones.

"Yes," I groaned. I wanted him to drive into me; flesh slapping, so much pleasure shooting all over us that everything else faded to black. I wanted to forget about anything that lied outside of this room. I wanted him to pound me into the cushion; make me forget that the world outside was a different one for me-and I did not know if I belonged.

The hand around my waist, holding me still, relaxed its binding position and joined the other at my hips. One hand on each side. The perfect position for thrusting inside me with reckless abandon.

I held my breath, ready for him to rob me of all the air in my lungs; give me physical pain to dull the emotional pain in my heart. But there was no punch of motion as he claimed me. No slice of discomfort melting into pleasure as he beat a furious rhythm inside of me.

He entered me slowly, forcing me to feel every second that ticked by, every inch of him that filled me wholly and completely. He turned sex into poetry. The words were our moans. The slap of our skin.

I lost myself in his strokes, and I saw how crazy I had been. His body said the words I needed to hear; that he loved me, even when I pushed him away. The fingers that dug into my h*ps illustrated trust. I had to trust that even when I thought I knew what I needed, he knew me better than I knew myself.

"Come with me Leila," he whispered. Soft as a kiss. Eternal.

It started at the center of me and roared over my body. It was as if I had been waiting for those words all my life. Every pore in me was in sync with his, so wild and free, that tears came to my eyes.

I was still panting, hanging over the edge of the chair when he released my hands. When I turned around to face my lover, a smile rippled across his lips.

"How," I huffed, chest rising and falling. "How did you know-"

"That you needed me to make love to you?" he finished. He roped an arm around my waist, bringing my body back to his. "It's my job to know, Leila. As your Dominant-and as the man that loves you. I know you, Leila. And I'll take care of you."

Chapter Seven

I stepped out of the bedroom, pulling the door closed soundlessly behind me. I planted my feet firmly on the hardwood floor. I had felt like a ballerina for the past thirty minutes; skating across the floor on my tiptoes. Moving with long, lean strides as I gathered my things, making as little noise as possible so I would not wake Jacob.

Today was the day when I would make good on a promise I made to myself. He took such good care of me; both in and out of the bedroom. I did not have a villa to whisk him away to nor any advice on how to ignore the paparazzi and live his life. Not that he needed any pointers, since he did a fine job of carpe diem-ing, whether the cameras were flashing or not.

But breakfast in bed? That I could do. I intended to whip up some edible eggs and hopefully, unburnt toast. If all else failed and I ended up burning said eggs and the toast, I could give him all the love that burst from my heart.

I exited the bedroom, rolling the tight muscles in my neck. And maybe some bacon? And there's the oranges from the-

I froze on the top stair, the faint murmur of cabinets opening and closing gluing my bare feet to the floor. Apprehension tightened my chest.

Isabella.

I had not seen her since our last run-in. All the house staff came back last week, and I had expected we would have another showdown. She minced no words, and it was no secret that she could not stand me. But since I had been wrapped up in the press and Jacob, I had pushed the threat of confrontation to the back of my mind. More things moving around in the kitchen made the threat claw its way to the forefront. My stomach knotted, making me rethink this whole breakfast in bed thing.

No, I thought indignantly. If you're going to be a part of Jacob's life, you can't slink away. You're not a guest. You're his girlfriend.

I raised my chin and brought my hands to the elastic on top of my head, tightening my ponytail. I scrubbed a hand over my face and continued the descent. The silence of every other room magnified the sounds billowing from the kitchen. The water running in the sink was like Niagara Falls, the jingle of silverware and plates like cymbals banging together. The humming was like-

I frowned.

The humming?

The cold-as-ice woman I met did not seem like the humming type. In fact, I would be willing to bet she was one of those weirdos that claim that did not like music. Or happiness.

Count it as a blessing. If she's humming, maybe she's in a good mood.

A blur of movement passed in front of the doorway, the humming growing in volume. The song seemed very familiar. My forehead scrunched as I tried to figure out why. A smile spread across my face when the fresh faced country-pop singer's name flashed in my head. The lyrics told a story about princes and princesses, Romeo and Juliet. Young love.

She was humming a Taylor Swift song.

I breezed into the kitchen, ready to bury the hatchet, because anyone that hummed "Love Story" could not be all bad.

My smile faltered when I did not find the statuesque Italian woman towering over the sink, but a petite, young woman with a dirty blonde fishtail braid trailing to her waist. A scarlet colored apron, black tunic, and black leggings hung on her thin frame. Leather combat boots dashed up her legs, stopping at the knee.

She stopped humming, picking up on the fact that she was not alone. She slowly faced me. She had sharp, hawk-like features, but her sky colored eyes softened as she sized me up. A nervous smile pulled her lips into a friendly hello.

When I did not say anything, she blushed red, eyes dropping to the floor. "Was I too loud? I'm sorry if I woke you-"

"No," I said quickly, returning the smile as I held out my hand. "You must be Blanka."

Her smile returned instantly as she shook my hand. "That is me. And you're Leila Montgomery."

I frowned, dropping my hand back to my side gingerly. I guess it was better than being known as a guest, but it still surprised me that she knew my full name.

"Jacob told you about me?"

She let out a giggle, scooping her side swept bang behind her ear. "No. You're a celebrity."

"A celebrity?" I repeated, shaking my head. "Jacob's the celebrity. If I'm a celebrity, it's purely by association..." I trailed off when she moved past me. Her eyes scanned the room, stopping when she turned to the cart beside the fridge.

She picked up her cell and swiped a finger across the screen, illuminating it, then holding it up for me to see.

I felt sick all over again. Front and center was a picture of me standing in the living room of Jacob's villa, moments before I snapped the blinds shut. Beneath the picture in big, block letters was, "Who is Leila Montgomery?"

"I recognized the shutters," Blanka said brightly, her face beaming with pride. "Well, that and Mr. Whitmore's name."

She looked back and forth between her screen and my face, probably comparing and contrasting the nearly identical deer-in-headlights expression. After she had completed the analysis, she reached out, touching one of my stray chocolate brown tendrils.

"Your hair is curlier in person." She pondered that fact for a moment, her smile unwavering. "I like it!"

I let out a weak chuckle and a half-hearted thank you, looking past her to the spread on the island. I needed to change the subject before I started hyperventilating. The countertop was lined with glass mixing bowls filled with assortments of food: flour, eggs, and a kaleidoscope of berries. "This is quite impressive."

"Mr. Whitmore requested breakfast in bed," she explained.

I sighed, deflated. "I guess great minds think alike."

She cocked her head to the side, her blonde braid spilling over her shoulder. "You were going to make breakfast?"

I nodded ruefully. "I really wanted to do something special and surprise him."

Her whole demeanor changed as she backed up, hands out in a gesture of submission. "I'm sorry, I just do what he says.."

"Oh, I'm not upset," I said, trying to calm her fears. My efforts were obviously ineffective because she looked ready to drop to her knees and beg for my forgiveness. My heart went out to her when I saw the genuine fear that drained all color from her face. "Blanka, really, it's fine."

She did not look wholly convinced. "I really need this job. I'm a student and my mother back home doesn't work, so I send her part of my check." She dropped her chin to her chest. Her breathing was elevated, nearly giving me heart palpitations.

I put both hands on her shoulders. "It's really all right. I promise."

She peered at me skeptically, like she was sure this was some trick. The worry that darkened her previously cheery features made me feel guilty, even though I knew that her fear was rooted in experiences that had nothing to do with me. What guests had Jacob brought here that bullied this poor girl? Had they threatened her job? Jacob could not have believed any of the made-up offenses. Anyone that had a conversation with Blanka, or even looked at the Taylor Swift-humming girl could clearly she meant no harm.

I gestured at the ingredients in front of me, trying to alleviate the suffocating tension that hung in the air. "Why don't I give you a hand with this?"

She went even paler. "But Isa-"

"I won't take no for an answer. And I won't steal your thunder." I said lightly. I stepped around her to the sink and washed and dried my hands, turning my attention back to breakfast. "I'm about 99.9% sure you can make better eggs than me, but I'm pretty good at following instructions."

A smile danced in her eyes, but she was still hesitant. "That really isn't necessary, Miss Montgomery."

"Call me Leila," I corrected gently. To prove I was serious about helping, I opened the egg carton. "Are we scrambling or doing one of those folding egg thingies?"

"Folding egg thingies?" Her hesitation melted into confusion as she repeated it to herself, and I bit my lip to hold back a laugh. "You mean an omelet?"

"Oh yeah," I nodded, like it was coming back to me. "One of those."

"I think you better listen to my instructions very carefully," she giggled. "If Francois found out that someone was cooking in his kitchen that called an omelet a folding egg thingy he'd probably lose it." She pointed at the eggs, then the milk, and salt and pepper. "Can you whisk eight eggs in the glass bowl with one cup of milk and a pinch of salt and pepper?"

"I sure can!" I cracked the eggs, miraculously keeping the shell fragments out of the egg mixture, then poured in the milk. I reached for the salt and pepper. "So you're a student? What are you studying?"

She sprinkled flour over the counter. "Fashion."

"Milan, here you come?" I said with a smile.

She stole a glance at me, like she almost thought I was poking fun, but when she saw I was being genuine, the bright and bubbly girl I met returned. "New York too. It's my dream to see the world then go back home and open a boutique." She paused for a moment, then gathered up the ball of dough and dropped it on the floured surface, kneading it with strong thrusts that surprised me given her slight frame. "My mother was an artist, but her work never left the walls of our living room. I won't let that happen to me."

I had only just met her, but there was something powerfully genuine about her. I had a feeling that she had the drive and talent to make every dream come true.

"Someday, celebrities will be clamoring to wear Blanka." Her eyes shot to me then she flattened the ball of dough into a disc. "Maybe someday you would wear my dresses?"

I had not seen a single sketch, but I knew if her dresses were anything like her personality, I would shine the brightest in the room. "I'd love to! Honestly, I'm not sure how much capital Leila Montgomery wearing your clothing will bring. A month from now, I'm sure no one will remember my name."

She grabbed a pizza cutter and sliced the flat disc into equal sections. "You might not be first page news, but you are like Cinderella. No one will forget that the billionaire fell in love with someone so-"

"Ordinary?" I offered, trying to disguise my hurt with a tight smile.

"Independent," she corrected, moving the slices of dough to a baking sheet. "You're not known because you were in a movie or because of what family you are from. People will remember you because in every stolen picture, when you don't notice the photogs and it's just you and Jacob, you look at him like you could care less about any of the fame or money. You look like a woman in love." She slid the sheet in the oven. "With people famous for being famous and so many fake relationships for publicity's sake that makes you worth remembering. You're real-and anyone with two eyes can see that you and Jacob are real." She wiped the flour on her apron. "And anyone that says anything negative is just stupid."

Her words made pride bloom in my chest, and tears rose in my throat. I knew she was young, but her words were as deep and resounding as anything my grandmother ever said when I went to her, finally opening up about the bullying I endured as a kid.

"Don't listen to a single word, you hear? I won't patronize you by saying they're jealous, or that words don't hurt, Leila. I will tell you that you've got a light inside you that won't go out unless you let them put it out."

I opened my mouth to tell Blanka just how sweet her words were, but a croak came out when I looked to the left and realized we were not alone.

Isabella stood in the doorway, dark eyes burning like lasers. I was surprised Blanka and I did not burst into flames.

Isabella's hair was slicked into a tight bun on top of her head, making her cheekbones as intense as her bottomless eyes. Her button down, black shirt was tailored and professional, tucked into ebony colored wide leg trousers. Stiletto heels clicked on the floor as she sauntered toward us.

She looks like she's going to a funeral. I gulped. Our funeral.

"What is going on here?" Her eyes swept across the counter and froze on us.

My jaw twitched when I realized it was not us. She was zeroed in on Blanka.

The sunniness that beamed from Blanka dimmed, turning her into a ghost of her former self.

She was terrified of Isabella.

"Uh," Blanka stammered, her voice low and nervous. "I was j-just-"

"Speak up, girl," Isabella snarled, nostrils flaring. "And look at me when you address me. I'm not a speck on the floor."

I stepped forward, anger of my own making silence impossible. "You don't have to talk to her like-"

"I'm her boss?" Isabella cut in, still not looking at me. Burning holes into Blanka's face. "I am her boss. Aren't I, Blanka?"

"Yes ma'am," Blanka said quietly.

She was disappearing into herself, and it made me want to save her; tell Isabella to get off her high horse before I knocked her from it. An uncomfortable truth kept me quiet. While I had no idea that Isabella was in charge of Blanka, I knew that Jacob was in charge of the house-and the last time I tried to take on Isabella, Jacob reminded me that she was in charge of what went on in the house. End of story.

Isabella clucked her tongue disapprovingly. "What time were you supposed to get breakfast to Mr. Whitmore and his guest?"

Oh, here we go with that word again.

"At-" Blanka stopped, shooting her gaze at the clock on the wall. Her face crumbled. "I didn't realize-"

"Don't bother," Isabella butted in. "After you finish preparing the tardy meal, you are free to go."

Blanka glanced at me, her blue eyes swimming before they returned to Isabella. Or Isabella's back, since the brutal woman was halfway to the door.

"F-Free to go?" Blanka called after her.

Isabella stopped, casting a final, smoldering glare at Blanka. "You're fired."

She dropped the bomb and left us to deal with the fallout. My mouth hung open in shock. Horror.

Tears streamed down Blanka's face as she obeyed, going back to fixing breakfast.

Say something...anything!

"She can't do that," I said weakly, standing awkwardly beside the stove. "You lost track of time because of me."

Blanka did not say a word, pouring the egg mixture into the skillet. The sizzle cut me to the bone.

What was left to say?

I had cost Blanka her job.

Chapter Eight

I paced back and forth in front of the door to Jacob's study. I remembered the first time I had made my way to this room, nerves bunched in my stomach because I was not sure what to expect. It was the first time I had fully submitted; the study leading to the special room he had created for a very specific purpose: kink.

We had not returned to the study since. It was the door to Jacob's world. A world where Saint Andrews crosses stood against the wall, four poster beds took on a whole new meaning, and toy chests were filled with chains and whips instead of dolls and fire trucks.

Well, I was back in his study-but not for erotic reasons.

Jacob, Blanka, and Isabella were brought together when I made a last ditch effort to circumvent Isabella's overreaction earlier that morning. I just could not let Blanka be fired for something that was my fault. Or something as silly as running a little late with breakfast.

I paused mid-pace in front of the door, the word 'guest' drawing me in. I scanned the room like there would be eyes in the shadows; watching as I leaned toward the wooden door, ears peeled for any further developments.

There was a string of indiscernible words, but even muffled I knew that it was Isabella-and she was pissed.

I pulled back, glaring at the closed door like there was no barrier. I wished I did not have to tattle on Isabella, but she left me no choice. When I was a kid and the teachers showed up right after a confrontation, hurt still all over my face and tears flooding my eyes, I would keep my mouth shut. I would look past the teacher to the bullies, fear flashing in their narrowed gaze-and then I would lie and tell the teacher's I was okay.

I fought my own battles, with quips and worst case with my fists. As much as I wished I could have blocked the kitchen doorway and demanded that Isabella give Blanka another shot, I was not her employer. I did not even have a place on the chain of command. So I could have swallowed the guilt and let Isabella get away with it, or I could go to the boss.

I frowned, my ear practically glued to the door. The boss that apparently has nothing to say! In fact, the whole room was silent.

I took a step back, just in case the conversation was done, and they were about to exit.

"Mr. Whitmore...apologize..." Blanka's voice cut through the quiet and I let out a sigh of relief. There was no way Jacob could let her go when he sees how earnest she was, and I told him it was my fault, right?

I chewed on my lip, not a fan of the lingering doubt that clouded my head. I would like to think the answer to that question was yes, but Jacob had built a 'no access' zone around Isabella. I did not know anything about their past or why he would hire some drill sergeant to watch over a home that he rarely came to. Or why her word was law in the first place.

I braced my hands on the door, leaning closer.

"Second chance...if-"

"Your job is facile!"

I winced as Isabella's voice shrilled into my ears, coming through loud and well, loud. She must have realized that she was shouting, or maybe Jacob gave her a look because she quieted down, fragments of her defense, harder to grasp.

"Job...control...guest-"

"I swear if she calls me a guest one more time..." I covered my mouth, the words coming out louder than I intended. I took a step back, heat prickling my skin. It had been a wise move disengaging from the door because I would have spilled in the office, crashing to the floor. The door was pulled open, and the vitriol oozing form Isabella was proof that she had heard me-and hoped I would fall on my face too.

I cleared my throat, pushing aside the last remnants of my embarrassment. I pulled on a mask that would make Jacob proud.

My voice was calm and measured, just as non-confrontational as the neutral walls of Jacob's office. "Is everything all right in here?"

I knew the answer was no, but I would not admit that I had all but put a cup against the door to eavesdrop. My eyes swooped around the room, taking in the cold and efficient furnishings that filled Jacob's office-dark couches, a black and white painting on the wall, an impressive mahogany desk-and the increasingly impressive man behind it.

His eyebrow perked at my abrupt entrance. Blanka looked like a woman standing in front of a firing squad. Isabella glowered like she was the one holding the gun.

"No, everything is not all right." Isabella plowed toward me, and it took every ounce of guts in me not to back up.

She stopped a few feet from me, then cast a look at Jacob like she expected him to banish me from the room. When he remained silent, her mouth twisted in disgust.

"This is a private matter. Haven't you shoved your nose where it doesn't belong enough for the day?" When I didn't budge, she reached out and poked me with her finger. "You've already cost Blanka her job-"

"Excuse me?" I snapped, the cool facade crumbling. "So breakfast would have been a few minutes late-it's not like Jacob was biting his nails, watching the clock. And I told you it was my fault."

"Oh, no one denies that bambina," she huffed with a bitter laugh. "If only you had minded your business and remembered your place."

"Which is where?" I butted in, planted firmly in front of her.

"Where all the other guests belong," she said acidly, her dark eyes wild with anger. "In the bedroom."

My mouth flew open, the flush of embarrassment and indignation painting my face bright red. "You've got a lot of nerve-!"

"That's enough."

Jacob's two words were more effective than all the ones me and Isabella were throwing at each other. We turned back to him; the billionaire planted behind his desk. His eyes glowed, and I knew he was tired of us all. He looked at me first, then flicked his eyes at Isabella.

"For the time being, we all have to live under the same roof."

Isabella sighed dramatically. "Jacob, I just think that-"

"Do not interrupt me," Jacob growled, his voice low and dangerous. She fell silent, crossing her arms against her chest. "I want to know what happened. From the beginning." I opened my mouth to fill him, but he finished with, "From Blanka."

Blanka swept her bangs from her eyes, stealing a glance at me and Isabella before squeaking. "Me?"

"Yes." Picking up on the tension, and the silent threat Isabella was sending Blanka with her eyes, Jacob added, "Please speak freely. Your job is not at risk."

I relaxed, mentally pumping my fists. Yay!

Despite Jacob's assurance, Blanka was not completely at ease. She had Isabella hate-glaring at her left, and Jacob's unreadable face in front of her. I moved to where she stood, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder.

She looked at me, chin trembling, and I gave her a nod. "It's okay."

Her big eyes clouded with emotion, and she swallowed slowly.

She turned back to Jacob. "I began breakfast as you requested," she began, her voice stronger. "Miss Montgomery came down and we started talking, and I lost track of time. Ms. Moretti came in, and since I was late getting you your breakfast, she fired me." Blanka stopped, wiping her palms on the front of her pants. "That's what happened, Mr. Whitmore."

No one replied for a long moment, and I batted my gaze from Jacob, who gave nothing away, to Blanka, who was losing confidence with the lack of response, and ended with Isabella, who was chomping at the bit. Itching to say something.

Screw it.

I took a step toward Jacob. "It was totally my fault. Blanka shouldn't be fired because of me. She can't be."

My emboldened response was contagious, and Isabella came forward too. "Can't be? Who's in charge here? You or Jacob?"

I wanted to go back and forth with her until the ridiculousness of her actions sunk in, but I ignored her and looked to Jacob. He was the final say. All I could do was hope he would make the right choice.

Jacob rose, walking to the front of the desk. He perched on the edge, looking at Blanka first.

"You still have a job, but please be mindful of the requirements set forth by Isabella and myself."

Blanka and I let out a single sigh of relief. Just as I was about to hug her, Jacob interrupted.

"Leave us, Blanka."

My stomach dropped.

Uh oh.

Blanka left without a second glance, closing the door behind her. I had a feeling she would not have her ear pressed to the door, listening for what happened next. If she were smart, she was putting as much distance between herself and ground zero as possible.

Jacob's eyes shot back and forth between Isabella and me. "I want a truce." When my face scrunched in confusion, he elaborated. "I want you both to shake hands, sing Kumbaya, whatever you need to do to make this right."

"You can't be serious," Isabella said with a haughty flick of her wrist, dismissing the notion. "She has undermined me from the moment we met-"

"That's not true and you know it!" I snapped, whipping to face the woman. "I've been nothing but kind and respectful to you and all that's done is nearly getting an innocent girl fired."

"Innocent?" Isabella shook her head like a parent scolding a misbehaving child. "She's about as innocent as you are."

"And what is that supposed to-"

"Enough!" Jacob roared, his deep voice silencing our argument. Everything that was not nailed down trembled. I had seen the look on his face before; the darkness in his glare, the disgust in the snarl in his lips. It was the look he had when he found out that I betrayed him by striking a deal with Rachel Laraby.

"Blanka is not fired, Isabella," Jacob said, sounding each word out, like he was trying to make her understand that it was no longer under debate.

Isabella did not relent. "But-"

"Leave us."

I did not turn my eyes from Jacob, but I felt every dagger Isabella had thrown at me before she stomped from the room, slamming the door behind her.

Once we were alone I exhaled, the toxicity level dropping until I did not feel like I was about to step into a boxing ring. Jacob had also visibly relaxed, the angry lines in his face easing.

I came forward, reaching for him with a smile. "Thanks."

He dismissed my touch, maintaining the distance between us. "I told you to stay out of it, Leila."

I jutted my lip stubbornly. "You know me, Jacob. I'm not gonna stand by while someone gets fired because they served breakfast at 10:05 instead of 10. And not to mention-"

"Stop talking."

My lips curled into a snarl. "Excuse me? We're not in the bedroom. You can't just-"

"Actually, I can," he said darkly. "Isabella is in charge in my absence. Period."

My lips worked double time, but I did not know what to say. How could he side with her, or even give someone that evil power in the first place? There was more to this. More to them. There had to be.

"What's the story with you and Isabella?"

The look of pure rage that streaked across his face made my stomach drop.

"That's none of your business." He circled his desk and stopped at the chair, lowering himself. He flipped open a leather organizer, eyes on its contents.

"That'll be all, Miss Montgomery."

Anger choked me, but I clenched my jaw, turning on my heels. I paused at the door. Maybe he did not have anything left to say to me, but I was not done.

"Thank you, m'lord," I said sarcastically. His eyes rose to meet mine as I bowed at the waist.

I snapped upright and left the door wide open, storming toward the bedroom.

I need to get out of the house, I thought, finding my purse. Before I say something I'll regret.

Chapter Nine

I ducked my head to my chest as I stepped out of the cab, then snapped it back in place when I remembered I was alone. No Jacob to scope out the area, making sure there were no photogs.

I glanced over the rim of my Ray-bans, eyes sweeping the area. Unless paparazzi were using kids to do their dirty work, the coast was clear.

I paused in the street, watching them play on the cobblestone. A soccer ball skittered in front of me, stopping within my reach. I leaned down and picked it up, holding it out to a boy that barely reached my thighs.

"Grazie," he grinned, taking the ball and going back to his game.

I watched the children play a little while longer, then turned toward the cafe, only to stop again. A group of men were huddled around a small iron table a few feet from me, playing checkers. They murmured back and forth, probably trading barbs. So at ease, at home.

My eyes shot to the corner, a florist outside consulting with an older woman. The customer paid no mind to the rest of the world; inspecting sunflowers and whispering to them like they kept her secrets.

Everything was so blissfully relaxed-and in my sweatshirt, flowered scarf, and harried expression, I stuck out like a sore thumb.

The street around me was so effortlessly beautiful, like the lazy blades of a pinwheel. I was so busy trying to be invisible that I missed the magic all around me. I was so nervous about the paps dominating my life that I was forgetting to actually live.

I closed my eyes, inhaling, then exhaling, letting the air wash over me.

"Beautiful day, no?" A familiar voice murmured behind me.

I whirled toward it and threw my arms around Allegra's neck, squeezing tight.

"It's so good to see you, Al!"

After I nearly squeezed all the air from her lungs, she held me at arm's length. She cupped my cheek and I closed my eyes, the gentle touch reminding me of my mother's touch. Making me miss home and normalcy.

My eyes sprung open. My hood had fallen, my scarf askew.

I yanked away from her, snatching the hood back up.

Her dark eyebrows rose. "I'd ask if you were okay, but that's an unnecessary question, isn't it?"

I fiddled with the drawstring of my hoodie. "I am okay." I could not hold up the ruse, my face crumbling.

Her arms brought me back in for a second hug, letting me cry on her shoulder. I breathed in her smell; the warmth of leather and soap with a hint of flowers. When the tears slowed to a trickle, I pulled back, wiping my eyes. I was not sure what to expect when I looked up at her. Would I find sympathy in her dark eyes, considering she had been in my position years ago, but the Whitmore she loved chose someone else? How sympathetic would she be given I got my happily ever after and was crying about it?

My eyes skimmed the lines of Allegra's face, the creases deepening in her forehead. Her green eyes were narrowed in...concern! I breathed a sigh of relief.

A wary smile fluttered across her lips as she steered me inside the cafe. "Let's get some caffeine in our bellies and you can tell me what's going on."

When I stepped into the cafe, my face fell. I had expected something a little more rustic, considering the quaint exterior of the building. It was painted a muted gray that matched the cloudy sky, and scuffed wooden tables marked the outside. Gathered around those tables were modestly dressed patrons, sipping their drinks.

Now inside the restaurant, I felt severely underdressed.

The interior of the cafe was contemporary and warm with long, mahogany tables meant for family-style seating. The tabletops were covered with white linen and flowers, probably from the florist at the corner. The walls were lined with black and white abstract photographs. There was a large serving station past the tables. The area behind it was covered in a variety of spices and teas and coffee beans, a wait staff dressed in head-to-toe black, taking orders.

I pushed back my hood, attempting to smooth my wild curls as I followed Allegra's lead.

"If I would have known we were going somewhere nice, I would have dressed differently."

"You look fine," she assured me, patting my shoulder.

I did not remotely believe her. She looked amazing. Her short, salt and pepper locks were held back by a golden headband that matched her blouse. Her glossy top was tucked into denim jeans and the ankle boots on her feet turned up the chic factor. I looked like I was headed to the gym in a sweatshirt and t-shirt beneath, too lazy to swap my jeans for sweatpants. My curly locks stood on end, disobeying efforts to curtail the just-stuck-my-finger-in-an-electric-socket look I was rocking. My oversized shades were not nearly oversized enough.

Allegra ordered two cafes, glanced at my blanched expression, and changed it to two doubles. She shepherded me to a table away from the bustle and smiling conversations.

I dropped onto the bench, forcing my eyes forward and not around, finding every dark corner. I focused on Allegra.

"Thanks for meeting me," I said. "I know it's kind of last minute."

"You sounded like you could use a friend," she said, her eyes still warm with concern. "I'm glad you called me."

Her face was the first that popped into my head when I left the villa. It took me an hour in a taxi, a water bus ride, and another taxi ride to get to the small town Allegra lived in, but it was enough time to get a hold of myself. To squash the overwhelming urge to cry every time I opened my mouth.

My best friend was usually the person I called after an argument with a boyfriend; when I was so angry and hurt that I could not see straight. But my best friend was a million miles away in the States-and she had barely digested the fact that Jacob and I were a couple in the first place. There was only one person that I trusted that was local, and knew firsthand how frustrating Jacob could be.

"I don't even know where to begin." I wrung my hands, not meeting her eye. I knew she would not pressure me for details, or ask me leading questions. Just like the last catastrophe we faced when Jacob and I broke up, she waited patiently for me to open up and spill my guts.

The barista brought our drinks and I wasted no time digging in.

"So Jacob and I are a couple," I said, after my hearty gulp. "Officially."

"That's great news," Allegra said brightly. She took a sip and added, "You're good for him."

I felt a rash of pride at her words and took another swig. "The paparazzi seem to think he's going through some sort of quarter-life crisis."

"Your career is one thing, but since when do you give an audience to the things those people say when it comes to your personal life?"

"Since I no longer have a personal life," I sighed. "The last time I had the balls to actually go online, they had tracked down someone I knew in high school." I glared into my mug, remembering how I'd almost hurled my iPad across the room when I saw who they found to shine a light on what I was like.

Marissa Scott could hardly be called a friend. When she came back from summer break twenty pounds lighter, she had forgotten every friendship bracelet, every secret exchanged.

You would not know it from her gushing answers. She told them my favorite color was purple (not even close), and made up some story about how we used to drive out to the country and talk about being famous someday.

The blog ended with a tease-their next feature was with someone that knew me from college, who preferred to remain anonymous.

"I'm not even the same person I was a month ago," I grumbled, pushing a sugar packet around the table with my pointer. "But all these people are coming out of the woodwork, trying to say who I am."

"And who are you, Leila?"

I pondered that for a minute. "I'm...me?" I said with a shrug. "I usually say what's on my mind and it usually gets me in trouble. I don't give up on things easy and I'll do just about anything not to admit defeat. I jump in headfirst and think about consequences later." I trailed off, even though it had been a complete statement. A complete truth. Still, my last sentence echoed in my ears. I did not look before I leaped-was that why I was in over my head with Jacob? With the press?

"Everything is happening so fast." I gripped my cup, ignoring the discomfort as the scalding porcelain branded my palm. "I was just his assistant before. Don't get me wrong-I love him, but there are all these things expected of me now. To smile even though I know the pictures are going to be used to dig even deeper into my past and find out every secret I've buried. I'm supposed to stand aside and look away if something happens at the villa that I disagree with-"

"What's going on at the villa?" Allegra interrupted, surprising me. Her whole demeanor changed, something indiscernible flashing in her eyes before she gulped down her coffee.

Still watching her, I answered, "Not what. Who. Isabella Moretti."

Allegra coughed, nearly dropping her cup. She put it aside and covered her mouth, her coughs rattling my lungs.

"Are you okay?" I handed her some napkins and she took them, dabbing her reddening face.

"I'm fine," she answered tightly, reminding me of my response when we met outside. My lie.

"Do you know Isabella?" I probed.

Allegra's eyes avoided mine as she blotted a coffee stain on her blouse. "Yes. Well...I did. A long time ago."

I leaned forward, my mind jetting back to how weird things were when I brought up how cold Isabella was to Jacob. My joke that he should hire Allegra.

How did Allegra know her? And what did she mean she did, as in past tense?

My phone vibrated in my purse and I was set to ignore it, until Allegra looked up and I saw she had no intention of discussing Isabella any further.

"One second," I said softly, glancing down at the phone. I did not recognize the strange number. "It's coming from (+39) 041-"

"That's a local number," Allegra interrupted. "Probably Jacob."

I rolled my eyes, but accepted the call anyway. "Look, I really don't want to-"

"Is this Miss Leila Montgomery?"

I shifted my eyes to Allegra, confusion pulling my mouth into a frown. "Yes, this is Leila. Who is this?"

"This is regarding Mr. Whitmore," the caller said, ignoring my question. "I'm outside the cafe."

Chapter Ten

"No answer on his cell," Allegra said, her voice heavy with worry. "It could be an emergency. I'll follow your car."

I was almost out the door by the time I heard the word 'emergency'. A black sedan was parked in front of the cafe, a man in a chauffeur's uniform standing at the rear. When he saw me, he opened the door and stood aside to let me in.

"Miss Montgomery."

My heart clenched into a fist. "Is Jacob okay?" Allegra was beside me and while neither of us were ready for a 'no' answer, we held our breath, preparing ourself for whatever might come out of the man's mouth.

His squirrely eyes darted between us. His appearance did not calm my nerves. His legs trembled and he kept licking his bottom lip, like he was harboring some terrible secret.

"Mr. Whitmore," he began ominously, volume lowered to the point that Allegra and I had to move closer just to hear him, "Is perfectly fine."

Allegra and I exchanged looks of confusion.

I turned back to him. "If Jacob is okay, why are you here?"

"I was sent to pick you up and take you to him," the man explained, stroking his pencil thin mustache before gesturing at the open door.

My pulse slowed as I digested the information. A thought entered my mind briefly when the man called, that Jacob was keeping tabs on me. I had pushed it away once 'emergency' was uttered.

After our last confrontation and he dismissed me like some king on a throne, he had the nerve to summon me?

"You've gotta be kidding me," I muttered, not making a move toward the door.

Allegra was still figuring it out. Her voice was as haunted as it was when we rushed from the restaurant. "Jacob is okay?"

"Yeah," I said, shaking my head at the nerve of the billionaire. "Well enough that he sent someone to fetch me."

The final pieces clicked in place and Allegra's jaw tightened. She stepped up to the lanky driver, turning her anger on him. "Questo e ridicolo! You came here to pick her up on his orders? She is no child! Jacob Whitmore does not own her!"

"Signora, I do my job," the man said defensively. "Mr. Whitmore says pick her up, I pick her up."

I pulled my phone from my pocket, calling Jacob before Allegra ripped the driver's head from his body. The man was right-he was just doing his job. There was someone else that deserved the anger: the person that sent the car in the first place.

Jacob answered after two rings.

"I hope you're calling me from the car," he said smoothly.

I pulled the phone from my ear, glaring at the screen like I was glaring at the man himself. "I'm calling from outside the car. The unsolicited car!"

"Your instructions were simple, Leila," he said icily. "Get in the car. Failure to comply will only increase the severity of your punishment."

My jaw dropped, along with all will to fight. Want rushed over me like an unrelenting flame.

One word made my body ache with the possibilities.

Punishment.

Allegra was still pissed off and took the phone from my hand, before I could say I had every intention of obeying. While she fussed at him in her native tongue, I slid into the backseat.

She took notice of my compliance, slack jawed. "Leila, you don't have to talk to him until you're ready to."

A simmering heat warmed my belly as I gave her a shaky smile. I did not think either of us were too keen on talking. We had other things in mind.

"I know." I answered steadily. "It's okay-I'll go to him."

She twisted her mouth in displeasure, growling into the phone. "Non siamo finiti." She handed it back to me, but did not close the door. "We'll finish the coffee soon?"

I nodded. "Thanks for letting me vent."

I watched her out the back window until the driver turned onto a side street. Her concern for me followed after me, making me smile. I clutched the phone in my hand, then gasped when I realized Jacob was still on the line.

I brought the phone to my ear. "I'm on my way."

"Good."

The line went dead and I glanced at the screen. He had hung up.

Not even his abrupt departure could dull the excitement coursing through me like electricity. The driver was not taking me back to Jacob's villa, which added to the intrigue. Where were we headed? And what did Jacob have planned?

The car turned down a familiar street. I recognized the cafe Jacob and I had gone to a few days ago. The owner was out front, flashing a toothy grin that was contagious. We took another right and pulled up to the museum Jacob had attempted to take me after lunch. Outside the property, a group of people were lined up, looks of anger on their faces.

I rolled down the window, trying to catch the conversation.

"Closed?"

"What do you mean it's been reserved for a private tour?"

When the driver turned down the alley, the car sandwiched between two historic buildings. I felt doubly guilty. Jacob had obviously pulled strings so we could finish the tour we began-and I had to close my eyes as the corridor tightened. If we got stuck here, it would just add insult to injury.

I sighed with relief as the car safely pulled into a back courtyard. I opened the door and stepped out, taking in the bright colors of the painted building, barely faded even though I knew it was at least a hundred years old.

I followed the driver to the back entrance, pausing when he stepped to the side to let me pass.

"Mr. Whitmore is waiting for you inside."

I smoothed the front of my wrinkled t-shirt, clutching my sweatshirt in my arm as I walked through the door. I expected bright lights; hues that presented the grand art, caressing every contour of the marble, and highlighting every stroke of the paintbrush.

Jacob Whitmore was all business to the world, but to me, he was my Dominant. So I was sure he brought a piece of art himself; a spanking bench, some travel Saint Andrews Cross.

I paused at the door, darkness swallowing the afternoon sun. The building looked completely empty. Closed for business.

I glanced over my shoulder, thinking there must be a mistake, but the driver had already abandoned me, inching toward the alley. Leaving me here alone.

Not alone, I thought, panic waning. Jacob is in there...somewhere.

I gulped, taking a small step forward.

"H-Hello?"

My answer was silence...and the return of a fear that raked across my skin like nails. Just as I was about to book it after the car, a deep, sensual voice rose above the silence.

"Follow the light."

Jacob.

I relaxed, bringing a hand to my chest as I caught my breath. Follow the light? What light? But as I peered into the darkness, a dull glow shimmered just ahead. I walked inside, biting the inside of my jaw to keep from crying out when the door swung shut behind me.

I moved forward, walking into the unknown. I did not know if I was about to run into a wall, or send some priceless artifact crashing to the floor. I just saw the amber flicking close. With a few more steps I found that it was not alone; multiple candles lit the way.

The row of candles winded down to one, higher than the others. I squinted and smiled when I felt his presence. The contours of his body were in shadow, but I knew them well enough to make them out in the near dark. Strong, powerful calves, that led up to defined thighs. The cut of his pelvic muscles, a delicious V that led the eye to his groin. The answering clench of my inner muscles because they knew they were about to be pulled to the point of no return. Stretched wide for his demanding bulge.

My mouth fell open when I realized that I was not filling in the blanks with memory. He was really standing in front of me. Naked.

Still in awe, I reached out, fingertips grazing a wall of muscle.

"You're-" I stammered, feeling hot and bothered. Flustered-and like I was definitely overdressed. "You're-"

"Waiting," he finished. The flame did things to his eyes, turning them into blue orbs that made me tremble.

I wanted him so badly I could not stand it.

My eyes flickered down, seeing the outline of his cock, his fist wrapped around the shaft. I looked back to him. "Waiting?"

"For you to get on your knees."

It was what I wanted; to taste his salty warmth on my tongue. To feel him in my mouth, every tremble of pleasure doubling my own. But places like this had cameras with night vision. They would see everything.

"You want me to..." My cheeks swarmed with heat as I cleared my throat, unable to say the act out loud. "Here?"

His free hand came out, fingers lightly brushing my neck while his eyes flashed angrily. "Do not make me repeat myself."

I sank to my knees. The floor creaked as I made contact. The candle's flame was dangerously close to my head. Looking forward, I saw his c**k was dangerously close to my mouth.

I parted my lips and pulled him inside. The corners of my mouth strained as I opened wider. His musk filled my nostrils, a heady aroma that was all Jacob; as intoxicating as his taste. He drove himself deeper. Pushed further, harder, until I could not keep up and swayed. He caught me, cradling the sides of my head, giving me a moment to collect myself until he went back to f**king my mouth.

I flicked my tongue over his mushroom tip, letting out a moan-and he unleashed one that rattled the windows. His body shuddered as he melted in my mouth.

After he regained his composure, he offered me a hand, pulling me to my feet. I took in the room from a different angle. I thought the candles were leading me to Jacob, but the light shimmered past us, the flames creating a path that stopped in front of a specific painting.

"What's that?" I asked.

His face twitched with emotion. Or was it a trick of the light?

"Let me show you."

I followed him. He picked up the last candle in front of the painting, illuminating it.

In the painting, a woman was on her knees, her arms stretched toward a stormy sky. When I peered closer, I saw that she was surrounded by headstones.

"The Grieving Mother," Jacob said beside me.

The painting's namesake gave it a whole new meaning and I stepped closer, my heart wrenching at the grief-stricken look on the woman's face. It was so real, so visceral, that I could almost touch the tears streaming down her face.

"It's beautiful." I turned to Jacob, but his attention was locked on the painting. I touched his shoulder and he blinked rapidly, glancing over at me like he had forgotten I was beside him.

"I said it's beautiful," I repeated softly.

"Beautiful?" he murmured, buttoning his shirt with jerky movements. "I think tragic is a more appropriate word."

I dropped my hand, feeling the invisible wall he put up to keep people out rebuilding before my eyes. He moved away from the painting, but I would not let it go that easy.

"Why this painting, Jacob?"

He stopped, his voice low and melancholy. "I think it's time we talked about Isabella."

Chapter Eleven

Now that my had eyes adjusted to the room around me, I had a better gauge of my surroundings without relying on the candlelight-or holding both hands out in front like a mummy.

The room was not quite as large as I first thought. There was not multiple rooms, but sections for each type of art: one with paintings and sketches, another with furniture and antique pieces, and the final was for sculptures.

Jacob stalked to the counter in the center of the room, picking up a bottle of wine. "Care for a drink?"

I followed him, eyeing a pair of wine glasses lining the counter, flanked by brochures. "Is it that kind of a story?" My sorry attempt at a joke fizzled, his face still hard as stone.

He put the wine bottle down for a moment, letting it breathe. "It centers around my father, which means it's certainly not a happy story."

Based on the little I knew about Jacob's dad, Carlton Whitmore, the man lived his life as loudly as the action movies he starred in during his career in the 70's. He had big, fancy houses spread throughout the world, jet-setting with different women every day of the week-despite having a wife and son back home in the States.

I knew of Carlton and Allegra's affair, but I had no idea that there was another Italian woman that Jacob not only knew about, but obviously cared enough about to give her a job at his villa.

"My father used to say there were two things he loved about Italy: the food and the women." Jacob poured wine in the first glass, filling it halfway. When he reached for the second, he nearly poured it to the rim. I expected him to pass the full one to me, but he handed me the other. "Salud."

We clinked our glasses together.

"I saw the papers, just like everyone else," he continued. "The women grinning into the camera. My father with jackets held over his face, trying to hide the fact hat he was doing more screwing than acting. My mother would lie to me and say they were his co-stars. And even though I was young and didn't want to believe he left us so he could sleep with other women, I understood that he wasn't joking when he said he loved Italian women.

The only woman he ever let me meet was Allegra, and when I was older and asked about his time in Italy, he changed the subject." Jacob leaned back against the counter. "It wasn't until I took the reins of the company and we hosted a film festival in Venice that I started spending a good deal of time in the country myself-and met Isabella."

I sipped my wine, sparks of warmth firing all over me. "You've only known each other for a couple of years? You seem a lot closer."

He sliced a hand through his hair, his eyes hardening. "That makes sense. We were almost family."

I frowned, not understanding.

"Isabella was one of the women my father hooked up with while he was abroad," he explained.

I had figured as much. "But he was only in a long term relationship with Al, right?"

Jacob nodded. "That's right. He was hopelessly devoted to Allegra. Hell, he completely ended things with Isabella as a show of his love to Al because they were friends." Jacob put his wine glass aside, all liquid gone.

I shook my head in a mixture of awe and disgust, but I still did not understand what that had to do with Jacob and Isabella almost becoming family.

"This all sounds like some soap opera."

"Oh, this is better than any soap," Jacob said with a bitter chuckle. "My dad was a real romantic-just not to the wife he had back in the U.S. And to hell with the other other woman that was carrying his child."

My eyes bulged from my skull. "Your dad had another kid?"

Jacob bit off a single word. "Yes."

The final pieces clicked together. "Isabella."

I finished my wine in a single gulp. I was not sure what was more shocking; that Jacob had a half brother or sister, or that Allegra had been friends with Isabella.

But then there was the painting. The look on Jacob's face as he showed it to me. It had something to do with Isabella.

The Grieving Mother.

I gasped as a chill settled over me. "Jacob, she didn't lose the baby, did she?" I knew the answer, but I did not want to believe it.

"A little girl." His voice was hollow inside. "Yes, she lost the baby."

A sister.

I rushed to him, throwing both arms around him and squeezing tight. Tears flooded my eyes. "I am so sorry."

He did not hug me back, his body rigid and unyielding. He waited until I took a step back to speak. "You have nothing to apologize for. You didn't abandon Isabella when you knew she was pregnant, and ignore her after the baby was born too soon with extensive health problems. Health problems that could have been solved with a flick of his pen."

I didn't know what to say. The whole situation was so heartbreaking. As mean as Isabella had been to me, I felt so terrible for her. It must have destroyed her, having a sick child and knowing the father was a celebrity with an abundance of money and influence that he refused to provide.

"She didn't go to the press?" I said, ticking off the questions in my head. "Did Allegra know about the baby?"

"As far as the press was concerned, there were countless women lined up and ready to dish about their affair with Carlton Whitmore. A story about a woman giving him the finger would have been more of a novelty than my father having a love child." Jacob pushed away from the counter, moving to a sculpture on the other side of the room. His voice carried back to me. "I can't speak to what happened between Isabella and Allegra. Neither of them acknowledges the other's existence."

That was the answer in and of itself, but I did not want to push it, so I asked a different question. "How did you find out about your sister? Through Isabella?"

Jacob studied a different sculpture, his face as frozen and shut-off as the marble one he gazed at. "It was in my father's records. Isabella's pleading letters stuffed beside invoices." He crossed his arms, jaw clenching. "One of the many surprises I discovered when I took over."

I inched toward him. The physical distance Jacob put between us, pretending that losing a sibling didn't affect him, were all signs this still haunted him. He was Jacob Whitmore. His name was whispered in hushed reverence by his fans and hissed out of earshot by his enemies.

The solemn quiet contradicted the taut lines of his body. He had so much bottled up inside that my first inclination was to stay back. When he inevitably exploded, I might not want to be in the immediate vicinity.

His hand shot toward one of the paintings, and I winced. I expected him to rip it from the wall and hurl it across the room, like he was hurling away the hurt that ate at him. He was clearly struggling to ignore the impact of a father who perfected the art of ignoring his responsibilities. But Jacob did not unleash hell on the portrait. He righted it and stood back, arms slashed across his chest.

"I ran into Isabella in a cafe. When she saw my face, she crumbled to the floor, sobbing uncontrollably."

I stepped beside Jacob, catching the pain that streaked across his face before he hid it away.

"She told me I looked just like him. That she saw my sis-" He stopped, clearing his throat. Catching the moment of vulnerability before it ran away from him.

I took a risk and pushed through the invisible wall he put up, placing my hand on his back. "Jacob, I am truly sorry."

He tilted his chin in my direction, opening his mouth like he was about to share more, but thought better of it and snapped it shut, looking away.

"You don't have to spare me the hard stuff," I said softly. I willed him to look back at me, hope sparking when the muscles in his back relaxed slightly. "You can trust me."

He took a step away from me, the hope evaporating. "That's interesting, coming from you."

My defenses went up. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"It's ironic that you're talking about trust and opening up when you still haven't opened up about how you feel about our relationship, now that the press are on Leila Watch."

"Leila Watch?" I repeated with a face.

"Watching and waiting. Figuring out what buttons to push to make you go boom."

The knot in my throat was impossible to swallow. My eyes darted around the room, expecting to see a camera flash

Keep it together! I straightened my spine. "There's nothing to open up about as far as the press is concerned. Sure, they're an inconvenience, but that comes with the territory." It was my voice that was cold now. Indifferent.

He bridged the distance between us in three strides. Vulnerability peeked out from the mask as he freed my hair from behind my ear, fondling the wild tresses.

"Tell me the truth, Leila."

I looked down at the floor, but he forced my chin back up.

How could I tell him the things I wasn't even ready to admit to myself?

"Jacob..." I was flustered, the intensity in his eyes nailing me in place. Unyielding.

I pushed his hand away. "I thought we were talking about Isabella."

"We were," he fired back. "And now, we're talking about me and you."

I built my own wall, turning from him. I changed the subject, using our location to my advantage. "I feel like I should be getting a tour since you closed the place down for a 'private tour'."

"Don't do that," he said tersely.

I played dumb, closing my eyes. "Don't do what?"

"Change the subject," he replied with an edge on every word.

A whirled back to him, letting the frustration morph into anger. "You're telling me not to change the subject when you get to cherry pick just what to tell me and how far you let me in?"

He reared back, his eyes registering genuine shock. He caught himself and his eyes darkened with an anger of his own. "Good. You're finally talking. Get mad. Just tell me something real. I told you something that my own mother doesn't even know about. You can dig deep and tell me how you really feel about us."

"How I feel about us?" I seethed. I lost my grip on the truth. Letting it go, without a filter. "There is no us. It's me who's on the line. My family that will be embarrassed if shit goes sideways with us. My past that is being dissected. My faults that are being counted and commented on by any schmo with a WiFi connection." I saw the hurt burning in his gaze, the shut off switch being flipped, but I could not shut up. I had been keeping my own eruption bottled up, and damn if I could put the cork back in. "I laugh it off when I'm on edge. I say I'm dealing with it, but I'm not. I'm not okay, Jacob. You're here with me, but I feel this suffocating loneliness that grows every day. And I'm terrified that this is all a mist-" Before I could get the whole word out, I got a grip and clamped a hand over my mouth.

It was not soon enough.

Jacob gave me a look so cold that I shivered.

"So you think that we are a mistake?"

I shook my head fiercely, but my voice came out as a whisper. "No."

He stormed to the exit as tears streamed down my face.

Chapter Twelve

I took one step outside and stopped, not even bothering to hush my sigh of frustration.

Isabella, the slave driver, and hater of all things Leila Montgomery-related, was sprawled on one of the sun chairs.

The universe has been working against you lately-not sure why you thought it would give you a break now.

Yesterday, Jacob's private tour turned into a nightmare. I found out that he had a sister that died as a baby. His estate manager, who could not stand me? She was the baby's mother.

After Jacob told me the secret that he guarded closely, one that explained why he gave the woman control over his estate, we got into an argument. He had pushed me to talk about how I really felt about the world knowing we we were a couple.

It should have been cathartic to finally get it out; be honest with him and myself. But it came out wrong and instead of making him understand just how afraid I was, I pretty much said our relationship was a mistake. I hurt him-and we had not spoken since.

It had only been twenty-four hours, but it felt like days. Jacob had slept in one of the guest bedrooms and hustled out of the house before I woke up.

Now, I was stuck at his villa with the last person I wanted to be alone with.

Isabella shifted on the lounger. She wore a fringe coverup, even though her body was lean and impeccably toned. It took me by surprise because she struck me as someone that loved to show off her body. I pictured her a decade younger, strutting around like she was gracing everyone with her presence. Drawing every male gaze-regardless of whether or not they were taken.

I knew I was not being exactly fair. Carlton Whitmore made the decision to sleep with her even though he was married. And how could I condemn her and let Allegra off the hook?

Easy, I thought, my skin prickling as Isabella glared at me over the top of her shades. Allegra didn't hate you from the moment she met you.

I turned on my heels, deciding I would get my vitamin D some other time.

"No need to slink away," Isabella called after me. "There are no paparazzi."

I stopped halfway inside the house, slowly turning back to her. She was telling me to stay, and had even scoped out the place for lingering photographers to ease my mind? I studied her quizzically. Maybe she had gotten too much sun.

She let out a moan of complete relaxation as she settled back in her chair. "We can share the patio-especially considering you're the reason I have the day off in the first place."

I stopped a few feet from her. "What are you talking about?"

"Jacob was in and out this morning with a look that I'm quite familiar with," she explained, her voice a purr. "It's the same look he gets when his guest gets too clingy." She picked up her bottle of water and took a sip. "That or he's just plain bored."

And there was the catch. She wasn't being nice-she just wanted me to come closer so she could see the hurt on my face when she reminded me that I was just a visitor. Not the first to come to this villa, and probably not the last.

Sleeping alone after getting used to him beside me made it a bitch trying to get to sleep and even then, it was far from a restful affair. I was too exhausted for the back and forth, so I just surrendered.

"Are you happy now? I screwed things up." Tears rushed my eyes as she flipped through a magazine, not even acknowledging me. "I have no idea why you hate me so much, but I doubt you'll have to put up with me much longer."

She paused, glancing up at me before she returned her attention to the magazine, thumbing to the next page. "I don't hate you."

I frowned. "You don't? Could have fooled me. I'm pretty sure you think my first name is Guest."

"I know your first name," she said with the slightest of chuckles. "I just felt no need to say it since it's only a matter of time until some other girl will be standing where you stand."

I should have been used to her digs, but her words cut through my armor. I had no comeback. No fight left. I walked to the edge of the pool, crossing my arms as I looked down at the girl reflected back at me.

My tan had soured, my skin pale and withdrawn. My curls hung like limp noodles around my face. Bags were dark and swollen beneath muddy brown eyes. I was exhausted; tired of ducking the paparazzi, tired of the pep talks I had to give myself after I went online and read a new comment detailing just how strange it was that Jacob and I were dating. Tired of the blank email message where the cursor taunted me, static and waiting for the words that never came. I was not ready to admit that maybe Megan was right when she said this was all happening too fast. I was tired of fighting the voice that still could not believe that out of everyone that wanted to screw his brains, which was every woman alive, Jacob wanted me. I was just tired, right down to my bones.

"Maybe you're right. Maybe I am just a guest that'll be out of your hair before you know it." I shrugged my shoulders, approaching numb and too weak to fight it. But the look on her face wasn't one of victory. Even with her face half-covered in shade, I saw the pain whipping across her features. Her chin trembled as her lips shuddered, nostrils flaring wildly as she fought to hold back tears.

"Don't be stupid, girl," she said hoarsely, sweeping her hand over her cheek.

Was she...crying?

"You know what the two of you have is real. I know it's real. I've seen the way he looks at you before." She looked down at a lock of hair she was nervously twirling. "Jacob looks at you like Carlton looked at her." She dropped her hands to her lap, clenching her trembling fingers into fists. "Allegra."

I bit my lip, but I could not dull the complete shock that took over my face. She was apologizing to me? Admitting that I was not just the latest in a string of flings? And she was talking about Allegra?

She rolled her dark eyes at me over the edge of her shades, tearing them from her face. "I know you know about me and Carlton and Allegra. Jacob told me."

I pulled my cardigan tighter, a gust of wind making goosebumps pop all over me. I looked down at her. "I know about you and Carlton and your baby." I paused, a real flash of emotion cutting through me. "I'm so sorry." Her stony expression didn't say whether she believed or cared about my condolences, so I continued. "But Jacob doesn't really know what went on between you and Al, besides the fact that you both...knew Carlton."

She let out a bitter chuckle. "There are no virgins here. You can say it. We f**ked him."

I narrowed my eyes, trying to stop the heat from rushing my cheeks, but I knew they were as red as her bathing suit.

She nodded at the seat beside her. "Have a seat-this is going to take awhile."

I glided over the wet stone, lowering myself into the seat beside hers. She picked up a package of cigarettes, pulling out one and offering me one of my own. I made a face, shaking my head. She ignored my clear aversion to cigarettes and lit up, blowing smoke from her mouth like a chimney.

"I was the one that introduced them," Isabella said, tracing her lips with her finger. "Carlton Whitmore was a man who could walk in a room and turn it into a party. He met no strangers. And even though every girl knew that she was one of many, he had a way of making you feel like you were the moon, sun, and stars all wrapped in one.

I think I waited until the 3rd time he called me up when he was in town before I let myself believe that maybe he really liked me. And I introduced him to my best friend." Her eyes darkened. "Allegra."

I sat back. "Allegra was your best friend?"

Isabella took a long drag and held out her arm. Her hand hovered a few feet from the ground. "Ever since we were this high. Allegra was always more concerned with books than boys. For awhile, I thought maybe she didn't like boys at all-especially when she didn't bat an eye when she met Carlton." Isabella flexed her fingers. "They only spoke for a moment. I remember Allegra hadn't even bothered to change out of her work clothes. She worked in her father's auto shop and she wore these horrible overalls. Her hair hung in a greasy locks down her back and she didn't even shake Carlton's hand." Isabella chuckled. "I was mortified that she was so rude, thinking she was sticking up for me somehow, but Carlton was amused.

Later that night, when I was ready to go, I saw him watching her. The way he looked at her...it put the moon and sun and stars to shame. He looked at her like she was the universe. Everything he ever wanted." She crossed her ankles uncomfortably. "I thought sex would make him forget about her, but he started asking about her constantly. He wanted to know everything. And once she started seeing him, that was the end of us."

Isabella stomped out her cigarette in vicious, shallow jabs. "Not even a baby could pry him away from his precious Allegra. Allegra and I didn't talk again until I broke down and asked her to speak to him for my little girl. My Lucia."

"Lucia," I murmured sadly. "It's a beautiful name."

She flickered a look in my direction and nodded. "She was a beautiful child. Born too soon." She swiped at her cheeks again. "Taken too soon."

I could not even begin to fathom her loss. "Did you love Carlton?"

Isabella pulled down the brim of her hat. "Does it matter? He made his choice-and it was Allegra."

I guess in the grand scheme of things, it did not matter.

"And you and Allegra?"

"What about us?" she said with a snort. "How could a friendship survive that? There was nothing left to salvage."

She talked tough, like she could care less, but the truth was in her voice. She lost three things: her daughter, her heart, and her best friend.

She brought her eyes to mine, her lips curling into a snarl. "Don't pity me. I don't need your pity."

I saw right through the facade. Saw the broken, lonely women underneath. She stormed inside without another word and I leaned back, replaying everything she told me. Would things have been different if she never introduced Carlton to Allegra? Would he have learned to love her?

I guess we would never know. One chance meeting, one look...and everything changed.

I narrowed my eyes, suddenly understanding why she hated me so much.

Out of a string of guests, women that came and went out of Jacob's life, I was the exception.

I was Allegra.

Chapter Thirteen

Blanka looked down at the envelope I held out, her eyes bulging from her skull.

A flash of guilt rippled over me. Poor girl-she's probably thinking I am about to get her in trouble. Again.

"All you have to do is hand this to Jacob," I assured her. "That's it."

She peered up at me skeptically. "Why can't you give it to him?"

It was a good question. Honestly, I doubted he would accept it from me. Every time I tried to have a conversation involving more than a few words strung together, he bolted from the room.

That morning he uttered a few clipped sentences, telling me had a meeting in Venice all day, but would be home around eight. The first step had been taken, and we were talking again, but my smile was met with him leaving the room without another word.

I had slumped in my chair, pushing eggs around my plate, trying to figure out a way to bridge the distance between us when it hit me. I would get the muddled mess in my head down on paper, and wait for him downstairs. He would read my words and know that I was trying, as hard as that was.

Ready to submit to the difficult feelings that I had been avoiding.

But Blanka had an important role to play. He could give me the brush off, but a letter coming from her would be harder to push away without being rude. I knew it was putting her in an awkward position, but it was the best chance I had.

And she looked like she was seconds from bolting herself.

She gulped, a nervous knot rising and falling in her neck. The nerve beneath her eye ticked wildly as she gingerly accepted the envelope. She shifted it from hand to hand like the weight of it was too heavy to bear. "Just give him this...that's it?"

"That's it," I said simply, flashing her a shaky grin. Her nervousness was starting to rub off on me. I had hatched a plan to fix things with Jacob, and had been running on adrenaline ever since. Her hesitation was making me question myself; face to face with the fear that it would blow up in my face.

Lights glittered across the window pane.

Jacob's car...which meant there was no time to cajole her.

"You know the turning point in chick flicks when one of the lovers does something drastic to fix something that's broken?" I gestured at the letter she held. "That's what's in your hand. I'm trying to make things right with the man I love."

I was taking a risk, betting that someone who was a fan of Taylor Swift was a hopeless romantic. Hopeless enough that she would help me, in the name of love.

I crossed my fingers.

"All you have to do is hand him that letter and I'll take care of the rest."

The sound of car doors opening and closing were magnified by the silence following my last ditch effort.

Blanka took a step backward. My heart sank-then shot back to its rightful place when I saw the conspiratorial gleam in her eye.

"I'll give him the letter."

"Thank you so much!" I spun toward the stairs. "Stall him until I get to his office!"

Blood roared in my ears as my feet slapped against the hardwood floor. I threw open the door, rushing to his desk. I bent down behind it, clueless as to what I was looking for. If I expected some button marked 'Jacob's Secret Lair', I was disappointed. There was no button, no lever that would make the bookcase morph into a door that lead down to his playroom. My ears perked as muffled speech flowed through the open door downstairs. He was inside-and I was supposed to be in the room, waiting.

Frantic, I ran my hand along the desk, stopping when I hit a notch in the wood beneath the drawer.

There was a latch.

I pulled it, grinning when the bookcase shuddered, sliding outward. I slid into the darkened stairwell, flying down the stairs.

The playroom was colder than I expected, even from the amber glow of the lights above. The chilly air tickled my skin, and when I took in the items that surrounded me, a shiver of delight rushed through me.

The impressive mantle was lined with candles. The Saint Andrews cross was perched against the wall. The black chest in front of it was unlatched, filled with things that could make me scream out in pleasure and pain. My eyes rested on the bed, the four mahogany colored posts stretching to the ceiling. The iron chains attached to each of the limbs called to me; the swing draping to the pillow top mattress. Waiting.

I moved to the bed with slow, methodical strides, taking off the hoodie and pants that covered my slinky chemise. I gripped a post, leaning mg head against the cool steel as I remembered the words I wrote in the letter. Words Jacob was probably reading at that very moment.

Jacob,

You'd think that someone who carried a 4.0 GPA in every public relations course would know the right things to say. That's our business, isn't it? Always saying the right thing. Avoiding scandal..or if we're dealing with the fallout, using words and actions to dig ourselves out of the hole.

But when I'm around you, words come out wrong. I forget how to speak, how to string sounds together to make any real sense because I'm so in awe of you. So amazed that I'm yours, and you're mine. So terrified that I'll do or say the wrong thing and screw everything up.

You asked me if I knew what I signed up for when I said I loved you. I said yes, but that wasn't true. I had no idea that my whole life would become a headline. That privacy was no longer an option. I know that's ridiculous. You're Jacob Whitmore. I've seen proof with my own eyes that anyone linked with you has their faces plastered all over blogs and magazines. Hunted and hounded.

But the fact that this could be my life, photographers following me around, asking me questions about you are in bed-I don't think there is a way to prepare for that.

But I do know that I've never loved anyone as much as I love you. I know that I've never felt so challenged, so much like my true self, as when I'm in your arms.

As scary as the press and a life lived in the spotlight is to me, it doesn't compare to how scary I know life without you would be. I don't think saying yes to you was a mistake. I was made to love you, Jacob.

I'm sure I'll do and say things I don't mean, but never doubt my love.

Be patient.

The door beside me creaked open.

I stepped back. My heart lurched to my throat as I came face to face with the man I loved.

Would he be patient? Was I worth the headache?

His hair was windswept; the dark locks were tousled and shimmered against his golden skin. His eyes were the color of the brightest sky and when he opened his mouth and closed it, so moved with emotion that he was speechless, I saw the words of the letter swirling across his face.

His face was unreadable as he folded the letter and strode to the bed, placing it on the nightstand. He did not look at me as he loosened his tie.

"Be patient?" he said softly, pulling the silk from his neck and dropping it onto the bed.

I swallowed hard, taking a hesitant step toward him. "Someone asked that of me once."

He turned his head to the right, blue eyes soft as they landed on me. "Sounds like a smart guy."

I grinned, reaching toward him and taking his hand. He did not pull away.

"He has his moments," I wisecracked.

"Funny thing, moments." He brought a hand to my cheek, his fingertips stroking the line of my jaw. "I knew you were special the moment I saw you."

I closed my eyes, relishing his touch.

"And what about this moment?" I whispered, the gravity between us electric.

"This moment is different," he answered, stepping closer. The heat in his body fanned the desire in mine. "Now, I know that special wasn't even close. You're everything to me, Leila."

His fingers tangled in my hair; drawing me to my toes, bringing my lips to his. But he did not kiss me. His lips hovered mere inches from mine, achingly close, and painfully far away. His grip on my hair tightened, sending an echo of sensation along my scalp.

"Say it again."

"S-Say what?" I was breathless, my eyes on the contours of his lips, needing to kiss him. Starving for his taste.

"That you were made to love me."

His c**k stirred against me, adding an erotic edge to the word. Love and lust collided, crashed into me in a beautiful crescendo.

"I was made to love you." Saying the words aloud turned my skin into gooseflesh. "I love you, Jacob."

He claimed my mouth. His lips, his hands, breathed into me, clutching my body to his. I tasted his need, his love, as his tongue thrust into my mouth. I moaned, the sound radiating through me as I locked my hands around his neck, arching my back. This kiss was the culmination of every word I wrote. A promise that I swore to keep. His hands cupped the sides of my face as his tongue slowed the rhythm of our mouths. It flicked over my bottom lip playfully and he slowly pulled back.

Lust burned hot in his gaze as he looked down at me. "Why did you ask me to meet you down here?"

I grinned mischievously, turning back to the four poster bed. I swung on one of the posts, my curls whipping around me before I stopped, standing before him. I loved the way he drank up my body in the chemise he picked out for me, the material like dark chocolate against my skin. His eyes were like his tongue, savoring the taste of my body.

"Honestly?" I said finally. "I missed this room."

His lips curled into a devastating smirk. "The girl who couldn't touch herself in front of me is willingly offering her body to me in a room filled with chains, whips, and a Saint Andrews cross?"

"Mhm." The warmth in my belly simmered lower. My core trembled, drenched with lust. "If it pleases you, I want to show you just how much I've changed."

His eyebrows quirked with interest. "By all means-show me."

I kept my eyes locked on him as I took a step backward, brushing against the edge of the mattress. I glanced to my right, gripping one of the chains. I wrapped it around my wrist and slid onto the bed. I spread my thighs, the cool air stroking my exposed flesh as his eyes drank me in.

I drew a steadying breath, holding onto my cl**ax, fluttering dangerously close.

Not yet...not without his permission.

Biting my lip, I plunged a finger inside. The sound of my flesh and juices filled my ears. Jacob's face was awash with pleasure as he watched me pump my fingers in and out of my body.

I was alight with sensation; the audience of his gaze forcing my fingers deeper, spreading my legs wider so I could take him with me. I wanted to feel him inside every part of me. Leave no secret unshared, no part of me untouched by him.

When I strained, adding a third finger, he came close, hand at his belt. I stopped, worried I had been too bold and broke some unspoken rule, but the look on his face was not one of disapproval.

"Don't stop," he said huskily.

I sunk my teeth into my bottom lip, thrusting wildly. My hand that was bound by the chain sparked with slices of discomfort. It added to the intensity of the pleasure.

He unbuckled his belt, the controlled movements of his hands contradicting the wild gleam in his eyes. His fingers said that he was composed and in no hurry; that he could watch me touch myself for hours and restrain himself. His eyes told a different story. They said he could not wait one more second to be inside me.

I saw him in all his glory. His c**k was swollen; rock hard, the personification of the feral look in his eyes.

He blazed toward me, gripping my ankle and yanking me until both feet landed on the floor. The look in his eyes had spread across his face, lust changing the perfect marble structure into something fluid and sensual.

He unhooked the chain from my arm, but he was not freeing me. His c**k pierced my lower abdomen as he bound me properly, taking the chains from the post behind me, and wrapping them around my wrists. He stretched my arms above my head; my body laid out for him.

He ran his hand down my thighs, yanking them open. He gazed at my core with such desire that I felt my bliss coming. I clenched my leg muscles tight, trying to maintain control.

"Don't hold back." His voice was a whip; a beautiful lash across my body. "Understood?"

"Yes sir," I said hoarsely.

He came forward, steering himself between my thighs. The head of his c**k was poised at my entrance; his eyes shut like he was savoring the feel of my juices on him.

He rolled his h*ps and filled me in a single, powerful thrust. I wanted to hold on to how he felt inside me. The feel of everything finally making sense. The desire. The safety. The passion. But his moans pulled me into the arms of my first cl**ax. His thrusts grew savage and wild and he growled, "Mine" into my ear.

I hurtled toward my second.

Panting and nowhere close to done, I wrapped my legs around him, pulling him deeper inside me. His body tensed. He was close to his own release.

"Come for me," I whispered, looking up at him like he was my salvation.

He threw his head back with a roar and my body clutched him, not letting go as we came together. Our bodies, our souls, connected.

He pulled from me, unroping the chains from around my wrists. His eyes narrowed in concern as he stroked the indents left on my skin. In the heat of the moment, I had pulled at the restraints, causing the metal to cut into my wrists.

He went to the nightstand, pulling a small container from the drawer. The smell of mint wafted around me as he gently stroked the cream on my aching flesh.

"You should have used your color."

I smiled up at him, chest still heaving up and down. "I would have if I needed it."

Not exactly true. A runaway train could have crashed into the room, and I would not have said the word red.

His eyes sparkled playfully. "You forget-I know you, Leila Montgomery." He pulled me into his arms, close enough that I synced our heartbeats. Everything was as it was supposed to be...until the floor above us creaked.

It reminded me that there was still something that needed to be fixed.

A wary voice cautioned me. Isabella can't even stand you-what can you do that Jacob hasn't already tried?

I propped my head on my palm, searching his face.

He frowned. "Is everything all right?"

I nibbled on my bottom lip as an idea popped in my head; an idea that was maybe bold enough to work. "With your help, maybe it will be."

Chapter Fourteen

Allegra waved wildly from the backseat of the cab, barely letting the driver pull to a stop before she lurched from the car.

Jacob walked ahead of me, scooping her in his arms. I watched him with a smile on my face. He was different with her. Laughing with eyes crinkled at the corners, the ferocity usually found in the intense pools of blue a whisper. He spun her in a circle, his lips split into a boyish grin that made me want to take a picture. No one would believe the billionaire had a sense of humor developed enough to smile, let alone laugh, like whatever Allegra was saying was the funniest thing he had ever heard.

Allegra gave him one last squeeze and met my eyes, waving me over. "I owe you one too!"

She might be singing a different tune in a minute. Ignoring the stifling nervousness that this whole thing could go sideways, I focused on getting a good hug in. Either way, we were headed back to the States, and I had no idea when we would see her again.

I squeezed tight, closing my eyes for good measure.

Forgetting Jacob for a moment, she held my face in her hands, her olive eyes colored with concern. "How are you?"

"I'm fine," I said with a wink.

She glanced at Jacob over my shoulder, then steered me away from him, dropping her voice confidentially. "How are you really?"

"I'm really fine," I assured her with a chuckle. I tugged at the scarf around my neck, feeling like my plan was scrawled all over my face from the way she had zeroed in on me.

I cleared my throat, casting a look at Jacob. He nodded, coming forward.

"You trash talking me, Al?" he joked.

Allegra popped the collar of her coat, giving him a look. "As long as you're good to Leila, I won't have any cause to."

I beamed behind her, but as we inched closer to the house, I felt guilty. What if I were overstepping my bounds? What if I just made things worse?

Allegra's cheery voice cut through my internal debate, forcing my smile to stay strong and not waver.

"I know you've enjoyed your time here, but you must miss your family and friends back home," she said.

"I have," I said, surprising myself. I missed my mother, even as overbearing and nosy she could be. And I had so much to tell Megan, especially considering I had been incapable of sending her a message that was longer than 'Hi'. Wrapping up Rachel Laraby, my first press bomb, the villa, and my famous boyfriend was too much for email or text-even though she had been lighting up my inbox. In person, it would be easier to lay it all out-and beg forgiveness for falling off the face of the earth.

"It'll be nice to have a little normal," I finished, feeling Jacob's eyes land on me. I flicked my attention to him, and he gave me an uneasy smirk. Even though I had chickened out and wanted to use rock, paper, scissors to determine the person that would actually lie to Allegra to get her in the house, Jacob had vetoed that. He was willing to wait until they were ready to talk on their own, even though we both knew that could very well be never. Batting my eyes did not work-since it was my plan, I had to deliver the crucial fib that would actually make Al walk through the door.

I drew a breath, letting the nerves fill my lungs. I channeled the anxiety into something good.

I held out a shaking hand for Allegra to see. "I'm talking a big game, but I have no idea what kind of press will be waiting when we land in the states." I took a step toward the house. "Wanna come in for a glass of wine?"

Her face hardened to stone and my stomach dropped. This was not going to work...she knew exactly what I was doing. Forcing a ceasefire. Trying desperately to mend a friendship that they obviously regretted losing, despite pretending their lives were better off.

Jacob must have seen that I was drowning. He came forward, his voice smooth as sin.

"Or at least a cup of coffee," he added. "I think I owe you one after interrupting your afternoon with Leila."

Allegra blinked, looking at him, then me, her eyes still narrowed suspiciously. "I think you're both aware of my history with Isabella. I have no interest in stirring up the past."

I was hoping I would not have to lie, but I had no other choice. Jacob and I were leaving tonight. I was not psychic, but I had a feeling that unless we gave fate a little nudge, the two of them would never roll away their stones; they would go to the grave with regret. Maybe I was off base and overstepping my bounds, but I wanted to do this. Jacob had very few people he trusted enough to see the real him, and fifty percent of his private circle could not even stand to be in the same room.

Family was more than just the blood that runs in your veins; more than strands of DNA. Family was the people that saw you at your best and worst and loved you anyway.

For better or worse, Allegra and Isabella were part of Jacob's family. Carlton showed Jacob all the ways family could destroy. I just wanted to help them find a way to rebuild and grow from the pain.

I just had to tell a little white lie.

"Isabella is gone for the day," I lied, knowing full well she was just inside.

Allegra sighed with relief. "Okay. I'd love a cafe."

My blood pumped a fevered beat in my ears as we walked through the courtyard, the home stretch within reach. The hard part would be walking through the front door.

Jacob opened the door. I let Allegra walk first, following behind her in case she tried to make a getaway.

Allegra stood in the foyer, taking it all in with a chuckle. "Feels like the first time." She flashed Jacob a smile over her shoulder. "You've done a great job here, bambino."

When she turned back around, continuing toward the kitchen, Jacob exchanged a look with me. It was a look of regret and wariness.

"It'll be fine," I mouthed and hurried after Allegra. I was lying-I did not know if it would be fine. I would not know until Allegra made her way into the kitchen where Isabella was helping Blanka organize the pantry.

When Allegra did not let out some sort of screech, I knew that we still had a few more seconds. I followed her into the kitchen.

Blanka had paused at the counter, mid-stack. There was a row of can goods on the counter. Her eyes registered surprise that ironed away when she saw me.

Allegra extended her hand. "I don't think we've met. I'm Allegra."

Blanka shook her hand eagerly, then slowed, working the name around in her mouth. All eyes shifted to the door of the pantry as an ear splitting boom filled the room.

Allegra's olive complexion went ashen.

Isabella stormed from the pantry, plowing through a sea of overturned containers. Her skin was the opposite from pale. She was bright red, chest heaving up and down. Like she was a bull in an arena-and had a matador in her sights.

"You."

Allegra jerked back like Isabella had slapped her, looking back and forth between me and Jacob. The betrayal in her eyes made me want to run and hide, but I found an inner strength. I was in the crisis management business. I think this qualified as a crisis...and someone needed to step up and manage it-before Isabella dove to the counter, where the knives were glittering ominously.

"Allegra, I'm sorry lied, but I think the two of you have some things to talk about," I said calmly.

Isabella let out a laugh that cut sharper than any blade. "What happened between me and Allegra is no concern of yours. You're a guest in this house. You think because you share Jacob's bed it gives you the right to mediate things that you can never understand?"

I opened my mouth, but Allegra stepped in front of me, glaring at Isabella. "Don't talk to her like that. She's not some girl sharing Jacob's bed. They love each other. Even you must see that!"

Isabella's dark eyes smoldered as she took a single step toward Allegra. "What do you know about love? You got Carlton, and when you were done, you dropped him like a child dropping an old toy for something new and shiny."

The question Isabella refused to answer was all over her face. She had loved Carlton. I did not think she had ever stopped loving him.

I leaned toward Allegra. "Maybe this is a bad idea-"

But she moved forward. Panic rose in my throat because Isabella was all but baring her teeth. I had no idea what she was capable of if Allegra went any closer.

"You think I just fell out of love with him, Isa?" Her voice changed, more vulnerable than I'd ever heard from the strong woman. "I fought tooth and nail not to love him because I knew that you cared about him...but I was weak. I betrayed you." She stopped, hanging her head. "I betrayed myself. We both deserved so much better. Lucia deserved better."

I gasped as Isabella lunged forward, grabbing Allegra by the shoulders. "Don't you say her name!"

Jacob was a blur of movement as he dashed to them, ready to separate the two women, but Isabella did not shake nor choke her. She threw her arms around Allegra, the whole room going silent.

And then the tears started.

Both women sobbed, speaking in Italian, clutching each other as they finally took a step toward healing.

Jacob looked at me, then Blanka, and we all left the room, giving Allegra and Isabella privacy. Blanka rushed off to her room, clearly overwhelmed by everyone, and Jacob pulled me in for a hug of our own.

I peered up at him, a smile tugging at my lips. "Do you think they'll be okay?"

He pressed his lips against my forehead, the warmth of his love filling me with a light brighter than the sun.

"I think they have a chance at being okay, thanks to you."

I locked my hands around him, my second question quieter than the first. "Are we okay?"

His lips quirked into a smile. "I'm not going anywhere, Miss Montgomery." He planted a soft kiss on my lips, then started toward the staircase. "I'm gonna finish packing." He paused at the landing, his eyes darkening with lust. "Maybe one last swing?"

I dashed up the stairs, taking two at a time. As I stood at the bookcase in his office, waiting for him to take me every which way before we headed home, I knew exactly what to say to Megan.

I'm in love with Jacob Whitmore, and I know my life will never be the same-and that's okay. Change is scary, but sometimes it's beautiful.

I don't know what the future holds, but I know that when I'm with him, everything makes sense.

I'll give you more juicy details than you can handle when I see you...I'm coming home!

xx

Leila

Epilogue

I lowered myself into the patio chair, pushing aside my last minute reservations. Jade Simone, a blogger with celebgloss.com, would be calling any minute for an exclusive interview-my first since the train wreck in front of Rachel Laraby's hotel a few weeks ago. Jacob had his reservations about it, but I knew I needed to do something to warm me up for what was waiting after the Whitmore jet touched down in the States.

My cell hummed in my palm, the vibration amplifying the rattle of my nerves. It was her.

I brought it to my ear, gulping. "Hello?"

"Hi Leila!" Jade's voice sounded like cotton candy, sticky and sweet. It matched the picture on the website: bleach blond hair, deep brown tan, and freakishly white teeth. "Is it okay if I call you Leila?"

I nodded, forgetting that she could not see the confirmation. "Yeah, Leila is fine."

"Awesome!" I heard rustling on her end, like she was pulling up, ready to get to work. "Thanks for responding to my email. Ever since Jacob announced that you were a couple, everyone's been dying to sit down with you. I'm so glad you picked us for your first interview." She took a breath. "So-who is Leila Montgomery?"

I shifted uncomfortably. "Well, I grew up in Douglas Heights-"

"Douglas Heights?" she interrupted. "That...quaint neighborhood outside the city?"

She said 'quaint' like she really meant 'poor'. I grit my teeth. "Yes, that one."

"Wow," she whistled. "I guess there's hope for us little people after all then, huh?"

A slight warning bell rang in my head, but I ignored it. I had met people like her before. Absolutely zero tact. Completely oblivious of the power of their words.

At least she didn't ask if Jacob was good in bed.

"I graduated with a degree in public relations," I said, after taking a breath. "I'm the assistant to the CEO of Whitmore and Creighton."

"An assistant to the CEO?" She parroted back, a frown running beneath the words. "You work for your boyfriend, right?" She did not wait for me to confirm the obvious. "That must be really awkward. Especially with all the rumors that you slept your way into the job."

Our interview had taken a turn down a road I had wanted to avoid, but I kept my voice measured. "Well, I'm here to put those rumors to rest, once and for all. My professional life and personal life are separate."

"But how is that possible?" she probed. "Your boyfriend is your boss. Isn't that kind of a conflict of interest?"

My nostrils flared indignantly. "Ask me anything you want about my professional life, Jade. But my personal life is just that-personal."

She chuckled, a haughty thing with an edge that made my stomach drop.

It had been a mistake to answer her email.

I had expected fluffy, easy questions about my hobbies or if Jacob was a good kisser. The front page of celebgloss.com was filled with stories about the latest Kim Kardashian sighting and red carpet fashion. I was not looking for hard hitting journalism. The fact that Jacob's attraction played a role in my promotion from research aide to personal assistant still made me feel guilty.

I clutched the phone, pulling my knees to my chest. Just drill the talking point home. "I'm not going to talk about my personal life. Period."

There was a long, gut wrenching silence. It was so quiet that I made out the notes of the wind rippling across the pool. I felt the creak of the house behind me, like it was leaning in, waiting for what came next. Blood screamed in my ears as my pulse raced.

"Well," Jade said, all cordiality gone from her voice. "I can assure you that no one cares about anything except why Jacob Whitmore is dating someone like you. Some people may call you Cinderella, but I'm not into fairytales. I think you're an opportunist."

My hand trembled as the word hit me like a blow to the face. She got her soundbite.

Leila Montgomery, the Opportunist.

"This interview is over." I ended the call, slamming the phone onto the table beside me.

How could I have been so stupid?

The patio door swung open, solid steps moving toward me. I cast a look over my shoulder, locking eyes with Jacob and shaking my head.

His voice was sympathetic. "That bad, huh?"

I slowly rose to my feet. "Can't we just stay here? The local press seems to have found something more interesting than us." I roped my arms around his neck. "We can live off the land."

He smirked, blue eyes sparkling. "As appealing as that thought is, we can't run from them forever." He leaned down and pressed a kiss against my lips. A kiss that almost erased all the worry in my heart. As delicious as his lips were, there was still no denying the fact that the Italian press were only a fraction of what I had to look forward to back in the U.S.

He read me like an open book. "Just give it time, Leila. Once they see what I see, they'll love you."

I melted into his arms, wanting to believe that so badly. As long as I had him-everything would be okay.

It had to be.

"All right, love birds," Isabella's sharp voice sounded behind us. She cocked her head toward the door, dark locks flapping in the breeze. "Your car is here."

I moved back to the scene of my second press failure, picking up my phone from the table. The screen was illuminated with a text from Jade Simone.

Your story will be live just in time for your return to US. Good luck, Leila. You'll need it.

