1

Brian wakes up, completely disorientated. Gawd, but his head hurts something awful. What did he drink last night? He can't recall taking any poppers or smoking any weed, but there's definitely something in his system. His vision swims, and he can't get the room in focus.

Then his eyes snap open. Really pop open, as if there have been transparent shutters on them before which have now been tautly released to reveal the stark reality around him.

And what a reality it is.

Brian takes in the unfamiliar walls of the bedroom he is in. Lavender wallpaper, the kind with little forget-me-nots. Mirror over a white dressing table. Chintz curtains with a pattern of repeated forget-me-nots. What is this theme? Some kind of 'forget me not' message?

There are framed photographs on a white dresser. Unfamiliar photos of unfamiliar people.

The reality slams into his gut like a sucker punch.

He is alone in the double bed, but there is an impression of a body in the mattress beside him. Someone has slept here. He is covered with a blanket, but underneath, he is naked. His c**k is limp. When his hand suspiciously strays down to touch it - to find out where it's been - his palm comes away sticky.

His penis has been someplace all right.

Here he is, Brian Morton - stud extraordinaire, a man who has woken up in more strange places than he cares to count - in a strange bedroom. And he's f**king scared.

This has to be a first.

Worse still, he can't remember what happened last night. She has slipped something into his drink again, he's certain. And he had let her. Not because he's gullible, but because it was pointless. She was going to do it anyway. And she has already done all the damage to him that she can. He might as well let her do whatever she wants to him so that he can extricate Sam out of this mess.

Sam.

His heart shrivels when he thinks of her. She doesn't know he's here. Doesn't know he's doing this because she trusts him implicitly. So he has to be extra careful not to let her know. But he doesn't yet know what Delilah's terms are. Delilah Faulkner. He can only think of this woman as Delilah Faulkner, not the sweet, bruised Adie he once knew and betrayed.

He can't fault Delilah/Adie for wanting to get back at him. Rage like this burned deep and hard, like the stoked furnaces in the bowels of the Earth. How many women out there has he hurt so badly that she has no choice but to nourish a long-lasting hatred for him like a dagger in her womb? How many of them are now plotting a vendetta against him and all those he held dear?

He deserved what he was getting. But Sam! Just leave her out of this! But he knows it doesn't quite work out that way. In a fall-out, a lot of innocent bystanders get hurt.

It's your mess. Now clean it up.

That is what he's doing, he tells himself grimly. He swings his long legs over the side of the bed. Something needles the confines of his skull, and the sharp pain makes him wince and pause slightly before getting up.

He studies his body in the mirror. He knows he looks good, and that's a major part of the problem. They all want his body. Him. In college. At work. In clubs, bars, the street. They all want what he can't give them, and when he won't give it to them, they go on a slow boil. Most of them forget and move on. Some never did.

He is learning that now.

He wonders if he can slip out of the apartment. He wonders if she is still here, and if she would let him. Is his part of the deal done? Will she let him escape now?

It's never that easy, his inner voice warns him.

His clothes are not in the bedroom. They are not on the floor in some discarded heap, and certainly not hung across the back of the chair, neatly folded. He grimaces. He goes to the bathroom to take a long piss. He needs to shower and shave, but he will be damned if he's going to ask her to let him use her soap. So he gargles and rinses out his mouth, and that's about it.

He has no alternative but to go out there to face the fire.

Gingerly, he opens the room door. He steps out. The lounge of Apartment 501 is tidy. Preternaturally so. Delilah is a neat freak. The kind who would implode if there is so much as a cushion out of place. He wonders where the hidden security cameras are - the ones which have so nicely caught Sam on tape. He surveys the ceiling, but as much as he squints, he can't see evidence of any.

Is Delilah now viewing him live on camera?

The thought of it spooks him.

He finds his clothes in a neat pile on the sofa. She has folded them up for him, confirming his mental image of her as a compulsive. He takes them self-consciously and starts to dress himself. Black sleeveless tee. Tattered, well-worn jeans. He starts to shrug on his leather jacket, when he hears her voice:

"Going somewhere?"

She is standing at the doorway of the kitchenette. She wears a simple dressing gown. Silk, with a sash in the middle. Her cle**age is pronounced and her hair all tumbling and vivid and red. She resembles a temptress from hell. A succubus sent to draw men to their shipwrecks.

He stops himself from running a nervous tongue over his lower lip. He's usually not afraid of women, but this one scares him. It's as though she is no longer fully human, and that the laws of rational thought no longer apply to her.

"I have work," he offers lamely.

"So do I, but I took the day off. Called in sick. Want some breakfast?"

So she's trying to play normal and nice-like. He can live with that. To refuse her would be to trigger off some complex thought process in her tangled brain, and she would irrevocably take it out on Sam. He hates being blackmailed like this. Hates having his strings jerked around by this vicious puppeteer.

But he has no choice.

So he says, as casually as he can muster, even though all his senses are on full alert for the tsunami that would hit him: "Sure."

She turns, expecting him to follow without a word. So he is to be her lapdog. This makes him unspeakably gloomy.

There are already two place settings on the kitchen table. Neat, as to be expected. Not a napkin out of place. A pot of artificial flowers forms the centerpiece of the table. The entire kitchen is filled with the smell of just-fried bacon, and this is what Delilah places in front of him as he seats himself. A plate of bacon, just crispy at the edges, with two eggs sunny side up, and a dollop of baked beans.

Just like that. As if they are a couple.

"Go ahead, eat," she urges him. She places a similar plate, only with half the servings, in front of herself.

He wonders if she has drugged his food again. But he eats anyway, eyeing her out of his feral green eyes. She eyes him too, like an adversary across the table.

When he finishes, he says, "I've got to be going."

"Don't go so soon. I took a day off just for you."

"Maybe you should cancel," he says acidly.

"Tell them my period pains went away? Not likely," she replies.

He sighs. "What else do you want with me, Adie?"

"Don't call me by that name. I hate that name."

He is taken aback by the vehemence in her voice.

"Sorry ... Delilah."

He wonders why she hates it so, and if it has to do with him. Perhaps it's a name she associates with her attempted suicide. The one she exorcised when she emerged - scathed and filled with the new power of rage - as a new woman.

This disturbs and saddens him. It's amazing how much pain he can cause and how he had been totally oblivious to it.

I was young! I was heartless!

But he realizes that youth wasn't an excuse, because he was still heartless a year ago. It was only when he met Sam that he had changed for the better. Or so he hopes.

Delilah sets about clearing the dishes. Out of long-standing guilt, he helps her. They do not speak, but merely work in concert.

He finally says, "If I don't get back, Sam will be suspicious."

"Nonsense. You don't usually go into the gym until much, much later. And she's used to not seeing you for the entire day."

It surprises him how much Delilah knows their routine. It makes him feel vulnerable and more than a little frightened. For Sam.

"So what do you want me to do now?" he says warily.

She stacks the plates and cutlery in the dishwasher. Then she straightens herself. "Come with me."

He follows her, his stomach recoiling as she leads him down the short passageway to the room. The one in which Sam took most of the pictures. It is locked, and Delilah takes out a stubby key and sticks it into the doorknob. Brian stands there, filled with trepidation, as the door whines open.

He has seen Sam's photos, but nothing prepares him for the veritable collage that greets him like a stab in the ribs. He sees the corkboard, all decked with his photos. That huge, huge corkboard. And the hundreds of candid snapshots of him, taken by a voyeur's camera.

Him coming out of the gym, towel still slung over his shoulders and with his hair damp from the shower.

Him entering a restaurant.

Him hailing a cab from the entrance of a hotel.

It's shocking to see himself mounted like this - the subject of an unhealthy obsession. For that is what it is - an obsession. He recognizes it for what it is.

His heart sinks when he now realizes the depth of it.

He's not certain everything will go to plan now, or as Adie - sorry, Delilah Faulkner - outlined it. People this obsessed did not let go that easily. And he's not even certain what he can do about it. He can only do his best to ensure there will be no more repercussions ... on Sam.

As for himself -

It is not the court case and judgment he is dreading now. It is the next two weeks. What does Delilah's twisted mind have in store for him? What will she make him do? Blood churns in the abyss of his rolling gut, and he feels like running to the bathroom to heave out his breakfast. But she will probably take offense to that and make things worse.

It's terrifying - not knowing what she would do next. It's like being trapped in the same room with a hornet, bracing yourself for its inevitable sting.

He can't take his eyes off his photos. He recognizes every one of them, dating back two years ago. Before Sam. During Sam. Pieces of his life, all chronicled in haphazard detail in someone else's pain scrapbook.

He's suddenly aware of Delilah watching him watch himself. A voyeur observing a voyeur.

She says softly, "You're beautiful, you know that?"

He swallows. "Thank you."

"I've loved you since the moment I saw you back in that library all those years ago. I knew who you were all right. Everybody in college did. You had this rare quality about you. Like James Dean. Like Marlon Brando in 'Streetcar'. A quality that radiates sex no matter what you wore and what you did. Everyone wanted you."

He doesn't say anything. Yes, it's a fact he is aware of and one he has milked to great advantage.

She says, "Take off your clothes, Brian."

"What?"

"Take off your clothes. I want you to do me right here. On the floor."

There's something so twisted about this that he doesn't respond - at first. He meets her steely grey eyes, and his heart wrenches.

Yes, I know the deal.

Hesitantly, he peels off his tee, the one he has only just put back on this morning. She scrutinizes his body as though she hasn't seen it only the night before. He unzips his pants.

His dick is limp. No surprises there. He doesn't get aroused easily when he's scared out of his f**king wits.

But she doesn't seem to mind. She undoes the sash of her bathrobe. She wears nothing underneath, and he takes in her ni**les and mounds and pubic triangle, as dark as he remembered it from college. He feels a stir in his c**k despite himself.

"Lick me," she commands.

He makes himself walk towards her. She stands, resolute, and he understands what she wants him to do. It's a role reversal, and he is her slave. He gets down on his knees, a position he is not used to. She parts her legs slightly, and he sticks out his tongue to lick her pu**y. He inhales the earthy aroma of her nether regions as he strokes the tip of her clit with his tongue.

He does not look up, but he can hear her sharp intake of breath as he continues to lave her - circumnavigating his tongue in between her pu**y grooves, which are already filled with a layer of cud.

He's gratified to hear her moan above him. It means that he still retains a modicum of power over her. Only their situation is so f**ked up. She wants him to do it to her in this strange room - her manifold shrine to his larger-than-life image.

All his eyes in those photos, watching them. Like peacock tail eyes.

It's beyond sick.

"I loved you back then," she whispers. "Even though I knew you didn't love me."

He doesn't reply, even though his guilty heart is slamming against his ribs and his pulse is pounding as though it would like to surge out of his arteries.

What about now? he wonders. Do you still love me? Do you love me so much that you want to destroy me? What's your game plan, Delilah?

2

I'll fix this.

Sam can still hear his words ringing in her head from two nights ago. She knew then he was going to do something rash. Something that involved letting Adele Jankovic ride rough shot over him. Sam's mind cringes at the possibilities, all too awful to contemplate.

And now he is missing for two nights. Two nights! He hasn't answered his phone. He hasn't replied to his text messages. She doesn't want to appear the fussy, nagging lover either, because that's simply not her. She doesn't want to harangue him about his whereabouts to death. Theirs simply wasn't - isn't - that kind of relationship.

So where the hell is he?

She is almost out of her mind with worry. She thinks of calling the police, but decides that she is not on their current favorite list.

Two f**king nights!

She clasps her hands. It's the only way to keep them from trembling. She eyes the phone, willing it to ring. Willing his voice to be on the other end:

Sammie, sorry I got holed up. I had to run to Detroit for a family emergency.

Sorry, Sammie, my phone ran out of battery. The shops didn't have a spare.

It isn't like him not to call in two days. They have been seeing each other rather often in the past six months, even if they had not been technically dating. She touches her ears. The diamond earrings he gave her are still embedded in her earlobes, fitted snugly into the holes she has bored into her flesh when she was a teenager.

It is exactly like him not to tell her what he's up to either.

Only ... she thinks she knows. And the knowledge of it is awful, awful, awful.

There's only one thing for her to do.

Resolutely, she grabs her jacket and her car keys. She is going to take a ride to a place she knows fairly well.

*

As Sam draws into the parking lot of Adele Jankovic's building, she sees what she is looking for. Brian's new Jeep, the one he traded the Ferrari in for to fund the advertising for their gym.

Her chest sinks when she records the visual affirmation. She closes her eyes, hoping the Jeep would vanish, or that it will be mounted with another number plate when she opens them again.

But everything maddeningly remains the same.

Brian is with Delilah Faulkner right at this very instance. Doing goodness knows what.

Sam can only imagine what Delilah Faulkner would want with him. She can only hope and pray that he returns in one piece.

Oh, but why does it have to hurt so much? She knows that Brian is only doing this to secure their future together, but why does the tradeoff feel so wrong? Everything here screams of wrongness.

Sam grips her steering wheel. The faux leather feels very hot in between her palms.

Is he really only doing this to secure their future together? Is there even a 'future' with Brian? I don't believe in love, I only believe in f**king. That used to be his mantra. She feels so torn. So incredibly torn apart. She wants so much to believe in Brian. Believe that he can actually ease into being someone 'normal' - with normal needs and wants. Monogamy. Happily ever after.

But is that too much to ask from someone who has never lived his life any way but vicariously?

There's still that nagging suspicion. That awful feeling that she has in the pit of her stomach that he thinks he owes Adele Jankovic something. The overwhelming guilt he must be mired in because of what he did to her. Such emotions are powerful beasts. You could live an entire life being beholden to another person that way. There's even a Chinese saying on it.

And Brian is the sort of person to do just that.

There's a pain in her chest so deep that she thinks her ribs will cave in with the sheer weight and crush of it. He's just the type who would sacrifice himself if he thinks it would do someone else a favor. He's loyal that way.

It hurts her so badly to know what he is. And there's nothing she can do about it.

Or is there?

Sam drives out of the car park blindly.

*

She trawls the streets, wandering aimlessly. Her mind is a restless churn of images, sounds, thoughts and jumbled streams. Brian, Brian, Brian. He's everywhere in her mind.

She sees their bodies entwined around each other's. His glorious green eyes, gazing down at her lovingly as his c**k moves within her snug passageway. His lips slightly parted and his pupils dilated with desire.

She parks, and sits in her car for a long, long time. A gaudy LED sign spills scattered reflections on her windscreen, and she looks up. It says: WHISKERS. The outline of a red neon cat winks at her. A bar.

Just what she needs to get sloshed.

She debates whether to call Cassie, but looks at the time. Eleven p.m. Cassie would be in bed with Caleb. Two lovebirds having the perfect, slightly dysfunctional relationship. Not like hers and Brian's. Theirs is majorly dysfunctional.

Besides, she doesn't want Cassie to think that she's calling her only when she needs a friend.

Footsteps alert her. A man is coming out of 'Whiskers'. Alone. He seems vaguely familiar. Then she recognizes him. Blond hair bleached pale in the moonlight and streetlamps. Firm, muscular body with bulging arm definition.

Thor from the gym.

Her breath catches, and she involuntarily shrinks into her driver's seat. He pauses, sees her car - which he clearly recognizes - and stops walking.

"Samantha?"

Sam freezes. OK, she's caught out.

She makes herself smile.

"Thor? Hi."

He comes to her window, and she reluctantly depresses the wind down button. His features are structured and chiseled in the wan light, and he seems very much an ethereal creature with his long, blond hair. Very Fabio-like. She thinks of his gym poster - the one where he dresses up as Thor, the Norse god of thunder - and has to suppress a laugh. Brian again with his own peculiar brand of advertising aesthetics.

"What are you doing all by yourself out here?" he asks. She can smell his cologne. "This is not exactly a safe neighborhood for a pretty young woman like you to be prowling alone."

She debates whether or not to tell him that she's waiting for someone. But since that isn't true, her tongue dries up. She has always been lousy at telling untruths.

She replies, "I-I was out ... thinking."

Hey, she tells herself, I'm his boss here. I'm supposed to be in charge. I'm supposed to know what I'm doing. Then why do I feel like a tongue-tied schoolgirl?

His expression turns knowing. "Boyfriend trouble?"

She doesn't say anything. Everyone at the gym knows that Brian and she are together. Well, as 'together' as they can get. Everyone knows that half the female employees have been trying to get into Brian's pants as well, without success.

Thor's lips spread, showing his teeth.

"Wanna go for a drink?" he says.

She wants to say 'no'. She has a load on her mind. But then she thinks of Brian and Adie together. In bed. Fucking for the last two days - for better or for worse.

She straightens her mouth and says, "Why not?"

3

Delilah Faulkner gazes at the sleeping Brian. There is a slow churn of emotions in her head every time she thinks of him, which is extremely often in the last few years.

She has run the gamut from blinding rage - rage so potent that it has eaten her from inside out, so much so that she had to seek therapy for it - to curious bliss. Like right now. So much of what she has become is the direct result of what this man did to her. Until she doesn't even remember the way she used to be anymore.

This man.

And what a man he is. A pang of envy stabs her heart when she thinks of Samantha Fox. What does he see in that woman? She will never know. And here he is, 'sacrificing' himself for that perky brunette's sake. There's that, and also the pervading guilt that he 'owes' her, Adele Jankovic, something major. Which of course he does.

The fact that Brian is here is a new development. She has never thought it would come to this. But it is a very welcome development.

She studies his immobile form.

God, but he's so beautiful. Too bad his eyes are shut now because they are his most beautiful feature. But when they are open, she doesn't like the look in them when he gazes upon her. More often than not, they have been filled with reproach and regret. She even catches him glancing sidelong at her with a funny look on his face. But when she faces him head on, he turns away quickly.

He hasn't changed all that much from college. Not really. But then, it hasn't been that long. His face is still unlined and smooth. His lips curved and sensuous. His jaw strong and firm. She can trace the outlines of that face and the graceful curvature of his neck forever.

She leans closer and breathes in the scent of him. He smells of sweat and soap and water. She takes in his slowly moving chest. If she lays her ear upon his heart, she knows she will hear its steady, insistent beat. But she doesn't want to wake him up. He looks too peaceful this way.

Of course, a lot of his turmoil when he is awake has to do with her. She allows herself a small smile of satisfaction. Then the corners of her mouth droop. There was a time she would have done anything for him. But now, she is on the precipice of either wanting to destroy him or preserve him forever - like a butterfly pinned in her private collection.

Like one of his surreptitious photos, tacked up on her corkboard in her room of secrets.

She watches him for a long, long while. Then she moves away from the bed. Quietly, very quietly, so as not to disturb him. She takes out a camera from her chest of drawers - all done with the minimum of noise.

She returns to the bed and slowly takes the covers away from his nude body, revealing the silky planes of his abs and musculature. She observes the tiny trail of hair that leads from his navel to his pubic bush, which sprouts like a tangle of fertile grass above his wonderful, thick c**k - which is now dormant. Unfortunately.

She aims the digital camera at his lush form and clicks. And clicks some more.

He still doesn't stir.

When she is satisfied that she has enough for her collection, she puts the camera away. She will scan those photos in later. And stare at them for a long time. She doesn't know which version she prefers - the actual man himself, beautiful and alluring; or the image she has so perfectly crafted of him in her bountiful private collection.

Still, he was a positive influence in her life. He made her understand, all those years ago, that she could be beautiful. She could be loved. Even if the whole thing was a shameful joke at her expense. He had unlocked a hidden portion of her that she didn't know existed.

Yes, the fallout was grim, but it wasn't completely because of what he did. She did try to kill herself, but that was because all the things in her life were going terribly wrong. By that time, she had been on drugs. Booze. Whatever she could get her hands on.

But everything did have a silver lining. Because something snapped in her somewhere along the line. Something that reinforced in her the will to survive - the iron will to make something of herself so that she would show him. So she worked hard and studied and graduated ... finally. Got herself a good job and f**king excelled in it. Then saved up enough to reinvent herself literally from head to toe.

That way, she was casting aside that old mold of herself. Embracing a shiny, new version. A stronger, more robotic model without the old insecurities and frailties that almost led her to end her life.

It worked.

So far.

But some part of her cannot maintain this cruel clinical detachment. She still feels something stirring for this impossibly gorgeous man, sleeping like an innocent babe in the woods.

He will not be hers for much longer.

Unless she wills it.

It's a heady feeling. This sudden power that she holds over this man and everything in his life.

Is she sorry for she did what she did to him? No. At least, that is what she tells herself. She hated him and loved him at the same time. There isn't a day that passes by that he hasn't occupied her thoughts and invaded her dreams. It's as if he made her - fleshed her out as surely as if he were her Maker.

And now he is her puppet. Meek and submissive. Not quite, but she would like to tell herself that. Brian would never be meek and submissive. He does everything she tells him to with a hidden resentment, a slow boil that would come to the surface sooner or later. And knowing he is bending to her will - letting her dominate him - because of this perky copper-haired woman, her rival, is beyond maddening.

She runs a lacquer-tipped finger down the curl of his cock. He has a gorgeous, gorgeous cock. So thick and firm and smooth. She loves the satiny feel of its head - the dome-shaped curvature of it. The little aperture at its tip that she can sink the tip of her tongue into. The long, juicy shaft of it with the plump vein running on top. She can just look at it forever.

She takes it in her hand and squeezes the head. The delicious piece of flesh immediately fills with warm blood. Brian stirs, sighing in his sleep. He's a creature of tactile sensation, she knows, by the way his c**k is rapidly lengthening and broadening. His c**k has a mind of its own, and if it decides to wake up, it has nothing to do with who she is and everything to do with the fact that a hand - any hand - is handling it.

She tries to imagine what it is like to have this man as a boyfriend. The way that inconspicuous Samantha Fox seems to have. To have him on your arm in the open, to flaunt him in front of all the gawkers and people you don't know on the street. Brian is very handsome, of course, but he possesses that extra charismatic quality that makes him stand out in a crowd. That quality which makes you swivel your head to look twice.

If only ...

She narrows her eyes.

His c**k is now turgid and standing up like a flagpole. He shifts his body slightly and murmurs something in his semi-sleep. He's not fully awake. Not yet. And no wonder. Two days have passed, and they have been scant out of bed. It's as though she's making up for years and years of lost time.

She keeps on massaging his cock. She curls her fingers around the bulb. She ensnares his shaft and rubs it back and forth. With her other hand, she cups his balls and tweaks them gently.

He opens his eyes drowsily.

"What time is it?" he mumbles.

"Time for more sex." She tightens her grip on his c**k and balls. "I want more sex."

He groans. "I've got to be getting back to Sam. Please, Delilah. She'll call the cops if I don't turn up sometime."

"After we have sex. Then you can go. But I want you back tomorrow night."

He lies very still for a moment. Her flashing eyes meet his crystalline green ones. Then his eyes slide away.

"All right," he says. His tone is listless, even though his c**k is anything but.

He stays very still as she lowers her pu**y down on his upright pointing head. She feels the familiar pushing back of her tunnel walls as his considerable girth spreads her. She mounts him all the way to his hilt, and then she begins to move on top of him. She never takes her eyes off his face for a second.

Neither does he from her.

They f**k without speaking. There are no words to say.

4

Thor is handsome, but a bit of a lunk head, Sam decides. He goes on and on about his workout. Of course, she's interested in all the different gym equipment routines, and how much creatine he takes and how much muscle mass he's building. But she wishes he would talk something else besides shop.

They are in a bar. Not the one she had been parked out at. That one looks a little rough. This is a nicer bar with nicer clientele. They are all dancing to something by Usher, and her feet begin to tap despite her moroseness.

She's not completely morose, of course. The vodka and lime helped to clear her head, dull her senses, and tease her into a false sense of euphoria. Thor's earnest face swims in her line of vision and she shakes herself mentally.

Time to go home.

"I think I'd better go home, Thor." Her speech is slightly slurred. She hasn't had so much to drink in a very long time.

"What's the rush?" he says. "It's only midnight."

"We both have to work tomorrow."

"Yeah, but you're the boss. You can come in anytime. And my shift doesn't begin until two." He pushes her half-empty glass to her. "Have some more."

Sam groans. "No. No more. I have a headache, and I'm sure as hell gonna have a monster of a hangover tomorrow."

"Going home to lover boy?" Thor's tone is nonchalant, but she catches the slight edge in it.

"I'm going home, period," she says firmly. Her relationship with Brian Morton is none of the staff's business, though they are curious enough to gossip daily about it.

"You're not in the position to drive."

"You're not either."

He grins. "Better than you. What do you say I drive you home and you can pick your car up later tomorrow?"

She glances at her wristwatch. "Tomorrow officially begins now."

"OK, later today."

He's still oozing charm. Smiling that slow smile that has several women at the tables around them tossing their heads to glance at him and her enviously. Sam wonders what it is about her lately that she seems to attract gorgeous men. Where were these men when she was twenty-five and lonesome?

"I don't know," she says. On one hand, she doesn't want to blow Thor off. He is her employee, for one, and it wouldn't do to sour employee relations. On the other hand, she has this prickly feeling that he's going to hit on her.

Well, if he does, she thinks soberly, I'm going to turn him down nice and easy.

But does she really want to? Especially when Brian is having a g*y old time getting reacquainted with his old college flame, whatever the reasons. With Brian, she can never be one hundred percent sure why he does the things he does. Every time she thinks they are on to something major - like a new level in their relationship - he does something to make her doubt him completely.

He has been through a lot lately, and she knows she should cut him some slack. A lot of slack. But the terrible, choking feeling that he is with Adele Jankovic - fucking, no less - continues to invade her consciousness.

Another thought suddenly strikes her. Maybe she is barking up the wrong line of conviction. Adele Jankovic is unstable. Obsessed. Dangerous. Perhaps she has Brian in her clutches, and she has drugged him. Imprisoned him. Hurt him!

Is it even possible?

Sam sits up suddenly. She should be calling the police.

"What's the matter?" Thor says.

But why should Delilah do that to Brian, right? She already has Brian in her clutches - where she wants him. In actual prison. All she has to do is wait for two weeks. So what is Brian doing in her place? What, what, what?

Sam's head is spinning. She buries her face in her hands and groans. Thor is right. She is in no position to make monumental decisions, let alone drive home.

Thor gets up and firmly takes her arm.

"Let's get you home," he says.

She realizes that she's in no shape to argue.

*

By the time they get to her apartment, Sam's blood alcohol has hit a limit that has her tripping over her own feet. Thor practically has to carry her into the elevator.

Sam laughs gaily. The world seems preternaturally bright. All those wonderful colors. And the slats of light with their haloes.

Thor smiles at her.

"Let's get you into bed, shall we?"

Tipsy as she is, Sam is well aware of the pass he is making at her. A large part of her is screaming 'No! Don't make a mistake!' But when she thinks of Brian in the arms of that redheaded vixen, her blood runs cold again. And hot. And cold.

Oh, she's an incredible mess!

When the elevator doors slide open, Thor supports her arms and shoulders as she stumbles out.

Brian stares at both of them. He's waiting outside her door, casual in his leather jacket. He looks pale and his hair is mussed up, but otherwise, he seems no worse for the wear. Her heart immediately leaps to her throat.

"Brian!" she cries. The fog in her brain is still fuzzy, but she forces it away. "Where have you been? I've been trying to call you for two days!"

"I lost my phone." He is still staring at Thor, who is still clasping her in a possessive way.

Sam tries to straighten herself. But what the heck? she thinks. Why am I feeling guilty? It's not as if we have a commitment. Besides, he's the one who has been missing for two f**king days!

Thor is seemingly ill at ease. But he doesn't take his hands off her. Good thing too, because she would have fallen on her face.

Brian says shortly, "I see you've been busy."

"Why didn't you call me?" she demands.

But she knows the answer anyway. Because we don't have a commitment to each other and we don't have to clock in.

"I've been busy too."

"Uh," Thor says, "perhaps I'd better go."

"No, it's all right. I'm going," Brian says, straightening his back to his full height. "I won't be in your way. Just make sure you have yourselves a good time."

"No, Brian, it's not like that!"

Sam makes to push Thor off her, and then the unbidden thought stops her again. Why should she? Then she thinks of the gym and earrings and everything Brian has done for her - selling his car to fund their advertising campaign. Hell, everything. And the guilt comes back in waves. Guilt ... and a sense of commitment.

She was right the first time. She's a veritable mess when it comes to Brian.

The words freeze in her throat as he thunders away. Not to the elevators, but down the stairs. She can only watch his escaping back - the slightly mussed-up chestnut hair that catches the light - as he disappears.

She doesn't go after him.

Anger rears up to bite her again. Who the hell does he think he is to judge her? How dare he?

Thor clears his throat. "Do you have your key? I'll get you in and put you into bed."

Suddenly, there's nothing more she wants than to get away from him.

"Um, I don't feel too good, Thor. I think I need to lie down."

"That's what I'm trying to get you to do."

"I mean alone." She pushes his chest away firmly. For good.

He actually looks hurt.

"Are you sure?" he says.

"Very sure. Please, I need to be alone right now. I'm not feeling too good." In fact, she thinks she might throw up on his shoes.

"OK," he says doubtfully, "but only if you're sure."

God, but is that the outline of his c**k within his jeans? Surely he can't get a stir from what just happened with her and Brian? But the bulge is very obvious.

"I'm sure." Her voice raises a pitch. "I'll see you tomorrow at the gym, OK?"

It takes an eternity for him to say "OK" and walk away. She waits till he goes to the elevator, stubs the button, looks back at her to ascertain she really means it - which she confirms by shooting him a glare - and then waits till the elevator doors shut on him before she resumes fumbling for her key.

Damn, damn, damn!

5

Brian is in the deep fugue of Xanax. It's the only way he could get to sleep. Besides, he's on duty at Delilah's tonight. She is going to make him f**k her three times in a row again, like he's some sort of battering ram. In essence, that's what he is to her.

It takes a long while for the incessant ringing of his doorbell to puncture through his skull. The sound drones on and on. This apartment isn't a penthouse. Far from it. So any sound permutations coming from the lounge are sure to lambast into the bedroom on the same level, especially since he left the bedroom door wide open.

He is completely naked. He had taken a shower when he came in. Two showers in fact, but it wasn't enough to make him clean. He still feels dirty all over. And guilty. The morass of emotions wandering in the mists of his head right now is a jumble, and one that he can't sort out any time soon.

He groans and buries his head under the pillow. But the ringing of the doorbell is now accompanied by loud thumping.

"Brian! I know you're in there, so open up! If you don't, I'll call the police!"

Sammie. Shit. The last person he wants to see. He can't face her like this. He really can't.

She sounds scared out of her wits too. Likely she's scared for him.

He has to see her anyway. Because in spite of whatever he saw last night, he knows he has no claim on her. It's his fault for not calling her for two days. He was ashamed. Too ashamed to do anything but allow himself to be led around like a slave.

But it was something he had to do to ensure she had a future. A future which will no doubt include Thor. Processing what he saw was only the beginning. He has to keep telling himself that she has no future with a would-be jailbird anyway, and so she was only doing what came naturally.

If only his mind isn't in such a dichotomy over her. If only he isn't such a f**k-up. No wonder his own family doesn't want anything to do with him.

It is this thought - ensuring her future - that makes him groan again, pull off the pillow and slide out of bed. Since it's her, he doesn't bother putting a robe on. He opens the door, stark naked. He is aware that he must look a fright with his hair standing up at all angles and his eyes bloodshot.

She stands on the other side of the doorway. He is right. Her face is strained with worry. She's also uncertain - probably because of the way he acted last night. Or was it this morning?

"Come in," he says.

She looks him up and down. "Are you stoned?"

"It's just Xanax. Though I should probably add some 'E' to it." He sees her face and then scrunches his own. "Kidding. Geez, can't you take a joke?"

He turns to get himself a pair of jeans, and then wonders 'What the f**k?' She's seen him naked only like a thousand times.

She walks in and plunks herself down on the sofa. He seats himself in the armchair opposite her. His balls twitch, and he feels his c**k rising at the sight of her. Embarrassed, he grabs a cushion and covers his crotch with it. Maybe he ought to get dressed after all.

"I was worried about you," she begins.

"So was my PE teacher when I tried to jerk myself off during detention."

He wishes his hard-on would subside against the cushion. He practically has to exert to hold the damn thing down.

"Where were you?" she says accusingly.

He contemplates lying, and then settles for a half-truth. "Settling a few debts."

She bites her lip. He knows she's upset. But he can't tell her about what he has been doing with Delilah. He really can't. She wouldn't understand. She would try to make him stop. She would tell him that he's in over his head and that Delilah is dangerous and all that crap. But she would never understand that he was doing it for her.

She opens her mouth to say something, and then seems to think the better of it. She bites down on her lower lip again. Hard. His heart skips a beat. It usually means that she knows or suspects something, and she's refraining from saying it because she doesn't want to cramp his style.

"Brian," she says meaningfully, although that is not the foremost thing in her mind, "please, please don't do anything ... stupid."

Define stupid.

"I'm not doing anything stupid," he replies.

"I mean with that woman. You never know what she's going to do to you."

He wants to deny he was with 'that woman'. But his heart won't let him lie even though his brain tells him it's the rational thing to do.

He says, "I'm not doing anything stupid, or foolhardy, or insane, or anything Republicans do. Happy?"

She gives him a look to suggest that she doesn't believe him.

"How's Thor?" he says lightly.

"I left him in charge of the gym."

He raises an eyebrow. "Oh, he can now get to deploy his management skills on a larger people group. Fancy that."

"He's not as stupid as you think he is, Brian."

"I didn't say he was stupid. I'm certain he has an I.Q. well into the low hundreds. He must be smart if he thinks you're hot."

She sighs. "Sarcasm isn't going to get you anywhere, Brian."

"I wasn't being sarcastic. I was trying to flatter you."

She gets up. "I'm going to fix you something to eat. You've got to be hungry."

He hasn't eaten anything all day. He will need energy for what must come tonight. Which he isn't looking forward to, even though his c**k will be up for the task, as it always is. It's a force of nature unto itself.

"You need any help?" he calls after her.

"I'll be fine. Go take a shower."

He doesn't need her to politely tell him that he stinks. Again.

*

After his (yet another) shower, he dresses in a white T-shirt and jeans. He immediately feels better. The aroma of spaghetti Vongole wafts into his bedroom. He comes out to the dining area and finds the table all set.

Deja vu.

But the woman carrying the steaming pot from the kitchen is wholesome and beaming. Sometime during his shower, Sam made the decision not to press ahead with her line of questioning. There's a resolve in her eyes and a spring to her step that he hasn't seen an hour minutes ago. It is as though she has figured something out and decided to do ... something.

He hopes it's nothing dangerous.

"You OK?" he asks her.

"Why wouldn't I be?" She sets the pot upon on the tablemat. Then she smiles at him. "Eat up."

He hadn't realized how hungry he was. He spoons a big helping of pasta on his plate, and she does the same.

Between bites, he says, "I want you to know that I'm totally OK with you and Thor."

She puts her fork down exasperatedly. "There's nothing going on between me and Thor."

"Just so you'd know."

"Are you trying to make yourself feel better about what you're doing, Brian?" she says sharply.

He stops chewing. "What am I doing?"

"I don't know. You tell me."

He waves his fork. "I'm eating your calorie-laden carbs."

She gives him a funny look that says, 'Just like you to fob off a wisecrack as pain management'.

After a while, their talk veers off to other things. Like how the gym is doing. He feels guilty for not having been to the gym for three days, but he can't bear to face anyone until he has worked this thing out.

Later, they just sit on the couch, watching TV. He has his arm around her, and she leans in to him and lays her head on his shoulder. They sit there quietly with so many words unsaid, each thinking their own turbulent thoughts.

6

It's crafty, but Sam believes she can pull it off.

All she needs is several items which she will pay for in cash, and a whole lot of guts. What's one more felony to be added to her list? She has already been charged for breaking and entering. If she's going to jail, she might as well go in style.

She doesn't say anything about her plan to Brian. She doesn't want him to stop her.

Instead, she says, "Why don't we stay in tonight and ... ?" She trails a finger down his chest suggestively.

He still looks exhausted. The Xanax didn't offer him a refreshing sleep.

"I can't," he says hesitantly. "I have other plans."

She knows what they are. This means she has to act quickly. She tries to mask the palpitations in her breast, but she is certain he can discern them. He doesn't say a word. There's a guilt in his eyes he cannot erase, and she pretends not to see it.

He says, "Do you have to go back to the gym?"

"Thor is in charge, so they won't miss me for a couple of hours."

"Good." He smiles. A little sadly. "I missed you."

"I missed you too."

For answer, he leans over to kiss her softly on the lips. His kiss holds so much meaning, so much regret that unbidden tears come to her eyes. She blinks them away quickly before he can see them. He kisses her again with feeling. She returns his kiss, open-mouthed, and soon, they are drinking in one another. Devouring each other's mouths with abandon and a rush of clasping hands and roaming palms.

He explores her mouth. He is the most wonderful kisser she has ever known, and he sucks in her breath, the depth of her, her soul. It's as though he knows he doesn't have much more time to spend with her and he's taking everything she's willing to give him.

They kiss and kiss again and again with mounting hunger.

Soon, he presses her down on the couch, holding his weight up on his elbows. Without taking his mouth off hers, he fumbles at his fresh jeans. A rip down there tells her that he has opened his fly. She knows he doesn't wear underwear as a general rule when he's at home, and she can feel his rock hard flesh straining against her clothes.

He pauses from their kiss long enough to undo the buttons of her jeans as well. Then he tears her jeans off her long legs, as if he's helping her shed her skin. She wears a plain white pair of cotton panties. He swiftly rips these off as well.

She is naked from the waist down, but he still has his pants on, even though his genitals are exposed. She sneaks a look down there. Somehow, his c**k seems even more enormous spilling out of his fly this way.

His brilliant green eyes meet hers and slide away. A pang twitches her chest. Even now, when he is about to f**k her, he has guilt issues. Wordlessly, he reaches into the pocket of his jeans for a condom. He certainly is well prepared.

He rolls the condom onto his super-erect cock. With a sigh, he positions it against her moist opening, and he pushes it in. Gently. She closes her eyes as his enormous width cleaves her silky walls.

Oh, Brian.

The internal struggle is still apparent on his beautiful face as he allows her to acclimatize to his girth, as he always does, before he starts rocking his hips. The fabric of his open jeans rubs against her pubis, belly and thighs. The rough friction of this combined with the unspoken tension of their situation only serves to her excite her further, as though this is an illicit tryst. A sordid f**k behind two walls of secrets.

They gaze at each other as they f**k. Emotions flit across his expressive eyes and face. He doesn't say anything. They merely grunt and make soft noises as they f**k away, the sweat beading on their foreheads and upper lips.

He waits till she climaxes before allowing his own pleasure to take him over. Then he comes with a sharp intake of breath. There's a soft whoosh as he releases it. He closes his eyes and collapses on top of her half-clothed body.

They lie there together for a long, long time without speaking.

7

It's been a week that he has been with Delilah Faulkner. She has phoned in to her office to take as much leave from work as possible, presumably to be with him. They f**k three times a day, and that does not include all the time they spend on foreplay and o**l s*x.

Delilah is not unpleasant to be with, Brian surmises. But he doesn't particularly want to be with her either. He'd rather be with Sam.

He feels awful having to lie to Sam like this. OK, so he omitted the truth. That's the same as lying, isn't it? He never told Sam where he has been, not even once. He guesses (correctly) that she suspects, but she is not saying a word because she respects his privacy and what he has to do.

It's better this way, he tells himself. This way, she has more time to get to know Thor or whoever it is she wishes to date once he's in prison and out of her life.

Today, Delilah has a suggestion.

"Let's go out," she announces.

He eyes her incredulously. "You want to be seen out with me, the man you accused of rape? That won't lend credence to your case, will it?"

His suspicion quotient immediately shoots skyward. What's she trying to pull? So far, she has insisted that he be absolutely discreet. He can only enter after dark. He cannot allow anyone to see him go into her apartment if he knows what's good for Sam. He is made to feel like the lover to the wife of a cuckolded husband. Only the truth is too bizarre to contemplate. Nobody would believe him if he told them.

She's playing with his c**k again. She appears to have a fascination with it. She snares it between her fingers and thumb, and she is pulling at it, giving him a languorous hand job. She treats him like a sex object.

The thought of this is depressing, even though women have treated him as a sex object for most of his adult life. But he was in control. He called the shots. He decided who he wanted to have sex with.

With Delilah, he has no control whatsoever. He does what she tells him, and it's freaking him out. More so as the days whittle past.

She says, "I'm tired of staying in here. I want to be seen out with you. Only I'm not going as me."

He furrows his brow. He watches her as she leaves him on the bed and walks to her built-in closet, stark naked. She rummages in there and takes out a brunette wig. She goes to the dressing table mirror and tries it on.

"You're wearing that?" he says.

"Why not?" She shoots him a pointed look. "You got a problem?"

They dress. She dons her wig proper, and he has to admit she looks pretty good. The plastic surgery job was astounding. No one would have recognized Adele Jankovic. And with her brunette, femme fatale wig, no one would recognize Delilah Faulkner either, unless you look really hard.

She makes him take a shower and brush his hair. As he is doing so, she wraps her arms around his waist and looks at his reflection in the mirror.

"You're so handsome," she murmurs, squeezing his waist tightly.

"Thank you."

The wistfulness he espies in her expression makes him think that this is not a random compliment. She has gotten more affectionate with him in recent days. She strokes his hair. She kisses him deeply. She lies in his arms when they fall asleep at night. Her obsession with him is turning into something else. Something he dare not admit.

They go out in his Jeep. He drives them all the way out of Chicago to a smaller town. She chooses a Chinese restaurant, and they dine on sweet and sour pork and lo mein. Just like a regular couple on a date. She gazes at him constantly with that strange light in her eyes. His discomfort level increases. Between courses, her hand snakes out for his on the table.

I am not your date, he wants to tell her through clenched teeth. But he's afraid to rock the equilibrium, especially since he's poured in so much effort.

She says, "I've always dreamt of this. Dreamt of us being together like this."

His voice is tight as he says, "Well, yeah, you can dream on. I may be going to prison in a couple of weeks. You made sure of that."

She smiles. "So you think my case is airtight?"

He straightens his mouth. "I'm going to fight you all the way on that stand, Delilah."

"But you're not going to say anything on this past week. We had a deal."

"The deal stands. No one knows about this. What we're doing." He's a man of his word, even if people think he has other questionable morals. "Who the f**k is gonna believe me anyway?"

She takes his hand again. The waitress is staring at them, admiring them for the attractive couple they are. The waitress may notice that his lips are pursed and he looks none too happy, but she may assume they are having a lovers' spat.

Delilah says, "Is what we are doing so terrible for you? You seem to be able to get it up every time without problems."

He sighs. "I get it up every time, Delilah, with anyone. It has nothing to do with you."

"A truly sexual being," she purrs, stroking his knuckles in an intimate way. Under the table, she has eased her foot out of her shoe. She nudges his shin with her stockinged toes.

He squirms uncomfortably. She is getting too coupley for his taste. Even Sam doesn't presume to get coupley, and Sam has a lot more claim than this woman.

"I like this," she confesses. "I like being with you. I have forgotten what it's like to truly be with you."

"You haven't truly been with me. What we did in college was - " he waves a diffident hand " - not me."

"I know. But I still like it anyway." She pauses. "I like it a whole lot more than I thought I would."

He frowns. "What are you saying?"

She runs the tip of her finger down the back of his hand. "I'm saying that ... " she seems to choke a little " ... that I may want this to continue. So here's a new deal. I'll drop all charges against you. But on one condition."

She raises her grey eyes to appraise him. There's a sudden vulnerability in them that he hasn't seen for a long time. Not since she was Adele Jankovic and bared her soul to him.

She says, "I want this. I want this to continue. I want us to be together. A couple." He flinches at the word, and she notices this. "I want you, Brian. You owe me."

Her face hardens.

He knows she is referring to her suicide attempt. The feeling of guilt overwhelms him again, but he tries to stave it off. No matter how guilty he was in the past, she's using her emotional strings to blackmail him now. For this is blackmail - clear as daylight.

He swallows the lump that has bolted to his throat. "For how long will this new deal continue?"

"For as long as it takes." Her eyes hold a gleam of something indefinable. It isn't madness. It isn't calculation. He realizes that she desperately wants to keep him with her.

He finds his blood running cold.

"I can't do that," he says. "I'm not in love with you."

Far from it. I'm in love with Sam!

There, he said it to himself And he didn't turn into stone.

"You were never the sort of man to 'do' love. So don't begin that sort of talk now."

"You want me to live with you. To be your lover. For keeps. There's no timeline definition." He is finding it hard even to live a lie for two weeks. And he's forcing himself to do it for Sam. He shakes his head. "I can't do that, Delilah. I can't live like that."

"You want to go to prison?" Her voice takes on an edge.

He shutters his eyes, and then opens them again.

"No, I don't want to go to prison. But in prison, at least I won't have to live a lie. So I'll take my chances on the stand."

Her complexion is mottled. Her voice is very cold.

"They are going to rape you in there. Someone with your face and body. You wouldn't last a week." She practically spits this at him.

"Maybe. But I can't live a lie, Delilah. Surely you'd understand that." She would be forcing him into a prison of her own devices. And even if he was out there - free in the sunshine - his mind and body would be confined in a prison every bit as claustrophobic as one with four walls and iron bars.

He can already envision it. He would be forced to come home to her every day. It wouldn't be a home. He would be a man of his word. He wouldn't take the 'deal', get her to drop the charges before the court case, and then renege on his promise. He doesn't make promises he knows he won't keep. He would force every fiber of his body to go through with it.

She is trembling with anger.

"You're rejecting me," she accuses him. "Again."

"I can't live a lie," he repeats. He sees no other recourse.

"If you say 'no' to me right now, our deal concerning your little girlfriend is off too. I won't drop my charges against her."

The threat hangs between them, electrifying the air. Now his veins are like ice.

"No," he says desperately, "we had a deal. I did everything you wanted of me."

"The deal was for right up to the court case. You've only done a week of it."

The slow boil of his indignation begins to simmer. "Come on, Delilah, leave Sam out of this. I agreed, you agreed. You're the one who changed the goalposts. It isn't fair."

"What you did to me back in college wasn't fair either," she says in a low, angry voice. "As well as what you made me do."

He winces again. This is his sore point where she is concerned.

"You owe me," she repeats.

"What I did to you was rotten, I agree. I'm sorry you couldn't deal with it. But what you did to me was totally unwarranted and illegal. You took almost everything I had. And it's only because I'm strong enough that I'm not putting a noose around my neck."

And it's also because he knows he has to live for Sam.

He continues in a controlled tone, "I would pretty much consider us even. There's no need to make me ... and Sam ... go on paying."

She shakes her head.

"I love you," she says, and her face and voice are so full of complex, painful emotions that he shudders. He has no doubt she means it too. It is obsession bordering on love, but it is love nonetheless.

He says gently, "You think you love me, but you don't. You've never known me. You've only known a caricature of me. You can't love an 'idea' of a person. I'm not who you think I am. You're trying to mold me into someone you want me to be, but I'm not that person."

"It's that woman, isn't it?"

He doesn't reply.

"It's her," she insists. "And I'll be damned if I let both of you have each other. You think about it, Brian. I'll give you two days. You and your little lovebird can go to separate prisons, or you can do the right thing and repay what you owe me."

8

Sam can see that Brian is extremely troubled.

He is home tonight, and she guesses that Delilah has released him from his duties. But why? It could be as mundane as her having to attend an office function tonight. It could also be as sinister as him having done something to displease her.

Whatever it is, she's frightened for him. She senses that a woman as psychologically disturbed as Delilah would never let him go easy.

She makes both of them a simple meal of salad and butternut soup. They talk about the gym. About Thor running the gym while she's away and annoying all the other trainers. Brian laughs. She smiles at him. It's good to see him laugh. She hasn't seen him laugh in a very long time.

After dinner, he says gravely, "I have something to tell you."

She tenses, but tries to appear outwardly calm.

He takes in a deep breath. "I did something really stupid."

He tells her, in fits and starts, about Delilah and the 'deal' he made with her. She listens, not interrupting, until he finishes.

He looks up at her expectantly. "Well, are you going to ream me out?"

Tears come into her eyes, and she blinks them away.

She says, "So you did this because she promised you she would withdraw the charges against me?"

She is trembling.

He did this ... for me.

The stupid, stupid lunk head. How could he have done this? Sacrificed himself like that at the altar of the woman who ruined him ... for her? Of all the moronic, imbecilic, unbelievable things to do! She envisions him being used like a sex slave for days on end and shudders.

He didn't technically tell her what went on in bed between him and Delilah, of course, but she can well imagine it. All those positions that woman probably made him contort himself into. All those surfaces she made him f**k her against. All those things with his hands and mouth and c**k that she made him do to her. One can get moist just thinking about it ... and outraged.

He flinches, as if he's expecting her to go mental on him too.

But she doesn't. She doesn't straighten the crooked smile that appears on her face, and she knows it's there because the corners of her mouth are starting to ache from it.

"Why're you grinning?" he demands.

"Because of you. You dopey, loony dumbbell. Whatever possessed you to do such a thing? You might as well throw yourself into the fire and make a deal with the Devil himself."

He flushes. He says in a low voice, "It isn't only because of you, although you are the main reason I did it. I feel as if I owe her something for what I did to her. You know ... back in college."

"Brian, you can't keep on blaming yourself. What happened to Adele was rotten, yes, but she made her own choices. And she has punished you well for that. She has no right to demand this ... this travesty from you and go on punishing you. No one has the right to do that to another human being."

For all his bravado, he can be so emotionally irrational at times. But perhaps there lies the root of his problems. He has the emotional maturity of a teenager, even though physically and professionally, he's all grown up. It had a lot to do with him being an abused kid, Sam thinks sadly.

Brian sighs. "Then why do I feel so f**king guilty?"

She moves closer to him and puts her arm around his shoulders. He's gone thinner. Much thinner. Too much stress and worry.

Now it's her turn to take some of that away. Or maybe add to it, depending on how he would react.

She says, "Brian, I haven't been totally honest with you either."

He raises his eyebrows. "Is this about Thor?"

She hisses exasperatedly. "Are you kidding? Snap out of it already about Thor. He's nothing to me, OK? Nothing! No, this is much more important. You see, I followed you that night. And ... "

She tells him what she has done. His eyes go round.

"No shit!" he yells when her story is finally over. "Damn it, Sammie, what you're doing is f**king dangerous!"

"I've done it anyway," she says. Her shoulders steel themselves determinedly. "What's done is done. Now what the hell are we going to do with it?"

9

In the Court of General Sessions, Brian and Karen Sandler, his attorney, stand as the Honorable Rufus B. Cowan takes his seat at the bench. The courtroom is full today. Brian grimaces. A good portion of the general public as well as a sprinkling of the city's press have turned out in full force to watch him get hammered.

His mother, a beautiful dark-haired woman with startling green eyes - his eyes - sits silently on one of the pews behind him. He's extremely aware of her presence and that of Sam's. He's glad his father and uncle decided to stay away. His father would probably be glad to see him in the slammer.

"That's where you belong, you little f**ker," his father had told him once when he was hauled out of school again for smoking dope.

Delilah Faulkner and the ball-busting Assistant District Attorney, Norma Hennessey, occupy the prosecutor's table, right next to the jury box. Brian steals a look at the jurors. Six men, six women - their ages running the gamut of twenty-something to sixty-something. He supposes that's how the lawyers chose them - to eliminate favoritism.

Not that he's going to be a favorite of anyone here.

Unless ...

He met up with his mother before the proceedings.

"Brian," she says coolly. "You look well."

As well as he can under the circumstances. His mother is dressed in a well-cut Chanel suit. Her hair is impeccable, as always, but her hands betray a slight tremor and her eyes are slightly glazed. Brian knows what that means - his mother has indulged in her morning libations, as usual. The two sharp shots of alcohol would have rendered her into a pleasant stupor till mid-morning, so that she would be oblivious to whatever was happening around her, even if her eyes were fully open.

Some things never changed. He supposes he should be glad for her actually turning up at all.

"So do you, Mother," he says, kissing her cheek. She smells of dry twigs and pressed powder.

Sam is waiting behind him, and so he steps aside.

"Mother, this is my friend, Samantha. Samantha, this is my mother, Angelique."

Sam offers his mother a hand. Angelique shakes it with a weak grasp. Brian notices the liver spots on his mother's skin.

"I'm so glad to have finally met you," Sam gushes.

Brian knows Sam is trying to be nice because this is the first time she has ever met any member of his family. Well, don't hope for too much, Sammie.

Angelique does not return the sentiment. He knows he should have warned Sam about his mother. Don't expect any semblance of normalcy.

"I suppose I'd better check out the restroom before your trial, Brian," his mother says. "Good luck, just in case I don't manage to speak to you before it starts."

"Thank you, Mother." He allows her to kiss his cheek.

Then she turns tail and vanishes in the direction of the restrooms. Sam stares after her, the disappointment obvious on her face.

"Don't mind her," Brian says.

Sam gives him a smile. "At least she showed up."

Which echoes his sentiments perfectly.

"Caleb wanted to come too," he says, "but he couldn't get off work. Anyway, I don't want this trial to turn into circus freak show with all my friends showing up. It's not exactly as if I'm the good guy here."

"I know. But both Caleb and Cassie are behind you one hundred percent. You know that."

"Caleb maybe." He grimaces. "I'm sure Cassie won't mind seeing me tucked away behind bars for a millennium or two."

Sam's lack of response to this validates his observation. She straightens his tie in a loving gesture.

"You look like a million bucks," she says, changing the topic.

At Karen's behest, he had suited up nicely. He is wearing his dove grey Armani, and his hair has been combed and styled immaculately.

"It's important to let the jury see what a fine, upstanding member of the community you are, and it's important you do not look like a common ra**st," Karen had said.

Brian clasps Sam's hand at his tie. His eyes arrest her shining ones.

His voice is hoarse as he says, "Thank you."

"I didn't do anything."

"Yes, you did. Whatever happens ... thank you."

He kisses her on the lips, long and hard, before she can protest. She falls into the kiss, her arms going around his neck.

Someone clears her throat behind them.

"Brian," Karen says, "it's time."

He releases Sam from the kiss. Her eyes are moist as she gazes at him.

"I care for you ... very, very much," she whispers.

"I care for you too," he replies.

A strange feeling permeates his insides, turning his organs into mush. He turns away from Sam before he can betray himself.

The courtroom hushes as Judge Cowan takes his seat amid a clatter of chair against floor. Then everyone takes their seats as well with scrapes and much adjusting. Brian's eyes stray to the jury again. He can feel them appraising him, taking in his careful appearance. The women in particular seem admiring of his looks. He hopes they are thinking that someone who wears Armani can't possibly be a ra**st.

Fat chance.

He's not sure about the men though. From the way they are giving him the once over, they don't seem to have an opinion.

Yet.

The proceedings begin.

Norma Hennessey stands up. "The prosecution calls Delilah Faulkner to the stand."

Delilah Faulkner is not looking her best today. She is dressed in a simple black skirt suit - neat but not expensive looking. Her usually glorious red hair has been pulled back into a bun, and several strands stick out from it, giving her a slightly disheveled appearance. Her eyes are ringed and her face is very pale. Her usually lacquered fingernails have been pared down and bitten.

God, Brian thinks. She's really giving the jury a show. A prickle of discomfort creeps around his neck, and he has to loosen his tie.

A marshal swears Delilah in.

Brian tenses as Norma Hennessey goes through the preliminary identification questions. Then Delilah is ready to begin her story.

"Ms Faulkner, do you know the defendant, Brian Morton?"

Delilah stares hard at him. He meets her eyes. Her lower lip starts to tremble, and she clutches at the witness stand as if she is going to fall.

Delilah whimpers, "Y-yes, I do. I met him ... in the lobby of his apartment building."

"When?"

"Around nine p.m., on the night of ______" Delilah gives the date.

"Tell us what happened on that night, Ms Faulkner," Norma coaxes her gently.

Delilah takes a deep breath. She trembles again. Brian clenches his fist under the table.

"Do you need some water?" Norma says in a solicitous tone.

"N-no. I can continue."

Delilah seemingly takes a moment to compose herself, all the while looking like a frail waif who has been victimized. She stares at the jury. Brian seizes them up. Their expressions range from the non-committal to the concerned.

Delilah says, "I was visiting a friend. I brought some pasta. I was walking through the lobby of Mr. Morton's apartment block, when the elevator doors opened beside me. This man, Mr. Morton, steps out and collides into me. The pasta sauce spilled all over the front of my dress. Mr. Morton said he was sorry. I was extremely uncomfortable because he was looking down my dress at that time. He had this ... this look on his face."

"What look?"

"A strange look. His eyes were gleaming, and he looked as if he would like to eat me."

"Objection, your Honor," Karen asserts. "I object to the descriptions used by the plaintiff. It is merely her conjecture and it was dark in the lobby."

"Objection sustained," says the judge. "Stick to the facts of the case, Ms. Faulkner."

"Yes, your Honor. Mr. Morton then invited me up to his penthouse to help get me cleaned up."

"Did you accept his invitation?" Norma says.

"Not at first. I told him I was there to visit a friend, but he insisted. I saw no harm in his invitation at first ... and so I allowed him to persuade me to follow him upstairs."

"Objection. The language used is misleading."

"Sustained. Once again, Ms. Faulkner, I must ask you to stick to the facts."

"Yes, sir."

Norma Hennessey says, "All this can be corroborated in the footage recorded by the security camera in the apartment lobby, your Honor."

The court takes a pause to allow a television screen and VCR to be wheeled in.

"Relax," Karen whispers to Brian.

Easy for you to say, Brian thinks, squirming. He turns to Sam behind him, and she gives him an encouraging smile.

His mother's expression is stony.

The videotape plays for the courtroom audience. Brian watches it for the second time despite telling himself he wouldn't. The lobby scene plays again. The collision. The conversation. The smile on his face - smug, predatory. Just as Delilah described it. He can hear some of the jury members tittering.

When the video finishes playing, Norma Hennessey resumes her examination.

"What happened next?"

"I followed him up in his private elevator to his apartment. It was the penthouse. I remember thinking that Mr. Morton must be a man of considerable means. He started to take off his clothes and asked me if I wanted something to drink."

"Did he take off all his clothes?"

"Not at first. Just his jacket." Delilah details all this with hesitancy and strain, as if the memory of it is so horrific that it pains her to relive it. "I went to the bathroom to clean up the front of my dress. My dress was wet, and I had nothing else to wear. So I borrowed Mr. Morton's bathrobe."

"His personal bathrobe?"

"It was hanging there in his guest bathrobe, so I assumed it was a guest bathrobe."

"Go on."

"When I came back to his lounge, he had poured us both a drink. I asked him if I could dry my clothes. He told me to take my dress to the tumble dryer, and that he would change into something more comfortable. When I came back, he had already changed his clothes."

"What was he wearing?"

"I-I'm not sure. A T-shirt, I guess. And a pair of jeans. I was sitting on the couch. He sat next to me immediately, and we both drank."

"What was he drinking?"

"I think it was bourbon."

"And what were you drinking?"

"Vodka. But I only had a sip of it. That was when he started to kiss me."

"Kiss you? You were both still sitting on the couch?"

"Yes. He leaned over, grabbed my arms roughly, and started to kiss me." Delilah flashes Brian a look of intense pain. He winces. "At first, I didn't know what to do. He starting grabbing my br**sts, my arms, everything. He was quite rough. I started pushing back against his chest, but he was far stronger than me."

"Objection!"

"Overruled. Let the plaintiff continue her testimony, Ms. Sandler."

"He pushed me down against the sofa, and that is when I started to scream and beat him off with my fists. But he was very strong and I ... couldn't fend him off. He started to rip my bathrobe. I struggled out of his grasp and tried to run from the sofa, but he grabbed me by the hair and we both fell onto the coffee table. It broke. I got shards of glass in my palms, my forearms, everywhere.

"I screamed again, but I realized no one could hear me all the way up in this penthouse. Despite my injuries, I tried to escape once more, but Mr. Morton grabbed me again. I hit my head on something, and everything became a bit of a blur."

Delilah pauses, overwrought. There are tears in her eyes.

Brian's fingernails are indenting his palms. He hasn't realized he was clutching his fists so hard. He remembers Officer Cutter's remark on the night Sam was brought in to the station. All those photos ... merely prove that Ms. Faulkner may indeed have an interest in you. But it still doesn't prove that you didn't rape her.

"He pushed me down onto the floor. And he ... he raped me. Repeatedly." The tears start to run down Delilah's cheeks. "He sodomized me. I tried to fight him all the way, but he was too strong. Finally, he passed out from too much drink, I believe. It was then I gathered my clothes and made my escape."

Norma Hennessey is sober. And very grim. As are the jury and the entire courtroom. Brian remembers what Karen told him about Norma Hennessey - she specialized in prosecuting ra**sts and convicting them because she was a rape victim herself. This means she is doubly vengeful.

"Did anyone see you flee the premises?" Norma asks.

"Yes. The doorman."

"What happened then?"

"I was very distraught. I was injured. The doorman tried to help me, but I was not in the right state of mind. All I could think of doing was to stumble to my car and drive myself to a hospital."

"Did the defendant follow you?"

"I don't think so. He was passed out."

"Thank you, Ms. Faulkner. There are no further questions."

"Your witness," Norma says to Karen.

10

Sam steals a look at Angelique Morton's face when Delilah tearfully details her rape at the hands of Brian Morton. Angelique is impassive, her WASP features betraying nothing. Sam can't imagine what it would be like to have a mother like Angelique. Her own mother is ditzy and horny and a tad irritating, but she's basically harmless.

No wonder Brian is so damaged. No wonder he has enough disorders to warrant his own classification in the psychiatric diagnostic manual!

Karen Sandler goes to the witness stand where Delilah Faulkner is drying her tears. Sam has to admit that Delilah put on a pretty good show, if indeed it was a show. That's where her own greatest fear lies. What exactly happened on the night of the opera? They can prove all they want that Delilah was obsessed with Brian, but can they convince a jury of skeptical people that he didn't rape her when he wasn't too sure himself of what exactly happened?

Karen's voice rings out loud and clear in the oak-paneled courtroom. "Ms. Faulkner, you stated that you met the defendant in the lobby of his apartment building on the night of _______."

"Yes." Delilah dabs her eyes with a tissue.

"Was that the first time you met him?"

Delilah hesitates. "No."

"Where have you met him before?"

Sam can only see the back of Brian's chestnut head, but she can tell from the posture of his shoulders that he is extremely tense. Her own heart is palpitating away like a drumbeat.

"In college."

Murmurs run through the throng.

"Were you both friends or passing acquaintances?"

Delilah cocks her head to glance at Brian. "We were ... acquaintances. Mr. Morton was in his senior year and I was a freshman."

Karen makes a big show about holding up two college yearbooks, which she passes to the judge and members of the jury. One features an article on Brian and soccer. The other has a photo of Delilah, then known as Adele Jankovic.

"You went by the name of Adele Jankovic in college. Is that correct?"

"Objection." Norma Hennessey is on her feet. "My client is not on trial here."

"Your Honor, I am trying to establish reasonable doubt as to the plaintiff's motives here in claiming rape."

"Objection!"

"Overruled. You may proceed with your line of questioning, Ms. Sandler." The judge leans back and looks interested.

"Did you have a sexual relationship with Mr. Morton in college?"

"Yes." Delilah seems composed. Norma nods at her encouragingly. This scenario has obviously come up in their conversations after Sam was caught breaking and entering into Delilah's apartment.

"How long did it last?"

"Four days."

"Four days? Not much of a relationship, is it?"

"No. Brian didn't do girlfriends. He was quite clear about it." Delilah says this as a matter-of-fact, without a trace of bitterness or regret.

"After this relationship ... ended, you took an overdose of sleeping pills."

Gasps run through the audience.

"Not immediately. Some time had passed. I was very ... troubled by a lot of things. But not by Brian. My parents were in the midst of a divorce and I was very ... affected by it. I loved my parents, and it killed me to learn that my Dad was having an affair with another woman."

"So Mr. Morton's rejection of you wasn't a part of it? Because it was public knowledge on campus that he played an April Fools' joke on you in loving you and then dumping you."

Murmurs from the audience. The faces of some jurors wear disapproval. Sam hopes that this line of questioning won't paint Brian in too bad a light. They are going to need the jury to like Brian later. But the truth has got to come out first.

"Objection. I don't see where this is leading, Your Honor."

"Your Honor, bear with me, please. I am establishing a possible reason as to why Ms. Faulkner is putting my client on trial for rape when he claims he can't remember what happened."

"Objection. Too much conjecture on the defense counsel's part!" Norma's face is apoplectic.

"Sustained."

Karen composes herself. "Did you recognize Mr. Morton on the night of the alleged rape?"

"I was not sure at first ... but later, yes."

"And you did not confront him on this fact?"

"I had changed my appearance as part of my rehabilitation program after ... my overdose attempt. Mr. Morton did not recognize me. I was playing along, wondering when he would recognize me. But it was too late because he had already attacked me."

"Allegedly attacked you. Such a coincidence, wouldn't you say? A man you had sexual relations with in college. Fancy meeting him again after all these years."

"Objection!"

"Withdrawn."

Karen paces in front of the witness stand for a while, makes a point to go up to the jury box, peers into the jurors' faces, and then swivels back to Delilah. Delilah is looking a tad hot under the collar.

Karen shoots, "Who is the friend you were meeting at Mr. Morton's apartment block?"

Delilah blinks. She isn't expecting this. "Pardon?"

"Who is the friend you were meeting at Mr. Morton's apartment block? You said you were on your way to meet a sick friend. That was what the spaghetti Bolognese was for, you mentioned."

A pause.

Delilah says, "Her name is Susan."

Karen goes to her desk and rifles through some papers. She picks up a sheaf.

"This is the owner and tenant list of Mr. Morton's apartment block. Susan, you say. Susan ... Susan." She pretends to thumb through the names. "I don't see a Susan here, Ms. Faulkner."

"Objection. May I remind the defense counsel that Mr. Faulkner is not on trial here?"

"I am merely trying to establish several inconsistencies in Ms. Faulkner's statements to both the police and the court. A fact the police should have investigated more thoroughly."

"Overruled. Continue, Ms. Sandler." The judge is definitely interested.

"Please answer the question, Ms. Faulkner. Remember, you are under oath," Karen insists.

Delilah appears stunned. Sam bunches her fists upon her lap. Caught out in her own game! The jury is leaning forward, clearly excited about this new turn of events.

Delilah finally answers, "I may have gotten my facts jumbled up in the ... the terrible confusion. I was passing through the lobby on my way to another building. I don't ... fully remember, because everything was so traumatic."

Karen says, "And yet you parked at that very building. Your car and its registration plates were captured by the surveillance camera. You drove in at 8.03 p.m. The incident at the lobby where Mr. Morton spilled sauce all over your dress was at 9.15 p.m. What were you doing for a whole hour there, Ms. Faulkner?"

The audience in the courtroom awaits with bated breath. Sam thinks of the incident in the opera house when Brian's phone started beeping because his alarm went off in his apartment. It had always struck her as a little off-key. Had Delilah done something to the alarm to get him to come back?

Delilah says, "I don't remember."

She was obviously schooled in the 'I don't remember' clause. When caught out in a lie, plead post-traumatic stress amnesia.

"Are you sure you don't remember?"

"Objection. Counsel is badgering the witness."

"Withdrawn."

Karen goes to the desk, exchanges a look with Brian, and then proceeds to pick up the large cardboard stacks on the side. "May I seek help in mounting these, Your Honor?"

Pretty soon, Sam's incriminating photos of Delilah's secret 'obsession' room - which have been carefully pasted onto several cardboard pieces and mounted on tripods - are laid out in front of the court. Karen makes a show of distributing these cardboard stacks to the judge and members of the jury.

Karen announces, "Allow me to explain the nature of this exhibit."

"Objection!" Norma is on her feet again. "These photos were obtained through unlawful and illegal means!"

"Explain," says the judge.

Norma launches into a mini-version of Sam's misdemeanors at Delilah's apartment and her subsequent arrest, punctuating her rhetoric with plenty of finger-pointing. Sam feels like sinking lower and lower into the ground as people stare at her.

"I move to appeal that this 'evidence' should be struck off as it was obtained by fraudulent means, Your Honor," Norma thunders.

Karen says, "I call to reference the case of Ableman vs Salidas in Sept 2010. In the case of The People vs Brian Morton, there is a need to ensure a just resolution to what could be an innocent man's fate. This evidence may have been obtained through less than credible means, but it was the only means in which it could be obtained. Had the police raided Ms. Faulkner's apartment, they would have found the exact same thing."

Norma says heatedly, "Article 8 of the Human Rights Act establishes a right to respect an individual's private life, including her home and what she has in it!"

"And may I remind you of the court's decision in the case of Ableman vs Salidas, Your Honor? In the overwhelming light to establish the truth in the interest of justice, the court allowed the presentation of the evidence by the private detective. The evidence allowed the defendant, Martin Salidas, to be proven not guilty."

Norma says, "But it was not so in the landmark case of Imerman v Tchenguiz back in July 2010. The Court of Appeal said it would not condone unlawful activity simply because it was feared that the other party will behave unlawfully and conceal that which should be disclosed. Any information gained through unlawful means should not be used in court."

Sam's heart sinks lower. So much hinges on this.

Karen says, "Your Honor, it is the court's discretion to allow admissible evidence, even if it was obtained unlawfully, if it is in the interests of justice to do so. This discretion can be exercised in accordance with the significance or weight of the evidence in question, and with regard to the gravity of the law-breaking concerned."

She looks meaningfully at the Judge.

Sam knows that underneath all that legal jargon, Karen is pleading with the Judge to allow this evidence because of Brian's situation.

After a long pause, the Judge says, "I will take this under advisement." He glances at his watch. "It's time for a lunch break. We will reconvene in an hour. Both counsels ... in my chambers ... now."

Sam watches as both Norma and Karen storm after the Judge into his chambers behind the courtroom.

Brian turns to Sam, his expression concerned. They hug over the divider, oblivious to the stares around them.

"What if he doesn't allow this?" Sam whispers in Brian's ear.

"Don't worry about things you can't control." He smiles at her as he tucks a strand of her coppery hair behind her ear. "You hungry?"

*

Brian, Sam and Angelique have a quick sandwich lunch in the bistro downstairs. People keep glancing over at them, but do not approach, thank goodness. The situation is uncomfortable enough with Angelique in their midst.

Angelique is trying to make conversation. 'Trying' is the right word, because Sam thinks Angelique doesn't do it very well.

"How long have you two been going out?" Brian's mother says. It may have been an attempt to be casual, but from Angelique, it comes off as probing.

Sam doesn't reply but looks instead to Brian. He takes a sip of coffee to compose himself.

"A little over a year," he says.

Sam tries to meet his eyes, but he refuses to engage hers.

"That's nice, Brian," Angelique says. "It's splendid to know you have been with someone this long. It must be a record for you."

"Thank you for the observation, Mother."

"And would you two be settling down anytime soon?"

Brian wears a funny expression that can be interpreted as 'Help me out here'.

Sam quickly intervenes. "We're not technically going out, Mrs. Morton. We're just really, really good friends."

Angelique's features soften. "You've done a lot for my son, Samantha. I want to thank you for that."

"I'm not sure it will be admissible in court."

Brian says, "Sam was arrested for what she did, Mother." He closes his hand tightly over Sam's. "I don't think I can ever repay her for that."

You tried to, Sam thinks, tears coming to her eyes. She quickly blinks them away. She's getting super-emotional lately. She's glad she isn't on the stand.

Karen Sandler is nowhere to be seen during lunch. Brian checks his cellphone, but there are no messages from her either.

"Must be quite a long session in the Judge's chambers," he says guardedly.

After lunch, they are quite subdued when they troop back to the courtroom. Everyone else resumes their seats. Karen and Norma reenter the courtroom. Karen takes her seat beside Brian at the defendant's table and whispers something to him. Sam can't hear what it is, but she can tell that Karen appears quite anxious.

Sam tries to quell the negative thoughts that threaten to spring up like weeds.

Judge Cowan returns.

"All rise."

Amid the scrapes of chairs, everyone rises, and then sits again as the Judge takes his place.

After a few introductory recaps, he announces, "Due to the nature of the evidence, which was unlawfully obtained and which contravenes Article 8 of the Human Rights, which is the right to respect an individual's private life, including her home, I have moved to strike it off. The photographs may not be used in court."

A collective murmur issues through the crowd. Sam's spirits sink.

Damn.

It is up to Brian now to prove Delilah's malicious intent.

Then there's the issue about the other piece of 'evidence'. The one that is coming up. Is the Judge going to strike that one off too?

11

The next day, Brian has to sit through the rest of the prosecution's witness testimonies. Norma Hennessey has called Manny, the doorman of his apartment building.

Manny testifies - all the while looking at Brian sheepishly - that Delilah had indeed run out of the elevator doors that fateful night. Her mascara was streaked and her hair was in a mess. There were scratches on her arms and chest that he could see above the swelling of her br**sts.

"I tried to stop her to ask her what happened ... but she was crying and shaking her head. She ran to the parking elevators. I debated whether or not to call the police - "

He eyes Brian again with a guilty expression on his scrunched features.

"And why didn't you?" Norma Hennessey says.

Manny hesitates.

Brian nods. Just tell the truth, it's OK.

"I wasn't sure what was going on. Mr. Morton ... he has always been good to me. Polite, always. I wanted to give him a chance to explain. And it's the first time this has ever happened with one of his ladies - "

"That will be all, Mr. Polchek. Your witness." Norma nods at Karen.

Karen stands up.

"You were going to say something about Mr. Morton's ladies, Mr. Polchek. Please continue."

Manny says apologetically, "Mr. Morton ... he was always good with the ladies. He usually brings plenty of ladies home."

"Ladies? Do you mean hookers?"

"No!" Manny seems aghast. "These are nice ladies. Uh well, ladies who are not hookers, I mean."

"Plenty of ladies?"

"Yes. Before Mr. Morton moved out, he had plenty of ladies come to ... visit him."

"Were these overnight visits?"

"Yes."

"Would you say Mr. Morton had an easy time attracting the ladies?"

"Oh, yes," Manny avows. "He's a handsome man. And charming. And rich too. Ladies go for all that."

Brian cringes. Manny has always idolized him for his looks, money and charisma. A lot of guys did - before his fall from grace, of course.

"How many ladies has Mr. Morton had over in his apartment?"

Manny freezes, unsure if he is to continue.

"Go on," Karen coaxes him. I'm his attorney. I won't let him come to harm.

"Uh, hundreds over the years."

"Hundreds of different ladies?"

"Yes."

"Not the same ones twice?"

"No ... except for Ms. Fox." Manny points at Sam, sitting in the audience. "She stayed over plenty of times."

Brian glances back at Sam, who nods at him encouragingly.

Karen continues, "Have any of these ladies over the years seemed reluctant to you, Mr. Polchek?"

"In what way do you mean?"

"Did they resist Mr. Morton in any way, in your observation?"

"No. It was the other way around most of the time. They were very eager to go with Mr. Morton."

"Does Mr. Morton strike you as a man who needs to force a woman to have sex with him, Mr. Polchek?"

"Objection," Norma interrupts. "Mr. Polchek's opinion is of no relevance in this case."

"Mr. Polchek has been a witness to many of Mr. Morton's dalliances over the years. Since you are using him as a witness to Ms. Faulkner's physical and mental state on the night of _______, it is only appropriate that I should cross-examine him on the normal conduct of the defendant."

"Objection overruled. You may answer the question, Mr. Polchek."

Manny hesitates again.

He finally says, "I don't think Mr. Morton ever needs to force a woman to have sex with him. At least ... if he is fully conscious and not under the influence of any drugs or alcohol."

Brian winces. As if he needed to hear that last bit.

"Thank you, Mr. Polchek. That would be all."

*

If Brian thought that Delilah's and Manny's testimonies were difficult to sit through, he is practically squirming in his wooden seat as the Emergency doctor who examined Delilah on that night takes the stand.

The doctor's name is Fran Granger. Curly red hair. Freckles. Pale, pale skin - the kind that hasn't seen the sun in months. She glances briefly at Brian, and purses her mouth.

Uh oh, Brian thinks. She's nailed me to the cross already.

Dr. Granger goes on to describe, very graphically, what she found when she examined Delilah that night. She reads from her hospital case notes.

"The patient was extremely frightened, distraught. She had multiple lacerations and contusions on her upper arms, chest, abdomen and legs, consistent with a struggle of some sort. I performed a vaginal examination on her. There were lacerations there as well along with other signs of forced entry."

Brian locks eyes with her. Fran Granger shoots him a look of extreme hostility. Nice to see that some women aren't taken in by his good looks and charm. He hopes there are not too many of those on the jury.

"I obtained a sample from the se**n stains I found inside her vagina. I examined her anus and rectum as well. There were signs of forced entry. Tears around the perineum."

Norma Hennessey picks up a report.

"The DNA in the se**n sample was cross-matched to that of Mr. Morton. They were a perfect match."

"Would these findings be consistent with rape, Dr. Granger?"

"Objection!"

"Overruled. The witness may proceed to answer the question."

Brian feels himself get a little hot under the collar. The trial has taken a downswing for the worse.

"Yes," Dr. Granger says, raking her gaze into Brian's face. "These findings are consistent with both violent rape and sodomy."

Her expression says: I'll get you, you f**ker.

A few more questions, and then Norma Hennessey says, "I have no further questions for this witness."

Brian can almost feel the damnation hanging in the air over his head. Some of the jury members, especially the women, were practically burning him at the stake already with their scorching glares.

Shit.

Karen stands up.

"Dr. Granger, is it possible that these findings ... these lacerations and signs of traumatic entry in and around Ms. Faulkner's private parts ... be also consistent with being brutally penetrated by an inanimate blunt object?"

"I don't see why - "

"Please answer the question."

Dr. Granger's cheeks flush red. "It's possible, but why should anyone - ?"

"Thank you, Dr. Granger. You have indeed acceded that it is possible. Would you also say that it's possible for Ms. Faulkner to violently penetrate her own private parts with a blunt object ... such as a dildo or any similar-shaped object ... in order to stage her own rape and sodomy?"

"Objection! The defense counsel is badgering the witness!"

"I am merely asking if it's possible, your Honor."

"I will allow this," the Judge says. "Answer the question, Dr. Granger."

Fran Granger is positively brimming with rage. For a doctor, she certainly can't hold her emotions in check, Brian thinks.

"Yes," she hisses through her teeth. "It's possible, though not likely in the event we actually found Brian Morton's sperm samples inside both Ms. Faulkner's vagina and rectum."

"But is it also possible that Ms. Faulkner could have rendered Mr. Morton unconscious, milked him for his se**n and then injected the se**n into herself to make it seem like she was raped?"

"Listen to yourself, counselor," Dr. Granger sneers. "A tall story, isn't it?"

"But it is possible?" Karen insists.

"Yes, it's possible, but not likely. Extremely unlikely."

"Thank you, Dr. Granger, that would be all."

As the Emergency room doctor gets down from the witness stand, she shoots a murderous look at Brian.

Norma Hennessey says, "With that, the prosecution rests, your Honor."

A buzz goes through the courtroom crowd. Brian's bones ache all over. The chair is uncomfortable enough. Not to mention having to relive the testimonies - of having evidence of his own guilt being flung repeatedly like stones in his face.

Then Karen Sandler stands up.

"The defense calls Brian Morton to the stand."

12

Sam can't take her eyes off Brian on the witness stand. He is wearing Gucci today, and his suit is a dark green color that matches his eyes and sets them off. He is pale, and his eyes are large in his face, but he is looking remarkably beautiful amid his obvious angst.

She hopes the jury is coming to the same conclusion: How can a man as beautiful as this possibly need to rape a woman if he needs sex?

Of course, nothing is ever as clear cut in the cold light of day. Immensely virile and beautiful men have had the compulsion to dominate and rape women throughout the history of time. Sam is not so obtuse to think that a beautiful man would be innocent of such crimes.

But in Brian's case, he was set up. Now it's a matter of proving it.

But like Karen said, it is not so simple. Motive and what exactly happened that night are two interlinked subjects, but may be viewed as separate incidences by the jury.

Karen goes through the spiel she has rehearsed with Brian. All Brian has to do is tell the truth of what happened that night. Right up to when he stopped remembering.

Sam listens, the knot in her stomach tightening as he goes through the story she has heard and analyzed a hundred times.

"What was going through your mind when you saw Ms. Faulkner in the lobby of your apartment building?"

"She was ... is a very attractive woman." Brian says this without inflection.

"Did you purposefully try to seduce her?"

"Yes. It's something that I ... instinctively do whenever I see an attractive woman." Brian takes a deep breath. "I try to get into her pants."

A ripple goes through the crowd. Sam flinches. But this is what Brian wanted. Nothing but the uncompromising truth.

"How many women have you seduced, Mr. Morton?"

"Since I was sixteen? I'm not sure of the exact number ... but it must have been over a thousand."

Gasps all round. Sam is certain that this is something that Brian will not be proud of today of all days. On the stand, Brian appears appropriately glum.

"Why so many, Mr. Morton?"

Brian pauses. "Why so many? I don't know. I'm not the type who settles down, I guess." He doesn't look at Sam when he says this. "Because I wanted them ... and they wanted me. It was all completely consensual."

"Objection to the word usage of 'all'," Norma says. "What you did to Ms. Faulkner was not consensual."

"What he allegedly did," Karen says heatedly.

"Please proceed, Mr. Morton," the Judge says, rolling his eyes.

"Asking her up to my apartment was a seduction ploy," Brian admits. "But that was all it was." He goes on to describe exactly what happened - up to the moment he blanked out.

"Do you consume a lot of alcohol normally?" Karen asks.

"Yes. I'm a social drinker. I take about three or four shots a day."

"Do you get drunk easily?"

"No."

"Do you consume drugs?"

Brian hesitates. "Yes. Sometimes."

"What sort of drugs?"

"Club drugs, most of the time. I do it to get high. Ecstasy. Special K. Coke, sometimes."

"Crystal meth?"

"Once or twice, but as a rule, no. I'm not an addict. I can do without drugs."

"Did you imbibe or ingest any drugs on that day?"

"No, definitely not. My toxicology results came back negative. My blood alcohol was also within normal limits."

"Have you had blackouts before?"

"No. Never. This was the first time." Brian looks anxious as he says this.

Karen takes up his blood report. She reads from it. "Everything within normal parameters except for serum Creatinine, which is high, and blood potassium."

She pauses significantly. Sam knows she is going to bring it up again later.

Brian winds up his testimony as to the night in question. Total amnesia as to what happened.

Karen says, "Let's talk about something else that might be relevant to the case. Let's talk about college and when you met Ms. Delilah Faulkner, who was then known as Ms. Adele Jankovic, for the first time."

The court holds a collective breath.

Hesitantly, Brian launches into his story of what happened with Adele back in college. He speaks haltingly, as if the guilt is threatening to swamp him. Sam knows this is no act. Brian is truly consumed with guilt at what he had done to Adele. He believes he must atone for it. He has truly paid the price for it, and is still paying.

Sam cannot see Delilah's face from her vantage, but from the rigid way the redhead holds her shoulders, she knows that Delilah is every bit as strained.

"And why did you perpetrate this 'trick' on Adele Jankovic?" Karen asks gently.

Brian swallows visibly. "Because I was young and dumb and all those things you associate with college jocks. Because I could. And I didn't think beyond that ... of how much it would hurt another person. It's no excuse, but it was what it was."

"The fallacies of youth," Karen muses.

Brian's expression wears so much pain that Sam quails. She knows it's not something he put on either.

"I'm sorry." He faces Delilah directly. "I'm sorry for what I did. I had no idea it would lead to this."

"Objection. The defendant is accusing the plaintiff of something which is not fact-based."

"I was getting to that," Karen says. "Now tell me what happened on the night of _______, Mr. Morton."

Fast forward to the recent future. Sam clutches her purse in her hands for support. It is the night of Brian's visit to Adie right after Sam's arrest and bail. The night he offered his body to Adie like a sacrificial lamb.

"Objection." Norma Hennessey is on her feet again. "This has no relevance whatsoever to the case, your Honor."

"Once again, I'm establishing motive as to why Ms. Faulkner alleged that Mr. Morton raped her on the night of _______."

"There is no motive! There was a committed crime. All the hard evidence points to that crime!"

"Please, your Honor. It is imperative for the members of the jury to be presented with all the facts for their decision. This information comes from the defendant himself and it was not obtained unlawfully."

Karen stands her ground.

The Judge strokes his jaw, considering this. "Very well, Ms. Sandler. I will allow this. But do not deviate from the proceedings."

"Thank you, your Honor. Mr. Morton, please proceed to tell your story."

In starts and stops, Brian tells the story. He is super-nervous. Sam remembers - with a tinge of bittersweet nostalgia - the arrogant, smug man she had reacquainted with in the bar with Cassie over a year ago. To see him humbled and brought down to his knees like this is beyond painful.

Karen says, "So you went up to her apartment with her? Did anyone see you?"

"No. It was very late at night."

"She invited you up to her apartment?"

"Yes."

"Why do you think that is?"

"I don't know. I figured she didn't want anyone to see us talking in the car park."

"What did you say to her?"

"As soon as I went up to her apartment, I asked her to consider dropping all her charges against Samantha Fox's breaking and entering."

"Was this how Ms. Fox obtained the photos?" Karen glances pointedly at the Judge, who had disallowed those very photos.

"Yes."

"What did you offer Ms. Faulkner?"

"Anything she wanted. Namely money. I didn't have much of it anymore because I - " Brian arrests Sam's eyes across the room " - invested in a new business venture with my partner. I also had to resign from being the President and CEO of my advertising firm, which I jointly held shares with my cousin, because of the negative publicity I was getting."

"Is it true that you sold your penthouse and your car to invest in this business?"

Sam cringes, not wanting to hear the answer. She had suspected it for a long time, but now it is to be affirmed in court.

Brian says, "Yes. The new business required quite a lot of capital ... and I believed enough in my friend and partner to want to take that chance."

"Is this the same business partner who was charged with breaking and entering Ms. Faulkner's apartment to procure those photos of you in Ms. Faulkner's third bedroom?"

"Yes."

"Objection! No mention should be made of these illegally obtained photos!"

"Withdrawn. Go on, Mr. Morton."

"I offered Ms. Faulkner money. The gym I invested in was starting to turn in some serious business, and I wanted to cut a long-term deal that would benefit Ms. Faulkner in installments ... or in whatever manner she desired the money."

"Are you aware you were committing a felony?"

"I was aware I was offering myself up to be blackmailed. But I was desperate at that time. I ... I care very much about Ms. Fox and I didn't want to see her charged because she tried to do something for me. Something the police didn't do to dig deeper into the case." Brian falters over this, and he shifts his gaze away from Sam's, as if not daring to meet her eyes anymore.

"During this time, did Ms. Faulkner act frightened of you? After all, she did accuse you of rape."

"No. She wasn't frightened of me. If she was, she wouldn't have asked me up to her apartment."

"Yes. I find that extremely strange as well."

"Objection! Conjecture on the defense counsel's part."

"Sustained. Stick to the facts, Ms. Sandler."

"What did Ms. Faulkner decide?"

"She told me ... that she didn't want any money. But she wanted something else."

"What did she want?" Karen is honing in. Going for the million dollar question.

Brian licks his lower lip. It's a nervous gesture, but on him, it looks sexy. He can't help it, Sam thinks with a tinge of sadness. He oozes sex in whatever he does, and now it's getting him into a shitload of trouble.

Brian turns to the jury. "She said that she wanted to use me ... in the way I use women."

Murmurs run through the crowd. The reporters in the courtroom are tense, poised. This has suddenly become a juicy story and Sam can sense them closing in for tomorrow's headlines.

The Judge picks up his gavel and taps it. "Order, order in the court."

Norma Hennessey is bristling, but there is nothing she can object to. The Judge has already allowed Brian to tell his side. The audience settles down. You can cut the anticipation with a knife.

"What does that mean?" Karen says gently.

"She wanted me to have sex with her. She asked me if I had a wiretap. I said no. She asked me to take off all my clothes to prove it."

"Did you?"

"Yes."

"What happened then?"

"I was very anxious. I wondered if this was her ploy to yell rape again on me. But she assured me she wasn't going to."

"And you believed her?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

He shakes his head. "I don't know. Maybe it's because I have already been charged with the crime. Then she says that she will consider dropping the charges against Ms. Fox if I pleased her."

"Pleased her. As in ... sexually?"

"Yes."

"What did you do then?"

"I had sex with Ms. Faulkner." Brian won't look at either Sam or Delilah.

"Consensually?"

"Yes."

"Did you find it odd that she wasn't frightened of you?"

"Not by then. Because those photos proved that there was more to the alleged rape that meets the eye. So I figured she had set me up."

"What did you do after you had sex?"

"We had sex again. And then I spent the night."

"Did Ms. Fox know where you had gone?"

"Not to my knowledge. I didn't tell her about all this."

"Why not?"

"Because I was afraid she would try to stop me." Brian looks sheepish.

"Why didn't you go to the police?"

"Because I didn't think anyone would believe me. They didn't believe me the first time."

"After you spent the night, what did you do?"

"We had breakfast the next morning. Then ... she wanted to have sex again. But in that room. The room in which she hung all the photos. It was then I saw the room for myself. All those photos she had taken of me throughout the years. Candid shots. Newspaper clippings. Internet printouts of my public appearances."

The crowd is rustling again. Sam can feel their unrest.

"Did you have sex with her again?"

"Yes. I continued to have sex with her for a week. Three times a day ... or night."

"And this was the week before last?"

"Yes."

"Did anyone see you coming or leaving the apartment?"

"I don't think so. Ms. Faulkner always asked that I come and go at times when there weren't many people around. Like four in the morning. Or after midnight. And there wasn't any doorman at her apartment building, unlike mine. She'd buzz me up each time I rang the doorbell."

"Are you still having sex with Ms. Faulkner now?" Karen says, even though she knows he isn't.

The crowd is silent now, hanging on to every word.

"No. We terminated the arrangement several days ago before this case started."

"Why?"

Brian pulls in a deep breath. "Because she wanted more than I was willing to give her."

"More sex?"

"Not just sex. She ... wanted us to be ... a couple."

Karen raises her eyebrow. "A couple?"

"Yes. A normal couple. Well, as normal as you can define it. Dating. Going out together. A real relationship. The works. In exchange, she would drop the rape charges against me as well."

Buzz surrounds the courtroom again.

"What did you say to her?"

"I said no. I couldn't do that. We had a deal for two weeks, she would drop the charges against Sam ... I mean Ms. Fox, and that would be it."

"You weren't tempted to take this deal?"

"I-I couldn't promise to do something I couldn't deliver. It was too much. It was indefinite. Besides, I couldn't do that to Ms. Fox. Agreeing to this new ... deal ... would have meant I was not allowed to see Ms. Fox again in the way I've been seeing her."

"Which is?"

Brian bores his liquid green gaze into Sam. His eyes are wide and guileless and he says, "Ms. Fox and I have been having a sort of ... relationship for over a year. We are friends, business partners, and lovers."

"Sounds like a comprehensive relationship," Karen says.

Nervous laughter ripples through the audience. Sam can detect the slight wistfulness in the way Karen says this, but only because she was looking out for it. She wonders if Karen had always wanted Brian in that way. She wouldn't be surprised if Karen did. Brian's obvious beauty, charm and success affect people in brutal ways - ways they have no control over. Her own experience is a classic example. So much so she is willing to commit a crime for him.

The knot in her stomach tightens. What a sugar-coated mess I am.

"It is," Brian agrees.

"How did Ms. Faulkner react to your decision?"

"She didn't take it well. She said she would see me in court."

"And here you are."

"Here I am."

"Thank you, Mr. Morton. I have no further questions." Karen shoots a look at Norma Hennessey, who is glowering. "Your witness."

Norma Hennessey gets up with a shuffle of her chair. Sam finds herself holding her breath. Norma has a look on her face that means war.

"So, Brian Morton," she sneers, as if he's already a convicted criminal cowering at the dock, "a thousand women. That is quite a record."

"I'm not proud of it," Brian admits.

"Quite a story you have detailed to the members of the jury." Norma waves a hand around. "I'm sure you have stoked the imaginations of everyone here today. Brian Morton, former CEO of Vanguard Advertising. Current partner of 'Shape'. Blackmailed into sex by the very woman who accused him of raping her. Are you asking us to buy this story?"

"It isn't a story. Every part of it is true," Brian says.

"So you say. It's her word against yours as to what really happened. No witnesses, no evidence. Merely stories upon stories. You're what most people would deem an attractive man, Mr. Morton, but come on."

"I do have evidence," Brian replies, refusing to be bullied.

"Really? And in what illegal manner did you or your business partner - " Norma practically spits out the word " - obtain it this time? You said there were no eyewitnesses. I'm sure everyone here is dying to know what you have conjured."

Titters run through the masses.

Brian says, "In the last two weeks when I was seeing Ms. Faulkner, my lover and business partner, Ms. Fox, had a suspicion that all was not right with me. So she followed me one night without my knowledge."

Norma throws up her hands. "More espionage."

A few laughs from the gallery.

"And did you garner any evidence from this cloak-and-dagger enterprise, Mr. Morton?"

Brian glances at Sam. "Yes, in fact my partner has."

It is Karen's cue to stand up. "If the honorable Judge would allow it, the defense would like to call our next witness, Ms. Samantha Fox."

13

"Your Honor, I must protest against this," Norma thunders. "There was plenty of time for discovery here. This witness was not registered earlier in the defense's case notes."

"This is extremely new evidence, your Honor," Karen says quickly. "It was procured only in the past few days, but it is extremely important to the case. Please, your Honor. We have come so far. The evidence presented here has been obtained without violating any laws excepting one."

"Which one, Ms. Sandler?"

"The State Law involving Recording. But the person this violated has decided not to press charges."

"Who is the violated person?"

"Brian Morton."

Muttering in the masses.

"Very well, the witness may step up."

Sam is extremely nervous as she makes her way up to the witness stand. After the swearing in and identification, Karen proceeds.

"Tell us what you did, Ms. Fox."

"When my ... friend, Brian," Sam trips over the word, "started to act strangely in the past week, I was afraid he may have involved himself in something he couldn't handle."

"Define this."

Sam takes a deep breath. She glances at Brian, who nods encouragingly.

"For the past year or more that I have known Brian, he has always been infallibly punctual and reachable by all methods of communication. We spend a lot of time together, and in the past few months, it has become an almost daily affair."

Sam pauses. Now that she has articulated it, she realizes every word of it is true.

"So when I couldn't get hold of Brian for two days, I started to panic. With everything going on in his life and the impending court case, I was worried that he would ... do something stupid."

"Such as?" Karen probes.

"My first thought was that he was in an accident, and I didn't know about it. He had been seeing a shrink as well, and my second thought was that ... " Sam falters. She doesn't want to mention the word 'suicide', especially not in present company.

"You were afraid he might have been hurt?" Karen says in a gentle tone.

"Y-yes. But then I had another suspicion, especially since I had been arrested for breaking and entering only days before. I acted on my instincts and drove to Delilah Faulkner's apartment. I saw Brian's Jeep parked in the visitor parking lot."

"Did you take a photo?"

"I wasn't in the presence of mind to do that. It was only after I went home that I began to think of what I should do. Especially when Brian showed up and wouldn't tell me where he had been."

"What did you decide to do?"

Sam's stomach floats, and she tries to quell it by holding her breath, but it doesn't work. "I asked a private investigator to procure a recording device for me."

"You mean a bug?"

"Yes."

The crowd is hanging on to every word.

Sam says, "It was in the shape of a button. It's an extremely effective and sensitive device. My PI ... he was ex-CIA or something. He got it for me for a huge sum of money. I sewed it into the hem of Brian's leather jacket. It was what he usually wore."

"And you have recordings of Brian's conversations with Ms. Faulkner?"

"Objection!" Norma Hennessey is purple in the face. "Ms. Faulkner is not on trial here, your Honor!"

"But Mr. Morton is," Karen shoots back, "and these conversations are vital to the case and in proving my client's innocence!"

"Proceed, Ms. Fox."

Karen makes a big to-do about setting up an iPad and two speakers on a table in front of the Judge's desk. The jury and crowd are restless, murmuring to each other.

She presses 'Play'.

Sam, with the help of Karen, has condensed the pertinent recorded conversations.

Delilah's voice is obvious. Sam cringes. No matter how many times she listens to this, she can never get that creepy feeling out of her spine.

"You're late."

"Sorry. I got held up."

"Fucking that perky Ms. Muffet again?"

"I got held up at the gym. I work there, you know." Brian's tone is short.

A pause.

"Take off your clothes, Brian."

Silence. The hesitation is obvious even on playback. Slithering sounds.

Sam feels her skin crawl. She knows Brian has been with other women, especially in the earlier part of their relationship, but she can never be totally OK with it, no matter how much she tells herself she should.

"Come here."

Kissing. Footsteps padding away.

A whine, and then a cut to another scene.

Brian's voice. "I don't get it."

"Get what?"

"All this."

"What part of it don't you get?"

"Why you're doing this. You hate me."

"I don't hate you, Brian.

"You hate me enough to set me up for rape. Tell me something, how did you do it, huh? Pills in my Jim Beam when I wasn't looking? Sam mentioned this drug your company has on trials - CK ... something. Is that what you slipped into my drink?"

Delilah's voice is sharp. "Where did you get that?"

"I have my sources too. So what did you do, Adie? Strip me when I was unconscious and get my dick to stand up on its own? Did you have a good time f**king me when I was out ... or making me f**k you?"

"Shut up, Brian. Get on the bed."

"What? You gonna punish me?"

Noises. A clinking sound.

Brian, deadpan. "I'm not really into bondage as much as you like to think I am. Ow!"

"Shut up and lie still."

"What would be the point?"

A scramble. Scene shift.

"I'm sorry, Adie." Brian's voice. Hoarsely.

"Don't call me by that name."

Silence.

"I'm sorry for what I did to you in college. I'm sorry it turned out this way."

"Shut up."

Sounds of kissing. Sucking.

Scramble. Another scene shift.

"I want this. I want this to continue. I want us to be together. A couple. I want you, Brian. You owe me."

"For how long will this new deal continue?"

"For as long as it takes."

Pause.

"I can't do that. I'm not in love with you."

"You were never the sort of man to 'do' love. So don't begin that sort of talk now."

"You want me to live with you. Be your lover. For keeps. There's no timeline definition. I can't do that, Delilah. I can't live like that."

"You want to go to prison?"

"No, I don't want to go to prison. But in prison, at least I won't have to live a lie. So I'll take my chances on the stand."

"They are going to rape you in there. Someone with your face and body. You wouldn't last a week."

Karen lets the recording go on and finally wind down. The court has sat through two hours of recordings.

"The defense rests, your Honor," she says with an air of finality.

14

Even though the evidence presented has been stark and clear, Brian is all wrenched stomach and fraught nerves. The jury has already taken three hours to deliberate. Three f**king hours.

Brian is freaking out in the waiting room. He had to use the washroom twice. He threw water on his face and scrubbed his hands, but he still couldn't calm down.

By this time tomorrow, I may be serving a prison sentence.

"Relax," Karen says, putting a hand on his shoulder.

Sam takes hold of his hands. "Brian, sit down. I'll get a cup of coffee."

"No thanks. I can't relax."

Angelique gazes out of the window into the gardens below. She doesn't say anything.

Brian says anxiously, "It still doesn't rule out that I didn't do it. She never admitted out loud that I didn't rape her. Not on the recording, at least. I don't remember her ever admitting it once."

"Brian." Sam seizes his arms and tries to make him sit down. "You did everything you could. We did everything we could. That she had a motive to set you up is not in doubt."

"But no one really knows what happened that night except her. I certainly don't." Brian runs a hand over his chestnut hair. "I-I still could have done it, you know. Maybe we should have called Dr. Robertson in as a witness to testify that I'm basically harmless. Maybe we should - "

"Brian, it's OK," Karen says in a soothing voice.

Someone taps their door. "Jury's in."

"Oh shit." Brian feels like bolting. His palms are sweaty and his skin feels as if it has been dunked in ice.

Sam grips his arm fiercely. "I'm here with you, all the way, OK?" She turns him to face her. Her wide eyes contain such a kaleidoscope of emotions that his chest suddenly feels weightless.

"I love you, OK?" she whispers. "I love you, Brian. I've loved you for a long, long time."

The floor opens at his feet and it's as though he is losing his balance.

"I-I love you too," he whispers back. Just in case he doesn't get to say it again. "I've loved you since ... I don't know when. Somewhere along the line, when we ... oh shit. I just love you, OK?"

"Let's go, Brian," Karen says firmly.

They troop back into the courtroom and take their seats. The jury files in. Their faces are solemn. Mostly blank. Some of the women openly eye Brian with interest. He tries to gauge their expressions, but they are not giving anything away.

Behind him, he can sense Sam's warm, comforting presence. Her love. Even if everything doesn't turn out the way he wants it to, at least he has that.

The Judge comes in. Everyone stands and sits on ceremony.

"Has the jury reached a verdict?"

The foreman rises. She is a formidable-looking woman in her fifties. Six foot tall and with a frame which can take on several football players.

"Yes, we have, your Honor."

"How do you find the defendant?"

Brian sucks in his breath. I love you, Sam, no matter what.

The foreman looks right at Brian when she says this in her dyke-ish, schoolmarm, stentorian manner. "We, members of the jury, find the defendant, Brian Morton, not guilty of first degree rape."

There's a rushing in Brian's ears that almost drowns out all other sounds. He barely perceives the hug that Karen whips him up in. His vision is a blur when the familiar arms of Sam enclose him in a bear hug so encompassing that his ribs almost cave in.

"You did it," he hears her whisper fiercely.

"I didn't do anything," he mumbles into her hair, "you and Karen did it all."

"I'm so happy for you, darling," he hears Angelique's voice.

"Thanks, Mom." His voice croaks a little at this. He opens his arms to embrace her in a three-way hug. He feels like hugging the world, he's that relieved. If he has room to hug one more person, he would like to enfold Karen in it too. But she has gone across to Norma Hennessey to shake her hand.

His vision swims a little, but his faintness soon clears up. Across the room, Delilah Fawkes is glaring at him as if she would like to turn him into stone. But there's sadness mixed in that stare - a wistful wanting of things that could have been.

I'm sorry, Adie, he thinks. But he doesn't go to her. She has done too much for him to forgive her that easily.

Sam grabs his face and kisses him in full view of the courtroom. He kisses her back with all the hunger that has been denied him. It's as if several megaton burdens have been lifted off his back.

Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a police officer approach Adie. Norma Hennessey is grim as Adie and the officer converse in low voices. Then Adie resignedly follows the officer out of the courtroom.

EPILOGUE

The reception area of 'Shape' is decked out for a party even bigger than the one they had on opening day. Balloons, streamers and multicolored ribbons dance everywhere, and the buffet spread is filled with pasta, all sorts of hams and sausages and rack of lamb, and more fried chicken and desserts that anyone can eat. Club music blares from the speakers, filling the gym with a pulsing techno beat.

Sam has invited everyone they can think of. Everyone they are speaking to, at least. Certainly not Delilah Faulkner, who is being charged with blackmail and falsifying an accusation. But Caleb and Cassie are here, and so is Angelique, who conveniently neglected to bring along her husband. Not that it matters to Brian, who is relieved his father isn't here.

Brian and Caleb are hugging each other and talking quietly in a corner. Brian looks amazing. It's as if years have been lifted off his face, and he looks well-slept and serene. He has cut his hair in a different and more attractive style, and worn a white T-shirt which shows off his biceps nicely.

Cassie comes up with a plate laden with macarons. "Great spread you have here for Brian's celebration party. Delilah still pressing charges against you?"

"Yes." There's no way Sam can get out of the breaking and entering charge, but Karen is confident the judge will be lenient.

"We'll try to get you off on community service," Karen said. "Under the extenuating circumstances, there's no way anyone can prosecute you beyond that. A sentence of community service will be a legal way of letting everyone know that they can't get away with vigilante investigation or justice."

"I know," Sam replied ruefully.

But still, that's the best she can hope for.

The tinkling of a fork on a glass arrests their attention. Brian is in front of the reception desk. He beams. Sam thinks he has never looked so gorgeous.

He announces, "I want to make a speech, and I promise you it will be as short as the hem of Lydia's skirt."

He makes a mock grab for Lydia's ass.

Lydia gives a yowl as she covers her ass. Everyone laughs. The trainer's skirt she is wearing today is so short as to practically give everyone an eyeful of her lacy white panties.

Brian looks directly at Sam and holds out his hand. It's a look filled with so much love and resolution that Sam's heart expands to soar beyond the confines of the gym. She steps up beside him.

He doesn't let go of her hand as he turns back to the crowd.

"This is not an Oscar acceptance speech, but there are some people I have to thank. My attorney, Karen Sandler, for sticking with me even though I'm the greatest screw-up there is."

Karen raises a champagne glass toast to him. A curl of a smile graces her lips. Sam knows that Karen has been intimate with Brian, but then who hasn't? That was the past. This is the present, and Brian is a different man - a different soul with the hardship of bitter experiences behind him. He would do anything for her, Sam knows.

Just as she would do anything for him.

They both know that now about each other. They may do stupid things. Things that don't totally make sense to anyone else, including the law. But their intentions and hearts are in the right place.

With each other's.

Brian continues, holding on tightly to her, "I want to thank my best friend, Caleb, who bailed me out of jail. It wasn't the first time he had to do this, and I assure you it won't be the last."

Laughter again.

"To my colleagues in 'Shape', who took over and shook up the place like they own it. Great job, Thor, for managing this joint when we were shacking it up at the courthouse. We hear you've been shacking up plenty over here too. But that's a good thing. For the females."

Thor pumps a triumphant fist into the air as several women cheer. He doesn't hold her any ill will, Sam knows. She's glad she didn't sleep with him after all.

Brian hugs Sam to his body.

"And finally, most of all, I want to thank my partner, Sam, for everything. For putting up with me. For being there when I needed her, and even when I didn't know I needed her. She's my partner in every way I can think of." His voice chokes a little at this. "As I am hers. And it's time to make it public."

In front of everyone, he tips Sam's waist back and kisses her long, hard and deep. All the breath whooshes out of her as his tongue probes the landscape of her mouth. Her knees buckle and her entire body goes limp with overwhelming emotion.

Their audience of friends, colleagues, and a single family member cheers. If any of the women in the ranks have any regrets that Brian is kissing Sam and not her (and yes, Sam is thinking Lydia and Karen), they are buttoning up their envy nice and proper.

The entrance is suddenly darkened by a tall man. Jefferson Morton stands there, his eyes twinkling as he watches his nephew kissing the love of his life. Brian and Sam finally come up for air amid applause. Brian notices his uncle and goes over, dragging Sam.

They pump hands vigorously.

"I'm sorry for every doubting you, son," Jefferson says, clapping Brian on the back.

"Hey, no skin off my nose. I had me doubting myself. Uncle Jeff, I want to introduce you to my girlfriend, Samantha."

Sam smiles shyly at Jefferson. "I've heard so much about you."

Jefferson gives her a slow grin. "I never thought I'd live to see the day my nephew here would commit himself to someone. In every meaning of the word."

Brian blushes. Sam is delighted. She has rarely seen Brian blush.

"So what do you say, Brian?" Jefferson says. "Your old job is yours if you want it back. Vanguard hasn't been the same without you."

Brian contemplates this for a long time before saying, "Thanks, but no thanks, Uncle Jeff. Sam and I have a good thing going here in this gym, and I think I'll make my own way from now on."

"Don't close your options, my boy. You never know when you're going to need them."

"Maybe," Brian says, laughing. He squeezes Sam's shoulders. "But I'm pretty much set for now. I've got everything I need."

A prickly feeling runs through Sam. Her cheeks ache from smiling.

Looking up at her tall, phenomenally gorgeous boyfriend, she's pretty much got all that she needs too.

