1

Samantha Fox takes two steps at a time up the stairs of the nineteenth century Gothic building that hosts Dan's Cafe. She is late. She doesn't being late because she equates lateness with rudeness. My time is precious, and so is yours.

She flies into the seating area with its cozy tables and chairs, her shoes clacking noisily upon the black-and-white checkered linoleum. Spotting Cassie, her best friend sitting alone at a table, she almost trips over a pair of shopping bags by a chair at another table. She manages to rescue herself by grabbing onto the back of the chair.

"Hey, watch it, will you?" says the woman with the pixie hairdo seated there, clearly annoyed.

"Sorry, so sorry." Sam picks herself up and half-clambers, half-limps to the amused Cassie. "Oh," she groans, "I'm such a klutz."

"You always were a klutz. It's part of your charm." Cassie pulls her coffee mug away discretely from Sam as the latter sits, juddering the table and sploshing coffee over the rim.

"Yeah, it's charming when I was fourteen. And even then, not really." Sam shudders. "Remember how we were when we were in middle grade? I wore braces and I kept getting my lunch stuck in my buck teeth."

"I remember that awful Brian Morton. He was such a bully. Remember how he used to draw funny caricatures of you with your braces all over the lockers? He called you 'Jaws'."

"I'm going to expunge that dirty memory forever from my temporal lobes." Sam runs a careless hand through her mess of hair. "I'm sorry I'm late anyway. My boss wanted me to go over the Killeney account for the seventeenth time. She's such an anal retentive like you wouldn't believe."

"All work and no play makes Sammy a tight ass like she never wants to be. You're on track for it, you know." Cassie signals a passing waiter. "Can we have the menu, please, like yesterday?"

"I have to. I've got no one else but me. If I want to live the American dream and get that America dream apartment over at Soho, I'm going to have to put my nose on the grindstone for it."

"Or you could marry someone rich and get the American dream handed to you on a china plate, that is probably made in Taiwan." Cassie arches her eyebrows meaningfully.

"I'm never getting married."

"You know it's not true."

"It's true. I'm twenty-seven and I've been in three failed relationships. I've got majorly dumped three times, and the third is by a man who decided he was g*y after dating me for two months. That's got to be a record. Anyway, it isn't PC to want a man to get those things for you. The only person you can rely upon - "

" - is you," they chorus together.

"Hey, you're finishing my sentences," Sam complains.

"Only because you've said it like a gazillion times."

"I have not."

"You have too."

"I'm not a nag." At that moment, the strains of Usher stream from Sam's monogrammed Coach purse. She groans. "If it's the office, I'm going to scream."

"Then don't get it."

But Sam has already dived into her purse to fish out her Samsung Galaxy Ace. She holds the cellphone up and makes a face at the display.

"It's Lori, would you believe? She never ever calls me unless she wants money or to crow over me for not having a guy."

"Lori, your slutty gangbang fest of a sister?"

"Ssssssh. She does not too have gangbangs."

Sam picks up the phone and says into it, "Don't tell me ... Mom's got a new boyfriend."

Cassie crosses her eyes. Sam shoots her an evil look.

"Uh huh. Uh huh. What? Oh? Shit, no f**king way! You mean you are really going to get married? But you're only twenty-two!"

Cassie mouths incredulously: For real? Slut Lori is gonna get married?

"Twenty-two is not over the hill. How can you even think that? You're barely out of college. Uh huh. Well, look at me. I've twenty-seven and I'm not married." Pause. "Twenty-seven is not geriatric and prostate problems are only for men, for crying out loud."

Cassie stifles a giggle.

Sam mouths back: If you're gonna make fun of me, I'll kill you.

"The engagement party is this weekend? Thanks for telling me three days in advance." Pause. "Well, I'm your sister, I think I deserve to know a little earlier, if that's OK with you." Pause. "Uh huh. Don't you think you're rushing things a bit? You're not pregnant, are you?"

Cassie makes a blowing sound.

Sam mouths: Shut up.

"No, for the last time, I'm not going through menopause, Lori. Why do you always have to exaggerate everything to put me down? Well, yeah, Mom always did love you best but that doesn't give you a right ... no, no, don't even go there. I do too have boyfriends!"

Cassie bares her teeth.

"Well, I do have a boyfriend. We are practically getting married. Oh yes." Sam nods to convince herself. "Bring him to your engagement party this weekend? Well, no, he can't. He's going to Tokyo. He's a high-powered executive and he jet-sets to places like Tokyo every other week."

Cassie mock-palms her own face.

"What do you mean I'm lying? I do so not lie. I don't have to prove anything to you. So what if I come to your party alone? It doesn't mean I'm a frigid old maid. Puh-leez. OK, OK, OK, I'm coming this weekend. Yes, alone because my rich boyfriend is in Tokyo. Yeah, text me the details and spare me the snark. Goodbye."

Sam clicks off.

"Oooh, can you believe that witch? She's been such a putz to me since the day she was born and dropped her dirty diaper on my head. Now all I have to do is find some hunky guy photos to put on my cellphone display by this weekend, and that'll fend her off for another week. Or two."

"Sam, you told Lori the guy is your f**king boyfriend. That's huge."

"So what if I told her that? We'll be breaking up by next Monday. That'll be an angle in line with my life story, seeing the way I seem to be f**king up all my relationships. Hey, where's my coffee?"

"You didn't order it."

"Damn, I knew something was missing in my life."

Cassie smiles and grasps one of Sam's hands. "Hey, kiddo. You don't need a man to complete your life. That's what you've been saying all this time to me, remember?"

"Yeah, I know." Sam signals the waiter. "One black Americano, please. No sugar." She turns back to Cassie. "But now and then ... it's kinda nice to have a pretend boyfriend. You know, the kind you can borrow for a weekend party or some office function or some high school reunion. And return him on Monday to wherever he came from."

Cassie laughs. "Hell, you'd probably have to pay for that. He's called an escort. A discreet term for gigolo."

"Well, sure, and he doesn't even have to bang me."

"Girl, sex has gotta be the best part about a hiring a gigolo."

"No, it isn't."

"Then what is? The scintillating conversation? The recount of experiences past shared?"

The waiter comes back with the coffee. He's has a brown mop for hair and dimples. He says, flashing her a grin, "One black Americano, no sugar. Would that be all, Miss?"

Cassie says, "You're kinda cute. You don't happen to have anything on this weekend, do you?"

"Excuse me?" The waiter raises a quizzical brow.

"Um, she was just kidding." Sam shoots her best friend a glare. As the waiter knowingly walks away, she hisses, "Don't embarrass me."

"Honey, you're gonna be plenty embarrassed this weekend when your sister discovers you don't really have a boyfriend, hot photos downloaded from Fotolia notwithstanding."

Sam sighs and she grips her coffee mug. "I know."

2

"Take it," Brian Morton says to his best friend, Caleb.

"I can't take your money."

Brian rolls his eyes. "There's plenty of it where it came from."

"Brian, I know your family owns Morton Enterprise Ltd., but this is my Mom we're talking about. I can't take your money to pay off her mortgage."

"If you don't, the bank is going to foreclose and she'd be out in the streets. You'll be forced to take her into your apartment and she's gonna seriously cramp your sex life."

"Or the lack of it." Caleb bends over mutinously with his cue to aim a ball into the right hand corner pocket of the pool table. He misses. "Damn."

Brian looks up to see a redhead at the bar eyeing him. Her eyes roam appreciatively up and down his leather jacket clad body. So what's new? He gets looks like that from women and quite a few men all the time. With his striking features and six foot two frame, he cuts quite a figure in the smoky barfly crowd.

He blows the top of his cue and strides to the other side of the table.

"Think of it as a loan," he says. "You can pay me back ... with interest."

The white ball strikes a green ball and the latter rolls into the middle pocket.

"No."

"Yes."

"Cut it out, Brian. I'm not taking your money and that's final. I don't need you to bail me out every time I've got a problem."

Brian shoots a yellow ball into a pocket. "I didn't hear you complaining when I bailed you out from jail when you were caught with that underage hooker."

"I thought she was nineteen! And I paid you back so that doesn't count."

The redhead at the bar is tweezing her hair. She licks her sultry lower lip. Brian grins as he bends over to sink yet another ball. At the doorway is another woman who is clearly making her intentions known to him. She's a ballsy blonde type who looks like she can give amazing head.

Brian flashes her a predatory smile. Later, babe.

Caleb is too drowned in his own money woes to notice. "I could work overtime. I could get a new job."

"You could also get a personal bank loan, but why get it when your best friend is willing to lend it to you for a marginal interest rate?"

"I said no."

Brian sighs. "Stubborn as an ass, as always."

"That's why you love me."

"Speaking about new jobs, why don't you just come and work for me in Vanguard? I need a helluva a good accounts manager."

"Brian, I already told you I don't take favors from friends. We have to separate business from personal life, remember? And I'm not taking that ridiculous salary from you."

"What? Too low?"

"Are you kidding me? You're paying me double the market rate for that sort of job!" Caleb spots the blonde. And the redhead. And a couple of brunettes on the other side of the bar. "Oh God, not again."

"It'll only take a while."

"That's what you said the last time. I had to wait for two hours outside while you finished your blowjob. I was freezing my toes off."

"That's because she brought her twin sisters for the ride. And her stepmom was in the car."

"You never say no. That's your problem."

"I say no plenty of times."

"Yeah, only because there're only twenty-four hours in a day. If it were up to you, you'd be f**king for as your penis can hold up."

"My penis can't help having a raging libido."

"Your penis can't help defining the 'P' in promiscuity either. You're gonna catch gonorrhea ... or something worse."

"I'm always careful. And you won't dream of drinking yesterday's coffee, would you?" Brian puts down his cue as the blonde steps up with a smile. He knows that women of all ages find him irresistible and he's going to milk it for all it's worth before he turns thirty. And then, there's always Botox.

"Hey," the blonde says.

Brian glances askew at the redhead and the brunettes, who are all glowering now.

"Hey," he says.

Caleb groans audibly.

"Don't mind him," Brian says, "he has gas."

"You wanna get out of here?" the blonde says.

Brian turns to Caleb. "I'll only be a while," he deadpans.

Caleb grimaces.

*

In the stockroom of the bar, piled with crates of empty beer bottles for recycling, Brian pushes the blonde onto an empty crate and lifts up her dress. She is on her belly and her br**sts are spilling out of her top. She isn't wearing any panties.

"You came prepared, huh?" Brian says, unbuckling his jeans.

"I've seen you around. The girls say you're an incredible f**k."

"Legendary."

"Modest as well."

He grins. "It's a virtue drummed into me by all the people who tell me I'm an incredible f**k."

He isn't wearing any underwear either and his ready c**k springs to attention. The stockroom is dark, and so he feels for her wet pu**y with two of his fingers. She's open and horny as hell. His black Gucci shirt is already undone. He slips out a condom from his back pocket and rips the foil with his teeth.

He positions his c**k at her hungry wet hole. He always pauses for a moment before his entry. Pausing to savor yet another conquest - easy though it may be.

He rams himself into her pu**y hole unapologetically.

"Arrrrh!" she shrieks.

He knows he has a large c**k and his first stab is always received with cries of simultaneous pleasure and pain. As a lover, he has never been gentle. He has always claimed his sex partners with a ruthless drive to satisfy both his considerable carnal desires and theirs. His hips - slender and exuberant from many hours of gym training - possess the Olympic athlete's ability to move extremely hard and fast. So hard that he literally pounds the blonde's bu**ocks into the crate.

She groans and writhes with ecstasy. His f**king intensifies. He has plenty of energy and an ability to last for a long time, if his schedule warrants. His rhythm is all his own. Like a master violinist who knows all the strokes - when to go fast, when to go slow, which angles to hit, when to lift the woman's bu**ocks higher - he instinctively maneuvers his way into each smoldering wet passage.

"Oh God," she whimpers, "you're so, so good."

He's grunting with each thrust. "I know."

She's too winded to laugh but she manages a chortle. "Your arrogance is astounding."

"But everyone forgives me anyway because I'm so hot." He grins. Caleb's words hurl back at him: You're the most narcissistic, arrogant best friend a man can ever have.

He seizes her br**sts and rocks himself so hard against her that the crate inches forward. And forward. His fingers and thumbs scissor and tweak her ni**les until she's crying out so loud that he's certain someone will walk into the stockroom to see what the commotion is all about.

He makes sure she comes several times before he allows his own pleasure to spill over. It's a rule he has. Always make sure the woman is pleasured before he is. Her screams punctuate the room and the blood is roaring too furiously in his own ears for him to hear her properly.

Panting, he withdraws his c**k and peels off the condom. The blonde is strewn over the crate like a rag doll, too fatigued to pick herself up. He zips his pants and buttons up his shirt again, not saying anything.

She stirs. Her skirt is still hiked up to her waist and her bare bu**ocks and pu**y glisten with her juices.

"I'll give you my number," she says. "Call me and we can do this again."

"Thanks but no thanks. I don't do encores." He's aware that he sounds awfully blunt, but in his experience, it's kinder to let them down brutally and fast rather than prolong something he knows he's not going to reciprocate.

She hesitates a long time as she slowly staggers to her feet to dress. "Yeah, they said that about you too, but I refused to believe it." She does not meet his eyes.

He knows what she's thinking. He's not clueless. They said that about you but I refused to believe it ... because I thought I'd be the one to change you ... the one that you'd f**k more than once.

He finishes dressing. "I've gotta go."

He turns to the door without saying goodbye. He doesn't look back either. There's no point when you're never going to see them again.

*

Caleb is no longer in the pool room but the brunettes are still at the bar. The short-haired one eyes him speculatively.

"Had a good time?" Sarcasm drips off her tongue.

"Better than the one you had with your friend." He grins.

She gets down from her barstool and saunters towards him. She fingers his shirt buttons. "I've heard a lot about you, Brian Morton."

"Oh yeah? All good, I hope." He slips into his easy smile, and he can tell that she's bedazzled. In fact, the eyes of every woman in the room are on him.

"They say you are best lay this side of Chicago. I haven't had the chance to experience it myself. So ... if you have enough strength left in that body of yours, maybe you and I go back to my apartment and - " she lets the suggestion linger.

"Maybe later. I've got to find my friend."

He bends down to kiss her full on the lips - a lavishly sexual kiss that leaves no room in the imagination for what he has in mind. The brunette gasps when their lips part.

Brian smiles and leaves her standing there by the bar.

"Later," he promises. He doesn't miss a beat as he turns to walk out of the room.

In the next room, a poker game is going on. Spying Caleb, he goes in.

"What're doing, Cal?" he asks.

"Sssssh."

Caleb is at a table of five players. The dealer deals two cards facedown to each player. Brian sits back to watch. They are playing the Texas Hold'em variant of poker, with the dealer exposing five community cards which can be used by the players for the best five card combination utilizing two of their own cards.

It's the final round of betting. The fifth community card, called the river card, has been dealt.

"Raise," Caleb says, pushing two hundred dollars into the pile of money in the center of the table.

The man to his left sneaks a look at his two facedown cards. He grimaces.

"Fold," he says.

"Fold," says another man.

Caleb is left playing against a thin black man with a sparse moustache. The black man has a tic in his left eye, Brian observes. He wonders how that tic figures in bluffing.

"Call," the black man says, pushing two hundred dollars as well into the pile.

"All right, showdown please," the dealer says.

The black man reveals his cards. The dealer takes them to arrange them in the best five card combination out of the seven.

"Full house," he says.

"Damn." Caleb throws in his cards. The dealer grabs them.

"Two aces."

Caleb is crestfallen. Brian watches as the black man seizes the entire pot of money on the table. His mind is churning.

He has just found a way to give Caleb his mother's mortgage money.

3

"What about this one?" Cassie says. "We haven't tried this one before."

Sam cranes her neck to look up at the sign above the bar. 'WOODY'S'. The multicolored oblong lights dance around the alphabets.

"OK," she says dubiously.

"Oh come on, Sam, when was the last time you got laid?"

"I'm not going in there to get laid! I don't ... do things like that," Sam almost splutters.

She catches sight of her semi-reflection in the dark panels of glass on the door. Her hair consists of unruly brown curls that just refuse to be tamed by a comb. She has pleasant features and an upturned nose. Most people consider her cute rather than pretty. Her best features are her eyes - large and baby doll blue.

She's not someone any man would go for in a jiffy.

Cassie on the other hand is significantly attractive with her shoulder-length blonde hair and green eyes. She has the notches on her bedposts to prove it too. She's the type of gal who would actually walk into a bar to pick someone up. Or a chatroom. She has two thousand Facebook friends to prove it too.

Cassie is already walking through the door. Sam sighs and bounds after her. Anything to get out of the cold.

The barstools are all occupied, but there is an empty table beside the bar. They seat themselves before someone else gets there. There are a couple of pool tables to the side of the room.

Sam peruses the people at the bar.

"Maybe instead of downloadable photos from the Internet, I should get a real photo of a nice-looking guy for my screensaver instead," she remarks.

"Better still, hire an escort and take him with you."

"I can't do that."

"Why not? I can lend you the moolah. Oh wait, you don't do escorts." Cassie signals to a passing waiter. "What does a girl have to do to get a drink around here? Two vodka martinis, please."

A disheveled looking blonde strides out from a doorway. Her little black dress is askew with one shoulder strap off. She looks like she's just been f**ked thoroughly, but her expression is a thundercloud.

"Bastard," she says as she storms to the bar. She glances at the bartender. "Gimme a gin. Stiff."

"What's the matter?" a short-haired brunette at the bar drawls.

Sam can't help eavesdropping on their conversation.

"He says he doesn't do encores. Was I really that bad?" laments the blonde.

The brunette throws back her head and laughs. "You must be new around here. You've obviously been doubly f**ked by Brian Morton."

Sam pricks up her ears.

Brian Morton?

The eight grade thug who steals everyone's lunch box and empties their sandwiches on the teacher's desk?

*

In the next room, the poker game is in full swing.

"Raise." Caleb's eyes glint. He pushes five hundred dollars into the pot in the middle of the table.

He could never play poker, Brian surmises. Could never keep his emotions in check. He practically wears 'I'm have cards that are so big that I'm gonna win this round and whup your asses' on his sleeve.

The black man raises his coal dark eyes from his cards. The space in front of the dealer is decked with four community cards to be shared amongst the players - an ace of spades, a queen of spades, a ten of diamonds and a ten of spades.

"Raise," he says in his deep velvety voice. And slides a cool one thousand dollars into the pot.

The dealer turns to Brian. "What about you?"

Brian taps his two downturned cards. He takes in the faces of all the players at the table.

"Do you take personal checks?" he asks the dealer.

"Only if you're good for it."

Caleb says, "Oh, he's good for it all right. Don't you know who he is? He's Brian Morton, owner and CEO of Vanguard Advertising."

The dealer says, "Morton? As in Morton Enterprises?"

"Yeah. My uncle is the Chairman, so sue me." Brian has never been too comfortable in revealing who he really is even though he has never hidden his family name. But in this case -

He takes out his check book from shirt pocket and scribbles an amount. He shoves it to the pot. The dealer picks it up and scrutinizes it. He glances at Brian.

"You serious?"

"Yeah."

"That's a pretty huge raise."

"I'm confident I'll win." Brian flashes a grin at Caleb, who is eyeing him quizzically.

The dealer says, "Twenty thousand, gentlemen. Next round of betting, please."

He deals the final community card, face up. It's the nine of clubs.

The black man's tic is more pronounced than ever.

"I'll fold," the dealer says.

"Fold," the black man says.

It's now between Brian and Caleb. They face each from opposing sides of the table.

"Care to call?" the dealer says to Caleb.

Brian scrutinizes Caleb's face. His best friend's expression is simultaneously beatific and wary. It means he's got a very good hand, Brian thinks.

Caleb raises his eyes.

"I know what you're trying to do," he says in a low voice.

Brian bares his teeth. "You don't know anything."

A glimmer of uncertainty passes through Caleb's face. He's calibrating the situation, as he always does.

He says, "I don't have twenty thousand dollars."

"I know."

"So I should just fold."

"But you don't want to do that. You think you've got a winning hand ... but you don't know for sure."

Caleb visibly swallows.

"What if I can't pay up?"

"It doesn't have to be just money. If you win this round, the pot money's all yours fair and square. But I win, you'll have to come to work for me at the salary we agreed upon."

Caleb stares at him for a long, long while. "Why, you sneaky bastard."

"Sorry to disappoint you but my Mom was married to my Dad when she had me."

"You can't keep bailing me out like this."

"I'm not bailing you out. I need an accounts manager to handle all the money I'm making and you're a damned good one."

"I work at Q-Tip. I don't know anything about advertising."

"Bullshit. You know everything there is about accounting. And you're honest. People respond to that."

They glare at each other. The side of Brian's sensuous mouth twitches.

*

"Excuse me," Sam says to the brunette, "I couldn't help overhearing you. Brian Morton is here?"

"Yeah. What's that to you?" The brunette sizes her up as though she's competition.

"Brian Morton." Cassie cackles. "Oh come on, Sam, there are plenty of Brian Mortons in Chicago."

"And we were just talking about one of them," Sam says. It's just too uncanny. But Cassie is right. Brian Morton is probably a common name, like John Smith. "I went to school with him. He was the most awful eight grader in the state."

"Oh really?" The brunette leans over interestedly. "Same guy, do you think?"

*

Caleb says, "OK, I'll bet on one condition. Twenty thousand dollars is chump change to you."

Brian grins. "You want me to raise the ante?"

"Let me finish." Caleb's eyes and hands are steady. "If I lose, I come to work for you. But if you lose, I want you to add a little condition to the pot."

Brian raises an inquiring eyebrow. "Oh?"

"Yeah. Losing a bet has gotta mean something to you." Caleb's face spreads in a slow smile. "If you lose, you'll have to do something you normally wouldn't do."

"Such as?" Brian is intrigued despite himself.

"Hey, is this allowed?" the black man asks the dealer.

The dealer shrugs. "Only two players left in the game. The pot is theirs to spice up any way they like."

Caleb says to Brian, "I want you to perform good deed. It's for your own redemption and personal growth, bro."

"That's easy."

"Not this one. I'm going to throw you a lifeline with God for all your misdemeanors."

"You make my misdemeanors sound like a police charge," Brian complains.

"Women. You f**k them and leave them, all in the same night. There are a lot of broken hearts out there, Brian."

Brian is speechless for all of ten seconds.

"There are no broken hearts ... none caused by me. We are all consenting adults. I don't do promises or stupid love declarations. They all f**k me because they want to."

"Yeah, but most of them want more than that. I've seen them. I've heard them."

Brian raises his hands in mock surrender. "Well, sorry, that's all I have to give."

"That's why atonement starts with you doing a good deed." Caleb's grin is infectious. "You're going to have to be a slave to some lucky woman whom I'll pick - out of my own personal magician's hat - for the weekend. You're going to have to do anything she wants."

Brian starts to laugh. "Boy, you're rich. What if she wants nothing but sex?"

"What if she doesn't?"

"They all want sex."

"Then it's your lucky weekend?"

"A whole weekend with some random woman? No way. No one's gonna fall for that."

"Hey, give her some credit. You're gonna have to be her slave, that's enticing enough ... "

"Sex slave." Brian hasn't stopped laughing.

" ... to the first lucky woman I'll pick." Caleb jerks his chin at the door of the poker room. "Do you have the balls to take this one on?"

"Balls? You're talking to me about balls?"

*

"There's only one way to find out," Cassie says, grinning. "Go see for yourself. I'll come with you."

The brunette holds out her hand. "I'm Melanie."

Sam gives it a shake. "Samantha. And this is Cassandra."

"Cassie and she's Sam." Cassie rolls her eyes and elbows Sam. "What's with the formality?"

Melanie says, "This Brian Morton that we're all talking about ... he thinks he's God's gift to women."

"So what's new? He's a regular prick," Cassie says.

"With an ego the size of the moon," Melanie affirms.

The blonde tosses back her drink. "You can say that about his cock," she slurs.

"But you still want him," Sam says to Melanie.

She flushes slightly. Then again, it could be due to the martini in her hand. "Just to try him out. You know, to see what the fuss is all about."

"Like a one night stand?" Sam is aware that her tone has taken on a little disapproving lilt.

"What? You don't do one night stands?"

"More like a one hour stand," the blonde throws in. "And we weren't even standing."

Sam says carefully, "Well, I sort of want more in a relationship with a man. Sex is just a very small part of it."

"That's why she never gets laid," Cassie remarks. "So tell me more about this Brian. He sounds interesting."

"You'd say that." Sam rolls her eyes.

Melanie says, "He sleeps with anything that moves, apparently, but he doesn't sleep with a woman twice. Ever."

"It's his rule," says Melanie's brunette friend. "He doesn't want emotional entanglements."

"Why not?" Sam asks.

The two brunettes eye each other and shrug.

Melanie says. "Maybe you should ask him yourself."

"But the man can sure f**k," the blonde interjects. She's slumping in her seat now. She quickly downs the rest of her drink before she can lose her balance.

Cassie says, "He does sound like our high school bully. That guy could f**k you in ways you'd never imagine. And he doesn't even have to use his penis. Only thing ... I don't remember him being a dreamboat. Do you, Sam?"

A procession of vivid memories fleet through Sam's mind. The Brian Morton she knew was a huge kid in eighth grade - a little on the tubby side. Scratch that. He was hulking, overweight and tall. Towered over everyone at fourteen. Ham-fisted. Sulky, petulant mouth. He was always with his two buddies, Caleb and Norman. He scored surprisingly good grades. Better grades than her, which was something she could never stomach about him.

"Hey, Jaws," he used to yell at her. "Bitten off someone's leg yet?"

Then there was that incident with the chalk. Brian Morton drew - with white chalk - a picture of shark teeth encapsulating the words 'FUCK ME' on her chair in mirror image. Unsuspecting, she sat upon it. And walked around school the entire day with it imprinted upon her black skirt.

In the smoky atmosphere of the bar, Sam can feel her blood beginning a slow simmer.

She declares, "If I ever see him again, I'll give him a piece of my mind. It was always me he targeted, never Cassie."

Cassie chortles. "Give him a piece of your mind? You should do more than that, girl. You should slap his pudgy face."

Melanie points towards the door of the pool room. "Well, today might be your lucky day. Go get him, if he's the one you're looking to decapitate."

*

"OK, now that we are all agreed on the bets, it's showdown," the dealer says.

Brian flips open his two cards. They are a two of diamonds and a five of clubs. He knew he didn't have a good hand but that wasn't the point.

He grins. "Bring it on, Cal."

Caleb opens his cards. They are a king of spades and a jack of spades.

Straight flush.

"Wow," Brian says. "No wonder you were so confident."

Caleb is smiling from ear to ear as he grabs the pot of money. A tingle of satisfaction traverses through Brian.

Mission accomplished.

Of course, there's now that little thing about losing his bet. But he's confident he would be able to waltz through it easy-peasy. A weekend full of sex (albeit with the same person) may be not be as torturous as it initially sounds. He wouldn't mind it if she got kinky either. Maybe he could tie her to the bed and go for a smoke when she gets all wet and horny. Or maybe she can tie him to the bed.

He can't remember the last time he actually spent more than a night with a woman. It must have been in twelfth grade. And he must have been desperate.

Caleb looks up. "Uh oh."

Brian turns his head to gaze at what his best friend is looking at.

A thundercloud of a woman storms into the poker room. She has a mass of appealing brown curls that make her look blow-dried and ditzy, but nevertheless extremely attractive. She has a cute button nose, so he would guess her age to be under twenty-five. Her complexion is slightly freckled. She gives off the aura of being passionate, robust and healthy - with a clear zest for life.

And her eyes. She has the most incredibly mesmerizing eyes. They are a vivid blue, and so large that he thinks he can drown in them forever.

Careful, he warns himself.

Oh boy, but she's so f**kable. He wonders if she would make a pass at him - in which case, he would drag her into the pool room, clear everyone out and f**k her on the table immediately amid all the colored balls rolling around. Hell yeah, he can even imagine the table creaking and groaning under their collective weights. Balls rushing into their pockets everywhere as he sinks himself repeatedly into her.

It's amazing. He had just f**ked somebody a mere hour ago, and he now has a raging hard-on under the table. The familiar rising of his c**k sends the entire crotch area of his jeans into massive strain. Enough strain to pop his zipper.

But he can't help it. Whoever this woman is, she's just f**king adorable.

She's staring at him.

Great.

They all do.

Her eyes flash blue fire as she strides up to him, still seated at the poker table. Everyone's eyes are riveted upon her.

"Brian Morton?" she says.

Behind her, a gaggle of women - including the brunettes who were eyeing him from the bar and the blonde he had just f**ked - troop into the room, hanging around the doorway bemusedly to watch.

"Yes?"

"Did you go to St. Theresa Academy? Around thirteen years ago?"

"Give or take a few, yeah."

She's very close to him. He can smell her perfume - a light summer scent that brings daisies and bright meadows to mind. He smiles up at her. That cocksure, predatory smile that renders women, so he has been told, weak at the knees.

Oh, she wants him. He can tell.

She says, "Good. Because there's something I want to give you."

With that, she draws back her fist and punches him right in the face.

4

"What did you do that for?" Brian splutters, nursing his jaw. He has gotten to his feet, erection notwithstanding.

She could be some woman he had f**ked and left high and dry. But he doesn't remember f**king her. And hell, he would have remembered someone like that.

"Because you made my middle grade a living hell."

"Middle grade?" Brian eyes the woman warily. His entire middle grade is a blur, especially since he was yanked out midterm to go to another school. "I don't f**king remember middle grade."

Caleb laughs. "And you weren't even smoking joints yet until you were fifteen."

"Typical," the woman says angrily. "Bullies like you never remember your victims." She jabs a finger at his chest. "I sat in the second row, two seats away from the window in Ms. Mulholland's class. You used to scatter sweet wrappers all over my desk."

Brian's eyes go wide. It's coming to him now. But he just can't recall her name.

It's ...

Jenny?

Janey?

"Jaws?" Caleb's mouth is open.

A startling memory blindsides Brian like an oil tanker slamming into him full frontal. Rapid images of the geeky girl with braces he had teased mercilessly as a rite of middle school passage stream in procession through his churning mind.

B-but she was stick thin then. Flat-chested. And her hair was short ... not this glorious wild mane that just begs for his fingers to claw into while she writhes under his hard body and screams out his name.

And she wore braces to keep her buck teeth in. The biggest, flashiest, brightest braces this side of the sun.

No, it can't be.

And yet here she is, all grown up. With an amazing body to die for. Although she is dressed in officious work wear - a cream blouse over a plaid A-line skirt - he can see that her tits are straining at the buttons. God, they must be 38D at the least. He has had plenty of women with big br**sts, but he never tires of playing with protuberant tits.

But these tits on a skinny, gawky kid he used to know from eight grade!

The girl he used to call 'Jaws' is magnificent before him. All filled out and lushly curved. Her eyes spit blue fire, and he can well imagine them sparkling fire of another sort under him.

He's aware that his own jaw has dropped to the floor. Around him, the poker guys are sniggering and even laughing outright. The women at the door wear expressions of delight at his comeuppance. Clearly, this is a scenario plenty of women would like to see him wallow in.

He knows he needs to say something. The appropriate (not to mention decent) thing to do is to apologize for middle grade. Apologize for everything he can't remember doing to her.

Only he's f**king speechless right now, and the only image torpedoing in his head is that of a grinning great white shark.

But wait a minute.

He's Brian Morton. He doesn't have to apologize.

He has never apologized to any woman in his entire life, excepting his mother - when he's actually speaking to her, that is. He's not Mr. Nice Guy. That role has already been taken by Caleb. He's a predatory uber-stud who tells it like it is, be damned with the niceties. He never had to be nice to a woman to get her to spread her legs.

It's an image he has cultivated and it has served him nicely all his adult life.

It's time to say something snarky. Something like "So how was therapy?" After all, she did deck him a good one for something he did when he was an immature fourteen-year-old who was too angry with his alcoholic father who took out his booze-soaked rages on him by whupping his ass and his mother who stood by and watched the whole thing but did nothing.

But he doesn't. He doesn't because his tongue is still frozen to the roof of his mouth and his vocal chords are locked.

Caleb breaks the awkward silence.

He grins as he says, "I guess we've found our lucky girl."

5

It's an extremely awkward situation.

Brian Morton and Caleb Carr are seated across Cassie and herself in an all-night diner. Sam is unable to take her eyes off Brian.

When she had stomped into the poker room, her eyes had been riveted to the handsomest man in the room. Actually, he is one of the best-looking men she has ever seen. He's not conventionally pretty. His brown eyes are large and deep-set, and they blaze with a confidence far beyond his obvious youthfulness. His nose is rough-hewn and broad, like a blade in the middle of his sculptured face. His mouth is wide and generous and extremely sensual.

The entire ensemble serves to make him extremely arresting. He radiates an aura of ruthless intensity. A devil-may-care, 'fuck the world and I don't care what people think of me' attitude. He is the type of man who walks into a room, and every single head would be averted to watch him.

Damn. Now she can't take her eyes off him.

But how did he get to be so damned gorgeous? She remembers him as that heavyset kid. He was definitely overweight then. But now ... his body under that leather jacket suggests hours of toning at the gym.

His hair. She loves his dark hair, especially when hers is so unmanageable. How does he get it that voluminously floppy over his forehead?

Looks aside, she reminds herself that he is still the bully who made her cry more than once in the privacy of the second floor girls' bathroom.

I should hate his guts.

He doesn't look too pleased to be here either. And the story Caleb is feeding her is too incredible.

"So he lost his bet to you?" Cassie says, her eyes gleaming. 'And he gets to be her slave for a whole weekend?"

"I call it Atonement 101." The smirk has not left Caleb's face all night. Sam remembers him all right. He hasn't changed all that much compared to Brian. Caleb is dark-haired and terribly cute in a boy-next-door way. He was nice in middle school ... sorta. When he wasn't standing around and looking on like a dodo while Brian was up to his tricks. Still, kids go through all sorts of weird issues at that age. God knows she did.

Brian rolls his eyes. He has a caustic sardonic attitude to everything, even when he's commenting on the weather - which has taken on a tint of Arctic. But on him, it comes off as highly sexual. Everything about him is highly sexual, even though he doesn't seem to put any effort into it.

"OK, OK," he says, "no need to make such a big deal. You'd think I lost the Alamo by the way you're going about it."

"It is a big deal," Caleb insists. He turns to Sam. "So ... what are your plans for the weekend?"

Sam and Cassie eye each other.

No f**king way, Sam thinks. She didn't even really pray for her pretend boyfriend. So why is God granting her a favor and dropping a gorgeous guy on her lap now? But wait. He may be gorgeous but he's still Brian Morton. God is having a laugh at her expense somewhere in cherubic heaven. Brian Morton is not going to be easy to handle, beholden to her whims or not.

It's still unbelievable how providence has struck for her.

But still ... he's Brian Morton.

Sam says, "I'm going to Hartford for my sister's engagement party." She pauses as she swallows the sudden lump that has bolted into her throat.

"Go on," Cassie urges.

Go on?

I need a pretend boyfriend. You know, so my sister, mother and their pals don't think I'm a complete old maid loser.

Brian says, "Don't tell me. You need a date."

'Yes, she does," Cassie puts in.

"You don't have a boyfriend," Brian states.

The way he says it puts a flush into her cheeks. You don't have a boyfriend ... and you want me to be your showcase boyfriend for the weekend. He gets it immediately, she can tell. He's a smart cookie.

She says in a lofty tone, "Well, I'm between boyfriends right now ... and it's not required that I bring someone. But I suppose it won't hurt."

Oh crap. The way she said it was so lame. She sounded positively desperate. Can he see through that? Can he tell?

The side of Brian's sensual mouth curls up.

"No, I suppose it won't hurt," he drawls.

Smug and sanctimonious bastard. Her eyes narrow. Is she reading too much into everything he says? It's just that they had such an awful history together. If her wounds didn't still chafe at the weight of her pre-pubertal experiences, she wouldn't be feeling this way.

It's like Pride and Prejudice. One chance remark, and she'll hate him forever. Or in this case, there had been plenty of off-putting remarks. Too many to count. Caleb is fine. She doesn't have too many bad memories of Caleb, other than he stood there while Brian did the dirty to everyone.

Brian says, "So let me guess. You want to stick it up to your sister and her friends who are going to be there? And you need a good-looking guy who will suck up and play loving boyfriend to your adoring audience?"

How did he ever get so conceited?

She says, "I guess I'll have to look elsewhere then because I don't see any good-looking guys at this table." She cranes her neck to Caleb. "No offense intended."

Caleb whoops with delight. "None taken. You tell him, Jaws."

"Shut up." Cassie shoots him a glance that can vaporize concrete walls.

Brian says, "Well then, I guess this discussion is at an end. Samantha doesn't need a 'boyfriend' and I don't need to be here when I can be out there f**king somebody who doesn't sock me in the chin."

He rubs his jaw as he says this even though it is clearly unmarked.

"Good, it's a done deal then," Sam says.

"No, no, no, no. This is not over," Cassie interjects. "Sam ... a word, please. In private."

She drags Sam out of the dining berth. Brian lights a cigarette as he watches her amusedly. Oooh, if only she can wipe that smirk off his face.

They go outside into the cold.

"Brrrr," Sam says, shuffling her feet, "whatever you're going to say, you'd better say it before I lose a toe to frostbite."

"You're not going to get frostbite, don't be a drama queen. Now listen to me. This is opportunity to kill two birds with one slingshot. You get to - "

" - I know, I know, sock it up my sister - "

"Yes, and - " Cassie grabs her shoulders and stares deep into her eyes, and continues very slowly, as though to a child who is soft in the head " - take your revenge on Brian Morton. As he deserves."

"You mean spend a whole weekend with him?"

"Yes ... with him as your slave. You heard the terms of his bet. He has to do anything you want."

"Ewww, I don't want to sleep with him."

The moment Sam says it, she knows it's not true. Brian Morton possesses an extremely masculine sexuality that leaps out at you, even if you're utterly blind and sworn to the nunnery.

"Who says you have to? No." Cassie's features turn crafty. "But you can make his weekend a living hell." She grins. "I'll help you."

"I don't know. I don't have that ... " Sam struggles for the word.

"Sadistic streak? Meanness? Don't worry. I do. Remember all those times in middle grade when you swore you'd get your own back at him? Well, he left our school before you got the chance. Now's your chance." Cassie grabs her arm. "Say, is your sister going to invite me to her engagement party?"

6

They are in Brian's black Ferrari, the four of them, on their way to Hartford. Brian is at the wheel. Caleb is seated beside him and Sam and Cassie are at the back.

"Don't drive so fast," Sam says nervously.

Brian turns his head heavenward. "Yes, Mom. You've said that for the sixteenth time already. I'm within the limits, OK?"

He was right. She's driving him batty, hot body or not. No wonder she doesn't have a boyfriend. Now, if only he can get this weekend over with and everything would be normal again. He'd go to clubs with Caleb, pick up girls and f**k his brains out. And no one is going to tell him, "Don't drive into me so fast."

Christ, what a waste of a weekend. Especially when she made it clear he isn't to have any sex - not with her, not with her friend, and not with anyone else at the party because they are supposed to appear as 'a couple'.

Hell, he'll find his ways.

"Hey, ass**le, you're supposed to be her slave." Cassie knocks the back of his head with her fist.

"Ow. Doesn't mean I won't bitch and gripe my way through it. There isn't a rule against bitching, is there?" Brian glares at Caleb.

"Nope, forgot to make that a condition," his best friend says.

Sam says, "I think we should go over the list again."

Brian groans. "I remember everything, OK? You like Zumba. We met at the gym. You were wearing this two-piece outfit and I thought you were hot."

She is hot, but he'd rather eat thumbtacks than to ever admit that.

"Go on," Sam says tersely.

"So ... I asked you out. And we found out ... during our ridiculously romantic date - "

Christ, he doesn't even do dates.

" - that we went to the same school together."

Cassie interrupts, "I still can't believe you never told your Mom about Brian."

"What's there to tell? It was hideously embarrassing."

Brian sighs. OK, so he was a handful as a kid. So his folks had to pull him out before he got expelled. But he did get expelled from two schools anyway and he had to have psychological counseling.

"Look, I was a kid, OK?" he says in a conciliatory tone. Semi-conciliatory, since he doesn't do full-out conciliatory. "We were all kids. We did things. Stuff kids do. You've just got to let all that stuff go or you'd be a nutcase."

He certainly did, and look where he is now.

"Wow, and that's supposed to be an apology?" Cassie says.

"Butt out. I wasn't talking to you."

"Hey, be polite. Sam, make him grovel."

"Groveling's not in the deal," Brian remarks. He's still not clear about what is and what isn't in the deal, but Caleb promised to make it up as they went along.

Oh shit. That's exactly what he should be afraid of.

Still, he's glad Caleb has managed to make the payment to the bank before the foreclosure. He would hate it if Mrs. Carr, proud woman that she is, would be out in the streets. Especially when she has been practically a mother to him when he was growing up.

The Carrs. Damn their f**king pride. There was many a time he wanted to go to a fancy restaurant or order a bottle of Dom Perignon when he and Caleb were out together. But nooooo, Caleb had to insist on paying his fair share. Which would set him back a week's wages. So Brian just gave up, and they did stuff more attuned to the size of Caleb's wallet - such as going to clubs and bars and gyms and bowling.

Sam lets out an audible whoosh of breath. "So you remember everything," she says.

"Yeah, and you like your vibrators turned up to the max."

Sam gasps in horror.

"I do not have a vibrator! Where did you come up with that?"

"Yeah, ass**le!" Cassie slaps the back of Brian's head again.

"Seeing that you are between boyfriends, I'm reckoning you're probably sexually repressed." Brian turns to Cassie. "You do that again, and I'll write 'ASSHOLE' in chalk on your seat."

"Oh, so you remember."

"It's all coming back to me through hypnotic counseling." Brian glances at Caleb. "Light me a cigarette, will ya?"

"You shouldn't smoke while you're driving."

"So send me to detention." Brian sighs. He figures he's going to have to go through a whole carton of cigarettes before the weekend is up.

*

They arrive at the boutique hotel in Hartford which is rented by Lori Fox, soon to be Mrs. Lance Buchner. The blood starts to roar in Sam's ears. This is a mistake. She shouldn't be trying to delude anyone. What was she thinking about, letting Cassie talk her into this sham with Brian Morton of all people?

Still, the black Ferrari gets stares from the doormen as it revs up the driveway. It's like Brian - sleek, dark, shark-like. It was Cassie's idea to make Brian drive them to Hartford in his car. Well, one of his cars, anyway. She had even handpicked the most polished and flashiest.

Whoever would have thought that Brian would turn out to be one of the reclusive Mortons of Chicago? It never registered with Sam in middle grade that Brian was a rich kid. He certainly never gave off that silver spoon vibe, and he certainly didn't talk about it in school.

Still, he was someone she never wanted to get to know in school. And as irony would have it, she knows plenty about him now.

She hopes she remembers everything.

No one she knows is at the hotel lobby to greet them. Not her sister, not her mother. That's a good thing, she consoles herself. At least she wouldn't be bombarded with awkward questions right off the bat.

Lori had been majorly curious over the phone when she asked to include three more guests.

"Oh my God," she had gushed. "He got back from Tokyo in time?"

"Tokyo?"

"Yes. You said he was jetting to Tokyo for the weekend."

"Ah yes," Sam replies hastily, "Tokyo was a washout. All that rain and cherry blossoms scattering around. And so he cancelled."

"How come you never told me about him, Sam? How come you've never mentioned him to Mom?" Lori's tone turns a tad suspicious.

"Oh well, you know, we hardly see each other and everything." Sam manages a casual laugh. "Anyway, you never know when these things might end, so - "

"I get it. You don't want to jinx it." Lori pauses sympathetically. "It must be so awful to be you, Sam. I mean, you're my older sister and everything, but you have the damndest luck when it comes to boyfriends. So I perfectly understand why you might feel embarrassed about introducing one of them to us ... just in case, you know, he doesn't last out the week."

Damn right if he doesn't, Sam thinks. But still, Lori doesn't have to be such a bitch about it.

The reception is one of those quiet little areas you find in boutique hotels - with teak paneling and cozy armchairs and mirrored marble floors and oil paintings of the hotel's mustachioed founders, who just all happen to be women.

"Wow," Cassie says to Sam, "I take it Mr. Lance Buchner is paying for all this."

"More like Papa and Mama Lance Buchner. I hear they are filthy rich. Believe it or not, I'm her sister and I've never even met Lance."

Cassie raises her eyebrows. "Wow. You two sisters are tight. You must have been inseparable in grade school."

"Only when Mom strapped the two of us together onto the child seats."

The four of them go up to the reception desk. The receptionist is a young, attractive bottle blonde who immediately makes a beeline for Brian. Sam grimaces.

"And you are?" The receptionist flashes Brian her most winning smile.

He smiles winningly back.

Sam replies, "Samantha Fox and Brian Morton. Caleb Carr and Cassandra Harris. We should have reservations made for all four of us."

The receptionist checks the screen on her desk. "Well yes, we do. A double room for Samantha Fox and Brian Morton. And two single rooms each for Caleb Carr and Cassandra Harris."

It was at the back of Sam's mind throughout the entire journey, but it hasn't struck her fully until now. Of course. She would have to share a room ... and a bed ... with Brian. Lori assumes they are a regular couple and she would have arranged nothing less.

Sharing a bed with Brian Morton.

Ugh!

Brian senses her misgivings. He leans over to the receptionist. "And would that be a double bed in the double room?" he asks in a silky voice.

The receptionist appears charmed. Typical, Sam fumes.

"Of course. Your rooms are equipped with a king-sized bed, Wi-fi, refrigerator and a shower stall as well as a long bath."

"Interesting." Brian flickers a sidelong glance at Sam. "Because you know, she's the sister of the bride-to-be, and I'm her new boyfriend. Being newly devoted to each other in a most loving and committed relationship, we expect to be making love to each other ... all night. I hope your rooms are soundproofed."

Heat climbs into Sam's cheeks. Even the receptionist flushes slightly.

"Of course, Mr. Morton. You are free to, uh, be as uninhibited as you wish."

Sam feels like crawling into her suitcase and locking herself up in there.

Cassie grins and nudges her.

"No worries," she whispers, "slavery has its perks, remember?"

*

Sam doesn't feel remotely like a mistress to her purported slave when they take the elevator up to their room. Her double room is on the third floor, east wing, while Cassie's and Caleb's are on the second.

She's now alone with Brian Morton. Her betraying cheeks are still flushed.

Brian inserts the key into the lock. It's one of those old-fashioned brass keys which she would find quaint if the situation were any different.

Gawd! How did she ever think she could pull this off? She - who can't even lie effectively to Mr. Hughes when she was caught smoking a joint in twelfth grade.

Brian says, "Would you like me to carry you over the threshold and throw you onto the bed?"

Why is everything he says tinged with a layer of obvious sarcasm?

"No thanks. But you can carry my bags, lover boy."

OK, that didn't come out right. If Cassie had said that, it would have been polished and quippy and zesty, kind of like lemon punch. Out of Sam's mouth, it just seems rehearsed and trite, as if she's a not particularly good stage actress who hasn't mastered her lines.

"After you then, darling," Brian says with a grin.

She squeezes past him to enter the room. His body heat radiates from underneath the designer leather jacket he wears. Why does he have to stand so close to her and why does he have to be so damned smug?

The room possesses a king-sized bed with white sheets and four fluffy white pillows. The thread count here apparently goes into the thousands. There are two black-and-white striped armchairs and a glass table, but no couch. The ceiling-to-floor windows proffer a view of the gardens. The whole ensemble is very rustic, very nineteenth century.

Brian throws the suitcases on the floor. He wrenches off his leather jacket.

"I stink. I'm going to take a shower."

She has yet to talk to him about their sleeping arrangements. Naturally, he would be taking the floor.

He throws the jacket onto the bed and starts unbuttoning his black shirt, which is so well-cut as to emphasize his torso. She can't help staring. He has a very nice body. Scratch that. He has an amazing body, with a smooth sculptured chest, broad shoulders and flat abs. She can see and count every muscle. Even the snaking veins on his arms.

It doesn't occur to her that he will stop there until he unzips his jeans.

"What are you doing?" she says, taken aback.

"What does it look like? I'm taking a shower." He doesn't wear anything under his jeans. A tuft of black pubic hair springs out. He is brimming with raw sexuality - a well-toned predator on the Serengeti, sleekly muscled and boiling with energy.

Oh my God.

Her face inflamed, she turns to face the window. His cock. She doesn't want to see his cock.

Who is she kidding? It will be magnificent.

He's doing this to infuriate her. She can see (or try not to see) right through him. He doesn't think he will tantalize her in any sexual manner, but he senses that deep down she's a prude, and he's making sure he pushes all her alarm buttons in every way possible.

"You can damned well take your clothes off in the bathroom," she hisses.

"But we are lovers," he says in a singsong voice. He places a caustic emphasis on the word. "Lovers are supposed to see each other naked all the time. I have nothing to hide."

She's aware of that double entrende. She still has her back turned on him.

"Believe me, I've seen nothing on you that remotely interests me," she says in a tone that is meant to sting.

"That makes two of us, sweetheart."

She hears him sauntering off to the bathroom and she half-turns to steal a look. His incredible bare bu**ocks roll as he disappears. A moment later, and the sound of a shower hits the tiles. He hasn't even bothered to shut the bathroom door.

If she's supposed to be the mistress and he her willing slave, he certainly has got the tables turned.

How is she ever going to get through sleeping in the same bedroom with him tonight?

7

Tonight, there's a reception at the Grand Ballroom of the hotel.

"Remember, it's a snazzy affair, so you'll have to dress up," Sam reminds him.

She's anxiously fussing over her own hairdo. She's frizzing it up with some sort of spray, which accounts for the massive suitcase she made him carry all the way from Chicago. She combs each strand and musses it up again with gel, as if she's trying to shape it into some sort of bizarre corkscrew pattern.

He doesn't see the point, since she's got great hair. Not that he would ever tell her that in a million years, of course.

He knows why she is so worked up about appearing good for her sister. At least, he thinks he knows. If she is any extension of what she was during middle grade, then she would have had a hard time coming out of her sister's shadow. A sister, from all accounts, who is prettier, more glamorous and more successful in landing big fish than she is.

He says, "I don't know why you bother. Your hair never going to resemble anything other a bird's nest."

As soon as it's out, he regrets it. Why do you always have to be such a goddamned ass**le?

He sees the hurt blossom in her eyes. He curses himself. But he has an unapologetic veneer to maintain, and so he spreads his mouth into a cynical grin instead.

"And yours will never be anything but a total bedhead," she shoots back.

Ouch. He takes great pride in his hair. But he gives a lot, so he's equally good at taking it.

"So why are you so hung up about what your sister thinks?"

"Huh?"

"The hair. Me. The fact that I'm here on this sordidly deceptive weekend. Or should I say ... deceptively sordid weekend?"

"Oh, that."

She locks eyes with him in the mirror. His breath catches. Her eyes will always be her best feature. He can well imagine those eyes being smoky with desire, gazing adoringly up at him from a horizontal position as she writhes sexily under his heaving body.

His dormant c**k begins to stir. He shifts on one leg.

Careful.

He watches as a plethora of complex emotions flit on her face.

She sighs. "You wouldn't understand. It's complicated. Anyway, you don't give a damn what anyone thinks or feels, so why do you care?"

He splays his hands. "Hey, I'm just askin'. No need to bite my head off."

"Not that you'd ever understand what it feels like to be a dork."

You're not a dork, he thinks.

He says, "Some people just have dork genes, I guess. So which side of the family did yours come from?"

Her features turn apoplectic.

"Oh," she splutters, "just go and do whatever ... Cassie will be here any minute."

"What? To play dress up Barbie?"

'Get out."

"Touchy."

He waltzes out of the door.

"But don't do anything to embarrass me," she throws at him.

"Wouldn't dream of it."

"No picking anyone up either. This is a small town and word gets around." She glares at him.

"Not when I'm a total stranger."

"For all you know, the whole town might be invited tonight. And you promised. It's part of the deal."

"Yeah, so sue me."

He slams the door behind him. He hasn't had his daily, emotionally meaningless sexual fix yet, thanks to Ms. Uptight and Prissy.

Now what is he going to do for sex?

*

Hartford is a small, small town. Apparently, the Buchners own half of it. They also own the hotel, the mill, the lumber factory and the bakery. Talk about diversification.

There's a cafe called 'Figero's' right next to the bakery. And a strip joint. Brian waltzes into the strip joint. With his luck, the Buchners probably own it too. With video surveillance.

Inside, a few tired strippers are dancing around metallic poles. They look up as he enters. It's five in the evening. A few older men are guzzling beers and smoking cigarettes. Brian goes to the bar and plonks himself down on a barstool.

"Is this place always this zombified or is this just the graveyard shift?" he quips.

The bartender is cleaning a beer mug.

"What'll it be?" he says gruffly.

"Stella."

"She ain't working tonight."

"I meant the beer."

The bartender fills Stella Artois into a chilled mug. Brian lights a cigarette.

A stripper sidles up to him. She wears a bright yellow thong and two equally bright yellow pasties on her ni**les. The pasties are in the shapes of stars.

Elegant.

"Hey, stranger," she purrs, digging her fingers into his hair. "Never seen you around here."

"That's original."

"I can give you a lap dance if you want."

Tempting, but she smells of someone else's cheap cologne. Probably the last guy she wanked off. Anyway, he rarely paid for anything.

"Say, you wouldn't happen to be invited to an engagement party by the Buchners tonight, would you?"

"Hell, no."

"In that case ... "

He lets her kiss his mouth in an extremely provocative way. And then his chin. And his neck. Meanwhile, her hands roam all over his body, prodding his muscles and sliding down his abs to his expanding crotch.

There's something he has to remember before his brain gets too fuzzy.

He says to the bartender, "Say, you wouldn't happen to be invited to an engagement party tonight by the Buchners, would you?"

"Fuck the Buchners. They've been monopolizing this town for too long."

"Good to hear."

The stripper rubs her hand against his straining bulge. "I'll monopolize this." She turns to the bartender. "Frank ... what the f**k is 'monopolize'?"

There's yet another something else he definitely has to remember. Averting his head from her pink mouth, Brian scans the strip joint again.

He turns back to the bartender. "Are any of these people going to the Buchners' tonight?"

"Damned if I know. What's your obsession with the Buchners anyway? You f**kin' any of them?"

OK. So this isn't going to work out in public. The stripper nuzzles his ear with her quicksilver tongue - an exquisitely erotic gesture that sends his groin into an extreme heat zone.

He whispers in her ear, "You have a back room?"

"Why, you are a naughty boy. Follow me, sugar."

The bartender ignores them as she leads him by the hand to a small, dark room behind the bar. There's no one in there and she immediately pounces on him again. She kisses him with sound and fury and passion and moist interlocking lips and her hands roam here, there, everywhere up and down his body, especially focusing on his crotch.

He responds in kind. He gropes her large br**sts and feels for the erotic points of her ni**les beneath the pasties. Her body is young and firm and hot beneath his large hands. He dives for her thong. She's already soaking wet as his fingers wrench the little yellow string away to reveal her pu**y lips. He burrows and wriggles into her sweet little hole, which unfortunately isn't as tight as he wants it to be, and she rips his shirt open and seizes his ni**les.

She lowers her mouth to his pointed tips. Her tongue leaves a rotund trail around his areolas. He has always been amused when a woman sucks his ni**les.

He's extremely aroused by the time she slides her wet tongue down his belly - down, down the line of soft downy, barely visible hair that traverses his midline, right down to his pubis. She seizes his belt. A clack of metal against metal, and she has unbuckled it. She unzips his jeans. He doesn't wear underwear and so his penis springs out from its moorings - a lever released.

"Wow," she says. "You're hung."

"Glad you like it."

"I more than like it. I - " The rest of her words are drowned as she takes him in her mouth and sucks.

He leans against the wall and closes his eyes. She has a very clever mouth. Her tongue makes butterfly wing movements over and across his turgid flesh, especially concentrating on the crown and the little slit at the tip of his cock. Her cheek muscles pull at his column. His breathing quickens. He clasps her head.

"Take it slow," he says.

He wonders how much he has to pay her at the end of this.

Sam's words echo in his head. No picking anyone up either. This is a small town and word gets around.

How small is this town exactly?

And you promised. It's part of the deal.

The stripper's mouth is like an anemone - all moist and intense suction. He finds himself tripping over the edge. Guilt riddles his conscience.

Damn.

He's not the type of person to renege on promises. Even if he thinks it's a stupid promise and a stupid bet. Which of course he lost fair and square in trying to do his friend a good deed.

He says, "Um, maybe this isn't such a good idea after all."

He gently pushes the stripper's head away. His c**k is still as hard as a wooden block. It glistens with her saliva.

"What's the matter?" she says, disappointed.

"I made a promise not to f**k anyone this weekend."

"I can still give you a blow job."

"No ... f**king, sucking ... I think they all go together in one time space continuum. I'll take a rain check, OK?"

He fishes out his wallet from his jeans pocket and extracts five hundred dollars from it.

"Here, buy yourself something nice to wear."

The stripper's eyes bulge at the largesse. "Wow, you're definitely not from around here."

He zips up his pants after ascertaining that he can contain his erection. When he walks out of the strip joint, he feels a lot lighter, and he's not talking about his wallet.

8

When he gets back to their hotel room, Sam is already dressed. Brian flings open the door with such force that it slams against the wall.

"Honey, I'm home," he calls.

And freezes in his tracks.

Sam stands there, resplendent in a cerulean blue gown with shimmers on its skirt. A pretty lapis lazuli necklace encircles her throat, and she is radiant in her carefully mussed up hair with romantic tendrils floating around her face in wisps. Her blue eyes sparkle, and her eye shadow is dusty silver.

"What do you think?" She beams.

You're gorgeous, he thinks. He's used to gorgeous women, having bedded more than several hundred in his lifetime. But Sam is radiance incarnate, like a blushing bride unveiled for the first time. To him, at least.

Outwardly, he shrugs. "You look OK."

She seems disappointed. Maybe she was fishing for compliments.

"You're late," she accuses. "Where have you been?"

"None of your f**king business."

"You promised not to f**k anybody."

"And I didn't. So quit nagging, OK, Mom?"

He strides into the room and flings open his travel bag. He takes out a Gucci suit and a black Prada shirt. He begins to shuck his clothes off.

"Can't you go into the bathroom to change?"

"If you can't handle me being your boyfriend, then why ask me to tag along this weekend?" He rips his shirt off and starts to unbuckle his belt.

She hasn't taken her eyes off his body. "We're not really not boyfriend and girlfriend, so save the striptease routine for your f**k buddies, OK?"

"Now that's one term that'll never apply to you."

As soon as he said it, he regrets it. But no apologies, he tells himself firmly as he pushes down his jeans.

This time, she doesn't turn away. She stares at his semi-erect cock.

"You know, you haven't changed one bit."

"I'd like to think I've grown longer and broader."

"You know what I mean. You were a bully in middle grade and you're still a bully now."

"You're the one who punched me in the face when you met me. How's that for a middle school reunion?"

"I'll do it again in a second."

He grins as he walks closer to her - naked - his c**k bobbing up and down. He towers above her, all six feet two inches of him.

"So hit me again," he says. "Get your own back at me. Go on, I won't flinch."

She takes a step backward and peers at his cock.

"I know you think you're hot stuff. But frankly, I've seen better."

"Frankly, I don't think you've seen many. Live, that is."

"Stay back," she warns.

"Or what? You'll yell 'My boyfriend exposed himself to me? In the same bedroom that we're expected to be f**king in?'"

Her eyes narrow. God, but she's magnificent when her irises flash like that. He feels his c**k stirring again - a most unwelcome prospect considering the situation they are in, where nothing on him can stay hidden.

"Get dressed," she says. "We're going to be late."

"What? You're not going to punch me?"

"You really are an arrogant, contemptuous ass**le."

"Ooooh, big words."

She brushes past him, and he catches her by the arm.

"What?" she says irritably.

"This is to put you in the mood." He seizes her body to his and bends his head down for a savage kiss on her mouth.

He doesn't know what he's thinking, only that he's just reacting to how he feels - dangerously in the mood after his botched fellatio. He meant to tease her with the kiss. To get you into the rhythm of what we'll be doing later in front of your darling overachieving sister. But the kiss seems to take a life of its own.

He finds himself falling into it. Meshing lips against lips.

He expects her to pull back, to slap him on the face as he deserves - but instead, she folds into him, kissing him back with fervor. His penis fills aggressively. He's taken aback at her passion. She seizes his face and kisses him open-mouthed. His tongue instinctively probes hers even as his hands roam down her body.

He's aware that he is completely naked and his arousal is very obvious and stark. His c**k presses against her clothed belly. He wonders what she thinks of this, when they have been fighting only seconds before. Her hands start to slide down his neck, and then his shoulders, his arms ... his back ... down, down to his bare bu**ocks.

He breaks the kiss before he can get too consumed by it.

I only meant to tease.

Her eyes are misted and glazed with desire as they part. She looks up at him in both wonderment and surprise.

Quick. Say something snarky. Anything to dissipate this mood. But his tongue is tied. For once, he is at loss for words.

Not for long though.

He says, "What? Taking advantage of me? You must be really sexually deprived."

And immediately regrets it. But snarkiness has so much been a component of his makeup - his built-in defense mechanism - that it has become commonplace now. Push them away before you can get hurt. Relationships suck. Always remember that.

A glimmer of anger comes into her blue eyes.

"Oooh," she says, shoving him away with heat. "How dare you?"

He's not sure if she means how dare he say those things to her ... or how dare he kiss her.

She eyes his erection witheringly. "Get dressed. If you can."

"With pleasure."

"And you're really not all that great at kissing." Her face flinches slightly, which suggests that she doesn't really believe in what she says.

"Likewise, sweetheart." His heart is still thudding from the encounter but he can slowly feel his erection waning.

She waits, her face a black mask as he slowly puts his clothes on. Together, they leave the room without speaking.

9

Sam's pulse is beating so hard at her bare neck that she is sure everyone in the ballroom can see it. The staccato trup-trup-trup must be unmistakable. Why else is everyone looking at her? Why is everyone averting their heads and stopping their conversations as soon as she and Brian Morton enter through the double doors?

Worse yet, the memory and imprint of his kiss are still fresh upon her lips. The taste of his mouth, the scent of his body against hers. His warmth. His delicious erection pressing against her as he held her close.

Oh, but he is remarkably beautiful. His torso is so lean that she can see ... and feel, from whatever she could briefly grope ... every muscle. His flesh is as hard as a rock. His eyes were swimming with desire when he gazed upon her earlier, and when he kissed her - French kissed her passionately - she never wanted it to end. She wanted to drown in him and hold him and do everything to him that a woman can possibly do to a man.

And then he had to go and spoil it. Damn him!

She had been ready to forgive him. Forgive and forget the entire middle grade. He was right anyway. Why penalize a kid who probably didn't know what he was growing up to be? It wasn't exactly as though he was an axe murderer, though he came close.

But then the adult Brian Morton turned caustic and sarcastic and her feelings towards him soured again. Feelings? Maybe that's too emotional a word. She doesn't know what she feels for and towards Brian Morton, other than she thinks he's a conceited, arrogant prick who delights in tormenting her.

And yet she can't deny her attraction towards him. Just look at him right now. In his dark suit and Hermes white silk scarf slung around his neck, he's the epitome of gorgeous male virility. He's striking enough to turn every head as he enters with aplomb.

Ah yes, maybe that's the reason why everyone's attention is riveted to them. It's him, not her.

This was the exact reason why she wanted him on her arm. To make this splendid entrance. To show him off like a new Chanel tote. Look at me. I'm not totally hopeless. I have a glamorous and gorgeous and fantastically rich boyfriend.

Cassie and Caleb are already here. Their arms are linked as they happily stride towards Brian and her.

"There you are," Cassie says pointedly. She is wearing a fabulous sequined little black dress, cut in the twenties' fashion. "I've given up all hope that you would make it down here."

"We're just being fashionably late," Brian says.

Cassie takes Sam's arm and whispers, "So ... were you torturing him up there?"

Sam flushes. "Not exactly."

"Why? What happened?"

Sam does not reply, because the moment - the piece de resistance - that she has been planning for is about to occur. Lori flutters her way through the crowd - gaily, breezily, her shimmering gauzy pink tulle dress floating around her in a cloud. She's a prettier, younger version of Sam, only that she has dyed her hair blonde.

"Sammie!" she screeches. "Oh, Sammie, you made it!"

Almost no thanks to your delayed afterthought of an invitation, Sam thinks as her sister bamboozles her way to fling herself into her arms. It is as though they are the most beloved of sisters. Siblings who share their every thought on What's App every hour and who spend hours manicuring each other's nails. Instead of the truth. Since Sam went away to college, she only saw Lori on family occasions and festivals. And during intervals, Lori never even texted her unless she wanted something.

Say, Sam, since you are away at college and all, you won't mind if I borrowed your purple V-neck sweater, would you?

Lori is a powder puff of pinkness and screeches and perfume, and so Sam performs the dutiful but hasty display of sisterly affection by hugging her at arm's length (body slightly averted, bosoms not touching).

Then Lori takes a couple of steps back. She appraises Brian.

"Wow, so you must be the new boyfriend."

"I must be," Brian says easily. He grabs Sam's waist and pulls her towards him. "Aren't I, sweetheart?"

Sam tries to beam. Brian's body pressed against hers is very discomfiting. For all the wrong reasons. She can't help flashing back to his naked body, pressed against hers at a different angle - his tumescent c**k prodding her belly in a most alarming and yet enticing way.

Before she can blush any further, she says, "Lori, this is Brian. Brian, Lori. You know Cassie. And this is Brian's best friend, Caleb."

Lori blows a few kisses. Then she turns her attention to Brian again.

"So how did you two meet?"

Sam is ready for this.

Brian says, "Well, we - "

They are interrupted by two more warm bodies.

"Samantha?"

"Mom."

The former Mrs. Fox sails into the midst of the gathered group, dazzling in a slinky blue number that could have been the pride at any Oscar night party. Sam cringes. It's amazing how much Lori is starting to resemble their mother. Put thirty years on Lori, and she would be a spitting physical and psychological image.

Adele Ratner (once Adele Fox, albeit briefly) air kisses her older daughter. "You're looking marvelous for once, darling."

Brian's mouth twitches at the subtle putdown. Sam boils inwardly. If he's going to make fun of her after this, she's going to emasculate his balls.

"And who is this very, very handsome young man?" Adele gazes admiringly at Brian, who is grinning from ear to ear.

Brian snakes out a hand. "I'm Brian Morton, Sam's boyfriend. And I'm twenty-seven years old, which by all accounts from some present is positively geriatric."

"Oh, you are not old by my standards," Adele gushes flirtatiously, clasping Brian's hand and holding it a tad too long. Sam and Cassie exchange warning glances. "Boyfriend? Well, she never told us. Not a whimper, not a text, and certainly not a Facebook relationship status update."

"I know. Isn't that the wildest? Sammie is usually the first to announce she's in a relationship because of ... you know ... the fact that she almost never is in one," Lori says.

Gosh, you are a bitch! Cassie mouths silently while making a funny cross-eyed face.

Sam glares at her. Shut up.

Still, she's grateful that at least one person is on her side.

"Mom, you remember Cassie. And this is Caleb, Brian's best friend."

"Oh, are you two a couple? You look very cozy together."

"Mom! They've just met, OK? And you shouldn't be matchmaking anyone or making assumptions about them."

"Oh, go on with you." Adele turns her attention back to Brian. "So Brian, what do you do?"

Everyone around them is listening as well. You can cut the anticipation in the room with a knife.

"I run my own advertising agency."

"Morton?" Lori's bejeweled ears prick up. "Say, you wouldn't happen to be related to the Mortons of Chicago, would you? The ones who run seemingly everything?"

"Sadly, we have the misfortune to share the same bloodlines. My uncle is the Chairman of Morton Enterprise Ltd. My father is his ass**le brother."

Shocked gasps and titters all around. Sam hides her hands behind her back to stop them from wringing in despair.

Adele says, "You shouldn't say that about your own father, Brian."

"The truth hurts, but it's necessary most of the time. In fact, I should say ... all the time." Brian flashes another brilliant smile.

"So how did you two meet?"

Sam bunches her fists. "We met at the ... "

Brian cuts in, "We met at a dance club. Sam is an incredible dancer and you should see her moving on the dance floor."

Sam's eyes bulge.

"I noticed her immediately. Cal, do you remember? We were at the bar ordering our drinks, and you said to me, 'Wow, you should look at her'."

With his face straight, Caleb says, "Uh, yes. I said that. I think."

Cassie jabs his ribs.

Brian goes on, "She was incredible. Out of the entire dance floor, she stood out like an angel. She was sexy, magnificent, perfect in every way. She was wearing this really hot number. Bandeau top that reveals almost everything - "

"I was not!"

" - and this flirty skirt that twirled when she spun. And she was spinning all right, many times."

Cassie says, the warning clear in her tone, "I thought you met her at the gym, Brian."

"Nah, it was at the club. I have a memory for these things. So I elbowed my way through the crowd and danced with her. She was with this dude with greasy hair and a T-shirt that says 'FUCK ME GENTLY'."

Another round of gasps. Sam feels like vanishing into a hole in the ground.

She puts her hand on Brian's back. "Now, darling, that's not how it happened ... "

That's not what we rehearsed, you evil manipulative twat, and you know it.

"So we danced all night. She was wearing this pair of red shoes, and her feet seemed to have their own manic energy, you know, like they were being possessed - "

"Like in the fairytale," Lori puts in. She claps her hands in glee. "Oh wow, I never knew Sam could dance. She was always such a klutz."

Sam winces.

Brian says, "She can dance, take it from me, her boyfriend. So I asked her out. And we found out ... during our ridiculously romantic date - "

Sam holds her breath, closes her eyes and prays.

" - that we went to the same school together. Would you believe?"

"No!" Adele and Lori chorus. It's amazing how alike they sound.

OK, OK. He's holding on to the script. Please let him follow the script.

"She has never mentioned you once, has she, Lori? When she was growing up?" Adele says, amazed.

"Nope, not once."

"We didn't really know each other in school," Sam interjects hastily.

"But you're both twenty-seven. Surely you must have taken the same classes," Lori points out.

"Er, we sat at different ends of the class. And he was always cutting class, so we rarely saw him."

Brian looks amused. "It's true. I was an awful kid - never doing my homework, always in detention. I even got expelled twice."

"Oh my goodness." Adele's hand flutters at her neck. "You must have been quite a bad boy."

"The worst. Anyway, I fell for Sam immediately. We became inseparable. But don't worry, Mrs. Fox, we're practicing safe sex. Sam insists upon it. 'Can't be too careful about getting pregnant before time,' she always says."

"I didn't know you even had sex," Lori says to Sam, deadpan.

Sam is blushing too hard to make a face at her sister.

"And here we are, happily together," Brian finishes with a flourish. "Never a quarrel or harsh word between us. It's the perfect relationship. Isn't that right, sweetheart?"

He grabs her suddenly before she can protest and kisses her full on the lips, right in front of everybody. It's a head tilted backwards, swooning kind of kiss. The type she always dreamed of having. Once again, he takes her breath away. She almost forgets everyone around them. Almost loses herself in him again.

"Oh my," she hears her mother say.

When they part for air, her eyes are locked on Brian's face. He has such an interesting face. One she can study forever. Why has she never noticed the little dimple in his chin?

"Oh well," Lori cuts in, her voice shrill, "it's time for you to meet Lance."

Sam finally notices the nervous young man standing beside Lori. He must have been watching them kissing ... and is that a look of mild envy on his features?

They shake hands and exchange pleasantries all round. Then Lori claps her hands.

"It's time for the reception. Come on, everyone."

*

Dinner is one long protracted affair. Brian finds himself seated in between Mr. and Mrs. Buchner, who quiz him on everything from business to the planet Saturn. ("Are the rings around it really made of ice?") Lori keeps giving him glances from lowered eyelids and Lance Buchner turns out to have a stutter.

Brian figures out that Lori is marrying Lance for his money, since there is nothing remotely interesting about him. Or his stutter. Either that or the sex has to be fantabulous.

He finds himself studying Sam now and again. She is really beautiful when she laughs, and she does this often when Cassie and Caleb say something funny. Her teeth - which he remembers in braces during middle grade, and which had been a constant source of amusement for him - are now perfect and pearly white. Kudos to her orthodontist, whoever he is.

After dessert, the band strikes up a lively tune from the sixties. It is clearly meant for ballroom dancing.

Lori taps her wine glass with a knife.

"Listen up, everyone. I would like to make a toast ... to my future parents-in-law, the Buchners."

She's totally sucking up to them, Brian thinks as he raises his glass.

Lori gushes on with more pleasantries and superlatives that she probably doesn't mean, and then her face turns sly.

"And now, to lead off our dance for tonight, I would like to invite my sister, Samantha, to the floor. I hear she is quite the dancer."

Applause all round.

Adele beams. "Oh yes, she is. That's my baby girl."

Sam's face is engaged in the very act of petrification. Her eyes bulge as they shoot lasers at Brian. If looks could kill, he'd be blasted off to deep space by now.

Lori claps her hands. "Oh come on, Sammie. We are waiting."

There are cries of encouragement and shouts of 'Hear, hear!'

Lori starts up a chant, which is soon joined by everyone at the table. "Sammie, Sammie, Sammie, Sammie."

Brian has to stifle his laughter. Well, f**k yeah. He got her into this. He supposes he owes her big time.

Her face is still glowering as he gets up and walks to where she is seated. A hush ripples through the guests.

He mock bows. "May I have this dance, milady?"

She takes his proffered hand and gets up, clearly unnerved.

"You are going to embarrass me, aren't you?" she hisses.

"Why do you always think the worst of me? Just follow my lead, and you'll be all right."

"Your lead?"

"Yes. Didn't you know? I took ballroom dancing lessons when I was in juvie."

"You were in juvie?" she says, aghast.

"No, but it's a good story."

They take to the dance floor amidst claps, whistles and cheers. Brian spies the cunning look on Lori's pert features. On Sammie baby, you've got one helluva bitch for a sister. And in that instant, both pity and resolve strengthen his spine.

"Put your hand on my shoulder," he says.

She obeys, and he lifts her other hand.

"Now when my left leg moves forward, your right leg moves back. And vice versa. And then you move forward, and I move back."

"OK."

He begins to lead her. One step forward, one step back. She treads on his toes.

"It's OK," he whispers. "Smile and look radiant. No one will notice if your footwork isn't perfect."

She treads on his toes a couple more times. He smiles at her encouragingly.

"You're getting there," he whispers.

The look of surprise in her eyes suggests that she had no idea that he could actually be nice. He winces internally. Hey, I'm not that bad. I just don't want people to know it.

By the second stanza, she has gotten the hang of the dance steps. It's time to introduce more fancy moves.

"When I tell you to pirouette, you pirouette."

The tightening of her hand on his shoulder indicates that she is nervous.

"Don't worry. You're doing fine. Don't think about getting every move perfect. Let yourself flow into the music. Relax."

With that, she visibly relaxes and actually looks as though she's enjoying herself. He smiles at her.

"Now pirouette," he murmurs.

She takes her hand off his shoulder and makes several rotations before coming back to him. Their audience applauds.

By the third stanza, both of them are laughing and completely in tune with the music. He leans over and dips her head back, and she flexes her shoulders gracefully. It's like magic.

"Those Zumba classes really paid off," he teases.

"You actually remembered."

"I have an elephantine memory ... when I remember to use it."

She smiles, and he can see the fire in her eyes. They match each other move for move. They are both far from technically perfect, but their passion and enjoyment is contagious, and more than once, he hears whoops from their audience.

She catches on so fast that he finds himself wondering about her in bed. He can well imagine teaching her a few new sexual tricks and having her master them ... on him ... in a matter of minutes. His c**k grows hard again at the thought. He inwardly groans. She's having some wild effect on him, and if he doesn't watch out, he'll find himself f**king her. Or trying to, seeing as she would probably club him on the side of the head before he can get beyond first base.

He wonders how much of why he is so attracted to her is because she doesn't want to have anything to do with him sexually. Once he has had her, would he continue to find her so engaging?

The song winds down to a finish.

"Now put on a show and kiss me," he says.

She does not hesitate. Their mouths clash in a desire-soaked tangle of moving lips and tongue. Her hands creep around his neck and draw him to her forcefully. He falls onto her aggressively, be damned with who is watching. He explores her mouth, swirls his tongue around and across it, tastes her sweetness and the red wine that still clings to her mouth.

He scarcely hears the applause that has broken out amongst their audience until they come up for air. Her face is flushed, her hair is disheveled, but her eyes are misted over with an emotion he can't quite decipher. There's a softness brimming in them that calls to mind candlelight dinners and red, red roses the texture of velvet.

An unbearable lightness buoys his stomach.

No. You mustn't. You don't believe in relationships, remember?

He steels himself and tears his eyes away from hers before he can fall into them. There's a tightness in his throat that makes it hard to draw breath.

His gaze closes in on Lori's face - as black as a raincloud.

He murmurs, "Uh oh, I think we've stolen the thunder from the bride."

10

After saying goodnight to Cassie and Caleb, they trip back to their room at three in the morning, a little drunk.

She's giggling, trying not to get her heels twisted around one another. He's laughing. His skin is flushed and he's obviously high on alcohol.

She inserts their old-fashioned key in the lock. He leans against the corridor wall and lights a cigarette.

"Why do you that?" she asks. "Smoking is so bad for you."

He inhales deeply and lets out a cloud of smoke. "And here I thought we were getting along so well together."

"It's just a comment."

"They're just my lungs," he deadpans.

She pushes open the door, suddenly self-conscious. They are alone again. In a room with a bed.

He strides in and stubs the cigarette in an ashtray on the table. He starts tearing off his clothes in a completely oblivious way, not even looking at her as he throws his jacket, shirt, silk scarf and belt on the bed. He wrenches off his shoes and socks.

She clears her throat.

"Excuse me, but I think we should discuss our sleeping arrangements."

He turns to face her. He is dangerously handsome. His pants are unzipped and his thatch of pubic hair sprouts from his crotch.

He says, "It's easy. There's nothing to discuss. I'll take the bed and you'll take the couch."

"There isn't any couch."

"Tough. Then you'll just have to share a bed with me."

Even though his words carry a seductive languor, his demeanor towards her is not sexual. He is merely undressing himself as he would any other day in his apartment when he's alone. Before she can say anything, he drops his pants. His penis is semi-hard. He flashes her a grin as he turns to walk towards the bathroom. He has a deeply sexual swagger to him.

She understands now that he is not putting on a show just for her. His sexuality is as much part of his genetic makeup as his cockiness and extreme self-confidence.

When he comes back, naked, she has already changed into her nightgown. Before this trip, she and Cassie had gone shopping.

"You're going to make him sleep on the floor without a pillow," Cassie said gleefully.

"I can't do that. That's mean."

"That's your trouble, Sam. You don't know how to play bully. Just think of all the things he did to you in middle grade, and comeuppance will come naturally."

Sam doubts it. She fingers a pretty black silk nightgown - bordered with lace.

"Oh, that's a nice one. The idea is to tempt him, make him hard, and then shove him away to let him painfully sleep on the floor."

"I don't think I'll ever get him hard for me. We don't even like each other. Besides, that's not the point of the whole weekend."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, but these are fringe benefits. Play the coy seductive, torment him to distraction, then pull away at the last minute."

Sam doesn't think she can ever do that. She'd probably snag the lace nightgown on some hook and tear it to shreds before she can get sexy.

And now she's wearing that very nightgown. Not that he can see it, because she has consciously covered herself up to the neck with the blanket. Only the table lamps are on, and the entire room has taken on a cozy, romantic hue which is only too apparent.

"Move over," he says, his knee treading the mattress.

"No. I'd really like you to sleep on the floor."

"After all the tonsil tennis we shared?" He scoots into the bed and lifts up the blanket, which she clutches all the more tightly to her chest. "Relax, I'm not going to touch you with a ten foot pole, although mine is more like ten inches, give or take a few."

She wonders how he can be so cavalier about his nudity. She makes room for him by displacing herself to the edge of the bed. If she rolled to her left, she would fall off and land on the floor with a thud.

"Goodnight, sweetheart," he says, twisting his body so that his back is to her. Within seconds, she hears his breathing grow deeper.

Damn him, but he is soundly asleep.

How is she expected to sleep now, cramped up like this?

She switches off her lamp. She is very aware of his warmth permeating the air space under their shared blanket. She can imagine Cassie asking her in the morning, "So, did you make him sleep on the floor?"

'Uh ... no."

"What? You mean you slept with him?"

"Not exactly. He muscled his way onto the bed and promptly fell asleep."

"With you beside him? And he wasn't even tempted to ... you know ... grope you?"

Come to think of it, her situation is kind of miserable. Here she is, with a handsome and incredibly sexy man, who is stark naked and lying in bed with her. And he falls asleep without so much as making a pass at her.

She listens to his breathing. Her mind tumbles with all sorts of possibilities. And always she comes back to his kisses, the feel of his hard body against hers, the smell of his aftershave mingled with his intoxicating, extremely male scent.

Her entire body stiffens. Moistness trickles within her core, and she feels a rush of inexplicable need, as if her insides have turned into gooey mush.

Oh, oh, oh!

Her hand moves to her swollen sex, all plump and ripened by the hormones coursing in her bloodstream. She's about to do something embarrassing, but she's helpless to prevent it.

She closes her eyes as she slips her fingers underneath her panties. Her clit tingles at her own touch. She delves her fingers through her cracks, squeezing her clit in between. A soft moan escapes her lips. Her pu**y is exquisitely wet, which lubricates her scissoring movements. She wriggles and digs her fingers in deeper, prodding the soft petal folds of her clit and inner labia.

Her breathing rhythm escalates even as her heart slams against her ribcage. In her mind's eye, she can see only Brian's face, hovering above her as he f**ks her repeatedly.

The pleasure that peals in her pu**y lifts her body and arches her back. She twists her neck against the damp pillow as her orgasm crests through her. Her muscles contort explosively. She coils and recoils, her body a whiplash of sensory overload. The sheets beneath her hips are a veritable mess of intermingled creams and sweat.

Oh Brian, Brian!

She would be mortified if he ever found out she masturbated while thinking of him when he was beside her. She would never live it down, especially with his caustic, razor tongue. She can well imagine him using his tongue for something else more inappropriate - much is the agony of it.

Her shudders dissipate slowly, like a wave breaking apart into froth.

Her body aches with the afterglow.

He is still immobile next to her, deep in slumber. She watches his steady breathing, not daring to touch him in any way lest he awake. She knows that if she just ventures a hand forth, she would touch his smooth back. Or his well-shaped bu**ocks.

Go to sleep, Sammie, she berates herself.

She finally does. But her dreams are filled with images of Brian f**king her.

*

Brian wakes up sometime in the morning. The blackouts are drawn close to keep the light out, but from the intensity of sunshine shining through the slit in the curtains, he can tell that it's late morning. Possibly eleven o' clock.

His body aches mildly from too much dancing. He smiles as he remembers last night. He can't recall having such a fabulous time in years. The party had been in full swing, and he vividly remembers Sam's hair tossing here and there as she whips her head back and forth in Zumba dance moves. Sam laughing delightedly. Caleb and Cassie having a wild time.

Sam's warm body is splayed next to his and her hand is unconsciously flung across his back. He turns slowly, displacing it. She does not wake up.

Shit, but he's got an incredible boner.

He watches her in the semi-dark for a while. Her shuttered eyes. Her sweet face. The rise and fall of her chest as she breathes. The blanket is down to her shoulders, and he glimpses the pretty negligee she is wearing, all black lace and frilly patterns.

Now what the f**k is he going to do about his boner?

He can well visualize his hand reaching out to her warm body to wake her. Then he would roll himself to straddle her, and he would kiss her madly and get her worked up into an aroused state. And he would close his mouth around her ni**les, and press his erection against her wet, wet pu**y.

And enter her oh-so-slowly.

He can almost feel her sweet, velvety walls closing around his shaft.

But of course, they had made it clear that they were never going to f**k each other.

He groans. Now what is he going to do about his stiffy?

The only thing he can, of course. Under the blanket, he grasps his diamond hard column of flesh. It is so hard as to be almost painful. He takes a deep breath and starts to polish it with firm, deep strokes. He concentrates on the head, oscillating and jerking his hand back and forth. His arm rapidly gains momentum. He starts to pant with the furious effort.

Ahhhhh.

He arches his back and tips his head against the pillow. His mind is filled with visuals of him stabbing Sam with his prick. Grinding his hips against hers while his mouth explores everywhere else within reach.

Sammie, oh, Sammie. You have no idea. Absolutely f**king no clue of how hot you're making me.

His hand is a blur of movement. Back, forth, back, forth. God, how he misses jerking himself off. He used to do plenty of it when he was fourteen. Back when he was still this pudgy little kid who hadn't gotten laid. After he was yanked out of school and put into a stricter missionary one - where the boys practically had to shave their heads and do a punishing hundred pushups before they start their lessons - he developed a body that he could be proud of and which caught many an eye.

He never really had to jerk off much again.

He lets himself come explosively. He quickly whips back the blanket to release his ejaculation. His c**k jettisons his se**n upward. How high he will never know, because he has his eyes firmly closed and fixated on his memory of Sam throwing her head back while being held in his arms ... on the dance floor.

His spurt of cum seems to go on forever.

When he opens his eyes, the blanket and sheets are stained with glistening white patches. OK, maybe allowing himself to come on the bed wasn't a good idea, especially with Sam next to him. So she's going to wake up, look at all this gooey mess around her and say -

"What the hell are you doing?" She sits up, her hair mussed and sexy. She wildly looks around. "What's all this?"

He lies back on the bed. He can't help it. He starts to laugh.

His shoulders quake with laughter as tears spring into his eyes. The situation is beyond ridiculous. Here he is, giving himself a hand job while the woman he has been fantasizing about for the past three days - yes, he admits that he has - wakes up in bed beside him and yells at him for messing up the sheets.

He should just take her, press her down onto the bed and f**k her. He's certain that some part of her wants him at least. Otherwise, she wouldn't be giving herself so readily to his kisses.

But he doesn't.

There's no point really. They have had too much of a history together, and most of it was bad. Besides, she's only going to get all angsty and miserable after he leaves. That is what comes of knowing someone before f**king them. There are all sorts of weird emotions and expectations in the mix, especially with women, and you never know when they are going to get all weird on you - even though you've made it quite clear it's just a f**k.

That's why he never gets to know anyone before he f**ks them. Too much fallout. Look at what happened to his mother and father. Relationships and marriages are the pits.

She leaps out of bed, shrieking "Eww, eww, eww, eww." He bets she wouldn't be saying that if it was all inside her instead.

She tears back the curtains. Bright light streams into the room. Her hair is disheveled and her cheeks wear a high color. So she's majorly embarrassed, but she manages to look good anyway.

"Oh, stuff it," she declares. "We're going to have to go anyway. I hope you're happy, because the maid who's going to clean up all this mess won't be."

"So I'll leave two hundred dollars by the lampstand as a tip." He gets up. "I'm going to need a shower, sweetheart. Last night was incredible."

"Fuck you."

"You're gonna wish you had when you say goodbye."

It's automatic, this snark of his.

He can feel her eyes on his back and bu**ocks as he vanishes into the shower, grinning. He hits the hot water, and his grin dissipates when he realizes that he would never see her again after this.

11

It's twelve noon when they finally gather at the restaurant downstairs. Caleb and Cassie are extremely hung over and looking sheepish, for some reason. When the boys take their seats and peruse their menus, Sam pulls Cassie to the powder room.

Brian says in a loud voice, "Going in there for a girl chat? Don't forget to tell your best friend how good I was last night."

Several diners at the other tables turn. Flushing, Sam walks Cassie away quickly.

"Did you?" Cassie's eyes are accusing.

"No! How could you even think that?" Righteous indignation pours out of Sam's every syllable. "I'll be glad to go home and never have to see his mug again."

"Ah well, to each her own," Cassie murmurs.

Sam is nonplussed as she follows her friend into the female restroom. Then a light bulb goes off in her head.

She whirls to face her friend. "Oh my God, don't tell me ... you slept with him."

Cassie has the good grace to blush. "We were both drunk."

"But you hardly know each other!"

"As if that has ever stopped me."

Sam's mind is tumbling with possibilities - all exciting. "So are you going to see each other again?"

"I don't know ... he's kind of sweet, don't you think?" Cassie takes out her lipstick from her purse and starts to apply it.

"Hell, yeah! A lot nicer than Brian."

Cassie giggles. "He's terrific in bed. Let's say that for a short-ish guy - "

"He's not that short."

" - I said 'ish'. But he's certainly not short where it matters."

Both of them shriek with laughter. A middle-aged lady comes out of the stall to wash her hands. She darts them a murderous glare.

"Hey, free country, lady," Cassie barks.

The woman hurriedly scoots out of the restroom.

"You're so mean."

"I know."

"If he turns out to be the one, I'm glad for you, Cassie," Sam says warmly.

"It's just one f**k. He may never want to see me again."

"He's not Brian, so cut yourself some slack, OK?"

Yeah, Brian. It's a sobering thought.

"So, let's talk about Brian," Cassie says, handing her the lipstick, "is he still flashing his genitals in your face?"

"Cassie!"

"Well, is he?"

"Kind of." She doesn't feel too comfortable talking about Brian to her best friend for some reason. It's as if what she and Brian had together was too personal.

"You both were really hot together last night. Like, really, really hot."

"I know."

"You should see Lori's face. You were her party pooper."

"Well, she was the one who insisted I lead the dance."

"She wanted you to fall flat on your face. She doesn't know you've been taking Zumba classes. Watch out for her. She's an evil one."

"You shouldn't say that about my sister."

"But she is. Maybe you should get Brian to teach her a lesson."

Sam sighs. "I can't even get Brian to roll over and play dead, let alone fetch."

*

After lunch, they pack up to check out. Brian lugs both Sam's suitcase and his overnight bag down to the reception, and realizes he has forgotten his phone.

"Be right back. Don't miss me too much," he tells Sam.

"You wish."

He takes the elevator up and re-enters their old guestroom. His cellphone is on the bedside table where he left it. He seizes it and slips it into his pocket.

He turns to go to the door but stops short.

"Fancy meeting you here," says Lori at the doorway. She's wearing a halter top with a copious amount of cle**age over tight, tight jeans.

"The sibling object of your affection is downstairs, in case you're asking."

"I know." She slinks into the room. "But it's you I wanted to see."

Brian's antenna pricks.

"Oh? Because you think you'll miss my spectacular dancing?"

"You got it." She's standing very close to him. She puts her hands on his shoulders. "I've been thinking about you last night. All night."

Brian stills. Her strong perfume wafts into his nostrils - dangerous and predatory. "Why? Lance Buchner doesn't get it up for you anymore?"

Lori slides her hands down his chest. "Let's just say he wouldn't be averse to me getting a little on the side."

"You sure about that? Or he wouldn't be averse to not knowing?"

"So what do you see in her anyway? She's clumsy, less pretty and interesting than I am ... and she's certainly not the type of material who snares a billionaire boyfriend overnight."

"I'm not a billionaire, sorry to disappoint you. My uncle is. I'm just a wage worker on the factory grindstone. I grew up eating baked potatoes and living in a hovel."

"Nonsense. You're a Morton and Mortons take care of their own. You own a hundred percent share of Vanguard Advertising, and like the rest of the family, you have shares in every single company in Morton Enterprises Ltd."

"Someone's been doing their homework. Did you Google Lance Buchner before you dated him too? Or did you hire a P.I?"

"Let's just say I'd make you a better partner than my sister will." Her hand dips down to his crotch. "I'm ambitious enough for the two of us. I'm fantastic in bed and I'll make a great hostess, the kind who will do anything to advance her significant other in any world."

"I don't want a hostess." His hand goes down to her groping one and seizes it. "I want someone who doesn't have a reptilian quotient of a backstabbing snake."

He can see her wince. Poor Sam. If this is the type of sister she has, no wonder she's insecure and angsty.

He says pityingly, "Go back to your fiance, Lori Fox, and learn how to love him. For Sammie's sake, I won't tell her about this. She deserves to think you're a better person than you really are."

With that, he strides out of the room without a second look, leaving Lori open-mouthed.

12

Cassie, Caleb and Sam spend most of the time sleeping in the car on the journey back home. Figures. He's the only one who can hold his booze, f**k all night and still appear bright and coffee perky in the morning. That's only what he has been doing for the last ten years.

They drop Cassie and Caleb home with the usual goodbyes and love declarations of "We'll catch up this very night when we work off our hangovers". Then it's time to take Sam home.

Sam is pensive beside him.

"Benjamin Franklin for your thoughts."

She sighs. "They aren't worth a twenty."

"Let me guess. You're thinking that I'm a bigger ass**le than I really am."

"I'm just thinking about my family and why I am the way I am."

"Funny, I was thinking the same thing too."

"About my family?" she says in surprise.

"About why you are the way you are."

"And why am I the way I am, according to the Gospel of St. Brian?" she demands.

"If I give you the extended version, promise not to claw my eyes out?"

She turns away with a flinch. "Who am I kidding? No, I don't want to hear it. You're just going to say something that will lower my self-esteem and make me feel all rotten inside."

That remark strikes him. No, it more than strikes him. It's like someone has taken a sledgehammer to his kneecaps.

Ow.

"Do I really lower your self-esteem?" He crinkles his brow. That would make him no better than Lori Fox where Sam is concerned.

"Well ... you don't mean to, I'm sure, but the world is just one big farce to you. You don't care about anyone or anything, or at least ... you give the impression that you don't through some misguided notion that everyone would think you're the weaker for it. But behind the scenes ... " She shakes her head.

"What?" Woah. This conversation is getting dangerous. Did Lori say something? "What exactly do you mean by 'behind the scenes'? You make me sound like some sinister puppet master."

"Maybe you are." Her big blue eyes turn to regard him. "I've been talking to Caleb, and he told me what you did for him in a bizarre, roundabout way that led to this weekend."

"He's deluding himself if he thinks I did anything for him." Brian chortles. Still, his insides are runny all over suddenly, as though they are in a state of melting.

They reach her apartment building. He stops the car in front of it, aware that this is the last time he would be seeing her again. That is, if Caleb and Cassie don't decide to become an item, in which case they might string him along just to see who Sam will be f**king.

She says, "I guess this is it."

"I guess it's your lucky day, being rid of me forever."

Her features soften.

"Thank you, Brian, for the weekend and ... everything else."

The melting feeling hasn't left his guts. It's almost as though he's coming down with the Spanish flu.

He says quickly, "Yeah, you and I know I was forced into it. Won't be happening again, you can count on it. You need help with your bags?"

"OK," she says gratefully.

He carries her suitcase up to her apartment, which is a loft. It's tastefully decorated with the sort of minimalist furniture he hasn't expected - all modern white sofa set and chrome and glass tables. He would have pegged her to be the rose-and-other-petals type. It just shows that you can't typecast anybody.

He can tell that she's discomfited by him just being in her loft.

"You want some coffee?" she asks.

"No thanks. I've got to be heading back." He's feeling awkward as well. "Well ... goodbye." He holds out his hand, well aware that he has been naked with this woman and sleeping in the same bed just the night before. It had never mattered to him before, but Sam is ... different.

She takes it. Her palm is soft and firm at the same time, and there's a slight tremor to it that he can marginally detect.

He says softly, "I'm sorry for being such a putz to you in middle school."

She gives him a crooked smile. "It's OK. I've forgiven you a long time ago."

"Well. See you around."

He has never said 'see you around' to any woman before, particularly to a woman he has slept with. But he has never slept with Sam, so maybe it just came out naturally.

"See you around," she says.

She still hasn't let go of his hand. There's a wistfulness in her blue eyes that he hasn't seen on any woman for a long, long time, and he realizes it's because he's never gotten to know a woman long enough to see that kind of look in her eyes.

It's exactly what he has been consciously or subconsciously trying to avoid for his entire adult life. He doesn't want to be in a relationship. He knows what happens to relationships. Just look at his parents. They have seemingly everything - money, beauty, pedigree, even health. Everything except compatibility and happiness.

He's pretty sure he doesn't want to end up a miserable alcoholic who takes it out with a belt on his son just because he has got to release that pent-up rage somewhere.

But Sam is making him very, very uncertain of himself right now. Uncertain of his self-imposed rules. Uncertain if he is making the right decisions for himself of never allowing himself to get too close to anyone.

She is still holding his hand as she pulls him close for a kiss. A goodbye kiss, he tells himself.

He leans over and seizes her lips with his mouth. He means it to be a chaste kiss - but upon contact, a different fire he doesn't want to acknowledge is fuelled. A fire of unquenched passion and raging, hidden desires and everything they talk about in the books that he has never read. He kisses her and kisses her - open-mouthed, with hungry lips and tongue and a roaring need in his loins, and with the blood rushing in his ears so frantically that he thinks he's surrounded by a waterfall.

She's equally in as much fervor as he is, because her hands clasp his face and neck and draw him in for a deeper kiss - a merging of mouths and souls. He finds himself fumbling for the buttons on her blouse, and she's tugging his leather jacket off his shoulders, and he's letting her do it. And they are all over each other, groping, grasping, clutching, kissing, never coming up for air, and it's as if he hasn't touched a woman in years, like some sex-starved prisoner.

They drop their clothes on the floor, both driven by a primal energy bigger than the two of them combined. They are both breathing very hard now, and as she rips off his jeans, his c**k rears up to almost hit her on the face.

"Oh wow," she says.

"You've seen it before."

"But never this close."

He laughs softly.

She kneels to take it in her mouth.

"Wait," he says between pants. "I just want to say something before you do anything you regret. This is just a one off. I don't do encores."

Best to be honest about it upfront.

"I know," she says, her eyes shimmering.

"So you're gonna be OK with it?"

"Caleb told me all about you, so I'm OK with it." Her voice quavers slightly.

13

To be honest, she isn't sure she's going to be OK with it, but she sure as hell will try. She has seen his c**k before, but it's another thing to actually taste it - to roll and slide her wet tongue around its crown, the little ridge that separates his head from his shaft, and to press her tip into the little slit on his bulge.

He is salty and sweet all at the same time, and there's a masculine musk that emanates from his thatch of pubic hair and his smooth balls, which she cups in her right palm.

He moans softly and smoothens her hair.

She takes more of him into her mouth. She has to stretch the sides of her mouth wide to accommodate his girth. His flesh rushes in and fills her up to her throat, flattening her tongue and expanding the sides of her cheeks. It has been so long since she has performed fellatio, and every shred of technique she ever had - or thought she had - flees from her mind. She is now focused on sucking him as though he is a gargantuan lollipop, and taking more and more of him in ... and out ... and in, and out. Until she's practically massaging his thick rod of warm flesh with her hollowed cheeks and grazing his skin lightly with her teeth.

His appreciative noises only serve to spur her further. Her hands rub and caress his balls, two delicious fruits in their tight casings.

His fingers play with her hair, dance with her tresses and grab bunches of it as she sucks him harder. And all this while, the kernel of need in her core is building and building, and her juices are flowing and melting her insides with heat and making them go all soft and achy with want.

"Sam," he says hoarsely, "I need to f**k you."

She needs him to f**k her too. The tunnel of her pu**y literally clenches with her need to be filled by him. It's a visceral hunger. A scorching culmination of her manifested desires.

They don't even make it to the bed.

She takes his glistening c**k out of her mouth, and he reaches for his jeans pocket to take out a little silver foil packet.

"Here, put it on me," he says.

Her fingers are trembling as she takes the condom packet from him. She rips a tear into it with her teeth. Then she takes out the little circular fold of rubber and rolls it slowly, oh so slowly, onto his stone hard cock.

"You're good," he teases.

"I wish I can say I've had plenty of practice, but I don't." In truth she is nervous. Nervous that she wouldn't measure up to his usual standards - to the hundreds of women he has obviously bedded.

He senses this.

He caresses her cheek. "Hey," he says softly, "just follow my lead."

She looks up at him with shining eyes. He is so handsome. So masculine. So much in command of everything he is doing. She wishes she can be as confident as he is.

Then he grabs her by the shoulders and flips her onto her back with sudden aggression. His eyes sparkle dangerously. She's lying on the floor, naked, her pointy br**sts bare to him and the velvet down of her pu**y moist and open.

He parts her legs and positions himself in between them. Without mercy, he plunges into her - deep and strong and fitfully.

She shrieks.

"You OK?" he says, thrusting himself in and out of her all at once.

She's too bowled over to answer, but she nods. The pain is instantaneous, sharp but pleasurable. The sudden expansion of walls long left untouched is overwhelming, to say the least. She feels as if she has been sucker punched down there - but in a good way. In a long, pulling, languorous sort of way.

She twists her head left and right. Her hips are snagged beneath his pumping ones, trapped in a vise grip around the anchor of his penis, unable to move.

"You sure?" he says.

"Y-yes."

"Been a while, huh?"

"Not for you, I suppose."

"I could barely get through the weekend without thinking of doing this to you every five minutes."

She can't believe what she's hearing.

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. I wanted you bad. Couldn't you tell by the way my c**k hardens up every time I flash it before you?"

He pummels his way vigorously, going so deep that his c**k head grinds and knocks against the little puckered orifice of her cervical mouth. The energy of his hips slamming against hers astounds her. She has never had such a frenetic lover before, let alone one who knows how to angle his head in such a way that it hits a spot just below her cervix - the very spot that sends curling tingles all over her pelvic region and up her spine into her fevered brain.

"Oh, oh, oh," she cries.

"What? You like it here?" He pinions her hips and concentrates on that spot. "They say 'G' is the target."

"Bullseye," she replies faintly.

Oh, she's going to miss him after this. After being f**ked by Brian Morton, what other guy can possibly compare?

He drives himself floridly onto her G-spot - coring it, rubbing it until she writhes and screams in delirious pleasure. Her orgasm is blinding, coming on almost without her giving it permission. She arches her back from the floor and screams with all the sound and fury in her body. Paeans and paeans of sensation whiplash and crash through her sensory fibers.

And still he does not give her respite. He goes on and on, f**king and squeezing herself within her smooth passage while his lips dip down to kiss her savagely on her mouth. Again and again. Wet tongues laving wet tongues. Moist groins bumping and squishing with squelchy, love-struck noises. She has never felt so desired before. Or so horny. Even as her first orgasm abates, a second one blossoms and crests.

He trawls her through three mind-blowing orgasms before he lets himself have one. And even then, he keeps on going. She can feel him softening inside her, and then hardening again. Does this man ever stop? He's more than an incredible f**k. And when he looks into her eyes so deeply the way he is doing now - with gold flecks in his brown irises - she can imagine herself falling in love.

God forbid.

Never, ever, ever must she allow this. Because he won't be reciprocating it any time soon, she can be certain.

He doesn't do encores. Better take what he has to offer right now.

He finally collapses on top of her, his body shuddering with deep breaths. His skin is flushed and beaded with sweat. A drop actually falls upon her lips, and she licks its salty tang away. She can almost imagine it to be one of her tears.

His chest heaves with several deep breaths, and then he settles on top of her, sinking comfortably into every curve she possesses.

"Now I know why you're so slim," she says. "You must get thorough workouts every day."

He laughs. "Let me catch my breath, and then it's one more for the road."

Yes, she's going to miss this. Miss him laughing with her. Miss his snarky sense of humor. Miss his vivid smiles and the snap of fire in his dazzling eyes. Miss discovering more about him - those endless, boundless undulations and complexities of his mind that she has yet to explore.

She strokes his cheek.

"Goodbye, Brian."

He sighs as he smiles winningly. "Gawd, I hope you're not going to get all weird on me."

"No, I promised I wouldn't. And I won't."

"I believe you."

He kisses her again. A loving deep kiss that is layered with regret and emotion and hidden meaning that she would like to read in between his lip nuances.

I'll make myself un-miss him.

He smiles again. "Now what do you say to us grabbing a bite to eat ... and then f**king our brains out one more time?"

*

They made love throughout the evening, and then through the night, stopping now and again to drink wine or nibble at snacks. He falls asleep on her bed for the second night in a row. This time, they are entwined. Limbs curled around each other's, her head on his chest, listening to his steady heartbeat.

It is ... almost romantic.

He reminds himself he doesn't do romance.

When dawn snakes through the cracks in her curtains, he puts his hand on her hair and tugs at it gently.

"Wakey, wakey. I've got to be getting back to the Evil Day Job."

"Oh right," she groans, "it's Monday. Two nights of partying. I can't believe it. It's so not me."

Yeah, but it's me, he thinks. Time to get back to his old life. Why does he feel heavy all of a sudden, like there's a lead anchor dragging down his chest?

He vaults out of bed for a shower.

"I thought you were the boss," she calls from the bed.

"Yeah, well, somebody's got to play the devil." He has got to work back his razor edge. He has been uncharacteristically mellow last night. Any more of this and he will be losing his touch.

When he has finished showering, she stands by the bathroom door, watching him as he towels his hair dry. They are both silent. He hates goodbyes and he knows she senses that he doesn't want her to create a scene. And so she doesn't. She just stands there, her hair mussed up - that sexy, been-fucked-all-night, out-of-bed hair that he finds so alluring. Her eyes are soft and accepting, and he's grateful that she doesn't try to talk him out of leaving.

After he has dressed in yesterday's clothes, she watches him walk to the front door.

"Have a good life," she says.

"You too, sweetheart."

He turns to go before he can say something he's going to regret, which is basically the story of his life. He avoids the elevators and bolts down the stairs, fleeing the carapace of emotions he left behind.

14

Sam finds herself thinking of Brian from time to time. She plays their lovemaking over and over again in her mind.

She's not in love with him, she sternly tells herself. He is just a wonderful memory. A keepsake in her little box of secrets. She will never see him again, but take him out from her drawer from time to time to fantasize about - like a high school yearbook photo of a great-looking boy who took her to the prom.

She doesn't tell Cassie about her night with Brian. She would like to keep it to herself, hug it warmly to her chest.

"So are you going to call Caleb?" she casually asks Cassie.

Her best friend stirs the froth on her cappuccino, despoiling the carefully shaped chocolate powder heart. She makes a face.

"I'd rather he call me first."

"And has he?"

"No."

"Maybe he's waiting for you to call."

"Maybe he's too indoctrinated in the Brian Morton school of one night stands."

Sam winces at the mention of Brian's name.

'Ah well," Cassie says in a singsong voice, "back to the old daily grind of waiting by the phone. Only we don't have to technically wait by the phone anymore, seeing as we are all equipped with text, Viber, What's App and a million other ways to get dumped."

"He did not dump you."

"He didn't exactly jump all over on seeing me again either. I mean, it's understandable for Brian, but I thought Caleb and I had a connection. At least ... we talked. And talked and talked and talked while we f**ked."

That's more than I can say for Brian, Sam thinks in chagrin.

Still, what is a girl to do but carry on with the precious mementoes in her life?

*

Brian finds himself thinking of Sam when he's supposed to be concentrating on something else. Like this really boring ad presentation, for example.

"And so, it's PERFECT," the enthusiastic young exec says, tapping the mockup, "the perfect cream for the perfect woman."

He beams as though he has just found a shortcut to the fountain of youth.

Brian feels like burying his face in his hands. Or better still, burying the young exec under a mountain of PERFECT cream. Who the hell copyrights a name like PERFECT anyway?

"And that's supposed to make me run out to Nordstrom, throw down my credit card and shell three hundred dollars out for it?" he says caustically.

"Uh, sir, with all due respect, you're not the target audience for this copy."

"I'll tell you who the target audience is for this synthetic tub of goo that's the chemical composition of something you don't really want to know. It's the imperfect woman. Where the f**k did you get the idea that women are perfect anyway?"

"Uh, sir ... they do strive for an ideal - "

"I take it that you've never lived with a woman before?" Neither has Brian, but he's not going to let that on to the gap-toothed kid who obviously hasn't started shaving yet.

"I live with my mother, sir. And I'm g*y."

Brian rolls his eyes. "Astounding. Take it from me, kid. Women aren't perfect."

In fact, he has known that all along. It's just something which has never really occurred to him before, kind of like a thesis on the air he is breathing that he suddenly has to write about.

He takes a deep breath and goes on, "They're highly strung, sometimes whiny and they do impractical, irrational things ... such as asking their ex-school bully to be their pretend boyfriend to their sister's engagement party over the weekend."

The young ad exec blinks, clearly lost in this thread of conversation.

"Or taking the dance floor by storm even when they can't distinguish somebody else's toes from their own."

He's aware that Sam's face has invaded his mind now, pretty much in the manner of alien thought control.

"Or fussing over their hair and worrying about it being too curly when it's the most glorious thing on the planet. Or throwing a hissy fit when you've masturbated in your shared bed the night before and exploded your cum all over your sheets."

The young exec's jaw is on the table. "Oh wow, I never knew women were like that, sir."

"Yeah." Brian shoves the pile of prints across the table. "Go back to school, kid, and come back when you've f**ked a woman. And if you can't get your dick up for one, try living with her for a weekend."

Fuck. Now he's getting all weird.

It's all Sam's fault. She has gotten under his skin somehow. Wormed in when he least expected it.

Now if only he can get Samantha Fox and her imperfect life out of his head.

15

THREE MONTHS LATER

The club music's thumpa-thumpa-thumpa drowns everything out except the throbbing of Brian's alcohol-soaked brain. Gawd. Don't tell me I'm getting too old for this, he thinks.

He lifts his beer bottle to Caleb. They are at the blue-lighted bar.

"To new beginnings."

"What? I can't hear you."

"I said 'That cute guy is grinning at you."

"What cute guy? Where?" Caleb appears outraged.

Brian throws his head back and laughs.

"That one." He jabs at the middle of the dance floor, where people are jumping, whirling, writhing in severe contortions (possibly of pain?) and basically doing their primal pre-mating ritual.

There's a bobbing head that looks painfully familiar. Brown untamed curls. Pert cute smiling face. Zumba-like dance moves.

No shit.

He's aware that he's looking at Sam. And her dancing has been taken up yet another notch since they last were together. She's wearing ... not a bandeau top ... but close. A hot red little number that shows off her curves and with more confidence than he has ever seen on her. Her skirt is definitely flirty - a tie-dyed parasol number that twirls prettily as she spins.

She is dancing with Cassie, who is looking marvelous in a shiny black number. Several guys are looking over longingly at the two of them.

Brian's smile stretches wide.

"You seeing what I'm seeing?" Caleb yells above the din.

"Yeah. Kismet."

"It's almost like you described it back at the party. Only Sam is not dancing with a dude with greasy hair and a T-shirt that says - "

"'FUCK ME GENTLY'," they chorus.

And laugh.

Brian shrugs. "What can we do?"

His feet are still rooted to the spot.

"I don't know about you," Caleb says, "but I'm going down there."

Brian watches his best friend weave through the throng to go to Cassie. Caleb taps a delighted Cassie on the shoulder. She swings and registers genuine surprise. They hug and begin to dance together.

Sam is left floundering, but not for long. A dude with a shock of hair - which is unfortunately not greasy - cuts in to dance with her instead.

To hell if he's going to let that happen.

Brian takes a long swig of his beer and slaps it down on the bar. Then he elbows his way through the sweaty, shiny bodies until he reaches Sam.

"Take a hike," he says to the dude. "I wanna dance with my former girlfriend."

The smile that lights Sam's face up brings a pang to his heart.

She puts one hand on his shoulder and the other in his hand, and together, they dance the night away.

