1

Samantha Fox proudly surveys the layout of their new gym. The place she and Brian rented used to be a tropical-themed restaurant. Ceiling-to-floor windows surround almost every facade of the area, and the building itself is oddly shaped - with rooms sticking out everywhere like sore appendages from a misused mannequin.

Sam jokingly calls it an octadecahexagon. Whatever that means.

Presently, the restaurant turned exercise mecca is filled with rows and rows of leased gym equipment. The treadmills line four spacious windows, followed by a layer of elliptical cross-trainers and exercise bikes. In another section, the weight-lifting MultiGyms rub shoulders with the rowing machines. Racks of shining new dumbbells stack against several inner walls, and there are FitBalls and skipping ropes and exercise charts paraded everywhere in carefully arranged hegemony.

The shiny new staff they hired comprises of twenty young men and women - all fit, all nicely built, all attractive, all almost tanned. The men are muscle bound without appearing steroid-amped. The women are smooth-skinned, radiant and slim.

Brian Morton curls around an elliptical trainer, watching Sam with a strange light in his eyes. Watching her. Not the glowing younger women. This makes her proud as hell, and she beams even more radiantly than her workers. He wears a black wife beater over faded blue jeans, but there's no doubt from the way he carries himself that he's the boss in this place.

Or co-boss, since he's letting her call the shots.

"I'll remain a silent partner," he teased her earlier.

"Oooh, how silent?" she asked him.

He grinned as he shimmied down her naked, prone body. He parted her thighs.

"As silent as I will be while doing this."

He lowered his mouth onto her wet pu**y, and started to lave her clit and inner labia. Her fists bunched the sheets as she closed her eyes to savor his wicked tongue. He took her clit in between his lips and nibbled the burning piece of flesh gently.

Ohhhhh, she wanted to cry out. But silence had to be maintained if she wanted to prove a point to him.

They were in his new bedroom. He had bought an apartment in another part of Chicago. Although it was still roomy and comfortable, it was a downsize from his previous luxury penthouse.

She had been anxious about him. "Are you OK?"

"I still have all my hair and teeth, and last I checked, my balls are still descended. So yeah, I'm OK."

She punched his arm. "I mean financially."

"I had to give up the ten thousand dollar hookers and the Dom Perignon-laced orgies," he deadpanned, "but other than that, I'm OK."

"You sure the funding for our gym came from the loan your bank manager friend gave you?"

"Absolutely, positively, one hundred percent as sure as the fact I have an oversized penis. We can do lunch with Harold and he'll let you see the documents yourself if you don't trust me." He managed to look miffed.

"I trust you." She didn't want him to put out in any way to help her. She was glad he seemed to have recovered his ribald spirits. It was nice to listen to his snark again, which had been muted for so long.

And now, here they are - in a gym they co-own.

Sam takes in all the eager faces of her new staff. My new staff, she proudly thinks. She has never run a company or even a division in her entire life. She has never managed people before, at least not directly under her. She's as nervous as a bird with a fractured wing.

What if I f**k up?

"You won't f**k up," Brian had assured her. "I've managed plenty of people in my time. I'll show you the ropes, though for my consultation fee, you'd have to put out."

"Put out?"

"Yeah." He grinned. "Sex four times a day."

It's amazing how much he has helped her, even though his own situation is grim.

She faces the staff - the receptionist, the trainers, the recruiters, the cleaners ... hell, whatever it says on their business cards. She beams.

"So, guys, have we delivered the flyers to every home and apartment in the vicinity?" she says.

"They all went out last week," the receptionist confirms.

"Then tomorrow we officially open," Sam says. "Bring on the bubbly!"

Everyone claps and cheers. Champagne bottles pop. Brian smiles at her, and she experiences tingles all over. He's letting her run the gym completely, and she hopes she won't let him down.

2

It has been three months since 'the incident', as Brian refers to it. He is aware that after the court case, his freedom might be taken away from him for a good ten years or so - if he is convicted. And there's nothing the hell he can do about it.

Because you deserve it. You are your father's son.

No, don't even think about that. Live in the moment. That's right.

He takes a deep breath and concentrates on the present. He takes in his surroundings. Their new gym. They had named it 'SHAPE'.

Sam is briefing everyone and she is just about finished.

He has been having post-traumatic stress disorder, which has caused him to 'hang out' permanently with Sam, and not any other woman who gives him the once over.

And there have been plenty of women who have made known to him that they are willing to spread their legs for him anytime. Waitresses. Real estate agents, especially during the time he was hunting for a new, downgraded apartment. But he can never be sure if they are checking him out for his looks and suave sophistication, or because they recognized his face in a newspaper. Hell, if they recognized his face, they should be running away from him, screaming - not toward him.

Anyhow, he's hesitant to pursue those longing, come-hither glances - just in case one of those women might sue him for eye contact.

This is the main reason why he has managed to remain monogamous to Sam, he tells himself. He has not been mono-amorous since he started having sex in the tenth grade. Not that he had told Sam he was sleeping only with her. It would ruin his reputation, and he has to preserve it where Sam is concerned lest she gets ideas.

Something in his chest squirms when he thinks of her. Something he doesn't want to (is afraid to) acknowledge. He's happy when he's with her, even with the weight of the world straddled upon his shoulders.

It's almost as though she's enough for him. And all the trappings the world has once offered - money, unlimited sex with anonymous strangers - seem to fade into obscurity. He wonders why he needed them in the first place.

Like this new trainer at the gym, for example.

He had let Sam do all the hiring because the gym was more her thing than his. More importantly, he wants to lay low for a while. He's afraid that his (public) involvement may send out the wrong perceptions and cause disrepute to the gym.

Besides, he doesn't want to be partial to hiring only curvy blondes.

The trainer's name is Lydia. She is a brunette who has streaked her hair purple. It's a deep purple that is almost black, so you can't tell the purple tints apart unless she stands under some fluorescent light.

After Sam has given them all her pep talk, Lydia sidles up to him.

"So," she says casually, "I hear you're Brian Morton. You own this place."

"Along with Ms. Fox, your employer. I'm the silent partner."

She's smiling at him in a coy, seductive way, and he smiles back - carefully. Wouldn't want the staff to think one of the partners is standoffish.

"You're famous," she says. "Everyone here is talking about you."

"All the more reason for you to stay away, else I might do something you'll regret," he deadpans.

She laughs. "I'm not afraid of you. No one here is. We all know you didn't do it."

"Whatever happened to guilty unless proven innocent?"

"You can't scare me." Her eyes rake him up and down. "You know, you've got a good body. But I can make it even better."

"How?" he challenges her. It's not an encouragement. He's not even flirting. He just wants to see where this goes.

"I could be your personal trainer. Five times a week. For free. Call it up sucking up to the boss."

"I'm not your boss. She is." He jerks his chin towards Sam, who is talking to one of the hunky trainers. A twinge of irrational jealousy strikes him, and then it passes. He has no right to chide Sam for talking - or doing anything else - with someone else she finds attractive. After all, they are both free spirits, and he has as much claim on her as she has on him.

"But you're an equal partner."

"Who told you that?"

"She did." Lydia jerks her head towards Sam. "She seems to think very highly of you, and she mentions you any way she gets. She refers to you as 'her partner'. Does it mean more than I think it does?'

"Office gossip is so passe."

"We're not in the office."

He uncurls himself from the handlebars of the elliptical trainer. "I'll think about your offer."

"Please do." She smiles at him winningly again. "You know where to find me ... anytime."

Not too long ago, he would have considered her offer tempting. But not right now. Sam averts her head to glance at him. She is laughing, and her cheeks are rosy. She is the very epitome of health, and a spool of obvious desire for her tightens his balls.

Damn.

Why is she laughing so hard with that hunky trainer? Doesn't the kid know that she's the boss and he should be hands off? Damn his perfect pecs and white teeth. Damn that mass of blond hair. Why does he have to wear it shoulder-length and romance novel cover-style?

Maybe I should have been involved in the hiring process after all.

Still, Brian has to smile back at her. Make her think nothing affects him. And it shouldn't, of course. He must be getting maudlin in his fall from grace. He must erase all petty thoughts and ridiculous jealousies. Him - jealous of a twenty-one year old hunk who's trying to paw at the luscious female boss. What are his sensibilities coming to?

The staff is getting ready to go. After all, they don't open until tomorrow. Blond hunk detaches himself from the Stairmaster, upon which he is draped like a muscly cloth, and follows the rest to the reception area. Holding her notepad, Sam comes over to Brian.

"Berating the staff?" he asks her lightly.

"Motivating them. It's what you taught me, remember? His name is Thor."

"Thor?" he repeats, crinkling his brow.

She laughs. "I know. Not exactly a name for a gym bunny."

"On the contrary, it fits him to the tee. Or lack of a tee." He's giving Thor, the gym god, his dues. See how Sam will respond to that.

She taps her notepad. "Brian, in anticipation of our opening, Fitness Worx ten blocks down is giving a recruitment discount."

He nods grimly. Gyms are competitive in Chicago, and if it weren't for Sam's lifelong dream, he would avoid gym businesses like the plague. Still, some pigheadedness in him is determined to make this a success, even if he knows f**k all about it.

She sighs. "We've only had ten sign-ups pre-opening."

"Maybe it'll get better when we actually open tomorrow. We don't have a brand name like Fitness Worx. We don't have twenty-two chains and their marketing muscle. We're starting from scratch. Hell, I don't expect us to break even for three years."

"Three years is a long time," she says. "We've done everything. Put out the flyers, the banners to let everyone we're here. Everything."

He squeezes her shoulder. "Let's not worry about stuff till we have to worry about it, OK?"

They are alone in the gym now. Unless Thor is waiting for her outside. And unless Lydia has in mind to waylay him in the men's locker room.

Sam's wide eyes gaze at him, and it's a look - which he is trying to deny, and which she isn't very good at concealing - of adoration. His heart wrenches. Lately, he has taken to feeling that way too about her. Not that he's going to let it stick. Not that he isn't going to quash it down like an ice-cream cone down a gullet on a parched summer's day.

He smiles languidly at her. His hand on her shoulder slides down to her bare arm. She wears a sleeveless white tee above pink slacks. She has let her hair grow longer, and her brown curls are now below her shoulders. She looks good this way.

He says, "What do you say we check out the steam room?" He teases out a lock of her curls. He can do this forever - play with her hair.

"Hmmm, wouldn't do to have it jam up on us opening day," she murmurs.

Smiling, they shuffle to the steam room, which is located beyond the changing rooms and locker area. There are two saunas altogether - one for men and the other for women. They stand outside the men's sauna. He leans over, grabs her face in his hands and starts to kiss her hungrily. They haven't had sex since ... uh, when was it? This morning?

He's ravenous for her now, believe it or not. The skin around his balls contracts, and he feels the warm blood rush into his dick - empowering it with the familiar outpouring of fluids and rapidly rising tissue.

She seems to be as equally hungry for him. She grabs his waist, her hands roaming up and down his back, as she attacks his lips. One palm goes to the front to cup his engorged c**k and balls. She fumbles for his zipper as she drinks in his mouth. They are both entwining their tongues around each other's - a sensuous interplay of need and wetness.

His zipper rips.

He didn't wear underwear today, and his c**k springs out like a Jack-in-a-box. She catches the thick, warm rod of flesh and clutches at it. Then she starts to massage it with firm, pressured strokes - back, forth, back, forth. His hands are squeezing her br**sts, and he's reaching for her top and pulling it off, breaking off the kiss momentarily. Her eyes are dark with desire and her mouth is slightly open and panting.

They tear each other's clothes off in haste, leaving their piles of discarded clothing on the floor. She ignites a fire within him like no other woman has before, but he will be damned if he ever tells her that.

They step into the steam room and shut the door behind them with a slam. The room has no lock upon it for obvious reasons, and if Lydia or Thor had decided to stay back and wanted to come in to speak to their bosses, they would be in for a very hair-raising eyeful.

The steam room is lined with wooden benches. The moist heat immediately wraps around their naked bodies. Beads of water coalesce upon his skin and hers. His palms upon her body gather a film of moisture, and he pushes two of his fingers into her open pu**y - already wet and throbbing with need.

She gasps against his mouth. Then she descends, her knees buckling as though she is succumbing to gravity. Her tongue flicker against his nipple. He pulls in a sharp breath. She knows his trigger points so well, and she knows that his right nipple is more sensitive than his left. And so she concentrates her clever tongue upon it while the fingers and thumb of her right hand plays with his left.

He lets her lave his ni**les while his hands slide up and down her back and dampening hair. She spends an inordinately long period on his ni**les. He savors every oscillation of her tongue, marveling at how skillful she has gotten with that appendage in such a short period of time.

He raises his chin and closes his eyes as she descends even further. She's going to apply that masterful tongue on his nether regions now, and he will never protest against that. He sucks in his breath and waits for the first contact of her hot tongue upon his weeping cock. He isn't disappointed. Her wriggling tongue settles upon his c**k head immediately, and he feels his bu**ocks clenching as she closes her warm mouth around his hard, straining crown.

Ohhhhh. His balls tighten as she sucks him in.

Her inner cheeks are silky. They feel like a cocoon enwrapping his ultra-sensitive column. The sordid sensations unfurl and rush around his groin like a maelstrom. He basks in the adoration of her mouth as she sucks and sucks at him. His fingers trawl her damp hair.

God, but she has such a talented tongue. She can get him off just like this if she's not careful.

When his balls are full to bursting and the skin around his c**k is too tight, he carefully disengages her mouth from it.

"You'll make me come," he whispers.

She pauses in her fellatio briefly and looks up at him with a sly smile. "I thought that was the point."

"But I want to stick it into you and f**k you till you scream," he says, still in that smoky whisper.

She likes it when he talks dirty to her.

"Then do it, lover boy."

He laughs softly. Their bodies are covered with a sheen of sweat. He seats his bare bu**ocks on a smooth wooden bench and lets her straddle his hips. He stares deeply into her eyes and holds her waist as she navigates her pu**y above his cock.

They have been doing it bareback for some time. Since when, he can't be sure - but it's an unspoken tacit understanding between them that he wasn't f**king anyone else, and she wasn't either. The moment he rolls on a condom, she would know he's f**king someone else.

He tips his head back, and lets out a guttural groan as she sheathes his c**k with the wonderful glove of her pu**y.

"God, you feel so good," he hisses between clenched teeth.

For answer, she buries her face in the crook of his neck and starts to move against his hips. Up, down - the familiar sliding sensation of velvety flesh around his most sensitive area.

They both moan in unison - in his practiced concert they know so well. She varies the tempo of her movements. She knows he likes variation. Sometimes she would do it fast, and sometimes she would slow down - letting him recover with kisses and moans upon her neck and cheeks.

And all this time, she clenches his hot column with her pu**y muscles. He thrusts his hips upwards to meet hers just as she grinds herself downwards upon him. He allows himself to build and build, sensing that he needs quick release.

His balls twitch.

"God, I'm really going to come inside you," he warns.

"Come," she says simply. She seems to be very close herself to the threshold.

He holds back, restraining himself until he hears her gasp. She throws her head back and chokes out a guttural cry. It is then he allows himself to erupt. A long, continuous stream of hot cum gushes out of his tip and froths into her pu**y - that wonderful tunnel of mind-bending pleasure he has come to worship.

He bucks into her. His bu**ocks squeeze, jettisoning trails of live-giving se**n into her. Deep, deep, until he's practically goring at the orifice of her cervix with the edge of his cock.

Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh!

She collapses on top of him - all wet limbs and limp hair and cold, clammy flesh. He feels his muscles relax in the aftermath. They hold on to each other, and he nudges her neck with his lips. She does the same to him.

Like almost love.

Her cellphone outside the door buzzes. It's a ringtone he hasn't heard before. Her head rises from his shoulder. He catches a glimpse of her eyes. They are suddenly shaken ... concerned.

She makes to pull herself off him, but he catches her arms.

"Don't go. Let it ring."

"I have to get this," she murmurs.

"Why? What's so important?"

"Gym stuff." She appears to be in a hurry. She doesn't want to meet his eyes.

With a twinge of irrational jealousy, he wonders if it's Thor who is calling her. It's 'Gym stuff' all right.

Still, he lets go of her. He has no claim on her. He has to keep telling himself that.

"Call me when you get back," he says. She didn't even say she was going out. He just assumes she is.

"OK." She gives him a bright, too-quick smile, and exits the door, still very naked.

He watches her retreating back as she closes the door tightly shut on him, and spends the next ten minutes trying to suppress the dark thoughts that stir within his brain.

3

Sam sees the missed call number on her cellphone display. Her heart skips a beat. She quickly dresses without toweling off, and uck! - she's wet everywhere. Brian's delicious se**n is still leaking from her pu**y, staining the insides of her thighs. Pity, but she really, really has to take this.

Finally!

After almost two and a half months of trying, this is the first call she has received from Delilah Faulkner. She almost trips in her haste as she rushes through the gym into her office. She shuts the door, her pulse beating wildly.

She presses 'dial'.

Since her 'chance' encounter with Delilah at the manicurist's, the woman has proven largely elusive. Sam engineered another chance encounter at a grocer's she knew Delilah patronized. After that, they promised to catch up and exchanged numbers. But Delilah backed off at the last minute from something Sam had planned, citing 'family problems'.

Sam found herself wondering many times throughout those two months if Delilah had had her followed. After all, two could play at the same game of private detective. And yet, if Delilah knew that Sam was Brian Morton's lover, why didn't she blow the whistle? Or is she playing Sam along, waiting for the right moment to strike?

No, no, no, perish the thought. Delilah Faulkner wouldn't do anything illegal now that her court case date has been set. She wanted justice, and she would be getting it through legitimate means, even if it meant bringing down an innocent man whose greatest crime was promiscuity, and who was so psychologically traumatized by the whole thing that he didn't even dare to revisit the possibility that he might have been framed.

And thus, Sam has to do it for him.

But now, Delilah is calling, and Sam is returning her call. The thump-thump-thump of her heart against her ribcage vibrates her hand, and therefore her cellphone. Her clothes cling to her sticky skin.

Come on, come on ... answer.

Delilah picks up at the fifth ring. "Hello?"

"Delilah? It's Samantha. Samantha Adamston here." Sam doesn't quite trust her voice not to squeak. She did not use her real name, but her mother's. She didn't want to be that easy to track down. "I saw your missed call on my display."

"Yes." The voice on the other end is tentative, hesitant. "I was wondering ... if we could go to a movie. There's this new one with Emma Stone I wanted to see."

Sam holds her breath. "Why ... yes. Sure. I've wanted to watch that one too."

"OK. Meet me at the AMC North Michigan box office tonight at eight."

"Great. Um, do you want to catch dinner first? There's a Creole restaurant of sorts on the second floor of the cineplex. I've always wanted to try that."

"Can't. I've got stuff to do before that. I'll see you at eight. Upstairs."

"OK. See you."

Sam rings off, the blood thundering in her ears.

She sees a shadow standing outside the frosted glass of her office door. She hastily puts her cellphone into her back pocket and strides to the door. She opens it.

Brian stands outside, still naked. He's toweling his hair, and his body still wears some residual wetness from some areas he has forgotten to wipe off.

"Problems with the gym?" he says mildly.

"Nothing important. I've got an ... appointment tonight, so I can't do dinner."

He's silent for a moment, and then he smiles. She wishes he doesn't look so eminently f**kable, but he does.

"Have a good time then," he says, with a hint of undertones. He doesn't ask with whom she has an appointment with, but she knows him too well. He suspects she's hiding something.

"Thanks." She kisses him on the lips. "I have to go now. See you tomorrow? Opening day?"

"You betcha."

She gropes his flaccid cock, and in her palm, it becomes semi-turgid once again. Damn, she wishes she can stay, but there's so much to do and so little time.

The court case is in a month's time, and the public has already hung Brian Morton. She has exactly four weeks to prove them - and Brian's guilty subconscious - wrong.

4

Ten blocks away from their gym, Brian drives past Fitness Worx and sees the giant banner strung above their wide door. The place is huge, of course, with three floors of gym equipment and even a pool. He had checked them out before, and found the recruiters greedy and impersonal - too involved in securing your signature on the dotted line and less in finding out your needs and gym goals.

But the place is impressive, nonetheless.

'50% off recruitment fees,' the banner proclaims in bold, black letters. The parking lot at Fitness Worx is packed to the brim with cars.

No wonder Shape is having problems with recruitment. He wonders if they had made a mistake opening so close to Fitness Worx, and but it was the only place large enough that was available, and besides ... it was Sam's dream. He isn't going to stand in the way of it.

They'd make it work, dammit.

He steps on the gas pedal to move the car faster. He hasn't given up his black Ferrari. He doesn't think he will get a good resale value on it.

He drives another ten blocks and valet parks at Crisco's, a chophouse he sometimes frequents for lunch. He likes the Porterhouse there. He walks in, feeling just a little self-conscious as the waiter eyes him up and down.

"Would it be a table for one, sir?"

"Yes."

He has to get over this irrational feeling that everyone knows who he is and what he has done. It has gotten worse as the trial date approaches, even though the newspapers have long since dropped the speculations. He's not enough of a celebrity to keep the gossip mill going.

The waiter picks up one menu. "This way, please."

The chophouse is crowded. The low murmurs of talking patrons at every table fill the atmosphere, which is scented with the tangy aroma of barbecued beef ribs and sizzling steaks. Is it his imagination or is everyone surreptitiously sizing him up?

He blinks, trying to clear his head.

The waiter draws up a chair to a table for two in a corner. "Please have a seat, sir. Someone will be with you shortly."

That's when Brian sees her. Right across the room, dining with a silver-haired gentleman who has a stack of documents on the table beside his plate.

Red hair. Grey eyes. Flawless complexion.

He freezes.

She looks up and sees him too. The air in the room suddenly turns frigid.

Delilah Faulkner's face contorts, and before Brian can involuntarily back out of his chair, she points to him, opens her mouth like a banshee, and screams.

He is hurtled backward by the force of her distress. It is as though the air between them has contracted and become a pummeling bag. She is screaming as though he is the Phantom of the Opera, the Antichrist made flesh in this suddenly stunned restaurant of diners.

The waiters rush to Delilah. Her chair is upturned and her dining companion is equally stunned. He looks towards Brian, and does a double take. The diners around their table fling themselves out of their chairs, leaving their half-eaten meals on their plates. It's literally pandemonium in here.

Brian recovers enough of his senses to back out of the restaurant. His face is ashen and his pulse flutters at his throat like a tiny siren. As soon as he hits the exit, he pushes a twenty at the valet, grabs his car keys, and speeds off, his tires screeching.

If this is the way it's going, in a month's time, he will be so screwed.

He drives around for a while, not taking in where he is, and with his appetite completely gone. After a while, he pulls up at the side of a road. His hands are trembling so badly that he can hardly feel them on the wheel. His mind is an endless churn - of flotsam, of dregs from the past, of vignettes from his uncertain future.

Oh God, I'm going to prison.

The reality - a reality he has shelved in the backburner of his brain because it was too painful to think about - slams into him like a screaming train. All this - the vista of gaily decorated stores and people thronging the sidewalks, going about their mostly unriveting lives - is about to be taken away from him. Only a few months ago, he was at the pinnacle of his life. He had a stellar career, a family who cared for him (of sorts), and more women who were willing to throw themselves in his bed that he could count.

The fall is a long, long way down, and the pavement looks extremely painful.

Still shaking, he picks up his cellphone and dials a preprogrammed number. If he scrolls down his dialing list, he knows that it would be recorded that he had dialed this number several times, but never had the courage to see the call through. He had rung off several times when the voice on the other end said 'Hello?'

It's something he thought he would never be doing. Someone he thought he would never have to see again ... after so many years.

This time, he lets it ring.

The line connects.

"Hello?" the voice on the other end says. "Dr. Robertson's office."

Brian's voice comes out strangled. "H-hello? I'd like to make an appointment with Dr. Robertson, please. It's urgent. I don't think I'm in very good shape right now. Tell him it's Brian Morton." Pause. "Yes, he knows who I am."

5

The movie was so-so, despite Emma Stone's best efforts to save it. Sam had not heard about the incident at the chophouse, so she assumes all is well with Delilah.

As this is their first outing together, Sam is on her friendliest behavior - the one she usually puts on when she wants to impress a new client. She's treading water very carefully. Too friendly, and you'd spook Delilah - the former Adele Jankovic. Too standoffish, and you run the risk of never having her see you again.

It's almost like a first date, the way she's going about it.

After the movie, they decide to go to an all-night diner for milkshakes. Only they are not really having milkshakes. Sam is on a diet. She has to watch her weight because she now runs a gym, and it wouldn't do for a gym owner to resemble something out of a Pillsbury carton.

Delilah is ... well, slim.

Sam tries to maintain the semblance of being relaxed, though inside - her pulse is going tappity-tap, tappity-tap, as it does every time she isn't sure she's going to land a client's account. Or in this case, it's only the rest of Brian's life.

Yeah, try not to let the pressure leak through your smiling teeth.

"So, Samantha, what do you do?" Delilah says.

It's a casual question. A get-to-know-you question, but to Sam, it feels like an opening salvo being torpedoed right into her chest.

"I'm an accounts exec at Sapphire." Well, she used to be, before she was so unceremoniously retrenched. "What do you do?"

Funny she should notice it now, but Delilah's facial skin is as tight as a drum. Definitely surgery.

"I work for Frontier. It's a new company specializing in pharmaceuticals."

Yes, I know, Sam thinks.

"Pharmaceuticals? You mean like aspirin and stuff?"

"No, we're lot more advanced than that." For a moment, Delilah seems almost eager, and then she reins herself back in. "Well, we do cardiovascular and diabetic drugs and there are some therapies we are trying out for Parkinson's."

"That's so cool." Sam is being truthful. "So, do you live alone or do you have a boyfriend?"

Yup, she's definitely aiming for casual.

"I have no boyfriend," Delilah says lightly. "Broke up with the last one three years ago, and haven't been with anyone since."

"No kidding. Someone who looks like you?" Delilah really does look great, even if a bit artificial. But what isn't artificial anymore? Even artificial flowers look greater than real ones ... sometimes. "Sorry, I don't mean to sound like I'm trying to flatter you, but you really do. I mean it."

Even she can hear the sincerity in her voice.

Delilah leans forward. "I don't really like men all that much."

"Really?" Sam frowns. "You mean you're a lesbian?"

She's aware that she too may be giving off lesbianic vibes, the way she's laying it thick about Delilah's looks.

Delilah snorts. "No, I'm not a lesbian, even though I've experimented. Who hasn't, right? After all, you never can tell which side of the fence you fall onto ... or maybe even both." Her eyes flash a wicked gleam that makes Sam a tad uncomfortable. "I just mean I'm through with men. Their lying, empty promises. I've been hurt too many times to let them make the cuts on my wrist anymore."

That is an odd thing to say, Sam thinks.

She says carefully, "Did anyone ... hurt you ... enough for that to happen?"

Delilah arrests her gaze for a long time, before murmuring, "Once, maybe, a long time ago ... but not anymore. Nowadays, if anyone tries to hurt me, I just get even. What is it Ivana Trump once said? 'Don't get even, get everything'. Yeah, I can subscribe to that."

She laughs softly.

A mild shudder worms down Sam's spine. She suppresses it.

"What about you?" Delilah says. "Any boyfriend?"

Her eyes are attentive upon Sam's face, as if she's watching every twitch, every tic. Heat climbs up Sam's collar.

"No," she replies truthfully. "I used to have one, but we broke up."

"Cheating? Lying?"

Incompatibility.

To force the camaraderie of shared ground, Sam says, "Yeah, something like that."

Delilah smiles, as if she knows more than what Sam is letting on.

She declares, "The only good thing about men is the sex."

"Hear, hear," Sam says, laughing.

They raise their ice lemon teas and clink glasses. Sam feels her tensed muscles relaxing. They make more small talk about movies and theatre and stuff they generally like. Then Sam carefully makes the move to apartments.

"Where do you live?" she asks, even though she knows full well where Delilah lives.

Delilah smiles mysteriously. "In a secret bat cave with my butler and handsome blond sidekick. Why do you want to know?"

Sam is taken aback. But she recovers quickly. "Just making talk. I just bought a new apartment myself." She gives the address, hoping Delilah would not think anything of it.

Of course, if Delilah were to tail her with a private investigator, just as she had done, it would be easy to note that Brian Morton - the very object of Delilah's accusation - spends the night there every now and again. But Sam doesn't think Delilah would tail her. She's not the object of suspicion. Yet.

Or maybe I'm getting paranoid.

Come on, Sammie. You've got to be strong for Brian.

They continue to talk into the night. Sam tries to steer the topic of conversation back to boyfriends. She's pu**yfooting around, dipping her toe into dangerous waters. One false move, and she'd be outed.

Sam says, "I had a boyfriend once ... a long time ago ... who was a real jerk. Even when he was dating me, he was seeing other girls behind my back. At first I thought it was just one girl, but then it turned out to be a whole cheerleading squad of them. He was the college whore, but I refused to see it, you know, because I was just so thrilled he was dating me."

She watches Delilah's face surreptitiously when she says this.

After a while, Delilah nods. "I knew of someone like that once."

"Did you date him?"

Delilah ponders this for a while, and then she nods. "He was an amazing lover. Handsome like the devil himself." Her eyes wear a faraway look. "He made me feel ... like ... he really cared about me."

Sam's gut does an about turn. She can feel the undercurrents gathering, together with a sinister undertow that threatens to drag at her kicking feet. She has no idea if Delilah is talking about Brian, but she has to press on.

"What happened?"

"He had this way of capturing your eyes when he was making love to you. Like you were the only one for him, even when he wasn't saying the words."

Sam thinks of Brian's melting brown eyes. She has felt that way many times.

"And the things he did to your body," Delilah goes on, that misty look even more evident, "I have never come so much with a man before, you know? Never had and never will."

Sam says tentatively, "Was it just all sex?"

She knows she wonders about that with Brian when it comes to herself. The fact he stuck around with her. Is it all just sex? Or something more? Even now, when he's monogamous with her, she finds herself wondering. Brian would never come right out and say stuff. It is all a guess with him. Will he? Won't he? Does he?

Christ.

Delilah's expression changes, and suddenly, Sam experiences a pang for what the other woman must have gone through. She herself is the recipient of such a maddening and yet enthralling relationship. She knows well the heartaches and agonies and sublime happiness and rollercoaster emotions that go with it.

"No," Delilah declares. "It wasn't just all sex. There was always more."

The impression of more. Sam understands this well.

"When did you have this relationship? College?"

Delilah nods.

That figures. Brian might not remember someone he slept with in college, especially if it had been a brief encounter. And especially if Delilah no longer looks like what she once did. Then again, Delilah might not have been talking about Brian. But somehow, Sam senses that she is, and her intuition about these things is usually spot on.

"Then it was over ... before college ended?"

Delilah affirms it. Knowing Brian, Sam thinks it could have been over in a week. Two weeks, tops. He had a way of making you feel as though there was something more - some unresolved issues - even though he had no intention of doing so. Brian affected people in conscious and subconscious ways. When he was with you, your world spun dizzily on its axis. When he dumped you ... or when he told you that you never had a thing in the first place ... it's hell on earth.

You became besotted with him. Convinced yourself you had more with him that you ever did, because he was a trophy in himself - remarkably handsome, rich, sophisticated, charming, everything you ever wanted in a butterfly sort of man ... a man you just couldn't pin down, but knew that if you could, he would be yours forever because such men gave their hearts but only once. And when he did, it would be forever.

Except for the fact you didn't have his heart and you never will.

But it doesn't stop you from wishing. And hoping. And trying. And giving more and more of yourself to him, until you were almost doing anything to keep him. And willing with all the passion in the world that it would happen.

Sam finds herself trembling slightly. She hides her hands beneath the table to prevent Delilah from noticing them. She knows how Delilah feels now. Can even empathize with her.

But knowing is one thing. There's that little thing about what Delilah decided to do about it.

Delilah gets up. There's an abrupt shift in her mood now. Just moments ago, she has been pensive and almost reachable. Now she sort of closes up on herself - a clam that is teasing you with some new insight, and then snaps the lid of its shell before you can catch a glimpse.

"I have to go to the restroom. You want to join me?"

Still shaken, Sam manages a smile. "If I did, the waitress might think we were both trying to squiggle ourselves out of paying."

"She may be right." Delilah indicates her large tote bag. "Just watch out for it, will you?"

She heads in the direction of the restroom.

Two weeks from now, Sam would be looking back at this moment and wondering if it all had been too easy. Too suspiciously f**king easy.

Because she came here tonight armed with several plans. She hadn't been sure Plan A - getting Delilah to invite her back to her apartment off the bat - would work. In fact, she was ninety-nine percent sure she wouldn't get a peek in this early. And the clock was ticking on the trial deadline.

As soon as Delilah is safely out of sight, Sam delves into Plan B. Which is the precursor to Plan C, which she hopes she might not ever have to use.

She grabs Delilah's bag and rifles in it. She finds what she's looking for almost immediately - a two-piece set of apartment keys.

Her hands feeling rubbery with what she's about to do, she quickly takes out a piece of wax from her own purse. One she had purchased for just this purpose. She sinks in both of Delilah's keys into the wax, making a lasting impression. Then she returns both the keys and the wax into their rightful compartments and arranges the bag as it was.

Her heart gallops races within her chest.

6

"Just five recruitments? Five recruitments all day?" Sam is dismayed. With all the shit going on in Brian's life, she really doesn't need for this to happen.

Jolie, the receptionist, winces apologetically. "I'm sorry. It's the new Fitness Worx recruitment drive. They are huge, and they have plenty of advertising muscle. They were doing a blitzkrieg everywhere for ten blocks. They knew we were opening today, and they didn't want us to get off the ground."

Sam swivels around to stare at the balloons, all prettied up in an arc around the double entrance doors. The ribbons, the streamers, the buffet spread. She had thrown a party and no one had come. The trainers stand around, feeling ill at ease. Only a solitary woman is inside the gym at the treadmill. She had been someone who was recruited much earlier, before they opened their doors.

Cassie comes up to her and squeezes her hand. "Oh Sam. It'll get better. These things take time. Word gets out slowly nowadays, you know. If it's any help, I've asked everyone in the office to come over within the next couple of weeks to join."

"Thanks, Cassie." Sam's heart sinks. They were so much in the red. Correction: Brian was so much in the red, and she can't afford to let this happen to him - to bring him down with her probably pointless dream.

Who was she kidding? Did she really think she could take on Fitness Worx, the big guys? They must be laughing at her - rolling on the floor with her pathetic attempts to lure new gym users.

"Where's Brian?" Cassie says tartly.

"Out."

Brian had wanted to stay away from the crowds because he was afraid his presence would be a deterrent. He had been especially quiet when he came in early this morning. He had kissed her absently on the cheek, and then told her that he would be staying away all day.

"You don't have to," she told him. "You're making too big a deal out of it. No one's going to recognize you."

Stare at him maybe, because he is so striking to look at. But not put two and two together and figure out where they had seen him before. But he was adamant that he would not be her ruination.

"Oh really? Getting his dick sucked?" Cassie can be so crude sometimes.

Sam doesn't want to tell her that Brian has been monogamous for some time now. There's no point. Cassie is determined to hate on him anyway. Caleb is supportive, even though Brian is not here. He is talking to Thor, and the two men would occasionally dart their glances over to her, as though they are speaking about her.

Thor gives her a slow smile. Before she had met Brian, Sam would have blushed at this. She's flattered if Thor thinks she's attractive, but she has Brian now and there's too much at stake for both of them.

Her gaze keeps being riveted to the door. So this is what it means to have your own business. So much of it depends on customer traffic. She can keep her eyes glued to the door all she wants to, but all the hoping in the world won't make customers appear if they are determined to stay away.

7

Outside, Brian rests in his parked car. He's watching the gym, observing how few people are going in. He has just come from spying on Fitness Worx, which is having a real bonanza day.

He had overheard a customer in Fitness Worx saying, "There's a new gym down the block called 'Shape' or something."

"Oh, them?" one of the trainers said. "They're nothing but wannabe upstarts. They don't have as much equipment as we do, and what they have is woefully lacking. The owners are inexperienced and know nothing about running gyms. That's why you should sign up with us. We have twenty branches all over the state, and we're giving a discount today. I predict that 'Shape' gym will be closed down before the month is up."

Brian bridled at this, but did not say anything as he pretended to leaf through some brochures.

And now, the wheels in his head are churning furiously.

He may know nothing about running gyms, but he sure as hell knows his way around advertising. The only thing is he's going to need some money.

Lots of it.

He grips the steering wheel of the Ferrari. Where the hell is he going to find the extra injection of cash? Especially now that he's going for therapy again?

The diamond earrings he had bought for Sam lies snugly in its little velvet box, invading his thoughts. She doesn't know about them, and he had been hoping to spring that surprise on her for her birthday.

*

Dr. Robertson sits across the desk from him. Brian has never felt comfortable on a couch, and he'd rather just stare at the renowned psychiatrist from across a desk, as though they are having a business discussion.

"How do you feel today, Brian?"

"Like a freight truck ran into me."

"You were really shattered yesterday."

"Yesterday, it was an eighteen-wheeler." Brian pulls in a deep breath. "Seriously, I'm better now. Yesterday was ... embarrassing. It won't happen again."

"Why do you find it embarrassing?" Dr. Robertson is older than Brian remembered him, with silver hair at his wings, but his blue eyes are every bit as hawk-like and piercing as Brian recalled. But he has always felt at ease with the man. He doesn't confuse you with a lot of psychobabble, and he's honest to the bone. Brian appreciates brutal honesty.

He says, "Because I haven't had a panic attack since I had my wisdom teeth pulled out."

"Past tense. Doesn't mean you can't have one now."

"And here I was, thinking I was a well-adjusted human being."

"You are a well-adjusted human being. I've been following your case, Brian. Anyone who has been through what you have for the past few months has every chance of cracking under the strain."

"I'm not cracking. Mirrors crack. Badly maintained pavements crack."

"Spare the wisecracks, Brian."

"Jesus, I'm not cracking, all right?" Brian gets up, runs a hand through his hair, and paces around the office.

Dr. Robertson observes him. "You don't have to feel that you have to be in charge all the time. It has been the only way you could cope when you were a teenager, but the circumstances are different now."

Brian swings round suddenly. "Tell me, doc, is it hereditary?"

"What?"

"Violence. Is it hereditary?"

Dr. Robertson sighs. "There is a strong association. The son of a drug- or alcohol-abusing father has around four to seven times greater than average of having the same problems. There are more than a hundred studies to show a genetic basis for abusive personalities. But you don't have an abusive personality."

"How would you know? You haven't seen me as a patient since college."

"No, but your mother still comes to me as a friend and she talks about you all the time. From all accounts, you're as gentle as a lamb."

Brian smirks. "She's not the one whose neck is in a noose."

"You don't know that."

"It's a hanging jury."

Dr. Robertson's silence indicates that he thinks there's a chance of it too.

He finally says, "The only thing you can do is tell them the truth. That's all you can realistically do."

"I know."

A pause.

"You still see your father?"

"I try not to."

"You've forgiven him for what he did to you?"

"You can't forgive such a thing easily, doc. You certainly can't forget it."

"Try to keep yourself busy until the court case. Are you depressed?"

"No," Brian lies.

"If you are," Dr. Robertson says knowingly, "I can prescribe you some antidepressants."

"I don't want to take those. They screw up my mood."

"Which is precisely the point of antidepressants. Tell me about this friend you mentioned briefly in our last session together." Dr. Robertson glances at his case notes. "Samantha."

At the mention of Sam's name, Brian smiles a little.

"Sammie," he drawls, using Cassie's nickname for her. "She's a real kicker."

"You sleeping together?"

"Do crabs live in oceans?"

"I take that as a yes. And you haven't been with anyone else?"

"No. But that's because I'm afraid ... of what might happen."

"And yet you're not afraid around Samantha?"

Brian shakes his head. "Sam's different. She knows me in and out. I'll never harm a hair on her head."

"What makes you think you'll harm a hair on anyone else's head? You drinking?"

"Not anymore. I'm not doing drugs either."

"Good. Keep it that way. Throw yourself into your work, Brian. And keep hanging around this Samantha." Dr. Robertson's eyes twinkle. "She's good for you. You should see the look on your face when I mentioned her."

"Huh?" Brian is immediately wary.

"You just lighted up like Christmas came early. If I didn't know you better ... and maybe I don't, not yet anyway ... I'd think you were in love." Dr. Robertson leans back in his executive chair and folds his hands, smiling.

"Me? In love?" Brian tosses off a nervous laugh. "I don't believe in love, I believe in - "

"Fucking. Yes, I know. But there's always a first for everything." He holds up a hand before Brian can protest. "You don't have to admit it to yourself right away, but just know that it may be your lifesaver."

"I don't do love." Brian pauses, and then goes on, "Loving someone sets you up to be hurt. And I can't afford 'hurt'. Not anymore."

"You weren't in the gym business before either, but now you are. I can't promise you that you won't be hurt, Brian. Life doesn't quite work out that way. But you don't skip out on taking an airplane just because you're afraid it might crash. So if you don't open yourself to the possibility of love ... or of being loved, for the matter ... then you'll never experience life's greatest moments."

"I don't believe I'm actually paying you for this shit," Brian says.

Dr. Robertson just sits back and smiles.

8

It has been a week of trickling customer sign-ups. Sam almost has to drag her feet in to work - so distraught is she at the prospect of another day with hardly anyone at the gym. But when she pulls into the car park of 'Shape', she's amazed to find it full of cars. People are bustling everywhere and crowding the entrance.

What's happening?

Her first thought is that of a disaster of the greatest magnitude. But no smoke is billowing from the roof. The building has not collapsed in any significant earthquake, not that this is an earthquake zone. There's no ambulance wailing outside.

Sam has a reserved spot. She parks her car there, her mind spinning with the sudden upheaval.

What the hell is going on?

To her surprise, there's a queue at the reception desk that stretches all the way out. Jolie is up to her ears with recruitment papers. The trainers are all engaged with one customer or another. When Sam peeks into the gym, she's shocked to find every single piece of equipment being used by attractive, athletic individuals.

Brian himself is attached to a pillar, watching the proceedings with interest.

Sam sidles up to him and hisses, "What's going on?"

He just grins. "You'll see."

"We having a free for all or something you didn't tell me about?"

"No. In fact, we're not having any discounts on recruitment fees at all. Why follow a tired path paved by aging chain gyms?"

"You did something," Sam accuses.

Brian's smile just widens.

Sam busies herself for the rest of the morning with paperwork. And then she sees one of the new clients - who has just finished on the treadmill and is now toweling himself dry - pull Brian into the office beside hers. There's an exchange of some sort and Brian pulls out a hundred dollars from his pocket and gives it to him.

After the young man leaves, Sam barges in.

"You're paying him to come here?"

"He's not my hustler type. I prefer them with tits."

"But that's beside the point! I thought we were supposed to earn money, not give it away."

"Sometimes, you have to give away money in order to earn it." Brian indicates the queue through the door. "When there's a crowd at any new establishment, people want to see what the f**k is going on with the blue light special."

An attractive blonde knocks at the open door. "My two hours are up, Brian," she says suggestively.

Brian flashes her his most charming smile and hands her a hundred dollar note.

"You know," the blonde says, coming closer to finger his chest, "I would have done it for free if we could hook up again. Preferably in the showers."

She ignores Sam's glare.

"Sorry, Agatha, I don't do encores."

Agatha grimaces. "I'll bet you encore her all night." She stabs a vicious glance at Sam.

As she leaves, Sam hisses to Brian, "Is there anyone out there you haven't slept with?"

"Anything with testicles, if you get my drift."

"Brian, this is wrong!"

"So is pissing away business." He holds up a sheet. "Ninety-eight real recruitments today, and it's not even twelve. Say, you wanna do brunch?"

*

Brian and Sam walk out into the parking lot. Sam notes that the lines have grown even longer, if possible.

"It's like a 'Star Trek' convention," she confesses to Brian. And stops short when she sees what is parked in his reserved lot. "Where's the Ferrari?"

Brian unlocks the new Jeep he has parked there. "Traded it in."

"But why? You love that car?" It's the one I first met you in, she doesn't want to say.

"It was old, past its prime."

Bullshit, Sam thinks. "You needed the money for this campaign we're running. Gawd, Brian, you can't keep doing this! Are you OK, I mean, financially? You need money for the lawyers!"

"Fuck the lawyers. And I told you - it was heading for automobile menopause. Someone offered me a good price for it and I took it. Geez, don't nag me when I'm hypoglycemic. I only had a bagel for breakfast."

Sam doesn't say anymore on the matter. She hates nags herself. Reminds her too much of her own mother, when the latter isn't flouncing off on some rich gentleman's arm, of course. But her suspicions are piqued. She still can't get over the fact that Brian has been so downgraded that he had to give up his penthouse, no matter what he says on the contrary about that place being haunted with the ghosts of what happened. And now his car.

There must be something she can do.

There is.

On course to a deli they both enjoy, Sam notices a few people strolling around the broad sidewalks. They have large billboards hung around their bodies. All of them are young, fit and attractive. One blond man - a college student by the looks of him - wears a metal hat with two horns sticking out of its sides. He was obviously meant to be Thor, the god of thunder. He hands out leaflets to the passing pedestrians.

Sam does a double take when she sees what's inscribed on the billboard he is wearing. It's an extremely flattering photograph of the semi-nude, muscled Thor. Not the god himself. Not even Chris Hemsworth, but Thor from the gym.

The lettering below reads: "You want to build that six-pack before you drink it."

The other human billboards are all similarly decorated. Sam even spies one of Lydia, resembling Wonder Woman.

Gawd!

Sam has to admit Brian's tactics are vivid.

Her cellphone buzzes. She reads the text message on it.

"Who is it?" Brian says.

"An old friend."

He glances over at her and grins. "Aren't you lucky you're not a lawyer?"

"Huh?"

"Maybe I should rephrase that to 'aren't you lucky your pants ... or maybe your leotards aren't on fire'?"

Sam has to grace to blush. "Look, I don't have to share every aspect of my life with you."

"Particularly when it involves a six-pack." Brian's tone is mild.

Huh? OK, this time she doesn't get the reference at all. Maybe she's slow, but it's been one of those days. Besides, she has to text back to the sender.

'OK. LET'S MEET AT SIX.'

*

Sam peruses the schedule her private investigator gives her.

He says, "She's regular. Every Wednesday and Friday nights, she leaves for Hatha Yoga classes at nine. She comes back only at eleven."

"Great."

He eyes her shrewdly. "I draw the line at breaking and entering."

"Did I ask you to break and enter her apartment?" Sam says innocently.

"Don't do anything foolish."

"Who's doing anything foolish?" Even as she says it, Sam's blood begins to churn in her ears in that sssssh-sssssh sound that clouds her hearing and agitates her brain. Brian is right. She just can't lie.

9

It is two weeks before the trial. Brian has been to see his lawyer every day, preparing for the case. Preparing for the cross-examination by the prosecutor, who happens to be a hard-nosed divorcee who specializes in grinding men to dust.

"Assistant DA Norma Hennessey is a tough bitch," Karen Sandler, his attorney, warns him. "She has been a rape victim herself, and she hates all men."

"Yippee for me," Brian says.

"I'm going to bring up your f**k defense."

Brian rolls his eyes. "At least it's coming in handy."

"How many women have you slept with?" Karen favors him with a glare. It may be personal, Brian thinks.

He sighs. "I don't know. Ballpark figure? Over a thousand."

Karen chortles. "Geez, you a prostitute or something?"

"I don't remember collecting from you. If I recall, I was the one who bought you a drink before I found out you were a ball-busting lawyer."

Karen gives him a strange look that is part reminiscence and part fondness.

"Level with me," Brian says, "what are my chances?"

She shakes her head. "As your lawyer ... not good. All the evidence seems to point to some sort of struggle, and definitely intercourse ... with your sperm inside her. It's her word against yours. There is, of course, the possibility of her staging the whole thing - "

She pauses.

Brian finishes for her, "And there also isn't."

The silence between them is a balloon void.

Karen finally punctures it. "You seeing that shrink?"

"Yeah."

"And he thinks you're non-violent?"

"Yes."

"Good. I've asked him for a deposition. He's coming in into testify on your behalf."

Brian's face softens. "He's all right."

"Unfortunately, the prosecution also dug up your old hospital records. The ones that suggest a childhood history of abuse."

Brian's stomach tightens. "The abuse was done to me."

"Yes. And they are going to bring up the correlation between childhood and adolescent abuse to violence in later life. They are doing all this not to make the jury sympathize with you ... although they will ... but to paint you as a possible ra**st, especially since you don't have a track record of misdemeanors."

Karen is right. The situation for him is glum. He won't be able to prove that he didn't do it. Especially with that hanging A.D.A., who is said to put a pox on all men for what one of them did to her.

"If they decide to convict you," Karen says gently, "let's hope the judge will be lenient. It's only your first offence, and it may have been substance-related. With good behavior, you can get out in five years."

Five years! That's five years too plenty, Brian thinks. His spirits sink to the bottom of his Gucci loafers, which he may not be wearing in a while longer.

"Hey." Karen's hand snakes across the table and clasps his. "You take care of yourself, you hear?"

She doesn't say it, but he knows what she means. In prison - with his looks and unsolicited fame, and especially because he will be a convicted ra**st - he'd be a target for the hardcores. And whatever they do to him will be far worse than what his father had drunkenly visited upon him that night so long ago.

In five years, there's no way you won't be scarred from that.

*

Brian feels particularly vulnerable when he comes home to Sam that night. She greets him at her apartment - the one he has helped allow her to keep - with a kiss and a hug.

"You look awful," she says.

"Thanks."

She gently strokes the skin of his face. "You're getting worry creases. At your age."

"Thanks again. Remind me to always come to you whenever I need a motivational pep talk."

She laughs. "Come and have some dinner. You'll feel better."

She has arranged the table artfully with two placemats and a bowl of roses. Two candles flicker on their stands. He immediately feels at ease as he shrugs off his jacket and lays it on the back of her couch. He didn't even berate her for the obvious romance of the tableau. She doesn't mean it to be romance - she respects his ideals too much for that. But the fact she would go through all this effort for him is nothing short of remarkable.

Sam serves them both pot roast and black bread - real comfort food. Brian begins to relax as all the tension of today leaves his body. He wonders when he has come to think of Sam's apartment as 'home'. Then again, he's equally at home in his own new apartment. When she's around.

A fleeting pang in his chest makes him wince. He puts down his fork.

"What's the matter?" She observes him. "Pot roast giving you gas?"

He masks it by smiling up at her. "Nah, Fitness Worx is giving me gas."

As is the beauteous Thor, who has become the most sought-after trainer in 'Shape' for obvious reasons.

He continues, "Shape's rolled in a hefty revenue this fortnight. If we keep doing the way we're doing, we'll be in the black before the year is up. But we can't rest on our laurels. Fitness Worx is mounting a defense campaign even as we speak."

She pours them both some red wine and raises him a toast. "To 'Shape'."

"To 'Shape'," he repeats. "May all the six-packs be flattened and steam-ironed into eights."

They both take a sip.

"To our partnership," she adds, flushing slightly.

"Amen." He finds himself thinking that unbidden thought - that they are partners in more ways than one.

And all this might go away in another fortnight or so.

His heart heavy, he reaches for the little box inside his jeans pocket. In the candlelight, the box is rich purple velvet, simultaneously absorbing and gleaming in the light. A frog comes to his throat, and he makes an attempt to clear it. But his voice still comes out funny. A strangled kind of funny.

"I wanted you to have this." Oh God, was that a squeak? Brian Morton squeaking. That has got to be a first without his balls being squeezed.

He shoves it at her before he can make a further embarrassment of himself.

"Oh, Brian," she exclaims, taking it. "What is this?"

"A little present I've been saving up for an occasion. Like your birthday. But I figured now is a good time to give it as any." He bites back from saying 'Before I get carted off to prison'. It sounds too melodramatic, and he's not into sweeping melodrama.

She opens the little velvet box. The pair of diamond earrings sparkles up at her.

"Oh my God, these are ... these are ... "

"The ones I got you for the opera." The night of his undoing. "You liked them so much that I ... thought you might like to keep them ... permanently."

Besides, he'd best get them out of his sight before he'd be tempted to pawn them for cash. The good thing is that 'Shape' is starting to turn around, so Sam won't be in want for money.

It is weird how he has started to think about someone else other than himself. If he has to go to prison, he needs to make sure Sam will be taken care of. His partner. He smiles inwardly. Funny how he manages to see her as a partner in all ways. They are not even married and he's already making provisions for her, for Chrissake.

Maybe Dr. Robertson was right. In his old age, he's beginning to turn into a big softie. He's so downright maudlin right now he should be committed.

Sam glances at him, her eyes shining. "Brian, I can't accept this. You can't afford it right now."

"Of course I can. Take it." He holds up his palms in refusal when she tries to give him back the box. "Didn't your mother teach you manners? It's rude not to accept a gift from the condemned."

"You're not condemned."

"I will be soon. Fuck it, Sam, just let me do this for you, OK? Don't nag."

"I'm not nagging, and you're not condemned." Determination makes her thrust her chin out.

"Well, you've got more faith in the jury than my lawyer does." Hell, and Karen has more faith in the system to treat him leniently than he does himself.

She comes over to him and strokes his rich chestnut hair. "Hey, it ain't over till the fat lady sings."

She leans over to settle her lips softly upon his. It's a butterfly kiss - so light and gentle that it takes his breath away. He feels his groin tightening.

He murmurs against her softly breathing mouth, "In my case, it's till the ball-crushing Assistant DA sings."

"Have faith."

"Trying to."

They are lost in another kiss. He kisses her with feeling, with emotion. The monstrous rush of abandon fills him, and suddenly, his guts are swimming above his throat, and he has to keep himself from being choked by the overwhelming enormity of it all.

Sam, Sam, Sam ... I will miss you so much. You have no idea. You have no f**king clue how much I will miss you.

"Then tell her," the voice of Dr. Robertson echoes across the divide of the last session they had.

I can't. It wouldn't be fair. I can't keep her waiting for me - a man with a future as bleak as a dystopian tundra. She deserves to find someone else when I'm away. Someone like Thor, god of thunder forbid. Or maybe Caleb.

For answer, he seizes her face and kisses her again, this time more passionately. He slips his tongue into her mouth, tasting the sweet, gravy-scented texture of her. The wonderful, wet and endlessly roaming map of her mouth, her tongue, her teeth, her palate. He can drink her in forever like a drowning man.

He feels her hands clasp his shoulders, and then slide down his pecs ... and down, down to his jeans' zipper. He hears the soft k-r-a-a-a-c-k of the zip being pulled down. His rod is already hard and pulsing. He does not wear underwear, and she curls her knuckles in the tangle of his pubic bush. She tugs at his nether hair gently as he locks mouths with hers, merging their essences together.

Her hand wraps around his turgid shaft - so stiff that he doesn't think he can get up. She moves her hand back and forth slowly. Her lips press against his chin, his jawline, as she escalates the intensity of her strokes. His breathing has grown harsher.

"Sammie," he moans against her cheek.

I'm going to miss this. I'm going to miss us being together. You have no idea how wild you drive me. And it isn't just sex. It's the togetherness. The 'us'.

But he doesn't say a word. He used not to believe in an 'us', and now that someone has shown him how wonderful 'partnership' can be, he's about to have it whisked away from him. So there's no f**king point.

Slowly, she kneels before him. He is still seated in the dining chair and his thighs are wide apart. With her gaze burning into his, she takes his painfully erect c**k into her gorgeous mouth. She doesn't wear lipstick because she doesn't like to smear him with it. Considerate, as always. And she has such an incredibly talented mouth.

His loins shudder as she licks his crown. She tongues him and tongues him until he's writhing in his seat. His bu**ocks clench as he tries to stave off his orgasm, which is cresting in little white-tipped waves. His mind is turning delirious.

"God, you're so good," he murmurs, sinking his fingers into her curly hair.

She circles her tongue around his shaft, darting back to lick his head. Up and down his pillar of flesh again, as if she's determined to slather every part of his flesh with ripe wetness. Then back to his sensitive head, which is already throbbing with the pressure of his impending release. And when she presses the tip of her tongue into his ultra-sensitive slit, he explodes. He can't help himself.

He cries out a warning to her as he gushes his copious sap into her willing mouth. On and on it streams, a never-ending tidal wave of life-giving cum. She closes her eyes and laps every bit of it that she can muster, but his penis still jerks unstoppably, and the thick, frothy cream continues.

Finally, he pulls out his still dripping c**k from her mouth. He is panting. He strokes her damp forehead as the cum drips down her chin and spatters his clothed thighs and the seat of the chair. A few drops of it fall onto the new carpet.

He can't help laughing. Wiping her mouth, she joins him in laughter, until he pulls her up and kisses her creamy mouth deeply, tasting his se**n on her.

"Brian," she whispers against his lips, "I ... I ... "

She seems to hesitate, unable to say the words.

"You'll miss me," he finishes for her before they can both embarrass themselves.

He thinks he hears her say, "Not if I can help it", but he can't be sure.

They both cling to each other in a helpless embrace, aware of their own private, unspoken thoughts as the still thundering blood surges within their veins.

10

There seems to be no recourse for her but to take this step. The awaited invitation from Adele Jankovic/Delilah Faulkner to her apartment does not materialize, nor does Sam expect it to - if Delilah truly has something to hide.

So she has to take matters in her own hands. She knew it would come to this. She knew it the day she made the key impression in wax.

Now armed with a perfect set of newly cut keys, she stands before the door of Delilah Faulkner's apartment. It's ten o' clock. Someone in the building ordered pizza delivery, and she slipped in through the main door as the delivery boy was buzzed in.

Her heart is beating in her throat, and she tries to swallow it. Her palms are sweaty in their gloves.

No one is around on the corridor. There are about five apartments on the floor, and no sounds are to be heard - no yelling, no shouting, not even the low hum of an activated TV. Steeling herself (you can do this, it's for Brian), Sam inserts a key in the door lock of Apartment 501. It doesn't fit. Damn it, you didn't get it cut right. Her hand trembling badly, she tries another. It slides in - a perfect fit.

Shit. Now she really has to go through with it.

She twists the knob gently. The door opens without a sound. Her heart is hammering so hard against her ribs that she is sure the entire apartment block would wake up from whatever they are (soundlessly) doing and come out from their abodes to check.

Of course you have to do it yourself. Mr. Hot Shot PI is not going to get his hands dirty. You can hire someone, but you daren't take the risk in case he doesn't know what he's looking for. Brian has too much at stake.

Well, Brian doesn't know about this and she isn't sure that she will find ... well, something. Anything to suggest that Brian had been set up. Anything at all.

What's more, she doesn't have much time. Delilah will be back from her yoga class by eleven.

Shit.

Sam closes the door behind her. A lighted lamp on a stand is the only light-giving source in the apartment. She reaches for the switches, and floods with the apartment with incandescent light.

Shit. The windows are open. She's such an amateur. Anyway, there are no apartment blocks facing this unit, so with any luck, no one would report the lights of Apartment 501 being on. Besides, Sam isn't planning to steal anything. She's merely having a look around. The camera strap cuts into the back of her neck.

A soft whirring sound arrests her. She looks up in suspicion. Is it her imagination? There's nothing mounted on the ceiling. No surveillance cameras.

Gawd, how is she going to do this if she's so easily spooked?

She begins a search before she can lose her bladder control. She hopes she's not going to have to need to use the toilet.

There's nothing in the simple living room. She rifles through some drawers, but there are only magazines and books stacked inside. The whole apartment is as neat as a neat freak's paradise. Sam sees a laptop bag - probably one Delilah has brought back from her office - and unzips it.

A Dell computer nests inside. Fat lot of good trying to hack into an office computer. There are several documents inside, but they are clinical trial protocols. Sam flips through them. Nothing about an experimental drug called CKZ2486. Unless, of course, it already has a name.

Doesn't matter. She photographs the front page abstracts with her mini-camera. The flash is jarring.

A soft clicking sound somewhere beyond the lounge makes her look up. She stands absolutely still, the blood turbulent in her ears. Is someone in here?

Leave now, Sam, leave! her instincts scream at her.

I can't. I have got to do this. It's now or never.

When the sound doesn't repeat itself, she disentangles her stiff limbs and makes her shoes walk ahead.

She explores the bedroom next. Delilah obviously lives alone. There are photos of herself everywhere. With two older people that Sam assumes are her parents. A younger woman who does not resemble Delilah in any way, but who is obviously quite close, as Delilah is snapped hugging her tightly. A sister maybe?

Sam dives into the bedside table drawers. In one of them, she finds a photo of a woman hugging the same presumed sister in exactly the same manner. Delilah before her surgery? The real Adele Jankovic? She's a brunette and fairly plain. Certainly not in the same league as Delilah. But not completely unattractive either. Just not the type guys usually go for.

Sam takes a photo of the photo.

She explores the apartment further. At the end of a passage is a room with a closed door. The hairs on her back prickling, Sam tries the knob, but it's locked.

Damn.

But wait a minute. She takes out the second key, the one she has tried earlier. This one fits into the knob. With trepidation, Sam turns it.

It hits her immediately like a punch to the stomach. A large corkboard fills the entire facade of one wall. It is pinned with dozens of photos of Brian. No. Not dozens. Hundreds, literally, in all shapes and sizes. And not only photos, but newspaper articles.

Write-ups on the rape case.

Sam is floored. Why would a rape victim have hundreds of Internet downloaded photographs of her ra**st?

Her gloved hands shaking, she starts to snap the montage from all angles, making sure she captures everything on her digital camera.

*

Back in her apartment, Sam prints out everything on her data card. The photos are sprawled across the expanse of her living room floor like a carpet of decorative art. Only it's Brian, Brian everywhere. Brian in a Gucci suit at a fundraiser, looking extremely dapper and handsome. Brian at a benefit. Brian at the Clio Awards.

And more sinister are the photos of Brian which are not downloaded from Google Images. Brian running in the park. Brian at the dry cleaners. Brian at a deli in a shot clearly taken from across the street. Brian at the supermarket.

Sam sits back on her haunches, the blood thundering in her veins.

God, she's got it all planned.

But is this evidence the proof the police need to drop the case?

Several sharp knocks come at her door, startling her. She freezes. Brian doesn't ever show up without calling first, and she hasn't ordered any food delivery. Who can it be? Delilah? How did she get in without buzzing first?

Same way you got into her apartment.

"Open up," says a stentorian male voice. "This is the police."

The police? But she didn't call them. Not yet.

The knocking comes again, loud and insistent. The neighbors are probably all roused by now. Oh, what a field day they will have with the rumors tomorrow.

Her mind in a whirlwind, Sam makes herself pad to the door and unlatch it. The sight of two officers in their black garb outside stops her in her tracks.

"Samantha Fox?" one of the officers says. "You are under arrest for breaking and entering."

As the rest of her Miranda rights are being read out to her, Sam's brain drowns in a litany of Oh my God, oh my God, she knew I was going there ... she set both of us up.

Both Brian and she are so screwed.

10

Brian receives the call at three a.m. It is one of the rare nights he is not with Sam. She had taken a rain check, citing dinner with a friend. He had wanted to spend as much time with her as possible before the inevitable - his incarceration. But he hadn't wanted to interrupt her routine either.

What was he to her after all? A business partner. A friend. OK, a friend with benefits, but it isn't as if they are engaged or anything.

Anyhow, it is better that she spends as much time with her other 'friends' as possible. Her life has to go on while he is in prison. Maybe she'll forget him and hook up with Thor.

God forbid.

When he hears her distraught voice on the other side, he immediately sits up in his bed.

"What?"

*

Brian hightails it to the police station as fast as his second hand Jeep would allow him. Yes, he has enough money to mount bail, but it's practically all he has left. Everything has been sunk into the gym and its creative advertising.

What is it about the two of them and police stations?

He barges in, only to be told that she is in an interrogation room with Officer Cutter. Yes, the black cop who questioned him.

Brian nervously posts bail, and then says, "Can I see her?"

The officer at the desk jerks his head back. "OK, I think they're about finished now."

"Why is he with her? Did he arrest her?"

"No. She asked for him, citing that it was urgent. She wanted to show him her photos. He came."

Oh yes, those photos. Brian had heard the gist of those photos over the phone. During the ride here, his mind had run over the different permutations those photos entail. He hasn't seen them, of course. Not yet. But what woman would have a whole corkboard of his photos unless she was obsessed with him?

Obsessed enough to want revenge.

But what had he done to her? Was she someone he had f**ked before, left high and dry, and forgotten? His thoughts tumbled over the various faces of the women he has been with, and to his dismay, he can't even remember most of them. He hadn't had any long-term relationships, that was for sure. No one he had made unrealistic promises to. No one he had sworn unending and undying devotion to. That wasn't his style.

But a clear realization beats like a pulse in the center of it all - a white beacon in the darkness.

I am not a ra**st!

I am not my father's son.

Does he dare hope?

His mind is still churning with the flotsam of his memories as he sits in the waiting hall - waiting for Sam to be released.

After a while, she comes out, disheveled and bleary-eyed. He stands up, his stomach churning painfully to see her like this. She falls into his open arms immediately. He buries his nose in her hair and inhales, feeling his heart swell with unaccustomed emotion.

"Oh Sam, Sam, Sam, what the hell did you do?" he murmurs.

Officer Cutter comes out. Brian lets go of Sam.

"Look," Brian says, "she didn't do anything wrong, OK? She did it for me. To try to save me."

"It's no use," Sam says dully.

Brian swings to her. "What do you mean?"

Officer Cutter clears his throat. "She's right. All those photos she has taken in an apartment that she broke into and entered - " he places an emphasis on the phrase " - merely prove that Ms. Faulkner may indeed have an interest in you, Mr. Morton."

"An unhealthy interest," Sam claims.

"But it still doesn't prove that you didn't rape her," Officer Cutter continues.

Brian is stunned.

Whaaat?

"I didn't rape her," he says with conviction. The whole thing stinks of a setup, not that he has time to mull over the new evidence. He repeats, more sure of himself now, "I didn't rape her."

"I would advise you to present everything you gathered to your lawyer," Officer Cutter says. "Be forewarned that this new evidence to cast suspicions on Ms. Faulkner's motives may not be viewed favorably by the court, as Ms. Fox obtained it unlawfully."

"But - " Brian begins.

"Ms. Fox has contravened Article 8 of the Human Rights Act, which establishes the right to respect an individual's private life, which includes her home and what she has on her walls."

"She was trying to find out the truth!"

"Which still doesn't prove anything." Officer Cutter eyes Brian with a cutting stare. "Your se**n was found in Ms. Faulkner's vagina, Mr. Morton, along with signs of trauma. Whatever her motives may be, those are hard facts. Unless you have harder facts obtained by lawful means, the fact remains that she still accuses you of raping her, and she has the medical evidence to prove it."

Sam grips his arm and squeezes it, and Brian lets the awful truth seep in. He's still as helpless as he was before to prevent this. And now, Sam's innocence is at stake too.

When Officer Cutter is out of earshot, Brian murmurs to Sam, "So how did the police find out about your little escapade?"

"I didn't take anything," Sam says.

"I know."

She looks down at her feet. "I suppose the ease of how I got into her apartment should have alerted me that it was a trap. I think I kind of knew it when I saw her photos of you. If she had tailed you all this time and taken those snapshots of you from a distance, she must know your comings and goings pretty well." She takes a deep breath and adds, "Of course, she must have seen you with me plenty of times."

Of course, Brian thinks, but doesn't say. Sammie, what the f**k were you thinking?

She was just trying to help you, you hopeless bastard.

Yeah, but what the f**k was she thinking of? Dressing up like a ninja in the middle of the night and committing a felony knowingly?

Sam goes on, "She had a hidden camera trained on the door at all times, recording visitors - legal or otherwise. I think she was expecting me, even though I left no trace that anyone had been there. At eleven thirty, when she came home and played the video feed, she called the police on me."

Brian's heart sinks as he hugs Sam again to his body. The whole thing was frighteningly and sickeningly premeditated.

11

In her apartment, Sam and Brian pore over the photographs in greater detail. They are hers to keep, even though they were obtained through unlawful means. They were taken by her camera, and therefore, they were her intellectual property. It is the 'breaking and entering' that is a chargeable offence.

Sam is still shaken, but she's trying not to show it. Brian has got enough on his plate.

He seems to sense it though. He keeps glancing over at her.

"You OK?" he says solicitously.

"Yeah."

"Don't worry, we will get you out of this," he says with feeling.

She doesn't know how, but she says "Yeah" anyway. She's an adult. She knew what she was doing when she went into it with both eyes open. She just isn't very good at subterfuge.

Remind me never to become a private detective.

"I mean it, Sam." His brown eyes arrest hers.

"I know." A rush of warmth fills her chest every time she looks at this man, God help her. She quickly averts her face by focusing on the melange of images before her. Oh shit, those images are all of him, and so she has to look at him anyway.

He picks out a photo from the middle of the jigsaw. "This is the earliest she has taken of me. I think she started stalking me two years ago."

"Does the name Adele Jankovic ring a bell? She intimated that she might have known you in college."

He leans back, cross-legged, and frowns. After a long while, he says, "I really, really can't remember."

She picks out a photo. It is the one she took of the plain woman. "You know this girl?"

Brian takes the photo and peruses it, his brow furrowing. "Adele Jankovic ... Adele Jankovic ... college."

"It mightn't have been in college," Sam says helpfully. Delilah could have been talking about someone else. But now, thinking back to the strange, premeditated conversation, there were undertones and undercurrents that had been obvious. Delilah was speaking about Brian - and she had wanted Sam to know it. And to let it seep back to Brian as a clue.

Brian's handsome face suddenly goes very still. Sam's heart leaps.

He says hoarsely, "Fuck, I think I know who she is. And she has a reason to be mad at me. Very mad."

12

It was his senior year in college.

Brian was the most popular guy on campus. He had the looks, the pedigree, the height, the smarts, and the casual athletic grace as he glides across the Ivy League grounds on his lanky legs. Most people think he coasted into college on his uncle's money. But what they didn't know was that he scored 2320 on his SATs. What's more, he was good enough in soccer to get in on a scholarship.

But he didn't need a scholarship, and he didn't want to use up a place that could have been given to a more unfortunate student - one who wasn't blessed with his financial circumstances. Brian had only one caveat for choosing his college.

He wanted to get as far away from home as possible.

The scars were fading, but not completely gone. They will never be gone. Dr. Robertson had hooked him up with another shrink in town, but Brian hadn't gone for the sessions. He had adjusted to being a high-functioning human being, and he didn't think he needed psychoanalyzing anymore. In fact, the therapy he was indulging in more than anything else - besides cigarettes, pot and booze - was sex.

He was addicted to sex.

Girls flocked to him like bees to a male flower with a very prominent stamen. It wasn't just that he was good in the sack. (Fuck that, he was superlatively great in the sack.) They were attracted to his devil-may-care attitude, the fact that he never seemed to be very interested in them ... unless he was horny, of course; and the way his large bedroom eyes flitted over them in casual 'I don't give a damn if you find me attractive' message in the cafeteria.

He wasn't usually nice to anyone outside his inner circle of friends either. And even within his friends, he tended to be snarky and so brutally honest that his words actually stung.

He was a master at playing cool, and cool was what they liked. Even the girls who weren't into guys like him were intrigued. He certainly wasn't an Ivy League type. He wore Hugo Boss leather jackets and looked like he'd be more comfortable in a streetcar named Desire than poring over books in a brightly lit library with a pencil tucked neatly behind his ear.

His grades were incredible, and he seemed to coast along with hardly any effort at all. He didn't feel the need to let you know them too. He had a photographic memory, incredible reasoning and analytical skills, and he was personable and charming when he chose to be.

No one would have known that he was an abused child - emotionally, physically and sexually. He certainly wore his mask well, with all defenses up like walls and a moat he has built around himself. What they certainly didn't know was that inside it all, underneath all that barbed wire, he was scared and insecure - and he made up for it by pretending not to care about anyone or anything.

Just three days before April Fools' Day, his best college buddy, Warwick, set him up on a dare. They were in the library, studying. Not pretending either, but really studying.

"You see that girl over there?" Warwick said.

Brian looked up to where Warwick was surreptitiously indicating. "The hot blonde who looks like she can eat men for breakfast?"

"No, I mean the not so hot brunette beside her."

"What about her?" The brunette was nondescript. Certainly someone Brian wouldn't notice in a crowd.

Warwick grinned. "That's virgin Adie, Goldie's cousin from Detroit. Five hundred bucks says you can't pull this off."

"Pull what off? Something involving my dick?"

Warwick outlined what Brian had to do. Brian grinned. "You kidding me? I can do that in my sleep."

"Yeah, so go to it."

"Take a first row seat and kindly observe the master at work."

Brian detached himself from his chair and walked over to where Adie was sitting. He didn't know her full name, of course; not that it mattered. The hot blonde, Goldie, looked up, smiling. She was probably thinking that he was coming to talk to her.

But Brian ignored her and took the seat beside Adie instead.

"Hi," he said. He was gratified to see a funny look on Goldie's face.

Adie turned to Goldie, and then looked back at Brian. "Uh, you talking to me?"

"Yeah. I'm Brian Morton. And you are?"

"Adele," she stammered, unable to believe that this incredibly hot boy - the most desired stud on campus, if the rumors were to be believed - was speaking to her and not Goldie.

"We call her Adie," Goldie put in. "I'm Goldie." She held out her hand, refusing to be outdone.

Brian shook it, and then turned back to Adie. "What are you doing tonight?"

He was aware that she was shell-shocked that he would even be talking to her. She was unable to take her eyes off him, taking in his large brown orbs, his carelessly mussed-up hair, his sensuous lips. Out of the corner of his vision, Brian observed Warwick, who was trying very hard not to giggle.

"Me? Doing?" Adie squeaked.

"Yeah." Brian refrained from mentioning something about whether she needed a hearing aid.

Goldie dug into Adie's side, and she winced.

"Um ... I'm studying. Here. No, not here. Back in my room. I think." Adie blushed a bright scarlet.

She wasn't so bad-looking, really, he mused. A little make-over wouldn't hurt, and a hairstyle change would be necessary. But she wasn't that bad-looking for a plain Jane. Maybe it was her confidence quotient that made her ordinary. It didn't rise above sea level.

"Studying is so blase," Brian said. "So ... if you're not doing anything else tonight, I was thinking we could grab a movie ... and dinner. Just the two of us."

"Movie? D-dinner?" Adie was still the color of beet.

"Yeah." Brian glared at Goldie, who was making faces, and directed this to her. "You got a problem with me taking your cousin out?"

"Not at all."

"Good. Now where were we?" Brian flitted back to Adie. "Pick you up at eight?"

"Yes," Adie gushed, clearly unable to believe this was happening to her.

"Where do you live?"

Adie told him. She apparently shared a room with Goldie, the sophomore that Warwick was interested in but wouldn't give him the time of day.

"OK, see you later." Brian gave her one of his patented smoky looks that was meant to say much more than it really did.

He uncurled himself and got up, feeling the scorching gazes of both girls in his back. He wondered if his snub was having its desired effect on Goldie.

*

Brian arrived exactly on the dot to pick Adie up at her dorm room. He was pleasantly surprised to see that she had made an effort to doll herself up. She wore a green dress that reflected the overhead fluorescent. She had put on green makeup as well, and thankfully not green lipstick to match. Brian couldn't abide girls who decked themselves out in strange colors.

Goldie was also there, and more than a little surprised herself, as if she was hoping to see her cousin being stood up. She's a right bitch, that one. He wondered why Warwick was so interested in her. But now, to earn his five hundred bucks and keep his rep intact, he had to play smooching lothario.

"Wow," he says engagingly, "you look great."

It wasn't completely a lie.

Adie stared at him. Like - really, really stared. He had naturally made an effort to look good himself. Sexy good, the way he knew he would if he put on just a black wife beater and blue jeans, and donned a simple white shirt over the former. And of course, with his height, he cut quite an imposing figure at the doorway.

Goldie stared at him too, but with a tinge of envy. Right after he leaves with Adie, Warwick was going to call Goldie in her chagrined, lonesome state - a plumped chicken for the taking.

For Goldie's benefit, Brian proffered his arm to Adie. After a moment's hesitation, Adie took it.

"Don't wait up," Brian said cheekily to Goldie.

He dashed Adie off to his car.

Oh yeah, his car. It was a Corvette. Yet another iron filing to his chick magnet allure.

Brian didn't do dates very often. He usually got to first base in record time, and then on to the second, and the third with the rapidity of a freight train. So he found himself in an awkward situation after the movie - when he actually did have to try to make conversation ... with a girl.

He took Adie to this nice Italian eatery all done up in green, white and red. They ordered pasta and scampi, and Brian even broke out a bottle of red. It was nice ... if he didn't have to rack his brains to think of what to say next. Adie was as shy as a dormouse. So it was up to Brian to come up with the topics.

He started with class, and the professors. After about an hour, he was down to classroom gossip - which he always found embarrassing. But it was easy to talk to Adie. At least, he talked, and she listened. She never took her eyes off him. She blushed every time he let out an expletive, which was often.

After dinner, he drove her back to her dorm. This was the cruncher.

As foretold, Goldie would not put out for Warwick. She had returned early to the room, and was in the midst of tweezing her hair or whatever girls did in the privacy of their rooms.

Just outside their closed door, Brian slammed himself against Adie and kissed her. It was one of his voracious kisses - all tongue and hands around the waist and back and everywhere else. The first base kiss usually rapidly escalated to whatever the girl wanted - and it was usually everything he had to offer.

Adie seemed surprised. Jettisoned out of her wits, more like. Stunned, she let him kiss her. As he came up for air, she seized his face and kissed him instead with a passion that astounded him. Just when he was all over her, she was suddenly all over him - groping, sliding, grabbing. She obviously wanted him more than she had let on.

Brian managed to get a word in. "Your roommate?" he panted.

It wasn't completely an act. Adie's fervor did get him worked up, and he could always get it up for anything young and female.

"What about her?" Her eyes were bright and wide.

"Think you can persuade her to go someplace else?"

"I'll try."

Adie unlocked the door and pushed it in. Goldie was sprawled on her bed, reading something on Anthropology. She looked up irritably.

"You're late," she said, and added, "Oh" as soon as she saw Brian.

Adie said to Brian, "Do you mind waiting outside while I talk to her?"

He nodded.

He waited while they discussed something - him - behind a closed door. The discussion escalated into an argument, judging from the raised voices. They were practically fighting over Adie's right to f**k. He was right. Goldie was a bitch. Good luck to Warwick, who had a hard-on for her like no other. Brian wondered why. He would f**k Goldie all right - she was hot. And for him too, by the looks of it. But he wouldn't have liked her.

After ten minutes of this, Adie opened the door sheepishly.

"I'm sorry," she said, "can we go to your place instead?"

Brian was nonplussed. Of course he lived off campus, but that wasn't the point. The point was to make a big show out of it in front of Goldie, so that Warwick could zone in for the kill. Besides, this was interfering with his right to f**k wherever he chose.

"Screw this," he said, grabbing Adie and pushing his way through.

He entered the room. Goldie glared at him.

"You're not turning me out of my own room," she declared.

"Why? Because it never happened to you?" he said. "Fine, then we'll f**k right in front of you."

He began to strip, making a big show out of it. Adie was mortified. Goldie was fascinated. Brian was an exhibitionist. He didn't mind showing his dick to anyone who cared to admire it. He had a magnificent body, and he was all a-OK for flaunting it in the locker rooms, the swimming pool, the beach ... and hell, everywhere he could get away with it.

He took off his shirt and flung it onto Adie's bed. And then his wife beater. He began to unzip his fly, revealing his thatch of pubic hair - he rarely wore underwear - when Adie seized his arm and pulled him into the bathroom.

"Not out there," she said. Her face was red.

Brian grinned. Before he shut the bathroom door, he espied Goldie's baleful and extremely envious face.

Inside the cramped bathroom, he pushed Adie against the wall and roughly kissed her. She gasped at his ardor. He fumbled for her zipper and started to pull off her clothes - her dress, her brassiere (which caught at her elbows) and her slip of sensible panties. She clawed at his hair, his face. She was so hungry for him.

Finally, their clothes were in a heap upon the bathroom tiles. He cornered her against one wall - all fire and manly purpose - the way he thought she might like it. He was channeling a Harlequin romance. He left love bites on her neck, and when she didn't protest, he rained them on her small br**sts, and belly ... and down, down, down the trail to her pubes.

He knelt before her and tongued her pu**y. He could tell that she never had a guy go down on her before, the way she reacted - all moans and shuddering excitement and intensity. He made a good job out of it. He found a spot on her clit that made her literally go weak-kneed, and he tongued it until she writhed spasmodically.

She cried out again and again, and he grinned when he pictured the look on Goldie's face on the other side of the door.

Later, he stood up again.

"I'm gonna f**k you," he whispered, "right against the wall."

She clutched at him, frightened.

"I've never done this before," she confessed.

A virgin. Of course. He had taken quite a few on this campus. He was always ready to be the great debaucher.

"Don't worry. There's a first for everything," he said. "Just relax."

He bent down to retrieve a condom from his jeans pocket. He always had a few handy. He ripped the foil with his teeth and handed the condom to her.

"Go on," he said, "put it on me."

She trembled as she took it from him. "I don't know how."

He took pity on her.

"Look," he said, demonstrating, "you roll it on like this."

His c**k glistened with the tight rubber. In a way, he felt like Henry Higgins, showing Eliza Doolittle the ropes. She stared at it, fascinated.

"It's so huge," she said, and he caught the fear in her voice.

"You'll get used to it." He was being unusually patient. "Don't worry ... I'll take it slow."

He pressed her against the wall.

"It's cold," she said, laughing nervously.

"I'll heat you up," he suggested, smiling. He took hold of her hips with his strong hands. "Now put your legs around me. Like this."

She followed his lead and wrapped her legs around his waist.

"Don't worry," he said, sensing her discomfiture, "I won't let you fall. I've got you."

His c**k strained at her really tight opening, and she squeezed his neck with her arms - afraid of gravity, afraid of his size. Without letting her pause to think too much, he pushed in. She cried out. He stopped, letting her get used to his penis inside her, and then pushed in again. Inch by inch, he speared her until he was all the way through. It was a nice fit - this little snug canal, holding him tightly, pressurizing his hard flesh from all sides.

He allowed the pleasure to seep into him. This was why he loved sex so much - the tight clenching of muscles around his dick, the feel of hot limbs entwined around his body, someone else's need spreading by osmosis to his flesh.

"You all right?" he asked.

"Yes," she whimpered.

He began to move, thrusting himself in and out of her with slow, measured strokes, using the wall as leverage.

"It hurts," she said.

"It'll get better. It's just your first time, that's all."

He felt her wet tears upon his shoulder.

"Thank you," she said.

He had nothing to say to that. So he kept on pistoning in and out of her like a well-oiled tool. He didn't think she would have an orgasm from sheer f**king - not the first time, in his experience. Besides, he had already given her plenty of orgasms when he got down on her. Her first orgasms ever given to her by a man.

In, out, in, out - it was a rhythm he was so practiced in. It didn't matter who the recipient was. One pu**y was the same as another. He didn't believe in feelings and emotions and all that crock of shit that came with relationships, so it was the sensations that he concentrated upon. The goal of slow orgasm. Making himself ride out each one longer, like an engine breaking itself in and learning precision as it went along.

He reached his climax with a single gasp. Convulsions rattled his entire body. He felt her slowly sinking onto the floor, and he let her feet tread the tiles before he released her. She clung on to his neck, panting and all sweaty.

"Thank you," she said again.

"It will be better next time."

"No, it was wonderful," she avowed.

He glanced at her face to see if she was kidding, and she was not. She was gazing at him with an expression in her glistening eyes. An expression he had come to recognize and dread.

Oh no. Not again.

But he had promised Warwick, and besides, he was never one to renege on a bet.

So, instead of instantly cutting off the cord with a sharpened scissors, he swallowed the sudden lump that came to his throat and growled, "Wait till next time."

*

There was a next time.

It came later that night.

He did it to spite Goldie, who didn't pick up the phone and run after Warwick to prove her point - and why would she? Brian had tried to argue through Warwick's frat boy logic, since women practically never did what you wanted them to do ... for most guys other than him, that was.

So Brian stayed the night. He stayed the night in Adie's bed, right across the room from Goldie. And they weren't exactly sleeping either, the three of them.

"Would you please keep it down?" Goldie fumed, making a show about tucking the pillow around her ears. Brian noticed that she hadn't exactly closed her eyes.

Both he and Adie were covered by her blanket, but he was totally naked. Adie wore her pajamas, and he had already wriggled her bottom off and was in the midst of Round Two f**king.

It was better this time for Adie, as he predicted. But she was still staring up at him with that glassy, love-struck look he only knew too well. Gawd. He had to break this off before she gets ideas.

In fact, he might be too late.

She had already gotten ideas, the way inexperienced - in more ways than one - virgins did when they were f**ked the first time. Ideas that this would continue beyond the first few f**ks. Ideas that they were having a real relationship. Ideas that Brian Morton actually did relationships.

But he went on f**king her anyway, just to put on a show for Goldie - who never took her eyes off them, no matter how disgusted she pretended to be. And the next morning, he f**ked Adie again in the shower before he left.

"When can I see you again?" she said breathlessly at the door.

He was tempted to tell her, "Never again", but he had promised Warwick that he would carry this on until April Fools' Day.

"Tonight, after class." He ran his fingertip suggestively down the area between her clavicles.

Her besotted expression disturbed him.

That night, they studied together in the library. And then he took her to his rented apartment outside campus - in which he lived alone - and f**ked her again. No ... maybe it should be called 'making love'. He was tender and giving and loving - to let her have a contrast to last night's brutal f**king.

He found himself enjoying her company, despite his misgivings. At the same time, Warwick managed to get Goldie to go on a date.

"One more night," Brian thundered. "If blondie doesn't put out, you're on your own."

"One more night," Warwick promised.

That night, knowing it would be his last with Adie, Brian gave her a night she would never forget. Not only did he do everything a man could do with a woman with her - everything she was comfortable with, of course - but they lay together in bed afterward, cuddling. Almost like a real couple.

Brian stared at the ceiling while Adie fell asleep in his arms, his mind in turmoil.

*

Warwick came in the next morning, looking like a cat which had been through someone else's cream.

"I take it you got laid," Brian remarked. He pulled a strand of golden hair off Warwick's jacket. "Oooh, and what do we have here? Fur of a golden retriever?"

"God, her pu**y was so tight," Warwick breathed.

"Spare me the details. I don't want to puke my hash browns." Brian was never one who liked to talk cock. He was into f**king, not talking about it.

"OK, you can lay the April Fools' joke now on little cousin." Warwick handed Brian five hundred dollars.

Brian was hesitant. "I think she's in rather deep."

Warwick snorted. "Don't kid yourself. You're not that hot."

"It's not about being hot, although I'm practically at Dante's Inferno Circle Nine," Brian grumbled.

"Why the long face? It isn't as if you haven't dumped trash before."

"Hey, watch what you say. She isn't trash."

Warwick threw back his head and laughed. "I do believe someone's got a rash of lurrvvvve."

"I do not. Shut up."

Warwick whooped. They were on the Green, and students were milling around, studying on the grass or just making small talk.

"Hey, everyone!" he yelled. "Brian Morton has got the hots for this loser of a girl, and - "

"Shut up!" Brian pulled him down. "Do you want me to punch you in the face? What's Goldlilocks going to say about that shiner on your pretty mug then?"

"Then you're not breaking it off with her." Warwick's cheeks dimpled.

"How can I break off something that wasn't in existence in the first place?" Brian had transited back to his 'I don't believe in love, I believe in f**king' mode. It was easier to be this way than to admit he felt something for somebody. No, it wasn't love. He wasn't idiotic enough to ever fall in love with someone - at least, that was what he told himself. But he certainly wore a copious amount of guilt for what he was about to do.

He should have done it that first night.

Shit.

With a real trepidation that he did not want to acknowledge, he made the march to Adie's room. He did not want to do this anymore than he wanted to take a trip to the dentist, but it was something that had to be done. Why had he ever agreed to this for five hundred measly bucks? Oh yeah. He was Brian Morton, and he had a rep to protect and propagate.

You are Ming the Merciless. Take no prisoners.

Still, his conscience was eating a hole in his guts as he raised his fist to knock. The door opened. It was Goldie. She eyed him with dislike. Why? Because he f**ked Adie, her wallflower cousin, and not her?

"Where's Adie?"

"Adie," Goldie called a little too loudly for Brian's taste. "Your Romeo's here."

Brian gritted his teeth as Adie bounced up, all inner glow and freshness. His back prickled with a most uncomfortable sensation, as if a vat of ants had been poured over it.

"I need to talk to you." His face was serious.

She suddenly keyed in on it. Fear flitted across her face. He thought numbly: she knows she's about to get dumped.

The knowing look on Goldie's face said it all too. Brian pulled Adie out of the room and took her away. Down, down the stairs they went - passing people who stared at them. They know too, Brian thought. Warwick probably spread the word around. Asshole.

Finally, in a secluded section beneath a flowering tree, he stopped her.

"What is it?" she said, the tension evident in her voice.

"We need to stop seeing each other," he said flatly.

"Wh-what?"

"I've moved on. I've had you ... and now I'm moving on. To someone else."

The look on her face was one of a deer caught in the headlights. He didn't expect this. He had expected her to swear at him. Then her face changed, and she looked as if she was dying.

His guts clenched. That was why he never allowed himself to get to know them before and after he had f**ked them. It led to inevitably painful scenarios like this. He didn't know how to cope with something like this, especially since he had the emotional maturity of a twelve-year-old.

So he went for the only offensive he knew: to push them off the cliff. Give them no chance whatsoever to recover.

He said, "Look, I only slept with you because Warwick asked me to, and he only asked me to because he wanted to get into your cousin's pants. It's an April Fools' hoax, nothing else. You think a guy like me would ever want to be with a girl like you otherwise?"

She visibly flinched as if he had dealt her with a blow, and he winced at his own cruelty.

He added, "So it's over. It was a f**k. You lost your virginity, and you should be thanking your stars it was to me."

He walked off, his heart thudding loudly in his ears. He did not dare look back because he didn't want to see what he knew he would see - all the angst and anger and hurt played out on her face. He kept walking, and he did not hear any footsteps pad after him.

Perhaps she knew all along, and she was just riding it out - hoping against hope that this was her turn to be queen of the prom.

*

Brian was not to know about the fate of Adele Jankovic until three months later, when the news filtered through that she had left college after a foiled suicide attempt.

He felt as though he had been struck by a baseball bat when he heard it.

"What?" he said.

Warwick did not hook up with Goldie after that one night, nor had he intended to. Guys like him and Brian were just in for the conquest and the f**king, not the 'happily ever after because we met and married in college'.

"Didn't you hear?" Warwick said. "Of course, it was very hush hush. She took pills, but they managed to find her in time and they pumped it out of her. Then her parents took her out."

Brian sat very, very still for a long, long time. Blood rushed in his ears, and it took him a while to register what Warwick was saying.

"Hey, it isn't about you," Warwick jabbed, waving his hand in front of Brian's face. "Not everything is about you, you sanctimonious jerk. She was having problems. Her parents are going through a divorce, from what I heard. She couldn't keep up with the coursework. She had a zillion and one problems."

And I was part of those problems, Brian thought. He felt as if the ground would open up and swallow him whole. That's why it's important to never, ever get close to anyone if you're just planning to fool around.

He got up, ignoring Warwick's pleas of "You'll forget about it, OK? It's not that big a deal. She'll get over it. She'll just have to be stronger ... wiser ... that's life, all right?"

He just kept on walking until he reached the end of the campus. And then he threw himself onto the ground, and buried his face in his hands.

13

Sam is very, very still as she listens to him tell the story. As still as he was when he heard about Adele Jankovic's suicide attempt.

Brian closes his eyes. "I did it to her."

Her mind is whirling round and round with the images he created. Yes. She can well imagine Adele Jankovic - shy young adult that she was - falling in love with this incredibly handsome, cocksure guy who was the toast of campus. Who wouldn't?

Brian continues, his features ashen, "And now I've made you part of it."

"No, Brian. You didn't make me do anything I didn't want to do. You didn't even know about it."

But Brian shakes his head. He gets up from the crowded floor, refusing to meet her eyes. She's suddenly scared. A premonition hits her, and she's sure that he's going to do something awful. Something that would affect the two of them badly. And he'll be thinking that he would be doing it for her.

"Brian?"

He grabs his jacket and heads for the door. "I'll see you tomorrow."

She makes her leaden feet run after him before he hits the door. She grabs his arm.

"Brian ... don't."

He turns warily. "Don't what?"

"Don't do anything rash." Like I did, she doesn't say.

"I'm not going to do anything rash," he says with determination. He softens, and leans over to kiss her lightly on the forehead. "I'll fix this," he murmurs.

"Don't do anything that will get yourself into trouble, please." Her eyes brim with ready tears. She's embarrassed that she's so highly strung, but if you had been thrown into the slammer and questioned unceremoniously by the police, you would be too. And now she's worried to death as to what he might do.

"I won't," he promises.

She doesn't believe him.

14

If Sam hadn't been involved, Brian doubts he will be doing this. But then, if Sam hadn't gotten involved, he wouldn't know how he landed them in this mess in the first place. So it was a good thing she had gotten involved. Only now she is in hot soup herself.

He can only do one thing.

Well, no. Actually, he can do several things. The other options may not be so legally feasible. But he's opting for this one right now. It's the least messy alternative. And it's something that wouldn't involve the police. For now.

At least that is what he hopes.

He is taking a big gamble by doing this, but it has got to be done, or he would never know.

He drives into the parking lot of the apartment block and waits. And waits. And waits. His mind runs races around the world and back, going up and down and back and forth the paths of what has been and what might be. All alternatives are bleak. But it's time to right several wrongs.

When the car he is targeting pulls up, he tenses and sits up. The white Mazda parks in its allocated spot. As its occupant gets out, he opens his car door and lopes towards her.

She looks up and freezes.

Brian holds up his palms. "No. Don't scream. Adie ... I remember who you are. I remember everything."

Delilah Faulkner, the former Adie Jankovic, takes a step back. "Come any closer and I will scream," she warns. She reaches inside her purse. Possibly for mace. Or to dial 911.

It pains him that she thinks of him in this way - as though he really is a ra**st. But he knows better now.

"I'm not here to hurt you. I just want to talk," he says.

"I have nothing to say to you."

His heart is churning like a windmill. Careful, don't lose her. "Please, I'm here to bargain."

"Do that in front of the judge."

"Not for myself ... but for Samantha. She has done nothing wrong."

"The surveillance cameras beg to differ."

"What she did, she did for me. On my behalf. I asked her to do it." He knows it's a lie, but anything to protect Sam. "She's innocent. If you want to blame someone, blame me."

"I already did."

He can tell that she's softening her stance ... a little. He takes a step forward, and she doesn't move. "Please, Adie, I manipulated Sam into doing what she did. Just as ... "

It hurts him to say it.

" ... I manipulated you," he finishes. "I figured of all people ... you'd understand that."

He can see the wheels in Adie's head turning. God, he still can't think of this woman before him as sweet, shy Adie - who wore her precious heart on her sleeve, just waiting for someone like him to tear it into a million pieces. They don't even look alike, except for the height. And even that differed. Adie wore sensible shoes. This woman wears three-inch high pumps, and is every inch the confident barracuda.

I made her this way.

OK, maybe not totally, but I played a major part.

Somehow, conversely, he prefers the old Adie. The one who was shy and sweet and innocent, who looked up at him with loving eyes when he was f**king her. Not this beauteous, buxom, red-haired vixen who had seemed to step out, fully born, from Zeus's head.

"Let's talk," he says again when she didn't reply. "But not here. Let's go someplace else."

"You're wearing a wire," she accuses.

"No. I swear it." He holds up his hands to emphasize the point.

She says calculatedly, "I want you to prove it."

His heart skips a beat.

"Come with me." She jerks her head towards the elevator. "Inside."

It's as though she were physically holding a gun to his head. In this case, it's Sam's freedom. He nods. Without another word, he walks into the open elevator car. She follows him.

The doors slide shut with an ominous clang.

15

They are in Adie's apartment. The very apartment Sam broke into. Brian surveys it cautiously, resting his eyes on the closed door at the end of the corridor - the one that Sam claimed contained Adie's spooky shrine to him. He wonders if Adie had taken down the photos now that Sam had divulged their existence.

Doesn't prove you didn't rape her.

Yeah, right. Well, it may not be proof for Officer Cutter, but it sure as hell proved something to him. I didn't do it. This is what he's here to plea-bargain with Adie.

But first things first.

He's nervous as hell. He has never done anything like this before. He never had to. More worrying is Adie's current mental state, the very state he helped create.

Adie closes the door and locks it behind her. He wonders if anyone saw them coming up here. They didn't meet anyone in the elevator or the corridors outside, but he hopes there are surveillance cameras to capture the moment should he not be coming back. OK, stop being a drama queen. Still, the very atmosphere of oppression in this apartment does not quell his nerves.

He tries to breathe deeply and surely.

"So talk." She turns to him, completely unafraid, and folds her arms.

He has rehearsed this a hundred times in his car while he was waiting for her. "I would like you to go to the police and drop all your charges against Sam."

"And why would I want to do that in the midst of all the hard evidence?" Her eyes glint.

"Because I'll do anything you want." There, he said it, and the anchor dropped heavily from his chest. "I don't have much money right now ... you made sure of that ... but the gym is doing well, and I'll have more coming in."

He's aware that he's offering himself up on a silver platter to be blackmailed.

He continues, licking his lower lip, "And there's more. I have a new apartment right now, but I can sell that."

She listens to all this, contemplating.

"In short," she says, "you're giving me everything you own."

"Yes."

"What if that's not what I want?"

He swallows. "You want to see me humbled in court. You want to see me go to prison."

It was a fact.

Adie says harshly, her face white in the glare of the overhead lamps, "So that you'd be a piece of meat to be f**ked repeatedly by all the hardcore prisoners? Fucked until you are nothing but a shell? You will be, you know, pretty boy."

A knot tightens his stomach. "I know."

So that is to be his punishment for doing what he did to her.

He says, "They're already going to roll me over and f**k me. But you don't have to bring Sam down in the process. You're getting what you want. Now let her go. Please. Don't do this for me. Do it because she's young and innocent and ... " he can hazard this " ... in love with me, even though I have done nothing to deserve it."

And maybe I'm in love with Sam too.

If he hopes that this will strike a chord with Adie's previous plight, she shows no signs of it. His spirits sink. He had been gambling with emotional interplay again, something he's not good at. Maybe Adie is already so hardened to hard-luck stories that she doesn't give a damn about a fellow woman's plight of being screwed over by the infamous Brian Morton.

Adie finally says, very slowly, "I will consider your request. But there is indeed something else that I want."

Time stands still in the living room. His suspicion antennae are all up.

"What is it that you want?" His throat is dry. To see him humiliated even further? This is humiliating enough - having to stand before her like a serf, pleading for someone else's life.

She says, "I want to use you ... the way you use women. You say you're not wearing a wiretap. Prove it."

For a moment, he is speechless.

"Take off your clothes," she orders. "All of them."

So that's what she wants? He warily begins to strip, aware of the undercurrents in the room. This is no ordinary request. That's why he feels uncharacteristically shy. He peels off his jacket, and then his black sleeveless tee. She has seen it all before. Then why does he feel more naked than he ever has before?

You offered to do this. You offered to do anything she wants to get her off Sam's back.

When he's naked, he steps out of his shoes and crumpled jeans.

"Come here," she says.

With trepidation, he goes to her. She doesn't hold her arms out to him, and so he approaches her with the caution of a snake-baiter. He doesn't quite know what ground he's treading upon. What if she yells rape on him again? What if this is another one of her traps? Him in her apartment this time, naked before her - right before the date of the trial. He wants revenge on me, she would cite. He wants to snuff me out before we can go to court.

"Do me," she says, and puts her hands on his chest. She fingers it sensuously.

He is still not sure that any moment, she would not spring 'rape' on him. He feels as though he's in a viper's pit, and any way he swings, he's bound to get bitten.

He whispers, "What if you yell 'rape' again?"

"I'm not going to yell 'rape'."

She grabs his crotch and begins to massage his flaccid penis. He doesn't know what tricks she has picked up over the years, but she's good. Really good. His flesh tickles with the hot onrush of blood into it, filling it and lifting it swiftly above his groin.

He decides to take the plunge. He puts his hands on her waist. Can he pull this off? He has mixed emotions where she is concerned. On one hand is his extreme guilt at what he has subjected her to in the not-so-distant past. Those memories of sweet Adie juxtapose severely with the cold, composed bitch before him now - the one who manipulates people like chessmen on a board.

She raises her face to be kissed, and he obeys - remembering how she tasted the last time, all those years ago.

She murmurs, "I will consider your request if you really, really please me."

A cold hand grips his chest as he willingly spirals into the mess he created. So she still wants me. Or maybe not. Maybe this is part of a grander design that he is not yet privy to.

There's only one thing he is sure of. He will be f**ked every bit as badly as he would be in prison. But it doesn't matter, because he will be doing it for Sam.

