Chapter One

Logan

I'd never been shot, but I imagined this was what it felt like.

The numbness started at my center. It echoed through my muscles, magnifying the hollow ache in my bones. The silence was punctuated by the ringing, a dull buzzing that scratched and clawed. The fear in my blood raised the alarm. Something was off. Awry.

Then the pain rushed in.

It ricocheted from the point of impact, building and spreading like wildfire until I was consumed. There was nothing before the pain, and there would be nothing after.

Mackenzie's words were the bullet, and the round pierced me straight through the heart.

The baby I'd imagined faded from view, leaving behind nothing but a whisper. The baby I'd loved from the top of its perfect head to its tiny toes turned to smoke, dissipating and leaving gut-wrenching agony in its wake. There wasn't a piece of me growing by the second, a whole new life that I could help mold, to watch grow and flourish.

The love that filled me with such purpose and hope was ripped away, leaving me with a savage hole in my chest.

I wasn't the baby's father.

I blinked, the slightest of movements. A whisper really. But it was the scream in the silence that shattered the veneer of shock, and the sound that ripped its way from my mouth was a roar. From the way Delilah's assistant staggered backward and Melissa's hand jerked to her mouth, it must have been as animalistic and monstrous as it sounded in my head.

The assistant.

I advanced toward her, the color red drenching everything. Buckets of it turned everything in my sights crimson. I could care less that the girl's already pale complexion was unsettling, like at any moment she'd empty the contents of her stomach all over the floor. Anger turned her hair scarlet, just like Delilah's. Her wide eyes reminded me of the innocent victim role Delilah had perfected, turning the world into her stage. With each step the assistant took toward the exit, the flames inside me smoldered, burning hot until they scorched my bones.

"What did you say?" I spat.

I knew what she had said. Sure, her voice was high-pitched and mousy with the manic edge that usually drove me crazy, but I'd heard every word. She told me the truth that my ex-lover had kept from me. A truth that I hadn't even considered.

Yes-I knew what Mackenzie had said. The words were lashed across my consciousness. But I still needed to hear it again.

Her big brown eyes shot behind me, seeking refuge with Melissa.

"Don't look at her," I growled, snapping my fingers to make sure I had her attention. "I asked you a question."

We were practically back to the elevator. From the way she shook, I knew she could feel her proximity to the exit. But she'd have to turn and hit the button, and she trembled like she was worried the slightest movement would make me snap.

It was far too late for that. My sanity was already slipping away with each passing breath.

A swollen, pathetic tear streaked down her cheek. "Mr. Mason, I-" she croaked. An honest-to-God croak.

"Logan, leave her alone."

Melissa's voice was filled with authority, a power that took me by surprise. I glanced at her over my shoulder, locking onto her ocean blue eyes. A tsunami of condemnation whipped through her gaze, forcing me to take a breath. To take a look at myself.

When I faced Mackenzie and saw just how terrified she was of me, shame sparked in my chest. I didn't wear my fear on my sleeve in the old days; I tucked it behind an ironclad mask of indifference. But I knew all too well how it felt to be at someone's mercy. To be on the receiving end of cruelty.

I knew I should apologize to her and assure her that I had no intention of killing the messenger, but the anger still flickered in my gut, holding my tongue hostage.

Melissa's movements were quick and confident, stepping in front of me. Her voice was calm, the rhythm of it soothing the tension in the room.

"We appreciate you coming to us with this information, Mackenzie."

Mackenzie's eyes skittered up to me, glassy and disbelieving, then sank back to Melissa. "I just wanted to do the right thing. When Delilah told me that Mr. Mason was coming around, that he would provide for her child, I just couldn't go along with it anymore." She took a hesitant step toward me. No, not me. Toward Melissa. The girl was still solidly terrified of me. "I know I should have spoken up sooner-"

"And just how sooner would that have been?" I snarled, the calm splintering. "How long have you known that Delilah was playing me for a fool?"

When she looked up at me, chin trembling, face red with embarrassment, I knew I wouldn't have to extricate the truth from her. She'd spill it all without hesitation.

"How long doesn't matter," Melissa insisted. She stood beside the girl, putting a hand on her shoulder.

Mackenzie flinched, then relaxed, like she was finally releasing the massive weight of the secret.

"You can go," Melissa said gently. "Thank you for coming by."

The girl decided to forego the elevator, dashing to the stairwell in a streak of black hair, stilettos, and fear.

The silence returned with a vengeance. It tore through my mind and stampeded through my muscles. It ripped and clenched my fists.

Melissa turned back to me and in an instant, the anger dimmed. I saw the memory of her wide eyes when she saw my bloodied knuckles. She took in the broken mirror and put two and two together. She was afraid of me in that moment. Afraid that she was in over her head. I promised I'd never let her feel fear in my name again.

I'd broken my promise.

I relaxed my hands, forcing the calm over me. She was still on high alert, her pretty face practically streaked with war paint. Her round blue eyes were crystal slits. Her high cheekbones were sharper than any blade. Her lips were a troubled slash as she glared at me. Challenged me to keep it up.

I felt the smile waiting beneath my frown and tried it on for size. "You can relax. No mirrors in my immediate vicinity."

Her frown deepened. "No mirrors-just a girl for you to bully and frighten."

I hurled the smile from my face. "She knew the truth from the beginning, Melissa. Back when Delilah was traipsing around town holding her baby bump, Mackenzie was the one I had to deal with. She had countless opportunities to come clean-"

"You can't live in the past, Logan," Melissa interjected. "Now, and the future, is all we have."

She moved closer, not caring that I could go nuclear. When I looked into her eyes, I didn't see my mistakes playing on loop. I saw love. I saw hope.

"You have to decide what comes next. What Delilah did-" Her voice shook with anger. "It was evil. But you don't have to skin her assistant alive. Or go after Delilah. This is your chance to show her that she can't turn you into that guy from the headlines."

The calm receded almost instantly and the fury rushed back in. "Headlines." I stormed away from her. Left her standing there with stars and gumdrops and unicorns in her eyes. She worked in marketing and public relations. She should know better than anyone that I couldn't just brush this off. My public image had been butchered in the media. Sure, I was the boss and no one uttered a word loud enough for me to hear, but their looks formed the letters and sounds that chipped away at the foundation of the business I'd built.

You're nothing more than an animal. Just like him.

It always came back to her. The hate burning like acid. Hate I had every right to feel towards her for what she did to me.

The mother that never showed me an ounce of love and compassion.

And the betrayal that turned me into a man that didn't do love and attachment, before Melissa.

I went to the liquor cabinet and pulled out the bottle that would turn the burn into something numbing. Help me catch my breath. It was all coming apart at the seams, pulling me into the pit of memories. I knew once I opened the door and went back to that place, there'd be no return. But I had tunnel vision, and all the reasons to keep the cork in the bottle disintegrated as I threw the bottle back and let the fire race down my throat.

If she knew what was good for her, Melissa would have followed Mackenzie. I almost opened my mouth to tell her so, but she picked up the bottle. She poured the amber liquid into a glass and brought it to her lips.

She winced, running her fingers through her hair. The golden locks drifted over one shoulder as she looked at me. It would be easier if she were judging me, easier to put the walls up before I let her get any closer. But it was too late to go back. Too late to not let her in. Keeping her at a distance, my beautiful, fierce submissive who opened her body and soul to me, was not an option.

I emptied my glass and poured myself a second. I waited until I knew my voice was steady before I pretended I was alright. "I feel like I should be making some sort of joke."

Melissa raised her chin, but her eyes were locked on her glass. "There's nothing funny about what Delilah has done."

Hurt sliced my chest, but I snuffed it out as best I could. "Some might say I deserved it."

Her gaze shot upward, like I'd just uttered the most ridiculous thing she'd ever heard. "How could anyone think you deserve this?"

"I turned sex into a transaction," I answered, my voice hollow. "Nothing monetary, but it was a service. They gave me their submission, and as my submissive, I gave them the escape they craved." The hurt I put aside ravaged its way across Melissa's face. The glass was forgotten, and I took her face in my hands. "What we have is different. I knew it was different the moment our lips touched."

Her eyes sparkled, the emotion rippling there turning playful. "Good answer."

I didn't fight the smile this time, letting it curve my lips, taking in the warmth of her, the warmth of happiness before the bitterness reclaimed me. The happy place where she was mine and nothing else mattered was a mirage in the face of what Delilah had done. It dropped the past before my eyes. I couldn't look away. I had to face it.

My throat was dry. As badly as I wanted to quench my thirst with every ounce of liquor in my cabinet, I filled my glass with water instead. I looked around at all the things in my apartment. The vast, empty wealth. All the things I bought to fill the void.

"When I was twenty-three, I was just getting started. A couple of business decisions put me on the fast track. I was laying the foundation of what Mason Acquisitions is today. When I hit twenty-four, I made my first million and I met someone. Elizabeth Kensington." I snorted, the name alone bringing back memories of the woman. Her curly, wild hair. The bohemian personality that drew me to her like a moth to the flame. Once I made a Forbes list for my wealth, it became difficult to pick out the people who gave a damn about me and those that gave a damn about my bank account. It was a skill I was adept at now, but back then, Elizabeth played me like the ukulele she used to strum every night. "She was studying sociology and seemed content to live on nothing but love and passion."

Using that word after what she did made me feel sick, and then I remembered Melissa and our colored history with that word. But she wasn't up in arms, her eyes turning from blue to green in a show of envy. She was just perched against the counter, listening intently.

"Life happened, and we grew apart. I tried to end things and she proposed to me." I took a long, steadying gulp of water. "The funny thing is, if she'd asked a few months earlier, it would have seemed like the best idea I'd ever heard.

"I declined, knowing that it signaled the end of us. And I didn't expect a clean break. I still cared for her deeply. But what I didn't expect was for her to use the final weapon left in her arsenal to hurt me: my mother."

Melissa's lips twisted in confusion. I didn't blame her. I had been just as confused when Elizabeth had uttered a name I hadn't heard in years: Regina Mason.

"It wasn't hard to find my mother. It was no coincidence that we were living in the same city." I put my glass back on the counter as hurt coursed through me like venom. "She tried kindness and remorse first. When I had no interest in either, the claws came out."

Her words were carved into my chest, a wound that never truly healed. I knew the only way to find peace was to yank the skeleton from my closet and shine light into the darkness, but I didn't say them out loud. Not to Melissa, the one person that proved my mother's prophecy wrong.

That baby kept me silent. Delilah James had proved her right.

"Yes, I used Beth to get close to you so I could use you. You came by that emptiness honestly, boy. That same hole inside of you is inside of me. We're no good, you and me. And let me tell you something that no one will say now that you have all that money in your wallet. No one will ever want you for you ever again."

Melissa pushed away from the counter in horror, her voice just as unsteady as the steps she took. "I am so sorry, Logan."

The look in her eyes, the pity, was almost more than I could stand.

I didn't back away from the challenge. I'd found a strength in myself the day I faced my mother that had served me well over the years. I looked down the barrel of destiny and decided that I could find success and happiness. I embraced my need to dominate and my place as a force in the business world.

But Melissa's touch, her empathy as she stood in front of me, tears glittering in her eyes, made that iron fence in me shudder. It creaked, my strength waning. The doubt that I'd ever find what I found in Melissa was back, scratching at the back of my mind.

She loves you. She's not using you. Just look into her eyes.

But I couldn't.

I brought her to my chest, her sobs rattling my foundation. Melissa told me that I was a good person, that I was worthy and deserving of love. Her words flowed into my ears-and right back out.

Everything I built was in jeopardy, and it was all because of Delilah.

She would pay dearly for this.

Chapter Two

Melissa

Stacia: Meet me at Cafe De La Fleur.

I pulled myself up from the tangle of covers, casting a look over at Logan. His handsome face was far from serene and rested, even though he was fast asleep. He didn't stir, even when I hopped from the bed, my feet creaking on the hardwood floor. I moved to his side of the bed, my fingers gliding through the dark waves that crashed across his forehead. I pressed a silent kiss on his skin before I turned back to the text emblazoned across my screen.

There was no room for misinterpretation. Even though there were only words, I saw the hand on her h*ps and her narrowed gaze. She sounded out every syllable with angry precision.

I knew she had every right to be pissed, considering I'd been avoiding her texts over the past few days, but I still plunked out something lighthearted. With extra emoticons.

Me: Well hello to you too ;) :P

Her answer was swift and missing any winks or smiles.

Stacia: Cafe De La Fleur. As close to now as you can manage. Unless you're too busy with your billionaire boyfriend?

My stomach dropped. Stacia was my best friend. She was there for me when Jason broke my heart, and I was there for her when her ex broke hers. We didn't have any secrets, especially when it came to the men in our lives. I'd been trying to figure of the right way to tell her about Logan, hiding out until the right words came to me. And now it was too late...and I was left with the uncomfortable reality where I was a terrible friend who pushed away one of the people that cared about me most. I wanted to pour my heart out, tell her I was sorry for the way things played out, but she deserved to hear those words in person.

I took the fastest shower known to man and pulled on a T-shirt and leggings, then my boots. I scribbled a note for Logan, grabbed my blazer, and took the elevator down. My car was sitting in a visitor's spot a few stalls down from his sports car, but I was in no mood to battle San Francisco traffic on top of everything else.

I faded into the crowd. The melting pot of people from all walks of life-students, tourists, bankers, fashionistas, the homeless-I could smell the life, the urban sprawl, the salt of the city. There was a distinct aroma that was uniquely San Francisco.

And then a shiver raced down my spine, the hairs on the back of my neck shocked to attention.

Someone was following me.

Every suspense and thriller movie I'd seen told me that the best course of action wasn't to alert the person shadowing me that I was onto them, but I wasn't an actress. There was no one standing off camera, ready to call 'Cut!' so I could take a breath and gather my wits about me.

So I whirled around, my heart rocketing to my throat.

Pulsing.

Choking me as I locked eyes with my tail.

The guy was in one of those button-down, short-sleeved shirts that made me think about bowling alleys and liquid nacho cheese. Paired with shorts and flip flops despite the cold wind that whipped my scarf around my neck, I almost relaxed, thinking he was just another tourist-but his camera was bulky and professional looking.

His surprise melted into a predatory smile as he pointed the camera in my direction. "Melissa, how does it feel to be the biggest slut in America?"

His question screeched in my ears like he'd cupped his hands around his smug mouth and pushed the words straight from his diaphragm to every ear in the Bay Area.

His camera was flashing, capturing my horror in every frame. There was nowhere to hide. Nowhere to run. I could feel the interest buzzing around me, building like the terror in the pit of my stomach.

Just turn around. Keep walking. Don't say a word.

But my legs weren't working.

The flow of movement staggered, phones hovering in my direction.

"Who is she?"

"The girl dating that billionaire."

"She stole him from Delilah James!"

"That pregnant actress?"

I finally found my voice, the words haunting my vocal chords as I fought to catch my breath. "It's not like that." The sentence was a feeble whisper that was consumed as the paparazzo asked another question, saying the name that the curious onlookers would know instantly unless they lived under a rock.

"How does it feel to be the slut that stole Delilah James' boyfriend? Do you even care about the baby? How about your rich boyfriend?"

Tears stabbed my eyeballs like a hundred tiny needles. It didn't compare to the shame. The agony burned me from the inside out.

"I'm right here, Melissa."

The familiar, rich voice flooded me with relief. My tears were streaks of joy when I saw Stacia. She looped her arm in mine, wasting no time pulling me through the crowd that had gathered around me and the photographer.

We were only a few blocks away from the cafe, but I didn't dare let go of her arm or look anywhere but the light at the end of the tunnel.

No more questions. No more eyes. No more judgment. No more carrying the brutal truth that no, I didn't care about the baby. No more fighting the urge to tell the world that the baby wasn't even Logan's.

Stacia cleared her throat as we stopped by the entrance.

I gaped at her obtusely, then realized she probably needed her arm back.

I followed her inside, snapping out of the lull of my run-in with the photog. I came to the realization that whether she saved me or not, my best friend still had a bone to pick with me.

I'd never been out of the States, but visiting Paris was on my list. The Eiffel Tower. The Arc de Triomphe - just sitting at a cafe with a coffee, drinking it all in. I always made it a point to stop into Cafe De La Fleur when I was in the city. It was always an experience; what I imagined Paris would be like, alive with sounds and smells and conversations.

We walked past the bar area and a wall lined with magazines and books down the stairs to a room filled with booths and cafe tables. Our host guided us to our table, leaving us with our menus. Even though I already knew I wanted, I stared at the menu, pretending the words weren't swimming before my eyes. Now that I was still, the confrontation rushed over me like a runaway train. I balled my fists in my lap, ignoring Stacia's glare. I couldn't talk about that photographer or the reason he wanted to take pictures of me in the first place.

"So you're going to make me pry it out of you?"

"Pry what out of me?" I said innocently.

"Put the menu down. I know you, Melissa. You're a creature of habit-you're not trying anything new."

"Sure I will." I picked a menu item I hadn't tried. "I'll do the smoked salmon benedict."

"Or maybe I don't know you," she said darkly, completely disregarding my attempt to prove her wrong. "The Melissa I know doesn't dash off to San Francisco, saying to hell with her job and friends. The Melissa I know doesn't freeze me out for days."

I lowered the menu and let my eyes follow suit. "Stacia-"

"The Melissa I know would be able to look me in the eye and tell me what's going on, without me having to pull teeth. Because we're friends. Best friends, I thought."

"Best friends?" I snorted, raising an eyebrow. "Are we in the third grade?" I meant it as a joke, but it fell flat. I winced, backpedaling as fast as I could. "I didn't mean that."

"I was under the impression that we were both adults, but sneaking off is something children do," she fired back.

"Touche," I muttered, shoulders slumping. Our waitress took our order. I got the same thing I always ordered. Stacia ordered the salmon.

"I'll let you have a bite of it," she offered.

I met her eyes and saw the spark of warmth I had no right to. I fanned it nonetheless. "Thanks, Stacia."

She took an angry swig of her mimosa. "Don't mistake my generosity for forgiveness."

I chewed my bottom lip, then took a slow and sobering gulp of espresso before finally facing the firing squad. I'd been so caught up and eager for escape that I didn't even look at Stacia. But face-to-face, eyes wide open, I saw her. She wore a crisp black blazer with a charcoal gray blouse beneath. Her dark hair was pulled into its usual bun at the nape of her neck. Her makeup was flawless, brown eyes fierce and lips blood red, ready for battle. None of it should have been jarring; she was a lawyer, suited up, and no frills was her uniform. The only time she let her hair down was the rare occasion when she wasn't entrenched in a case. But the last time I saw her, she was miles away from the woman in front of me. The bright colors she'd worn seemed painfully so in the face of the monochrome ones she was currently in. The light in her eyes had darkened, the happiness I'd seen back in Sacramento so distant that I wondered if I'd imagined it.

Something had happened to my friend...and I wasn't there for her.

"Is it your ex?" I hung my head, ready for her judgment. "I'm so sorry."

"I don't want you to be sorry." She sat up taller, her face so closed off that I could almost make out the snarled barbed wire and the sign that read 'KEEP OUT'. "And I didn't come all this way to talk about me. I came here to talk about Logan Mason."

I polished off my espresso, the bitterness of it coating my tongue. "Where do you want me to start?'

"The beginning is just fine."

I drummed out a nervous beat on the table, memories piling on top of each other. The weight of it made me want to the change the subject like a coward. Talk about the view. About her work. Hell, my work. Or maybe talk about the subject she was clearing avoiding herself-but that just reminded me that I'd been a bad friend, and that's why I was in this predicament in the first place.

One of those calls and texts she sent may have been at a pivotal moment when she felt like her whole world was crashing down. I'd declined every one, focusing on Logan. Love (and the other L word) were no excuse, and she deserved to hear that.

"Remember the trip to Santa Cruz? The rental at Pleasure Point?" I leaned back against the cushion of the booth, wishing it would swallow me whole because she was about to rip me a new one. "Logan owns the property. That's how we met."

"WHAT?!" she bellowed. An elderly woman beside us cleared her throat pointedly, but she cowered when Stacia whipped her head in her direction. She reserved the brunt of her anger for me. "You met him in Santa Cruz." Her emphasis on 'met' wasn't so much shook hands and said hello. More like, our na**d bits got acquainted. "But that can't be true, because you told me nothing happened besides a gnarly sunburn."

I squeezed my thighs together, but it was too late. My core was throbbing at the memory of Logan's hands gliding over my skin; the bite of the sunburn and the cool of the cream. I relived the aching need when he kissed me, and all I wanted, all I needed was Logan.

"I wasn't being completely honest." I peered around us and when I was relatively sure no one was listening, I continued. "We were together, Stacia. And it was-" I gulped, knowing full well whatever word I came up with wouldn't do it justice. "Amazing."

Her face softened, the faintest smile fluttering across her lips. "I knew some vacation dick was just what you needed."

"Stacia!" I gasped. Her voice wasn't remotely lowered or discreet.

"Let's call a spade a spade." She crossed her arms, tracing her bottom lip thoughtfully. "But it was more than sex. That's why you didn't tell me."

"I wasn't ready to face what it was," I answered truthfully. "And by the time there was no running from it, when I was in so deep that I..." I meandered as our waitress slid up to the table. Even though I doubted this was another situation where the waiter was really a reporter, I still waited for her to walk away before I picked up where I left off. "He sees me, Stacia. With Jason, I felt like it was so much work trying to be perfect. Trying to be everything he needed. But with Logan, it's effortless. I'm not losing pieces or hiding parts of myself. He sees it all. And he loves it all."

Stacia's eyebrows nearly lurched to the ceiling. "Love?"

I nodded slowly, holding my breath. Waiting for her to tell me that there was no way I could be in love with a man I'd barely known a month. Or that he could love me. But she didn't say a word. She wielded her knife, the blade gliding through the egg and spilling the creamy yolk over the salmon. I watched her, my appetite forgotten. I just wanted to get the lecture over with.

I waited for her to eat half of it before I broke the silence. "You're not going to tell me how ridiculous this all is?"

She dabbed at her mouth with her napkin, her eyes finally settling on me. "Your picture plastered all over TMZ and random Internet trolls calling you a slut? That's ridiculous. You running off to San Francisco with a billionaire? That's crazy. But love? Love isn't supposed to make sense. It's random and complicated and frustrating and heartbreaking and beautiful. If you guys are in love, I'm happy for you, and sad all at once." Her voice went shaky, tears drowning her words. "B-because love will rip your heart out if you let it."

I gripped her hand, not pushing it. Not picking at the wound. She didn't have to go into it. This had her ex written all over it. I wanted to shake him, to make him see what an amazing woman he had. An amazing woman he kept breaking over and over again.

Stacia forced a smile, giving my hand a squeeze before she steeled herself, flicking her tears away. "We've got a lot of catching up to do. I took the day off, and I want every leg-shaking, pu**y-dripping detail."

Chapter Three

Logan

I walked into the conference room, the usual nostalgia that swept over me confronted with another emotion: dread.

I'd purposefully had the top floor outfitted to accommodate the expansive room we used for board meetings. It was a psychological move. Even though the company was mine, a seedling that I nurtured into the Fortune 500 Company it was today, I still had to answer to a board filled with people that had been cautiously skeptical of my vision-until the profits started rolling in.

They had to come to me. Climb every floor to the place in the sky they didn't believe I could build.

I'd always felt a sense of accomplishment, of power, when I walked through the door. I was always the first in. Drinking in the long glass table and empty leather chairs. Appreciating the view of the city from the window.

But today, I just walked to my seat at the head of the fragile table and sank into the chair with a sigh. The creeping ache wasn't soothed by the silence; it was magnified. The dread took root and taunted me with everything I had to lose if push came to shove.

With the exception of my mentor, Roman McLeod, I had no friends on the board. They tolerated me, a man half their age calling the shots, because Mason Acquisitions was profitable and heralded as a pioneer in our field. We turned something cutthroat into greater opportunities for everyone, from the account managers to the janitorial staff. We fostered a sense of community: when we all pulled together, we all succeeded.

That wasn't some byline I was told to sell by the PR team. As someone that grew up with very little, I made a point to ensure no one on our staff went without.

It didn't endear me to men who were used to putting their needs, and wallets, first.

I gripped the cup of coffee that was waiting for me, ignoring the tremble in my hands. The brand I'd built was tarnished. It was now synonymous with Delilah and the pregnancy. I worked so hard to separate myself from the herd, but if you followed the headlines, I was just like every other cold, filthy rich douche bag.

I stared into the mug, sinking into the pitch-black nothingness. The color of my heart, if you asked any number of commenters on the articles and blog posts I pretended I didn't read. They poised rhetorical questions about what kind of man would abandon his child. If they only knew I'd been ready to be there for my little one. Really be there. Yes, I could provide for them financially, far beyond the average person's dreams, but I wanted to be more than a bank account. More than a flick of a pen on a birth certificate.

But she took it all away.

Delilah gave me a piece of something I never knew I wanted, then snatched the earth out from under me.

And I would repay the favor.

"Seems great minds think alike."

Roman's thick, Scottish lilt jerked me from the dark. Even though everything had changed for me since I was paired with him in the outreach program in high school, he looked exactly the same. Up until the moment we met, I'd associated suits with church and funerals, but he'd looked like he could move mountains in his. He had an authority when he walked into a room. I sat up straighter. Paid attention to the man with the red hair slicked back from a face that tolerated exactly zero nonsense. Green eyes that seemed to find every shortcoming and challenge me to do better with a single glance.

There was one difference though-his smiles were a rarity back then, but these days, they created permanent wrinkles beside his eyes. The one he wore today had a hint of sadness and melancholy. I pretended that I wasn't the one behind that sadness. That I hadn't been the one to disappoint him.

I unbuttoned my jacket, rising to shake his hand. Neither one of us wasted time talking about emotions. It was one of the things I respected most about him as my mentor. He didn't try to save me, he just pointed out my potential and laid out the roadmap. It was my job to make the journey.

But this handshake wasn't a quick, abrupt, business-like transaction like the other countless times. He held onto my hand, enclosing it between his.

"You okay, son?"

Hearing him use that word was like he'd slugged me. I yanked my hand from his grasp, taking two steps away from him, toward the head of the table. I was in control of my emotions. I would not break down here of all places.

"Everything is fine, Roman," I said, ironing the discomfort from my voice. After I took a breath, it came out as indifferent and starched as the shirt beneath my jacket. "And how are Lucia and the girls?"

"You know Lucia," he chuckled, pulling out the chair beside mine. "Out to save the world, one charity luncheon at a time. The girls are in London on a school trip." He leaned back, the chair whining as he swiveled toward me. "You haven't answered my question."

My hands shook, so I stuffed them in my pockets. It wasn't lost on me that I had a similar pose when he and I met. I remedied it, leaving one safely out of view. The other shook with the telltale sign that I was struggling to keep my brave face on.

"I'm perfectly fine, Roman." I added a smile to drill the point home. "I'm glad you could make the meeting this morning. They were ready to hang me out to dry a month ago, even via video."

He stared at me intently, not giving me a break from his silent interrogation until the secretary brought him a coffee. He took a stoic gulp, then let out a sigh like it was the best coffee he'd ever had. "I'd love to find a pound of this to take home."

I leapt at the subject change, reaching for the control panel that would alert the secretary. "I could have some packed up for you-"

"That's quite alright-"

"It's really no trouble," I insisted. "Moira, can you call down to the cafe-"

"Logan."

I looked up from the panel, noting the slight shake of his head. "Cancel that, Moira. Thanks." My nostrils flared, the unspoken scolding almost as unpleasant as airing my dirty laundry.

"There's the stubborn little snot I met at Greenwood High," Roman commented softly. If I didn't know better, I'd say he sounded almost wistful.

"Jesus," I groaned, raking my hand through my hair with annoyance. "First all this talk about feelings, now we're waxing lyrical about the past? Maybe we should swap friendship bracelets and braid each other's hair."

"I know you use humor to deflect, but it doesn't change the fact that you are not fine." Roman waited for me to answer, to give in. When I didn't say a word, he dug deeper. "There is no weakness in talking about your life, especially when your life has a direct impact on your work."

"Sounds like someone on the board has been bending your ear," I spat defensively.

"Not your board. Your secretary, Amanda. And I have two eyes. Suit or no suit, you're wearing this whole torrid affair all over your face. You always had a problem controlling your anger. Over a decade later, and it's still crippling you."

"That's where you're incorrect," I said coldly. "Back then, when someone wronged me, I didn't rest until they paid in bruises and blood."

"There may be no outward marks, but I can see the bruises and blood, Logan. They're all over you."

"What would you have me do?" I roared, the eruption spewing forth lava and vitriol. Melting away my facade of calm. "I let my dick do the thinking and this is the result: an ex lover who won't rest until I'm ruined."

"But there's someone else."

My heart pulsed with love. My c**k stirred with lust. That's what she did to me. It didn't matter if we were in the same room; the mere thought of her was enough to make me come undone.

Melissa.

"I know this probably sounds insane," I murmured. My words weren't like before. Hitting the wall, writhing on the inside. Forced to stay in the darkness. These words were too right, too good to be hidden away. "I've never felt this way before. I've said I love you before, but it seems foolish now. This woman feels like forever to me. I can't picture a life that doesn't have her in it." I looked at my mentor, putting it all on the line for him to see. "She makes me want to be the best version of myself." The moment in the sun didn't last. It couldn't. Delilah and the baby crept back in. "She's the part of me that's saying I should let the anger go."

Roman cracked a smile that told me he knew exactly where I was coming from. I stopped holding onto the importance of keeping this mask on. Of checking my emotions at the door. Melissa was one of the very few people I let in. That I trusted enough to open up to. But if there was anyone else that had proven they could be counted on in the midst of this shit, it was Roman.

"You're in love." His voice was a mixture of pride and concern. "But you have one foot in the past and one in the future." He let out a gruff sigh and I followed suit. I might be new at this love stuff, but I was catching on. I knew what he'd say next. The words my heart knew were true but my pride, my need for vengeance, couldn't accept.

"You can be bitter about the hand you were dealt with your ex, or you can accept it and move on."

He'd given his impartial advice. He'd never steered me wrong. But I felt like I was back on that ledge. Teetering with nothing but darkness to catch me.

"You don't know what she's done," I said vehemently. I took the easy route, slipping back into the familiar. I was the ferocious businessman who fought for everything he had. Everything that was falling apart, crumbling in my fingers, was because of a lie. All that was left was the kid I was before. The kid who felt unworthy of anything. All I had was the anger. "One lie, and she has ruined me. I can't let that stand."

"I know that's what it feels like. Your good name is all you have, right? Why you've worked so hard to build something."

"Damn right."

"But what about her?" Roman urged. "What about Melissa?"

"It's not that simple-"

"Logan, everything else is complicated. This mess with the actress. The restless, knee-jerk prone board. But deep down, you know what's right. You know what you should do if you want to be the man that deserves her. The man that I know you are."

His words knocked me out flat. He thought I was a good man.

Emotion wreaked havoc on me.

I rolled my shoulders back, silencing it. I'd be damned if I let him or anyone else see me cry.

We shared a solitary nod of certainty, our conversation tabled as the room slowly filled with other members of the board. I gritted my teeth and answered their questions, soothed their concerns, showed them that despite the Delilah scandal, our profits were holding steady. I told them everything was going to be okay.

But inside, I wasn't so sure.

If letting go was so right, so easy, then why did it feel like the hardest thing I'd ever done? Why was it impossible to suffocate this raging anger inside me?

The meeting concluded, each one of them shuffling out like a funeral procession. They were hoping this was their chance to oust me, to prove they'd been right about me from the start. Their deflated expressions brought me a special kind of joy.

What expression would be smeared across Delilah's face when she realized she'd finally crossed the wrong person? Would I finally be able to breathe? To be able to start over with Melissa?

I looked at Roman, and for the first time since we had known each other, I lied. "I know you're right. I can't change what's been done. I need to let it go."

I felt guilty as relief washed over him. It was like all these years he was teaching me this one lesson, and I'd finally passed the test.

I would let it go-right after I showed the world just who Delilah James really was.

Chapter Four

Melissa

Stacia: Let me know what he says about me stopping by. I'd like to meet the elusive billionaire. And see how the other half lives of course. ;)

The elevator raced to the top floor. I couldn't stop smiling. I didn't comprehend the true weight of keeping all this to myself. Logan was the best thing that had ever happened to me. Recounting all the ways I loved him and skimming over the delicious things he did to my body (despite Stacia's pouting) reminded me just how lucky I was to have found him. I almost wished that paparazzo had been waiting for me when Stacia and I finally emerged from Cafe de la Fleur. I had nothing to be ashamed of-and I wouldn't be bullied by him or anyone else. And if he didn't like it, he could take his camera and go straight to hell.

The only thing that would make everything perfect was if Stacia and Logan got along when they met. And maybe if my dad would finally show concern for me and not the way my actions reflected on him and Kaleidoscope.

Wishful thinking. The bitter aftertaste of our last encounter soured my stomach. The elevator beeped and I focused on happier things. I focused on a future where me and Logan could finally-

The loft was dark. Foreboding.

The fluorescent light shining in the elevator glued me in place. Common sense told me to calm down. Maybe Logan ran out to grab a drink. Or he could be lying down. I didn't have to spend too much time running through possible scenarios before a deep voice smoothed over the quiet.

"I'm in the bedroom."

I relaxed, letting out a nervous chuckle as I moved through the front entryway. I reached for the light switch.

"Did I say turn on the light?"

It wasn't a scold. If I didn't know any better, I'd say there was lust ebbing and flowing in his voice. My pulse quickened and a shiver ghosted up my spine. Even fully clothed, untouched by anything but his words, I knew I was wet. Drenched with need for him.

My fingers twitched against the cool plastic, sensing that we were venturing down a kinky road. I strummed the wall as I dropped my hand to my side.

He couldn't even see me, but he knew that I'd pause when I got off the elevator, knew my first reaction would be to turn on the lights. He was luring me to him. Who knew what he had in store?

"I know you're curious." His voice drifted from the direction of the bedroom, an amber glow lighting the way. I knew he was in there, waiting for me, and anticipation made me tremble.

This wait was torture-and I was loving every second of it.

I wet my lips and took a step forward, trying to get my bearings. "So if I fall and break my neck-"

"You'll always wonder what I had waiting for you."

He may as well have reached right inside my panties then and there. I was trembling, my breaths a low pant that veered dangerously close to hyperventilating as I moved closer.

"You're getting warmer."

Nerve endings fired like sparks when I stopped in the doorway. Dozens of candles illuminated his bedroom, surrounding a small bench that stood in the center. It was unassuming, nothing extraordinary-but in the hands of Logan Mason, even the most innocent item turned deliciously sinful.

I gasped when his hands gripped me, pulling me into his arms. Holding me so tight that I wanted to cry out in pain and tell him 'harder!' at the same time.

"Hi, beautiful," he whispered, taking my earlobe between his teeth.

My eyes fluttered shut as I melted into his embrace. I wanted to feel him in the dark, breathe in the way his fingers felt against my skin. I knew how badly he wanted me; his c**k was imprinted like a tattoo on my body. But his fingers took their time. They stroked my skin, bringing me to life, then deepened as he pulled me closer. The world was exploding in rhythmic pulses, throbbing need radiating from my center.

"Are you mine, Melissa?" he breathed huskily. "Mine to do with as I wish?"

"Yes," I moaned as his hands rounded my br**sts. Pierced through the fabric of my T-shirt and bra and clamped onto my ni**les. They were swollen and aching, tender to his touch. "I'm yours."

"Strip."

I tore off my clothing, hurling the pieces behind me before he had time to tell me to take it slow. When I turned to face him, bare and exposed, I saw the cuffs and rope on his bed. It felt like an eternity since we took on the roles that drew us to each other in the first place. We'd enjoyed each other since the tryst in his office, and it was hot and sexy...but this was my bliss. Surrendering control to him. Trusting him.

He took my hand and led me to his bedside. He attached the cuffs to my ankles and wrists then picked up the rope. It was red, glimmering in the golden dark. He beckoned for me to follow him, guiding me to the bench. Up closer I saw it was padded, black embroidery weaving through the ivory colored cushion.

"Lie on the bench, chest facing the floor."

Swallowing, feeling the heat of the candles, I shuffled toward the bench. I straddled it at first, the cushion relaxing the nerves that bundled in the pit of my stomach, and then I lowered my upper body until my br**sts were mashed against the bench and my arms dangled down to the floor. The O ring on the cuffs glittered like diamonds in the dark.

I had so many questions. What was the rope for? Would he bind me with it? Spank me with it? The curiosity made me tingle from head to toe, waiting with bated breath for his next move.

I jumped when the rope hit the floor, the sound cutting through the silence. I felt a gentle tug on the cuff, one of my legs snug against the leg of the bench. My other leg followed suit.

His legs appeared out of the corner of my eye, still wrapped in his expensive trousers. I watched him loop the rope through the ring on the cuffs and secure it to the bench. When he was done, I gingerly pulled at the cuffs to no avail. I was strapped to the bench.

"Your submission is a beautiful thing, Melissa. Giving yourself over to me. Surrendering." His fingertips danced down my spine. Lingered on the globes of my ass. "There's nothing more beautiful."

As he teased me, turning me inside out with lust, I realized that this was the ultimate escape. When I submitted to him, I wasn't caught up in all the voices in my head; day-to-day worries faded to a whisper and when he began, it was silenced altogether. He bound my body, and it made my soul soar.

I felt him behind me, as surely as the blood coursed through my veins. As surely as my heart clenched and pulsed in my chest. As surely as I was his. And he was mine.

His hand rounded the curve of my ass, fingertips fanning out to clutch it tight.

There was one thing we hadn't done. Sure, he'd given me a few spanks in his office, but nothing . It was as if he knew exactly how far to go, how far to push. My body vibrated with the realization of why we hadn't used this bench yet nor done any intense spanking. He didn't want me to break.

He knew I wasn't ready.

I didn't have those doubts in my head anymore. My desire to be dominated didn't make me a weirdo. Even in the dark, his touch told me I was wanted and needed.

Giving Logan my body to use as he saw fit didn't make me weak. There was a strength in me that burned like the candles all around us. The strength to give myself to my lover. A nakedness that was more than a lack of clothing. As his submissive, I was stripped down to the very essence of me.

"This is going to be more intense than anything you've ever experienced, Melissa. But you're safe with me. If anything becomes too much, you say red and we'll stop. No questions asked. No explanation required."

My first instinct was to say okay. Yes. Anything that kick started the terrifying bliss I knew was waiting for me just beyond the pain. But I hadn't forgotten the rules.

I took a breath. "Yes sir."

His moan was low and pleasing as his fingers strummed my heated flesh. "Let's begin."

The first smack was firm. It sent a gasp through me that made my hands spring open and my toes dig into the hardwood floor. The second found the exact location of the first. The third set the cheek on fire, and I cried out. He waited, and when I remained silent, a fourth had me gritting my teeth. When his hand left my skin I braced myself for the fifth, but instead he gently rubbed my skin. Soothing it. I thought there was only that hand. Only the pain-but his other hand glided over my ass and spread my cheeks, finding my juicy warmth.

His fingers sunk inside my pu**y and my eyes rolled back in my head. I wanted him deeper, so deep that I could feel him all around me. I rolled my hips...and a flash of pain cut through the pleasure. The pain spread out from the first point of impact, a chain reaction that was met with maddening pleasure. It was a battle of desires; pain and pleasure at war to determine who staked a claim on my body. Just when I was sure that the pain was all there was, too unbearable, he'd hit a new angle inside me and the ecstasy had me moaning, begging for more.

I bucked against my binds, suddenly feeling the fragility of the bench as I shook like a caged thing so close to freedom. I knew I should ask for permission to come, but this orgasm was within reach and it robbed me of the ability to speak. I was on fire for him. He was everything; this beautiful pain was my salvation.

He knew me and I heard him unbuttoning and unzipping, clawing at his clothing like a feral need was overwhelming, too. I wanted him so badly.

My hold on the bench slackened until my limbs hung loose and free. The feeling of calm, of catching my breath was short lived. He pulled me up by my hair. My body was slick against his as his lips devoured my neck.

"Tell me to f**k you," he breathed wildly. "Tell me you need me to f**k you."

"Please f**k me, Logan," I begged. I begged with my lips, then I kneeled over the bench and begged him with my body.

His fingertips dug into my h*ps as he gripped me. I was empty without him. He slammed his c**k inside me and I was complete. He took me with abandon and when I asked to come, asked for release, he set me free. I felt his warmth coursing inside me in time with the hot pulses of my body.

Spent and whole again, we staggered toward the bed and collapsed into the tangled sheets.

His fingers pulled through my hair, his heartbeat still an erotic thunder that radiated from his chest. This was it. This was the happiness that I'd been looking for from the start.

"I can't think of a single thing that would make my life more complete," I said softly.

The stroking stilled and I lifted my head, gazing at my lover.

And then my heart stopped.

It didn't skip a beat. It skipped the entire chorus.

In the throes of passion, I'd forgotten about the drama with Delilah. I'd forgotten about the baby. The look on Logan's face wasn't the look of someone that was being brutally reminded of something they'd pushed to the back of their mind. My heart flopped in the pit of my stomach like a fish out of water. Gasping for air, just wanting to go back to the moment before when my head was against his chest. When he was a part of me and nothing else mattered.

I thought the darkness was part of the experience. Foreplay. But now I saw that was just a ruse. I would have seen his face, the shadows and torment hardening everything to stone. I would have known that as much as I wanted him, the last thing he needed was sex. He needed to talk.

I braced my hand on his chest, eyes boring into his. "Don't shut me out, Logan."

His green eyes usually reminded me of the forest: lush and green and wild. But now they were the color of some far off jungle where danger lurked. Lying in wait for the perfect moment to rip your throat out.

"You don't want to hear what I have to say."

"Of course I do." I frowned, pulling myself up. "I don't want any secrets. I can handle it."

His bitter chuckle made my blood run cold. He folded his arms behind his head. "No, you can't. You could barely handle me raising my voice at Mackenzie." He tossed his gaze to me. "You won't understand what I have to do."

The impact of his words was fierce and immediate. The walls came tumbling down, ripping my heart out as I was left to see that he wasn't on the road to healing.

He was declaring war against Delilah James.

"Whatever you're planning to do," I whispered, keeping my voice low so he wouldn't catch the fear. "Don't do it. You're better than this."

His face darkened as he scowled at the ceiling. "Don't be a child, Melissa."

"A child?" I hissed. I tried to keep my anger in check, but it was spreading all over me. Why couldn't he see that retaliating against her was sinking to her level?

But somewhere, he did realize it. He had to, because he couldn't look me in the eye. That was the part of him that made me take a deep breath and try again. "You'll regret it. You're better than this," I repeated.

He locked his jaw. Stubborn. Determined. "No, I'll regret singing "Kumbaya" after she set out to destroy me. And all of it started because I didn't love her." When he finally looked at me again, I wished that he hadn't. This wasn't the Logan I fell in love with. This Logan was cold and brutal. "But I love you. You-a woman who claims she loves me. Knows me. But if that were true, you wouldn't expect me to let this go."

My throat burned with suffocating emotion. We were approaching perilous territory. When anger gets the best of you, things are said that you don't mean. True intentions or not, there was no taking it back. Hurtful words can't be unsaid.

Just get some air. Give him some space.

But I was just as stubborn. I had to make him understand.

"I do know you-"

"When was the moment I knew that I wanted to go into business?" He lunged from the bed, standing tall as the dark shadows twisted and contorted his face into something terrible. "Where's the scar from the first time my mother hurt me? How old was I when I lost my virginity? Hell, what's my favorite band?" He didn't wait for me to answer. He didn't want an answer. He wanted to prove a point.

He wanted to break my heart.

"You know what I let you know, which isn't very much. Because you don't want to see the ugly." He spread his arms wide. "This is me. I don't let people walk all over me. I don't grin and bear it. I'm not like you."

I covered my mouth, stifling the gasp. I made a vow and I kept it-I let it go no further than my fingers.

I forced the tears back even though they were begging to spill. To lament over the fact that I'd been so sure that he was the one. That we were right for each other.

I rose from the bed, standing tall. Taller than I'd ever stood in the face of someone that made me feel insignificant. "You're right. I don't know you. Revenge is the easy route. It takes nothing to get back at someone who wrongs you. It takes everything to walk away."

Chapter Five

Logan

I pretended I didn't notice that Melissa left.

It was more than the clothes that she draped at the foot of the bed were gone That her purse wasn't propped on the counter. Her fresh, floral scent didn't linger in the air. The lack of her things tormented me. It was a bitter reminder that I had something good, something beautiful...and I ruined it. The wilted petals gusted right out the door, along with the love of my life.

I went to the liquor cabinet, opting for the bourbon. I filled my glass to the brim and brought it to my lips. Me, lamenting about the love of my life. A month ago that would have been laughable, but here I was.

There was no point in fighting it. Now was the time for drinking and regret. To get all the shit clouding my head locked down so I could do what needed to be done when Delilah strutted in, with more lies hot on her tongue. Thoughts of her reminded me of the repercussions of her actions.

I had no delusions of pleasantness when it came to the board meeting. They'd been trying to push me out, coaxing me to enjoy the fruits of my labor. They wanted me to hand the reins over and take a long vacation.

Our last merger got bad press after one of the long time employees of the acquired company sobbed about the dissolution of hometown values and having their history wiped away with a mere signature. It just made me want to work harder. But when I was blindsided by Delilah and her bloodthirsty fans, I decided that some time off to clear my head was warranted.

At the last board meeting, polite suggestions were no longer on the table. They sat down, looked me in the eye, and said they wanted to buy me out. I'd stared each one of them down and said I wasn't going anywhere. The bad press handed them the brass balls I didn't think they possessed. They brought up the fine print. If they could unanimously vote that my direction and leadership of the company had a negative impact on the company's brand and/or profits, they could have me replaced as CEO.

Before this Delilah bullshit, I could say with absolute certainty that Roman would never vote me out. But our talk before the meeting just confirmed the fact that I was under a lot of pressure. Instead of worrying about our business interests, I worried about the baby. If I was being honest, my head wasn't in the game. But that would all change after I got Delilah on record, admitting that she lied about the baby. I'd be vindicated.

Melissa's face flashed in my head, sadder than I'd ever seen it. Her eyes were liquid blue, lip trembling as she fought to keep it together. She told me I was better than this.

I wanted to believe I was better than this. I wished that I could just walk away. But in Delilah's lies, I saw every bully who'd ever seen me as an easy target until I fought back. I was older, richer, but the need to prove myself was just as strong. I wouldn't let some actress change my legacy. She didn't deserve to be let off the hook.

I put down the empty glass, refilling it and toasting no one in particular. I should get used to being alone after all. After Melissa, no one else would do.

As if she knew I was indescribably low and wanted to kick me while I was down, my cell drummed on the counter.

Delilah: We're downstairs!

"We're?" I muttered, rolling my eyes as I imagined some elaborate posse spilling out of the elevator. I told her this was an important conversation. The conversation that would tip the scales. She hadn't always traveled in a pack. I had no patience for theatrical celebrities, playing it up like they were on camera at all times, and she knew that. So why would she-

We're. We.

My chest tightened. It was so obvious. Right in line with the perfect little family fantasy she'd concocted. She was referring to herself and the baby.

Any guilt that the alcohol had inspired evaporated.

Me: come on up.

I dropped the glass, my hand trembling. The urge to break something, to have that cathartic release, was overwhelming, but I used the time instead to camouflage the device that would capture the truth. It was the size of a penny and inconspicuous on a stack of folders on the countertop.

I shoved an angry hand through my hair as the elevator signaled the oncoming invasion. I made a point to avoid all reflective surfaces, not wanting anything to deter me from the end goal. I was so close to being free of Delilah and ending this whole charade.

But what does that freedom mean? What's the point if you become the person you said you'd never be again? What good was any of it without Melissa?

"Honey, I'm home!"

Delilah's high-pitched voice and poor attempt at a joke were like nails screeching across the chalkboard. It was hard to fathom a time when her mere presence didn't make me feel violently ill. I wasn't one to carry around regret. Regret was like a stone in your gut; a painful thing that did more harm than good. But one look at her face, watching her stroke her stomach with those bright green eyes that used to drive me wild, and I regretted ever laying my eyes upon her.

The brightness flickered as she stopped a few feet shy of the doorway. The magazine-ready smile was still glued to her face. I never gave her enough credit-she was a great actress. She did a bang up job convincing me that she was a human being.

The anger overwhelmed me when my eyes dropped to her stomach. Why was it that today was the day that I could actually make out the curve of the baby growing inside of her?

"How are you?" she chirped, her eyes trying to discern what was off. Me being cold and standoffish was nothing new for her, but she could sense there was something else.

I could play with her like she'd played with me, but I just wanted to be done with all of it. So I snatched away her leverage.

"I know, Delilah."

The smile twitched. The hand dropped to her side. I forced my eyes to stay locked on her face. I couldn't bear to look at her stomach and remember what I had lost.

When her face fell, I sighed with relief. I thought I'd have to force the truth out of her, but maybe she'd show some sign of decency and just come clean.

She sniffed, tucking her crimson bangs behind her ears. She looked me dead in the face with nothing but innocence in her emerald green eyes. "You know what, love?"

The anger in me was slowly becoming rage. I felt the heat of it searing the soles of my feet. The flames licked my legs. Fury scorched my belly. My heart was already ash. When I spoke, my voice was dark as brimstone. "You're really going to stand there, look me in my face after what you've done, and still lie to me?"

Her face narrowed in confusion as she eased forward. "Baby, I have no idea what you're-"

"Stop right there."

She froze, her eyes widening like she'd hit some invisible trip wire. The slightest movement on her part, and all hell would break loose.

She was caught.

The curtains fell. The show was over. I saw it in her face, the quivering of her lips as she struggled to find her next words.

"Let me explain," she eked out, crestfallen.

It took massive self-restraint to not reposition the stack of papers. Tell her to speak up so the whole world could see how psychotic she really was. Instead, I bided my time. Quietly rejoiced in my small victory...the game was over. "No more bullshit?"

She chewed on her bottom lip, color returning to her face. The color of shame. "No more bullshit."

"Just so we're on the same page," I growled. "What exactly are you explaining to me?"

She shuffled forward like a doomed woman taking her final steps toward her fate. "It's bad enough that you know, that you see-" She choked on the word and covered her face, drawing a sob-filled breath. "That you see what I've become."

If she was expecting pity or mercy, she was barking up the wrong tree. She could cry every tear she could muster, tear out her hair, fall to the floor wailing for my forgiveness, and she'd come up wanting. "This was no accident, Delilah. You made your bed, now lie in it-admit what you've done."

Tears turned her eyes to glass. It shattered as she looked down at her stomach, clutching it with both hands. "The baby's not yours."

"I didn't catch that," I seethed, glaring her down.

She snapped her head up, her eyes wild and crazed. Cheeks drenched, mouth open in a silent cry of pain.

"The baby's not yours!!!"

It was a screech that stabbed my ears. Cut out my heart. I turned my back to her, unwilling to let her see just how much it hurt. "But you went on national television and told the world I was the father. You screamed that I was the father to anyone that would listen. Logan Mason, billionaire playboy who wants nothing to do with his child, right?"

"Do you remember that little Vietnamese place near Golden Gate Park?"

I tilted my head in her direction, genuinely caught off guard. "What?"

She advanced, her steps hollow and heavy. "The hole in the wall with the sticky menus and the picnic tables indoors?"

My throat knotted, the breath I wasn't aware I was holding festering. My silence was my reply. Of course I remembered the place. Huge bowls of pho and piping hot tea. She'd talk about her past and with each return trip, each bowl, I'd get closer to telling her something about mine. But then the paparazzi got wind of us, and I realized that the girl who talked about growing up in a trailer and feeling so alone was just a shadow. A trick of the light.

She was right beside me, her voice low and pleading. "Please let me at least explain why. It's because I love you, Logan. I-I thought that if we had this baby, this one perfect thing that was ours, maybe you would love me, too." She gripped my arm, her touch filled with desperation. With a hope she had no right to feel. "I know I shouldn't have lied about the baby. I just wanted things to go back to the way they were."

It was almost sad. Heartbreaking, if I still had any pieces that I wanted to waste on her. There never was an us, or a 'way they were'. She brushed the surface, but I never let her in. I never loved Delilah James.

I got what I wanted-the truth. I owed her nothing.

"This is where we part ways, Delilah. From this moment on, you don't exist to me." I ignored her gasp. The way she snatched her hand away like I'd just shot an electric current through her system. I didn't even want to see if the gravity of what she'd done had sunk in. I could feel her pain, and the only way to make her feel mine was to be silent. Pretend there wasn't a part of me that cared about her once.

The elevator sounded and I breathed in. Exhaled. I pushed a hand through my hair and tightened my tie. Vindicated, I strode to the counter and picked up the small disk, sliding it into my pocket.

All the noise in my head was finally silenced. The ache of what I lost was easier to bear.

And then I saw the white shirt of mine that Melissa wore, balled up in one of the chairs. I rooted myself in place, fighting the urge to bring the wrinkled thing to my nose and inhale her scent, to hold it in my arms and-

And what? I made my choice.

The proof of Delilah's lie burned a hole in my pocket.

I made the right choice.

Tit for tat.

But if this was right, why did I feel like I was holding a grenade?

Chapter Six

Melissa

Life without Logan was unbearable.

The seconds stretched into minutes that fell into days. When I finally looked at my calendar, I realized it had been a whole month since I'd even heard his voice. Inside, I was dying the slowest, most painful death. Death by heartbreak.

I went through the motions. I got up in the morning and made myself presentable; I did my job. I smiled. I pretended that every time my phone beeped or a new email landed in my inbox I wasn't praying that it was him. And every night when I curled up in bed alone, I fought the urge to reach out. What would it change? He chose revenge over me. He needed to hurt someone, more than he needed to start over with me.

He was willing to give me up.

And that was the thing that haunted me. He said he loved me. He'd been inside me, a part of me. He claimed me as his-and then he'd just tossed me aside.

I'd wanted Stacia to step up as the Logan Mason Sucks co-chair, but she declined the position. She encouraged me to reach out to him. She brought up his past, how desperately he must have wanted the baby, stress over work-but it was all irrelevant. What it all boiled down to was that we were done. Finished. He let me walk away.

I waited for the tone in the Delilah James baby watch stories to change. For whatever diabolical plan he had in store to come to fruition. But he was still the enemy. Sitting at the top of his multimillion-dollar building, strutting down the street to his company, living his life like he could care less about Delilah.

Like he could care less about me.

A big fat tear welled in my eye and slid down my cheek. I looked at my face, puffy and blotched, blonde tangles spilling over my shoulder. I snatched up my brush and went to work, yanking and tugging until I tamed my locks. I welcomed the jolts of pain, a pain that had nothing to do with my heart.

I whipped out my foundation and blush, attacking my cheeks and forehead until there was virtually no sign that I was falling apart. I lifted the sides of my mouth. This was an occasion for smiling, after all. Dad was having me over for dinner for the first time in almost a year.

I pulled on my blue cotton dress and slipped my feet into my brown sandals. I shut the lights off and tried to turn some happiness on-even though I knew this invitation was born out of worry. We'd been strictly business since I'd gotten back to Sacramento, just the way he liked it. I put on a grand show during business hours, smiled, gave killer pitches and impeccable presentations. I was the first one in the office and the last one to leave. And then last night Dad had poked his head in. He'd gruffly asked if I was free for dinner and I almost fell on the floor.

The drive to Arden Manor was swift and painless until I turned on Oak Drive. Panic gripped me as my car slowed to a crawl. I didn't know that I had it in me to walk through the door and pretend that I wasn't utterly broken. Shouldn't going home bring me some measure of peace? The calm in the storm, an escape from the rest of the world?

When he invited me over, I could have sworn I saw the slightest hint of concern in his eyes. There was a spark of hope in me that maybe he was worried, that he would finally be the father I needed. I stamped out the hope before I was infected. Hadn't I learned my lesson by now? How many times had he disappointed me? This was probably a celebratory dinner-not because I dodged a bullet with Logan, but because I was back at work, playing the role of dutiful daughter. It was the role I was born to play, after all. The only thing I had left.

I parked beneath the maple tree, gathering my confidence as I killed the engine. I'd get though the first course and claim I had a stomachache and bow out early. He'd get to pat himself on the back for putting forth minimal effort, and we could pretend that this half-ass relationship was something more than a farce.

I walked up the dimly lit pathway, not a leaf or blade of grass out of place. I planted both feet on the welcome mat and rang the doorbell.

I gasped when the door yanked open, like he'd been waiting and watching me from the window. If that wasn't weird enough, he was smiling. And not the phony Colgate smile on all of the Kaleidoscope promotion materials. Something real that made my heart pound and my stomach flop.

"Is everything okay, Dad?"

"Of course!" The smile broadened. He was always so intense, the fierce lines of his face harshly angular. His blue eyes were like jagged icebergs that sank any attempts to come to him with anything but good news. His salt and pepper hair, usually stiff and slicked back, was relaxed, framing his face in gentle waves. He was even in a polo and jeans. I gawked at him, feeling overdressed.

He held open the screen door. "Come on in."

"Thanks," I offered awkwardly, stepping into the entryway. The smell of garlic and bread wafted into my nostrils and I could have melted on the spot. I glanced at him shyly, not sure if I should clap my hands together with delight or pinch myself. "Is that what I think it is?"

"Chicken Alfredo," he confirmed with a nod. His smile wavered slightly. "It's still your favorite, I hope?"

I bit my lip to hide the tremor of happiness that rippled through me. He was the reason it was my favorite. I swore I could taste the love in every bite. I opened my mouth to tell him thank you when I heard the creaking of cabinets opening and closing.

I gave him a suspicious grin, putting it all together. The casual happiness, the nerves when he invited me to dinner-he was introducing me to someone! "We have company?"

The smile disappeared from his face. "Yes, but I should preface this by saying this is for your own good."

The pieces shifted, not lining up at all. "For my own good?" I brought a hand to my forehead, trying to dull the aching throb that resided behind my eyes. It always sprang to life when my dad walked into the room. "What's going on?"

He said nothing, clearing his throat as he walked past me, heading toward the dining room. "There's only one person I know of that knows you better than me, and that person is joining us for dinner."

Stacia couldn't keep something like this quiet, which meant-

No.

He wouldn't.

The throb engulfed my entire head, squeezing my brains until they oozed out of my ears.

He invited Jason to dinner.

My ex-boyfriend stepped into view, perfect blond hair with just the right amount of gel, coiffed like he was fresh from a hairstylist's care. No polo, a black t-shirt instead, with jeans that made me think of danger and a motorcycle tearing up the asphalt. He was different, but there was the same painstaking engineering. The perfection that used to drive me wild but was now just boring and predictable.

His blue eyes cornered me like I was an escaped animal that needed to be put back in my cage. "Don't freak out-"

"I guess you do know me," I snapped, nostrils flaring. "Because I'm about to freak the f**k out."

My father made a booming sound of displeasure. "Melissa Lauren-"

"No, Dad," I stopped the scold dead in its tracks. "You don't get to wag your finger at me. The F word is warranted in this situation." I turned to him. The man who shared my DNA. The only parent I ever knew, who, at the end of the day, seemed to excel at making me feel like I was nothing. "You never lifted a hand to strike me, but your words, or lack thereof, and your actions, have hurt me just as deeply."

Shock devastated him. He was visibly stunned, like I'd just spat in his face. I couldn't find a single f**k to give that he was hurt by my words. They were words that needed to be said. Over and over apparently, because they just weren't sinking in.

"Do you have any idea what you've done by asking him here? By staging this mockery of an intervention-"

"Don't be pissed at him," Jason pushed forward. His face was all innocence and light. "He just wanted to help."

"By inviting my ex-boyfriend to dinner? The ex-boyfriend who crushed me?" I could care less about Jason. He didn't even exist in my world. I spoke to my dad and my dad alone. "I loved him, Daddy. I know you know what I mean. I see the way your face softens and your voice changes when you talk about Mom. You would have moved heaven and earth for her. Well, I would have done anything for Jason. I twisted the person I was to be perfect for him-and then he fell in love with someone else."

I took a breath, expecting this to fall on deaf ears, just like every other attempt. Dad would stand there like a stone and tell me that I just needed to try harder. Failure was never an option in his eyes.

But the look on his face was like nothing I'd ever seen before. My dad was a stoic man, never allowing emotion to truly break through. But his whole body shook, like there was something deep and powerful rumbling inside him. When he looked past me and locked on his intended target, I almost felt bad for Jason.

Almost.

"You hurt my daughter?" he said tersely, launching himself forward.

Jason staggered backward, his words coming out like sputtering drips of water.

"I don't-I wouldn't-not-"

"You hurt my little girl?"

I watched my father transform before my very eyes. The talk that he never had with Jason was irrelevant. His complete ambivalence about my pain from my breakup, the shrug and words like 'unfortunate', seemed like they were said to someone else. There was no way that this man, this warrior who was glaring at Jason like he wanted to rip him apart, limb-by-limb, could be my dad.

But there he was, chest rising and falling rapidly, the muscles usually camouflaged by suits and ties fearsome. The military man was no longer grainy pictures hidden away in a box in his room, stacked beneath trinkets from my mother. That power and authority was no longer gleaned from a line of text in his bio, intended to suggest patriotism and a hard work ethic. He looked like he could do some serious damage-and his new mission was to destroy Jason Collier.

I shook myself from my stupor, springing into action. I stepped in front of my father and the tank ground to a halt. "You should go," I said to Jason. He gave no argument, becoming a flash of color that darted past my eyes and out the door. I gazed up at my father, tears burning my eyes.

"I am so sorry, Melissa." His voice was raw, his heart finally bared. The doors that were always closed to me were now open, sunshine streaming into the shadows. "I never would have asked him here if I truly knew." His face hardened. "And that billionaire-he hurt you too, and I let you come back here and work like that's all that mattered." He pulled me to his chest and the tears fell like rain. "I know I don't say it enough, but you're my daughter, Melissa. I love you. I should have protected you from this."

I pulled back, saw the soggy faces print I left on his shirt, and immediately felt mortified. "I'm sorry-"

"No, I'm the one that owes you an apology," he interjected softly. "I'm sorry that I made you feel that you couldn't come to me. I know I don't make it easy." His eyes were like liquid fire and he cleared his throat gruffly. "I'm not a machine, despite what people at the office may say and my actions may have led you to believe. I feel-but sometimes it's easier to just put that away instead of dealing with it." He tucked my bangs behind my ear and leaned forward, planting a kiss on my forehead. "When you feel like the world is falling apart all around you, you can always come to me." He held my gaze steady. "You can always come home."

It didn't matter how hard I wiped, the tears wouldn't stop coming. It was almost ironic; all this time all I wanted was for him to see me, for us to really talk, and I was at a complete loss for words.

He flashed me an understanding smile and nodded towards the dining room. "Now that the riffraff is gone, let's enjoy our dinner, shall we? You can tell me all about this Logan Mason, and after I'm done having a chat with Jason, I'll pay him a visit."

Oh dear. "I don't think Jason will be a problem again. You were his last-ditch effort."

I almost went to my usual spot. We sat on complete opposite ends of the table with this uncrossable distance between us. I picked up my plate and glass and put it beside his.

He brought over the utensils and a pitcher of lemonade. "And Logan?"

I fiddled with the utensils, my heart pumping erratically. "That's a little more complicated."

"I know that look," Dad said with a sad chuckle. "You're still in love with him."

I reached for the serving platter, suddenly wanting to stuff my face so I wouldn't have to say that I felt like I was missing a part of myself without him. That even if he went on this holy war with Delilah, I'd forgive him of every sin. I just wanted to be with him.

I spun the noodles around my fork and shoved it in my mouth. There it was. Culinary bliss. Escape.

"Wow, this is delicious!"

He studied me, wise to my timely subject change. "Okay, Melissa."

We ate in silence for a few moments, then we talked about work and movies and news and everything in between.

For the first time in weeks, I smiled like I meant it.

Chapter Seven

Logan

The car pulled to a stop in front of the old Victorian. It had been over a decade now, but it felt like yesterday when I looked out the window with similar apprehension. Back then I was thirteen years old. The system had chewed me up and spit me out more times than I could count. The routine was always the same. The social worker would dump me on some husband and wife that fell somewhere on the spectrum of not giving a damn and barely giving a damn. I wouldn't waste my time acting like we were going to live happily ever after, and I'd get rehomed, like some inconvenient pet on Craigslist. When the social worker pulled up to 3103 Bakers Avenue in Omaha, I'd been prepared for more of the same, but instead, the Brysons surprised me.

I was greeted by Rose Bryson and her husband Johnny, both of them with wiry red-brown hair, bright-colored clothing, and bright smiles with their rainbow colored Victorian. They were older than most of the foster parents I had been foisted on. Rose had these deep lines in her face that went deeper still when she smiled. Their kids were in college, and for the first time ever, I wasn't one of a sea of paychecks. They treated me like family from day one.

I thanked the driver and left the comfort of the car. I pushed through the old iron gate, eyeing the overgrown yard disapprovingly. I moved up the steps, pausing on the last one when I felt a bit of a dip. I started making a list in my mind. Hire a landscaper, find a contractor to fix the stairs-

Rose opened the door before I could even knock. "Logan!"

My name remained the same on her tongue. Something happy. Celebratory. But not even Rose's love could blot out the memory of my birth mother hissing my name like a curse.

She smiled big, holding open both arms. I used to dart away from the show of affection, but with time I returned it, squeezing once before I made my escape. I held her tight this time, a sharp pain squeezing my chest when I realized how small she'd gotten.

I stepped back, eyes narrowing over her. "You're all skin and bones."

She waved away the concern. "I can still eat anybody under the table." She led the way into the house, shuffling her feet across the ancient wood floors.

Have the floors refinished.

"Don't you even think about sending a bunch of people over to the house," she scolded, reading my mind. "I get by just fine."

I took in my surroundings. It had been a couple of years since I'd been back home, but it seemed like a lifetime had passed. Everything seemed covered in dust and hanging onto its last gasps of life.

"Have you been getting the checks?" I asked, even though I knew she had.

"Of course," she said, flipping on the light in the kitchen. She pointed at the chair where she had a glass of milk waiting for me. "Not sure what you expect me to buy that costs twenty thousand dollars a month, but I deposit every one, just in case."

"Well, you could take a trip. Or come out to see me," I offered.

"You know, me and Johnny always wanted to go to Hawaii." She paused, her head lowered with so much sadness on her face that I would have given everything I had to bring him back. He was just as kind and giving as Rose, and together they managed to love each other fiercely and still have enough love to make me feel like I wasn't a mistake. That I had worth and a purpose.

He passed away two years ago, cancer eating away at him until there was nothing left but the ashes that she kept on her mantle.

My eyes darted over to the fireplace, picturing him curled up in the beat-up recliner, reading some dusty book. I brought my hand to the light, my fingers smudged with dust.

A maid.

The plate of cookies snapped their chocolate chip fingers. When I met Rose's steel gray gaze, warmth flooded my face. I was a grown man, the head of a multibillion-dollar company, and one look from her made me want to hang my head like I was a kid again.

"You can go ahead and cancel the cavalry that's going to swoop in here and save me, kiddo." She pulled a chair across the stained linoleum and plopped down beside me.

"But I have means," I insisted. "I can give you whatever you require-"

"What I require isn't huffing and remodeling and robbing this place of all its character," she winked. Her wrinkle-lined face went solemn. "What I need is your love, son. And the last time I checked, that was free."

I covered her hand with my own, twinges of love and fear of every moment that passed that would lead to me saying goodbye to her, too. Love wasn't free at all. It cost little pieces of yourself every time you said those three words. It's why I'd never said them aloud. But I loved Rose Bryson. I loved her so much it brought me pain to see the flash of pain crease her face when she moved, or the tears that filled her eyes when she talked about Johnny, or the children she birthed who barely visited. But I could cast no stones-I could visit more often. I had the means...but coming home brought up too many good memories. And I couldn't remember the good without reliving the bad memories that paved the way for them to happen in the first place.

She covered my hand with her free one, giving it a squeeze before she pulled away and pushed the plate of cookies closer. "These aren't going to eat themselves."

I took a bite out of it, the chocolate bringing my taste buds to life. I'd helped her make these exact cookies countless times, so much so that I could make them with my eyes closed. I'd even tried replicating it, but something was always missing.

I washed it down with a gulp of the milk. "Thanks."

"You're welcome. Now tell me what's happened."

A smile cut its way across my lips. She was never one to mince words. Straight shot, cut and dry. "I'm sure you've seen a hint of it on Access Hollywood."

She smirked, a blush racing through her cheeks. "Even if I watched that show, which I don't, I'm not watching much of anything since the TV died." She held up a finger before I could say I'd have one delivered tonight if she wanted it. "I don't need a television. How about you give me the news the old-fashioned way?"

"I met someone." Melissa. I saw her in my mind so clearly. Her hair like spun gold, wrapped around my fist as I pulled her lips to mine. I didn't give her the release that she craved. That I craved. My eyes touched every curve of her beautiful face, then I kissed those lips that were the sweetest thing I'd ever tasted. I got a hold of myself. Getting an erection with Rose waiting anxiously for more information wasn't my idea of a good time.

That would include Melissa, silk rope, and the spanking bench.

"So you met someone," Rose ventured. "That's not a good thing?"

"Melissa is a great thing," I cut in quickly. "The best thing. She's feisty and funny and a puzzle that gets more complex and beautiful the further I..." The hollowness came back. The emptiness that made me pull up her number, finger hovering above the phone icon.

"You love her," Rose said softly. She handed me a second cookie. "More milk?"

"You got anything with a kick?"

"Are we celebrating? You're in love-"

"And then the baby happened." When her eyes bulged from her skull, probably hearing the word 'Grandma', I tacked on the addendum. "There is no baby anymore. Not for me anyway. A woman I saw before I met Melissa tried to use the baby to revive our relationship."

She patted my hand and moved soundlessly to the cupboard beside the fridge. She came back with a bottle of Kahlua. I was tempted to ask her how old it was but decided that I didn't care much. She poured a few dollops in mine, then sat back down.

"What a terrible thing to do to you," she clucked her tongue unhappily.

"Because I'm clearly not ready for a child?" I said bitingly.

"Because you have so much love to give."

I frowned, studying her for some sign that maybe I needed to put a trip to the doctor on the list. "Me? You must be kidding. I fought you and Johnny at every turn. And out of all of the shit I've dealt with, if anyone was deserving of anything resembling love, it's the two of you."

She ruffled my hair, her bony fingers tousling my hair like she'd done countless times. I usually shook off her touch in a huff, but I let her love in. "The harder you pushed, the clearer it became. You loved us so much that you were terrified of losing us. The barrier you built around yourself was because we'd burrowed our way beneath the wire. Loving terrifies you, because you have such a big heart. And when you have a big heart, being hurt hits you that much harder."

I shot to my feet, turning my back on her. The emotion, it was unbearable. All these weeks of feeling nothing but anger at Delilah, anger at myself, and regret at ever letting Melissa walk out of my door when I promised I wouldn't let her go again. And now Rose-

Her frail arms wrapped around my midsection. "It's going to be okay."

The emergency alerts blared in my head, my arms jutted out awkwardly, unmoving, afraid that if I moved, if I wandered down this road, the only thing left would be tears that I refused to cry. No weakness, no prisoners, no-

Use.

She was holding me tight, not letting me go.

Not just Rose. Not just the foster parent that didn't send me away. She was the woman that chose to be my mother. The woman who saw past my scowls and fights at school and saw the cry for help. The kid that was just begging for someone to give a damn.

When I turned back to her, she lifted her fingers to my cheeks and smiled. I cleared my throat, standing up tall. "Allergies."

"They say it's especially terrible this year," she said with a sly grin. She pulled her cardigan close and worked her way towards the living room. "I know enough about all the ugly in the world to know something good when I see it. You're a good person, Logan. And I saw the way your face lit up when you talked about Melissa." She stopped in front of the mantle with a sigh. "I can still remember you walking through that door, so angry. So sure you didn't deserve anything good, or to be happy." She looked back at me, tears glittering in her eyes. "You know one of the last things Johnny said? 'Don't let Logan believe that it's okay to put love off. Love is worth more than all the riches in the world.'"

I loosened my tie, loneliness circling my heart. Tightening its hold on me. "I had love. I was the one that threw it away, because I was too stubborn to let go of my anger."

"And have you called her? Tried to make it right?"

She said it so simply. So casually.

"It's not that easy."

She looked puzzled, dusting her hands off. "I thought technology advanced over the years? Whole phone books in the palm of your hand." She gave me a stern look. "You still have her number? Call her up. Better yet, go to her. Don't live a life of regret, son. Life's too short for that nonsense." She moved back into the kitchen like she was on a mission. She pulled a cloudy-looking Tupperware container from her cabinet and went back to the table, putting the cookies inside.

"Cookies for later?"

"Cookies to go." She clicked it shut and held it out to me. "You came to see me for a kick in the rear, so here it goes. You can't wait for divine intervention. If you want love, if you want Melissa, go get her."

I couldn't help but laugh until I realized she was being dead serious. "Just like that, eh?"

"Just like that." She beckoned for me to lean down and planted a kiss on my cheek. "Maybe I'll come see you two in the city sometime."

I wasn't completely on board with this scenario yet, but my heart was already on a plane, flying to SMF International Airport.

She shepherded me to the door, reminding me to not send a bunch of people to be a nuisance and disrupt her organized chaos.

I gave her another hug, holding tighter this time. "It was great to see you, Mom." The word sprung from my lips and when I realized what I'd said, a sob cut through me.

She reached up and fixed my tie, her lips quivering. When she stepped back, she was beaming. "It's about time."

Chapter Eight

Melissa

I'd given countless presentations before my colleagues and complete strangers, and I still got butterflies right before a pitch meeting. I threw back my bottle of water, running through the generic fact sheet about Kaleidoscope. We were far from the biggest firm in the Greater Sacramento area, but that gave us the flexibility to treat every client like a VIP. We'd helped clients weather all sorts of PR disasters, from product recalls to CEO gaffes. My team and I usually spent the days leading up to our first meeting with a new client researching and finding the right angle to help them see Kaleidoscope was the perfect fit. This client was a last-minute addition, a local CEO interested in media coaching.

I polished off my water and rose from my chair, smoothing my hair back and running my hands over my skirt.

"Ready to go?" Dad stood in the doorway, smiling from ear to ear.

"We're going to knock 'em dead," I said brightly.

"With you at the wheel, how could he not fall in love?"

I frowned as I followed him toward the conference room. Since our dinner, Dad had been more approachable, less intense. But he never used pronouns to describe our clients. They were always Dietnem Motors. The Gale Brook Foundation. Roberts Cola. He was always the consummate professional.

I shook it off as the marketing team filed into the room and I followed. I was just nervous. I'd get into the zone once the client sat at the end of the table and we got the ball rolling.

I pulled out a chair in a neutral position and sat down, with paper to jot down notes that had a few talking points scrawled at the top. I scanned the room curiously, picking up on everyone seemingly in a great mood. They all flashed me toothy grins when they met my gaze.

"Weird," I muttered, heat stirring in my cheeks.

"He's here!"

"Can't believe he's actually coming to this building."

"This is like something straight out of a movie."

When my father pulled out a chair beside mine instead of his usual spot at the head of the table, I knew something was up. He covered my hand with his.

"I know the last time I tried to call in reinforcements, it was the wrong choice. But I talked to him." He stroked his chin. "It dawned on me that I never had such a conversation with Jason. That was remedied-this one will be the last one because I informed him if he breaks your heart again, I'll break his legs."

Oh my God.

The room spun and flipped upright.

It couldn't be.

I looked over Dad's shoulder and met the deep green eyes that always seemed to look right into my soul. To know everything about me. To hold all the passion, love, and hope that I thought had gone out of the world the minute I walked away.

"Logan," I whispered. How was it possible that I felt faint and at the same time, I could run laps around the building? I wanted to leap for joy but stayed right where I was, just in case this was a trick. Just in case I was dreaming.

But in my dreams, he didn't smile. And there it was, his thick delicious lips spreading, and anyone with a pulse let out a collective sigh, completely enthralled by him.

I tracked him with my eyes. Black suit, crisp white shirt beneath, and a slender gray tie. His hair was cropped shorter than I remembered, but the wisps still spilt on his forehead, giving him a playful air. But his eyes were molten and the games we'd play weren't for children. They involved rope and blindfolds and paddles and moans that shattered me until he drove inside and put me back together again.

I tore my eyes from him. Of course I was attracted to him. Lusted for him. That was never in question. But I needed more. I needed him to be playing for keeps.

"Thank you for having me today." His voice was cool water washing over me, steam rising from my heated flesh. "I've been going through a bit of a PR nightmare."

I bit the inside of my jaw, wringing my hands in my lap. So this was a business meeting then. I was going to have to excuse myself because there was no way I could sit here and be professional when I'd been longing for this moment.

And then my father put a hand on my shoulder. I tugged my chin from my chest, and he gave me the strength to turn my attention back to the front.

Back to Logan.

He was looking right at me. No one else existed in the room.

"I believe my issue was that I avoided the press. While silence is generally the best avenue to de-escalate the situation, I know now that I should have held press conferences and interviews of my own. I should have shouted from the rooftops that I found something more rare and precious than anything in this world."

Excited whispers echoed around the room as people streamed in, all holding bouquets of red roses. Dozens of them. I stopped counting when I hit the fifteenth person and whirled back to face Logan.

"A bouquet for every day that we were apart, Melissa," he explained tenderly. "I said 'no comment', but I should have said that I found the love of my life. That she's the best part of living because she loves me despite my faults. She challenges me, sees the better man that I never knew existed. And without her, I am utterly lost."

I shook relentlessly, trying to keep the cork on the bottle. Trying to not become a sobbing mess right here and now. "D-Delilah-"

"Is no longer my concern," he finished. He glanced at the doorway, a final person entering the room with a single rose. He thanked her and took the rose, moving toward me. I knew I was in trouble. This display? He was forgiven for every sin he committed now and ever would.

Probably.

I wiped the tears from my cheek as he held the rose out to me. "This rose is for our future, along with a promise that my love for you is everlasting."

I sniffled along with everyone else, feeling so overwhelmed by love and hope that I could barely keep my feet on the ground. I leapt into his arms, the rest of the room melting away as our lips met. That kiss was the start of something magical. Even when we were apart, he never left me, and I never left him.

When we caught our breath, nose to nose, searching each other's soul as my coworkers whooped and whistled, I realized that we had something greater than forever. I was his, and he was mine.

Always.

*

Epilogue

Logan

I plated the asparagus just so, the bright green stalks contrasting beautifully with the rich darkness of the filet mignon and puree. The candle flickered as I rushed to make sure everything was perfect.

She was waiting in the car, blindfolded, and from the way she squirmed when I stroked her thigh, dripping wet.

Tonight, I wanted all of her.

Tonight, everything had to be perfect.

I remembered the first time we came to this beach. She'd practically run away from me when she found out that I was the billionaire that broke Delilah James' heart. Things were already so intense with Melissa and I, even though we had only known each other for a number of days. I had loved her then, watching her look out at the ocean, struggling with her demons. I struggled with my own, and in that moment I let her in. It hadn't been easy, but we made it work.

I moved through the sand toward the car where she waited for me. Months had passed since I went to Kaleidoscope and we started over again. The headlines grew more brutal, the board grew more restless.

And then the truth broke out.

Mackenzie went on the very show where Delilah had first shared her version of warped truth. She revealed that I wasn't the father of Delilah's baby. As quickly as they tried to ruin me, the photographers abandoned me in search for a juicier story.

Then who is the baby's father?

Mackenzie spoke of a Sacramento local, but I could care less. I could breathe again, love my woman, without photographers hounding our every move.

I opened Melissa's door, stroking her cheek when she jolted in my direction. She clutched my hand excitedly. "I can smell the beach!"

"But not just any beach," I grinned. I helped her to her feet and guided her to the sand. "Step out of your sandals."

She obeyed, then gasped as the memory hit her. "But what if someone takes them?"

I held her face in my hands. "Then I'll buy you another pair." I pressed my lips against hers, tasting her. Breathing her in. I reached around and untied the blindfold.

Her cheeks were rosy in the amber glow of the lanterns that lined the street. "Candlelit dinner on the beach, eh?"

"Among other things," I said, licking my lips. Still tasting her there. I felt the weight of the thing in my pocket. I had a whole plan. We were going to have dinner and a glass of wine. I was going to spread her out and have her for dessert, then I was going to pull her into my arms and ask her the most important question I'd ever ask. But I couldn't wait one more minute.

"I have something to ask you."

Melissa paused in the sand, whipping back to me with stars in her eyes. She followed my hand to my pocket and when I pulled out the square box, her eyes were as big as the moon.

I kneeled in the sand before her, opening the box. "Will you mar-"

"YES!" she squealed, dropping to her knees in front of me. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed all the air from my lungs.

She slipped the ring on her finger and collapsed on the sand, laughing with tears streaming down her face. I slid next to her, propping my head on my hand.

"You barely let me get it out," I joked, happier than I ever thought was possible. "Maybe I was asking if you wanted to mark this occasion with a kiss."

She shoved me playfully. "Who says we still can't? A kiss for your lips-" Her eyes danced to my crotch. "And a kiss somewhere lower."

I kissed her a second time. This one hinted at all the things I wanted to do to her tonight, and all of the days and nights for the rest of our lives.

I grazed her lips with my own. "You're sure you want to put up with me, 'til death do us part?'"

"And beyond," she grinned, her face aglow.

Lying with her beneath the stars, I knew forever wouldn't begin to be long enough-but it was a good start.

