-1-

Vince Buchanan was a restless beast without a discernible outlet. His sharp gaze wandered the dim haze of the opulent underground and exquisitely private club, Malvagio, and a mildly amused but ultimately dissatisfied smile curved his lips as couples in various stages of undress fondled and teased one another with abandon. The sounds of gasps and moans mingled with the wild thump of the gothic music pumping in from hidden speakers and an occasional muffled scream echoed from a play room. He could easily imagine what was happening behind one of the few closed doors because often, he was the one meting out the punishment for the lovely subs begging for the kiss of his lash or the slap of his hand on pristine flesh. Was there anything sweeter than the sound of flesh meeting flesh and the resounding cry that followed as a round, bountiful ass jiggled from the impact? Vince didn't think so. He loved a woman's ass - more so after his palm had heated it. Malvagio was his den of iniquity, his blissful acceptance of sin in its myriad of forms and the balm to his ragged psyche - most nights.

Tonight was not one of those nights.

His life as of late had turned to utter chaos and not even the promise of a good, dirty fuck could set things right again.

He sighed and threw back the scotch in his hand, attracting the attention of his friend and fellow business partner, Laird Tiechert, who'd previously been enjoying the talents of his favorite pet, Sapphire, which wasn't her real name, of course, but her Malvagio personality.

"Saff," Laird drawled, motioning to Vince before he downed the contents of his own tumbler. "My friend could use a pick-me-up. He's been pouting all night. I'll bet you can put a smile on his sour face."

Sapphire, a young woman born to ridiculous wealth and perennially bored with all life had to offer by the tender age of fifteen, had finally been invited to Malvagio for her eighteenth birthday. The invitation, of course, had been secret and received with breathless anticipation as an invitation to the underground club was a closely guarded honor. And thus far, Sapphire hadn't disappointed her sponsor. The succulent little harlot had a tight body, loose morals, and an insatiable appetite, which ordinarily would've represented Vince's favorite qualities in a woman but these days, he was completely out of sorts. He blamed his brothers. Laird grinned as Sapphire, clad in a sapphire choker, matching heels and little else, knelt before Vince and her nimble fingers plucked at his trouser button, eager to free his cock for her greedy, red mouth but even though he enjoyed the idea of having his cock sucked immediately after the woman had sucked off his best friend - such a perverted bastard he was - his cock barely stirred.

"Someone doesn't want to play?" Sapphire pouted when she saw his flaccid cock.

"Maybe another time," Vince said.

"Maybe you just need some more encouragement," she countered with a coy smile and Laird chuckled.

Before Vince could dissuade her, Sapphire's lips covered his soft cock and a riot of pleasurable sensation followed. Laird signaled for the hostess and ordered two more rounds, all the while Sapphire sucked and licked, dutifully trying to rouse his cock. Although his member finally sparked to life, Vince knew it would take a while before he'd come because his mind wasn't engaged and gently disengaged Sapphire with a smile. "Darlin', it's me, not you," he said and she climbed to her feet with an unsure expression, her gaze darting to Laird as if she were afraid she'd displeased him. "Laird, assure your pet, her talents are sweet. I'm just in a shitty mood."

Laird sighed and nodded, reaching to pull her close by her collar. "I will punish you later," he promised in a dark but silky tone and then slapped her on the ass, sending her away.

"You're such a cruel Master," Vince said, chuckling. "Go easy on her."

"Don't worry about Sapphire. She puts on a good show but she loves getting paddled. She is the quintessential brat with daddy issues. God, I love her. You're missing out," Laird warned playfully, his gaze following his pet as she made her way through the throng of people to a private room to await her master. "So, what's really eating at you? I've never known you to turn down a blowjob from one of my pets. You know I have discerning tastes and would never offer you anything of a sub-par nature." Laird's expression turned to mock fear. "Good God, you're dying, aren't you? Joining the priesthood? Or worse yet, still whining about your little investment going down the drain thanks to that pesky older brother of yours?"

"Don't talk about Dillon or Penny. The walls have ears and besides, I don't even think about Penny that way anymore."

"Because she's about to burst with your brother's progeny or something else?" Laird asked solicitously. The man was an incorrigible bastard and one of the many reasons he and Vince got along famously. "I never knew you to be so squeamish."

"My lack of desire for Penny has nothing to do with the fact that she's pregnant, but rather the fact that Dillon would remove my head from my shoulders if I so much as glance at Penny in a sexual manner. And seeing as my relationship with my older brother has only recently become civil once again, I don't see the point in challenging his orders. Besides, Penny is now like my sister. And I don't go that way."

"Pity. Some sisters are hot," Laird responded with a shrug, his gaze alighting as the scantily-clad hostess returned with their drinks. "Ahh! Perfect timing. Tell me, gorgeous, what's your name?"

Her big eyes widened and she actually stammered a bit, which Vince found oddly endearing, and he took an extra second to regard the girl. "J-josie," she answered, placing their drinks on the small table between them. "Is there anything else you need?" Laird patted his knee with a lascivious glint in his eye and the girl's mouth fell open as she shook her head. "Sir?"

"Darling, have you forgotten where you are? You're in Malvagio. You can't play the blushing virgin within these walls because there's nothing more tantalizing to jaded wretches like us than a woman who hasn't had a cock between her thighs yet; we might devour a tasty morsel like that..."

"I..."

Vince could nearly see her shaking. The sequins on her hostess costume twinkled in the dim light, winking, as she trembled. Her blond hair tumbled in waves down her back, encouraging a good hold at the scalp, and he wondered briefly if she were in fact, a virgin. Admittedly, he had a thing for virgins - a weakness, one might call it. But, just as the idea sparked his slumbering libido, reality intruded. There was little chance at all this succulent piece of ass was untouched. No one came to Malvagio so sweet. Laird was right; they'd be eaten alive. But she was plainly nervous and Vince wasn't interested in forcing himself on a quaking girl with little sense in her head for putting herself in harm's way. "Leave her be, Laird. Go fuck your pet. This one isn't interested," he said with a bored drawl, motioning for the girl to be gone.

Once the girl had scuttled off, Laird turned to Vince with a speculative look. "Did you hire her? I know I didn't."

Vince searched his memory and came up curiously empty. "No, I didn't," he answered. "Perhaps Nolan?"

But even as he suggested it, he knew it wasn't true. Nolan was too busy being a husband and father - one of the most recent upsets in Vince's life - to bother with the club they both held major stakes in. "I think we need to question the little morsel," Laird suggested, eager to find the girl who'd practically ran away from them. Laird loved nothing more than the chase but Vince knew his friend too well and volunteered instead.

"I'll take care of it," he said, rising. "I need something to take my mind off what's happening all around me."

"You're transparent, Buchanan," Laird said, grinning. "You want to find out for yourself if that sweet little piece of ass is a virgin. Fine, have it your way, but if you find her, let me know so I can watch. I love watching you do what you do best."

"Fucking pervert." Vince grinned even as he delivered the insult and Laired grinned back as he called after Vince without shame.

"A badge worn with pride."

Vince descended from the VIP level onto the ground level of the club and wound his way through the throng of well-heeled individuals all bent on being someone else for the night. Assumed identities were part of Malvagio's charm as they acted out their most depraved fantasies under darkened and secret cover. Of course, most were decidedly tame, Vince thought as he passed by a number of sexual acts that were hardly taboo but enjoyable just the same, and even lingered a moment as a woman, her legs thrown over the shoulders of a man feasting on her clit, cried out, as her big, synthetically-enhanced tits heaved with the force of her climax. But he was more interested in finding the mystery hostess than remaining with the couple who had moved onto fucking before the woman could even catch her breath.

Malvagio was a tri-level building with the VIP quarters and the security cameras at the top level so they could overlook the second floor, an opulent expanse of divans, soft, sensual chairs as well as an area used for dancing as gothic techno music throbbed in time with the moving bodies. The bottom level was the dungeon, which was equipped with five different rooms of varying sexual preference and taboo. The walls were covered in burgundy damask wallpaper with priceless oil canvas art of William Bouguereau and Francois Boucher with buxom models showing plenty of flesh in varying stages of debauchery. Vince and Nolan had always professed an appreciation for a full-figured woman for there was nothing better than the give of soft flesh beneath the fingertips. His gaze sought out the unknown blond but each hostess that passed by were ones he'd hired - and bedded - at one time or another and his pique at not being able to find her was beginning to converge into something more serious. How had she managed to circumvent their security to gain access to Malvagio? No longer simply curious, his need to find the girl was grounded in the need to protect the club. Many had much to lose if their involvement became known and thus, the proprietors took great care in protecting their anonymity. Something didn't feel right.

In the past, he'd have Nolan with him to handle the situation but Nolan was no longer available. His twin brother was too busy being respectable to bother with Vince and their investments presently - including Malvagio. But Vince didn't have time to grouse about Nolan. With each passing second that the mystery girl went unaccounted, he felt certain they were all barreling toward something bad.

Emma Winters realized she'd bitten off more than she could chew the minute she locked eyes with Vince Buchanan, if even for a second, but she couldn't find the way out of this cursed place to save her life. In hindsight, her grand plan had been pretty reckless but it'd seemed like the only answer at the time. Now? She just wanted to get out this rotten place before she ended up like her younger sister, Lana. She tried to make her way toward what she believed was the exit but suddenly, she was waylaid by a big man wearing a laconic smile and a carnal light in his eyes. "You look delicious," he said, reaching out to finger a fat curl and tug on it lightly. "Do you belong to someone?"

The solicitously asked question was no less disgusting but from what she knew of Malvagio, everyone belonged to someone and if she were to say otherwise would mark her as being an outsider and blow her tenuous cover. She forced a tremulous smile and pretended that she was indeed someone's property. "Of course. My Master is coming. I was told to wait here," she answered.

"And who is your Master?" he asked, sliding his finger along the curve of her jaw. "Perhaps he would be of a mind to share his lovely pet."

"He doesn't share," she said quickly, shuddering at the thought. "In fact, he's very jealous. Very possessive."

He arched his brow at that. "Possessive and yet he brings such a pretty thing here? Seems an odd way to cherish a possession as lovely as you. Surely, he knows that Malvagio has a reputation for debauchery at its finest level. And with that comes a certain...permissiveness with fellow Malvagio members."

"Yes, well, he's odd that way."

He advanced, crowding her personal space in a way that made her intensely uncomfortable but she tried not to show it. Fear had a way of making people do stupid things and Emma couldn't afford to be stupid here. "What if I told you, that I think you're lying...that you have no Master and therefore are fair game."

"Y-you would be wrong," she said, lifting her chin. "In fact, my Master is...Nolan Buchanan." She threw the name out there in the desperate hope that her aggressive suitor would back off but when the man's slow smile widened with feral intent, she knew she'd picked the wrong Buchanan.

"Now I know without a doubt you're lying," he said, pushing her hard into the darkened room. She stumbled on a gasp but tried to dart past him - no matter she was blowing her cover big time - but he was too quick. "Where are you going, little lamb? We haven't even begun to have fun." He flicked the lights and the room illuminated through a series of slow, dim recessed lighting. Emma shrank back when she saw what looked like a medieval torture chamber with whips and chains and leather restraints. He turned the lock and returned to her, his smile the scariest thing she'd ever seen. "You see, I know the Buchanans very well. And I know that Nolan hasn't taken a sub or slave to Malvagio in months, which means you don't belong to anyone, let alone Nolan Buchanan."

"Let me go," Emma demanded, hating that her voice trembled. She was in deep shit. "Okay, fine, you caught me. I'm not a Malvagio regular but that doesn't give you the right to terrorize me. If you don't let me go this instance, I'll start screaming my head off."

"Please do. I love the sound of a woman's screams. Particularly screams mingled with pain and fear."

Pain? Hell no. Emma made one last effort to escape, running past him but he scooped her up as if she were made of air and slammed her down on the table, knocking the wind from her lungs and momentarily dazing her. She fought for breath while he quickly secured her tightly to restraints that dangled from the ceiling, then slowly lowered the table flush with the floor, leaving her dangling. She hung like an offering, her legs spread obscenely but no matter how she thrashed, she couldn't free herself. Emma caught the glint of something in the dull light and she realized he was holding a thin blade. Oh God..."What are you doing?" she asked, opening her mouth to scream. "Stop! Stop! Please! Someone help me!"

He laughed and slid the blade under the tiny straps of her costume bottoms and cut them free. He did the same for her top. She was mortified to find herself naked and splayed on the table, vulnerable to his gaze and his touch.

"You have beautiful skin," he observed, running his hands down the flesh of her belly, cupping her mound roughly. "And nicely bare. I abhor a hairy cunt."

"Fuck you," she said and he responded with a lightening fast crack across her face. She tasted blood. He squeezed her cheeks so hard her jaw popped and she blinked back tears.

"Now I shall have to punish you." He went to the wall and selected a wicked looking paddle, testing its weight against his palm with a few slaps. Satisfied, he returned to Emma and without hesitation, landed the first, of what would become many, hits on her tender skin.

Heaven help me! She sobbed openly, begging him to stop but her sobs fell on deaf ears and in fact, he became more frenzied with his beating until Emma knew she would lose consciousness soon. Would anyone find her before he killed her? I'm sorry, Lana...I failed you.

Emma had known monsters prowled Malvagio...she hadn't expected to run straight into one.

-2-

Vince pushed past people with little regard to their feelings or how rude he appeared, his one concern being to find the little interloper before she found trouble. There was a reason Malvagio was one of the most highly sought after clubs in the city - because you couldn't buy your way in, you had to be sponsored and there was a strict privacy clause that was enforced most strenuously. It was similar to Fight Club rules. First rule of Malvagio - don't talk about Malvagio.

And the knowledge that someone had circumvented their security gave Vince a bad feeling. Nothing good could come of this, of that he was certain.

He detoured to the dungeons and began systematically opening doors, ignoring the surprised gasps or stern glares from those interrupted from their play. At the last door, he found it barred from the other side. He rattled the door hard and slammed his hand against the thick wood. "Open up. This is Vince Buchanan...owner of this fucking club and you're breaking the rules." When no answer followed, Vince took a step back and planted his foot hard on the door, splintering the jam and sending wood flying. The room was his favorite, equipped with a full rigging system for suspension play and plenty of wonderfully wicked and debased toys to play with, insert or flog with. But what he saw filled him with dread. "Sonofabitch," he muttered, going straight to the suspended girl lying limp and unconscious in the bonds. He quickly released her ties and she fell into his arms with barely a moan. She looked dead. Her blond hair fell like beaten summer wheat, crushed and damp, and raised welts marred her tender pale skin. Blood trickled from her swollen mouth and her right eye was blackened shut. She was tiny, barely five feet tall if he were to wager a guess, and not an inch of her naked body wasn't scratched, bruised, or otherwise abused. Consent was a nonnegotiable club rule and one look at the girl told Vince all he needed to know: she hadn't asked for this.

But he had a bigger problem - what to do with her? He couldn't risk calling the hospital but she plainly needed medical attention. He fished his cell from his pocket and texted Laird: Code Red, dungeon 5.

While he waited for Laird, he took the time to really look at the woman. She'd called herself Josie, but he didn't believe that was her name. No one at Malvagio operated under their true identities. "What were you hoping to find, little dove?" he asked in a low, curious tone. Her chest rose and fell with shallow breaths and a faint wince marred her forehead as if it hurt to breathe, even in sleep. His gaze dropped to her breasts, two perfectly generous handfuls with soft, dusky nipples fairly begged for a man's mouth to suckle and tease and he wasn't above enjoying the view even if the circumstances weren't ideal. One might berate him for feasting his gaze on a woman who was clearly at a disadvantage but he never claimed to be a gentleman nor did he claim to play by the rules.

Laird appeared and frowned when he saw Vince holding the unconscious girl. "I see you found our little stowaway..." but his mildly amused expression changed when he realized the situation. His brow furrowed as the import hit him as quickly as it'd hit Vince. "What the hell happened here?" he asked, pulling his shirt from his own shoulders and laying it across her exposed body, openly wincing at the damage to her lovely body.

"I don't know. I found her in the suspension rig, beaten until she lost consciousness. Look familiar?" he asked darkly, knowing Laird would know what he was asking. Laird swallowed and nodded.

"What are we going to do with her? The last one we took to the hospital ignited a firestorm of questions that we barely got away without fully answering. This little chick could bring down our entire operation," he said, agitated. "Who the hell would do this?"

"I don't know but we'd better find out or else we're fucked. In the meantime, I can take her to my penthouse and have a doctor tend to her. Help me get her to the car," Vince instructed and Laird snapped into action. It was relatively easy to travel the dark halls of the dungeon without attracting attention and with Laird's help, they gently placed the girl into the awaiting Towncar idling behind the club's private back entrance. He climbed in beside the girl and leaned out to give terse instructions to Laird. "Get the security footage immediately. I want to know who went into Dungeon 5 tonight. Someone is using Malvagio as a cover to do fucked up things and I'm not about to let some jackwad take us down like this. You find something, you call me, no matter the hour. Got it?"

Laird jerked a short nod and closed the door.

"Penthouse," he said to the driver and immediately called a doctor they kept on call for odd emergencies. With a club like Malvagio, it was wise to have a doctor on hand who could step in with medical expertise if the play got out of hand. Although rare because Vince screened all potential members, on occasion people have become injured through play that took things a step too far. Usually, when that happened, the member was barred from the club forever because Vince wasn't anyone's babysitter, nor did he relish the idea of policing members who weren't smart enough to do their homework before embarking on potentially dangerous play. One member - Preacher - had ignored a safe word and had nearly caned his sub to death. "Who did you run afoul, my little dove?" he asked quietly, his stare traveling up her body, resting on each raised welt or bruise, and a growing sense of outrage followed. He didn't know if the rage was centered on the fact that she'd been so brutalized or that it'd been done in his club.

A grim smile followed. Likely because it was done in his club. Vince was no hero and he didn't pretend to be. The girl had been stupid to come to his club without a sponsor, clearly standing out like a sore thumb among the jaded and debauched of his membership. Her blonde hair spilled across the black leather like fine yellow silk and he wondered if it were as soft as it appeared. He looked away. She reminded him too much of another blonde he'd once known - Isabel.

He squeezed his eyeballs with his thumb and forefinger, staving off the pounding headache that came from too much liquor and not enough sleep, and made a concentrated effort to empty his mind of anything but the moment at hand. He had a clear set of priorities: Get the girl to the penthouse and medical attention; find the fucker who'd dared to pull this kind of shit, not once, but twice.

Six months ago, another girl had been brutalized in his club. He'd chalked it up to inexperience and had buried the investigation. Once the excitement had died down, it'd been business as usual.

The agitation of his thoughts made it impossible to think straight but one thing was clear, someone was using Malvagio to do bad things.

Very bad things.

And if there was one thing he didn't abide - it was being used.

By anyone.

#

A parade of pain stomped through Emma's head and made her teeth ache as she clenched them against the agony. Everything hurt. If it were possible, she was fairly certain the tips of her hair were screeching in time with the symphony of pain throughout her entire body. What had happened? Her thoughts were fuzzy but the taste of terror remained. Beaten - she'd been beaten! There'd been laughter, deep, rumbling laughter with each savage blow as she screamed and wept, finally begging for it to stop. How was it possible that she was alive? Or was she? Perhaps she was dead. No, if she were dead, would she be in this much pain? Surely, she'd done enough good in her life to merit a trip to the pain-free zone where angels floated around on clouds of marshmallows?

Squiggly lint trails wiggled across her blurred vision and she couldn't focus on anything for longer than a heartbeat. The low murmur of voices, speaking in hushed tones that fairly screamed with concern over her smashed body didn't fill her with confidence that she was going to make it of this scrape alive.

She'd always considered herself plucky - determined to a fault. Right about now, she was feeling naive and pretty stupid.

What'd been her plan once she got into that infernal club? Waltz up to the owner and get him to confess his sins somehow? One look from his intense stare and she'd felt stripped to her bones. Of course, it hadn't helped that she'd been wearing that ridiculous sparkly get up that all the hostesses wore in that little sin cesspool. How was it that she could remember all those details but she couldn't focus her vision to save her life? Perhaps her brain was damaged. She vaguely remembered taking a hit or two to her noggin. But she mostly remembered the searing, unending agony of being tortured within an inch of her life.

Yeah...that she remembered just fine.

And she'd like to forget that.

Please.

But her brain seemed stuck in a loop, playing the events over and over so she could soak in her own misery and compound it with mortification. He'd hung her like a slab of beef and snipped the clothes from her body. But even as horrifying as that'd been, there'd been more and it took a full moment for her traumatized brain to pull the memory from the locked box it'd been shoved into. She shied away from the knowledge but once known, it couldn't be hidden again. An inhuman sound escaped her. He'd jammed his fingers inside her, ripping and tearing and laughing as she screamed. Emma felt the burn of tears leaking from her eyes and her shoulders shook with the force of the knowledge that she'd not only been beaten but violated as well. "No," she uttered with a hoarse, dry whisper that sounded as if it came from the dusty vocal cords of a coma patient. "No. Noooooooo...."

Fear and rage crashed against one another in a bid for control and she shook uncontrollably. She felt hands against her skin and she struggled against the foreign touch. The low voices escalated as she fought them harder until she screeched against the shocking prick of something sharp jabbing her vein. No! No! The incessant throb echoing through her body receded to a dull ache and soon the grasp she had on consciousness went slack and she tumbled into a blissful nothingness.

Her last thought burned with hatred.

Vince Buchanan...bastard.

-3-

"What the hell happened?" Nolan's sharp question was tinged with horror. "And you say this isn't the first time? What the hell, Vince? What else have you been keeping from me?"

Vince glared at his twin for the accusation in his tone. "Hey, don't go all judgmental on me. You're the one who's been too busy with your own life to mess around with club details. There was an incident and I handled it. Plain and simple. How was I supposed to know that it was going to happen again?"

"I don't understand," Nolan said, beginning to pace. Their older brother Dillon sat in the chair opposite them, nursing a scotch and brooding. Vince had already downed two already but it wasn't helping. "Who would fucking do this? Every person on the membership has been personally vetted to avoid shit like this. We have to find out who is behind this before the cops get wind of it."

"I can take care of the cops," Vince shot back. "How do you think it went away the first time?"

"You can't keep paying off detectives to look the other way. Eventually, that puts your ass in a sling and by proxy the family," Dillon warned, his face a mask of control. The only indication he was pissed was the subtle tensing of his jaw. "Maybe it's time to shut down this little playground of yours until you can figure out who's been shitting in your sandbox."

"Screw that," Vince shot back with a growl. "No one's forcing our hand. We're fucking Buchanans. We run this town. No one is going to tell us how to run our operations."

"It's too hot," Dillon disagreed, looking to Nolan for back up. "Maybe it's time to let the authorities in on this. We could have a bigger problem than bad PR for the club and the family name. What if this sick bastard is a true sociopath? We don't have the necessary skillset to take down something like that."

"Says you," Vince retorted coolly. "I have a gun. Maybe I'll just shoot the sick freak and drop his body down a mineshaft."

"Come on," Nolan exploded, exasperated. "What the hell are you talking about? Killing people? That's not our thing and never has been. I agree with Dillon, we need to talk to the cops. Let them handle this shit."

"Do you realize what will happen if cops start sniffing around the club? They'll do more than shut it down," Vince argued hotly. "They'd likely arrest us all on a myriad of lovely charges not to mention we'll likely get sued by every over-privileged pervert on our roster for having their identities revealed in public documents. We promise - no, we guarantee anonymity to our members - if we lose that, we lose more than our reputations, we lose everything."

As outwardly calm as Dillon was, Nolan was his opposite, fairly vibrating with agitation. "Vince, I have a family. A wife and daughter. I can't have this kind of scandal." He gestured to Dillon. "And what about Penny and the baby? They're going to get dragged down by this, too, if word gets out."

"Don't you think I've figured that out," Vince said. "Why do you think I had her brought here and not the hospital? Hospitals have a mandatory reporting system. They would've taken one look at her injuries and the next call would have been to the cops."

"On the surface, it's good thinking but what are you going to do with her after she's healed? You can't keep her indefinitely and you can't keep her from going to the authorities herself."

"I'll pay her off," Vince answered with a shrug. "Everyone has a price. I'll find hers and get her to sign a legally binding contract that keeps her quiet."

Nolan groaned. "Shannon's not going to like this."

"So don't tell her," Vince said, disgusted at how quickly his brother had become pussy-whipped by his new wife. He slid his gaze over to Dillon. "And that goes for Penny, too. Besides, Penny is about to pop and doesn't need the stress."

"Don't tell me what my wife needs," Dillon warned and the two shared an electrically charged look that snapped with danger. At one time - seemed like an eternity ago - Dillon hadn't been the only Buchanan between his wife's lovely thighs but they weren't allowed to talk about that now that Dillon had staked his claim permanently.

"Chill, Dillon," Nolan said, rubbing at his forehead. "The last thing we need is you two jackasses posturing and whipping out your dicks to see whose is bigger. We need a solution - and fast."

"No comparison. Mine is bigger," Dillon answered with a shrug. Vince glared, temporarily distracted by the urge to indeed, whip his cock out and show up his older brother but he tamped it down forcibly. Now was not the time. "How bad is the girl's injuries?" he asked, returning to the issue without a blink.

"The doc said she's pretty badly bruised, including a bruised kidney, but no broken bones, which was something of a miracle given how hard she was beaten." Vince stopped, before revealing the doctor had said that she also suffered a few superficial vaginal lacerations that suggested forceful penetration, likely digital. He didn't know why he held back. Perhaps not with Dillon, but with his twin, Vince had always shared everything. Maybe it was some latent sense of chivalry or the fact that he felt mildly protective of the girl, but either way, he kept the most damaging information private. "She has a black eye and a busted lip but the doc said all her injuries will heal with time."

"Thank God." Nolan heaved a sigh of relief but he still looked as panicked as a time traveler who'd just been told they'd been given free passage on the Titanic. "You going to keep her here?"

"Yeah, I figured that was best."

Dillon agreed. "If you're determined to go the route you're on, it's best to keep the situation, and her, contained. I have a few guys I can put on this who will keep a low profile. Maybe if we giftwrap this fucker to the police they won't have cause to look too deeply into the case."

"I don't like this. Maybe Dillon is right and we should think about shutting down the club. I haven't told Shannon about the club yet and I'm not looking forward to that conversation."

Vince stiffened. "And why is that?"

"Because I'm not that guy anymore who revels in the kind of thing that happens at Malvagio and I think it's time to distance myself from it."

Vince stared, unable to believe the words falling from his twin's mouth. They'd built Malvagio together. Now he was acting as if it were diseased. "Well, if that's the way you feel, then I guess it doesn't matter how I handle things, then."

"Of course it matters," Nolan answered irritably, completely missing the point of the rebuff. "I don't want anything to come back to bite Shannon or Aubrey and a place like Malvagio isn't something you keep around when you have a lot to lose."

"Go home to your little family," Vince couldn't help but sneer. "Don't worry your precious brain about it."

"What's your problem?" Nolan asked, offended. "Until you know what it's like to fear losing the very thing that makes life worth living...don't fucking diss me."

Vince shook his head, not interested in having this conversation when he knew it was pointless. He looked to Dillon. "What about you?" he asked. "Is it too hot in the kitchen for you, too."

"Don't be a dick. I already told you I'd put some of my men on this. I have just as much to lose as Nolan. Everyone in this family needs this put to rest. Whether you keep the club or not is immaterial to the immediate dilemma. Let's focus on the most pressing threat - finding out who did this and why. Okay?"

Vince nodded, reluctantly slanting his gaze at his twin. "And you?"

Nolan chewed his bottom lip, caught between a rock and a hard place but Vince didn't care. He'd never known his twin to be such a pussy and it killed him to see Nolan so neutered. If this was the consequence of wedded bliss, people could keep that shit to themselves. He'd rather remain who he was - a debauched, licentious and unapologetic aficionado of pretty female flesh - because there was only one person on this planet who'd had the power to change him.

And she was dead.

"I don't care who we have to pay off, make disappear, or otherwise ruin...I'm not giving up the club," he said with finality. "Got it?" Vince stared down his brothers, almost daring them to fight him on this. His blood burned with the need for something he couldn't quite define and at the moment, all he had was his brothers to knock skulls with. But when neither presented an argument, he considered the conversation over and grabbed his leather jacket. "I'm out of here," he growled, eager to get back to the penthouse. He wanted to be there when the broken little dove awoke. He had some questions...and one way or another, he was going to get answers.

Neither Dillon nor Nolan tried to stop Vince as he slammed from the house. Their brother had been percolating at a frenzied clip for a while now and neither knew what to do about it. An intervention of some sort had been tossed around but eventually discarded because they all knew that kind of tactic would blow up in their faces in grand fashion.

Before this situation with the club, Nolan's biggest concern with his twin had been his seemingly hell-bent course with destruction, as if he were trying to punish himself with the pursuit of pleasure until he died of exhaustion. But now, they had this situation with the club to contend with and it made him edgy and freaked out for the sake of his family.

"What are we going to do?" he asked Dillon, looking to his older brother for advice. "He's determined to do things his way but I'm concerned he's not caring around how his way affects others."

"That's Vince in a nutshell, isn't it?" Dillon countered dryly and Nolan couldn't rightly disagree. Vince had always carried an attitude that shouted, "my way or get the fuck off my highway," which was one of the main reasons he and Dillon had always clashed. But Dillon didn't seem as concerned as Nolan about their brother. Instead, he was focused on the bigger picture. "We need to more information about what happened the first time around. And I need to know more about this club, Malvagio. Is it operating under the Buchanan Enterprises umbrella?"

"No, we have it housed under its own LLC so as to create a little distance but everyone knows it's our club." Nolan swallowed an aggrieved sigh. "We wanted people to know that we owned it. We enjoyed the notoriety."

"What happens at this club?"

"Anything but it's all consensual. That's the one cardinal rule - that and no scat play." He grimaced at the idea. "Some people are bigger freaks than we are."

"So basically, it's a sex club with some heavy BDSM elements in play." At Nolan's nod, Dillon digested the information. "Anyone else involved?"

Nolan hesitated but he knew it would come out sooner or later and frankly, Nolan wanted all of this to go away so he could wash his hands of it all. "We have one other partner, Laird Tiechert."

Dillon did a double take. "Of Tiechert Construction? The developer giant?"

"Yeah."

"Junior not interested in going into the family business?"

"No. Laird and his father don't exactly see eye-to-eye on anything."

"Sounds familiar."

Yeah, their mutual hatred for their fathers had been the bond between them. But even though Laird's father was a dick, no one could come close to the Buchanan patriarch - he'd inspired the Craptastic Father of the Year award.

"So how's it going to affect Laird if his involvement comes out with the club?" Dillon asked.

Nolan didn't even want to think what would happen. Laird's father was a religious zealot, one of the many reasons Laird and his father couldn't stand each other. "He stands to lose a lot," Nolan answered grimly. "But Laird is one of many who could lose a lot if their involvement became common knowledge. Vince is right about one thing: we need to keep this as quiet as possible."

He needed to tell Shannon about the club but he didn't even know how to start that conversation, particularly when he'd been working so hard to be a different man, the kind who deserved a woman like Shannon and his daughter Aubrey.

Dillon caught the shame in his expression, which wasn't a surprise because, honestly, it felt as if it were oozing from his damn pores, and gave him a short clap on the shoulder, saying, " Stop beating yourself up for the past. Trust me, I spent years doing it and nothing changed. You aren't the same person you were six months ago so remember that. Shannon will understand. She's a smart woman."

"I don't want to lose her, man," Nolan said with raw emotion. He'd never known the love he felt with Shannon and his darling little girl Aubrey and like a starving man who'd been gifted with a full-course meal, he was desperate to hold onto them. "I wish we'd never opened Malvagio."

Dillon's mouth quirked. "Now you've got me curious about this place. How bad can it be?"

Nolan barked a mirthless laugh. "It's as the name suggests...wicked."

"In another life...sounds like my kind of place."

"Yeah, me too. Before Shannon, it was my favorite playground. Now? It just appears sordid and fake. I can't believe I ever saw anything of value. I wish I could get Vince to realize that we've outgrown it."

"You've outgrown it," Dillon corrected mildly. "In case you haven't noticed, Vince isn't the least bit interested in following our path to respectability. In fact, he seems to abhor the very idea. I suspect even if he were to find someone, he'd do everything in his power to push them away."

Nolan agreed. The ghost of a woman that they didn't need to name floated between them and Nolan wished he knew how to finally put that poor girl to rest so that Vince could, at last, know true peace and move on.

But if tonight's show of stubbornness was any indication, Vince was digging in his heels, quite comfortable in his misery.

Vince was changing into a bitter, angry, cruel man - all because of a woman he couldn't forget.

Eventually, there would be little left of Vince that was Nolan's beloved twin.

And that scared Nolan senseless.

-4-

Emma awoke, her throat scratchy from disuse and her vision still swimming but at least the bone-shattering pain ricocheting through her body had abated to a mild rumble that she could handle. She forced her eyes to focus and when she realized she was hooked to an IV, she made the assumption that she was in a hospital but it only took a second later to realize she wasn't in a hospital, but rather in a stranger's house.

And more specifically, in a stranger's bed.

"Careful, you'll rip out your IV," a low voice instructed with authority, the sound at once familiar yet foreign and sending sparks of awareness though her abused body. She swung her gaze in the direction of the sound and she realized a man sat in the shadows of the room, watching her. She didn't know why she knew the man was Vince Buchanan but she did. She worked to swallow, her dry throat resisting the movement until she fumbled for the water cup at her left and gulped the liquid with little grace or finesse but she didn't care. Why was she tucked into Vince Buchanan's bed? After what'd happened, she should've been hospitalized. Her question must've echoed in her expression for Vince rose from the chair, unfolding his solid muscular frame like a predator stalking his prey. Good God, he was terrifying. Emma had never been one for the pretty boys or the ones who'd arrogantly taken from the pick of the ladies. She'd always found the bookish, smart guy with the oddly endearing quirks more attractive, if not a little on the predictable side. Vince Buchanan was the antithesis of every man she'd ever dated and even if she'd known that intellectually, watching him stalk toward her with twin eyes burning with something she couldn't quite define, made her realize her research had completely failed to prepare her for the reality. She shifted in the bed, trying to put as much distance between them as possible but he didn't seem to care and stopped close enough to smell his aftershave. "Where am I?" she asked, her voice hoarse and small sounding. She cleared her throat and tried again with more confidence but she was at an obvious disadvantage. "Where am I ?"

"You're in my penthouse. I brought you here to recover so as to afford some privacy. You've been out for two days," he answered, his gaze traveling from the top of her head to the length of her body beneath the sheets as if he could see that was fairly naked beneath the covers. "I will have suitable replacement clothes brought to you," he said, reminding her of that night. Her cheeks burned with the knowledge that she'd been brutalized and left hanging like a slab of beef for anyone to find.

She wanted to tell him not to bother but that posed a bit of a problem as she couldn't very well walk from his penthouse wearing nothing but his oversized shirt. She took a surreptitious sniff. Yes, definitely his shirt. Her nose tingled from the faint scent clinging to the collar. Her cheeks burned at the realization that he'd likely peeled the shirt from his own body that night and put it on her. "Thank you," she replied stiffly, nearly unable to form the words. Her bottom lip was still sore from where that asshole had clocked her and as she darted her tongue along the bruised flesh, she winced when the pain reminded her not to touch.

"Who are you?" he asked, his gaze as hard as each bicep straining beneath the fine cotton of his shirt. "What is your real name and why were you in the club the other night?"

Straight to the point with no detouring down Niceville for appearances sake. She supposed she could expect nothing less from the Buchanan known for his vicious temper when crossed and downright cruelty to those who thought to best him. "I don't have to answer you," she said, lifting her chin. "I want to talk to the police. I have rights."

At that his brow lifted as if amused and he leaned further into her space, sending her heartrate to skitter like a jackrabbit trying to evade a hawk. "You will answer me and you'll be quick about it," he said in a steely voice that brooked no argument.

"Or what?" she asked, holding his stare, though in truth she wanted to hide from that intense gaze. She didn't believe in a lot of woo-woo stuff but at that moment she wasn't entirely certain that he wasn't something entirely inhuman. He was scarily mesmerizing. "There are rules that even you have to follow," she said.

"I break rules for fun." He stepped away abruptly and stalked away from her, saying with a silky warning his shoulder. "Mind your unruly tongue, little dove, or I might just rip it out."

#

Vince had to get away from the woman before he did something he regretted. There was something about her that twisted him in knots unlike anything he'd ever experienced. Well, that was not entirely true, a voice whispered, reminding him of a past he wanted to forget.

It was the blonde hair, he argued, irritated with himself and his body's reaction to her. He doubted she would reach his chest and yet she fairly vibrated with spirit. He'd expected her to be cowed, frightened and traumatized by what'd happened to her but instead, she'd quickly assessed her situation and fired back with questions of her own. If he weren't so focused on protecting the club he might've enjoyed learning every inch of her exquisite body, teaching her carnal delights that were likely illegal in the Bible Belt states, but he didn't have time for distractions. Especially pretty blonde ones.

He didn't even know her name. He detoured to the kitchen and put together a tray of food that he'd ordered in. Time to switch tactics. Calm down and think, he told himself when his blood refused to chill. It was as if his body had gone into hyper-drive and everything was ramped up - hunger, anger, lust, impatience - because he wanted to do things that even he knew in his chaotic state of mind were unwise. Vince drew a deep breath and blew it out with deliberate purpose, then grabbed the tray and returned to the bedroom. She had to be ravenous after everything she'd been through. Her body would be weak with only IV fluids.

"What is this?" she asked, suspicious.

"What does it look like?"

"I don't want you to feed me. I need clothes so I can leave."

He ignored her and placed the breakfast tray over her legs. "I hope you like chicken breast with wild rice and fresh green beans. I thought something mild given your ordeal," he said, grabbing a chair to pull it beside her. He gestured at her when all she did was stare at him as if he'd grown another head. "Go on, eat." When she failed to do so, he sighed in irritation. "Don't tell me you're one of those girls who is shy about basic needs, such as food?"

"I wouldn't know what kind of girl you're accustomed to but I can safely say I am nothing like a girl who would have anything to do with you."

"Strong words. And what have I done to earn such a low opinion?" he asked, curious.

"You own Malvagio and you threatened to rip my tongue out. Need I say more?"

He laughed. "I've done far worse than own a stake in a club and apologize for my brash words earlier. But surely I haven't earned your low opinion on such flimsy points. What do you think I've done that's so inexcusable? Need I remind you that I took you from a bad situation - a situation you put yourself into by sneaking into my club where you plainly don't belong - and I'm currently seeing to your care. I know I'm a little rusty in the good guy department but last I heard those are hardly the actions of someone deserving of your disdain."

"Spare me," she said, pushing away the food, even though she looked hungry enough to eat her blankets. "I know all about you Vince Buchanan. The Internet is a wonderful thing and you haven't been exactly covert in your actions. I always thought you had a certain arrogance and now I know I wasn't wrong. You think the world revolves around you and you don't want to listen to anyone who says otherwise."

He chuckled, but his amusement was only surface deep. Generally speaking, he didn't care if someone labeled him a devil because in his experience, he was far more suited to reign in hell than serve in heaven. But her venom surprised him. Clearly, she wanted to punish him for something. Not that he hadn't done enough to warrant such bile but he'd at least like to know from which direction the ire was spitting. "I'm flattered," he said, enjoying how his control caused her to get carelessly brash. Usually, that was his M.O. Watching someone else suffer from the same driving emotion was enlightening. Now he knew why Nolan was always telling him to calm down. "What's your name?" he asked. She glared at him, buttoning her lip. He shrugged. "Okay, play hard to get but you're not the only one with Google fu, little dove. Better yet, I pay people to find me answers. I'll have your name, your social security number, your address, and if you currently owe any parking tickets within a day and your little show of defiance will get you nothing but my irritation for wasting my time."

"Let me go. You can't legally hold me." He grinned and she startled, openly wary. "What's so funny? Not even you are above the law."

Vince dropped his smile. "You'd be surprised what I find myself above and below these days. If you don't tell me what I want to know, you'll find a marked difference in my hospitality. Pray you don't push me beyond my limits of control."

Her eyes widened and he realized they were a deep shade of blue. "Are you holding me hostage?" she gasped.

"Depends on how you look at it," he replied. "I prefer to consider you a guest while we sort out this mess you've put yourself into."

"A guest who can't leave," she added and he shrugged again. "That's a prisoner."

"Well, as cages go, I'd say this is more uptown than the usual fare."

"A cage no matter how gilded, remains a cage."

Vince allowed his mouth to curve and his stare to linger on the faint rounded swell of her breasts, knowing she would find his perusal discomforting. But as soon as her cheeks whitened and her fingers tightened with fear and uncertainty, he backed down, though he didn't know why. This was the time when he ought to use her fear against her to get the answers he sought. But the idea left a bitter taste and he discarded it quickly. He didn't need to use fear. He had other weapons at his disposal. He gestured to the food. "You should eat. You've been through a terrible ordeal and need your strength. If you'd prefer something else, name it and I'll have it delivered."

"I'm not hungry."

"Liar. You're practically eyeball-fucking that piece of chicken. Swallow your pride and eat for Christ's sake. The last thing I need is you keeling over in a faint like a Victorian lady with her stays too tight."

"And why do you care so much about me?" she asked, regarding him as one would a predator with wary caution. Vince swallowed a laugh. She was smart to give him a wide berth. He was known to bite. "You don't even know me."

"True enough but you're going to help me find who did this to you because no one pulls this shit in my club. No one."

She shivered and lifted her chin. "And why would I help you?"

"Beyond the common thread of human kindness?" He laughed when she graced him with a sour look. "Well, can't fault a guy for asking. But to answer your question, you're going to help me because I'm going to make it worth your while. I will pay you for your assistance."

"Do you Buchanans throw money at every problem?" she asked, disgust leaching into her tone from an unknown source. Did she hold a personal bias against wealth? It wasn't uncommon but Vince couldn't imagine how breaking into his club would've assuaged her bias in some way. "I hate to break it to you, not everyone can be bought."

Vince stepped forward and gripped her chin firmly, eliciting a shocked gasp from her gently parted lips. His cock stirred at the most inopportune moment and he had to shove all indecent thoughts from his brain before he did something he regretted more than he regretted purchasing a bar in Philly for sentimental reasons. "Darling, everyone has a price...even you. And I shall enjoy discovering what it will take to bend you to my will."

She held his stare but her eyes watered as she hissed, "Go. To. Hell."

He released her chin and walked away. "Already there, little dove. Already there."

-5-

Emma stared at the chicken and her mouth watered, betraying her hunger but she wouldn't eat his food. She might've totally failed in her mission but that didn't mean she had to play the happy, coddled prisoner, slurping up his supposed generosity like a lapcat sucking up milk. She plucked at the fine linens, wondering how many women he'd bedded on this very mattress and shuddered in disgust, hating him and men like him who thought they could have whatever they wanted by throwing money at it. Tears burned behind her eyes and she clenched her fists into tight balls to keep from bawling in despair. What was she going to do? First, she needed to get out of this place, which meant, the IV had to go. She carefully pulled the tape securing the IV line from her wrist and then squeezed her eyes shut as she slid the needle free from her vein. A spurt of blood followed and she quickly pressed down on the vein, grimacing as a brief flash of pain followed. Her body protested with sharp agony as she climbed from the bed but she breathed against the onslaught, determined to find a way out of this place. Vince Buchanan could not keep her if she didn't want to stay. And she planned to walk right out that front door, whether she was dressed or not.

But just as she took a few wobbly steps forward, Vince reappeared in the doorway, catching her off guard and she faltered with a cry, stumbling against the bed as her knees gave out. "Noooo," she wailed, hating how weak she was and how her body refused to cooperate. "Let me go!" she cried when Vince immediately scooped her into his arms and returned her to the bed with a dark scowl.

"What is wrong with you?" he asked. "You're injured and you can't possibly make it to the hallway much less down the street to hail a cab. Not to mention, you don't have a way of paying for said cab even if you managed to catch one. Stop being such an irritating twit and stay put. Rescuing women is not my forte. I suggest that you stop pushing my boundaries. I'm not known for my patience or my kindness."

"I know exactly what you're known for," she whispered, hating his logic and hating him even more for being right.

"Which is?"

"You and I both know. You don't need to hear me say it."

"On the contrary, I'd love to hear you say it. In fact, I insist."

"Go fuck yourself."

"What if I'd rather fuck you?" he countered, plainly enjoying her discomfort. He leaned forward, invading her space. "You're a beautiful woman," he observed, his casual tone belying the sudden hunger radiating from his body. "I prefer a little more meat on the bones but in spite of your tiny body, your tits are quite plump. More than a nice handful. I suspect they'd taste like ambrosia in my mouth."

"Stop it," she demanded, though her voice shook. "You're disgusting."

"I can be," he agreed easily, taking no offense much to her dismay. "My appetites are varied and voracious. One doesn't satisfy such a hunger like mine with the same menu over and over. I require variation and lots of it."

She knew all about Vince's appetites. In her research, she'd stumbled across a supposed private video of Vince as he "vetted" one of the hostesses. The video was key in her evidence against the club, alleging that the proprietors used the "casting couch" to hire their hostesses. She was horrified to admit that watching the video had been shamefully arousing. Vince Buchanan was powerfully built and genetically blessed in all ways, she thought bitterly. Was it any wonder he'd gleefully taken every advantage given to him? God, she needed to get away from Vince. She'd been stupid and naive to go half-cocked and unprepared for contingencies but she'd been so anxious to get the ball rolling that she'd ignored that little voice of reason that'd cautioned her to wait. Tears welled in her eyes. "I want to go home," she said. "Let me go home."

"Not until we figure out who did this," he answered resolutely and for a split second she almost thought his desire to keep her was to keep her safe until he said, "Once you help me identify the bastard who's abusing my club, you're free to go."

"I don't know who did this to me," she spat, her pride inexplicably wounded by his single motivation. "All I know is that you and your kind are an abomination and need to be put down like rabid dogs."

"You're very passionate in your beliefs," he said, his brow lifting in question. "Are you a religious zealot? Part of a cult?"

She blinked at him. "No, of course not."

"Good. Then dial it down a notch, okay? We can be on the same side, you know."

"No, we can't," she

"And why not?"

"Because I hate you and everything you stand for."

He frowned. "Which is?"

"Spoiled, bored, narcissistic, over-privileged, trust-fund babies who only care about what gets them off. In your case, operating a sleazy Sodom and Gomorrah club for people of your same ilk so you can host lavish sex parties with ridiculous rituals and bonds of secrecy. Hello? Stanley Kubrick called and he wants his movie back. You could do amazing things with your wealth but you choose to spend it on the only person who matters in your world: you. And frankly, the world needs less people like you, not more. Anyone who would frequent your club has no soul. Frankly, I'm surprised what happened to me hasn't been happening far more frequently." She thought of Lana and held her tongue, not wanting to give up that piece of information. Lana, with her delicate features and gentle disposition, had been eaten alive in that place. If it took Emma's entire life, she'd see to it that Malvagio closed its doors and its owners taken down.

He stared at her, stunned by her answer but it was hard to tell what else was going on behind those deeply intense eyes. In fact, it was hard not to shudder with a whole-body awareness as he held her gaze. There was something powerful about him - a dangerous sexual charisma that plucked at the hidden strings of her most private self and created a chord of need that she'd never experienced - and that, above all else, scared her spitless. She could not afford an attraction to Vince Buchanan. The very idea made her ill. "The fact of the matter is, Malvagio is a disgusting place and someone needs to burn it down to the ground."

"That's a matter of opinion," he said but his tone held an edge of warning. "Just because your morals are different doesn't mean they are superior. Nothing happens in my club that isn't consensual."

"That you're aware," she countered. "There's plenty about your own club that you don't know a thing about."

"Not likely."

The arrogance in his tone scored her frazzled nerves and she lifted her arms, showing off the deep, motley bruises, wanting him to take some responsibility for the bad things he allowed to occur within his walls. "Then how'd this happen?"

But he was neither ashamed nor repentant by the evidence. If anything, he seemed irritated. "An aberration in security, which you created. You came to the club without going through the usual vetting system and you plainly weren't invited or sponsored. I can assure you-"

"You're a liar," she cut in, hotly, quickly losing her ability to hold her tongue when it mattered. "If you know everything that happens in your club, then you know I wasn't the first one to be beaten and practically raped in your club right beneath your aristocratic nose! Does the name Lana Winters ring a bell?"

"How do you know that name?" he asked, his stare narrowing dangerously.

"Because she's my sister, you son-of-a-bitch! And she's ruined because of your fucking little club! So when you demand that I help you find whoever did this so you can save your club, I say fuck that because the only reason I would help you is to bring you and your club down. Permanently."

#

Vince stared hard at the wild blonde breathing heavily, eyes blazing with righteous fury, and he knew the situation had just escalated. If he'd been considering letting her go with a private tail on her whereabouts, that idea had just been punted to the far side of the field. There was no way he was letting her go now. He needed to call a meeting between the group, including Laird. "Don't you leave this room," he snarled in warning, moving swiftly to the door. "If you so much as take one foot from this room I'll make your ordeal at Malvagio feel like a picnic in the park. Am I clear?" Her defiant silence was more of a condemnation than an agreement but he didn't care. He wasn't joking or making an idle threat. He slammed the door and grabbed his keys. Somehow he'd known he hadn't closed the book on the unfortunate case of Lana Winters.

But he'd never expected her sister to show up looking for vengeance.

He'd never seen Lana, nor the extent of her injuries, though he knew them to be extensive and similar to Emma's. At the time, he'd handed the details over to the lawyers to hash out the settlement and once papers were signed and checks written, he'd been content to forget about it but at the back of his mind, a niggling thought had persisted that this would come back to haunt them someday.

Apparently, that someday had come nearly six months to the day of the first attack.

And now Vince had no choice but to figure out what the hell was going on before he ended up losing everything the family had built.

#

Emma wasn't about to sit and stay like a trained dog. She waited until she heard the front door slam as Vince took off at breakneck speed and then waited another half hour to ensure he hadn't double-backed for anything. Once she believed she was in the clear, she grabbed two bites of the chicken that'd gone cold - Oohh, God, that's good! - and made her way slowly to the door, determined to get the hell out of there. First, she was going to go home and get dressed; second, she was going to call the police and report Vince for kidnapping. She wasn't entirely sure if what happened counted as true kidnapping as he had actually rescued her but she'd let the cops sort that out. If anything, having to explain his side of things will really piss him off and she was all for anything that put a serious crimp in that jerk-off's style. Her legs threatened to give out but she forced herself to put one foot in front of the other, ignoring every screech of pain with each step. She didn't actually have a plan, aside from getting free but she figured a plan would come to her, even if it meant pleading with strangers to help her.

But as luck would have it, Vince had not expected her to obey and had made provisions.

Just as she managed to clear the hall and reach the elevator, the ornate double doors opened and another man stepped out, a wide grin lifting the corners of his sensual mouth. "Darling, you're a live one! Generally, I'm the kind of man who appreciates a feisty woman but I really must insist that you stay here...for your own safety." And then before she could protest, he scooped her into his arms and carried her back into the bedroom, depositing her gently on the bed, though if she wasn't mistaken, his hand had lingered a little longer than necessary on her ass.

"I'm being held hostage," she said, though she didn't know why she bothered. She recognized the man as Vince's friend and co-owner Laird Tiechert. "This is illegal."

Laird made a so-so gesture with his hand. "Ah, I'd say that's a matter of interpretation. The way I see it, my friend Vince is very concerned for your safety and he wants to be sure that no harm befalls you while under his care. And it seems you're hell-bent for leather to put yourself in harm's way. Why is that, by the way?" he asked but his gaze traveled her bare legs, causing her to hastily cover herself with the sheets again. He pouted a little but otherwise awaited her answer, which she wasn't sure she should give. She'd already told Vince too much in the heat of the moment. But unlike Vince, Laird didn't make her feel unsettled and jittery at the pit of her stomach. "Most women fall all over themselves to catch a Buchanan's attention."

"I can imagine nothing I'd like least," she replied coolly, irritated at herself for feeling even the slightest, most errant flicker of arousal for anyone like Vince Buchanan. "Not everyone finds someone like the Buchanans attractive or desirable."

He surprised her with a guffaw. "Girl, I've personally watched Nolan seduce the panties off a girl wearing a purity ring and as for Vince, he doesn't even try to seduce the women and they end up throwing their panties at him, panting wet and ready for whatever magic he's got in his pants."

Ugh. Gross. "As attractive as that sounds, I prefer men with a more discernible moral character than that of a cartoon character."

"Vince's moral flexibility is one of his finer qualities in my opinion," Laird said, grinning and she knew the conversation was pointless. What had she expected from a man who co-owned Malvagio? "So are you babysitting me or something?" she asked, annoyed with him and the horde of panty-throwing women conversation. "Don't you have anything better to do?"

"I can think of a few things," Laird said, his voice lowering with suggestion and she grimaced. He shrugged. "Can't fault a guy for trying. Unlike Vince, I prefer my women a little less prickly. Besides, you seem the type who has their legs screwed tight at the knee."

Her cheeks flared. "That was rude," she said, lifting her chin. "And you seem the kind of man who will die of a raging STD before you're thirty-five."

"I did catch gonorrhea once," he admitted as if it were no big deal to admit such a thing when Emma would've been horrified and taken that information to her grave if it were her. "But that's the beauty of doctors and their meds. Cleared it right up. I did learn a valuable lesson - no glove, no love. And I stick to it."

"Hallelujah," she retorted dryly. "Sexual education at its finest."

"Hey, better late than never."

"I suppose you never worry about getting someone pregnant?"

At that he shrugged but the motion had lost some its signature jocularity as he said, "Shooting blanks. Bad motocross accident when I was kid. Killed my nuts." The corner of his lips twisted in a brief smile as he said, "So, no little Lairds out there."

"Oh." She wasn't sure why but the need to apologize was strong. Why did she care if he couldn't go out there and irresponsibly procreate? It wasn't as if Laird Tiechert was made of great father material. The man was possibly as bad as his best friend, Vince. He had to be, if they were that close. Still, it seemed harsh, even for her, to not offer something. "That sucks." There. Eloquent and to the point.

Laird grunted something that sounded like "No big deal" and then started picking at her left over chicken. "Do you mind?" he asked as he took the entire chicken breast from her plate and started eating it. She shook her head, though seeing as he'd already eaten half of it, she doubted her answer would've mattered. "Damn, that's good," he murmured. "I bet he got this at that fancy Italian restaurant down the street. You don't like chicken?"

"I love chicken. I wasn't about to let Vince Buchanan feed me like he would a pet. I am not his possession nor his responsibility. I tried to tell him that but he insists on keeping me here against my will."

"Yeah, he's stubborn that way."

"Mr. Tiechert-"

"Call me Laird...my father is Mr. Tiechert and he's an asshole."

"Fine. Laird. Can you please help me get out of here?" she pleaded, hoping to appeal to a sliver of chivalry that might still be present. "My sister needs me. I can't leave her alone for too long. Already it's been too long."

"What's wrong with your sister?" he asked.

"She's...well, she was injured about six months ago and she's still recovering."

"What happened to her?" he asked, scooping up a spoonful of wild rice and shoveling it down.

"I'd rather not say. It's private," she evaded. If Laird found out that Lana was the same girl who'd been injured in the club six months ago, he'd likely be just as adamant as Vince about keeping Emma around. "Please," she said softly, daring to put her hand on his, her eyes filling with tears. "I'm all my sister has in the world. I can't abandon her. She's going to be so scared."

Laird seemed to struggle, clearly affected by her pleas and she sensed victory. "You know, I can appreciate Vince feeling responsible for my care but I really need to get home. It's urgent."

"How about this...I will take you to your sister and then you can check on her and see that she's okay as well as grab some clothes and then we can get back here before Vince returns none the wiser."

"No," she disagreed sharply. "I don't want to come back here. I want to go home."

"Sorry, I can't do that." He appeared apologetic but her temper was returning and she didn't give a damn if he felt bad for forcing her to stay. "Listen, I know we seem like the bad guys but you have to understand, we have to protect the club. A lot of people have a lot to lose-"

"I really don't care about your stupid club. As far as I'm concerned your disgusting little club can go up in a powder keg of glitter and lube and the world would be a better place."

"Ouch. Well, on that note, I'll leave you to catch some shut eye," he said, rising to gather her plate. "Take it easy, tiger girl."

Laird closed the door behind him and Emma swallowed a scream of frustration as she fell back among the fluffy pillows, causing several to bounce from the bed. She truly was a prisoner in a very gilded cage. With no choice but to wait until Vince returned, the fight in her dissipated and she was left with pure exhaustion from her ordeal. Her body demanded rest and she grudgingly gave in. Within moments, she was fast asleep.

-6-

Emma's dreams were a fragmented mess of terror and arousal that she couldn't seem to shake herself free from. She was back at the club, wearing that ridiculous hostess outfit that barely covered her breasts and behind, and all around her the sounds of sex and lust were unavoidable. Everywhere she turned, she saw men and women touching one another in acts of intense foreplay or worse, blatantly fucking like animals in heat. The music throbbed, nearly drowning out the moans and cries of pleasure, but there was no escaping the gaped mouths and shuddering bodies as they pinnacled to climax. Emma liked sex - the few times she'd tried it - but it was nothing to lose your mind over. Except those people seemed quite delirious in their pursuit of pleasure, almost drugged with carnal endorphins as they went from one partner to the next, handed off and shared like a party favor indiscriminately. She tried to avert her gaze but it was everywhere. And then he was there, towering over her with that damnable inscrutable expression, his eyes roaming every inch of her as if he had the right and her body responded instantly, drenching her panties even as she wished to God she wasn't so desperately attracted to him. But here in the dreamscape, everything took on a surreal quality, melding and blurring reality until it was like an intense acid trip taken with Ecstasy. Her gaze snagged on a woman as Laird buried his face between her thighs, eagerly ravaging the woman's most sensitive area until she gasped, twisting and crying her release. Suddenly Vince was behind her, pulling her tightly to him, whispering, "Does the little dove, like to watch?" Her cheeks burned but she nodded. Emma shuddered at the dark, husky chuckle at the shell of her ear and she couldn't look away. "There's nothing more beautiful than the sound of a woman cumming beneath your tongue." He nuzzled her neck. "I wonder...what do you sound like when you shatter apart? Are you quiet and sweet or do you cry like a banshee, shrieking and shaking until your voice is hoarse?" He didn't wait for her to answer, which was good because she didn't know the answer. She was no virgin but she'd never had an orgasm. "I bet you're loud, little dove. I bet when you come, you leave scratches on your lover's back." She squeezed her eyes shut and he reached down to cup her pubic mound, pressing against the sensitive skin and causing her eyes to pop open on a gasp. "You don't want to miss the best part," he told her, rubbing her with just enough pressure to make her squirm. "Watch..."

And then the woman stiffened, her thighs quaking, as she came hard. Her naked breasts heaved as she tried to catch her breath but just as she stopped shuddering, Laird shared a look with Vince and Laird flipped the woman over so that she was on all fours and without waiting, plunged himself deep inside her dripping core, ramming his cock into her almost brutally but she seemed to love it, as each thrust elicited a guttural moan. Laird's ass muscles flexed as each powerful thrust buried his cock deeper into the woman's body and Emma felt herself growing helplessly aroused until she was squirming against Vince's hand, pressing against his palm for more pressure. Something was building at her core, something she couldn't name, but she wanted it - craved it - and it frustrated her that she didn't know how to attain it but Vince seemed to know and he was effortlessly guiding her there if only she could let go and trust him. But she didn't trust him and that was the crux of it. She twisted and pushed away from, disoriented and aching from a need she didn't fully understand. "No," she cried, and stumbled away from him. "I don't want this and I don't want you!"

But even as she shouted the words, the din of the club whisked the sound away and she realized tears were streaming down her cheeks. She didn't want Vince's touch. She didn't want him to be the one who awakened her latent sexuality. He was the exact opposite of everything she appreciated in a man so why was she burning up inside with desperation and need? She turned and bailed, running as quickly as her dream legs would take her, away from Vince and his darkly handsome face and solid strength and away from the scorching shame of her own arousal. "No! No! No!" As she pushed her way through the crowds, she realized she was no longer on the second floor but strung up in the dungeon with her attacker and her confusion coalesced into a cold, greasy knot of fear. There was no one to save her and her attacker was advancing with that wicked implement of torture. She kicked and screamed but no one heard her. No would come. She was in the clutches of a madman drunk on power and if she escaped with her life, it would be a miracle. All those feelings of frantic panic, despair and agony returned in a symphony of pee-your-pants fear and all she could do was scream.

#

Vince heard moaning from the bedroom and immediately got off the phone with Nolan to investigate. At first he puzzled at the faint moans until he recognized the anxious scissoring of her legs beneath the blankets and he grinned. Whatever was happening in her dreams must've been pretty hot because her nipples had pearled in her sleep and she was twisting and moving as if someone were caressing her body with phantom hands. Watching her felt wrong but he couldn't tear his eyes away. She was such an enigma to him, part feral cat - hissing and scratching - and part vulnerable China doll with plainly broken parts. He wondered who was in her dreams that made her wet with need but even as the natural curiosity flitted across his thoughts, he didn't like the way it made him feel to know that she'd allowed someone - anyone but him - touch her so intimately. But the minute he realized the faint touch of jealousy he shut it down. What the fuck did he care about her sex life? She was nothing to him aside from a detail he had to manage. Just like he had her sister. Once they'd solved the mystery of who was using Malvagio for their own purposes, he'd close the book on Lana and Emma Winters. Emma...her name left a delicious taste in his mouth. Nolan had discovered her identity a few moments ago, which hadn't been difficult once Emma herself had outed her relationship with Lana. Emma Winters...the name fit her seemingly delicate disposition, which was a total ruse. Emma was pretty damn tough. He'd expected her to crumble after her ordeal but she'd proven to be far tougher than he'd imagined, choosing to bounce back with her fists raised rather than sink into a deep, dark place inside of herself like her sister had. Poor Lana...such a delicate flower. He wasn't sure who had brought her to the club, no one had copped to it, which was probably because they would've been banned for bringing someone who hadn't been vetted and cleared. Vince kicked himself for not pursuing the matter more aggressively at the time. Now they had a bigger mess. Another moan pulled his attention and he realized she was no longer moving with arousal but jerking in fear. Her lips parted and a whispered cry escaped, her brows pulled in a mask of total terror. He shouldn't have been so affected by the sight of her whimpering but it pulled at a place inside of him that he'd long since shut down and padlocked. He didn't stop to question his actions, too intent on soothing her ragged cries and immediately went to her, drawing her gently into his arms. "It's okay, you're safe," he murmured softly against her crown. She hiccupped and clung to him, burying her face against his chest, unknowingly cleaving to him as if he were the only thing between her and death, and his heart stuttered painfully. Someone else had looked to him for protection and he'd utterly failed her. He closed his eyes against the wash of memories that assaulted him, wishing to God he could forget but in all his pleas to heaven and above, none had been answered. He was reminded daily of how he wasn't worthy of someone to love for his own. Isabel had put her trust in him, yet he'd known her heart had belonged to Dillon. And now he had this little dove who'd managed to stir his blood in a way he didn't welcome but couldn't deny? He held her tightly, inhaling the unique scent of her essence and knew she was trouble in more ways than one but he couldn't bring himself to push her away.

#

Emma awoke with a start and without thinking buried her nose against the solid wall of muscle cradling her. Relief over realizing she'd been suffering from a nightmare and not a reboot of that horrid night blotting out rational thought. But as her nose tingled at the sensual scent of clean male skin and the sharp bite of aftershave, she sucked in a wild breath and pushed hard against the wall of muscle, nearly falling from the bed in shock. "What are you doing?" she demanded to know, pulling the sheets practically to her chin. "Why are you in bed with me?"

Vince climbed from the bed, seemingly unperturbed by her outburst but answered curtly, "You were having a nightmare. I was trying to shut you up before you disturbed the neighbors with your caterwauling."

"I do not caterwaul."

"Would you prefer the term screeching?"

No. That wasn't very flattering either. "Well, I'm fine so keep your meat hooks to yourself."

"Meat hooks?" He stared. "You, little dove, have an appalling sense of gratitude."

"Kidnappers are not allowed to critique the manners of their hostages," she said, looking away, refusing to be made to feel guilty for her brusque brush-off. No one had asked him to climb into her bed just as no one had forced him to hold her hostage. She took no responsibility for his pique. But she had to admit now that her heart rate had slowed to a normal and steady thump, she'd been wildly grateful to feel his solid strength wrapped around her. In that crazy moment between sleep and complete awareness, she'd been instantly soothed by the feel of his arms holding her tight and her fuzzed brain had told her she was safe. Of course, when she'd realized she was in Vince Buchanan's arms, her scandalized brain had told her something completely different, something along the lines of Run, you stupid idiot! and she'd reacted accordingly. So, why did she feel like such a jerk? She wasn't the one who was holding a person against their will. "If you have a problem with my attitude you could always just let me go." At his dark scowl, she exhaled a short, frustrated breath. "Fine. It's your funeral. I hope you have a great lawyer because I am going to sue the pants off you." She realized her mistake the second the words flew from her mouth but it was too late to take them back.

Vince's mouth curved in a sardonically sensual smirk as he said, "I have excellent lawyers - as in plural - and if you were interested in getting me out of my pants, all you had to do was ask."

"Oh!" Her eyes widened as she scowled. "As if! Get over yourself, Buchanan. The very idea makes me want to vomit."

If only that were true. Emma hated to admit but the idea had to be somewhere in her subconscious otherwise why would she have such a shameful dream about him? Ugh. Thank God, he couldn't read minds. Her mortification would burn her alive. But seeing as she doubted he had mind reading capabilities she was happy to cling to outward appearances. He need not know that her dream had featured him and some quite scorching scenes that she didn't even fully understand but she knew arousal in its most primal form. And everything about Vince was primal male.

She suppressed a shudder but Vince's quick eye caught the motion. "Do you need more blankets?" he asked brusquely and she nodded, happy to cover her visceral reaction to him and all his overflowing masculinity. He abruptly left and returned, tossing a thick blanket to her. "Thank you," she said awkwardly, then ventured to ask, "So...do you have any idea when I might get some clothes? Unlike other women in your company, I do not relish the idea of lounging around naked."

"Your clothes should arrive later today. But if it were my wish for you to remain naked, you certainly would remain so."

"Is that so?" Oh, the arrogance, she wanted to scream. "And what makes you think you could make me do anything?"

"I can make you do all manner of things," he said with a shrug, causing her fingers to itch with the desire to lob something heavy and blunt at his thick head. "The key to motivating anyone is finding their currency. Laird told me that you pleaded with him to release you so you could care for your sister."

"Yes, that's true," she agreed cautiously, not trusting where this was going one bit. "And?"

"And I've discovered your currency is your sense of responsibility. So, I've had Laird go procure your sister."

What? "What do you mean procure?" She stilled, her brain freezing. "What the hell are you talking about?"

He smiled, slow and deliberate. "I told you, I would find your motivation. You've been fighting me tooth and nail since I rescued you, making this situation ten times worse than it needs to be. I need your help in catching whoever did this to you and your sister. You'd think that you'd be more helpful but instead you've been an irritating twit and I've tired of your games."

"Games?" she gasped, outrage blotting out her good sense. "How dare you!"

He waved away her outrage and continued. "Your sister is in good hands. Laird will take excellent care of her while you do your best to be accommodating."

"You can't do this," she protested, unable to believe his nerve. "You can't just go around plucking people off the street to do whatever you want with them. What kind of world do you live in where that's remotely okay?" She was beginning to shriek but she didn't care. She hoped his eardrums burst and bled. "I'll call the cops and then you'll go to jail, you miserable son-of-a-bitch. My sister has been through an unimaginable trauma because of your club and now you're going to make it worse!"

"Don't be so dramatic. Laird seemed quite intrigued by your sister. He'll treat her like a queen. He loves to pamper and dote on women. But if you continue to stonewall me, I will make your life - and by proxy - your sister's life very difficult."

"And how is that?"

Instead of answering right away he said, "It must be a challenge caring for your sister on your meager freelance salary. I would imagine that it's very important to protect your connections just to make rent every month." His gaze narrowed to a point and she suffered a very bad feeling in her belly. He was going to blackmail her into helping him. He'd found the perfect way to force her to bow her head and walk ten paces behind him by using Lana against her. Emma began to shake and angry tears threatened to fall but she held them back, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of seeing her break. "You're a smart girl," he said approvingly. "Good. You can see where this is going, which means I don't need to spell it out. Fall in line or you'll find yourself without work for the foreseeable future. No one will cross a Buchanan, not even for a pretty face like yours. So unless you want to find yourself swinging that tight little ass on a stripper pole, you'd better adjust your attitude - quickly - because my patience is shot. Got it?"

She wanted to tell him to go to hell but he had her. Since the incident, Lana hadn't been able to work. Her sister wasn't exactly agoraphobic but Lana became extremely agitated around strangers, almost to the point of pure panic if she felt overwhelmed, which had made it impossible to hold down a job. "I need to talk to her," she said, trying for a brave front. "Lana is..."

"Laird told me," Vince cut in, his tone gentling with the slightest note of understanding. "No harm will come to her. You have my word."

"And what is your word worth?" she couldn't help but ask without masking her bitterness.

"My word is worth everything I have and more," he answered and she heard no mocking couched in the reply, which for some reason settled her nerves a bit. She shouldn't trust him but what choice did she have? Until she figured out how to best him, she had to pretend to cede defeat. Satisfied with her nod, he said, "One more thing, you will be required to sign nondisclosure paperwork, which you may do over dinner tonight. Appropriate clothing will be brought to you."

She ground her teeth. "I'd prefer to eat alone."

"I didn't ask for your preference. Strike one, little dove. Three strikes and you're out. Am I clear?"

"Perfectly." She gave him a sweet, completely fake smile. "And am I going to be required to suck your cock after dinner, too?"

At that he laughed and she grumbled at his amusement. "Little dove, if you feel so moved to go down on your knees and suck my cock, I wouldn't deny you, as long as you don't bite."

"Well, I do bite," she replied, then snapped her teeth for emphasis.

His gaze narrowed sharply. "In that case, we'll skip the foreplay and go straight to bending you over the dinner table. Sound good?"

"You're a pig."

"You have no idea." He dipped his head ever so slightly and then said, "Until this evening, then..." before leaving her alone again.

She exhaled sharply and dropped her head in her hands. Her entire body ached and groaned from her ordeal but the pains of her body couldn't rival the agony in her mind as she worried about Lana with that licentious Laird Tiechert, who was no better than the Buchanans in his pursuit of pleasure, no matter the obstacle. Lana had always been a bit naive and sweet, always seeing the good in someone no matter how broken and damaged they were, and it was that innate goodness that had managed to put Lana in that wicked place to begin with. Of course, Lana refused to talk about that night, saying she didn't remember much but Emma wasn't so sure that Lana's memory was fogged but rather purposefully blocked. Lana had no interest in remembering what had happened to her.

And now Lana was in the care of Laird...Emma suddenly felt queasy and made a wobbly rush to the restroom but Just as she reached the toilet only bile came up because she hadn't actually eaten anything. Emma sat on the cold marble tile of the polished executive bathroom and her shoulders shook with silent tears. This was her own fault. If only she'd been prepared for trouble, she could've handled herself. Now, she and Lana were forced to dance to Buchanan's tune, whether they wanted to or not.

-7-

Now that Vince had Emma's sister he didn't worry about her leaving the minute he turned his back, which freed him up to take care of some details before dinner. Satisfied with the way things had panned out in his favor, he was humming a tune as he awaited his twin at Envy, his favorite designer dress shop. Most times he would've handed off the task to his executive secretary but since Penny had gone off and married his older brother Dillon, he and Nolan had not yet filled her former position so the task was left in his hands. Not that he minded, actually. He rather liked the idea of hand selecting the very clothes that would go on Emma's body. The power gave him a very satisfying pleasure and he was not above savoring it.

Vince wouldn't lie, he enjoyed knowing that he was bending the rigid woman to his will and thus going dress shopping put a small smile on his face until Nolan walked in, looking as happy as a drowned cat. "Why are we meeting here?" Nolan asked.

Vince paused in answering, instructing the leggy, pencil-thin proprietor, Dana, that he wanted to see every dress she had in the color red, then returned to Nolan, saying with a subtle frown, "I wanted your opinion on a dress and I also wanted an update on everything you've managed to uncover about Emma Winters. I figured we could kill two birds with one stone."

"Why are you buying a dress?"

"Because as much as I'd enjoy seeing Emma sit across the table naked during dinner, something tells me she's not going to let that happen. At least not yet."

Vince expected his twin to chuckle at his joke but Nolan's serious expression didn't so much as crack. "You're playing a dangerous game, Vince. Emma Winters is unlike some airheaded starlet looking to sleep her way to the top or even a woman who's just looking for a good time."

"Oh? You know her well?" Vince lifted his brow, unimpressed thus far and becoming annoyed at the general killjoy his twin had become as of late. "My brother, you've become far too prudish in your married old age. Lighten up and tell me what you know about my little dove."

"I probably shouldn't but seeing as we're both tied to Malvagio, here goes. Emma Winters is twenty-six and the oldest daughter of Mike and Sarah Winters - both deceased after a car accident when she was eighteen and her younger sister, Lana, was fourteen."

"Tragic," Vince commented, wondering how he could use that information to his advantage. Given that information, it was readily apparent why Emma felt responsible for her sister Lana; Emma's been taking care of her sister since she was a young girl.

"Yeah, but she's pretty tough. She managed to put herself through college, in spite of having to work two jobs and care for her sister. She graduated with a degree in journalism-"

"Which nowadays is pretty much useless," Vince cut in dryly and Nolan agreed.

"Yeah, and that's why she's had a hard time finding a job. There just aren't many newspapers looking to hire new journalists when a lot of print newspapers are going digital only or going out of business completely."

"Don't we own a newspaper?" Vince asked, trying to jog his own memory.

"We did but we sold it. It kept losing money year after year."

"Pity. I might've enjoyed offering her a job just to watch her gnash her teeth at me. She's a spitfire," he mused, mostly to himself. To Nolan, he asked, "Anything else?"

Nolan shrugged. "Not really. She's a poor, struggling freelance writer. She barely makes her rent most months but she's honest. Everyone I talked with said she's always professional and always does a good job."

"No boyfriend?"

Nolan sighed, knowing Vince too well. "No," he answered.

"Excellent. I hate entanglements."

"Let's stay focused on the issue at hand. We need her help to catch who poses a threat to the club, nothing else. Right?"

"There's nothing wrong with combining business with pleasure. Isn't that what we've spent our twenties doing? I like to think I'm pretty good at multi-tasking."

"She's nothing like the women we're accustomed to," Nolan warned.

"Good. I bore easily." Vince lifted a strapless red dress that looked as if it'd need to be painted on and held it up for Nolan's opinion. "She has beautiful tits. What you think of this?"

"Forget the dress. We have bigger problems. What are you doing with this woman? Laird told me that he's holding onto Emma's sister on your orders. Are you blackmailing her into helping you?"

Vince shot a look at his brother, irritated. "And what if I am? It's nothing you and I haven't done before. Sometimes the ends justify the means. I'm not about to go down in flames just because you were afraid to pull the trigger. There was a time when you were just as ruthless as I am. It's not my fault that your new wife is holding your nuts in Aubrey's diaper bag."

"Watch it."

"Hey, don't get me wrong. I love my niece and Shannon's pretty nice, too but you've made some major changes since they crashed into your life and I don't even know you anymore. I want my brother back." He regarded Nolan with sadness. "Remember when we used to prowl the clubs, taking what we wanted without apology? Fucking women together? Sharing everything?"

"Of course I remember," Nolan answered quietly. "I'm not that guy anymore and I don't want to be."

"Why not?" Vince shot back. "There was nothing wrong with being who you are."

"It's hard to explain. I guess I had an epiphany and I realized I didn't want to be that guy anymore."

Vince stiffened. "And what guy was that?"

"The guy that our own mother wouldn't want to know," he answered, pulling no punches. "If she knew half the shit we'd done...hell, it's embarrassing just to think about it."

"Speak for yourself. I'm not ashamed of anything I've done," Vince said, hating that Nolan had thrown the mother card in. "Besides, she died before we really got to know her at all and I don't let the ghosts of strangers run my life."

Nolan realized he wasn't going to win with anything he had to say, so he let it go. "I didn't come to fight with you. Nor did I come to listen to you insult my wife. Or my nuts. I'm worried about you, Vince. Lately, you haven't been the same. Dillon and I both worry that you're on some self-destructive course, and we want to make sure that that's not the case."

"I'm touched by your concern. I'm fine." Great. An inter-fucking-vention from two of the biggest hypocrites of the year. Vince tossed the red dress in his hand and reached for another. "You know before Dillon came back and got all respectable, you and I were unstoppable in this town. Now both you and Dillon are neutered and I'm forced to prowl the streets alone. I'm not doing anything that you and I didn't do together so stop judging me and stop being such a pansy."

"Yeah, we did a lot of shady things together. But that's the point. There comes a time when you have to stop dicking around and start taking responsibility for your life. Before Shannon, I never realized that money wasn't everything. That saying was just some trite statement that people who don't have money would say. At least that's what I thought. She made me realize that there is more to life than money and if I lost it all right now I'd be okay because of Shannon and Aubrey. What would you do if you lost all the money?" he asked in earnest but Vince wasn't interested in having a philosophical conversation. He was horny as hell and the one person he wanted to satisfy his urge with, was the one person who wanted to claw his eyes out. He tossed the second red dress and grabbed the third. Nolan pressed harder. "There was a time when you would've settled down. There was someone who made you want those things. And I feel responsible, as we all do, for what happened to Isabel. But she's been gone a long time, man. It's time to let her go and move on."

Vince shot his brother a warning look. "Don't talk about shit that you know nothing about. I was using her just as you were. Don't try to make it into something it wasn't."

"You can lie to anyone else but you can't lie to me. I know how you felt about her. There's no sense in putting up a front. I loved her too but not like you did. Hell, I'm pretty sure you loved her more than Dillon even, but she's gone and your soul climbed in the grave with her."

"Don't waste your time rewriting history. You want to remember things how you want to remember them but I remember things as they were. Isabel was a pretty piece of ass that I wanted and so I took it. The relationship, if you can call it that, ended badly. End of story. But why the hell are you bringing up Isabel? She has nothing to do with what's going on with Emma. From a pure business standpoint, we all have a lot to lose if Malvagio goes down in flames because of this. Emma wasn't being cooperative so I had to find a way to force her hand. I don't feel bad about it and I'm not going to back down. Even if you are not interested in protecting the club's interests, I am. Unlike you, I'm not ashamed to do whatever it takes."

"Did it ever occur to you that you should be? That's the problem, Vince. We both lost sight of what it means to be human. We became our father - the one person that we swore we never would. And if you keep doing what you're doing, you'll end up just like him or worse."

Vincent threw the dress to the ground, eliciting a gasp from Dana as she hovered on the fringe. "We can agree to disagree and leave it at that," he growled. "And I really suggest that you leave it because right about now I've had it with your self-righteous act. In case you've forgotten you're no angel. The difference between you and me is, I never pretended to be."

Nolan shook his head, disgusted with Vince. "You're impossible to deal with right now. When you pull your head out of your ass let me know and we'll talk. Until then - you're on your own."

Vince watched as Nolan stalked from the dress shop. Dana stood nervously off to the side, eyeing the discarded dresses with dismay. Vince barely glanced at her before curtly announcing, "I'll take the strapless in a size four. Add shoes to match."

"Yes Mr. Buchanan," she said rushing over to pick up the red cloud of discarded dresses. "On your account then?"

He nodded, adding, "Throw some jewelry in, too. Whatever would look good." He didn't know why he threw in the jewelry and he didn't really want to ask examine his reasoning too closely. Nolan had thrown him off with his amateur hour psychoanalyzing and now Vince was off-kilter.

Why'd Nolan have to go poking at the hornet's nest? He hated that Nolan knew him so well. He hated that Nolan knew how he'd called their personal jeweler to look at some rings because he'd been on the cusp of throwing everything he had on the table and asking Isabel to marry him. He would have even raised Dillon's child as his own. In fact, he would have done anything for Isabel. But things had spiraled out of control so quickly, he hadn't had the chance to make his offer. The day Isabel had taken a swan dive from the top of their building, was the day that Vince realized he'd been beyond foolish to imagine he would be a proper choice for anyone respectable. Deep down, he was missing something crucial - something that kept him from breaking other people. So, yes, there had been a time when he'd naively thought he was capable of settling down but he wasn't a foolish boy any longer and for that he was grateful. Now he went into each situation with his eyes wide open. He made no promises and he offered no sweetness. He liked a firm ass, nice tits, and plenty of variety and he made no apologies for it. And if anyone had a problem without they could go fuck themselves - including Nolan.

#

Emma had just exited the shower when there was a soft knock on the bedroom door. She quickly wrapped herself in a large fluffy white towel and for lack of any other clothing had no choice but to open the door wearing only the towel. She was surprised to see a plain-faced, but very kind looking older woman on the other side. "Hi," she said with a smile wreathing her face. "I'm Janie. I'm here to do your hair and makeup."

Hair and makeup? There had to be some mistake. "I'm sorry, I don't know why you would be here to do my hair and makeup."

"I don't know but it must be something special because Mr. Buchanan said he wanted you to look your best, which shouldn't be hard because you're already beautiful."

Emma blushed around a wan smile, not quite sure how to accept the compliment without seeming as if she were condoning Vince's inappropriate gesture. She didn't want the woman to get the wrong impression about her but then, Emma didn't want to be rude, either. Her brain blanked and she had no choice but to allow the woman to walk in and get settled with her makeup trunk and hair accessories. Emma had never had anyone do her makeup and hair in her life. She'd missed out on prom, being too busy trying to scrape by with a little sister to feed. So when her girlfriends had been going to the salon for their special dates, Emma had stayed behind with Lana, splurging on popcorn and soda for a rental movie night. And it definitely felt weird to have it done now. Particularly knowing that Vince Buchanan had ordered it so. "This really isn't necessary," she began as she sat in the chair that Janie had pulled forward. "Mr. Buchanan I are not dating or anything like that." She wanted to make that very clear right away. "I don't even know why he wants this done. We have more of a business relationship. We're not even friends. I don't really like him in the least," she tacked on just to make sure there was no confusion as to how she felt.

"Oh, honey you don't have to explain your relationship with Mr. Buchanan. It's none of my business."

Emma cringed, wondering how many women this Janie had primped for dates with Vince Buchanan. He probably made silly women who valued silly things swoon at the attention. The idea made her want to shave her head so he had nothing to have primped but her hair was her one vanity and knew not even she could go that far. "I'm not that kind of woman," she felt it necessary to clarify. "We are working together to..." She searched for the right words. "Well, we have mutual business interests that we are trying to protect." What a total lie but she couldn't rightly say that Vince was blackmailing her into helping him solve a crime that should've been reported to the police. But it didn't matter what she said because Janie simply smiled and went about her business without comment. "Maybe just a blowout and some light makeup," Emma suggested, looking for the easiest way to be done with this embarrassing situation.

Janie clucked and giggled. "Oh, no honey. Mr. Buchanan gave express instructions for you to have an updo. He wants to see your beautiful neck." Janie leaned down to whisper conspiratorially. "Don't be surprised if he wants to put a lovely necklace on that beautiful neck of yours. Mr. Buchanan loves showing his appreciation for a woman's attributes."

"God, I hope not," she muttered, appalled. "I don't want jewelry from him. I don't want anything from him," she couldn't help but add.

"Be that as it may, Mr. Buchanan gets what he wants and if he wants you to look like a gorgeous princess on his arm that's what he's going to get because that's what he's paying me for."

"Not to be rude or anything but is there anything Vince Buchanan can't buy?"

Janie didn't take offense and answered cheerfully. "Not that I'm aware of. He is a very good customer. In this economy when you find a good client you hold on to him even if sometimes his requests are a little bit different."

Okay, that comment piqued her curiosity. "What do you mean? How different?"

"Sorry, nondisclosure."

"Oh yes, of course," Emma said. "I'm being required to sign one of those tonight, too. Makes you wonder...what does he wish to hide from the rest of the world? Normal people certainly don't walk around shoving nondisclosure paperwork in people's faces the minute they meet unless they have something to hide."

"Forgive me dear, but you've obviously never been around extreme wealth."

She frowned. "Well, that's true but I don't see how that's relevant."

Janie's voice was indulgent as she explained, "It's a necessary component when dealing with someone as highly sought after as Mr. Buchanan. You know how many women have tried to put a ring on that man's finger? They've chased him from one end of the globe to the other. Not that I blame them, Mr. Buchanan is a beautiful man."

"I wouldn't say beautiful," Emma said, pursing her lips in disagreement. "Maybe mildly handsome or deviously charismatic or maybe even fiendishly seductive but definitely not beautiful. When I hear the word beautiful I think of nice people - people whose goodness radiates from the inside out. I definitely would not call Vince Buchanan beautiful. The man doesn't have a single cell of innate goodness in his entire body."

"My my, he's sure made an impression on you I can see. You're probably the only woman in the city who doesn't want a piece of him."

"Damn straight I don't want a piece of him. At the moment I have too much of him and it's definitely not on my list of desirable."

Janie chuckled as she quickly blew out Emma's hair and began setting it in big rollers. "I've worked with Mr. Buchanan for a very long time and I can tell you that while he may bark, he rarely bites. And that's all I'm going to say."

"Oh, he bites all right." But Emma had to wonder what Janie meant by that. How could she possibly mean that he was all bark and no bite? He'd obviously never threatened Janie's livelihood. Perhaps he had never coerced her into doing something she didn't want to do. "Well, let's just say that perhaps the way he treats you is not the way he treats everyone."

"Oh, that's entirely possible. But I know a thing or two about people. Comes with the territory. When people sit in my chair I become the therapist. I don't know how it happens but it does. And I can tell you Mr. Buchanan is one of those people who puts the meaning behind the saying 'still waters run deep.' Personally, I find a man like Mr. Buchanan fascinating. That and he's definitely not hard on the eyes. If I were just a bit younger and as pretty as someone like you I might be one of the many women chasing him down."

Emma shuddered at the thought. "I'd rather be running in the opposite direction." At that Janie laughed and begin carefully applying Emma's makeup. "So how did you meet Vince?" No offense to Janie but she didn't seem the type to be running around Malvagio. "I mean, you seem nice."

"Thank you honey, I like to think I am. I met Mr. Buchanan at a fundraiser."

"Fundraiser?" She barked a short laugh filled with derision. "Fundraising for what?"

"Breast cancer research," Janie said, effectively snuffing out Emma's plethora of rude comebacks she'd been thinking of spouting. "I was one of the speakers as a survivor and Mr. Buchanan was moved by my story. He's been a loyal client ever since."

"Oh." Now she felt like a jerk. "You're a survivor?"

"Yes, ma'am. And every day is a blessing that I won't soon forget."

Should she ask? Emma had to know. "Not that it isn't a great cause, but why was Vince at a breast cancer fundraiser?"

"It isn't for me to say but I can tell you that he feels very strongly about the research and he's a generous contributor to the cause. Even if he can't attend the local fundraiser, he always sends a big check. I wouldn't say this if it weren't already public knowledge, but it's because of Buchanan Enterprises that anyone who can't afford a mammogram can apply for a free exam, courtesy of a special fund facilitated by the Buchanan family."

Emma fell silent, unable to process this information. How had her research missed that little nugget of information? Because she hadn't been looking for positive news about the Buchanans, only the dark, salacious kind that they would've been more inclined to hide. "I didn't know that about the Buchanans," Emma murmured, momentarily speechless at the information. Well, one good deed did not exonerate them, she told herself. But, she'd be lying if she didn't admit that the information had tilted her ship just a little.

And that was a problem.

If she wasn't convinced that Vince was the enemy in all things...how was she supposed to keep her distance when her hormones were plainly interested in playing the part of wanton harlot, if even just for the night? She pressed her lips together. "He's making me go to dinner with him," Emma blurted out. When Janie didn't respond, Emma added, "How do you know he didn't put these bruises on me that you're trying to cover up?"

Janie pulled back and regarded Emma with a look that she imagined her own mother would've graced her with if she'd said something similarly outrageous just to get a reaction. "Mr. Buchanan is not an abusive man. He's strong and opinionated and certainly accustomed to getting what he wants, but he's not a man who would put his hands on a woman. Ever. I don't know anything about this dinner date but I do know, you're probably the only woman who would dream of turning him down. Your reasons are your own but don't try to drag a good man down simply because you don't like him. Chances are you don't truly known him."

"What if he's not a good man?" she said mulishly.

"Well, that's a matter of opinion." Janie handed Emma a mirror and she gasped at her own reflection. Her bruises were well hidden beneath Janie's artistry and her face...she didn't even recognize the woman staring back at her. "Beautiful," Janie said with approval as she gently smoothed a stray curl trying to escape from the elaborate updo that made her look like a movie star getting ready to walk the red carpet.

"Wow" was all Emma could say and Janie laughed, saying, "Let's get you into that dress and I guarantee Mr. Buchanan will be the one saying 'wow' next."

Emma didn't want to feel like a princess in a fairy tale but standing in that dress, primped and prettied beyond anything she'd ever known, she couldn't help but giggle at the ridiculously giddy feeling threatening to steal her good sense. "It's very pretty," she admitted to Janie with a shy smile.

"Oh honey, it's more than pretty. It was made for you."

"I agree."

Emma nearly toppled over at the sound of Vince's voice at the door. She wobbled in the heels and with Janie's help righted herself. He wore a dark suit that accentuated his devilish good looks but it was what he held in his hands that caused her jaw to drop as he said, "But it still needs something..." He approached with a glittering diamond necklace that looked as if it could feed a nation and she almost passed out from holding her breath when she realized he meant for her to wear it. He stepped forward and gently clasped the necklace in place and she sent a tremulous smile to Janie who beamed.

"Perfect, Mr. Buchanan," Janie said.

Vince held her stare and he murmured in agreement, "Yes, she is. Shall we?"

Emma took his arm and sent a look to Janie, unsure of what exactly was happening. Was she really, actually leaving on Vince's arm as if they were dating? This was surreal, she told herself. Totally surreal.

And she was totally falling for whatever glamour Vince was throwing around because for a moment, she wondered if she'd been totally wrong about Vince Buchanan and if that were true...what did that mean for tonight?

She supposed she was about to find out.

-8-

Vince sucked in a tight breath, as Emma accepted his arm. He could feel her trembling as she put one foot in front of the other, her gaze trained directly ahead as if she were afraid to meet his gaze for fear of what she'd see. If she dared to look into his eyes, she'd see the hunger seizing control of his senses for he'd been strung taut the second he laid eyes on her. The red had been the perfect choice - too perfect in fact. The fine fabric clung to her sweet curves and made the most out of her plump breasts and flared hips that he itched to drive himself deep inside her willing heat to stake his claim. He wanted to brand her with his touch, make her his in ways that baffled him. Sweat dotted his hairline and he realized if he didn't get a hold of himself he'd end up dissolving into a puddle of unattractive goo. He never lost his cool - ever. But he felt dangerously close to that edge right now. His insides shook and his mind refused to stop bouncing from one thought to the next, like an unruly dog jumping on springs to escape the fence.

"Where are we going?" she asked as he led her to the awaiting Towncar. "You know this isn't necessary."

"I will determine what is necessary and what isn't."

She lifted her shoulder in a small negligent shrug as if to say, it's your dime, and climbed into the Towncar. He caught a flash of leg as she did so and his groin tightened almost painfully. What was wrong with him? There were no mysteries with Emma. He knew what the red dress concealed so the usual anticipation of revealing the treasures of a new conquest shouldn't be distracting him. He knew the size and shape of her lovely nipples and the fact that she had a tiny birthmark on her hipbone like an angel's kiss marking an erogenous zone. So why was he shaking like a leaf in the wind at the very idea of lifting the hem of that exquisite dress and feasting his eyes on what he'd already seen?

"Tell me about yourself," he instructed, eliciting a quick look of surprise from her blue eyes.

"Why?"

"Because I want to hear from you what I already know."

She scowled, hating to be reminded that he was in control. "And why should I do that?"

His temper began to build at her stubbornness but then he realized Emma would never yield through sheer pressure; she would rather break first. And he had no interest in breaking her tonight. Particularly when he felt out of sorts himself. "Let me try again," he said, offering a small smile that he hoped was disarming. In truth, Nolan was the charming one but he'd picked up a tip or two over the years from watching the master at work. "I realize we've gotten off to a terrible start and I want to rectify that if I can. I'd like to work as a team for mutual benefit."

"That's impossible. You're holding me hostage and it's too soon for Stockholm Syndrome to kick in so I am not the least bit sympathetic to your cause. I'm here because you're making me. Have you forgotten that you're blackmailing me?"

"No and it's unfortunate that I couldn't find a better way to encourage your assistance but I thought if we could break down the barrier between us, you would be willing to help me without coercion and thus, together we'd find a mutually agreeable solution to the problem at hand."

"You really want to work together?" she asked, her brows lifting in wary surprise. "Even if it means eventually shutting down Malvagio for good?"

"Let's just say, I've been thinking long and hard about my involvement with the club and I'm open to new possibilities," he said, lying through his teeth. Shut down the club? Not in a million years. No one told Vince how to run his life, not his brother, and certainly not this pretty piece of ass sitting close enough to touch. But he needed her cooperation and he was willing to tell her whatever she needed to hear to get it. "You have to understand, I never imagined that someone might use the club for such purposes as hurting other people. The whole idea behind Malvagio is a consensual freeing of the senses, using all manner of tools and toys. Surely, that's not a bad thing?"

Emma slid her tongue along the seam of her bottom lip, unsure of how to handle a calmer, more genteel version of himself and Vince nearly crowed. "I don't know...on the surface I would say, I suppose not but indiscriminate sex with strangers goes against everything I believe sex should be about."

That intrigued him. "Oh? And what should sex be about? I mean that with all sincerity," he added when she started to bristle. His quick clarification took some of the hot air from her sails but she looked reluctant to share her feelings about the subject until he pressed. "I wasn't raised with a traditional value set and it's beginning to become apparent to me that I might've missed out some important lessons. Maybe you could help me to understand how you feel."

"Oh. Well, um, okay. But if you're asking me this only to mock me later, then I'm not going to share personal stuff," she warned and he held up two fingers with a murmured 'scout's honor' and she scoffed at the idea. "I doubt you were ever a Scout."

"Not true. I was an Eagle Scout, believe it or not."

"And if I don't believe it?"

"Then I will have to drag my achievement medals out from their boxes in storage to prove it to you."

A tiny smile lifted the corners of her sweet mouth and he realized he liked her smile very much. He would endeavor to make her smile more, he decided. Perhaps even laugh.

"So how did you go from Eagle Scout to morally-deficient lothario?"

He chuckled even though she had just lobbed an insult his way. "I suppose poor guidance? Or maybe I'm just drawn that way. Either way, we are who we are."

"Tell me why you are an ardent supporter of breast cancer research," she said, surprising him with her straightforward question. At his raised brow, she shrugged saying, "You're not the only one good at research."

He hadn't expected her to lob a very personal question his way but he supposed it was fair game. By the end of the night he wanted to know everything there was to know about Emma Winters and he planned to get very personal indeed. He could participate in a little quid pro quo if it pleased her. "My mother died of breast cancer when I was seven. I can't help but wonder if I might've turned out differently if she'd been around. Before I totally ruin your opinion of me as a self-serving, arrogant bastard, it's the one and only charity I support. But then again it's not hard to write a check so I try not to toot my own horn too loudly."

She nodded, digesting the information. He wished he could have a window into that quick moving little mind of hers. He'd give anything to know where her thoughts were going. The fact that he cared at all what she thought was another revelation to him. Not a comfortable one at that. "I'm sorry to hear about your mother. Your father is dead as well, yes?"

He nodded. "His death didn't affect me as deeply as that of my mother. My father... Let's just say if you think I'm an asshole then he would've been the king of assholes. We didn't exactly get along - too much alike, I suppose. By the time he died I was more than ready to see the last of him."

"Do your brothers feel the same way?"

"Pretty much. He wasn't much of a father. He was more of a CEO than a family patriarch." Vince shrugged when he saw a hint of sympathy creep into her eyes. "It is what it is and I don't dwell on the past. Tell me about your parents."

But before she could answer the town car slowed to a stop as they arrived at the restaurant. Vince was half tempted to tell the driver to circle around the block because he didn't want to shatter the illusion of sharing confidences but she was only too eager to climb from the car.

The restaurant, one of the most pompous places he knew, catered to people like him and he knew instinctively that Emma would probably hate it, or if not hated, at least find herself out of her element. He could've picked a less pretentious place but for some reason he had wanted to drive home the point that he had more money than he knew what to do with and that she couldn't possibly compete with him on any level. Perhaps it was petty but he preferred to think of it as ruthless. He may wear the veneer of a charming gentleman when it suited him but deep down he was a shark and she would do well to remember that, if even on a subconscious level.

But Emma, he discovered, was unpredictable. When she saw the restaurant her eyes lit up and she smiled, saying, "I read a review on this place and it was very complementary. I can't wait to try their food on your dime because the prices are ridiculous. I mean, who really wants to pay $300 for a giant plate with hardly anything on it?"

Vince stifled a chuckle. God, he felt the same. He only brought people here when he wanted to impress or intimidate. And clearly, she'd sailed past either attempt with flying colors, choosing to grab the moment with a hearty sense of adventure. How could he not identify with such a kindred spirit?

The moment they crossed the threshold the maitre d expediently seated them in a private corner as was the custom whenever a Buchanan frequented the establishment but Emma was too busy gazing in wide-eyed wonder at everything around her to notice much else, including his hand at the small of her back as he guided her to her seat. She graced him with a brief smile even as her eyes lit up with delight as if she forgot for the moment that she hated him and Vince's heart nearly stuttered to a stop at how blindingly beautiful she was when she turned on that 100-watt smile without reservation. But she must've remembered her circumstances a heartbeat later for she quickly smothered the smile and Vince saw the walls go back up. The wine arrived and Emma took a quick sip, probably to bolster her nerves and he enjoyed watching her every move from above the rim of his own glass. "Do you approve?" he asked of his wine choice.

"I'm not much of a wine drinker," she said by way of an answer. "It could be the best or the worst and I wouldn't know the difference."

"Good to know. In other words, you're a fairly cheap date."

"I don't actually date that often so I can't rightly say but if you're using that as a gauge then, I guess you would be right because I'm more of a burgers and beer kind of girl."

"You don't date? Why not?"

"No time."

"Ah, that's right. Too busy scraping together a meager living."

"It's an honest living," she defended, bristling a little. Her pride was adorable. He couldn't remember the last time he took such obvious pride in something. "I'm proud of what I do and I do it well."

"So I've heard," he murmured. "You're a decent journalist. Too bad it's a dying career."

"There will always be a place for the light keepers," she countered. "If not the press, who would keep people like you and the politicians and their special interest groups in check?" She smiled and he granted her the point. "True, it's more difficult than ever to find a job in this economy but something will turn up. In the meantime, freelancing works for me. I rather like having my own schedule."

"It does have its perks," he agreed, swirling his wine gently before asking, "So, tell me, what had you hoped to accomplish by crashing Malvagio?"

Emma hesitated, a slight frown pulling on her brows. "I don't know. I guess I thought I was going to do an expose on the crowd that frequents an elite sex club. It's exactly the salacious kind of story that people want to read about these days. Plus, I wanted to punish you for what happened to Lana."

"You know I never condoned that sort of thing happening in my club. I would never support true violence against women."

"Really? Then why the dungeons? Seems medieval to me."

He chuckled. "Some players in the BDSM lifestyle like more rigorous play than others and we like to think we can accommodate most kinks." She bit her lip as if holding back something and he pressed for her to go for it. "Go ahead...ask what you want to know. With you tonight, I will be an open book," he offered graciously.

"Is that so? Aren't you afraid that you might share something I could use against you?"

He laughed. "No."

She scowled at his arrogance but he found her pique incredibly enticing. "Careful, Emma...you're irresistible when you're angry. I would hate to find reasons to purposefully yank your chain just to see the fire dance in your eyes."

"You're impossible," she grumbled and took a drink of wine. "Fine. Are you really as depraved as you put on to be? I mean, do you like to play like that with all those whips and chains and whatnot?"

The fact that she'd asked about his sexual preference caused his groin to tighten with sudden and immediate lust but he kept his expression neutral as he answered with a shrug, "Not as much as all that but I do love the feel of a nice firm ass beneath my palm. But even if I don't enjoy going so far as to cane a woman to get off, I am absolutely depraved. Would you like to know what I really enjoy?"

"No," she answered quickly but he was going to tell her anyway.

He leaned forward. "I love stuffing a woman with cock in every place. I love the feel of fucking a woman with my cock firmly planted in her ass while another cock fucks her pussy, both cocks simultaneously rubbing together, separated by a thin wall of membrane...there's nothing better."

Her blue eyes were wide as saucers. "Do you always...share your women with others?"

"Not always."

"For whom have you made an exception?"

Vince took a long moment, searching his memory. None came to mind but as he made that realization, he made another - the idea of sharing Emma with anyone made a growl pop from his throat and startled him. Jealousy? Really? He forced a smile and said, "Does it matter?"

She pulled back. "No, I guess it doesn't."

"Good. Have I satisfied your curiosity?"

A shudder escaped her ability to hide the involuntary reaction and he grinned, loving how easily he could tilt her axis. If only she didn't have the same power over him. Holding himself in check was becoming more difficult as the moments ticked on. Why did he want her so badly? A problem, that, he thought dryly.

"So, you've done some digging into my private life. I assume privacy means nothing to you?" she asked, plainly uncomfortable with his digging yet she'd had no compunction against digging around in his business. His little dove was a raging hypocrite. His slow smile took her off-guard. "Stop that," she instructed after another quick swallow. Careful, sweet girl. Too many more swallows like that and you'll be drunk before you know it. His smile widened at the thought of a pliable and less prickly Emma Winters. "Stop smiling at me like that. It makes me feel as if I'm a lamb being led to slaughter."

"Perhaps you are."

"Perhaps," she agreed, adding with suspicion. "Is that why you've brought me here? To kill me with your version of kindness so that I'll be more cooperative?"

"And if I were?"

"It wouldn't work."

"And what if I said I could give a shit about your cooperation and would rather take you back to my place and fuck your brains out?" he asked, going for the shock value but his cock didn't know that and immediately reacted, going full-surge at the very idea. It was all he could manage to not adjust himself and was suddenly very thankful his lower half was hidden beneath the table.

Two high points of color flashed in her cheeks and she reached for her wine, all but downing it before answering but when she did, she tried to appear as if his question had not just tilted her sidewise. "You're not my type," she announced with a shrug. "I know that's hard to believe given how gifted you believe you are but, you really do nothing for me. There's just no chemistry. At all. Aside from the fact that your lack of morals and ethics are an instant turn-off, you and I would never suit."

"And here I thought opposites attract."

"No you didn't. You don't believe in that crap anymore than I do. You're a realist, not a romantic."

"Actually, I'm an opportunist," he corrected her mildly, his thoughts still zeroing in on the delectable dirty things he'd love to do to her. At this rate, dinner would be a torturous affair if he didn't at least get to slip a finger beneath her dress to sample what his tongue was dying to taste. "I never let an opportunity pass me by to take something I want."

"Well, you can't always have what you want," she replied sweetly, the wine loosening her tongue. "Sometimes life is filled with disappointment."

"Perhaps for others. Not for me."

She groaned. "Oh, you're impossible. What's it like to live in your world?" she asked with a note of sarcasm. "A world where no one tells you no, and you're always assured of getting your way? It must be endlessly boring to never face a challenge."

He chuckled as he poured her another glass of wine. "I could show you," he offered.

"No thanks," she said quickly. "Something tells me the road to temptation is paved with Buchanan gold."

He laughed. "Oh, come on, don't be such a puss. Let me give you a taste of my world. No strings attached."

"No strings? I don't believe anything you do doesn't come without fine print. Before I know it, you'll be coming after me for my firstborn as payment for whatever you have in mind," she said dryly and he stilled at the very idea as a strange flutter in the pit of his belly took him by surprise.

He leaned forward and he snagged her gaze as he said quietly, "Only if it were mine. And if that were the case...nothing would stop me."

Emma's breath hitched in her throat and for a long moment neither could break the spell weaving itself between them, tightening as it went round and around, drawing them inexplicably closer even though neither had moved a muscle. Vince's hunger and need to claim the luscious woman across from him reached to a fever pitch and he half wondered if he were losing his mind or drugged. This sort of nonsense didn't happen to him. He didn't believe in fairytale romances nor love at first sight. He believed in the tangible expression of attraction between two people and that's all this was. He was madly, ridiculously attracted to Emma, for reasons he couldn't define and he was alternately freaked out and buzzed beyond belief. He'd never felt more alive. And he would do anything to put her, naked and writhing beneath him, fucking her until the sun rose the next morning. Anything.

A wickedness blotted out the confusion of his feelings and he focused on his mission for the night. He'd already confessed he was an opportunist so she shouldn't be shocked when he created an opportunity to put her in his bed.

#

He was trying to get her drunk. The transparency of his tactic should have warned her to slow down on the wine but a part of her was giddy and feeling reckless. Why was he so damn handsome? Why couldn't he be one of those balding billionaires with a large paunchy belly and high-pitched feminine whiny laughter that came mostly from their noses rather than their throats? No, that was too much to ask. Vince Buchanan had to be quite possibly the most good-looking man she'd ever come across - most definitely the most virile. And that distinctly feminine part of herself, the one that she ignored so that she wouldn't feel lonely on those Friday nights when everyone else was out having a good time and she was back at her apartment eating ice cream and watching rental movies was seriously licking her chops, wondering what one night would be like with the brute.

"I just want to go on the record as saying I know what you're doing and I think it's pretty sleazy," she said, feeling as if she didn't throw that out there, every step made forward for feminine empowerment would disappear.

"And what exactly am I doing?" he asked, intrigued.

"Trying to get me drunk so you can get into my pants," she answered without pulling any punches.

The low rumble of amused laughter sent chills skittering up her skin. "You're not wearing pants. And would that work?" he asked.

"No." Maybe. The truth of it was she hadn't been with a man in a long time. Sex was very low on her priority list but faced with the idea of spending some naked time with someone like Vince....No! She hated him, a voice reminded that drunken little slutty voice whispering justifications in her head. "It absolutely won't work because I am not attracted to you. As I said before, you're not my type."

"Yes, you mentioned that. Let's play a game," he suggested, surprising her. "If I guess what kind of guy you typically allow in your pants, as you say, I get a kiss."

"One kiss?" she repeated, mildly disappointed he hadn't asked for something more scandalous. "I suppose that's fine."

"Anywhere I like."

She gasped, her cheeks flaring instantly. Oh! That sneaky Buchanan. "On the lips only," she added, though she should've shut him down completely. "But you'd better be dead-on accurate or you lose and get nothing."

"One thing you should know about me is that when the stakes are high I never lose."

Emma didn't doubt that. "We'll see," she said.

He leaned back and regarded her with open scrutiny, searching for the answers through the windows of her eyes and she wondered how close to the truth he would get. Not that it mattered, she wasn't going to grant him a kiss. She'd lie through her teeth if she had to to prevent his kiss from happening.

"In the past, you've been attracted to men who don't threaten you in any way. Beta boys who are kind and considerate to the point of castrating themselves so as not to offend you in anyway. They're always politically correct and never make the first move, which in a way suits you because you like to be in charge but deep down, you don't respect them because you find them to be pussies." Her breath caught and a subtle frown followed as a protest bubbled to her lips but he wasn't finished, saying, <br/>

He cursed silently. How could he have thought that the girls wouldn't share information with one another? Now he had to come clean. "I hadn't wanted to say anything because I didn't want you upset," he explained. "There's a situation with a club that the twins own and we're trying to get it figured out before it gets out of hand."

"If he has a beat up girl holed up somewhere, I'd say it's already out of hand, don't you think?" Penny said, wincing and blowing out a deliberate breath in an attempt to manage the pain. When he paused, more concerned about his wife than the problems with Malvagio, she gestured for him to continue, saying, "Believe it or not, it helps to focus on something other than how crappy I feel. Nobody tells you that nine months pregnant is akin to torture. Everything hurts and my feet are swollen."

"Your feet are beautiful," Dillon assured her but her dubious expression said she didn't believe him. He went to the edge of the bed and started gently rubbing her feet. She smiled, her eyes going warm and misty with appreciation. He smiled as he rubbed, saying, "Don't go ruining my reputation as a hard-hearted jerk by sharing how I rub your feet at night."

"Your secret is safe with me," she said, nodding. "Oh! Yes, right there at the arch. Gently...ahhh, that's nice. Now what were we talking about? Oh, that's right...this club. What club is this?"

"It's a private club called Malvagio and before you ask, yes, it's a sex club and no, I'm not a member nor have I ever been there."

"Does Shannon know about this club?"

"I'm not sure. She must know something because she knows about the girl."

"True. I wonder why she didn't say anything about it though? Maybe Nolan only shared the barest of details. Shannon can be a little judgmental at times."

Dillon agreed. "Well, that's his problem and I don't envy him. The situation is that someone has beat up two girls - sisters of all the dumb luck - and it seems personal."

"Against the sisters?"

"No, against the twins. I think it was just a coincidence that the girl - her name is Emma Winters - got caught up in the same web as her sister, Lana."

"It's going to be impossible to catch who did this. People come and go out of clubs every night."

"Not exactly with Malvagio...it's a members only establishment and it's only open on Saturday nights on an invitation only basis. It shouldn't be too hard to track down who was on the guest list that night."

Penny frowned. "Assuming that person was an actual member. Maybe they snuck in."

"Twice? No, something tells me whoever did this is a member," Dillon said.

"Why? Does the club have video surveillance?"

"Yes, but whoever did this knew how to avoid getting his face on camera. All we have are back shots and he's wearing a dark suit in a dark room."

Suddenly Penny sucked in a wild breath. "Oh, that was a good one," she said, a little shaky. "Your kid is using my kidneys for a soccer ball."

"Athleticism does run in my family," he joked but he was really starting to wonder if Penny was going into labor. He didn't have much experience - okay, he didn't have any experience with this sort of thing - but he was starting to think that maybe a trip to the hospital would be a good idea. "Maybe we ought to call Dr. Shabaz and have him check you out," Dillon suggested to which Penny waved away his concern.

"Honey, I'm nine months pregnant. There's bound to be some discomfort. I could really use a hamburger. I'm starving." She looked to him with a sweet smile and he couldn't deny her even if it was ten o'clock at night and he had no idea where he was going to find a decent hamburger at this hour. But just as he went to grab his keys, she made a small gasping sound and he whirled around to see a red-faced Penny, looking distressed and plainly embarrassed at the growing puddle beneath her, wetting their expensive sheets.

"Um...sweetheart? Did you just...pee?"

"No," she wailed, her eyes widening. "I think my water just broke!"

#

Nolan had just closed his eyes when his cell went off on the nightstand with a soft, insistent buzz. He snatched it up in the hopes of catching it before it woke Shannon but she bolted awake the moment he grabbed it. "Is it Penny?" she asked blearily, rolling onto her side with a yawn.

"Yeah, it's Dillon," he answered to Shannon. To Dillon, he said, "Is it time? Is Penny in labor?"

"Yeah! I thought at first she peed but-"

"Don't tell everybody that! It's embarrassing enough as it is!" Penny yelled in the distance and Nolan grinned as Dillon continued with a quick apology, plainly rattled by the idea of being a father.

"So, do you want us to meet you at the hospital?"

"Well, Dr. Shabaz said early labor could take hours, how about I let you know in a few hours how things are going?"

To Shannon, he relayed what Dillon had said and she nodded in agreement, her eyes already closing again. "First babies are notoriously slow. I was in labor with Aubrey for eighteen hours. We'll stop by in the morning after we've had coffee." At then Shannon was sleeping again.

"Okay, the boss says we'll stop by in the morning after coffee," Nolan said, grinning. "You doing okay?"

"Yeah, I'm good." There was a pause and then, "Holy shit...I'm going to be a dad!"

"It's a fantastic gig," Nolan said, thinking of Aubrey. "You're gonna do great. Just remember...this is the easy part." There was a groan in the background and Nolan clarified. "This is the easy part for you. Good luck, big brother."

Dillon said a hasty goodbye and then the line went dead. Nolan settled back in bed and Shannon instinctively cuddled up to him. He quickly dialed Vince's number but it went straight to voicemail. Instead of leaving a message, he sent a quick text: Penny in labor. Meet us at hospital tomorrow morning. And then he put his arms around his wife, excited for Dillon and Penny and wishing he'd been there for Aubrey's birth. He would've died to hold Aubrey in his arms the moment she took her first breath. Unfortunately, he hadn't known about his little girl until she was two. Long story, that. All that mattered was that he had his girls now. Why couldn't Vince find the same kind of happiness? He wanted his twin to know how amazing it felt to hold the woman he loved in his arms and watch the mischievous light spark in his child's eyes. All those years Nolan had spent doing things that would've made their mother ashamed...he'd been trying to fill a hole left deep inside. And now that he had Aubrey and Shannon, he never wanted to go back to the way things were. Vince needed to come around - he needed closure.

Isabel...set Vince free before he kills himself trying to run from the past. This has to end somehow.

But even as Nolan murmured the small prayer, he didn't hold out much hope. Vince seemed on a collision course with destruction no matter how hard they all tried to pull him out of the skid.

And that worried the hell out of Nolan.

He couldn't lose his twin, it would be like losing a piece of himself.

Nolan tightened his arms around Shannon.

In the end, all he could do was have faith that fate had bigger plans than mere mortals could understand.

-10-

The night ended and Vince shepherded Emma from the restaurant and into the Towncar but instead of instructing the driver to take them straight to the penthouse, he gave him an alternate location, a place with privacy and a spectacular view.

They pulled up to an area known as The Widow's Peak, a bluff that overlooked the city and parked. "Where are we?" Emma asked, accepting his help from the car to look around. "You're not bringing me out here to kill me, right?"

He cut her a sidewise glance. "You watch too many movies. Besides, if I were going to kill you, would I bring my driver as a witness? I'm no expert in the crime of homicide but I would imagine that's something you'd want to do without witnesses."

"He could be your accomplice," she suggested but she allowed him to draw her closer to share his warmth as he took them to the highest spot with the best view. "Oh...that's pretty," she exclaimed softly, settling against him. If she felt his rock hard cock pressing against her backside, she didn't mention it. "I never knew this was here. How did you find it?"

"My father owned the property with the hopes of building a hotel but he never got around to it and the land just sat empty and unused. Nolan and I used to come out with friends and get drunk." And other things.

"You were really bad boys, weren't you?"

"I could deny it but we both know I'd be lying. Yes, we were bad boys."

She turned to him, wetting her lips. "Are you still a bad boy?"

"The worst," he answered quietly, drawn by the sweet promise of those beautiful, pouting lips. He wanted her so badly he shook with it. Why had he brought her here? He should've had the driver take them straight to the penthouse. She shivered and he gently rubbed the bare skin on her shoulders. "Are you cold?" he asked.

"Yes."

"Do you want to leave?"

"No."

He reached up and pulled the pins from her hair so that it tumbled in loose, bouncy waves down her back. Vince buried his hand into the soft hair at the nape of her neck and pulled her closer. She came without resistance but her eyes had widened. "Are you still in pain?" he asked.

"A little," she admitted a bit breathlessly. "Nothing a little ibuprofen won't take care of."

"Good." And then he couldn't wait a moment longer before he tasted her lips, felt her tongue against his. The petal soft press of her lips gave way to the invasion of his tongue as he swept her mouth with an expert, almost feather-light touch meant to explore and excite. She shuddered and he tightened his grip on her, needing to feel more of her body against him. A wild rush whooshed through his veins and the need for more seized his ability to think rationally and stomped it into pulp. Their tongues twined and danced, sliding against one another in a symphony of awakening desire and soon he was practically holding her up as she'd literally gone weak in the knees. He grinned and scooped her into his arms, stalking for the Towncar. So much for the grand plan to slowly seduce her until she was putty in his hands. He deposited her on her feet at the door of the Towncar and instructed the driver to take them to the penthouse - immediately.

But he didn't think he could wait. His eyes were crossing with need and his vision had narrowed to Emma and only Emma. Her breath had become shallow and her pupils were dilated, betraying her desire as well. He was thankful for the privacy shield on the Towncar for he didn't want an audience for what he wanted to do to her. With a growl, he pulled her onto her back and lifted the hem of her dress, sliding the fine fabric up her thigh until he reached the apex and caught sight of the tiny square of panty hiding what he wanted most. "What are you doing?" Emma asked as if embarrassed and tried to push her dress back down.

"You still owe me that kiss."

"You lost the bet," she said with a shake to her voice. "And what do you mean you didn't get your kiss? What were we doing outside? Felt like kissing to me."

He cocked his head at her and gently pushed her hand away. "I did not lose. You and I both know you lied, which means you forfeit and I win either way. But that's not the kiss I was looking for. Now stop trying to be in control and let someone who knows what you need, give it to you."

"Oh God," she said, clapping her hand over her eyes. "I can't believe this is happening. I'm not really into this sort of thing. I'm sorry, I'm sure you're very talented but I'm just not into this...you know, type of thing." He ignored her and tugged her panties free, tossing them to the floorboard as he feasted his eyes on the lovely little mound and sweet, dewy cleft. Had he ever seen a more beautiful pussy? He couldn't wait to taste and explore those secret feminine folds but he soon realized Emma was babbling and he smiled, eager to hear her words turn to gasps. "I mean, I know guys feel obligated to go down on a woman but- Oh!" Vince parted her nether lips and dipped his tongue inside for an exploratory taste, wanting to savor every second of her essence on his tongue. His eyes slammed shut as a wave of intense lust overtook him, rocking against his ability to remain cool and in control, even in his most intense sexual encounters. He wanted to own every moan, every gasp, every sensation rioting through Emma's body starting with this moment. He buried his face between her damp folds, inhaling the beautifully feminine musk, loving it more than any expensive perfume ever dabbed along a female's flesh. Vince found the rigid fleshy nub and began to mercilessly tease and coax it into swelling beneath his tongue.

"Oh God," she whimpered, her hands clutching mindlessly at the black leather, her hips jerking as he held her down, anchored to his marauding mouth. "V-Vince...oh God...Ohh! Ohhhh!" Sweat dampened his hairline as he pushed her to that edge, needing to know that he'd made her cum. It mattered to him unlike ever before that he was the one to make her shatter. Within seconds her thighs began to shake and he crowed silently, driving that tempo to its final conclusion. Cum for me, baby, he thought, lapping at the tiny, engorged little clit, and then she stiffened and her strangled cry was music to his ears as she thrashed against the waves rocking her body. He pulled away slowly and watched as she rolled to her side, curling into a limp ball as she gasped with the pleasure. Finally she flopped to her back to stare at him, almost uncomprehending of what had just happened. When she could speak again, she slowly sat up and tried to push the wild hair from her eyes. She looked adorably disheveled and it occurred to him that she looked more beautiful now than all dolled up. Perhaps he would keep her in his bed at all times. "I never knew..." she said, then as if realizing she'd spoken outloud, blushed and looked away. "I don't even know what to say. This is embarrassing."

"Nonsense," he disagreed, shocking her when he pulled her into his lap. "There is nothing embarrassing about satisfying one's desire. Haven't your lovers brought you to climax before?"

She looked away, biting her lip. "Um, not like that."

"Did you like it?" he asked gently, completely enchanted with the soft and vulnerable expression on her face, knowing she was anything but soft. He snagged her chin when she refused to look at him. He shared in a low husky tone, "I liked it very much and I will do it again...very soon."

Emma's breath caught and he captured her lips, wanting her to smell herself on his lips. In Vince's opinion, there was nothing more sensual than the smell of a woman's musk and Emma's scent in particular drove him wild. Vince sensed beneath that prim exterior was a passionate woman dying to live life to its fullest. The fact that she buttoned herself down to satisfy some sense of forced responsibility made him want to tear down every wall and introduce her to untold pleasures. When he pulled away they were both breathless and nearly tearing at each other's clothing but before they could get very far, the Towncar stopped and Vince all but jerked Emma from the car and rushed her to the penthouse elevator. The second the doors closed, he was at her again, needing to taste every inch of her skin before the night was through. Don't think, just feel, he told himself. Emma hopped into his arms, her dress hiked up to her hips, exposing the sweet ass that he couldn't wait to slap as he pounded into her tight body, and he carried her through the door, slamming it shut behind him with his foot.

They reached the bedroom and he set her down. "Dress off. Now." It was all he could do to utter the words, his throat was strangled with the need to fuck her senseless. She fumbled with the zipper and with a growl, he turned her over and relieved her of the dress with a jerk. She gasped and went to roll from her belly to her back but he was on her before she could finish the rotation. "Not so fast. I like you right like this," he said against her ear. He loved the vulnerability of a woman on her belly, her soft, feminine parts, lifted for his perusal. Fucking a woman doggy-style was his favorite and he was nearly shaking with his desire to have Emma that way. He divested himself of his own clothing and palmed his thick, swollen cock. "On your hands and knees, little dove," he instructed and she rose, looking back at him, her gaze going straight to his cock. "Do you like what you see?" he asked. Her cheeks burned brighter but she nodded. "Say it. Tell me you want my cock," he said, going to her, bracketing her hips with his hands, his mouth going dry at the lovely sight until he saw the bruises someone else had left on her smooth skin. He would make that bastard pay for daring to mar Emma's body. He would rip the fucker's head clean from his shoulders if he got the chance. Vince rubbed the cleft where his mouth had been only moments prior and gently inserted his finger but the moment he pressed, she yelped and collapsed on her stomach with a shudder, clenching her legs shut.

"I'm sorry," she cried, scrambling to a sitting position, her eyes glazed with more than arousal. "I can't."

And he knew why. She started to babble an explanation but he didn't need one and immediately shooshed her, instead pulled her close, more intent on calming her than anything else. His heart beat with the urge to commit murder at seeing Emma react like that because of what had happened. Emma buried her face against him. "I want to," she said, almost mournfully. "But the minute you touched me like that...it reminded me of what he'd done to me without my consent. I'm sorry..."

"There's no need to apologize," he said gruffly. "It's understandable."

He should've been pissed at being denied. Vince had never suffered a rejection of this kind without finding an immediate alternative outlet but he felt no desire to fuck anyone but Emma. Emma intrigued him, he told himself when an alarm sounded. How could he not be? She was a contradiction in all things: smart yet reckless; sexy yet naive; and defiant yet vulnerable - all wrapped up in the hottest body he'd ever seen.

And her eyes were pretty spectacular, too. Not that he was the kind of guy who waxed poetically about a woman's eye color. But, yeah, Emma was hot in all sorts of ways.

Vince was not a patient man but he found himself willing to wait for Emma to be ready. For the moment, anyway.

#

Emma felt hot and scratchy and wretched. She'd been fully prepared to let Vince ruin her for the night and then, suddenly everything had been really ruined by her unexpected reaction. It'd just been Vince's finger yet suddenly, she'd been right back in that cursed dungeon being beaten and violated by a stranger and every hot, slippery feeling in her downstairs area had evaporated, leaving her crying and trying to get away from the man who'd given her the single most amazing orgasm she'd ever experienced.

How embarrassing.

"Where did you learn how to do that," she asked, when both their breathing had calmed and they were simply lying in each other's arms (and yes, she was tripping a little at that even but she really liked it just the same.) "I mean, you must've done that a lot of times to get that good."

He shrugged. "Practice does make perfect."

"So modest. Do I want to know how many women you've...you know."

"No."

"Dumb question," she muttered to herself, then added. "Well, I really liked it. I guess I never had it done well enough to know what I was missing."

A low chuckle rumbled from his chest and she smiled. "So you mean to tell me that none of your beta boys liked eating pussy?"

"I don't know if they liked it or not but they weren't very good at it. I think I told myself that I didn't like it much to spare their feelings so they didn't feel inadequate."

"And what do you think about it now?"

"I think I don't want to go back to not having it," she admitted, adding sheepishly. "When do you think you might want to do it again? Just the oral part, I mean."

He stilled and she thought perhaps she'd inadvertently offended him. He rose above her, his gaze finding hers in the dim moonlit room and what she saw made her breath squeeze from her lungs. He was so powerful, so virile - and yet, when it had mattered - so gentle. "Tell me what you want and I'll give it to you," he said.

She swallowed, her entire body warming at the instant heat generated between them. "I want you to do that thing to me again..." she whispered.

"Tell me." Emma blushed. He wanted her to talk dirty to him, to tell him how much she loved the feel of his mouth on her most sensitive parts, making her cry out like a beast in heat. She twisted against the shamefully erotic feelings bouncing through her body, igniting the engines and chasing away any remaining terror. He captured her mouth gently, coaxing her lips open, teasing her tongue with his as he murmured against her mouth. "Say it, little dove. Tell me what you want and I'll give it to you."

"I want you to...eat me," she said, squeezing her eyes shut at the wild lust that pounded through her at the dirty words. "Eat me, Vince. Make me cum again and again!" Any other time she would've cringed at the words dropping from her mouth but she was consumed with the need to experience that internal explosion that freed her from the need to think and if it meant talking dirty, she was willing to do it. With some practice, she might even get good at it.

And then Vince was sliding down her body, kissing and sucking as he went, creating a fire in the pit of her belly that threatened to consume her if she wasn't careful. But she didn't want to be careful. She wanted to forget everything that'd happened in the last six months - including what'd happened to Lana and how her life had changed in an instant.

"You taste so good," he said as he buried his face between her folds, sucking and licking, teasing and nipping until she was gasping and crying with pure, unadulterated pleasure. This was insanity and she welcomed it with open arms. "Yes," he murmured when she clutched at his head, urging him on, any lingering shyness trampled by the wondrous need crashing through her body. She clamped her legs around his neck and he gripped her ass tightly as he drove her to that edge without mercy once again. And like a well-oiled machine, he rang her bell a second time, leaving her gasping and crying and shuddering all at once. But this time she wanted more than to lie limply as she recovered, she wanted more than she could possibly imagine that she would want to take from Vince Buchanan. When he pulled away, she pushed him down to the bed and anchored herself on his cock, closing her eyes at the delicious sensation of being stretched to accommodate his thick length. This was no finger. And thus, she had no reservations about taking it all the way. She quaked as her body exploded with riots of pleasure, the head of his cock rubbing against a sweet spot that she'd only experienced glimpses of pleasure from in the past. She moaned and rocked against that spot, losing herself to the pleasure of having her G-spot stimulated and when she hazily opened her eyes she saw the most erotic vision she'd ever seen - Vince, straining, the cords popping in his neck as he groaned, his hands anchored on her hips as she rode him. She could feel him surging against her and she imagined the mushroom head of his cock blooming as he lifted his hips in time with her rocking thrusts. "Oh God, yes, Vince!" she cried out, barreling toward that cresting moment, everything shaking and tingling as her entire body went on high alert until her mouth dropped open and her eyes rolled into her head with a different climax than the clitoral explosion she'd experienced earlier. This time, she nearly lost her mind with the pleasure rocking her insides, melting her will and turning her into a gasping, crying, moaning porn star with all cameras trained on her for the money shot. "V-Vince..." she whimpered as she fell forward on his chest, trying to catch her breath but he wasn't finished. She was barely aware when he rolled her to her back and began pounding into her, his face a mask of carnal focus. His muscles stood out as he lifted himself above her, his hips thrusting as his cock continued to drive her and she wrapped her legs around his torso as he lifted her into his lap, cock still buried inside her. "I can't take anymore," she said, losing her mind to the pleasure beginning to build inexplicably again.

"You were made for sex, baby," he said, nailing her to the wall, ravishing her neck as he filled his palms with her ass. "I could fuck you all day and never tire of the feel of your pussy clenched around my cock."

She thrilled at his dirty words, wondering how she'd ever thought sex was hardly something to get worked up about. Clearly, she'd been wasting time with those beta boys. "Tell me how you'd like to fuck me," she said, tugging on his earlobe with a light nip of her teeth. She'd like to bury her teeth in his luscious ass! What would it be like to stick her tongue...she could barely say the words even in her head but she found the idea incredibly hot.

"I'd like to bend you over and fuck you so hard it jars your teeth," he growled and she loved the sound of it.

"Then do it," she said with a wicked laugh. "Fuck me raw, Vince Buchanan!"

"My pleasure," he said and as they tumbled to the bed, there was a resounding crack from beneath them, but Vince didn't seem to care. And in fact, when she said, "I think your bed just broke" he shrugged and flipped her to her stomach, saying he'd buy another. His answer caused her to laugh giddily. If it'd been her bed, she'd have freaked out. She couldn't afford new sheets much less a new bed. But before she could say something to that effect, he'd grabbed her hips and pulled her backward so that her ass was in the air, ready for him. She shivered but had little time to do much more before he'd seated himself deep inside her channel with a good thrust. In this position, he could go much deeper and a groan popped from her mouth. Good God, she felt impaled - and it felt better than she'd ever imagined it would.

Now she knew why women trailed the Buchanan's like lost sheep.

Hell, anything that felt this amazing should be against the law because two seconds later, she was lost to rational thought and her sense of self just left the building.

All that mattered was that Vince's cock never stopped fucking her.

-11-

Vince awoke slowly and realized Emma was curled into his side. For a long moment he remained, the memory of last night dominating his waking thoughts and causing a warm smile to follow. Emma's body next to his felt right. He didn't want to examine that reasoning too closely, not just yet. There was plenty of time to dissect it to pieces later. For now, he wanted to savor whatever this was.

Emma stirred and her hand slid across his chest as she burrowed closer to him. Her small body fit like a puzzle piece against his and it took everything in him not to pull her right on top of him for an early morning romp. His third leg was certainly willing as evidenced by his hard-as-iron erection that was practically tenting the sheets but he wanted to give Emma a chance to recover, considering she was still healing from her ordeal.

Speaking of...he sighed and grabbed his cell phone, turning it on. He'd purposefully shut off his cell last night so he could focus all of his attention on Emma but he had to return to the real world eventually. As he'd expected, he had multiple voicemails but it was the one from Nolan that had him bounding from the bed.

Emma peered at him as she yawned, saying, "What's going on?"

"Shit!" He stubbed his toe on the dresser as he ran by picking up clothes and jerking them on. "I missed a really important phone call from my brother. Get dressed. Hurry."

Emma frowned and rushed to find some clothes. She grabbed the first thing she could find of the clothes Vince had brought to her and followed his lead. "Is it about the club? Have they found who attacked me and Lana?" she asked.

"No, it's Penny....she's in labor. Or at least she was around 10 p.m. last night. Hell, how long does it take to pop out a kid? Maybe the baby's already here? Crap. I'm going to catch shit for not taking that phone call."

"Baby? Wait a minute...you want me to come with you to the hospital?"

"Yeah," he answered, running a toothbrush across his teeth. "I can't leave you here."

"And why not?"

"Because I don't trust you not to run off. Regardless of what happened between us last night, the fact remains that I need you here with me until we figure things out about the club."

She stared, openly wounded. "Oh, I get it. Last night was just sex. Nothing has changed between us. I'm still a prisoner and you're still an asshole."

"C'mon, cut the crap. I never promised a happily-ever-after after one night of sex. Get over yourself."

"You get over yourself," Emma shot back but her eyes glittered. "I can't believe I thought for a second that you weren't the cold-hearted dick that you seem to be. I was wrong...you're worse than a cold-hearted dick - you're an unfeeling bastard!"

"That's right sweetheart," Vince said, fighting against the feeling that he was fucking something up that could be really great. Screw that. He didn't need this kind of entanglement in his life. Besides, it was better to douse that sappy look in her eyes now than later when she's more attached. He was doing her a favor, which she would realize after she's had some distance. "Now get dressed. I want to leave in five minutes, no later."

And then he walked away as if he'd already forgotten she was there, even though his heart was telling him he was making a huge mistake.

#

Rotten, arrogant, bastard!

Everything she'd ever discovered about Vince Buchanan was true and yet she'd somehow been blinded to the plain truth. It was her own damn fault for being so gullible and a closet romantic. She dashed angry tears from her eyes and dressed quickly, hating him for awakening a part of herself that she hadn't known was there and yet craved all the same. She stared hatefully in his direction, until he gestured with a curt motion to hurry up and then she flipped him off.

"Is that an invitation for angry sex when we return?" he asked with a smirk and she wanted to throw something at him. "No? That's a shame. Angry sex can be hot."

"Fuck off." She shouldered past him, too wounded and shamed to offer anything more scathing. Her mind was screaming at her for being so stupid as to allow Vince past her mental defenses when she clearly knew him to be a wretched human being.

They rode in the Towncar to the hospital and it was difficult to forget what they'd done on this very leather last night. In fact, Emma took a delicate sniff, was that sex she could smell? Oh good Lord, please no. Could her mortification be any worse than it was now? Maybe her brain was playing with her nose. With as many women as Vince dallied with, he probably had instructions to his driver to swab the seats regularly to avoid leaving any tell-tale evidence behind. Ugh. The thought made her queasy. She was just one more notch in his belt. Nothing special or different. Had she thought that she would be? Maybe a little. The truth stung.

"You will be on your best behavior around my family," he instructed as the Towncar pulled into the hospital parking lot. "Do you understand?"

"I'll just wait in the car so as not to feel compelled to ruin your family get-together," she countered sweetly. He scowled and she followed with a small smile. "I mean, there's no need to explain our awkward relationship to anyone. I would imagine it might look bad for you."

"They already know about you and nothing I do surprises my family."

"Oh? Do they know you're holding me hostage? Prisoner? And that to compel my cooperation, you've kidnapped my sister as well?"

"Yes."

Her mouth snapped shut. Of course they knew. Wretched bastards, the lot of them. "Ugh. Whatever. You're all going to hell."

"Maybe. But in the meantime, you will behave yourself. Got it? This is a big day and I don't want it ruined for Penny."

"And who is this Penny?"

"Dillon's wife."

"And if I don't behave?" His menacing glower actually sent an excited shiver down her spine. Even when he looked mean enough to strangle kittens in his spare time he was ridiculously handsome. Oh, damn her hormones. He was pure evil with an angel's body. "Oh fine. I'll behave myself but not because you're ordering me too but because babies are a blessing no matter who their parents are. So you can stop glaring at me like that."

"Good." They climbed from the Towncar and entered the hospital, detouring to the gift shop where Vince attempted to pick out a present but after several moments of total uncertainty, ended up looking less formidable and more panicked. "I have no idea what to buy for a baby," he admitted, looking to her with what looked like a plea for help.

She ought to let him twist in the wind for being such an insufferable jerk but in spite of herself, she sighed and decided to help. "The present isn't for the baby, it's for the mom. Here," she walked over to the large walk-in freezer and selected the biggest bouquet there and thrust it at him. Then went to the stuffed animals and picked out a generic brown bear with sweet eyes. "And pair it with this. So you have something for mom and something for baby. Done."

Vince nodded as if her explanation made sense and approved of her selection. After paying, they headed for the maternity ward. They rounded the corner and saw the balloons festooning the entrance to the room and suddenly, it occurred to Emma that she was about to meet the entire Buchanan clan as if she were a girlfriend or something more permanent than the true circumstances. A sadness pulled at her when she found herself wishing that it were true. Was this neediness a consequence of mind-blowing sex? She'd never felt this intense pull toward anyone in her life. Not to mention, she'd never been so insanely attracted to the same man she wanted to murder in the same breath. The whole situation was confusing. Even now, the idea of angry sex had begun to have some appeal. And that was plain crazy! One thing was for sure, she was going to have to gird her female loins because her hormones were dancing a lively tune that was hard to ignore, no matter all the good reasons why she ought to run as fast as she can in the opposite direction of wherever Vince was standing.

#

Vince didn't know why he brought Emma along when he could've easily dropped her off with Laird but the idea of being separated from Emma didn't appeal to him at all. He wanted her around to keep an eye on her, he told himself but deep down he knew that might be horseshit. He supposed if he was going to lie to himself, he ought to, at the very least, come with something more inventive.

When he looked at Emma, a hunger he'd never known curled itself around his insides and squeezed really hard, but instead of feeling as if it was killing him, it made him yearn for more. Weird, wacky shit - and he wasn't happy about it. For a while he'd dabbled in illicit drug use and the way he felt about Emma reminded him of that time - intense, frightening and addictive. He wanted more of her. He wanted to know everything about her, from the mundane to her innermost secrets. Like that's going to happen. She looked angry enough to spit nails in his direction.

Not that he blamed her. He'd been a dick. That was his specialty, of course. Breaking hearts, being heartless, either/or take your pick, he excelled in both.

But as he entered the hospital room, intent on making a perfunctory visit and then splitting with Emma, the moment he saw Dillon holding a tiny bundle, tears streaming down his brother's face, everything slowed to a stop and became almost surreal. They were all there, Nolan and his wife and daughter, Dillon, Penny and the new baby.

"There he is," Penny acknowledged with a tired smile, motioning them into the room. Her gaze moved to Emma with a faint question but she let it go and he was grateful. Penny was the only one who might raise an eyebrow and give him a ration for his actions. Thankfully, it seemed giving birth had taken the fight right out of her for the moment. Vince hugged her and pecked a chaste kiss on her cheek before pulling away and handing the gifts to her. Penny accepted the flowers and smiled. "Beautiful. Can you put them on the nightstand for me?"

"Of course," Vince said, hastening to move them for her. He propped the bear up next to the lamp and moved to Dillon to peek at the baby. "Well? Boy or girl?"

Dillon looked at Vince with such pride as he answered, "A boy" that even Vince's throat closed with emotion. "Robert Dillon Buchanan. Isn't he perfect?"

Vince peered at the tiny bundle and before he could protest, Dillon put the baby in Vince's arms. "Wait," Vince said, terrified that he might break something so small and vulnerable. He shot an uncertain look at Emma and her small, almost reluctant smile shot something pure and sweet straight to his heart. For a blink he imagined what it might be like to be holding his own son in his arms and he never knew such unimaginable pain. What kind of father would he possibly make? He was corrupt to the core - willing to do whatever suited him to get his way - just like his own father had been. The baby made a cooing sound and yawned, his tiny fingers flexing beneath the blanket without a care in the world and Vince handed the baby back to his brother. "He's perfect," Vince agreed, his voice choked. "I'm sorry I missed the big event. I'll put an extra ten thousand in his college fund for penance."

"That's not necessary," Penny said, chuckling, then gestured to Emma. "Aren't you going to introduce your friend?" She didn't wait and if she saw the look Nolan and Dillon shared, she chose to ignore it. "Hi, I'm Penny. I'm sorry Vince has terrible manners but then he's not known for his charm."

"I'm Emma Winters," Emma said, introducing herself. "Congratulations on the new baby. He's precious."

"Thank you." Penny smiled with pure joy and then returned to Emma, which was Vince's cue to make their exit. Penny would dig and dig until she found the answers burning up her brain because that's just how Penny was. "So...you're the girl who was attacked at the club?"

Vince glared, unable to believe Penny had just gone for the jugular like that. "Penny, you should rest. We'll let you get some shut eye."

"I'm not made of porcelain and if I was, pushing my sweet bundle of joy out of my lady parts would've broken me so don't act all defensive with me. I know what's going on. I need to know how Emma is doing. This is the first time I've had a chance to talk to her. In fact, why don't you all go get a coffee or something while I chat with Emma for a minute."

"Absolutely not," Vince growled, hating the very idea of Penny spending any amount of time with Emma. Penny was a terrible influence and worse, she knew too much about him. He looked to Dillon. "Talk some sense into your wife, please. She's plainly delirious."

Dillon handed the baby to Penny and shuttled them all from the room in spite of Vince's sputtered protests, saying, "If there's one thing I've learned throughout this pregnancy, Penny will not be denied when she puts her mind to something. Let's go get some coffee. It'll give us a chance to talk, too."

Vince caught Emma's worried expression as he was dragged from the room. Yeah, he knew how she felt. He was worried, too.

-12-

"Come, sit by me," Penny said, waving Emma closer and patting the bed. "I am so exhausted that I don't know how long I'll last before straight passing out. Don't let anyone tell you that having a baby isn't like pushing a bowling ball out of your vagina because it is." She stopped a minute to stare lovingly at the baby, then added softly, "But one thing they do say and it's true...all the pain is worth it."

"Thanks for the advice but I don't think I'm having kids anytime soon," Emma said and inexplicably her thoughts shot to Vince. Ha! As if. Like he would want to be a daddy. Good lord, had her ovaries just tingled? "Pardon me if I seem rude but it's hard for me to be all Kumbayah with you people when you know that Vince practically kidnapped me and is holding me hostage."

"Yeah, that wasn't very gentlemanlike of him but he's a bit of a brute that way. Woman to woman, though...it's a little hot, right? Vince was always a bit of a caveman dressed in an Armani suit."

Emma's cheeks flared. Was she less of an independent woman if she admitted that Vince was the hottest man she'd ever laid eyes on? "Not the point," she answered, stubbornly refusing to admit to anything.

Penny sighed. "Honestly, I don't have a lot of time before he comes to his senses and barges back into this room and drags you off. Here's the thing, Vince is probably the most wounded individual I've ever known and that's saying a lot considering I know all the Buchanan brothers and their secrets."

"Yeah? And why is that?"

Penny chuckled and shrugged as she answered, "It's a long story but suffice to say I know all three very well. Biblically you could say. And, well, they're all good men but they try really hard to hide that fact. Vince more so than the rest."

"Wait a minute...are you saying that you've slept with all three of the Buchanan brothers?" Emma asked, staring.

"Yes. I don't regret it either because if I hadn't, I wouldn't have realized that Dillon was the only one for me."

"Oh, wait a minute." Emma's brain reeled with the shocking information. Had she just slipped into an alternate dimension? "I need to wrap my brain around that for a minute...you've slept with all three? Why?"

"They bought me. Well, the twins bought me but then when I realized I only wanted Dillon, I broke our arrangement. It's a little on the sordid side but a great story. Probably one I won't share with the kids, though. And do me a favor and don't bring it up around Dillon because it makes him grouchy. He doesn't like to share in the least."

"Me neither," Emma countered dryly, shaking her head at the crazy conversation they were having. But what the hell? Her life was completely unrecognizable at this stage and it was all because of the Buchanans. "So...why are you telling me all of this?

"Because I see the way you look at Vince and the way he looks at you. I've never seen Vince look at a woman like that. Not even me. But there might've been once, before my time...her name was Isabel. If you want to crack that wall around Vince's heart, ask him to tell you about her. I think it'll change your perspective. But here's the thing, I love that man and I won't let anyone hurt him. So if you're planning to hurt him with the information, don't go there. He's been hurt enough. Okay?" Emma swallowed, shocked by the protectiveness in the woman's tired, raspy voice. Penny settled the baby in her arms before adding, "I'm not saying what he did was right but deep down, in a place where he doesn't want to admit, he had the best of intentions."

"Kidnapping cannot be considered an act of benevolence."

Penny raised her brow in a way that made Emma feel very small. "Really? Even if your life was in danger? Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't someone nearly beat you to death?"

"Yes, but-"

"The way I see it, Vince is protecting you the best way he knows how. Perhaps a little less hostility would go a long way."

Emma didn't like being dressed down by this woman but there was a certain logic to everything she'd said. However, Emma wasn't ready to let go of her indignation just yet. "He's holding my sister hostage, too," she threw out there, almost defiantly.

"He's removed all obstacles for you to willingly stay put. Dillon told me that Laird is keeping watch over her?" At Emma's nod, Penny laughed. "Laird is a pussycat. Your sister will have the man eating from her palm by the end of the week. Trust me."

"I want to see her for myself. Lana is...fragile."

"So ask Vince to take you to her. Stop fighting him and you'll find him a different man. You know...everything happens for a reason. Have a little faith."

"I don't believe in that stuff. "

"Whether you believe or not doesn't change the fact that you two have serious chemistry. I guess what you do with it, is your business but I'll let you in on a little secret - and if you don't believe me, ask Nolan's wife Shannon - being loved by a Buchanan is unlike anything you've ever experienced nor will again."

"Vince doesn't love me," Emma murmured, hating the ache in her heart at the admission. She didn't doubt that being the owner of a Buchanan's heart was akin to winning the lottery but Vince wasn't offering her his heart. And, yeah, it hurt to admit that she felt something for him that she shouldn't because it was ludicrous. On a normal day she wasn't the kind of girl who dreamed of Prince Charming and his white horse. That dream had died a long time ago. Emma withheld a sigh and returned to Penny saying, "How could he? We've only known each other such a short time. Love at first sight only happens in the movies. It's a great plot device but not realistic."

"Goodness gracious, you're a cynic. No wonder you and Vince are so perfectly matched." When Emma opened her mouth to refute Penny's observation, Penny shared, "I fell in love with Dillon the minute I saw him. I didn't know it at the time, of course, but...I knew I couldn't stay away. Not even when I knew I should. Sound familiar?"

Emma stared. Was she that transparent? Penny smiled and closed her eyes - guess so. Oh dear...what does this mean? Could she love Vince? The very thought made her eyes cross and her heart pound. Was that love? She thought of his kisses and the way he twisted her in knots with his talented tongue and she nearly burst into flame. Then she thought of how Vince looked at her - when he really saw her - and she knew. Holy hell...it was possible. But if that were true, she and Vince needed to have a chat. Like now. Her insides trembled but she wasn't sure if it was because of fear or excitement. Maybe a little of both. Good or bad, she was about to find out if somehow fate had put Vince Buchanan in her life for a reason.

#

Vince didn't want to leave Penny alone with Emma and tried several times to return to the room but they all made a concentrated effort to keep him in the cafeteria.

"She seems nice," Shannon said, glancing at Nolan. "Very short but cute."

Nolan's wife, Shannon was tall and leggy, everything Emma wasn't. At one time Vince had thought to prefer women with a little height but he rather liked the way Emma fit so snugly against him, rubbing up on all the right places. "Yeah, she's all right," he said, wanting to get back to the room and leave. "Why do you think Penny wanted to talk to Emma? That's weird, don't you think?"

"You know Penny...she's got a mind of her own. No telling what she's saying to the poor woman. But listen, I wanted to talk to you about what my guy found out about the potential club situation," Dillon said, instantly snagging Vince's attention. "I think we've figured out who it is."

"Who?" Vince asked, his fists already clenching. "I'm ready to give the man a dose of his own medicine." In his mind, he saw Emma's bruises and his blood percolated.

"Do you remember kicking out that guy nicknamed Preacher?" Nolan asked. "We managed to do a little covert asking around and a few people remember seeing him at the club that night when he was specifically banned from Malvagio permanently. Apparently, he's been mouthing off that he was going to make us sorry for kicking him out."

"Let's go get him," Vince said, ready to go but Dillon stopped him.

"Hold on, it's not that easy," Dillon said. "We might have a pretty good idea of who did it, but we don't have any evidence. That's going to make it hard to prosecute."

"Who said anything about prosecution? I could give a fuck if he gets a fair trial. I'm going to be judge, jury and executioner in this case."

"Listen, I know you want to see him punished and he will be, but we need to move cautiously or else this Preacher fuck is going to end up doing exactly what he set out to do - ruin the Buchanan name."

"How so?"

"Apparently, he's been spreading rumors that we're not seeing to our club members safety any longer, which is why is started beating unsuspecting women. He's trying to ruin Malvagio and by proxy, us."

"All because he got kicked out?" Vince asked. "What a pussy."

"Yeah, well, he's not very smart because he might've evaded the cameras but he didn't think to wear a mask or anything to hide his face. All we have to do is find him and then your girl can identify him."

"She's not my girl," Vince corrected Dillon but Dillon waved away his correction, which made him wonder what his brother saw that he didn't. Was he giving off some sort of subconscious possessive vibe? He shrugged off the thought and focused. "So let's go get the shit. I have a few words for him."

"All right, I have a detective who's friendly. If I give him the word, he'll go pick him up for us, all legal and tidy. Then, you bring Emma to the station and she can do the rest. Sound good?"

Vince nodded, relieved to put an end to all this. He looked to his brothers and even Shannon, and said gruffly, not because the emotion wasn't genuine but because he had a hard time saying shit like this, "I appreciate your help in all this. Means a lot."

"When all this is done, you can let that poor girl go home," Shannon said. "I can't imagine how horrific this has been."

He stiffened at the thought of letting Emma go but he wasn't about to admit that. "Thank God. It's been a fucking nightmare being her damn babysitter. She doesn't listen worth a damn and she argues with everything I say. Good riddance."

"Really? I kinda thought you and her had some serious chemistry," Nolan said, fishing a little but Vince shut him down quickly, not liking where this was going.

"Well, you were wrong. And besides, you and I both know I'm not that kind of man. I don't do long-term. No matter how hot she is."

"Have you slept with her?" Nolan asked.

"None of your business," he retorted, turning to leave but Nolan stopped him. "What?" he asked, irritated.

"Whatever it is that's making you feel all prickly and scared...go for it. Don't shut that feeling down. It's worth the risk," he said to Vince quietly as he shared a look with his wife. "Trust me."

Vince suppressed an odd shudder at his twin's words and shrugged off his brother's hand on his shoulder. "Maybe for you...not for me."

He couldn't get away fast enough. It was true about that twin thing - they each shared an uncanny understanding into one another's thoughts and feelings. When they'd both been wild and reckless, that sixth sense had been a fun bonus, particularly when they'd been on the prowl for a woman to share for the night. But now? It was just fucking annoying as hell. He didn't want Nolan pushing his married bliss at him in the hopes that it was contagious. Vince wasn't like Nolan or Dillon. He wouldn't make an awesome husband or father. He drank to excess, fucked to excess, and he damn well liked it!

"Let's go," he commanded Emma and she scowled at his tone. "Now."

Emma cast Penny a look that said, See? He's such a jerk but he didn't care. Once all this was done, he'd gladly go back to life the way he liked it - completely debauched!

But as they reached the parking lot, Emma dug in her heels and said, "I want to talk to my sister," she demanded.

He did a double take and kept walking. He didn't need that particular headache. "Not now, Emma."

"No. Now."

"She's fine."

"I don't know that. I need to talk to her." Emma held her ground. Of all the blessed times for her to become even more difficult...Vince felt his temper rising until he saw the true concern reflecting in her eyes and he caved - albeit not very gracefully.

"Fine," he snarled, grabbing his phone and dialing Laird. When Laird picked up on the third ring, he told him to put Lana on the phone. He was surprised when Laird hesitated. "What's the problem?" he asked.

"She's sleeping."

"Well, wake her up. Her sister needs to know she's all right."

Laird didn't sound happy about it but he did as Vince requested. As soon as a sleepy female voice came on the line, he thrust the phone at Emma but not before putting it on speaker.

Emma scowled but accepted the phone with a tremulous, "Lana? Are you okay?"

"Em," Lana said with a happy but sleep-fuzzed tone. "Where are you? Yes, I'm fine. Laird told me about what happened and I've been worried sick."

"I'm fine but what about you?" she asked. "Is Laird treating you right? You can tell me if he isn't."

"Laird is...very nice," Lana answered, almost sheepishly. "He's been very kind and sweet."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, Em. Don't worry about me."

"Vince and his brothers are working to figure out who did this to the both of us so it shouldn't be too much longer." Emma shot Vince a look that said, I'm lying through my teeth for you so don't fuck up, and he felt a certain amount of pleasure that she was putting her faith in him to solve the problem. "Listen, sit tight and I'll come get you soon. Okay?"

"I'm good, Em. Stop worrying about me. Laird is unlike any man I've ever met. And that's a good thing."

Emma looked ready to quip, don't get attached, but Vince was surprised when she swallowed it and said, "I love you, Lana. I'll be in touch."

"Love you, too, Em."

When the line clicked off, Emma returned the phone with a speculative expression. "What's wrong?" he asked. "I thought you'd feel better knowing she was okay."

"I do feel better. There was something about her tone. She sounds...I don't know...almost as if she likes Laird."

"Why is that strange? Laird is a good guy."

"Yeah but Lana has had difficulty being around strangers since the incident. But she sounded...secure."

Vince considered that and realized Laird had been pretty protective over his new charge. He wondered if there was something going on between the two. Vince suppressed an annoyed sigh at the idea of those two hooking up but he supposed it was better than complete animosity. "So...feel better?" he asked Emma, almost anxiously. He really didn't want her to worry about her sister needlessly. They had bigger issues to work through.

Emma's mouth turned up in a warm, relieved smile and his heart skipped a beat. "Much," she answered and started walking again, only this time, her step seemed much lighter and for that he was inordinately relieved.

Well, hell, he thought. Maybe he should've done that in the first place. Hindsight and all that...

But as they climbed into the car, Vince realized Emma's mind was still moving fast as her pensive expression filled him with apprehension. He had a terrible feeling that whatever Penny had filled Emma's head with was bound to kick him in the ass later.

As it would turn out, later wasn't too far behind.

-13-

"Who is Isabel?" Emma asked, once they were back at the penthouse. Penny's frank conversation had blown her mind but the questions it'd created were overriding her sense of whoa! and now that she knew Lana was safe, she wanted answers that only Vince could give.

Vince cut her a sharp look. "No one I want to talk about." He grabbed a bottle of ibuprofen and shook out a few. "Here, take these."

Emma accepted the pills and tossed them back with a glass of water but she wasn't going to let her question go unanswered. "Who is Isabel?" she repeated.

"Where is this coming from?" Vince asked, glowering. "I already said I didn't want to talk about it. Besides, it's none of your business who Isabel was."

"Was?" Emma picked up immediately on the past tense. "What do you mean, was?"

"What do you think? She's dead."

"What happened?"

"What is wrong with you? Are you deaf?" He thundered at her, glaring hard. "I don't want to talk about her."

"Penny seemed to think that she mattered to you."

"Penny ought to keep her mouth shut about shit that doesn't involve her," he muttered.

"Maybe but she told me plenty and I want some answers. Start talking."

"I don't take well to being ordered around," he warned but she wasn't scared. In fact, she felt emboldened like never before. She was like a hound on a scent and she wasn't going to let him off the hook until he spilled his guts. Emma had the sense that it was important that she stay on him no matter how hard he tried to shake her off, so that's what she was going to do.

"And I don't take well to being pulled and pushed around either. Guess that makes us evenly matched, wouldn't you say?" Vince's expression reminded Emma of a trapped man, up against impossible odds and she knew whatever Vince was protecting was very tender. "I'm beginning to realize that all the research I did on your family didn't even scratch the surface of who you are. Tell me who she was to you."

"Why do you care?" he asked, almost bitterly but before she could answer he said, "Trust me, you don't want to know."

She took a risk and walked to him, caressing his face tenderly even though she knew he might rebuff her kindness and said, "I want to know."

Vince squeezed his eyes shut at her touch and she felt the minute tremble coursing through his body. Such pain, she thought with sadness. Whoever Isabel was, she'd left a lasting wound that'd never healed. That was one helluva legacy to leave behind. Emma pulled Vince to her, pressing her lips against his in a feather light touch that ignited his desire and he crushed her to him, as if unable to get enough. After a long moment, he said, "If I told you, you'd never look at me the same again," the anguish in his tone unable to mistake. Her heart went out to him, wondering what could be so bad that even Vince wouldn't admit to it.

"Tell me," she whispered, holding him tight. "Please..."

"Why?"

"Because I need to know what happened to you, what made you so hard. You like to say that you're a bad man but your actions say otherwise. I realize now that you've been protecting me this whole time and don't try to deny it. I was too angry to see it until Penny brought it up. You could've handed me off to a myriad of handlers at your disposal but you brought me here - to your place - why would you do that for a total stranger unless you felt something for them?"

Vince groaned and pushed her away, shoving his hand through his hair in agitation. "Damn it, Emma. Don't try to make me into some hero that I'm not. I didn't do it for any other reason aside from protecting Malvagio. Everything I do has an ulterior motive. Know that now and you might not get hurt. I do nothing that won't benefit me somewhere down the road. Okay?"

Emma blinked at the pain his statement caused but even though her immediate reaction was to recoil she saw through his bluster to the raw pain pulsing beneath. Anyone who would fight so hard to hide something so personal must feel fairly strongly about it. She believed Penny was right. Vince tried so desperately to be bad but he was a good man and for whatever reasons, he didn't want to admit it. She followed Vince into the bedroom, not willing to back down - though why, she wasn't sure. Maybe she was crazy, but there was something about Vince that made her pulse race and her body tingle with awareness and the insane chemistry was addictive. "You made it sound as if you went and got Lana to manipulate me but in reality, you were making it so I didn't have to worry about her. You put her with your friend Laird, knowing that he would take care of her. Everything you've done has been the opposite of a man just looking out for his best interests and I call bullshit on your protests."

"Don't do this, Emma," Vince said. "You're going to end up hurt when you realize you're wrong."

"I'm not wrong," she said, stepping forward, crowding his space, forcing him to meet her gaze. "Tell me who was Isabel and what did she do to you?"

#

Vince stared, unable to believe this half-pint of a woman was pushing him to the point no other woman ever had. He ought to throw her out on her ass, that would show her that he was no good guy but even as his mind urged him to do it, he stood there immobilized by the arresting surety in her blue eyes. She didn't falter or quail at his fierce scowl or mean glare. Nor did she cry when he yelled. No, not Emma. She pushed and yelled back. If he weren't so twisted up in knots over what was happening, he would've thrown her to the bed and screwed her senseless because she was so damn sexy. But he couldn't. Isabel's presence, no matter how hard he tried pushing her away, stood between him and sanity. Except now Emma was there, too.

Each time he thought, if even for a heartbeat, that he might want to find someone to settle down with, have kids, be somewhat normal, Isabel haunted his dreams, reminding him that he didn't deserve the comforts of normal.

And it was happening again. He felt something powerful and real with Emma - and he couldn't let that happen. Subconsciously, he must've sensed it from the moment he laid eyes on her because he'd been seized with an irrational urge to protect and possess her, which went against everything he'd been about up until that point. Emma spoke to him at a cellular level, no matter that they'd known each other for such a short time, he could feel it in his pulse, the way her skin electrified his fingertips and how the sound of her breathy moans unlocked a door he'd been too afraid to open. Emma was everything he knew he couldn't have - didn't deserve.

He had to protect her...from himself.

"You want to know who Isabel was?" he snarled, snatching Emma by the arms and thrusting her to the bed. She landed with a startled gasp and he followed, ripping his shirt from his chest and climbing Emma's body, giving her no opportunity for escape. He nuzzled Emma's neck roughly, nipping the sensitive skin hard enough to cause pain. Emma shuddered but didn't cry out. In fact, she moaned with pure excitement. The sound was his kryptonite and he fought to remember he was trying to push her away. He tore her shirt open, exposing her bare skin to her belly. "Careful the questions you ask, you might not like the answers," he growled as he unsnapped her bra, freeing those luscious tits to his gaze.

"I can take it. Stop being such a pussy and just tell me already," she said breathlessly, tossing her bra and pulling his head to her breast. He groaned and slipped a nipple into his mouth, sucking hard. "I think you use Isabel as an excuse to keep everyone away but..." she stopped, gasping as he laved the peak, losing himself for a brief moment in the pleasure of touching and tasting her that he almost missed what she was saying. "It's time to stop making excuses."

He pulled back with a dark smirk. Excuses? Poor naive Emma...if only that were true. At this point, he'd almost welcome being an insecure shmuck rather than a manipulative bastard. Vince jerked her jeans from her hips and tossed them. His vision crossed at how lovely her hips flared and her healthy thighs met at the apex of her pussy. He wanted to dive in and lose himself for days between those thighs. But this was not about pure pleasure. He ripped her panties and tossed them as well. Emma rose on her knees and unbuckled his belt and his pants followed. His cock sprang free and she immediately sucked it down her throat. He threaded his fingers through her hair, growing thicker and harder at the tantalizing view of Emma's plump lips sliding over his mushroom-headed cock and taking a good length of his shaft. He groaned as she sucked harder, even nipping at the sensitive ridge so that he rocked against her. Must. Stay. Focused. Vince gently pushed her away so that he could think but his straining cock would not be denied. The blood pounded through his veins, rerouting all oxygen to the most primal part of his body. Emma tumbled back on the bed, opening her legs for him and he fell on her like a beast, intent on devouring. He had to taste more of her. Just had to, his brain insisted wildly and he was helpless to ignore the demand. He plunged his tongue deeply inside her succulent womanly cleft and shuddered with pleasure at the sensual awareness of her every gasp and cry. He teased and tickled in all the right spots, driving her mindless with sweet torture but as she came close, he pulled back. "Not yet," he said in a low, rough voice. "On your hands and knees."

She nodded and rolled over, presenting herself as he requested. He positioned himself behind her, rubbing the soft, smooth flesh of her ass, and then rubbed the head of his cock against the silky wetness, teasing the plump folds until she was pushing back against him, trying to impale herself on his length. Vince indulged her and thrust his cock deep inside until his hips met the cushion of her behind. A low groan popped from his mouth as he began to grind against her, gripping her hips to anchor himself to her. Every thrust was a riot of sensation as her channel squeezed his shaft and sweat popped along his hairline as he nearly lost his focus. "You want to know about Isabel, my sweet Emma?" he said roughly as she grunted with each thrust into her willing body. "Let me tell you about poor Isabel...she was Dillon's fiancee but I wanted her for myself. I wanted to fuck her just like I'm fucking you right now." He gave Emma a light slap on the ass, causing her to emit a muffled yelp against the comforter but still she met him thrust for thrust, her eyes squeezed shut in ecstasy. God, why was she so damn perfect? "And I did, eventually. Do you hear me, Emma? I convinced my twin to help me fuck her after Dillon dumped her. She was vulnerable and lost, and heart-broken and I masterminded a plan to put her in my bed."

"Why?" she managed to groan, clutching the bedsheets as her body shuddered.

"Because. I. Wanted. Her." Because I loved her, he wanted to scream but he didn't dare. He withdrew his cock to spread her juices all along her slit and up to her pink, tightly fisted rosebud. "Emma, I always get what I want...no matter the consequence. Do you understand?" And then, he slowly pushed the head of his cock into her ass, moaning as he lost himself to the intense pressure of being squeezed by her tight hole. She shuddered and gasped, nearly frozen as her body adjusted to the invasion, but as he began to move gently, in and out with increasing tempo, the tension in her body lessened and she began moaning. "That's it, Emma...that's my girl," he said, unable to help himself. And then he was lost to the moment, delirious with the intense beauty of an all-encompassing pleasure that milked his cock of every drop as he lost control, spilling almost immediately when usually he had far more control. He slumped over her, almost too spent to move, but he managed to slowly withdraw and the moment he was clear, she collapsed, stunned. He rolled to his feet even though every fiber in his being wanted to lie beside her and pass out. His labored breathing mirrored hers as they both tried to recover from what had just happened between them but Vince knew in his bones that Emma could very well be The One if he wasn't so colossally damaged at his core and he knew there was no recovering from that soul-deep revelation.

"Isabel is dead because she took a swan dive from our building. She jumped because she couldn't fathom what we'd manipulated her into doing." He closed his eyes. "And that's not the half of it. She was twelve weeks pregnant with Dillon's baby."

Emma stared, her nude body glowing in the sunlight shafting through the window, creating a halo around her head. "Did you know about the baby?" she asked in a hushed tone. "Please say you didn't know..."

"No, none of us knew. But that doesn't absolve us. What we did - what I did - was unforgiveable." He turned to give her the full measure of his tortured gaze and he said, "That's what I do, Emma. I destroy people. So when I tell you that I don't do things without ulterior motives...do yourself a favor and take me at my word." He scooped his jeans and jerked them on, buttoning the fly, his demeanor changing suddenly, becoming almost businesslike. "I've changed my mind about keeping you here. Dillon has uncovered who the man was who beat you and your sister. All we need you to do is go downtown to the police station and identify him. The law will do the rest. The last thing we need is something like this hitting the press. The family is prepared to offer you a generous settlement in exchange for your silence."

"I don't want your money."

"Take the money. For your pain and suffering."

"Fuck the money." Her eyes glittered and he had to look away. "I never asked for your money and I'm not taking it now," she said, wiping at her eyes.

He hated seeing her cry but he had to look out for the family. There was too much at stake. "I would feel better if you took some kind of compensation. I need some assurance that you will keep this to yourself."

"I guess you'll just have to trust me."

"Damn it, Emma, take the Goddamn money. It's not like you can afford not to," he said, losing patience. "Don't be pigheaded just to spite me."

"I said I don't want your money." She slid from the bed and he had to force his gaze from drinking in the sight of her beautiful nude body. Good God, he could stare at her for days and never tire. He squeezed his eyeballs with his thumb and forefinger, knowing he'd have to find a way to deposit the money into her bank account before she'd accept a dime from him. She stalked to him, going toe-to-toe. He had to fight the urge to clasp her to him. "You're a coward," she said fiercely. "All this talk about how damaged you are over something that happened in the past is all a bunch of smoke and mirrors so you don't have to look at the real reason you're pushing me away. You're scared shitless of the feelings you have for me. Maybe they're similar to what you felt with Isabel, or maybe they're completely new but either way, you're too chickenshit to just admit you don't know how to handle the emotion. Yes, it's scary. Newsflash, you scare the hell out of me! You think I wanted to feel this way about you - of all people! - but I can't help that my heart wants you. Only you. I'd dance the Macarena to fall in love with anyone but you - and I hate the Mararena! But that's the way it goes."

Love? Vince stared, his heart beating so fast he thought it might jump from his chest. "You don't even know me," he said.

She agreed with mild exasperation. "You're right. We're practically strangers but on some level you know that you and me make sense in a way that defies understanding. I don't get it either but I'm not questioning it because I'm smart enough to know that this sort of thing happens once in your life and I'm not going to willfully walk away from it without a fight!"

"What is wrong with you?" he cried, shaking her. "I'm no good! Didn't you hear a word I've said?"

She shocked him when she reached up to cup his face tenderly in spite of the angry fire in her eyes. "Get over yourself! Everyone has wounds and some are deeper than others but you can either nurse them or let them heal - it's your choice. You've been nursing that wound for far too long. Isabel - rest her soul - is dead. But I'm standing here with you right now, naked and vulnerable, saying that I want you - fucked up, emotionally-constipated you. Do you hear me? Are you listening for once in your life?"

Vince's throat closed and he felt like a little kid about to lose it. Without thought he yanked Emma into his arms and held her so tightly he was afraid her head might pop off but he couldn't let her go. How was it possible that she wasn't running away from him? If she had the sense God gave a goose she'd go away as fast as her legs could take her but she refused to budge. And he loved her for it. Strong, defiant, and sweet Emma. His Emma. Was it even possible? Holy hell, his head was swimming with as much fear as it was with hope. "I have a terrible temper and I drink too much. I rarely remember birthdays or anniversaries or anything women find important. I'd be a terrible boyfriend and an even worse husband. Why Emma? God, Emma...I want better for you than me." He captured her mouth, delirious with the need to taste her and he tasted the salt of his own tears. "You deserve so much better than me," he said against her lips, his voice cracking.

"You big dope," she said, muffled against his chest. She lifted her head and stared at him with open happiness. "If you spent less time trying to convince others how bad you are, you could actually spend time being true to who you actually are."

"What if I don't remember who that person is anymore?"

"Then I will help you remember. I know you're a good man. I know it because I was fighting the knowledge from the moment I saw you. Something inside me changed when we locked gazes. And I'm so glad."

And just like that, a dam broke, washing over every broken and jagged piece of his fractured self and he knew he would do anything for this woman. "Emma, I promise you, I'll spend my life working to be worthy of a woman like you. Every last moment. I swear it." Her laughter was like a balm to his heart and he swept her into his arms as he kissed her deeply again. She was right. He felt it in his soul that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to wipe the slate clean and start fresh. Emma was offering to him what Shannon and Penny had given his brothers and he'd be a fool to walk away from it. "Marry me," he said without an ounce of hesitation when yesterday the very idea would've been ludicrous. But right now? Perfect. "Make me the luckiest man alive."

"Shouldn't we date first?" she asked, smiling through her own tears. "I mean, that's sort of the thing to do before jumping to the I Do part."

"Fuck that. I know what I want and it's you. I want you Emma Winters. God, woman, I want you. What do you say? Destination wedding or a blow-out obscenity with hundreds of people stuffing their faces with lobster and steak on the Buchanan dime?"

She looked into his eyes and said with a grin, "How about an elopement? Just you and me and someone to make it official."

"We're already thinking alike," he said with a wicked grin. Could she be any more perfect for him? "We can be in Tahoe in an hour. I'll call the pilot to ready the jet." At that her eyes widened and he dropped her to her feet with a playful smack on the ass. "Honey, there are perks to being a Buchanan. Now get dressed or else we're never going to get out of here."

She squealed and ran for the shower, throwing an invite over her shoulder, "You can join me if you promise to keep your hands to yourself!"

Vince grinned and wiped at his eyes, amazed at how things felt so different. It was all because of Emma - the woman who'd walked into his club with the intent to bring him down. Funny how life worked out sometimes. "No promises, baby," he answered, stripping once more. As he stepped into the spray, Emma immediately going into his arms, he realized Tahoe wasn't going anywhere...

"Vince!" she gasped and then dissolved into giggles as he proceeded to lovingly worship her body just as he planned to do for the rest of their lives.

-Epilogue-

Married life wasn't so bad. Hell, who was he kidding? He fucking loved being tied down - and Emma was becoming quite the expert on how to tighten the restraints so she could have her wicked way with him. That was his favorite part - his wicked little wife.

"You look like the cat that ate the canary," Dillon joked, poking him in the ribs as they stood around the barbecue and tried to appear as if they knew what they were doing. Emma had declared she wanted a good old-fashioned backyard barbecue with burgers and beers, which was fine by the Buchanan men except for the one caveat the girls had thrown in - the men had to cook.

"I don't understand why we couldn't have beers and burgers catered in," Nolan complained, looking at the meat cooking on the grill. "How do we know this will be edible?"

"Cooking a burger isn't rocket science," Dillon said, swigging his beer. "You just flip it a few times and make sure it doesn't burn. Viola, dinner is served."

"Until we all die of e-coli poisoning because we didn't cook the meat thoroughly," Vince quipped dryly. "But hey, my wife wants burgers and beers, and that's what she's getting."

Vince swigged his beer and surveyed their expansive backyard, watching as Shannon and Emma played with Aubrey in the pool while Penny sat with baby Bobby in the shade.

"So...you okay with shutting down Malvagio?" Nolan asked. It was the first time they'd actually talked about the decision to put an end, literally and symbolically, to their old ways and Vince realized he felt great.

"I'm good," he answered, grinning. "It's weird. I thought I'd be wrecked about it but I don't feel anything but relief. It's like I closed a door and walked away from everything in that house. I don't miss it. Hell, I don't have time to miss it. Being a husband is serious shit."

"Amen to that," both Dillon and Nolan agreed.

"I do regret not having the opportunity to beat the shit out of Preacher for what he'd done to Emma and her sister. Seems he got off light."

"I agree. The justice system is fucked." Dillon flipped a burger, adding. "However, there is a benefit to being who we are. Preacher AKA Scott Pritchard might not be spending much time in jail, but he's going to find it very difficult to show his face around town, well, at least until it heals," Dillon added slyly.

Both Nolan and Vince swiveled their gaze to their older brother. A slow grin spread across Vince's face. "You didn't..."

"Me? Nah, but someone did. Let's just say he got everything that was done to Emma and Lana...and then some."

"Including...?"

Dillon's laugh was downright wicked. "You know what they say...don't bend over to pick up the soap."

"Fuck yeah, that's what I'm talking about," Vince said with whole-hearted approval, loving his older brother for taking care of business. "You're the man, Dillon. Your network is a fearful thing."

"Yes, it is." Dillon's answer wasn't smug, just matter-of-fact and Vince's pride in his older brother swelled.

"Hey don't leave me out. I had something to do with it, too," Nolan said.

"Yeah? Mr.-I-have-a-family-now? What did you do?"

"I kept you occupied so you didn't go and run off to commit a felony before Dillon could handle things. You think I wanted to spend all day at the batting cages with your spoiled ass? You cheat more than you play fair and my arm is shot."

Vince laughed and punched his twin in the arm. "Don't be such a pussy. Fine. Name the sport and I'll beat you at it fair and square. Except golf. I fucking hate golf."

"Whatever man, it's cool," Nolan said, grinning. "Just glad to have your cheating, sulking, sore loser - and winner - self back. It was rough, you know?"

"Yeah, I know," Vince acknowledged, sobering a bit until Dillon rolled his eyes and made a gagging sound.

"Can you guys stop being a bunch of girls for ten seconds? Shit, you're about to sprout ovaries. Grab your plates these burgers are done."

They hollered at the girls to grab some grub and as they munched on the very first meal they'd ever made in their lives, Vince realized there was something to this simple but beautiful life filled with family, laughter, and love.

There was no fancy catering company tending to their every need, just good, old-fashioned potato salad, burgers and beers.

And it was sublime.

What had he been so afraid of? Why had he waited so long? The answer hit him as Emma leaned over to press a kiss to his cheek in between bites and his heart tripled in speed as pure, unadulterated love suffused his body. He'd been waiting for her.

"Let's make a baby," Vince murmured in her ear among the conversations flying around the table. Emma's smile froze and she swallowed her bite to peer at him with wide eyes.

"Are you serious?" she asked, a slow, hopeful smile spreading across her lips. He nodded and she squealed. "When?"

Vince rose abruptly and scooped her into his arms. "Right now." Emma blushed and clung to him as he strode to the house, calling over his shoulder, "We'll be back later...maybe. Gonna make a new Buchanan!"

Vince smiled as hoots and hollers followed.

God, he loved his debauched family!

