1

The day of the state funeral dawns uncharacteristically sunny. Soft white clouds scud in the sky, occasionally hiding the cheerful ball of yellow sun. The entire nation of Moldavia is either out in the streets or watching the proceedings on TV. The stores have all closed. Flags are flown at half-mast. The mood is somber as is fitting for the death of a King who has served the people for well over forty years.

My heart is leaden in my chest.

Although the old King had no fondness for me, he was a good man. I bore him no ill will. He was the father of the man I love, after all. He would not have been glad to hear of Alex's proposal to me. Most likely he would have keeled over dead. So in essence, I'm secretly glad he won't be around to be murdered by our announcement. I would have keeled over from a heart attack if I'm held responsible for the death of Alex's father.

People line both sides of the street. They are unanimously dressed in black. Black hats, black veils, black gloves, black dresses. Many shades and hues of black. There's misty black, charcoal black, blue black, raven black, shimmering black. Even in mourning, the Moldavians are a fashionable lot.

Some people are openly crying. The King must have been dearly loved. The royal hearse rolls slowly down the streets from the palace. It is laden with flowers. Even from where I stand, I can smell their cloying, sickly sweet scent.

The Queen, Alex and his sisters have chosen to walk behind the hearse. The procession is slow, plodding. As I am not yet part of the family, I walk behind the royal guests and dignitaries - twenty rows deep. Tatiana and her father are just behind the Moldavian royals. Yes, I'm well aware of the contrast between her status and mine.

Royals from all over Europe have flown in to attend the funeral. The news crews from every continent are out, filming the entire procession. No flash bulbs today. Photos are taken discreetly and digitally.

My consolation is to be placed beside Madame Fournier, who is elegant in a flowing black dress and a black turban wrapped around her head.

"You look very nice," she says to me.

"Thank you."

I am dressed in various shades of harmonious black. My head is crowned by a black hat. My face is shadowed in a lacy and netted veil.

"I heard about the proposal," she says.

There has been no formal announcement. Alex and I both agreed that it would be crass to tell anyone outside immediate family.

"Who did you hear it from?"

"Jasper."

Figures. Jasper walks behind us, probably listening to our every word. Although he has been kinder to me of late, I still hold him in suspicious regard. I bear no illusions that he would not hesitate to ship me on the next flight out of Moldavia if his Queen wishes it so. I raise my head. Since coming to Moldavia and being labeled Public Royal Enemy Number One, I have gained considerable backbone.

I think.

Anyway, I love Alex and I will do whatever it takes to weather tornadoes for him. And I can smell them hurling in like thunderbolts from the near distance. I've developed quite a nose for them since spending a month in Indonesia.

I find myself drifting back to that wonderful time Alex and I shared on the sunny beaches. Just the two of us ... in the outskirts of the village. Making love on the sand. It was a simple, uncomplicated time. Oh, how I wish -

I shouldn't wish. I can't reverse time. Alex is King now. He has his duties, and as the woman he has asked to marry, I must do my duty to him.

Madame Fournier says, "How did the Queen take it?"

"I don't know." My black shoes are starting to hurt. "She has not spoken to me since the hospital."

It's true. I don't blame her. The last three days have been very trying on the family. I've hardly seen Alex.

"I suggest not making your engagement public for at least six months," she says meaningfully.

Yes. Everyone would hate me even more, just when I thought I had reversed a little of it. I'm sure the public doesn't hate me so much anymore, especially since I've embraced their culture. Even the dress and shoes I'm wearing are Greta Havre, a Moldavian designer. I'm sure all this would not be lost on the tabloid press.

Still ... six months! Six months to wait before we can proclaim our commitment to the world. A lot can happen in six months.

Our procession walks down the main street of Moldavia. Once we reach the end, a bevy of sleek black limos are waiting to take us back to the palace grounds, where the old King's body will be interred.

The 'burial' takes place in the Imperial Crypt. The mausoleum is larger than a house. Its external walls are festooned with winged angels and cherubs and saints - all carved in black granite. The huge twin iron doors bear Latin inscriptions and two large crosses on either side. Only immediate family is allowed inside the crypt, and so the ceremony is conducted outside.

The royals and dignitaries all throng the open casket, which will be wheeled into the crypt. I am once again three rows deep. I am told that the old King's body has been embalmed and he will be put together with his ancestors, who date back to the sixteenth century. One day, Alex will grow old and die, I'm morbidly aware, and he too will be interred here together with his father, who once disapproved of his choice of a wife.

The Archbishop of Moldavia is the highest cleric in the land. He prays in Latin, something I reckon most of the audience does not understand. He is a man of seventy, with shocking white hair and stern eyes as piercing as the sky. As he prays and blesses the casket with holy water, his gaze rakes over the audience.

Although I'm behind two bodies, I swear his eyes alight on me for a tad longer than usual. They blaze with derision. So, they seem to say. You are the one who has caused such grief.

And then the moment passes and his eyes flit away.

I swallow. Could it have been my imagination?

It is Alex's turn to say something. In black, he is somber and serious and very handsome, as befitting a young new King. He speaks in French, something I will have to learn if I am to be his wife. I don't understand most of what he's saying, but I believe he is asking for forgiveness.

Forgive me, Father, for hurting you.

Forgive me for not being at your side when you were first taken ill.

Forgive me for failing to be the son you wanted.

Forgive me for constantly disappointing you.

Although I am not sure what Alex is saying (nor do I intend to ask him), my mind runs over with things he may be saying.

Forgive me for choosing to marry a woman so far beneath my station and bringing this family shame. Now that I am King, I will rectify this, Father. I will cast her aside and take Tatiana to be my one true bride.

OK, I'm still insecure and paranoid. I can't help it. Look where I am. A chilly breeze whips up and sends leaves scuttling against the mausoleum. It's much chillier than any wind present today by far. It's as though the ghost of Alex's father is omnipresent, guiding the proceedings and fueling my newfound fears.

Thankfully, it is over. The casket is wheeled inside the crypt and laid into a cubicle carved into one of the walls. I am not allowed inside, but I imagine the ghosts there whispering to the Alex as he vanishes into the mausoleum, bidding his father goodbye a final time.

With a final blessing, the iron doors clang shut, never to open again until the death of the next monarch. Queens are not allowed to be interred here. It is strictly for Moldavian Kings. When we die, Alex and I will not be buried together.

I'm being horribly morbid today. Blame it on the atmosphere.

We slowly walk towards the waiting limos. Alex has his arm around his weeping mother as he ushers her to the lead car. A pang stabs my chest. The Queen must have loved her husband so, so much.

"Elizabeth Turner?" a female voice calls me.

I turn.

Alex's sister, Marie, walks towards me. She resembles her mother - all long dark hair and flashing eyes - but somehow she does not possess the same beauty, as though she is a faded version of a beloved painting rather than the real deal. She is less austere however, as one would expect of a student from Yale. I have never officially been introduced to her because she just flew back in yesterday.

"Hello?" I say cautiously. I have already been exposed to the toxic Claire, Alex's youngest sister. I don't expect Marie to be much better, especially when Claire tells her I've been rifling through her closet.

Marie holds out her hand and smiles warmly. Well, that's a start.

"I'm Marie ... "

"I know. Alex has told me so much about you."

She scrutinizes my dress. "Moldavian, huh? Good strategy."

"It was Madame Fournier's idea."

"Yes. Good woman, that."

Her eyes do not mirror her words, and I get the impression she's not very fond of Madame Fournier. Then she smiles again. I don't know if I'm correct to assume this, but she does not seem overly upset that her father is dead. Or perhaps true royals behave like this. Still, perhaps she copes with her grief differently.

She says, "I do hope we'll be able to get to know each other better. My mother told me that Alex has asked you to marry him."

I cringe inwardly, waiting for another barrage of 'Leave my brother alone, you lowly gold-digger'. But she continues, "I think that's a splendid idea."

Huh? I must have heard wrongly.

"Beg pardon?" I say. My surprise must have shown on my face because Marie throws back her head and laughs.

Several people around us turn to look. They give us severe glances. It is a funeral after all.

"I suppose my mother and Claire have given you quite the royal treatment," she says. "Well, I assure you not all royals are like that. I certainly am not."

She links arms with me. I'm stunned.

She says, "You and I are going to get to know each other better. And I have a feeling we're going to be very good friends. Shall we?"

She indicates a waiting limo whose driver holds the passenger door open. He bows to her.

Oh, she wants us to go together.

"OK," I say, still bewildered. It's like being asked to hang out by the prom queen, especially when you are the class dork.

As I get into the limo, I catch Madame Fournier's dark look.

It clearly says, 'Beware'.

2

In the next few weeks, I don't get to see Alex much in the daytime. He has his father's estate to sort out, affairs to settle. He still comes to my bed every night. But he is visibly tired from his increasingly long days, and most of the time, I let him sleep.

I watch him sleep in my bed in the palace guest room. His long dark hair is fanned upon the pillow and his naked chest rises and falls so peacefully. He has not moved into his father's bedchambers.

"It's not the right time," he says. "Besides, I can't turn my mother out of her own bed."

Nothing ever seems to be the right time. It's as though we are so afraid to let the world know we are out of the mourning period. Or maybe that's the way things work around here, and I'm being an impatient American.

Not that I want to sleep in the King's bedchamber. I'm perfectly happy having Alex here in my bed forever. I'd be perfectly happy having him anywhere, so long as we're together.

Alex's dreams are troubled. I know this because he mutters and cries in his sleep. We make love, but not as often as before. I attribute this to stress. Both of us are immensely stressed.

"When is your coronation?" I asked him earlier.

"Probably a year from now," he replies in a wry tone.

A year? Is he kidding me?

"It is not deemed seemly in this period of mourning," he explains. "But I am still King. I don't need a crown to tell me that."

"I know, but a year?" I marvel.

"Queen Elizabeth was also crowned a year after her father's state funeral. We are no longer in medieval times where the crowning of a King is essential to the seizure of power."

I don't know about that. I know Alex isn't into power, but I have a bad feeling about this. The longer we wait to tell the world about our engagement and the longer it takes for Alex to be crowned, the more bad things can happen.

There's got to be a law on it, like Murphy's Law. If anything bad can happen in a year, it will happen on the eleventh month, or something like that.

I do, however, have a new BFF.

Maybe I should not be calling her a BFF because I'm not sure we're going to be friends forever. (After all, look what happened to me and my roommate, Deanna). But I do sure enjoy her company because she's closer to my age. I'm talking about Marie Vassar, of course. Unlike Claire and Tatiana, she has no queenly airs. In fact, she could have been just another American college student, even though she has technically finished her final term.

"I think it's because I spent most of my teenage life in America," she says. "Mother wanted me to have an American education from the start and Claire to be sent to Swiss finishing school. She wanted us to embrace separate education systems."

Ah well. I privately think one is working out better than the other.

"What are you going to do after college?"

"Take over the family's businesses, of course." She laughs. "That's my major. Economics. I'm going to make Moldavia the jewel in the EU. We already have the second highest GDP per capita in Europe. We need to be the first."

Marie Vassar is certainly ambitious. She has great plans to make Moldavian economy soar more than ever before. We go for walks down the Riviera, where bathers soak themselves in the sun and splash in the silvery Mediterranean waves. Paparazzi follow us, but are kept at arm's length by our bodyguards. I have since learned to ignore these distractions.

"Look at this." She waves her hand around the beach. "We need more tourists, more hotels, more casinos, more land. Moldavia can be twice as rich as it is. We'll surpass Singapore."

The press would caption us as 'The Princess and her future Queen?' So even if we have not leaked out news of our (informal) engagement, the world is already speculating that Alex and I would marry in place of Alex and Tatiana. Poor Tatiana. She's completely out of the picture at this stage. But this is not a pity party. I'll do anything to be with Alex but I'll do it the correct way - without guile or stabbing anyone in the back.

Already they are calling Alex 'the most eligible bachelor in the world'. It's true. He's a new King. Handsome as the gods themselves. Hunky, delectable, rich beyond most people's wildest imaginings. And single.

Still.

I should be so lucky. And I am, but not because Alex is the most eligible bachelor alive. But because he's Alex, and he loves me.

Alex is genuinely happy that at least one member of his family doesn't think I'm pond scum.

"I'm glad you're seeing her," he remarks.

"You make it sound like I'm having an affair," I complain.

His eyes sparkle dangerously. "Do you know what I would do if I ever caught you having an affair?"

I breathe. Alex still has the ability to make me runny in all my most erotic spots.

"No," I whisper, "what will you do?"

He moves closer to me. So close that we are br**sts to chest, so close that if he tips his head just two inches towards me, his lips will seize mine.

He says, "I would put you over my knee, hogtie your wrists behind you and spank you."

A delicious goose bump trail simmers down my body.

"You wouldn't dare," I tease.

"Oh? Try me." He grins, that dangerous stare still mesmerizing me. I can look at Alex forever. No King has ever been so fine.

"Kiss me," I beg.

"No."

"But why?"

It's ten at night, and we are alone in the East Wing parlor.

"Because I want to show you something."

My gaze dips down to his very obvious erection. He wears jeans, but the bulge is very prominent. The denim practically strains to burst forth, contained only by three stretched buttons.

"I've seen it before, Your Majesty," I say in a husky voice. It seems strange to be calling him that. It was only something I reserved for his father.

"Well, I want to show it you someplace else."

Oooooo. The plot thickens.

"Where?"

"If I tell you now, it won't be a surprise."

"But you continue to surprise me every day, Your Majesty."

"Not like this."

He moves to an antique half-moon table and pulls out a drawer. He retrieves a red silk scarf and holds it up.

"Turn around," he says. No ... orders. His tone is all at once commanding.

He has never been like this before. I shiver, and I can't decide if it's out of pleasure or fear at this new Alex. Has his sudden elevation to kinghood changed him?

My lips moisten and part as I obey him. I turn my back to him, my skin prickling in anticipation. His shadow moves towards me. The scarf comes around my eyes and he wraps it tightly around my head.

"Don't peek," he whispers. His breath is hot and sweet against my ear.

As I stand there, trembling, wondering if he has been changed for good, he runs his palms across my br**sts and belly. My ni**les tense at his fluttery touch. Oh, how he knows every inch and every pore of me. He knows exactly how to excite me and leave me wanting more.

My breathing quickens.

His hands roam down to massage my bu**ocks. He avoids my sex, already moistening at the anticipation of pleasure. My clit clenches in its throbbing need. My pu**y muscles tighten, already imagining the heat of his hard, pulsing cock.

Oh Alex, Alex. I want to kiss and roam my lips over every inch of you.

With one hand, he pulls up my shoal of dark hair and holds it aloft. His lips flit to the back of my neck, kissing my skin, grazing me with his teeth as though to claim me. He nibbles and sucks at my earlobes. My senses are more primed than if I had sight. His subtle touch is simultaneously tantalizing and ticklish.

He places a wet suction pressure upon the side of my neck.

"Ohhh," I gasp. "You're not giving me a love bite."

"Why not?"

"Because it will show up in photos!"

See how my life has changed? Three months ago, such a thing wouldn't have bothered me because no one would have wanted to photograph me. But three months ago, I wouldn't have had been receiving love bites from the most eligible bachelor in the world because I wouldn't have believed myself capable of attracting anyone, let alone such a man.

I can't see, but I can feel him grinning as he applies the love bite on my neck anyway, as though to claim me: You are mine, mine, mine.

He murmurs, "I'm going to lead you by the hand. Don't trip, OK?"

I try not to as I follow him. I'm trusting in him completely not to let me fall.

He leads me through a maze of turns. I swear I will never be able to find my way back blindfolded. A tiny frisson of uncertainty fleets through me. Has Alex really changed? Or has he always been this way and he's showing his true self to me for the first time? I don't doubt that we love each other, but I've always wondered about Alex's dominant side. The side he showed when he took me and slammed me against the bathroom wall for the very first time when we met.

Later, as we became lovers, we became more giving to each other. More solicitous of each other's needs. More loving. But I've always wondered about the side of him he showed me that day. I've thought about it often. Even fantasized about him taking me in a very public place once again.

Ooooh.

I'm a little nervous.

He is, after all, the King, and he can do whatever he wants. I am only his damsel in mock distress.

OK, I will be distressed if he doesn't throw me on some bed and take me soon.

We finally stop. My shoes are perched upon deep, lush carpeting. I have no idea where I am.

"Where are we?"

"No peeking or I'll have to tie you up," he chastises. "Just enjoy the ride, sweetheart, wherever I'm taking you. Now keep very, very still. And don't peek."

I recall what he said about the hogtying and spanking, and a shudder passes through my groin. Alex has never tried the bondage and domination route before. At least not with me. An excited tingle flushes through my body as I envision being bent over his knee and spanked.

Oh! I don't think I would mind being spanked by Alex at all!

I'm a statue as he starts to unbutton my blouse. My Moldavian designer blouse, the one with the gold Chanel-like buttons, only they are shaped like roses. The cool air caresses my skin as he peels my blouse off oh-so-slowly. I'm hyperaware of every sensation, every nuance in the charged air particles around us. I suck in my breath and hold it. My diaphragm beneath my ribs is tensed and ready.

He unsheathes my blouse, dragging the inverted sleeves off my hands. I'm wearing a pretty brassiere underneath with matching panties. La Perla. The only non-Moldavian pieces of clothing I have allowed myself since this whole Public Relations image-grooming thing started.

He rubs his thumb pads across my collarbones. His touch is so warm, so sensuous that a fresh gush of cream spills forth from my pu**y. He reaches behind me to unhook my brassiere. He's purposefully prolonging this. Teasing me so that I will experience everything in magnification. I hear the plop of my brassiere as he drops it on the carpet. His warm thumbs and fingers latch on to my ni**les, already as hard as stones, and compresses my ultra-sensitive tips.

He scissors my nipple tips in between his fingers and thumbs, rubbing them back and forth. The sensations these movements evoke are exquisite and toe curling. Hell, they are clit curling. I moan with the erotic pleasure.

He takes this for a sign that I want more. (Damn right I do.) Next, I feel his tongue making increasingly moist circles around my right nipple and areola - laving the entire puckered flesh there, eliciting goose bumps around the area.

"Oh, Alex," I cry.

My hands fly up to his shoulders, or where I think his shoulders are. My clit is throbbing and my ni**les are so, so hard.

He sucks at my right nipple so expansively that I can feel the blood under the surface pooling towards him. My toes flex and unflex. I grip his shoulders, which are at the level of my midriff, and his muscled arms. I picture him crouching or being slightly bent at the knees as he tortures my ni**les. His tongue becomes a wicked, probing tool of pleasure, slathering my nerve endings with almost unbearable stimulation.

Oh, oh, oh, oh!

He does this to my left nipple as well, seizing the protuberant tip with his mouth savagely. My fingers thread through his hair - his thick, luscious mane that falls so wonderfully from his scalp. I clasp his head to my breast as he suckles. I don't want him to ever stop. Except that my crotch is soaking my panties and there's a very hollow ache within - an empty vessel that must be invaded, occupied, swarmed and pounded in every crevice.

I desperately want (need) to feel Alex's c**k in me once again.

His hands fumble at the waist of my skirt. It falls in a crumple, joining my blouse and brassiere. Then he rips my panties off in haste. His urgency mounts. Before I can beg him to f**k me, he grabs my back and thighs, upending me in his arms.

I cry out in surprise. It's such a masculine gesture. I claim you for myself, it seems to say.

He walks with me in his arms, as though he's crossing a threshold. The air shimmies around me and cools my copiously wet pu**y. I'm dripping with my own juices. I'm afraid of leaving dewdrop stains on the rich carpet as Alex carries me to goodness knows where.

I expect to be flung on some bed. The King's chamber, perhaps. Alex has still not officially occupied it.

"No time to transfer my stuff," he said. Though I suspect he still harbors residual guilt where his father is concerned.

We ascend some steps. Just four or five, from the way my body is being jangled. He puts me down again upon my heels. My stance is unsteady. It's amazing how much we rely on our sight for balance. Being deprived of it is a major shock to the senses. I hold out my hands, trying to feel for Alex or something I can grasp onto.

My ears pick up the plops of soft things being shed onto the carpet. The chink of a belt buckle. He's taking off his clothes. My own wet heat rises. I wait for his hands to settle upon me once again and I am not disappointed. They dive straight for my br**sts.

He tugs at them. Tugs at my hard, hard, ultra-sensitive ni**les.

His voice is breathy. "I need you, Liz."

My ni**les are burning as I allow myself to be led this way towards to wherever he wants me to be. My triangle is wet, so wet that I can feel my creams cascading onto my inner thighs. Oh, I'm such a wanton slut. My mother would turn in her bed if she knew I had descended into this.

Alex stops. His hands slide to my waist. I'm not sure what he's doing, but he pulls my hands to him this time. My legs take one step forward, only to be met by the solid resistance of his knees. He is seated, I believe.

"Mount me, Liz. I don't think I can wait a moment longer. I need you. I need to be inside you." His voice is so hoarse now that I can scarcely hear it.

His cock. Oh, his cock. I picture it - as hard as hard can be. His thick veined shaft rising from his pubic thatch, capped by his circular mushroom head, his balls pulled tight. That very c**k which has been inside me for oh so many times until I've lost count.

His sure hands guide me to straddle him. He is indeed seated. I spread my thighs, leveraging myself on his shoulders, as he pushes his throbbing member into my ready pu**y. My greedy little mouth, so wet and enticing, encircles his girth.

I moan as he thrusts into me with one swift movement. His c**k stabs deep - so deep that I can feel its tip at the secret mouth of womb. Gravity ensures that I stay there, pinioned to him as he steadies my hips.

I'm so stretched. So, so stretched.

Ooooooo.

He seems bigger than usual. Harder. As if an iron rod wedges inside me - plump and decisive and dangerous.

My thighs and legs claw for purchase, and my knees scrape against something ... firm. Something cushioned. The armrests of a chair.

"Hook your legs around them, baby," he says.

Once again, he helps me. My knees are bent, and I encircle the armrests carefully with my legs. I am in an 'M' position. I hope Alex has locked the door to this room, wherever it is, because whoever walks in on us is going to have a very awkward sight of my bu**ocks and splayed legs.

He ascertains that I'm comfortable. Well, as comfortable as I can be in that position and with his huge penis impaling me. I'm filled as only he can fill me. I'm filled in both my body and soul ... with a satisfaction that only he can give me.

"Grind yourself on me, baby," he whispers.

I know what he likes.

I oscillate my hips, grinding onto his c**k as though he's a pestle and I am his mortar. It is as though he is molding my canal, shaping it into the funnel of his desires. His rigid flesh cores me in all the right secret places, pressing and rubbing my moist pleasure points. His penile head massages the hollow in my vagina at the back, right below my cervix ... the left nook in my lower passage. Oh, he knows every part of me intimately, and he knows how to wriggle and maximize the narrow space afforded to him and its angles.

My clit prods against his pubic hair. His groin rubs and strokes it so pleasurably that my mind almost blacks out at the ecstasy.

"Oh, Alex, what you do to me."

"Don't stop," he begs me.

I grind and roll my hips. I grip my shoulders and use my thighs as anchors as I begin to pump him. My bu**ocks begin their rhythmic dance as I slide myself up and down on his shaft. It's as though my hips are possessed of their own kinetic energy, their own subconscious reflexes. Alex's organ pounds and kneads and thrusts into me. My walls are so slick that I can hear the squish of our wet flesh rubbing against each other.

My breathing intensifies. My br**sts must be bouncing as I f**k Alex. His hands grip my waist, and then my hips, and then everywhere else, as though he's very close to orgasm. As am I. His c**k repeatedly pummels my G-spot even as his groin digs into my sweet, tremulous clit. I'm being assaulted on two erotic fronts. I'm going to crest, I know it. I'm going to the edge, and I'm going to take him along with me.

His se**n explodes within me - hot, sensuous stuff that wriggles into my every crevice and fills me with a deep, deep satisfaction of being possessed. At the same time, I let myself tip over the precarious edge. One moment, I'm sane. The next - I've tripped over to a whitewashed world of spiraling bliss. Bliss that is intensified tenfold because of my lack of sight.

I shudder, my muscles spasming everywhere. I scream. I arch my back and almost fall off, had he not possessed enough presence of mind to grab my arms. My blood roars in my ears and my pelvis clenches, and squeezes his cock, as though intent to milk every last drop from him.

Oh, I can do this forever.

Oh Alex, Alex.

I love you. I will always love you.

One of his hands goes up to my face and pries the scarf away from my eyes.

Light descends onto my sudden vision. Alex's beautiful face is contorted in a rictus of desire. His green eyes are almost black, almost all pupil. He is seated upon a fine chair.

A very, very fine chair.

Brocaded and gilded and ornately carved. A chair that is so exquisite that I can see the miniature details on it - of leaves and azaleas and stalks.

Oh my God.

We just had passionate sex on the royal throne of Moldavia.

3

I can believe that no one caught us in the throne room.

"Hey, it's my chair. I can do what I want on it," Alex clips.

I think I'm mortified beyond measure. It's something I'm not likely to tell our kids. "Did you know your Mom and Dad had sex on the royal throne of Moldavia? Yes, your Dad blindfolded and tricked me." That is one piece of trivia those Moldavian historians won't be writing in their annals, you can bet on that.

"Relax," Alex says, grinning. We are having breakfast on one of the East Wing balconies, overlooking the royal gardens. "It's not as if it's going to appear on 'News of the World'."

You never know. My face is on permanent (and very natural) blusher. What if they had spy cameras hidden inside?

"I erased them on the security videos," Alex says with a straight face.

I gasp. "You mean there are security cameras in there?" You mean we were being watched by palace security? Oh my God, I think I'm going to pass out.

"I persuaded them to go for an extended smoking break during our ... uh, rendezvous." Alex throws his head back and laughs. "Oh come on, Liz. I never took you for a prude."

Yes, I know we made love naked on the Indonesian beach. We made love in an archeological cave. But this is different! This is the throne of Moldavia!

I know I'm not going to let myself live this down.

Jasper enters the balcony, and I immediately turn my expression into one of utmost solemnity. (Are solemn people red-faced?) From the smug look on Jasper's face, I think he knows what happened last night. He probably has photo evidence. He's going to spread them on Facebook, Twitter and every single new Google app.

I cringe in my seat. I don't think I have even taken a bite of my eggs Benedict.

"Good morning, Your Majesty." Jasper nods to Alex. He turns to me. "Good morning, Ms. Turner."

At least he has progressed to saying 'good morning' to me since Alex asked me to marry him.

"Good morning, Jasper," Alex and I both chorus.

"Your Majesty, may I have a private word with you?" Jasper pointedly looks at me.

Alex waves his bacon-ridden fork. "Whatever you have to say to me can be said in front of Liz. Remember that, Jasper."

Jasper suppresses a sigh.

"Your Majesty, I think it is time you let Lady Tatiana and her father, the Duke of Nuernberg, know that your engagement to her is off. It's time to make it public."

Oh.

Alex looks pained. I don't blame him. It's not a task I would relish either. I'm a pacifist by nature and I hate confronting anyone in any way.

"I suppose I need to get it over with," Alex says. He reaches over the table to clasp my hand. "Then I'll be able to announce our engagement to the public."

"That isn't wise, Your Majesty. It would be too soon after your father's death. It would be extremely bad publicity. We are still in the bereavement period for the old King. To break up with Lady Tatiana, the old King's choice for your bride, and to take on a new betrothal so soon might send many tongues wagging. It will not augur well for the start of your reign."

I hate to agree with Jasper on anything, but he's right.

Alex still looks mutinous.

"It's not right. I hate subterfuge of any sort. Why don't we just come clean to the press? I proposed to Liz before news of my father's death reached me. It wouldn't be fair to Liz to ask her to wait so long." His vivid green eyes dart to me when he says this.

A pang clenches my chest.

He's always thinking of me. If this man can be any more perfect, I would think I'm in some surreal nirvana.

I squeeze Alex's fingers. "No. Jasper is right. We have to wait. It won't look right, Alex. I know that if I were reading it on some tabloid, I would think Moldavian royalty is behaving really crass."

"No different from British royalty."

Now it's my turn to look pained.

"I get it, Liz." Alex flashes me a smile. "If you're OK with waiting just a few months more ... " He squeezes my hand back.

Jasper masks a fleeting expression of disdain. I have to suppress a laugh.

"I'm OK with it," I say.

Alex leans over the table to kiss me in front of Jasper, who takes his cue and makes a hurried and quite disgusted exit.

4

Jasper is indeed right. Unpleasant things have to be done.

I can't help but wait anxiously for Alex's return. He made a day trip to Nuernberg to seek an audience with the Duke and Tatiana. I'm all pins and needles. I picture Tatiana being distraught, the Duke refusing to allow the breakup. I imagine the Duke threatening to go to war! I mean, Germany went to war with Austria over a very trivial issue, right? What's to stop Nuernberg from going to war with Moldavia?

Do those two nations even have armies?

When Alex finally comes home, I rush into his arms. He's bone weary and he sinks down with me onto the bed.

"How did it go?" I ask lightly, not wanting to let him know how worried I was.

He sighs. "Not good. The Duke did not take it well at all. Tatiana, on the other hand, was uncommonly calm. For her, I mean."

That does not sound good.

"Will everything be OK?" Anxiety swarms my voice.

"I hope so," he says, kissing me and pushing me onto the bed. "I'm tired, but I still have a raging hard-on every time I look at you."

I laugh despite my reservations about the situation. As he begins to tease the warm folds of my pu**y, my restless mind wanders to how I can take matters in my own hands.

*

I text Tatiana:

'PLEASE MEET ME TOMORROW AT 2.30 PM. A CAR WILL BE WAITING AT YOUR PALACE ENTRANCE. WE HAVE MUCH TO TALK ABOUT. DO NOT LET ALEX KNOW YOU ARE MEETING ME.'

OK, I'm a stickler for deja vu.

I get one of the drivers to take me in a limo to Nuernberg. In a reversal of events, I wait for Tatiana in the backseat. She's right on time. She moves in gracefully beside me as I depress the button that shields the backseat passengers from the driver. She wears a sharp suit today - cerise jacket and skirt with black zigzag embellishments. Tatiana can pull any dress off.

She regards me with her bemused eyes.

"Turning the tables on me?" she says wryly. "You've won, you know. No need to rub it in."

I clasp my hands. I'm nervous. "No, it's not like that. I'm not here to gloat. I'll never do that to you, or to anyone."

She raises her eyebrows.

I say, "How are you, Tatiana?"

She does look different. Her shoulders are not as poised and a stray hair has escaped her usually impeccable coiffure. The sides of her mouth are creased. There are extra patches of concealer buried beneath her eyes, suggesting that she has not been sleeping well or looking after herself in the usual flawless manner.

My chest contracts. In this kind of war, there can only be one victor. I remember the state I was in when I left Alex for the first time. I was pretty depressed. It's remarkable that Tatiana even managed to get out of bed and dress for me.

"As well as I can be, under the circumstances," she says.

"I heard your father is really upset."

"It's a slap in the face for him. My engagement to Alex was a very public announcement after all."

"Is your father ... treating you OK?" I don't know how royal fathers act towards their daughters, but suddenly, I am worried for Tatiana.

She smiles. "He hasn't hit me, if that's what you are implying. But he's disappointed in me. He has always wanted a son, and this incident does not sit well with him. It's an affirmation of his belief that daughters are and will continue to be disappointments to his lineage."

"But it's not your fault."

"He insists it is. If I had been more persuasive with Alex ... more beguiling, more giving." Tatiana's shadowed eyes flit away.

I feel really, really bad, but we are not close enough for me to reach out and clasp her hand. I'm not sure she would welcome my comfort either - I who have stolen away the love of her life.

"He thinks I should have been more ruthless," Tatiana continues.

"How?"

She shakes her head. "There are things some royals do that never see print. You don't want to know what they are capable of."

Her eyes regard me again, and I suddenly feel a cold shiver slide down my spine.

She says, "Don't worry. I'm not going to have you murdered."

A smile ghosts her lips.

The thought of her hiring someone to kill me has never crossed my mind, and now she is suggesting that it should. Oh God. What am I playing with? Surely things like these don't happen these days? With my heart thudding, I remember Princess Diana's fatal crash in the French tunnel when she was with her lover.

That can't be ... no, no, it simply can't. That was an accident, wasn't it?

"You should see the look on your face," she says, once again amused. She reaches out to grasp my hand instead, a gesture that takes me completely by surprise. "Don't worry, Elizabeth. I am not your enemy. My father is not your enemy, if that's what this visit is all about. We will not declare war upon Moldavia over this."

I'm more than surprised. I'm shocked. Is she a mind reader?

She laughs. "I've hit the nail on the head, haven't I? Yes, you are here because you want to barter peace. Very noble of you. We have no armies, but we can request defensive aid from Germany if necessary, just as Moldavia can request armies from France. But no army is going on the offense for us if we want to attack Moldavia over something as trivial as loss of face."

That's a relief to hear. But I'm still not out of the fire when it comes to assassination.

Tatiana turns a shade more serious.

"No, Elizabeth Turner. Neither I nor my father will be protesting this turn of affairs, although when it is made public, I cannot gauge the reactions of my fellow countrymen. They have been primed to accept it, however, thanks to the endless stream of photos featuring you with Alex for the past couple of months. No, the enemy is much, much closer to your home."

"What do you mean?" I say.

"Exactly what I mean," she replies cryptically. "It would do you well to keep your eyes and ears tuned. When the strike comes, it would be from the most unexpected of places."

5

I spend the next four months being afraid of my own shadow.

I'm jumpy and nervous. "Is our food tasted before it's served?" I ask Alex. "You know, as by royal food tasters?"

He's astonished for a split second, and then he throws back his head and laughs.

"Oh Liz, darling." He wipes tears from his eyes. "Where did you get that? We're no longer in the middle ages."

"It never hurts to be safe," I argue.

"Yeah, but who in the hell wants to poison us?"

You never know, Alex, I think soberly. You just never know. It's like the proverbial sword hanging over our heads. I don't know when the strings tethering it to place are going to be severed.

To calm my nerves, I take French lessons. I spend a voluminous time with Marie Vassar whenever she has time for me. Now that her brother is King, their business and social calendars are filled with engagements and appointments. Marie has taken over a large chunk of the casinos so that her brother can be left to tend to more kingly matters.

My mother came to visit for two weeks. Alex paid for everything, of course - first class all the way. It was the first time my mother had ever met Alex, the first time she has ever been to Moldavia and the first time she has ever flown first class. In fact, it's the first time she has ever been out of the United States.

Her jaw has not left the ground.

She has seen the pap photos, of course, and has been hounded by tabloid reporters to tell her side of the story. Or rather, my story. How I was as a child. Where I grew up. If I had any boyfriends as I was growing up.

Unlike Deanna, she never took the bait. Not even when they offered her a hundred thousand dollars.

Mom was like a fish out of the water everywhere. She never lost her awe of Alex ("But he's a King! Yes, I know he's very young and handsome, but he's still a King, sweetheart."). She had one tea with the Queen and Marie, and she clattered her way through with the teacups, spilling half her Darjeeling on her cheese and tomato finger sandwiches. She is clueless about dining etiquette.

I know I ought to be embarrassed for her, but I'd rather have my Mom for a Mom anytime than Alex's mother, who is polite and smiling throughout, without the smile quite touching her eyes.

"I don't belong here, sweetheart," Mom says, abashed.

"Of course you do, Mom." I hug her.

"No, I don't. And neither do you, Lizzie, as much as I hate to say it."

I hate to admit it too, but she is right.

"I have a bad feeling about this place, Lizzie." She shudders as she looks around the grand palace. "It's as though we are being watched all the time. Nothing feels safe. Nothing is private."

Those are my exact sentiments, though I have learned to ignore it. Mom is far wiser than we give her credit for.

"I hope you know what you're doing, Lizzie, giving up college and all. But Alexander is a good, good man. He loves you very much."

"I know, Mom. I know."

I say a teary goodbye to Mom as she leaves for the airport. The time has now come for another major confrontation - the announcement of my official engagement to Alex. So far, the family knows about it and they have been majorly uneasy, except for Marie.

But it's time to make it public now. It's time to drag that-which-shalt-not-be-discussed into the limelight.

Let the mudslinging begin.

*

The official announcement will be to the press. Under Madame Fournier's careful guidance, Alex and I hold our first interview for Telemonde Moldavia, our local TV station. But CNN, FOX, BBC. Al-Jazeera and all the big world news reporters are here too, not to mention the gossip rags.

I'm dressed in a deep blue velvet dress. It has a demure neckline and a very flattering waist. My hair is brushed and coiffed to shining 'natural' perfection. I am bright-eyed and innocent-looking. My face has been touched up so as not to make me look too young, lest Alex be accused of robbing the cradle, even though we are only a few years apart in age.

Alex is so impossibly handsome that I can't take my eyes off him. Which is a good thing. He helps me focus on what we are here to do. We have to sell our love to the world and come off not looking like the bad guys.

The interview is conducted in English. Our interviewer is the most famous talk show host in Moldavia, Yvette Dupree. She's the Oprah of her little corner, and we are about to make her world famous.

We are seated on her couch together. She is placed in her usual armchair facing us. There is no live audience today. A bevy of cameras - more news cameras than I have ever seen in my entire life - decks the entire podium to the front of us. I'm frankly dazzled by all the lights.

My hands are numb. Come to think of it, I can't feel my legs either. Madame Fournier has made us rehearse what we're going to say again and again, but there's always the chance of Yvette Dupree throwing us a curveball. She's a journalist after all and you can't curtail the freedom of the press, even in Moldavia.

Even if you are royalty.

Yvette is a stunning blonde. She is not beautiful if you take her individual features apart. Her nose is too narrow. Her eyes too close together. Her lips trend to the voluptuous side. But put together, she is stunning, especially with her huge mane of hair.

"Are you ready?" she says in her low, smoky voice. She is far from deferential, though she is clearly excited. This is her coup and she knows it. Her career is about to go stratospheric.

"Yes," Alex says.

He clasps my clammy hand.

"You'll be OK," he whispers.

It's like a test I have studied ten times for. I keep telling myself I'll be OK, and yet, now that I'm here and my examination orals have begun, I am tongue-tied and frozen.

Oh God God help me.

The interview begins. Before us, the news cameras greedily lap up our every word, magnify our every deficiency ... every pore on our face. Sweat beads upon my brow from the studio lights.

The first few questions are congratulatory about Alex's ascension to the throne. Yvette mentions the old King's passing and we are suitably somber. Alex talks about his father in a heartfelt way, dragging up memories of his childhood with his father. He details the anecdote, as rehearsed, about his father playing toy trains with him in the royal playroom. I find myself imagining Alex as a boy and the old King as a far younger man - sitting together on a humungous toy train as it runs round and round a track replete with toy stations and toy passengers.

So we have now established that Alex loved his father. I hate it that everything is so manipulated for the media, but we have no choice. And it's true - Alex did love his father dearly, even if they didn't always see eye to eye.

Alex is magnificent in front of the cameras. He's very natural, as if he's used to being before them all his life even if this is his first time being officially interviewed.

Yvette swivels to me. My insides turn to jelly.

"So, Liz. May I call you Liz?"

"Yes, please."

Don't, don't throw me a curveball, I psyche her.

"So how did you and Alex meet?"

I take a deep breath. Alex gives an almost imperceptible nod of encouragement.

He claimed and took my body against the wall of a public hotel restroom. The men's one, to be exact.

Do not be ashamed, I hear Madame Fournier's voice telling me.

"I was a maid in a hotel in Chicago. Alex and his father were visiting." Thank goodness my voice isn't shaking ... yet. I am looking directly into Yvette's piercing brown eyes. "I was one of the servers at the state ball thrown that night by Alex's father. Alex noticed me."

"He noticed you? How?"

Wait. That isn't supposed to be in the script. She's throwing me a curveball. Yvette's expression turns amused. She seems to be saying, Come on now, Liz. Don't spare my global audience the juicy details.

If only she knew.

I remember what I wore that night - a harem's outfit - and I blush. How do I extricate myself from this now? I'm not good at telling lies. How do I wriggle out of this without appearing like a harlot? I don't want the world to know how intensely sexual our experiences are. I don't want them to know about our first 'date', and the way he f**ked me 30,000 feet above the ground.

"I was serving champagne." I say. I don't actually remember what I was serving that night. "I'm kind of a klutz. I spilled champagne on him."

I groan inwardly. She's going to totally see through that. It's the commonest 'meet cute' story in the book. I should never be allowed to tell stories. Someone should lock me in and throw away the key before I embarrass myself and Alex any further.

"You did? How quaint! So what happened?" Yvette appears genuinely interested.

Oh, oh, what do I say? What do I say?

Alex interrupts, "She apologized profusely, of course. I was totally charmed. There's something different about her, I noticed immediately. She has a refreshing, innocent beauty that I haven't encountered very often. I mean ... just look at her."

His clear green eyes are filled with so much love that my heart wrenches with actual physical pain. Oh Alex, Alex ... This is genuine. No one can fake that.

"What were you wearing, Liz?" Yvette says.

She's trying to steer the conversation back to me. She knows I'm flustered and unpracticed and she wants my undesirable traits to come out on worldwide television. She wants this segment to be the subject of a hundred million YouTube downloads.

"I was wearing ... a ... a harem's outfit."

"A harem's outfit? You mean, like, in the Arabian nights?"

"Yes." I blush. It doesn't juxtapose with 'refreshing' and 'innocent'.

"With a bustier and veil and pantaloons?"

"Yes. It was the theme of the ball."

"Would you consider it a sexy outfit?"

What is she trying to aim for here? That I'm trying to trap Alex? Yvette's eyes are cunning. She doesn't care if she's selling out her future Queen. Maybe she knows something Alex and I don't.

Oh God, I'm seeing conspiracies everywhere.

I breathe in. "It's a harem's outfit. No sexier than any other harem's outfit. Every maid there was wearing one, so I didn't exactly stand out in sexiness or anything."

"She was plenty sexy to me," Alex puts in.

I'm taken aback. He wants everyone to know he finds me sexy?

Then it strikes me suddenly. Of course he wants everyone to know he finds me sexy. He loves me. He wants everyone to know why he loves me, and being sexy to him is the tip of the iceberg.

Feeling more confident now, I say, "And he was very sexy to me too."

He smiles back. A lump bolts to my throat. Alex is simply the most amazing man alive.

"And then you started dating?" Yvette cuts in. She knows what she has on camera is gold.

"Yes."

"Describe your first date."

That's easy. I don't have to lie anymore.

Together, Alex and I complement each other's stories of our first date on the plane, leaving out the more salacious memories. We talk about our trip to Indonesia - living amongst the natives in wooden huts which are surrounded by swaying coconut trees.

Then Yvette shows a clip of Alex's proposal to me at the airport, which was obviously taken by someone at the scene.

"This was uploaded to YouTube six months ago," she explains. "It received one hundred and eighty million downloads. So far."

One hundred and eighty million! I feel faint. That's more than Justin Bieber.

Yvette says, "But there are other considerations, Your Majesty. There was the very public announcement of your engagement to Lady Tatiana of Nuernberg eight months ago."

"Yes. My father announced it. It was one of those things that we ... disagreed upon." Alex looks straight into the cameras. "My father was a good, good man and he only wanted the best for me. At least, that was what he thought would be the best for me. Lady Tatiana is warm, lovely woman and she would make someone a splendid wife. It's just that ... I happened to fall in love with Liz."

He gazes at me when he says this, and the rapture is unmistakable. I can almost swoon, as no doubt many women around the world are swooning now. Imagine, the most handsome and eligible bachelor in the world ... openly declaring his love for me on live television.

Somewhere along the line, I must have done something good. Maybe I saved people in a past life. Maybe I healed old folks and performed many good deeds. How else would I be blessed with a man like Alex now? It's almost too good to be true.

"So you are officially engaged?" Yvette's voice is a little husky, as though the emotion has gotten to her.

Alex replies, "Not yet. But that video you saw - "

"Which appeared on TMZ and tabloids the world over."

"Yes. It was taken six months ago, right before my father passed away. You can even see the date on the recording. We had to wait for six months to announce our engagement to the world because it wouldn't be appropriate in our mourning period. Liz has been very patient with me."

Alex grabs my hand - my cold, clammy, fish-like hand - which rapidly warms to his touch. We smile at each other, and there is nothing fake about it.

*

That night, we embrace each other with a hunger I can't remember having for a long time. It isn't merely lust or desire. We lust after each other all the time.

But tonight, everything that we do is layered with unquenchable love. I'm speaking about the deep, deep love of a man and woman who have known each other for a while, peered into each other's imperfections, and decide that they love each other more than ever - in spite of everything.

Alex enters me in missionary position. I hiss softly as his c**k thrusts into my wet, wet core.

"I want to look into your eyes as I f**k you," he whispers.

His own eyes are dark with desire. Our gazes hold each other's as he acclimatizes his penis into my tunnel's girth. It's amazing how perfectly we fit each other, as though I am the mold and he is the piece that has been torn from me at creation.

He moves within me. His eyes are green and gold and brown and stardust and flecked with every emotion known to mankind. I part my lips.

"Kiss me," I say.

His mouth lowers to mine. His lips lock against mine in a kiss that goes on and on - until we both let our tongues flow onto each other's in a searing tangle of flesh. He sucks at my tongue, sucks it as though it is a nipple. At the same time, his hips grind against and into mine. His c**k churns and oscillates within me, caressing all the right spots, pushing all my erotic triggers. Little flashes of color explode inside my skull.

I moan and writhe, letting the pleasure wash over me. His mouth refuses to leave mine. We are joined at both orifices - long and wet and prolonged. When he isn't licking my tongue and mouth, he is murmuring, "I love you, I love you" over and over, as though he can't assure me enough.

I have never loved anyone so truly and deeply before. My love for him is bone deep, soul deep. It permeates my every cell, right down to the atoms. I love him with every fiber of will in me - my conscious and subconscious. I have never wanted to melt into anyone as much as I want to melt into him right now.

If only we can be together like this forever.

If only.

He drives and drives into me ... seeming to go on and on. The minutes stretch, and I don't know how long he has tarried, but with this slow stoking of my intimate senses, it seems infinite. Even my orgasm is slow to build. Pleasure brims just beneath its threshold like little peaks of froth below a glass ceiling.

He is in no hurry and neither am I.

"Turn over," he says.

He withdraws his wet c**k from me - dripping with pr**cum - as I eagerly flip upon my belly. I raise my bu**ocks as he impales me easily once again from behind. It's a slippery insertion that needs no effort because I'm so ready for him.

He begins his thrusting again. In, out, in out - a sensuous, joyous rhythm older than time. My hair falls over my face. He lovingly lifts it.

He leans over and puts his lips against the back of my neck. He grazes his teeth gently upon my skin. His rocking amps up a notch. He's upping the rhythm and the force of his thrusts.

"Come for me, baby," he whispers.

I am already so overwrought and ready. He cores against my G-spot (oh, he knows my body and its secret passages so well), groaning, and I have no choice but to surrender. My muscles are already weak from the prolonged pleasure. I let them embrace their much awaited spasms, and I flow over the edge myself. Tripping, spiraling out of control. Falling into the vortex of ecstasy and physical heaven, with clouded walls wrapped with so much pulsing red love.

Even in my climax, his love envelops me in an all-consuming hug.

"Oh, Alex, Alex, Alex." I can't stop saying his name.

His se**n geysers into me.

"I love you," he says against my skin. "I want to have babies with you."

As we lie beside each other, spent and awash in sweat, I thank my lucky stars once again for allowing me to love and be loved by this splendid, wonderful man.

We are happy.

Almost too happy.

*

I counted my blessings too soon.

The interview played like a dream in every news channel in the world. It went viral on YouTube, just as Madame Fournier predicted. Moldavia is suddenly on the world map. Tour bookings shoot to the roof. Hotels are overbooked.

Things have never been better.

Exactly two weeks after our announcement to the press, the Archbishop of Moldavia - the very one who conducted the old King's funeral service - declared on front page headlines:

"I WILL NOT SANCTION KING ALEXANDER'S MARRIAGE."

8

"He will not sanction our marriage? What does it mean?" I say anxiously.

I expect Alex to laugh it off. To say, "Oh, it means nothing. Just an old man having his usual indigestion."

But he doesn't.

His brow is furrowed. He hesitates for a while, and then he says slowly, "There is an old Moldavian law that harkens back to the sixteenth century."

I have been reading up on Moldavian history but I am in no way as adept in it as Alex.

I say, "Back to King Philip II?"

"Yes. The Philanderer King. He wanted to cast aside his first wife, Celeste, to marry the daughter of a count. But Celeste was a princess of Spain, and the Spanish King was furious that his daughter was to be treated such."

My heart sinks. I believe I know where this story is heading.

Alex's features are pained. "Because Spain was rooted in the Inquisition and such, they wielded great power over the Moldavian church. The Archbishop was swayed to the Spanish cause. If King Phillip had cast Celeste aside, Spain would have gone to war with Moldavia, and there would have been no Moldavia.

"Philip finally saw reason. The Church then decreed that all royal marriages must be sanctioned by them for the greater good of Moldavia. Much chastised, Philip passed the law. It has never been revoked."

Just when I thought we were going to be so happy ...

There's a roaring in my ears. I knew it. Alex and I are never, ever destined to be together.

I find my voice, broken as it is. "Wh-what happened to Philip and the count's daughter?"

"Philip took her as his mistress against Celeste's wishes. They had many children together. But no, they never formally married."

Is that to be my fate?

Alex's shoulders are tense. He seizes my arms. "Liz, listen to me. I won't let a stupid obscure law made in the sixteenth f**king century to make me rescind my proposal to you."

"But how? I don't want you to go against the church."

"If that's what I have to do, I'll do it."

This is all going wrong, wrong, wrong. It's a big step to go against the head of the church, even if you're King. Tatiana was right. None of this would have happened if Alex just toed the line and married her instead, as intended. Now everyone is in a conspiracy against us. There's much, much more at stake than them merely not wanting Alex to marry a former hotel maid.

Alex says grimly, "I'll get it sorted out. I'll have to see the Archbishop."

I bite my lower lip. "Are you close to him?"

"Uh, no. He never liked me much. He's Marie's godfather. He thinks she would make a much better monarch than I ever would."

Oh.

Alex clasps my shoulders. "Let me take care of it, Liz."

He hugs me.

I let myself be hugged.

9

I wait anxiously for Alex to return from his meeting with the Archbishop. The TV is on. The newscaster is speaking in French, but I am able to grasp the proceedings now.

The scene on the TV is one of marching protest. University students have taken to the streets against the Archbishop's declaration.

The newscaster, a dignified man in his fifties, says, "The streets of Moldavia have been turned into mayhem as protestors burn effigies of the Archbishop. King Alexander Vassar and Elizabeth Turner are exceedingly popular with the young people."

Cut scene to a student protestor being interviewed.

She says into the microphone: "It's stupid. The Archbishop says he won't sanction Alexander's marriage to a common American and the only reason he gives is that it goes against what the old King would have wanted. Come on. I mean no disrespect, but the man is dead! Alexander has to move on. Has the Archbishop even met Elizabeth Turner?"

"Yes," her friend remarks. "I say let true love rule, not some stupid historical law that no one in this century even remembers."

I do so agree.

I switch channels. A talk show is going on. A famous Moldavian politician is on air.

He says, "It seems that King Alexander and Elizabeth Turner have the popular backing in this issue."

The host asks, "So do you think the Archbishop will be swayed by the popular tide? Even the world press has chimed in with their views. The church has already lost ground. Attendance is at an all time low. The Vatican is concerned that youths around the world might turn away from religion because it is deemed outdated in its views."

"That true love doesn't triumph all the time?"

"That true love cannot reverse historical tradition."

"The Archbishop has always openly disapproved of King Alexander's former lifestyle. He has been quoted before as saying it was 'godless'. So it comes as no surprise that he is against this marriage, especially since Lady Tatiana has donated much to the churches of Nuernberg and Moldavia."

"Yes, her father is building a new cathedral. What do you think of this whole matter, Monsieur Flaubert?"

The politician hesitates. "It is tempting to give in to the popular vote. However, it would mean flaunting six hundred years of tradition. Are laws to be repealed simply because a new monarch doesn't like them? King Henry VIII separated the Church of England from Rome for that very reason. But we are no longer in the sixteenth century."

"Indeed. Big debates are opening up all over the world on this."

The door whines open. I jump. Alex comes in, looking tired. From his grave features, I know that he has been unsuccessful in swaying the Archbishop.

"No luck?" I say.

He shakes his head. "He says it's not what my father would have wanted."

My heart sinks to my stomach. I know for a fact that is true.

"But I see the hand of my mother in this. Not only my mother, but Nuernberg. They intend to push us into a corner."

He gazes at the images onscreen, his eyes glazing. More student marches are being held.

He says, "This is not what I want Moldavia to become. I don't want the people to go against the church."

"Can you try to talk to him again?"

"I don't think so. I've talked to my mother, Liz. She is completely on the Archbishop's side. That's why she was so calm when I announced my intent to marry you earlier. She knew this would happen." His voice turns bitter. "In fact, I think she orchestrated it."

I am not surprised.

I remain silent, my mind churning with possibilities.

"They are pushing us into a corner, Liz. Everywhere we turn, they put obstacles in our path. There's too much at stake for everyone where Nuernberg is concerned. They are determined to make us jump through hoops until I do what they want."

His face is anguished as he turns to look at me.

"Even though I am King, they intend to make me their pawn. When will it end?"

My gut wrenches painfully.

We were so happy ... so happy.

I close my eyes.

I know what I must do, and I'm not going to involve Alex.

*

The Archbishop agrees to meet me in his private quarters in the Ecclesiastical Castle. Everything is Spartan there. There is no fire in the fireplace, even though it is winter. The coals have not been stoked. The furniture is made out of hard wood as though to drum penitence into those who choose to occupy these chambers.

Oh no, I think. He is a hard man. He won't be easy to sway.

He is as stern-looking as I remember him. He does not smile as he gets to his feet.

"Ms. Turner?" His accent is heavily French.

"Your Grace." I curtsey.

I shiver, wrapping my coat around me. The castle is chilly. How does he stand it without a heath fire or radiator?

"Please, have a seat." He waves to one of the two chairs in front of his desk.

I seat myself in the left one. It is as hard as I imagine it to be.

We exchange mild pleasantries.

"Are you a Catholic, Ms. Turner?"

"Uh, no."

He does not say anything to this, though the slight curling of his mouth suggests that he possibly thinks I'm as godless as Alex.

Not a good start.

He waits attentively for me to begin.

"Your Grace, I know Alexander has been to see you."

He nods.

"I beg of you to reconsider. We ... we ... " I cast my eyes down desperately. He intimidates me so. "We love each other very much. We just want to be together. Surely love has to count for something."

I raise my pleading face to his. I don't know what I must have been thinking - that my declarations of love for Alex would melt his hardened heart perhaps. That he would take one look at me and know that I am not an opportunist ... perhaps.

He says harshly, "Is it love, Ms. Turner, or a desire to be Queen?"

"My desire is to be with Alex forever and to have his children."

"As Queen."

"I would have loved Alex even if he was a commoner." Tears spring to my eyes. Why is this clergyman so stony and forbidding?

He turns a tad calculating. "Would you love Alex if you remain a commoner?"

"What do you mean?"

"The Queen and I have discussed this at length."

Of course. Anything the Queen has a hand in can't bode well for me.

He leans back in his hard wooden chair.

"If you love Alexander ... if you truly love Alexander ... would you then consider being his mistress?"

I'm the count's daughter all over again. Six hundred years apart, and it's still happening.

I whisper, a hard lump in my throat, "Who would you have him marry then?"

"Lady Tatiana, of course." He raises his bushy white eyebrows. "The Duke and I have spoken at length as well - "

Oh my God, they have orchestrated this. All of them together! Alex was right. It's a conspiracy.

" - and we are in agreement that Lady Tatiana would not be averse to Alexander having you as a mistress."

I wonder if Tatiana really agreed to that or she had her arm twisted. All this evokes a dreadful sinking sensation in my stomach.

I say in a shaky voice, "Alex would never do this. Never."

"Alexander will come to his senses, as his father has before him." The Archbishop smiles benignly. "I've seen them all grow up. There is too much at stake for them not to. The Kings of Moldavia always had mistresses."

He acknowledges my panic-stricken face.

"Yes, even Alexander's father. And the Queen totally condones it, because she knows that she is the one he truly loves in the end, for better or for worse. You would be very cared for as Alexander's mistress. As a mistress to a King. You would have a mansion as your home, with maids to cater to your every whim. You would have horses and paddocks. A Swiss bank account. You may even have his children. They would not inherit the throne, but they would still be his children nonetheless."

Why is everyone making me offers? Am I someone to be bribed out of the equation? Why not just poison me and get it over with? It would be easier.

Still, they are offering me a way out. A way out of all this unpleasantness. Where everyone would be happy. Except for Alex and myself.

But they are now willing to concede us that. We can be together.

Just not married together.

10

The Archbishop's words weigh soberly in my mind like anchors dragging me down. I don't want to talk about it to Alex, though I suspect the Archbishop ... and the Queen ... already have clued him in on the possibility to take me as a mistress. In short, Alex can have his cake and eat it too. It merely doesn't have to be a wedding cake.

I slither into bed with Alex, dressed in just a mauve slip. We are still sleeping in the East Wing. The TV is on. The news anchorman shows the results of a CNN poll.

"An overwhelming ninety-six percent have voted that they fully support King Alexander Vassar and Elizabeth Turner's marriage, despite the Archbishop of Moldavia's wishes on the contrary."

Alex is sober as the news clip changes to a scene of demonstrations taking place outside the churches - not only in Moldavia but throughout Europe. Even in the Vatican.

"It's become a much bigger issue," he murmurs. "It isn't right. The people are confusing the issue with religion. It's not a religious issue."

"I know. What are we to do?"

He sighs. "I don't know, Liz. I don't know. My father wouldn't have wanted this to happen."

His eyes are glued to the TV screen, and his expression is pained.

A pang snakes to my chest.

He says, "People are throwing in all their pent-up frustrations about religious order and the clergy and using this as an excuse. Sooner or later I'll have to say something, calm people down. These protests can escalate into violence, so it'll have to preferably be sooner."

There's a faraway look in his eyes. He seems to have aged five years over the past few days.

My insides clench. I put a hand on his shoulder.

Instead of embracing me, he gets up from bed.

"I have to go do a few things," he says, not looking at me.

"Tonight? But it's late."

"I know. But I'll still have to do them. Don't wait up for me."

Something is wrong. I sense it in my bones, my flesh, the painfully contracting sac of my heart. But it is not in my place to stop him or even ask him about what he has to do. From the straight, firm lines of his mouth and the grim determination on his face, it will be something he has to do on his own.

He has to do right by his people.

Oh God.

I can only wait in our bed as he dresses and strides purposefully out of the door.

I don't see a way out here. Either way, people are going to get hurt badly.

From his subtle withdrawal, I think it's going to be me.

*

The next morning, I wake up alone in our bed. My face is sticky with dried tears. I have been crying all night despite telling myself to be brave.

Alex has not come back. His side of the bed has not been slept in.

Alarmed, I dress and go down to the breakfast patio. I can easily place a cellphone call to him, but I don't want to appear the anxious fiancee. He's got enough on his place without having to worry about my insecurities.

Is it so bad being Alex's mistress? At least I get to see him every week, if not every day. At least I'm allowed to bear his children.

But is it the life I want?

All I do know is that I love Alex more than life itself. But is being second best enough for me down the line?

Jasper and Madame Fournier are at the breakfast table. Their eyes are bloodshot and their shoulders droop with fatigue. Alex is nowhere to be seen.

"Good morning, Ms. Turner."

"Good morning, Jasper. Is Alex around?"

"He is having an audience with his mother, the Queen, and his sisters."

Oh. It must be important at such an early hour.

Madame Fournier says, "Are you all right, Elizabeth? You look distressed."

I sit down. "No, I'm not all right."

I take a deep breath and tell her everything. Both of them. They listen attentively, and when I have finished, they exchange knowing glances.

"What?" I say. "What are you not telling me?"

Madame Fournier says, "The King will be making a public announcement soon. Last night, a Molotov cocktail was flung at the Ecclesiastical Castle."

My pulse thuds at my throat. It is exactly as Alex has predicted. Some quarters are itching for an excuse to fight the church.

"Alexander feels responsible. We spent all of last night crafting his public speech. He will address the world at noon."

At noon!

"He told me nothing of this speech," I say faintly, "only that he has to calm the masses down."

"He is doing exactly that."

"He didn't wake me. I could've ... helped." Even as I say that, I realize how lame it sounds. How can I possibly help to craft a King's speech?

"He specifically asked for you not to be disturbed," Madame Fournier says pointedly.

Of course. I would only mess up things. Crestfallen, I stare at my empty plate.

I have become a hindrance to Alex. No wonder he is distancing himself from me. I don't blame him. Perhaps I should not have said 'yes' to his proposal. I should have stuck to the plan I made with Tatiana, left for Chicago, and everyone would be much happier. Even Alex, in the long run.

I am so woebegone that Madame Fournier reaches out to touch me lightly on the shoulder.

"Don't fret so much, Elizabeth, about things out of your control. Just have faith in Alex to do the right thing."

"Yes, I do."

Even Jasper looks sympathetic. They do know something they're not telling me.

How awful can it be?

11

At noon, we crowd around the TV in the parlor to hear Alex's speech. He is at the station, ready to go on a special news segment that will be broadcasted live to the world.

"Where's the Queen?" I ask Jasper and Madame Fournier. It seems strange that in times of such crisis, I am left with two of them instead of Alex's family. Very telling, I know.

"The Queen is in her suite. But Marie is at the station with Alex."

Oh. So he has decided to ask his sister to tag along instead of me. I don't blame him. She's a princess of Moldavia after all and she, like, has a political I.Q of 262. She would be a much better co-presenter for him.

Alex faces the cameras. He's impossibly handsome, heartbreakingly so. They have combed his hair and made his dark circles disappear. His forehead is smooth and unlined once again.

He begins:

"I come to you, today, people of Moldavia, as a citizen. A few hours ago, I discharged my last duty as King."

My hand flies to my mouth.

No, Alex, no.

"I will be succeeded by my sister, Marie Vassar, Princess and second born of Moldavia. My first words must be to declare allegiance to her."

Why, Alex, why?

"The reasons which have compelled me to renounce the throne are for the greater good of the people of Moldavia. I do not wish to be the cause of a separation of the state and church in the hearts of the people. I do not wish to be a King who would revoke a law centuries old just because it inconveniences him today.

"For what are we without laws? It was a law that was put in place for a very good reason. It was a law that protected Moldavia's sovereignty in its time. It was a law that allows us to walk freely today and count ourselves as one of the richest nations in the world."

Tears run down my cheeks and stain my lips with their salt. I do not attempt to brush them off.

"But in accepting the letter of the law and acceding to the decision of His Grace, the Archbishop of Moldavia, I will find it impossible to perform my duties as King without the woman I love by my side. The decision I have made is mine and mine alone, and it is a decision for the greater good of my fellow countrymen."

A hand snakes around my shoulders. Madame Fournier, her eyes glistening, has chosen this moment to crumble her ice queen facade and comfort me in my hour of need.

"The decision has been made less difficult for me by the sure knowledge that my sister, Marie Vassar, will succeed me. Marie has graduated with top honors from Yale in economics, and with her brilliance and ambition, she will undoubtedly steer this country to further magnificence."

He pauses, clearly overwrought. Marie steps up from the side, her eyes shining with tears. She takes her brother's arm.

Alex continues, his voice shaking slightly, "Let us welcome into this twenty-first century the first female ruler of Moldavia. Long live the Queen. God bless you, my fellow citizens."

The video feed winks out.

The room is silent as the anchorwoman cuts in with a "Now, that was a stunner of a speech."

Yes. I know.

I bow my head and sob my heart out for Alex and everything he has lost for me. I sob and sob, unable to stop even to draw breath. My head hurts with a splitting headache and I can feel my soul splintering in two.

Madame Fournier puts her arms around me.

"He didn't want us to let you know what he was doing. He was afraid you would try to stop him or do something as foolish as you did like leaving him for his own good," she says.

I would have done it too. I can't bear how much Alex has given up for me. It isn't fair to him. It isn't fair!

They let me cry and cry until I'm dry all over, and then they leave, sensing that I'm not going to stop crying anytime soon within the day. The light outside the windows shift and change, denoting the passing of the sun. I stay there in the parlor, stoned - not moving, not even blinking until the door quietly opens.

Alex slips into the room.

He immediately kneels before my inert body, still in the chair. My face is puffy and my eyes as red as the indentations of my fingernails on my palms. I am now tearless and soulless.

"Liz?" he says in a low voice. He does not seem saddened in the least. Years have disappeared from his face and his eyes are bright and clear.

"Why, Alex, why?" I whisper.

"Because I love you more than anything in this world, and nothing is going to stop me from marrying you and raising a family with you. I don't want the throne, Liz. I never did. It's something I have never craved. Marie would make a much, much better ruler, trust me. I did it for us, for Moldavia, for my family and everyone else - so that everyone can have what they want."

"The greater good," I say dully.

"Yes, the greater good." He clasps my face and runs the pad of his thumb down my dried cheeks. "Oh, Liz, Liz ... you're so beautiful."

"I look awful."

"No. You're the most beautiful thing in the world to me. And finally now we are free. Free of responsibility, of sorts ... free to do anything we wish. We can go around the world, do anything we want. Don't you see? This is the best thing I could have ever done for us."

My mind is still reeling from the shock of this afternoon's events, but yes ... I'm slowly beginning to see it too. Alex can be what he was when I first met him - a prince. Only now, he's removed from the burden of responsibility. Yes, he will have responsibilities, but his life is not dictated to the whims of the palace so much anymore.

He grins. "So what do you say? Shall we set the date?"

EPILOGUE

It's eight months later.

The day of my wedding dawns fair and bright. I wake up at five to begin my makeup and hair. Monsieur Danton teases my tresses into a mass of flowing waves that will gleam in the sun. Stella Catalan, now world famous as a Moldavian fashion export, has designed my wedding gown.

Even I cannot believe how gorgeous I look. The bodice is my dress is done up in ivory motifs of the azalea, which is the national flower of Moldavia, and seeded with pearls and little diamonds. The ivory gown is a puffed-up inverted flower, so elaborate that you should see me float in it. I'm a shimmering cloud.

For my wedding gift, the Queen has given me (yes, Queen Marie!) a diamond and emerald necklace so huge that my neck is practically embedded by its weight. It's apparently a family heirloom. Her mother has augmented it with matching diamond and emerald earrings and a diamond bracelet. The royals are showering me with jewelry. Probably felt guilty for navigating me out of a Queendom. The safe in my room is a veritable treasure chest.

I have a tiara ... and a silk train. You should see that train! It has to be carried by twelve pagegirls.

I am having a very public royal wedding. Moldavia and the world need its spectacle. They want to see me and Alex have our happy ending.

It's time for me to be ferried to the church. I am going in a carriage pulled by horses. Yes! Just like Cinderella! I hope it doesn't turn into a pumpkin halfway. That would totally ruin my dress.

The people line up the streets to see me. Since my Dad can't be found, there's no one to give me away, but that's all right too. My Mom is here, and I've invited Mr. Mangorean and a few people from the hotel. (Not Cassandra Pelicano.) I've even invited Deanna, my old roommate. I've decided to forgive her.

When she flew in, we hugged each other fiercely with tears in our eyes.

"I'm sorry," she whispered over and over.

"It's all right. You're here and that's all that matters."

The people are cheering and waving at me as I pass. I wave back, smiling. I'm on live TV coverage. Even though I'm not Queen, this is an event big enough to rival Marie's coronation.

I arrive at the cathedral. I climb out of the coach, tucking my train around me carefully. Guess who is my bridesmaid? Yes, it's the new Queen herself! What a kick I'm having - a Queen as my bridesmaid on my wedding day.

Alex is waiting for me at the pulpit. So is the Archbishop, who will marry us as a sign of his acceptance. They both beam down at me as I enter. The guests stand on my account. I am truly a princess today.

Oh yeah, my new title. Princess Elizabeth.

I think I can get used to it.

Alex is so handsome in his black suit that I swoon. His hair is combed neatly and he has a mischievous look in his eyes. Since his abdication, we have not looked back. He has thrown himself into his work and humanitarian deeds, as befitting a prince of the realm. I have organized charities and devoted myself to causes. We set about healing the royal family and mending ties with Nuernberg.

As a sign of those mended ties, Tatiana and her father are at the wedding. They are seated in the first row beside the Queen Mother.

Alex does not take his eyes off me as I ascend the steps to the pulpit.

I love you more than anything in this world, they say.

And I love you more than anything and anyone, I silently say back.

The Archbishop commences the ceremony, and his words are half-drowned by the rushing of blood in my ears. I'm alive and with the man I love. We're together despite all odds. He puts the ring on my finger - it's a diamond so huge that it eclipses every single bauble I have ever seen. And he kisses me. Oh, how he kisses me. It's sweet and filled with so much love and hope for our future than I can melt into his kiss forever.

Later, we will honeymoon in Indonesia. We will make love on the sands and drink from coconut husks and live like the beautiful, beautiful natives.

But for now, we are blessed as man and wife in the house of God. And happiness like I have never known it swarms my entire being and lifts me to the light of the stained windows.

