Chapter One

While waiting for the consultant to arrive, I tabulate my list of woes on a palace notepad. It has the Moldavian crest embossed on each page, a reminder of all the people in the palace who hate me.

Let me count the ways:

1. The Moldavian press hates me. They think I'm a "gold-digging white trash American hotel maid/slut" who is "spending all the prince's (a.k.a taxpayers') money.

2. Since the Moldavian press hates me, the European press thinks I'm a figure of fun. And so do the press of pretty much every part of the world.

3. The Queen thinks I can replace the beauteous Lady Tatiana, the preferred engagement partner for her son, in the way a two-dollar brassiere on discount at Target can replace a La Perla pearl-studded bustier. (Yeah, that's what she really thinks of me.)

4. Claire, Alex's sister, has been revealed to be the one who alerted the paparazzi to where I was shopping on Alex's tab. Needless to say, I think she did it because she hates me.

5. Jasper, the King's Royal Chamberlain (or aide or personal assistant or whatever he calls himself today) thinks I should be tumble-dried in one of the palace's Laundromats. Of course, I'm going by the level of disdain on his features every time he looks at me.

6. I'm pretty sure they have been keeping my presence in Moldavia from the King, who probably isn't allowed TV or newspapers or Internet or any chocolate in the Coronary Care Unit. But once he hears of me, I'm sure he will keel over from another heart attack.

7. I haven't met Tatiana in Moldavia yet, but I'm sure she's sticking pins into a little voodoo doll of me dressed in a maid's outfit.

Alex is seated beside me in the East Wing parlor. Most of our activities seem to be confined in the East Wing, probably because the rest of the royals are afraid of contamination by me. I think they probably think I must have white trash cooties, or something.

"You OK?" Alex says in concern.

"Yes."

"What are you writing on that pad?"

"Nothing. Just doodling."

I hastily put it away.

"You look very nice." The corners of his lips curl upward. "Is that something you bought the other day?"

I'm dressed in a pale pink two-piece suit - extremely well cut to show off my curves. My shoes are Christian Loboutin, and my hair is swept back in a chignon. If I didn't know who I was, I would have mistaken myself for one of those chic French debutantes who get magazine coverage each time they grace a Cannes movie premiere.

Alex is looking extremely nice too. His longish hair is neatly combed back today, but a stray tuft falls over his forehead appealingly. He wears a dark pinstriped suit and tie which show off his blue-green eyes to marvelous effect.

Those very blue-green eyes were hovering above my face earlier this morning when he made love to me. I blush to think of us joined together, his c**k deep inside my pu**y - his wonderful girth filling my every crevice and secret nooks. I recall his unhurried movements as he grinds himself against me. The sex was leisurely, prolonged, languorous, as though we had all the time in the world.

He bent down his head to kiss me from time to time. Slow, sweet kisses, full of mouth and tongue and passion. His hands roamed up and down my body, repeatedly rubbing and tweaking my ni**les even as he increased his rhythm.

My groin clenches just to think of what he did - especially at the end when his se**n gushed forth, completing my climax.

Jasper strides into the parlor, interrupting my indecent reverie.

"She has arrived, your highness."

"Thank you, Jasper," Alex says.

A woman in her fifties with short blond hair cut close and a pair of sunglasses dangling off a chain around her neck walks in. She is as thin as a pencil, and she is all angles, as though she is made out of papier mache.

"Good morning, your highness," she rasps. She has a voice like grated pebbles. She glances at me. "Good morning, Ms. Turner."

Alex gets up and offers her his hand. "Good morning, Madame Fournier."

"Morning," I squeak. The way she is sizing me up frankly intimidates me.

Madame Fournier holds up an iPad.

"Did you see the headlines today?"

Actually, no. I make it a point to avoid them these days.

"Which paper?" Alex says.

She shoves the iPad in front of our faces, and starts flipping the 'pages'. "American ones. Chicago Sun Times. Chicago Tribune. New York Times."

Uh oh. So they have gotten wind at home of what I've been up to.

I'm famous!

(In the wrong way.)

"Let me see that," Alex says, taking the iPad from her.

Together, we peruse the headlines with dread. I expected the usual ones: 'OUT TO GET HIS MONEY AND A PRINCESS TITLE'. 'AMERICAN LASS SNARES HANDSOME BILLIONAIRE PRINCE'.

Well, they are all there.

And more.

My stomach clenches as I see two sub-headlines:

'HOTEL MAID HAD SEX WITH THE PRINCE IN A PUBLIC RESTROOM,' SAYS HER ROOMMATE, DEANNA SMITH.

'HOTEL MAID QUITE THE SLUT WITH THE GUESTS,' SAYS HER CO-WORKER, CASSANDRA PELICANO.

I must have blanched, because Alex says, "Liz, are you all right?"

The room spins a little, and suddenly, Alex is propping me up and I'm leaning against his shoulder. Deanna's face blurs into Cassandra's, their mouths opening and closing without sound.

Oh shit.

"No," I say weakly, "I don't think I'm OK."

I'm definitely not OK.

In fact, I think I'm going to be sick.

I can take the name-calling from anonymous reporters. Even Alex's relatives, who have every right to think I'm not good enough for their son or brother or cousin or whomever. But Deanna? And Cassandra?

How could they do this to me?

How?

"Liz," Alex's urgent voice filters through my head, "it doesn't mean anything. They could have been misquoted."

"That's a very real possibility," Madame Fournier says in a kinder tone.

I don't honestly think anyone could have misquoted something like that without being sued. What Deanna said was true, of course. I did have sex with Alex the very first I met him in a public restroom. But I told her all that in confidence. Did she have to blurb it out to the press for her fifteen seconds of fame?

Worse still is Cassandra Pelicano's statement. I have never, ever behaved the slut with any of the guests at the hotel I worked at. I have never behaved the slut in my college either. I haven't even dated regularly until I met Alex.

I feel betrayed in the worst possible way. What have I ever done to either of them?

My knees buckle and Alex catches me.

"Here, Liz, sit down."

I hear the scrape of a parlor chair being pulled and my bu**ocks are suddenly slammed upon its soft padded seat. My head still whirls.

"Don't mind them, OK?" he says urgently. "Don't mind them."

Easy for you to say. You're not branded the slut for sleeping around. You're a prince. It just makes you cool.

It's different for girls.

Someone shoves a glass of water into my hand.

"Drink, Liz," Alex says. I can feel his warmth beside me.

Jasper was right. The best thing I could have done was go home before any of the headlines hit and forget any of it ever happened.

But I love love love Alex fiercely. With my entire body and soul.

"What do you suggest, Madame Fournier?" I hear Alex say. His voice is sober, all businesslike.

"That's what I'm here for as the top Public Relations consultant in this country. We need to rebrand the two of you to become Moldavia's biggest export."

Chapter Two

I cry my heart out that night. I cry huge tears that roll down from my cheeks to my pillow. I cry for all the innocence I have lost and all the friends I thought I had.

Alex is beside me in bed, naked. Normally, this would engender that fluttery, hollowing feeling down there, between my legs, but tonight, I am just too upset. I have turned away from him because I don't want him to see my puffy red face.

"Why don't you give them both a call?" he murmurs, lifting a strand of my hair.

I shake my head miserably. I don't think I can talk to or face either one of them again. What's worse is that deep down inside of me, I believe they are capable of doing it. It may not even be for vindictive or vicious reasons, but simply a chance to bask in the spotlight. Deanna always had that 'I want all the attention' streak in her, and besides, I really did leave her in a co-rental payment lurch when I upped and ran away with Alex.

As for Cassandra, she always did like gossiping about other people, and I don't mean that in the best of ways.

"How's your father?" I ask.

He sighs. "He's stabilized somewhat, but he's still in intensive care. Apparently three quarters of his heart muscle has been destroyed and they had to put in a pacemaker just to keep his heart beating."

Oh my God. That's awful. Here I am, sunk in my own petty problems and here is Alex, having a very real problem of his own.

I turn my tear-sloshed face to him.

"Oh Alex, I'm so sorry."

I open my arms to him and he comes gladly to them. We wrap ourselves in a fierce horizontal hug -full-bodied, skin to skin at every contact point, body heat permeating our every fiber. A pang of love fleets through my chest.

Oh, how I love this man. I love him so so so much that it actually physically pains me.

"I love you," he whispers against my neck.

"I love you too."

"How can I cheer you up?"

"I'll get over it soon. Don't worry about me."

He laughs. "You're supposed to say 'Let me count the ways'."

I smile despite my tears. My nose is kind of runny, and I don't feel very attractive. But Alex doesn't seem to mind as he turns my face towards his with his crooked finger on my chin, and bends his head down to kiss me.

We kiss. Oh, how we kiss. There's a groundswell of emotion in that kiss - the pouring of love, pain, guilt, and all the other emotions that we harbor within ourselves but cannot articulate. But we have each other, and we are the stronger and better for it, like the augmented effect of two becoming one and multiplying to ten.

He's hard again. I can feel his c**k pressing against my thigh.

"You OK for sex?" he murmurs.

I'm not sure, actually. I'm still upset, but I'm certainly up for a little hold-me-tightly and tender loving. I don't know how to say 'no' to Alex, especially when he's always so rock hard and ready. Besides, his face is so beautiful in the lamplight, with multifaceted rainbow reflections in his blue-green eyes and his full, lush lips half parted in a smile.

We're in my guest room, as always, because he doesn't like us to make love in the Royal Wing where Claire and his mother reside.

He senses my consternation.

"What do you say I give you a little oral loving instead?" he suggests.

I would never say no to that.

I smile despite my tears.

He tosses off the sheets. I am wearing a silk negligee, courtesy of my shopping trip the other day. It's mauve, lacy and very sheer. I am also wearing matching silk panties.

He lifts my negligee and peruses my panties.

"Nice." He grins.

"Thank you for the present," I say softly.

"Anytime. Though I'd rather they be crotchless."

The very image of that sends a delicious shudder down my spine.

He's still grinning as he pulls off my panties and slides them off my legs. My dark pubic patch is revealed. His scorching gaze fixes upon it as he takes his languorous time to part my thighs. I blush. I'm still not used to his intense, sexual scrutiny, no matter how many times he does it.

He lowers his head between my thighs. With the index finger and thumb of his left hand, he peels open both my labia so that my quivering clit is exposed to him and the elements.

"You ready?" he purrs.

I shake my head.

"Tough luck, because I'm ready.

His tongue flickers out and slathers the length of my clit.

Ooooooooo.

I arch my back despite myself. I feel like gripping something in my fists and bunching it.

He does it again and again - a slow trail of his tongue tip starting from the very top of my clit hood down its trembling body, and further down to where it meets my orifice. He is going for sensuousness rather than speed, taking his leisurely time.

Down, lift his tongue up, then starting from the top and down again. Repeat. Soft sensuous strokes. Each sending prickles of sensation throughout my pu**y. Each leaving me wanting more.

He varies his movements. Single straight flicks merge with wavy lines, and then progress to rotational curls. His tongue dips within my furrows, which are opened like a Russian box of secrets. My fingers grab the edges of my pillow and then clamber down to grasp his long, tangled hair.

"Ohhhhh," I moan.

My pu**y begins to leak despite my earlier reservations that I would not get aroused after being so distressed.

This urges him on further.

His tongue licks and twirls and gives every part of my pu**y a good scrubbing. I twist and turn myself, trashing my head to my left and right. The tip of his tongue dips into my pu**y hole. I gasp, especially as it worms itself in pretty deep.

Once inside, it oscillates within my pu**y tunnel, circumnavigating my walls thoroughly. Now and then, it strikes against my G-spot, and I can't help but attempt to close my legs for the sheer pleasure of it.

His hands come down and firmly press my thighs against the mattress.

He continues his oral loving, as he calls it. I squirm and writhe in escalating ecstasy. My hands claw his hair, and then dart upward to grasp the headboard, and then the sheets, and the pillow again - all in a succession of pleasurably agitated activity. My pu**y is creaming and staining the sheets, and he laps my juices up, tasting and savoring them as if they were ambrosia.

I moan and make guttural noises in my throat. I feel like climbing the walls.

When he finally thrusts two of his fingers into my pu**y - right smack against the hollow of my G-spot - I explode.

I dissipate into a series of helpless cries and shudders. My body rocks violently against his grasping hand, still with his two fingers embedded in me. He throws his torso on top of mine so that I cannot squirm away from him, and he takes his pleasure in watching me as I come and come - my juices flowing copiously down his beaked hand.

When I slowly descend from my moment of clouds and rain, my body juddering now and again like a livewire, he withdraws his fingers.

"Did you like that?" he murmurs.

His lips are still smeared with my creams. It's a most seductive sight.

I nod breathlessly.

"Want to replace it with a solid member of my body?" His smile is teasing and very infectious.

I nod again.

"Then open your legs, baby."

My tears have mostly dried, and so I gladly let him mount me. As his wonderful c**k spears my pu**y, I focus on his beautiful face above mine - shining and regal and loving. And my troubles melt away.

Temporarily.

Chapter Three

"Your hair is flat," Madame Fournier pronounces.

"What?" No one has ever said that to me before. My hair is actually wavy and I'm rather proud of it because it's get-up-and-go hair - the kind you can run a brush through once or twice and look fairly decent when you head out of the door.

"It's flat," she decides. "It needs a makeover. I'm taking you to Moldavia's top stylist."

"He's not coming to the palace?" I ask in amazement. I'm actually being let out - royal pariah that I am?

"He needs his paraphernalia." She gives me a knowing smile. "Besides, I have a plan."

The stone-faced Jasper takes us to the stylist at Rue Champignon, a fashionable district with a cluster of upmarket restaurants and shops. The cuisine there is multinational - French, Italian, Greek, Spanish, with even an English pub called 'Dirty Nelly's'.

Academie de Coiffure occupies an entire three-storey section of an 18th century gabled townhouse. The stylist is at the entrance to greet us himself.

"Welcome, welcome," he says with a French accent. He beams like the moon.

"Her hair is flat, don't you think, Monsieur Danton?"

"Flatter than my mother-in-law's chest."

OK, I think we have established that my hair needs a total makeover.

As I walk in with Madame Fournier, the ladies in the rather full salon all look up. A hush ripples through the entire place.

Uh oh. Is this really a good idea?

I dart a glance at Madame Fournier, and she nods comfortingly. "Go on, take a seat. You can't hide from the world forever."

I suppose she has a point. Since all this started, I really miss my freedom and anonymity, as much as I love Alex.

"This way, please, Ms. Turner." Monsieur Danton gestures to a chair in a corner, a little distance away from the cluster of now whispering women.

I'm extremely self-conscious as I take my seat. I swear that all eyes in the room are upon me, and the remarks made in mostly French aren't too kind either.

Monsieur Danton himself works on me. He lathers my hair into a generous froth and rinses it. Then he gives me a layered cut that shortens my hair length by at least three inches. Next, he streaks it with honey and caramel highlights. He finally blow-dries it into a dazzling, shimmering cloud of silky and chunky tresses.

"There now," he says with a flourish, "you look like a zillion bucks, as you Americans say it."

I do. I really do.

I'm beaming into the mirror myself.

I will never be really beautiful, but I do believe that with this new hairstyle, I may swing heads.

I glance at the entrance of the salon. I can peer through the glass doors, and what I see fills me with dismay. The paparazzi have arrived and are waiting for me.

"Oh no," I say to Madame Fournier in a low voice. "Do you think one of the women in here called them?"

I'm wary of what happened the last time with Claire, of course.

"Certainly not," she replies. "It was I who called them."

"You?"

OK. Color me stunned.

"Of course. You need to present a good image to the public. Now walk with me outside. Hold your head up high."

I stumble to my feet. I'm wearing a new pair of pumps. Jimmy Choos, I believe. I make myself walk without tripping over my feet. My pulse is a hummingbird straining to get out of my neck.

All eyes are upon us as I nervously trudge after Madame Fournier to go out of the door.

"Remember, you look like a zillion bucks," she murmurs, "so you have nothing to be ashamed of."

Monsieur Danton opens the door for us. With a cringing heart, I step outside, smiling as we practiced.

The cameras all go off.

*

I stare at the newspaper headlines. I'm on the bottom half of the front page, my hair a glorious vision of mahogany and honey and caramel.

The press has now given me a nickname: Dizzy Lizzy. I suppose it could be worse.

The headlines say:

'DIZZY LIZZY SPORTS NEW HAIRDO FROM FAMOUS MOLDAVIAN STYLIST.'

Madame Fournier wears a smug look on her features.

"Excellent," she pronounces in satisfaction.

"What's so excellent about it?" I complain.

"You'll see."

*

Rue Grenadiers is famous for its eclectic one-of-a-kind boutiques. Madame Fournier once again makes sure the paps are there when I step into Stella Catalan's boudoir. Stella Catalan is an up and coming Moldavian designer, specializing in fluttery, asymmetrical dresses in wonderful fabrics.

I step out again, armed with a host of Stella Catalan paper bags.

Digital cameras busily click away.

The headlines the next day show:

'DIZZY LIZZY OPTS FOR MOLDAVIAN DESIGNER.'

*

Next, I'm actually wearing those Moldavian designer clothes, which are every bit as fabulous as something you'd get in Milan or Paris. I walk down Rue Grenadiers with Madame Fournier and Jasper (whose face is as black as thunder) in this eclectic flouncy chiffon piece in blue. The skirt falls down to my calves asymmetrically and I wrap my top up in a sharp blue and black jacket.

The shutterbugs go off again, and this time I'm really smiling.

The next day:

'DIZZY LIZZY LOOKS SHARP IN A SIGNATURE STELLA CATALAN JACKET AND DRESS.'

The pictures and story carry all over the world.

Madame Fournier has to field calls from magazines as far as the United Kingdom who want to do photo spreads on me in Moldavian designer clothing.

The gist of the headlines:

'Moldavian design gets thrust into the world spotlight.'

'Who knew Moldavian fashion would rival Italy?'

'Dizzy Lizzy not so dizzy anymore? Stuns in Cara Bouchard original.'

'Liz Turner comes into her own commendable fashion style. Fashion gurus comment that she may become a fashion icon in her own right.'

Oh wow.

Who'd ever thought that I - who will largely be found in an oversized T-shirt as my nightgown - would be considered a fashion icon?

*

Next stop: food.

"Does Moldavia have any local delicacies?" I ask.

"Our cuisine is mostly French," Madame Fournier says, "but we do have a few street food snacks here and there. This time, I want both you and Alex together. Eating is an activity best done in the company of a handsome prince."

I can't help feeling like a puppet as they whisk Alex and me off to a local farmer's market. The press release here will read:

'Prince Alexander and his American girlfriend, Liz Turner, take a break from their hectic life to share a bowl of Moldavian watercress noodle soup with black nut bread.'

"There's a technique to eating while being photographed," Alex tells me.

"How?"

"You don't really eat."

Great.

How do I pretend to eat?

The market is thronged with bustling people. Stalls everywhere sell produce such as cheeses and vegetables. Moldavia imports most of its food from France and Italy, having very little land for farming. The market is filled with the aroma of freshly baked products turning in open brick ovens, French pastries, strudels, delicately painted glass dolls and other interesting bric-bracs. Legs of lamb turn upon racks, sizzling with spices.

Reporters and photographers follow our every step as we stop at each stall, smiling and posing. Alex chats happily to the locals in French. I nod every now and then, not understanding a word, but still smiling. I'm terribly afraid that I would look bad in the photos if I smile too widely or if my teeth show too much.

How does he stand being under scrutiny all the time?

But of course, he's gorgeous and he photographs like a Guess male model.

"You're doing well," says Madame Fournier. "When anyone offers you something, take it and pose with it."

Naturally, every market vendor would like us to sample their product. When they offer us a whole bun, we break off a little bit of the bread and put it into our mouths for the photographers, all the while maintaining our smiles. Alex buys sweetmeats and red-cheeked apples and luscious purple grapes. We look every inch the happy young couple in love.

Well, we are in love.

If only everything wasn't so staged.

When the paps have had their fill of photos to be rushed and sold to every corner of the world, Alex says to me in the car, "My father has been transferred out of critical care this morning."

"Oh wow, that's great news!"

I mean it. Alex has been so worried, and he has spent hours and hours every day at his father's bedside.

"One little catch." He clasps my hand, as though preparing me for a momentous announcement. "He wants to meet you ... alone."

Chapter Four

My press escapades have not gone unnoticed by Alex's father, it seems. Ensconced in the Royal Suite in the hospital, he has demanded full access to television, cable, media and the Internet, even though his doctors have cautioned him against too much excitement.

My heart is at the bottom of my new shoes - Moldavian designer pumps, to be exact - as I walk to the Royal Suite with Alex by my side.

"Relax," he says.

"Easy for you to say. He doesn't have his knives out for your guts."

He manages an uneasy smile. "I don't think he has them out for you, Liz. Just be yourself."

That's the trouble. Alex's family doesn't like me because I'm me. Why should his father be any different?

"Will I excite him in any way?" I say anxiously. "I don't want to be the cause of his second heart attack."

"I'm sure you won't. My mother was dead against this, of course, as are his doctors. But my father is ... well, you know." Alex sighs.

Yes, I know. His father is the King of Moldavia.

We stand before two handsome paneled doors. This section of the hospital does not resemble a hospital at all - a plush hotel corridor, more like, with its soft yellow lighting, tasteful wallpaper and watercolors of Moldavian landscapes. Two black-suited guards with earpieces immediately stand at attention upon our arrival.

"Your highness." They nod to Alex respectfully, and turn to face me. "Miss Turner."

"Is my mother still inside, Fabien?" Alex asks one of them.

"Yes, she is."

"Just wait here a sec," Alex says to me.

He knocks quietly and enters the room. I'm left out there, standing awkwardly in my cerise blouse with its leaf detail, paired with my new simple white pencil skirt. Everything is very well cut and encapsulates my curves appropriately.

"Don't worry," Fabien says. "You look great."

"Thanks."

"Did you like the watercress noodle soup?"

So he has been keeping up with the newspapers. To be honest, I had only taken a sip from it. Not even a single noodle got through my teeth, if I want to be totally honest.

"Yes, very much, thank you." Well, I would have enjoyed it had I actually tasted it. But for some reason that day, my taste buds went on strike.

"My mother used to make it for us when we had the flu." His eyes take on a faraway look.

"That's lovely. Does she still make it?"

"No. She passed away two years ago from lung cancer."

Why do everyone's parents seem to be afflicted by a serious disease?

"I'm so sorry." I genuinely am. Fabien seems like such a nice Secret Service-type agent. But then, everyone I have met outside the royal palace has been nothing but nice.

It suddenly strikes me - what this is all about. By 'this', I mean the clothes I'm wearing, the noodles I'm (not) eating, the careful grooming of my public image for the press. I represent 'something'. Even though I'm not Moldavian, their hearts are opened by seeing me - a foreigner who has connections to their beloved prince - embrace their culture. Each gesture I make, no matter how small, means something to the Moldavian people in different ways.

I can touch them. Make them take pride in their nation.

'Export' them to the world.

The enormity of what I can do and be is staggering.

The doors open and Alex steps out with his mother. Queen Emily regards me with cool eyes. She has been spending most of her time at her husband's side, but she still looks as immaculate as ever - without a hair out of place in her charcoal grey suit.

"Good morning, your Majesty." I almost curtsey, but a look from Alex stops me.

"Try not to upset him too much," she says to me. "I'll be holding you responsible if anything happens to him."

"Mother."

"Yes, dear, I know. Allow an old woman her foibles, all right?"

She's making me nervous already.

They exit and I enter, the dread pooling in my stomach. I have not seen the King since his ball in the Chicago hotel under extremely different circumstances.

The immediate chamber is filled with a sofa and armchairs, but beyond this, in another smaller room, the hospital bed proper sits - linked to beeping gadgets and a constant heart monitor. A nurse is tidying up the scattered newspapers on the table. She looks up and nods at me.

I glimpse the photo on the front page of one of the newspapers. It's me and Alex, arms entwined. Composing myself and making sure my blouse is not tucked out of place, I enter the hospital room.

The man I saw earlier in Chicago was robust and in the pink of health. He held himself with authority. But now, he is shrunken and shriveled, half his former self. His skin sags, and he has obviously lost a lot of weight and muscle tone. There is a butterfly cannula in his wrist, and his arms are pockmarked with plasters - indicating that he has had lot of needles through his skin. A nasal prong circles his face midway, delivering constant oxygen to his nose.

A pang squirms within my chest to see him like this.

The heart rate monitor maintains a constant flowing line. I haven't upset him too much by my presence.

Yet.

I curtsey - a damned difficult thing to do in my tight Moldavian designer skirt. What do you wear to seek audience with a King anyway in a hospital room?

"Your Majesty," I say, trying to keep my eyes lowered.

"Elizabeth Turner, isn't it?" He feebly beckons me to come closer. His voice is weak. "Let us have a look at you."

I move closer in trepidation, as if any contact I have with him will spontaneously cause the cardiac monitor to beep alarmingly. He smells of hospital disinfectant and elderly skin.

"I won't bite." He smiles. "I used to bite, but I won't today."

He holds out his hand, and I clasp it, feeling a little less apprehensive. After all, we both love Alex. Me more than anything in the world, and I think he senses it.

That's the only commonality so far between us.

"You have been making waves around the world," he says.

"It was Alex's idea."

"It's a good thing, and yet not a good thing."

"Why so, your Majesty?"

"It's a good thing because you both are trying hard to give me ... and the world ... a good impression."

I nod. "We are trying."

"And hopefully succeeding."

"Thank you."

His features grow grave. "There's the downside though. It's not a good thing to go too deeply into this ... because you both are ultimately not suited for each other."

A sharp dagger pricks my chest.

My lower lip trembles as I say, "But isn't that up to both of us to decide?"

"If my son were an ordinary man, that should be the case. But as it is, he is the heir to my throne. Moldavia's throne, in this city-state which is very much still a monarchy. Our lives are not ours to dictate. They belong to tradition, family, country."

"You married an American woman."

"Who is an heir to a multi-billion empire in her own right and who can trace her ancestors back to your Mayflower. If America had royalty, she would be it."

This conversation is not going well. I don't want to stress out the man, but it doesn't mean I have to agree with everything he says. There's a tightrope I have to walk here. And what he says wounds me - very deeply.

"With all due respect, your Majesty, is it because I'm poor?"

"Allow me to be blunt here, Ms. Turner. That is partially the reason, but even more worrying is your lack of pedigree."

Yes, I know that. I've had it hurled and flung like mud onto my face for the past couple of weeks. I was never conscious of my status as a human being before, but the royals have made me very conscious now. It's almost as though I'm wearing a skin color not to their liking.

I am sorry for the King, lying infirmed like this in bed, but mostly because he has the prejudices of a white man from the early part of the last century.

It's as if the world has moved on, but these royals in Moldavia have not and are still living in their closeted ivory tower. Or maybe it's because I haven't been exposed to enough royalty and they all think like this. Maybe the entire rich Ivy League set thinks like this, and the only Ivy League person I have ever been privileged to meet is Alex, who sort of spoiled me when it comes to rich Ivy League sets.

So the King agrees with everyone else and he thinks I'm white trash.

I'm not even considered white trash where I come from. My mother had a blue collar job, but we didn't live in a trailer park, sleep with every man who comes along and shoot ourselves up with drugs every occasion we got money. And there you see, even that is a stereotype.

What right do we have to stereotype anyone?

I say, trying to keep my voice from shaking, "I'm not out to trap your son, your Majesty. We just happened to fall in love with each other."

He waves a weary liver-spotted hand.

"I did not love Alex's mother when I first married her. Nor did she love me. Love came later and stayed throughout our marriage of twenty-eight years. Had I followed my heart when I was younger and not my parents' advice, I would have missed out on a wonderful family."

Not to mention a wonderful fortune.

I know I'm being cynical because I'm on the wrong end of the interrogation, and maybe I'm too young and inexperienced - but I do believe in true love, not marriage contracts.

He studies my crestfallen face.

"You are a nice girl, Elizabeth Turner. There's nothing wrong with you as a person. But no matter how hard you try, you will never be one of us. This is not your fault. Meanwhile, I will not interfere with your relationship with Alex, as I have never interfered with Alex's relationships in the past. I will merely let it run its course."

Unease stirs inside me. "What do you mean?"

"It means that I know my son a lot better than you do." His still sharp eyes regard mine. "I've seen them come and go, Elizabeth Turner. I've watched him declare love for a woman time and again, especially when he wants to defy me for some inexplicable reason known only to the young.

"Mark my words. Yours is a fling, nothing more. He will do his duty to his family and his people in the end."

Chapter Five

The King's words continue to clang in my ears like a haunted bell as I leave the hospital suite. Alex is waiting outside for me. He stands up.

I immediately put on my 'happy smile' face.

"How did it go?" he says in concern.

"It was a good conversation," I say honestly. It was good in the manner in which it revealed unspoken truths. "Your father is a good man who cares very much for you."

That too is true. I harbor no ill will against the King, much as I would like to. He is a father, just like any other father, looking out for his son in the only way he knows. The only way he has been brought up to know and to believe that it's all that matters.

I see that now.

It's the same with the Queen. They are both not bad people. (Though I can't say the same about Claire.) They are just trying to be good parents.

"That's good then." Alex hugs me.

I melt into his embrace, wishing all my troubles would melt away that easily. My mind tumbles with possibilities. I keep seeing images of Alex entwined with Amber Valetta and all the supermodels he has previously dated.

Are Claire and the King right about him? Am I just a brief fling?

I love Alex. There's no doubt about that. But I'm also aware of the ups and downs in a relationship. People fall in love, people get married, people break up, people get divorced. It's all part of the relationship cycle. Sometimes it works out forever. Sometimes it doesn't.

Of course, Alex is unaware of all this going on inside my head.

"You've had a rough week," he murmurs into my hair. "Let me take you someplace nice."

I nod enthusiastically.

Chapter Six

Moldavia is basically the sea, the flatlands and a mountainous region which blends into the border of Nuernberg. It is to this mountainous terrain that Alex takes me to.

We drive to the foothills of the mountain range and park at a base camp site. The vista is breathtaking. All around us are snowcapped peaks streaked with green and crimson, topped by the overpowering blue sky. The air is crisp and fresh and a lot cooler than in the valleys, and everything smells of honeysuckle and grass.

There's a nip to the wind as it rushes down the mountains, carrying with it the scent of snow. I'm glad we came. Out here, I feel attuned to nature once again. Nature doesn't judge people. It just is.

A few other cars are parked there as well, indicating there are other hikers aside from us.

"I come here a lot," Alex says. "Especially when I need to chill out and be alone."

"Oh, do you want me to go?"

"Ha ha. Funny. I brought you here because I wanted to share it with you and because I think we can both use a break."

I get that. Alex is never one for city life. He much prefers nature and indigenous peoples. I find it hard to reconcile the relaxed, happy man I see before me here with the emotionally irresponsible playboy his parents and sister are trying to paint him to be.

Then again ... how long have I known Alex?

I try to banish these niggling doubts as we strap on our backpacks of supplies. We begin our trek upwards. The mountain foot path is narrow and winding, and slopes gently up at first to fool us into thinking the going is easy.

"You doing OK?" Alex says. He's always solicitous, slowing down his pace to let me keep up with him.

I'm relatively fit, thanks to hours of cleaning as a maid.

"No problem," I assure him.

I desperately want to talk to him about what his father said, but something keeps me mum. How do you talk to a man about his torrid past? How do you ask him if you are the one he intends to have for keeps - to love, honor and cherish until death (not family) do us part?

How do I even begin?

Darling, is the sex we are having the best you've ever had?

I really want to know how I compare with Gisele Bundchen, and yes, you're allowed to lie.

I'm saved from having to talk too much as we ascend the mountain because the path veers steeply up from a point onwards. I have to use all my strength just to keep going and not stop, as I'm tempted to. My calf muscles start to ache something fierce, and my breaths come in short, sharp bursts.

"Anytime you want to rest, just holler," Alex says, seemingly unaffected.

I shake my head stubbornly. I'm going to prove to myself I can climb this mountain by sheer willpower alone. In fact, not just this mountain.

I'm going to climb every mountain.

Bring them on!

"You know, you don't have to push yourself so hard," Alex says after a while.

"I can make it."

"No need for mock bravado."

"Shut."

My shins start to feel the strain as we hit the halfway mark. The view here is incredible, and the wind stings my cheeks as it rushes down the mountain. Even though my chest is bursting and I'm starting to see the green stars of oxygen deprivation, I'm happy. I haven't felt this carefree and relaxed in the longest time.

And there's even something missing - like a shadow that isn't there anymore.

Oh yes, I know what it is.

There's no paparazzi!

"At least there are no photographers," I manage to mumble.

"That's why I like it here. The mountain hike is too much for them."

We are at the three quarter mark when Alex holds up his hand. He indicates a little trek - choked with overgrown trees and rocky boulders - that splinters off the main path.

"Let's go down this way. I want to show you something."

I'm glad for the level ground, and I manage to catch my breath as I follow him down the curving little trek. The ground here is pebbled and precarious, and I have to watch where I put my feet. Alex lends me a hand now and again, and I take it, glad for his warmth and comfort.

A pair of startled eyes greets me around some shrubbery. I stop. To my delight, a mountain goat bounds away.

"There are plenty of them here," Alex says. "Use to be a lot more - whole families of them. But their population dwindled with progress, as with everything else wild and free."

We round a rocky bend and I stop in amazement. A cave mouth yawns at us, tucked snugly into the mountain like a chamber of secrets.

Alex grins. "When I was little, this used to be my hidey hole. Come on. I want to show you what's inside."

"You could climb this high when you were a little boy?"

"I climbed everywhere. I was a real monkey. Still am."

We enter the cave. The temperature dips considerably and I draw my lined jacket closer around my neck. There's an unusual stone table of sorts in the middle of the cave, which stretches back about twenty feet.

We shrug off our backpacks. Alex fumbles for his torch while I bring out my flask. There's Gatorade inside and I take a long cool drink, the liquid spilling from the sides of my mouth in my haste to consume it.

"Liz, come over here and look at this."

He shines upon a spot in the far wall. I wipe my mouth and scramble to my feet to join him. I feel like an intrepid explorer. There are cave markings on the wall - etched by hands far, far older than today's mountain climbers. An etching of a stick man with frog legs squats before us - faceless but timeless.

"Oh wow," I say.

"This cave has been studied by archeologists. The frog man is probably thousands of years old, drawn during Neanderthal times." His face lights up as he gazes upon it, as he has gazed upon it many time throughout his formative years.

I study his profile. In the light of the torch, the outlines of his features are clean and well-delineated. He resembles a beautiful fresco on a cathedral wall, painted by Renaissance masters.

My heart aches for his beauty, for the love between us and the turmoil around us.

He turns to me.

"You've been quiet lately."

"No, I haven't." I try to laugh it off.

"Yes, you have. I notice these things about you, even if you think I haven't. What did my father say to you?"

Oh scoot.

Alex adopts a scolding tone. "Oh come on, Liz. We're supposed to share these things."

Reluctantly, I tell him.

He sighs when I've finished.

"I've never wanted to hurt you," he says, "and so I never really told you about my life."

You mean there's something in what your father and Claire says?

My heart clenches. I'm so afraid of hearing something I can't bear to hear. I'm in an extremely fragile state these past few days.

I brace myself.

"Tatiana and I were informally betrothed since we were twelve."

He puts his hand on my back and firmly shepherds me away from the frogman and into the light falling across the mouth of the cave.

"When I was twelve, I didn't know much about betrothals and stuff, so I thought it was some sort of game. Tatiana used to stay in the palace for months during the school holidays. My father used to call her his 'ward'. Very antiquated, I know." He rolls his eyes.

I wait, my fists bunching behind me so that he cannot see how agitated I am.

"When we both sixteen, she seduced me."

The word 'seduce' is like a splinter of pain in my chest. OK, I know Alex was far from a virgin when he first met me. I'd be a fool if I thought he didn't have a past. But it still is a very hard thing to hear.

I was right.

I'm not emotionally prepared to be a high profile girlfriend of an international (former) playboy.

"We both dated for about two years till I was eighteen and I went off to college. I met other people and she probably did too. Nothing was really serious for me." He turns to regard me out of his serious blue-green eyes. "Until now."

My nerves are on tenterhooks.

I whisper, "Your father said you've loved a lot of women, and they never lasted."

He barks a short laugh.

"I've had sex with a lot of women. It's the truth. But love ... " He shakes his head. "When we are young, what do we know?"

We are still young now, I think. But I keep silent.

He lifts my chin up to face him. "Don't think too much about what other people say, Liz. Our love is between us - you and me. It's not dictated by my father, my mother or the public. Or even by Tatiana."

There's heat gathering behind my eyes. Tears that are threatening to form and spill to the front of my orbs.

Alex leans over and kisses my lips. I mold myself into that kiss, wanting so much to believe that we have a future and that not everything is what other people make it out to be. His lips are purposeful and commanding and nuanced, and I let the world melt away as I fall into that kiss.

His mouth opens and his tongue flickers out insistently. I let my lips part as well, and soon our tongues merge.

We kiss and kiss, parting only momentarily for air. His kisses grow more urgent, and his hands snake down my back to cup my bu**ocks. I'm wearing jeans and a sweater under my coat. Is it me, or has the temperature risen in here?

Oh Alex, Alex. Please don't hurt me. I've given you my body, my soul, my all.

Please ...

His lips trail from my mouth to my neck, and he begins to kiss me wetly upon my throat. I tip my head back and let him savor the contours of my throat and the sweet spot where my clavicles meet. He tugs at my open coat, pulling my shoulders and arms out of its sleeves. Then he yanks at my T-shirt. I let him roll it off my torso and my head. I'm not wearing anything underneath and my br**sts spring free in the hazy morning light.

I wonder if anyone can see us here at the cave mouth. From where we are, the view opens to a glorious valley between glacier-streaked peaks. Down, down below, an icy river washes through a bed of grass - lush and verdant. No one seems to be in sight, but then, you never know.

But I need him as desperately as he needs me. I need affirmation - the surety of physical love to assuage my wounded psyche.

We shuck off the rest of our clothes in record time, tossing them across the cave floor. My bare feet tread carefully upon the hard cave floor, littered with rocks and pebbles.

His pupils are dilated with desire as he leads me to the stone table. It is a large piece of basalt, relatively flat upon its surface ... and smooth. A shiver courses through me as I envision ancient man using it for sacrificial purposes. Indeed, I'm certain someone has lived in this cave. Perhaps whole families, or why else would the frogman be there?

"You OK, baby?" His voice is hoarse.

"Yes."

"I want to take you ... from behind."

The thought of it excites me. He wants me. Not Tatiana, not Amber and the rest. My libido has scoured away my troubles - at least momentarily. The stone table is raised about two feet from the craggy cave floor. He helps me climb onto it, and I position myself on my hands and knees. My bu**ocks are sticking into the air and my feet protrude outward from the surface.

"Open your legs, baby," he says.

I broaden the base formed by my two knees so that he can enter the triangle between my calves. I picture him gazing at what he can see of my pu**y between my legs - my private little cave mouth glistening with wet darkness. I am creaming at the thought of him scrutinizing me in detail. I am overflowing with the mental vision and texture of his c**k - which I'm sure is extremely erect - impaling me roughly.

Ohhhhhh.

I steal a look behind. He is naked and as beautiful as a mountain god - one of those ancient ones who roam the hills and forests and comingle with dryads and wood nymphs. His c**k is lovely and plump, and it already posits at my orifice, waiting to enter.

He enters before I can ready myself for it. He enters with a cry and a thrust. The sudden expansion of my walls sends a shuddery signal through my bones, and I clench my jaw as I hiss. I feel his hands on my hips, steadying me for what would be one of his rougher encounters.

He begins to move in and out of me, ensuring that my vaginal walls are rubbed with maximal friction. The streams of pleasure begin to swarm like electric currents all over my groin. As he thrusts and withdraws, thrusts and withdraws, his fingers creep to my front to finger my pu**y. I moan in exquisite agony as his fingertips stroke my clit and the furrows beside it.

His penis is the instrument of my libidinous torture as he pumps and pumps into me. Sweat beads upon my brow despite the chilliness of our environment. He rocks his hips against mine to ensure an oscillatory output in addition to his back-forth pistoning ones. My G-spot is pummeled and bored against and stroked and teased to merciless ecstasy. And all this while his fingers are pinching my clit and squeezing it, so that I'm sobbing and moaning and throwing back my head like the wanton slut they say I am.

"Oh baby," he groans, accelerating his rhythm.

I rock my hips back to meet his. After a few fumbled attempts, I manage to meet him head on each time he lunges forward. We are in beautiful concert, the two of us. His c**k pierces and subdues me, renders my knees into chafed pads as I scrape them against the stone table in vigor. But I am oblivious to the discomfort. My clit and G-spot are of greater sensory concern.

I am climbing something, just as I have climbed and conquered the mountain. It builds and builds, this magical upscaling of all my senses. The rock wall of the cave is in front of me - bare - but I imagine ancient etchings of early man and woman coupling upon bearskin rugs. There might have even been a campfire in here. This stone table might have been an altar for virgins to be taken upon by ancient priests before being thrown to the gods.

These thoughts, although partially morbid, present a salacious picture to my already fevered mind. As his finger presses down forcefully on the tender nub of my clit, I let myself go. My brain flies to that haven of white light and red sound and blue sky, and the world outside flattens and compresses and whirls like all the colors of the earth and water have blended into one.

The waves of pleasure are so intense that they flood my belly and spine and pelvis and chest and everything else beyond and between. I can feel my muscle fibers quivering everywhere. I am wobbling on all fours, and I can hardly feel my kneecaps and palms as they perch - precariously - on the granite.

I must have cried out like those ancient virgins have cried out before me - an ululating wail into the roof of the cave which reverberates and bounces against the three walls. The tendrils of pleasure continue to worm their way into every crevice and fold, and I continue to shudder and shudder until I'm sure I would have shuddered off the stone table had not Alex held my waist.

As I regain fuller application of my senses, I feel Alex's sperm gush into me. Its warmth and wetness spreads throughout my pu**y, jettisoning into my cervix and the secret curvatures of my womb. Not for the first time, I wonder what it would be like to have Alex's baby.

Oh, the scandal!

None of the royals will ever live it down!

As we both come down to earth and stone and fatigued and very sore muscles, we pause for a moment in our positions. We catch our collective breaths and Alex helps me off the table.

"You OK?" he says.

I rub my sore kneecaps. "Yes."

"Sorry." He's grinning, which means he's not sorry at all.

"I'll get you for that later."

Our spirits seem to have recovered since morning, and we put on our clothes again and slowly make the trek to another summit.

Chapter Seven

It is right after one dinner with Alex that Jasper summons me to an antechamber. Alex is chatting to the palace chefs regarding the type of menu his father requires when he comes home - probably a long time from now as the King still requires intensive monitoring.

Jasper appears quite secretive, which is unusual for him.

"What's the matter?" I ask. It's nice to be 'wanted' for once by Jasper, who usually thinks I'm slightly above kitchen sink scum when it comes to bestowing attention.

He hands me a note. Frowning, I open it.

It says:

'PLEASE MEET ME TOMORROW AT 2.30 PM. A CAR WILL BE WAITING AT THE PALACE EAST WING ENTRANCE. WE HAVE MUCH TO TALK ABOUT. DO NOT LET ALEX KNOW YOU ARE MEETING ME.

TATIANA.'

Jasper eyes me knowingly. For the first time, he almost smiles.

"I do suggest you go, Ms. Turner," he says in that dulcet tone of his. "You might find it quite interesting."

Chapter Eight

I tell Alex I'm going out shopping, which isn't a big deal because I have been making it a daily routine to go shopping - Moldavian-style, of course. Alex has to go to work anyway. I was surprised to find that princes actually do work.

"I'm on the board of directors for several companies," Alex explains, "and yes, I do have to work. As does my mother. It isn't just lip service."

I'm sure his job is more glamorous than a hotel maid's.

Anyhow, my nerves are jangling as I make my way down to the East Wing entrance at 2.30 p.m. sharp. I'm dressed in one of my non-Moldavian dresses, with a Moldavian jacket slung around my shoulders. Nothing like mixing modern styles from different ethnicities. I'm sure that Tatiana will not be choosing a public place for our tete-a-tete.

Then again, I can't be sure.

After all, what do I know about her? I have never even spoken to the woman in my entire life. Everything I know about her has been painted for me in a portrait larger than life. Tatiana has been in turns glamorized, lionized, put on a pedestal and made to look like yesterday's news - all in one sitting. How much of it is true?

A sleek magenta Rolls Royce with darkened windows is waiting for me at the entrance, as promised. So she is punctual. A good thing.

I get into the backseat.

Butterflies invade every part of my anatomy.

Lady Tatiana Natasha Guernberg is seated there, and she gives me an encouraging smile. OK, Fallacy One disposed of. She doesn't have fangs and two horns sticking out of her head. Her hair is as red and vivid as I remember it, and it is augmented by carefully constructed curls that must have taken hours of perming in a salon not unlike the one I went to.

Her clothes are in the color of what designers consider 'nude'. (You see? I'm getting really good at fashion.) The bodice of her dress is embellished with a pearl and mother-of-pearl motif. I'm willing to bet those are real too.

"How are you today?" she asks.

"Good."

I'm extremely conscious of how ordinary I look compared to her. She possesses an old world beauty that harkens back to glamorous movie stars from the last century - like Marlene Dietrich and Grace Kelly. If there's anyone who resembles a real life princess, even though she isn't technically one, it's Tatiana. Her lips are painted scarlet and she doesn't have a hair or thread out of place.

Up close, her skin is flawless. She's breathtaking in every way.

My guts shrivel.

How can I possibly compete with this?

But you have, a joyous inner voice sings. You have and you've won.

This isn't a game, I tell myself sternly. Where matters of the heart are concerned, it is never a game.

But I can't help feeling elated. I mean - I'm nothing special. Just look at me. All I can manage to be is to look fairly attractive in designer clothes. To think that Alex prefers me (momentarily) over this exquisitely beautiful goddess is nothing short of a marvel in itself. And Alex clearly desires me. I can feel it in the c**k pressing against my thigh every morning at dawn when we both wake up together.

"Drive on, Manfred," Tatiana instructs the chauffeur. "And put up the glass, please."

The Rolls Royce revs off smoothly. A glass window slides into place between the front seats and the back, effectively soundproofing us from the driver.

I grip both my fists. My fingernails have been nicely manicured and done up in mauve. Tatiana's fingernails are as scarlet as her lips.

"You must be wondering what I called you out here for," she says pleasantly.

"Yes."

"I wanted to meet you ... in private." Her cool brown eyes are appraising. "You are very attractive."

The underlying tenor suggests 'but not even close to me'.

Maybe I'm reading too much subtext into everything.

"Thank you," I say.

"I can see why he likes you. We are like chalk and cheese, you and I. He must relish the contrast."

"I wouldn't know. He doesn't share his preferences with me when it comes to women."

That is true. Alex doesn't. He doesn't talk much about his women in general.

"Are you pregnant?"

Her blunt question takes me unawares. I don't like what she's implying either - that Alex is with me just because I'm pregnant.

"No!" I protest. I want to add, "How can you even think of asking me something like that?' but it would only take the already charged atmosphere in the car up another notch.

"It's a fair question," she says.

"But not something you'd ask a total stranger," I reply pointedly.

"I do have a stake here."

"But still - "

It is not the best of starts. Tatiana seems to realize this because her next sentence is conciliatory.

She says, "Anyway, I didn't call you out here to have an argument over a man."

I'm a little bolder now. The adrenaline boost was what I needed. "What did you call me out here for, Tatiana?"

"To get to know you. And to let you get to know me. After all, we could be friends in a different life. We are not so dissimilar - you and me. We both love him."

Funny, but before this, I never thought Tatiana would be capable of loving anyone. But I realize that it is my subconscious that was making her a monster. Of course she's capable of loving someone. And who more than Alex, who commands attention in every way?

I study her eyes. Her pupils are wells of deep sincerity.

She nods, and her curls bob. "Oh yes, I do love him. I don't know what you have been led to believe, but I do love him. Just as he has once loved me. You see, I have heard many things about you, Elizabeth. Vile, nasty things. Possibly nastier things than you've heard about me."

A stab of pain shoots through my chest. No one likes to be told bad things about themselves, least of all me. And what she says wears the harsh truth. The press has been nothing short of vindictive in their portrait of me as the penniless gold-digger who is trying to entrap their beloved prince.

It just never occurred to me that someone else would have a less flattering portrait of me than I have of her. I've always seen myself as the poor, oppressed underdog in this - never the villainess.

"But I choose to reserve judgment until I get to know you for myself," she continues.

"And what do you think?" I whisper, my heart thudding.

She smiles mysteriously. "I wouldn't know. It's too soon, and I hardly have begun to skim the surface of getting to know you. Often, the affairs of the heart are not revealed for years ... and sometimes when it's too late."

"I love Alex," I declare. "It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks about me, but it's the truth and nothing but the simple truth."

"Well said. I feel the same way about him as well, and it will be nothing but the plain truth."

So here we are, back at square one. Two adversaries facing off.

What do women do in a case like this?

Simple.

The man chooses.

This fact is obvious in the air between us, and I do not have to mention it to know that Tatiana knows it too.

It occurs to me that the scenery is changing, and we are travelling down a speedway. We whiz past other cars.

"Where are we going?" I say. A perverse thought comes to me - am I being kidnapped?

No, no, banish the thought. This is Moldavia, paean of European culture and sophistication.

Still ...

Tatiana says, "I thought I would show you Nuernberg, my city state. At the end of this trip, I hope to be able to convince you, Elizabeth Turner, to cede your claim over my betrothed, Alexander Vassar - for nothing but the greater good. And yes, that includes the greater good for Alex, the people, me, the rest of the royal family, and especially you."

Chapter Nine

Nuernberg is landlocked. It is a city state where the language is predominantly German. Unlike Moldavia, whose scenery boasts fashionable streets and casinos and tourists and yachts bobbing upon the glittering Mediterranean, Nuernberg is a notch less glamorous. It has more plains which are grazed by cows, more banks and other financial institutions. Its buildings are more Neo-classical and greyer in stone.

It gives the impression of being more serious than the festive Moldavia.

Tatiana says, "In recent decades, we have lost out to Switzerland in banking and finance. The recent collapse of the European economy has also not been kind to us, and we are far more affected than Moldavia."

I see. Alex did warn me that his purported engagement to Tatiana was a political ploy.

It's strange to be discussing the reasons for this proposed marriage so rationally and calmly, when inside, I know I should be fighting tooth and nail to keep my boyfriend.

"It's clear that Nuernberg will benefit from having stronger ties to Moldavia, but how would Moldavia benefit?" I say.

My fingers are squeezing the fabric of my dress.

"The two city-states complement one another. We have the established private banks, which would do Moldavia well to have a firmer grasp on. We have the security companies. We are not going to be the poorer nation forever, and the King is a long-sighted man who sees this. My father is a Duke, and Nuernberg has always been a duchy. I am his only daughter. I would do whatever he asks of me."

"So is it more of duty than love that compels you to marry Alex?"

"It started off that way when we were children. But along the way, we became lovers and friends. To answer your question, I do love Alex." Tatiana's eyes blaze. "I love him enough to put up with all his indiscretions. Make no mistake - what you have with him is nothing more than a notch in his longstanding rebellion against his father. Honestly, he has not grown up emotionally from his teenage years."

I wince.

I want so much to believe that it isn't true, that what Alex and I have is different and real. But I can't help feeling that there is a kernel of truth in what she is telling me.

Her expression grows sadder.

"Believe me. I have seen them come and go. I have endured them. Every affair is a sledgehammer to my chest, every pap photo a needle in my heart. But I will always stay by his side, like a partner who must love and support him despite his faults."

I remain silent.

"Would you have done the same for him?" she asks.

I don't know. I have endured ridicule and scorn. I've had my name globally dragged through the mud. But Alex has never cheated on me, nor do I expect him to.

If he does, will I forgive him?

It is not a possibility I'm ready to contemplate. Alex is my first real serious relationship. I have no reference, no yardstick of measurement.

I find my tongue. "You claim to love Alex, but does he love you? So far, I have only heard one-sided declarations. He has never professed to me that he loves you."

She laughs. It's a short, painful laugh.

"Please ... men will say anything to a woman they currently love. He will make you feel that you are the one and only. But it doesn't last. Not for him. Trust me, he has done that to me as well, and I also believed him then, with stars in my eyes. I am older now, and wiser."

She opens her purse and rifles in it. She takes out a greeting card - yellowed at the edges.

"If you don't believe me, read this for yourself."

I take it. It's a Valentine Day's card. Embossed, grand, with gold trimmings and a heart-shaped decoration in front of it. Inside is Alex's handwriting. The ink is yellowed with age, but the sentences are still unmistakable.

'To Tatiana Natasha,

My one and only true love.

Alex.'

Each written word is a hammer to my heart. I've wanted to believe so much that I am the only woman Alex has ever said those words to, but it clearly isn't the case.

"So you see," Tatiana says, "he doesn't lie, but he doesn't tell you the whole truth either."

"When was this?" I demand. I didn't mean it to come out brusque, but my hurt spools over and manifests itself in my voice.

"Why should that matter?"

"It does matter. People evolve when they grow older. People do have exes."

"Exactly. You too may become an ex. It has happened to me ... in cycles. Again and again."

She takes the Valentine card and carefully puts it back in her purse. I can tell by the way she handles it that she truly treasures it.

She loves Alex. She really, really does.

Tatiana says, "Which brings us to my next topic. I think we are clear here that I would like you to leave Alex for the sake of my country and his. Pedigree-wise, I am far better than you can ever hope to be. I'm sorry to have to lay it out so brutally, but it's the truth and I think you appreciate honesty. I bring sophistication, money, titles and breeding into a marriage. His family loves me, and I will be a very fitting bride to his empire.

"I have lived this life since I was born, so I know how to navigate through it. You are but a babe amongst the wolves. I understand how royalty and politicians think. I know the captains of industry. I am a wonderful hostess. I will be an exemplary royal wife and a Queen our countries will be proud of. I am the wife that Alex needs."

I am listening. The pain is gathering within me, filling my heart to bursting proportions, but I'm listening.

"Additionally, I understand your concerns. I understand that you may not wish to give up the love of your life so easily. I do not wish you to be compromised when you return to Chicago, seeing the notoriety that you've generated. So I'm going to offer you a deal. I understand that your mother is facing financial hardship."

My eyes narrow.

"If you go back to Chicago - first class, all expenses paid - I am willing to offer you three million US dollars. That will set you and your mother back for life. You needn't work a day any longer, unless you wish to."

Her eyes brim with emotion.

"Take it, Elizabeth Turner. Do it for Alex and yourself. This offer may not last forever. If you take it now, you will be three million dollars richer. You are free to start your life again in any way you see fit. But if he dumps you down the line, which he inevitably will because he must bow to royal pressure, you and your mother will have nothing. You will have to go back to America penniless, and with your name besmirched."

Chapter Ten

I wander through the next few days in a daze. I told Tatiana I needed to think about it, of course, and she agreed.

Everything she says is true. She has the class, the pedigree, the money, the breeding to be a Queen.

On paper, I can bring nothing to Alex. I have no money, no honored family name. By being with him, I have only brought him strife with his family and people.

I am no good for him. If I love him, I should leave him.

And I do love him. I love him so very, very much.

Do I love him enough to leave him?

The question ... and decision ... hangs above my head like a proverbial sword.

Alex notices my pensiveness.

"Hey, did you see the papers today?" he says, trying to cheer me up, incorrectly thinking that I'm still affected by bad press. "The tide is turning. Your former employer, Mr. Mango or something ... "

"Mr. Mangorean," I correct him gently.

"Yes, that's the one. He says you have always been an exemplary employee. Always punctual, always meticulous, ready to take one for the team if someone calls in sick."

I smile despite myself. It's nice to know that not everyone thinks I'm a douchebag.

Alex takes my face in his hands and kisses my forehead. "Hey, I'm in this with you, remember? Us against the world?"

I nod, melting into his warmth. I hug his waist in return.

Oh Alex. It doesn't have to be you against the world. You don't have to do this for me.

I think I have already made my decision.

I'm making it because I love Alex more than anything else in my life.

*

I take a deep breath as I dial Tatiana's private number on my cellphone. She picks it up on first ring.

"Elizabeth?"

"I'll leave for Chicago."

There's a palpable relief on the other side of the phone.

"Wise choice. Text me your bank account number. The money will be transferred to you as soon as you touch down in Chicago, you'll have my word. The condition is that you will never attempt to contact Alex again or reciprocate if he attempts to contact you."

"I don't want the money."

There's an astonished silence.

"What did you say?"

"I said I don't want the money."

I pause. Somewhere down the line, someone is going to be repeatedly telling me I'm making a huge mistake. But I don't want tainted money. It isn't right.

"May I ask why? You do understand the terms of the agreement?"

"Yes. I will never contact Alex again or reciprocate if he attempts to contact me."

It has happened before. I remember crying in my bed when he stood outside, pleading with me outside my door. That was his first strike against Tatiana.

I don't hate Tatiana. I don't think she's a bad person. I truly think that she will make Alex a good wife. They are both cut from the same cloth.

I am not from his world.

I see that now.

"And yet you don't want the money?" she says.

"I don't want the money." I've had this rehearsed speech, but it has blown out of the window, and I'm relying on my raw emotions. "I'm doing this ... for him. Because he deserves better than me."

There's a pregnant pause.

"You're a good woman, Elizabeth Turner. I wish we could have met under different circumstances."

We would probably never have met under different circumstances, I don't say.

*

The only thing I am taking from Tatiana is my one-way plane ticket back to Chicago and some cab money.

I am a coward. Rather than to go through challenging explanations and teary goodbyes, I decide to write Alex a note. It is early afternoon and Alex is nicely tucked away at work in one of the many companies he heads.

I've packed only the clothes I came in. I have left everything else I bought here on Alex's expense account in the closets of my guest room. Just like taking money from Tatiana, it wouldn't be right.

I sit down to write the note. My heart is leaden as I move my hand pedantically to scribble the words on the palace notepaper with the embossed Moldavian seal.

... I'm sorry ...

... I have decided to go back home because I can't take the pressure anymore. This is your life, not mine, and I don't think I can live a day longer in such trying circumstances ...

... goodbye. I will always treasure our moments together.

... don't try to contact me. I will not return this time.

That last hurts the most of all. My tears are rolling down my cheeks and dripping off my chin, and I sign the note with a shaky hand. I seal the envelope and write Alex's name on it. Then I put it on his pillow - the pillow on his side of the bed in the guest bedroom that we share. Since we've come home, Alex has not slept a single night away from my side.

I'm doing the right thing, I convince myself for the hundredth time that day.

I dry my tears by scribbling little goodbye notes to the King, Queen and even Claire, thanking for their kindness in having me as a guest. I place these carefully on my desk where they can be picked up by the maid.

I pick my backpack up and head downstairs. Jasper is waiting for me in the hall. He is the only one in the palace I have told of my plans. Needless to say, he approves.

He smiles.

"Ready to go?"

"Yes." I don't feel any animosity towards Jasper. Like everyone else, he's just looking out for the royal family, a family he has come to call his own.

We go into the car. Jasper gets into the front passenger seat. We are in the exact same position as we were when I first arrived - a fitting coda to my sojourn here.

He turns to me. He looks less displeased than I have ever seen him.

"You're not a bad person, Ms. Turner."

"I never was."

"What you're doing is admirable, and I respect that."

"Thank you."

"Under different circumstances ... " he lets it trail.

No, I will him. Don't say that under different circumstances, we could have been friends - because we never will.

Thankfully, he doesn't finish the sentence.

I look back at the palace as the car drives out towards the gates. Its image sears in my mind, forever imprinting itself as a bittersweet memory.

Chapter Eleven

I've checked in and I'm holding my boarding pass in my mouth as I bend over to tie my shoelaces. I'm in the clothes I came in as well - a halter top and jeans. The boarding announcement has just gone up, and the passengers on my flight - to London, and which would subsequently connect to Chicago - are already forming two lines: one for first and business class and the other for coach.

I'm on first class, the only concession I've allowed myself. At least I deserve a good night's rest after all the emotional turmoil I've been through.

"Liz? Liz! Stop!"

I look up, as do the other passengers around me. Alex is running down the terminal passageway, dressed in his suit and tie.

My heart sinks.

I really don't want a scene. The note was bad enough. And what is he doing off work so early anyway? Has someone from the palace alerted him?

Excited chatter buzzes around me as many of the passengers recognize who he is. Alex's physical perfection is unmistakable - the floppy almost shoulder-length hair, the intense blue-green eyes, the marvelous composition of his features against his cheekbones. Several passengers raise their digital cameras and cellphones to snap both Alex and myself. Earlier, none of them recognized me because of what I'm wearing.

It's amazing how much we are defined by what people expect of us.

Alex slows down as he comes up. He's panting slightly as though he has sprinted the past few miles (and maybe he has).

His face is ashen.

"Liz, why?" There's pain in his voice.

I wince. I never planned for this scenario, and so I don't have a rehearsed script. I'm also a naturally honest person. I can't tell bald face lies very well. Sure, I can do it on paper ... but with Alex's beautiful, pleading face with all the hurt in the world etched upon it ... I'd have to be made of stone.

I'm aware that everyone is watching us, snapping photos continuously and listening to every word we say.

I stammer, "It's like I said on my n-note."

"Yes, that note." He sounds positively angry.

"Yes. I-I can't take the pressure anymore." I dart a glance at everyone around us. "I can't stand being in the spotlight anymore. It's too trying on me. I'm having sleepless nights ... "

"Liz, I sleep with you every night. Why the sudden about turn? And why haven't you talked to me about this? If you were having problems coping, you should have just told me - "

He stops short.

"Oh God, this is not you. Someone put you up to this." His eyes snap fire. "Is it my father?"

This is all going so wrong.

"No." I shake my head vehemently. I'm not going to drag anyone into this. "I'm doing this for us. You deserve better than me, Alex. You deserve someone of your stature, and whom your family loves."

"I'll be the judge of who I'm going to be with, thank you very much." His mouth thins. "It's obvious that you have been talking to the wrong people. Don't try to deny it, because I know you, Liz. I know you well enough to know you're doing this because you think it's in my best interests. But let me be the judge of what's in my best interests. Geez, you sound exactly like my father!"

I open my mouth to say something, but nothing comes out.

He's right - every single word of it.

"I'm going to do something in my best interests." He's on a roll - all fire and brimstone and righteous angst.

To everyone's amazement, he gets down on one knee before me.

Yes, I know. My jaw is on the floor like everyone else.

His eyes are burning as he says, "Liz, will you marry me?"

Chapter Twelve

I'm floored.

I'm more than floored. The expectant faces all around me - wearing expressions of delight, surprise and absolute shock, the shock of watching a historical moment in the making - whirl into a murky flotsam.

Oh my God, I think I'm going to faint.

Indeed, the sounds are starting to blend into the pounding of blood in my ears. My vision spins.

No, no, Liz, this is your moment, and you're not going to spend it lying passed out on an airport floor!

I almost can't catch the rest of what Alex is saying. He is still on bended knee, his beautiful face earnest.

He says, "I've spent a lot of time thinking about what I want, and I want us to be together, Liz. You are the one who has stood beside me when everyone was against us. Hell, they are still against us. You are the one I want to be with for the rest of our lives. No one has the right to dictate what we can or cannot do, who we can or cannot love. This is the twenty-first century!

"So before all these witnesses - "

People are filming this with their camcorders and cellphones, knowing this will bring them a goldmine on TMZ.

" - I'm imploring you to marry me. Moldavia needs a modern princess with a heart, not some archaic tradition most of our citizens below thirty have never even heard of. We royals need to flow with the times. We need an upgrade. This is not to say I'm asking you to marry me for political reasons. I'm asking you to marry me because I love you, and I know you love me, and we deserve to be together for the rest of our lives."

He takes a deep breath.

"So what do you say, Liz?"

The air crackles with electricity. There is not a murmur in the house. All faces swing from him to me. Everyone is looking at me, expecting me to say something.

Anything!

What do I want?

Oh, do I even have to ask myself?

I still myself to block out everyone else except Alex.

He is the reason I'm here.

His proposal changes everything. No longer will I have to be afraid that he is going to dump me down the line. Well ... you know what I mean. He can still dump me, but I'm on firmer footing. Anyway, I don't think of Alex that way.

My eyes are brimming with tears as I say in a small voice, "Yes."

The crowd whoops with delight and cheers as Alex gets to his feet to sweep me in a bear hug. I'm crushed in his fervent embrace, but I don't care if all the breath is knocked out of me, because I'm wrapping him in my arms equally as tightly.

It's nice to know that the common people are generally happy for us.

A commotion parts the crowd.

Jasper elbows his way through, flanked by a couple of aides. Uh oh, I think. They're coming to separate us and tell us it can't be done.

"Your highness." Jasper wears the gravest of expressions. "May I have a private moment?"

"Yes, of course."

Jasper glances at me. "Alone, if you please, your highness."

"I've just asked Liz to marry me, Jasper, and she said yes. Anything you say to me can be said to her as well."

Jasper is momentarily stunned. His eyes flit, and then he nods.

"Step this way, please."

My heart beating, I follow Alex and Jasper as the aides usher us to a room.

It is empty. Jasper closes the door.

"Your highness, you may want to sit down."

"Cut the crap, Jasper," Alex says irritably. "I've had a long and very trying day for most part. What is it?"

"Your father, the King, is dead."

All three palace aides are the portrait of utmost solemnity.

I'm speechless.

As is Alex.

Jasper adds, "Long live our new King."

