1

Indonesia.

Land of gathered magical isles. Paradise of sun and surf and shining sea and wooden huts on stilts. Cultural panacea of temples and balmy tropical weather and flowers as big as my torso.

Alex and I are on the beach, soaking ourselves beneath the afternoon sun.

I have never been so relaxed in a long, long time. We totally deserve it. We have toiled long into the week, cutting down trees, gathering logs and coconut fronds to help make the villagers a wooden community hall on stilts - and it was worth every drop of our sweat. I never realized giving back to the community would be so rewarding. In all my life, I never gave anything back. I was too busy surviving.

The little inlet we are on is shielded from the village by a thick cluster of trees - tall slender coconut trees with their large fanlike leaves and the thicker rainforest ones with gnarled roots the size of elephant trunks.

We are completely isolated. We are not in a five-star resort and waited upon by liveried waiters ferrying trays of cocktails and salted peanuts. This is an honest-to-goodness village with real villagers. Beyond the little huts are paddy fields, nourished by irrigation and the toil of bare brown hands.

We have been here for over a month. We've made love frequently, sometimes three times a day, and lived the simple village life. Alex calls it "immersing ourselves in living anthropology". I call it "having a damned good vacation".

I have never been out of the country on vacation before. This is a first. While Alex takes time to "work out what he really wants in life", I immerse myself in the role of loving girlfriend.

"So," I say, fingering his well-muscled forearm and the major vein that snakes across it. "Have you decided if you want to go home?"

Home for Alex is his family's official state palace in Moldovia. Of course, they have an official summer palace as well as a winter palace, not to mention numerous chateaus and mansions around the globe for spring and fall vacations - though I'd honestly die if I had to keep moving for every season.

"If it were up to me, I'd never go home," he says.

His face is turned towards me and he's smiling. I'll never get tired of watching him. He has a countenance you can gaze at forever, with his amazingly vivid jewels of blue-green eyes and the little depression in between his brows - which gives him a 'devil may care' edge.

This is a man you'll have to reckon with, it says, despite his obvious Greek god looks.

I still can't believe he's mine. And I still can't believe I'm here ... with Prince Alexander Vassar, who ran away from home because he didn't want to marry the Lady Tatiana of Nuernberg.

I say, "You'll have to go home sometime. I'll bet the Moldovian tabloids are burning up with speculations on your whereabouts."

They don't know about me, of course.

"It'll be old news soon," he says affably. "They'll always find something else to print."

"Is your father OK with you being here?"

"I don't think so. I mean, it isn't as if I didn't email him about where we are ... it's my responsibility, of course."

He's also Moldovia's heir to the throne, he fails to mention.

"Any word from him?"

"Other than that one terse email three weeks ago which said 'If you don't come back within the week, I'm disinheriting you?' Nah. Radio silence."

To be honest, I'm a little worried about Alex. He's a little outwardly cavalier about the whole thing. He doesn't have normal parents. He doesn't have a normal life. He can't just up and dump all his responsibilities. He will have to pay for this little escapade somewhat. And because I love him, I don't want anything bad to happen to him.

Yes, I'm aware I said the 'L' word.

Not to his face though.

I haven't told him. I haven't dredged up the guts to tell him yet. Maybe I'll email him one day and maintain radio silence until he digests it.

He watches my fingers trailing a path down his forearm, and he suddenly grabs my hand with a lightning quick movement.

I'm caught.

He smiles as he rolls on top of me. I'm now lying on my back upon the soft, white sand. His weight presses down on my bikini-clad body. He smells of sweat and sea salt upon the tropical breeze.

"God, you're beautiful, Elizabeth Turner."

"You're likewise, Prince Alexander Vassar."

"Cut the prince crap," he growls.

He dips down his head to kiss me. His shoulder-length hair falls to the front, fanning his face. I kiss him back - slow, searching, loving, languorous. I love the feel of his silky lips on mine, and the feel of his equally silky hair on my fingers.

Our kisses become more heated, and our tongues probe each other's mouths. His hands move from my bare midriff to my covered br**sts, caressing the hardened ni**les underneath.

"Too much clothing," he murmurs.

With a sharp tug on the string that joins both bikini cups, he pulls my top off.

I gasp.

"Why, Mr. Vassar, that was my only bikini top."

"Then you'll have to go around naked on the beach for the rest of our time here."

A delicious thrill courses through me.

He lowers his head to my right breast and takes my nipple in his mouth. The warm sucking sensation immediately engulfs me - slithering, wet, anemone-like and sweet. His sly tongue curls around my tip, and I moan in pleasure. His tongue makes oscillatory circles around the bud, pressing against my areola in a sweeping, insistent arc.

Ohhhh. I will never tire of this refrain.

His mouth swallows more of my nipple, until the edges of his lips are completely covering my areolas. He begins his intense sucking again. His tongue dances around my little snowcap again - fluttery butterfly wing type dalliances. Exquisite, melting sensations flow into my nipple, buoyed by my circulation. My nipple is rapidly becoming a peak.

My hands grip his hair, his shoulders and the smooth muscled flesh of his back.

Shadows fall upon us as the sun winks behind a cloud bank. The temperature cools a bit - blessedly, because it's getting scorching hot out here.

Meanwhile, his hands are not idle. They traverse down my sides and belly - down down down to my bikini bottom, where they stop at my waistband. His fingers and thumb dig into that waistband and slyly slip the spandex off my hipbones.

He pauses in his savagery of my nipple long enough to say, "Let's get this off, shall we?"

"You're wearing way too much clothing as well," I tease.

"That can be easily rectified."

He tears my bikini bottom off in a long, sweeping motion and worries it off my legs. Then he hikes his own swimming trunks down. His c**k is stone hard and ready and pointing towards me like a suggestive finger.

Oh my.

He parts my legs.

"Take me," I beg, my fingers clawing the soft sand. Motes of sand also squirrel into my butt cleft as I open my thighs.

"Not so soon."

He scoots his body down even further and lowers his head to my moist pubis. I am already extremely wet. As his hot tongue slathers my clit and pu**y folds, I let out a little squeal of ecstasy. He takes this as a signal to torment me further. Holding down my open thighs with his strong hands, he buries his tongue into my clefts.

"Ohhhhh," I moan, clutching at his hair.

His tongue goes deep into my hidden valleys. To ensure that he massages every recess, his fingers prize my labia open so that my entire pu**y is bared to him like a naked flower. He licks and licks at my open sex, concentrating especially on that nub of exploding sensory overload - my poor, overstimulated clit.

I trash my head from side to side, reveling in the exquisite delights of his clever, clever tongue. When his teeth gently take my clit between them, I feel as if I would implode.

"I want you," I gasp. "Please, I want you inside me."

To satisfy me, at least partially, he inserts two fingers into my leaking mess of a vaginal hole. Ahhhhhhh. My pelvic muscles involuntarily clench around his fingers, squeezing them. With those two fingers inside me, he continues his oral assault of my glistening sex. Lick, suck, taste, swirl - it's as if my entire sensory focus is whittled down to that cornucopia of wet movements. This is coupled with his insistent probing fingers in my most private of passages.

Which is now shared and bared to him.

When I think that I'm about to combust with all the erotic pleasure he's giving me, he stops. His lips are smeared with my juices, as though they are layered with milk.

"Let's try something new," he murmurs. "Don't move."

He gets up and rearranges himself above me so that his hips hover over my face and his head is above my sex. His c**k is a spear aiming right for my mouth.

"You ready for this, Liz?"

"Yes." My voice is breathy and hoarse.

He lowers his penis into my open mouth. I accept his ramrod flesh eagerly. It fills my whole mouth, crowding everything within it. The taste of his flesh is slightly salty and I lap at it with relish, feeling the corded veins that snake along its length upon my tongue. Its head encroaches onto my throat, and he's not even half in - not by any semblance of distance.

At the same time, he dips his head to my pu**y again and resumes his oral loving. We are now joined to each other at two ends - an alpha and omega of flowing carnal delights. The air is rife with the sounds of licking and sucking. His hips move back and forth, easing his c**k slowly in and out of my mouth. I close my cheeks around his stiff flesh to afford him greater friction.

I think I can come this way.

His fingers worm into my hole again - moist, sticky, messy, sweet. Two ... no, three. He's filling me with the fingers on one hand, and simultaneously teasing and massaging my clit and sex lips with the other.

I squirm and moan against his cock. From the way I'm creaming, I think I'm going to come.

Oh take me, Alex. Take me. I need need need you so badly inside me.

We are so concentrated on achieving our respective climaxes orally that we fail to register the tread of footsteps behind the trees.

"Pak!" hisses a voice.

I freeze, Alex's c**k still in my mouth.

"Oh shit." Alex scurries off me, his luscious rod whipping out of my mouth.

We both quickly scramble to put our clothes back on - not that we had much to put on in the first place.

"Pak, it is very important!" I recognize the voice of our interpreter, Joti. Pak is the local word for 'sir'.

Alex checks to see if I'm decent. I'm still stringing on my bikini top over my wet ni**les when Joti steps through the trees. The diminutive man almost backpedals as he sees me, but the fright on his face makes him stand his ground.

"What can I do for you, Joti?" Alex says without a trace of irritation at being interrupted on our afternoon off. He's like that with all the locals. Polite, generous and respectful.

Joti licks his brown lips. "Sir, there was a phone call ... from your mother. It's your father. He had a heart attack."

2

We are in a plane back to Moldovia. The only seats we could get were economy, so we are seated at the back of the plane by the window. No private jet with the Moldovian state crest for us here - it would take too long to fly it out and we are in a dreadful hurry.

No one knows who Alex is, of course, as he is rarely one to throw his weight around. He prefers to "blend in with the crowd" - as if a man who looks the way he does can possibly blend in with any crowd. We resemble two suntanned backpackers with our disheveled hair and worn clothes.

Alex is all thumbs, which is unlike him. When he almost spills his coffee for the umpteenth time, I take the plastic cup away from him.

"Talk to me, please," I say. "What is it?"

He takes a deep breath. He is seated by the aisle and his hand grips the metal armrest.

"I'm wondering if his heart attack is because of me ... because of what I did."

A mental image of the robust statesman I had seen in the grand ballroom of the hotel I worked in sits in my mind's eye. I imagine him weak and frail upon a hospital bed, hooked up to electrodes and wires and catheters. My stomach does a queasy turn.

"Alex, you can't blame yourself for that."

"But what if it is? What if he worked himself into a state with worry and it finally tipped him over the edge?"

I take hold of his knotted fist. "You can't allow yourself to think of what might or might not have been."

He refuses to meet my eyes. His brow is creased and his head is bent, as though he is deep in thought. He has adopted this pose since we boarded the plane - six hours ago.

"I don't know," he says in a low voice. He shakes his head slowly. "I just don't know anymore. I thought I had all the answers, but maybe I don't. Maybe my father was right about me."

It physically pains me to see him torturing himself like this. "What did he say?"

"He said I was a good-for-nothing who would never amount to anything much. He said that if I was half the person my sister was, Moldovia would have a far worthier heir to its throne."

"Oh Alex, he doesn't mean that. Sometimes parents say things they don't mean. My mother does it all the time - wear her emotions on her sleeve. And she's right sorry afterwards."

"No. My father pretty much means everything he says."

I keep silent. Alex may be right. His parents are like no parents I have ever known, and I can't even begin to fathom what it is like growing up in a royal family.

The stewardess comes over and smiles brightly at Alex. "Would you like me to clear your tray?"

Alex has barely touched his food - beef strips with wild rice and soggy vegetables. I can't say I blame him. The food is pretty awful.

"Yes, please," he says.

He doesn't notice that she hasn't taken her eyes off him. I suppose I've got to get used to having a boyfriend who draws admiring stares wherever he goes.

I ask, "Has your father ever had heart disease?"

"No."

"Then you couldn't have known."

He leans his seat back as far as it would go, which isn't much. "Do you believe in karma, Liz?"

"I don't know. I'm not religious, if that's what you're asking."

"Not religion, but karma. What goes around comes around. I'm getting punished for what I did, and someone else I love is paying the price." His voice cracks a little at the end. "Despite everything, I love my father, Liz. I love my family. We don't always see eye to eye. Hell, we certainly don't - " he gives a short, humorless laugh, "but I love them nonetheless. And because I walked away from them, bad things happen to them."

Tears fill my eyes. His expression is so anguished and torn that I cannot reconcile the happy, relaxed man I've made love to and spent a glorious month with to this shadow of a person. I can only grip his white knuckled fist as the plane heads west into the murky unknown.

*

When we disembark in Moldovia, whose capital is also called Moldovia, being the city state that it is, several officious aides in dark suits are waiting for us at the gate. They wear ear and mouthpieces like Secret Service agents in movies I have watched.

"Your highness," says one, stepping forward.

Passengers all around us turn to stare. Thank goodness we were among the last to disembark, being seated at the tail end of the aircraft, or there would be more people stopping in their tracks.

"Please," Alex says, looking embarrassed, "let's go quietly and not make a fuss."

An aide reaches for my backpack. "If you would allow me, Miss."

"No thanks," I say, "I can carry my own."

"As will I," Alex says.

Seemingly ill at ease, the aides fall behind us as we walk ahead with our gigantic backpacks strapped behind our backs. I make to follow the other passengers down the travelator towards the Baggage claims and Customs, but Alex stops me.

"This way will be faster." He indicates a sign that says 'VIP'.

This is the first inkling I have that things are not going to be normal for either of us in this country.

When we speedily clear customs ("Welcome back, your highness, good to see you again") and exit the airport, a multitude of reporters and paparazzi are waiting for us. There are TV crews and Internet crews and the shutter clicks and flashes of multiple cameras going off at once. I recognize the logos of a dozen different crews - CNN, Al-Jazeera. Oh my God. So the press coverage is not confined to Moldovia.

The police have set up barricades everywhere, clearly demarcating the lines between the common people and our entourage. Alex has his arm firmly linked through mine, as though he is afraid I would go astray. Although the aides flank us, shielding us somewhat, the paparazzi still click away furiously. If it wasn't daylight, I would be blinded by their flashes.

Most of the questions from the reporters are hurled in French, but there is a smattering of English ones that I can understand.

"Your highness, where were you the past month? Speculations have been that you were holidaying in Bali."

"Would that be a spa you were in, your highness? Because you had a mental breakdown?"

"Your highness, your father is extremely ill. Why did you stay away for so long? Do you think you contributed to your father's sudden attack?"

My heart is knocking against my ribcage. Oh no, I think.

"Speculations are that you ran away after the announcement of your engagement, your highness. The people are dubbing you 'The Runaway Prince'. Don't you think that is a little irresponsible to your people?"

With each question, I sink deeper and deeper into my sneakers.

"Your highness, is the woman with you your new girlfriend? Is she the reason why you are refusing to marry the Lady Tatiana?"

How does Alex stand it?

It occurs to me that I'm in this for real. Standing by Alex in his hour of need means that I'll be exposed to his lifestyle and this constant barrage of press. And they are certainly far from being deferential, royalty or not.

What have I gotten myself into?

3

The drive to the hospital is fraught with tension. We are seated at the back of a black Mercedes, an official state car, and we are heading directly for the Royal State Hospital of Moldovia.

Despite the somber mood in the car, I can't help but peer out of the darkened windows. The streets of Moldovia are festive and filled with interesting stores, and the facades of the buildings are medieval French, like what you get during the Renaissance period - or at least, that's what the postcards tell me. The Moldovians who throng the sidewalks are well-dressed, and the entire city has a French Riviera vacation-like atmosphere.

The shining Mediterranean Sea peeks through the buildings, and I can see the spread of the valley below and the yachts and tall boats bobbing in the water. Truly, it's a sophisticated playground for the rich and famous.

Alex is pensive and quiet. I clasp his hand, and he clasps mine back, seeking comfort.

The aide in the front passenger seat turns. He's a blond man with thinning hair and a high forehead. He wears shades, and coupled with the earpiece, he resembles a villainous agent from 'The Matrix'.

"Your highness, since you have been away, I should warn you about recent events at the palace. Your father is in critical care at the coronary unit and your mother refuses to leave his side. Your sisters have been called home. The European press is having a field day speculating the reasons for your absence. The Lady Tatiana is furious, and the principality of Nuernberg has boycotted all Moldovian made products. There has been talk of war, though that is more tabloid speculation than fact."

Alex's mouth thins into a straight line.

"I merely took time away from my official duties, Mr. Jasper. I have every right to take a vacation."

"That is the official palace line, your highness, but it doesn't stop the speculations."

"The press can speculate anything they like. Tatiana knows I was never in favor of this betrothal and yet she pushed her way through, getting her father to seek my father's alliance without my consent."

"Nuernberg is a very rich principality, your highness, and they are backed by Austria and Germany. Perhaps it is not wise to flaunt the reason for your refusal of Tatiana's hand in marriage so openly in front of the press." Mr. Jasper looks pointedly at me.

"Her name is Elizabeth Turner, Mr. Jasper. You will address her as such."

"Yes, it is," I squeak, eliciting a glare of disapproval from Mr. Jasper.

"There are other considerations, your highness, as you surely must know. I would prefer that Ms. Turner waits in the car with me while you visit your father at the hospital."

"These are not the middle ages anymore, Mr. Jasper, and I have every right to refuse an arranged marriage. I warned my father about publicly announcing it, and he went ahead with it anyway. He thought he would cow me into going in line with an official announcement."

"I would suggest you do not bring it up with him and your mother at the present. He has suffered much as it is."

This pounds the nail back into Alex's guilt coffin.

Oh, I had no idea it was all so complicated. If I had known, I would have suggested that I return to Chicago and he come alone to Moldovia. But that would mean leaving him in a lurch at his neediest hour, and I would never do that. Unless I'm complicating his life further by being here.

Alex senses my discomfort.

"I might be quite a while at the hospital," he suggests, "so would you be OK if I get Jasper to accompany you back to the palace? I'll be home as soon as I can. It's not that I don't want to show you off, but there will be paparazzi outside the hospital and my father is ... well ... "

"Say no more. I'll be OK with Jasper."

"Excellent choice," Jasper says smoothly.

I decide he is a bit of a prick.

We draw up at the hospital. The press, as Alex predicts, are already thronging the gates, and the police have set up a clear path so that vehicles going towards the hospital are not impeded. It's a media circus out there. I had no idea it would be this bad.

We drop Alex off at a secluded entrance deep inside the grounds. Several aides and doctors in white coats are waiting for him.

"I'll be back," Alex says, kissing me.

"Don't worry about me, take your time."

He exits the car with a lingering look upon my face. A surge of love bubbles forth from my stomach, but I quell it before it can bring tears into my eyes.

Nothing will ever be the same for either of us again. I just know it.

*

Jasper accompanies me to the royal palace. I decide to make conversation with him, despite disliking him intensely. It's just one of those things. Sometimes, you click with a person immediately. Well ... this is not one of those times.

"Is Jasper your first name?" I say.

"It's my surname. My first name is Conrad. I prefer to be called Jasper, however."

"OK, Jasper."

He turns to me, and his expression is rather lofty, as though he considers me far beneath his station.

"And what do you do back home, Ms. Elizabeth Turner?"

"Liz will be fine. I go to college."

"Indeed. What courses are you taking?"

"Psychology."

Jasper does not seem impressed. "How did you meet Prince Alexander?"

I really don't want to go into that, but I'm too polite to say "None of your business" to Jasper. And I'm not really sure, where royals are concerned, if romances and flings are supposed to be the business of people like him.

I'm still not fully certain where I stand where Alex is concerned. Am I considered a girlfriend? We've traveled together and made love plenty of times, but he has never asked me officially to be his girlfriend. Or maybe I've been so out of touch with the romantic world that the times where people 'officially' declare themselves boyfriend and girlfriend are over.

And we have never said we loved each other. I'm not sure if you're supposed to declare these things either.

I say to Jasper, "We met in Chicago."

"Exactly where? It is my business to know, Ms. Turner, lest the press finds out. There's nothing worse for the palace than not being equipped with enough information to do damage control."

I'm in a conundrum. So much of what happened between me and Alex should remain secret. Especially our first encounter in the men's restroom of the hotel I work in.

"I moonlight as a maid," I say reluctantly.

Then - for Alex's sake - in bits and pieces, I tell Jasper about how we met. He wants to know details. I hold back as much as I can. When I finish, Jasper seems none too pleased.

"A maid," he says, as if it's a dirty word. "You're a hotel maid."

"Correction, I'm a college student moonlighting as a maid to pay my fees. It's no different from waiting tables at McDonald's." Why am I being defensive anyway? There's nothing wrong in being a maid. Absolutely nothing wrong at all.

"Where you come from, Ms. Turner, perhaps there is no difference. But where the tabloids are concerned, Alexander and his family will not live this down if your relationship were to, let's just say, progress to another level."

My heart is beating fast. "What are you saying?"

Jasper removes his sunglasses. He has cold blue and very brittle eyes, as icy as a glacier.

"I'm saying, Ms. Turner, that it will be best for Prince Alexander and the Vassar family that you simply take the next flight home to Chicago and forget any of this ever happened."

*

No.

I won't do it.

No one has a right to tell me and Alex what we can or cannot do.

I'm now beginning to experience a little of what Alex is going through. Everything is couched in officious language - "good for the family", "the people expect you to". I'm starting to understand the seeds of rebellion within Alex and why he's so determined to go against his father's wishes in choosing him a bride.

I spend the rest of the ride not speaking to Jasper. I'm right. He's an arrogant, pompous prick.

The royal palace is situated on the top of a hill. As the car winds up the slopes, I take in the breathtaking view of sea and valley. The cityscape of Moldovia is a stunning, shimmering fairyland of spires and roofs - each a different dazzling color in the morning sun. The climate is winningly Mediterranean - dry and balmy in the summer with a kiss of cool air from the sea.

As we approach the main gates, I can see - from a distance - the tourist buses and the colorful shirts of people gathering to snap digital photos of the guards.

Oh God. I wonder for the umpteenth time, how does Alex stand it?

We don't make for the main gates. The chauffeur takes a detour up a narrower road, which in turn is barricaded by a guard house and rails. The liveried stone-faced guards nod at the Jasper as we go past the check point. I suppose this is a private entrance used by the people who actually live in the palace.

We draw up to the main palace, which comprises of four majestic wings. I am aware that I am not approaching it from the front. The grounds are impeccably kept in the style of Versailles, with well-trimmed hedges and shrubbery in all colors and formations. Fountains decked with statues of nymphs tinkle as centerpieces in the midst of plazas.

I can take forever to explore this place if it weren't so forbidding.

At the east doors, a butler is waiting for us. I step out of the car, aware that I'm wearing a halter top and dirty jeans, and I smell like something the horses from the sentry posts dragged in. The chauffeur hands the butler my backpack, and he takes it with the distaste of someone forced to shovel horse manure. I think I'm going to like the people here.

"If you would please follow me, Ms. Turner," the butler says with a clipped French accent, "I will show you to your room."

Oh? I suppose it would be too much to hope to be able to sleep in the same room as Alex. I also suppose Jasper has called in to brief the butler all about Prince Alex's white trash American girlfriend whom they are hoping he'd dump before the day is up.

The East Wing of the palace is resplendent with luxurious gilded furniture which must date back to the Renaissance and pieces of art which would have probably fetched a princely sum at Sotheby's. A grand staircase sweeps upstairs, and it is on these richly carpeted steps that I tread with trepidation.

The butler shows me to my guest room at the end of a passageway. A large canopied bed occupies one wall, decorated with fluffy white pillows and a red and gold bedspread that must have taken a year to embroider, so fine is the threading on its ornate design. My feet sink into the plush cream carpet. Two long double windows peer into the gardens.

I'm used to cleaning rooms like these, not inhabiting them.

"I have taken the liberty to draw you a bath, Ms. Turner," the butler says pointedly.

He leaves, closing the door behind him.

All the strength drains from my legs and I find myself having to sit down upon the bed. I'm an unwelcome and unwanted guest by seemingly everyone in this palace.

How am I going to deal with this?

4

I soak myself for a long, long time in the bath the butler has drawn for me. As much as he appears to dislike me, he seems to have done a good job. Rose petals float in the scented water, which has the gravity of soothing bath salts. If the idea is to make me leave as quickly as possible, he's sure doing piss poor work out of it.

I'm actually jetlagged, and I must have drifted off in the warm bath, dreaming of gilded carriages which turn back into pumpkins. I am awoken by strong hands upon my arms and the sight of a beautiful naked man stepping into the water.

"Alex!" I cry. And then, "Oh oh oh, look at my pruny fingers!"

Indeed, the pulps of my fingers have been soaked to a wrinkly mess and the bathwater is now at room temperature. How long have I been here?

Alex's eyes are bloodshot and strained, but he still manages a heavenly smile.

"God, I could sleep for a decade," he says. He arranges his limbs alongside mine and sinks into the water.

"I'll run you a hot one," I offer, reaching for the golden taps.

"Don't bother. I won't be long anyway."

"I'll bathe you."

He laughs. "Now that is a proposition too tempting to refuse."

He tips his head back as I start to soap him. The soaps the palace provides are shaped in seashells - each one a varied and delicate carving. They are almost too pretty to use, though not as pretty as the man I'm using them on.

I begin with Alex's neck. Then I slide down the graceful lines of his throat to his sternum and collarbones, leaving a trail of frothy bubbles in my wake. I rub my slippery palms against his chest - his smooth, bulging pectorals, so silken to touch. My fingers and thumbs form pincers to tease his ni**les, which soon swell into erection.

"Hey, you're supposed to let me relax, not get me aroused," he says playfully.

I tweak his ni**les.

"Ow!" He laughs and bats my hands off.

"What happened?"

The mood grows more somber. He sighs.

"My father's stabilized ... for now. But he's still far from being out of the woods."

"And your mother? Is she all right?"

"Barely. She blames me for my father's condition, as I predicted." He shakes his head. "Everyone blames me."

"Oh Alex." A pang fleets through my chest. But we'd both suspected as much, so it isn't anything new. "What do they want you to do?"

"I don't know. They're tiptoeing around my father now, trying not to create a scene or upset him too much in any way. His heart is very fragile. He's just come out of a three-hour open bypass."

"God, that sounds awful."

"I haven't told them much about you but I'll bet that weasel, Jasper, would brief them soon enough."

"Who is Jasper exactly?"

"My father's most trusted aide. He's got some fancy title ... royal chamberlain or something, but really, he's just a personal assistant."

"I didn't know kings had personal assistants."

"My father is the CEO of the Moldovian state and he runs it like a company. It has served the principality well for over forty years and turned us into one of the richest countries in the world in GDP per capita."

I'll bet Nuernberg is run as a pretty tight ship as well.

To lighten the mood, I run my soapy hands down his abs - his marvelously sculpted abs, all eight sections of them. They are rock hard, thanks to the hours of gym time he has put in. Alex smiles at me and grabs my hands.

"You're going to turn me on."

"I thought you'd be too worried about your father to be turned on."

"I'm worried all right, but I'm still a regular guy."

"I'm just going to bathe you as I promised, nothing more."

"Make sure you keep your word," he says, still smiling.

I can tell there's a lot going on behind his weary and black ringed eyes, but I sense he also needs comfort. So I massage his abdomen in circular motions - clockwise, and then counterclockwise. And all this while he sinks deeper and deeper into the water so that its surface is up to his neck. His eyes close. The bathroom air is redolent with the scent of roses.

I can't help reaching for this cock.

It's soft, but as I caress it, life begins to stir within its shaft. Alex's eyes are still closed and he seems to have drowsed off. But there's an apparent disconnect between his consciousness and his penis, because his shaft becomes semi-hard under my ministrations, and then harder ... and harder. It rises in the water like a lever, and I grip it. It feels deliciously full.

My own loins stir, and a sliver of deep desire courses through me. My vaginal passage, despite being doused in bathwater, feels hollow and wanting.

A tug and a couple more strokes, and his c**k is now at full mast. Its head is just below the surface of the water - a fraction too deep for me to suck.

I have a better idea.

Taking care not to disturb him (well, not too much anyway), I raise my hips. Rivers of water snake down my thighs and splash back into the bathtub. I lower my hips again onto his erect cock. His thick, warm flesh slides into my sex inch by glorious inch, sending off wild tendrils of pleasure throughout my groin. His girth crowds my passage, pushing my walls apart.

Ohhhhh.

This is where he's meant to be. I can envision being joined like this to him forever.

I lower myself onto him as far as he can go - his head at the hungry mouth of my cervix. Even then, there's a spare good inch of him outside. He's still unresponsive - neck up, that is. His head lolls back against the porcelain and his lips are slightly ajar in the semblance of deep slumber. He could always fall asleep at the wink of an eyelash - an ability I have always envied. Back in our little hut in the Sumatran island of Indonesia, I would still be awake, listening to the cicadas and the night birds, and he would be fast asleep - his breathing slow and measured in the darkness.

I stay on top of him for a long, long while, luxuriating in the silky feel of him. He grows harder inside me, if possible.

I begin to move slowly - up and down movements along the length of his cock. The friction of my flesh against his is delicious. Curls of exquisite erotic sensation blossom in my core and dissipate everywhere else. A particularly thrilling spume zaps right up my spine, causing my throat to gasp.

Alex shifts and turns his head restlessly.

Uh oh. I halt my rocking immediately and wait for him to settle again. Don't wake the tired darling. After a while, he sighs and lays his handsome head down.

It feels too good not to continue, and so I start up my surreptitious rocking again. Up, down. I wriggle my hips so that they rotate upon his spear. My movements cause the surface of the water to splosh a little over the edge.

Ooops.

Alex stirs again and murmurs something under his breath. I lean my head over to kiss him on the lips. My hardened ni**les prod his chest.

I resume my pumping, taking care not to disturb the water level too much. My body aches for more vigor, and so I involuntarily increase my rhythm. I want him so much. It's been days since we last had intercourse - days we had to spend traveling by jeep out of the Sumatran rainforest and to the tiny airport that would connect us to Jakarta for the first flight out of Indonesia.

I manage to establish a firm vertical trajectory that causes his penis head to strike my G-spot repeatedly and satisfyingly. Well ... much, much more than a mere 'satisfying' rating because the pressure starts to build again. I find myself moaning as the spools of pleasure begin to unravel within my nerve bundles.

I accelerate my pumping, letting his c**k rub into my G-spot even more fiercely.

This time, he wakes up.

"Mmmmm," he says, slowly opening his eyes.

He's startled when he sees me impaled on top of him.

"Hey." He grins. His breathing immediately grows more ragged. "Whatever happened to letting me sleep?"

"I couldn't resist."

My voice is strangled because I'm very close to coming.

He grasps my waist with his hands to urge me on further. I bounce upon his hips, alternating my vertical plane with back-forth rocking and oscillatory maneuvers. His c**k rubs and rubs against my walls so that I'm a squirming, quivering mess of helplessness when the pleasure overtakes me.

I throw back my head and let out a harsh cry as starbursts explode in my brain. I arch my back, and I can feel him steadying my hips as I come and come and trash my body and come again and utter unintelligible noises and splash the water all around us so that it slops onto the tiles.

He allows himself to come after my orgasm has subsided, and I can feel the trickle of his warm sperm - wetness against wetness - in the already flooded tunnel of my pu**y.

Ohhh, but he feels soooooo good.

"Oh God," he whispers, "you are so beautiful, Liz, so beautiful. Thank you, I needed that so much."

I slump against him, my cheek to his wet neck. He smells of soap and water and freshness. His hands slide down my back and his lips nuzzle my wet hair.

"Now let's really fall asleep before I get tempted to f**k you again," he says.

I laugh throatily. With Alex by my side, I feel like I can face anything.

A good thing too, because with the events that happen after this blissful morning, I'm going to need all the strength I can get.

5

We are sleeping entwined with each other in my canopied bed, completely naked, when a sharp rap comes on my door. The rapping goes on insistently until I transcend my tranquil state of semi-slumber into being wide and fully awake.

For a moment, I can't recall where I am. Then the door opens.

I scream, realizing that I'm naked.

Alex sits up and pulls the covers over both our bodies.

"What the hell are you doing?" he demands as Jasper pokes his head in.

"Ah, there you are, your highness. I've been searching everywhere for you." Jasper's tone is smooth, dulcet, and totally unapologetic. "Your mother, the Queen, has returned from the hospital and requested your presence for dinner. The two of you," he adds significantly.

Dinner? With the Queen? What time is it?

With a start, I notice that the sky outside has darkened considerably.

Oh my God, I'm going to have dinner with the Queen, and I have nothing to wear. I have nothing to say to her. I'm totally unprepared!

"We'll be down in an hour, Jasper," Alex says.

"Thirty minutes is preferable, your highness." Jasper vanishes. The door shuts with a snap.

Prick.

"Shit," Alex says, getting up.

"What do I do?" I say, panicking.

He sizes me up and down. "We get you something to wear."

*

Getting me something to wear within a half hour is goddamned difficult because most of my clothes are completely unsuitable for meeting royalty - that is, proper royalty with all its pomp and splendor, not the beach hut affairs I'm more used to with Alex. I have only one gown - the one that Alex gave me - which is presentable, but I'd left it back home in my sublet apartment in Chicago.

"Don't worry," Alex says, "I'll get you my sister's clothes."

"Is your mother really particular about dressing up?"

He hesitates, not wanting to scare me. "A little. But it's not as if you have to wear a ball gown or anything. This is a private family dinner."

"What do you wear during your private family dinners?" My heart sinks. Alex's family is anything but normal.

"Something a little more formal than jeans and a T-shirt, but not to the extent of a dinner jacket."

That's helpful.

"What do the women wear?"

He's getting into his jeans and T-shirt. "Um ... I'll have to ask Hannah."

"Who's Hannah?"

"My mother's PA. But she doesn't live here and we don't have much time. Tell you what? Follow me and we'll raid my sister's closet."

Dressing hurriedly in a clean halter top and shorts, I pad after Alex. He leads me down a maze of richly decorated corridors with more antiques and bric-bracs than I have ever seen in my entire life. We head out of the East Wing and into another adjacent wing where the royals live.

We arrive at a pair of closed double oak doors. Without knocking, Alex pushes them open.

"Would she mind?" I say worriedly.

"What she won't know won't kill her. This is my younger sister Marie's room, and she's got more clothes than a Chinese departmental store."

Marie is the sister who is in Yale. Somehow, I don't think the analogy is apt. Marie Vassar's clothes are more likely to be haute couture from the best French designers money can buy. Even her room is humungous, consisting of a living room with tasteful ornate furniture and an open door leading to a bedroom. I catch a glimpse of the canopied bed with gold tassels within.

"Wait till you see her closet," Alex says, striding into the bedroom and flinging open a door that leads to a huge walk-in closet. "And don't worry. She was here this morning but she had to take a flight back to America for her exams. So she won't be walking in on us anytime soon."

That's right. She has exams. As do I, if I hadn't run out on college to be with Alex.

I walk into the walk-in closet ... and stop.

I'm speechless. Rows and rows of cedar wood closets line the walls. Alex opens one, and everything is color coordinated inside - yellows next to oranges. Marie has dozens and dozens of dresses, gowns, suits, everything ... and those are in that one closet alone!

"It gets better." He grins as he opens the closet beside it. The reds jump out in stark contrast. "She follows the rainbow spectrum and everything in between. My sister is a hoarder of the worst kind."

I whirl around, unable to take it all in. How many pieces of clothes are in here? Hundreds? Thousands? How can one woman have so many clothes?

Alex presses a button, and a motorized sound is emitted. The closets in front slide left and the one beside it takes its place. Everything else seems to rotate like a conveyer belt of closets, revealing the ones which were previously behind. I see shoes, hatboxes, winter coats and furs, stacks and stacks of other boxes which may or may not contain lingerie and belts.

I'm still too dazzled to say anything.

He takes pity on me.

"OK, if you can't choose and seeing as we are in a rush, I'll choose one for you."

He picks out an outfit from the yellow rack and hands it to me. My hands are trembling slightly as I take it. The material is cotton of the softest handspun variety.

He says, "This looks like something she would wear for dinner. I'll let you dress. I'll be back soon, I just have to throw on something more decent."

I find my tongue. "Are you going to leave me alone here?"

The prospect frightens me. Somehow, I feel like a thief in someone else's room. What if Jasper finds me here? Or the Queen? Would they call palace security?

"My room is just down the corner," Alex assures me. "I'll back in a jiffy."

He throws me a kiss and rushes off.

I get it. We are on a deadline here.

I dress hurriedly. It's a long-sleeved yellow dress with a boat-shaped neckline. Its variegated hem - of intertwining leaves and flowers - falls modestly to my knees, and there's a little embellished yellow flower on one side of it, just below the neckline.

Alex has forgotten to select matching shoes for me, and so I reach for a yellow pair of pumps.

Everything surprisingly fits me to a tee. I'm fully aware I'm wearing a princess's clothes. I pick up an enameled brush with the portrait of a beautiful woman's face on its back, and comb my hair in the standing mirror at one corner. I have no makeup on, but I see a tube of lipstick on the vanity table and I quickly apply it.

Great. Not only am I wearing Alex's sister's clothes, but I'm borrowing her brush and makeup as well. If she ever does find out, some seriously royal shit is going to hit the fan.

Alex comes in again. His long unruly hair is tidied up somewhat, and he has put on a white dinner jacket over a clean shirt.

So much for not requiring dinner jackets.

"Come on," he says, "I'm starving."

I'm too frazzled to be hungry.

We rush down another grand staircase, passing oil portraits of somber people wearing tiaras, crowns and state sashes. I reckon these are Alex's ancestors. We breeze into a dining room where two people are already seated - one at the head of the table and the other by her side.

My stomach contracts.

What do I say to a Queen? Do I curtsey? Alex has not prepared me at all for protocol. My only brush with royalty (aside from Alex, of course, and Alex is so normal and down-to-earth that I find it hard to think of him as royalty) was with Alex's father, the King, and I was too busy serving canapes to all the guests to remember any protocol aside from being required to blend skillfully into the wallpaper.

Alex senses my discomfiture.

"Relax," he says in a low voice, "just a handshake would do."

But I'm a commoner, I want to say.

I find myself being shepherded to the table. My eyes are riveted upon the extremely beautiful dark-haired woman at the head of the table. I can totally see Alex's features on her. She's clad in a lilac woolen jacket and matching skirt, and her round buttons are gold.

She does not get up as we approach.

"Mother," says Alex, leaning over to give her a kiss on the cheek.

"Good of you to join us, Alexander," she clips in an American accent. I remember that Alex's mother is an American heiress to one of the largest fortunes in the world.

"Well, we were suffering from jetlag. And this is Elizabeth, my girlfriend."

OK.

Now my knees are wobbling like Jell-O. Did he just introduce me as his girlfriend? Talk about opening a can of worms.

The Queen's sharp blue eyes are not amused. Nevertheless, she holds out a be-ringed hand. Sapphires and diamonds flash on her fingers.

"G-good evening, your Majesty," I splutter, taking her outstretched hand.

She appraises me without a smile. "So you are the girl who has taken Alexander away from us for a whole month."

Bad, bad start. She's already predisposed to hate me.

"She didn't take me away, Mother. Quite the opposite. I persuaded her to come with me when she didn't want to."

"It will be quite the story, I imagine." She waves at the table. "Please, don't stand on my accord."

"No kiss for your little sister whom you haven't seen in over a year?" pipes up a voice.

I'm so bowled over by the beauteous austerity of the Queen that I've almost forgotten her companion.

"Of course, little sister." Alex leans down to kiss the cheek of a slender, willowy brunette who also looks remarkably like him. I take it that she is his youngest sister, Claire - the one in a Swiss finishing school.

Claire regards me coolly out of her vivid blue eyes. I try to keep the tremor from crippling my gait as I take the seat on the other side of the table next to Alex. Such a long table for just four people, and we are all crowded at one end.

"Claire, this is Liz. Liz, my sister Claire."

Claire says, "So you are Alex's girlfriend. This is the first time he has told us about you." She has a distinctively French accent, although her English is impeccable.

I don't know what to say, so Alex answers for me, "Yes, she is."

Four waiters come in to serve four identical bowls of steaming soup in front of us. My place setting is made of Chantilly lace, and the cutlery is gleaming silver, polished to perfection. I can see my face reflected on the spoon.

"And so what happens to Tatiana?" the Queen says. "You cast her off like this right after your father has made the announcement? We have made no official statement to the public, and as far as your father is concerned, you are still officially engaged."

I look at my soup, and despite my grumbling stomach, I suddenly feel queasy.

Claire is eyeing me with curiosity. "Is that my sister's dress?"

Uh oh.

"We borrowed it because Liz has nothing formal to wear," Alex says, glaring at her.

"I hope she won't mind," I manage to say. My voice wavers, and I'm aware that I'm doing a piss poor job of winning over Alex's family. Come on, Liz, you're better than this. I straighten my slumped shoulders and add, "She has gorgeous clothes."

"I should hope so," Claire says, "seeing as she spends half the kingdom's coffers shopping in Paris and Milan. Mother, how come I don't get that much spending money?"

"It's because you're still seventeen. When you turn twenty-one, you'll have your own clothing allowance."

"Yes, but I still need to look good in school."

"You do not need to look that good. It's school, not a charity fete."

"Mother, half the girls have better trousseaus that I do."

"That's not true and that will be enough on the subject, darling." The Queen turns to me. I remember reading that her maiden name is Emily Grant, and she is the sole heir to the Grant empire - a sprawling multibillion dollar worldwide conglomerate of newspapers, TV channels and movie studios. The Grants may own a large chunk of the media, but even they cannot block negative press, it seems. "So tell me, Elizabeth, what do you do?"

"I go to college."

I'm sure Jasper has already briefed her all about me, and this is merely dinner conversation. Or a test. I think I have calmed down sufficiently to maintain a normal conversation. I mean, they are already predisposed to dislike me intensely, right? Whatever I do or say won't change that.

"In Chicago?"

"Yes. CNU. I'm doing psychology."

"And you pay your own way through college?" Queen Emily affects an interested voice, although I can discern the brittle iciness in it. We may be from the same country but we are worlds apart. I can drop any notions of her warming up to me just because I'm a fellow American.

"Yes."

"Admirable, isn't she?" Alex says. He has already finished his soup. He looks at mine, still untouched. "You OK, Liz?"

"I am," I say hastily, dipping my spoon into the soup. Can't let the royals know I'm being terribly affected by their coolness.

"And how do you pay your way through college?" Claire challenges, her eyes dancing.

"Oh come on, Claire," Alex cuts in, "don't you pretend that Jasper hasn't briefed you already. You're just trying to embarrass Liz, though she has nothing to be embarrassed about. Just because she works as a hotel maid doesn't mean she's going to be a maid forever. And even if she was, there's no shame in that."

"I never said there was," Claire declares.

Alex shoots her a deadpan gaze as if to say, "Come on. I know you better than that."

"The circumstances of how you two met are rather bizarre," Emily says. She glances at Claire. "For your sister's sake, I won't recount it at the dinner table."

Claire rolls her eyes. "Mother, I'm not a child, and yes, I've heard the details."

"Are we going to talk about this all night?" Alex says, putting down his spoon. "Because if you both are going to make us feel uncomfortable, we're better off leaving."

I gasp. I feel like standing up and cheering for Alex. Did I mention how much I love this man? Well, I love him even more, if possible, and he doesn't even know it.

"There's no need for histrionics, Alexander," his mother says. "I believe we can resolve all of this in an amicable manner."

"There's nothing to resolve, Mother. Father made an announcement that I was not consulted on and not privy to. I'm an adult, not a chess piece."

"Not here, Alexander." Emily looks pointedly at me.

"But that's exactly what happened."

The waiters come in to clear the soup bowls, and the heatedness is momentarily put on hold, though I'm pretty sure they were listening to every word behind the curtains. I barely knew what I ate anyway.

They serve the next course, which is a chicken breast in some sort of orange sauce, garnished with parsley.

"As royals, we have a commitment to the people."

"You mean we have a commitment to Tatiana's father - something we can do without, thank you very much."

The Queen cuts through her chicken with the knife, which clatters sharply on her plate. "We'll discuss this later."

"I wish we could have discussed this a lot sooner, then there would be no need for all this unpleasantness."

"Alexander, that's enough. End of conversation."

Looking mutinous, Alex clams up. The next few minutes are followed by scrapes and the chinks of silver cutlery against bone china plates.

"Are you going back to the hospital after this, Mother?" Claire asks.

"Yes. Would you like to join me, Alexander?"

Alex's expression becomes more conciliatory. "I will. Are you going to stay there tonight, Mother?"

"Yes, I've been staying in the royal suite since your father has taken ill." The Queen's eyes soften. A tiny pang squirms within my chest. She clearly loves her husband, and I can sense that this is not a show. "It would be wise for you to spend as much time with him as possible before ... ". She almost imperceptibly shakes her head. "I trust that Elizabeth can look after herself."

I nod. "Yes, I can."

"Good. We'll put Jasper at your disposal."

"I can help look after Elizabeth," Claire interjects with a cheeky smile.

"No," Alex says shortly.

"Why ever not?"

"I don't need looking after," I say to Claire. "Though it would be great if we could spend some time together."

OK, I'm just being polite. Claire is the epitome of every girl who made my life a living hell in high school, and she's a princess to boot.

"Splendid. I've always wanted to know how the other side lives. You've always been telling me that I should socialize more with the commoners, Mother."

My spirits sink. Can I retract the offer?

"Don't be a brat, Claire," Alex says.

She grins at him and sticks out her tongue when her mother is not looking.

I'm glad when dinner is over and we take our leave. I have the most humungous pit in my stomach, having barely eaten anything.

Alex takes me aside, "Hey, chin up. I'm here every step of the way."

"I know." I raise my eyes to him shyly. We are in an alcove a little distance away from the family dining room. "So ... about what you said back there ... am I really your girlfriend?"

My heart cringes, expecting him to say "No, that was just to rile them up". I tense my entire body, bracing for pain.

He laughs softly. After his slumber, the dark circles around his eyes have disappeared and he looks well-rested and extremely handsome. "Are you kidding me? Need you even ask?"

Relief washes through me, and gratitude, and love, and a dozen different emotions. Oh, I'm such a wreck when I'm with him. He moves in for a kiss, and I respond hungrily in kind. It's a passionate one - open-mouthed and full of tongue. I savor him, trying to compensate for the deep-seated gnawing hunger in my belly.

When we part for air, I whisper, "Oh Alex, they hate me. Everyone hates me here."

"No, they don't. They just haven't gotten to know you like I have."

I shake my head. "I'm not so sure."

"Hey," he tips my jaw up with his fingers, "you've got me. We'll weather through this together, OK?"

"OK."

We kiss again, though I'm really not sure if weathering this is even a possibility. But oh, I love love love Alex so much. It would be kill me if I were to be told that I can never get to see him again. It would more than kill me. It would devastate me and send me to the deepest pits of despair.

"Listen, I have to go see my father tonight and tomorrow morning, but Jasper will take you shopping, OK? My expense account is yours. Buy anything and everything. You need a new wardrobe."

I have never asked Alex for anything in my life. I mean, he paid the air tickets and accommodation and stuff because I didn't have any money on me, but we lived frugally and simply for the past month. The possibility of buying clothes with his money now fills me with trepidation.

"Oh Alex, I don't know."

"Do it for me. You need a new wardrobe, and you're my girlfriend, so you're going to be in a bit of spotlight. We'll avoid it as much as we can, but unless you plan on being a recluse here, there's no way you can avoid it completely." He teases my hair. "I wish I could have prepared you more for this and I was fully intending to ease you into my life ... or at least, this part of my life. But there isn't time."

"I know ... your father ... "

"I'm sorry, Liz."

"Don't be. I wouldn't dream of leaving you alone to deal with this."

"I know. I have to go. I might be back home late tonight, so go to sleep and I'll see you in the morning."

He kisses me again - deep, urgent kisses.

"Leave your door unlocked," he whispers.

And then he leaves.

It's as if my only anchor in this bewildering foreign world has been taken away. Deep down inside, I know that I'm going to be alone in dealing with this. No matter how much Alex supports me - in the end, it will be up to me and how strong I ultimately am.

6

The next morning, I wake up with Alex. I don't recall going to bed with him because he did mention that he was coming home late, but here he is - as beautiful as a god in repose in my bed.

I extricate myself from him gently as I don't want to wake him. Naked, he's a glorious sight to behold under the sheets. His chest rises and falls slowly. I can watch him sleep forever. If only it were just the two of us in this wide open world. It would be a lot less complicated that way.

But life never has a way of working out the way we planned. I never planned to fall in love with Alex, any more than he ever planned to be born a prince. I never planned to be born into a poor family either. Who does?

Although he is sleeping, his erect c**k forms a tent in the sheets. He's always hard in the morning, from my delicious past experience.

"Hormonal overload," he jokingly called it.

I have an idea. It immediately puts a smile on my face.

The morning sun is streaming through the windows, lighting up the room into a blaze of gold and brown when I dive under the white sheets. It's not a complete blackout in there, because the sheet is thin and the sunlight filters through the threads to light the hazy environment down there into a soft golden glow. His c**k is a stiff rod holding up the cloth.

I ease my mouth down upon it. I'm determined to finish what I started in Indonesia. I suck it slowly but insistently, curling my tongue around its corona. The ridge is a curved elevation against my taste buds.

I dip the tip of my tongue into the little hole on top of his head.

"Mmmmmm," he murmurs.

Uh oh. I have woken him up.

But that's the ultimate idea.

I continue to run my tongue up, down and around his head and shaft, giving him a really wet lashing. I make little fanlike movements - circles, triangles, squares, wavy lines ... anything I can think of.

Then I swallow his c**k hole, going as deep as I can possibly take him down my throat.

"Ohhhh," he groans.

I am not at the liberty to say anything in my current position.

"Oh my God," he says, his voice still slurred with sleep. "That feels sooo good. Don't stop, please don't stop."

I slide my mouth up and down his cock. I'm essentially f**king him with the funnel of my mouth. I squeeze my cheek muscles against his turgid flesh to heighten the friction. His head butts against the little pendulum piece of flesh at the back of my throat. I have to try very hard not to gag.

Daylight suddenly intrudes upon my little act of fellatio. Alex has removed the sheet from my head and his lower half, and is now enjoying the sight of me savaging his penis.

His hands reach for and grope my hair.

"Oh baby, you're going to kill me," he says softly.

I intensify my sucking strength. I'm drawing his flesh upward and outward into the vacuum suction of my mouth. He moans and trashes his head upon the pillow, and his hands flail here, there, everywhere upon my head and shoulders.

"I'm going to come," he warns me.

For answer, I bite down gently upon his c**k and give him a particularly vicious tug with my teeth.

"Ohhhh!" he cries, and his se**n jettisons into my throat.

I let the sourish nectar flow onto my tongue. I lap it up, tasting it. I have never swallowed his sperm before, and I try it now, refusing to let the precious fluid spill out of my mouth.

"You're going to kill me," he repeats breathlessly. "Oh baby, baby - "

His sperm continues to spurt into my mouth, and I continue to swallow it with relish as it slowly ebbs its flow. I hold his c**k in my mouth for a long, long time, reveling in the sticky sweetness of it. I finally remove his glistening rod. It's gone semi-soft now, but that doesn't stop him from getting up and flipping me suddenly onto my back.

He straddles me. In the morning light, his hair has lighted up into a blazing golden brown, and his eyes are as green as jewels. He's overwhelmingly, gloriously beautiful. His full luscious lips part.

"I love you, Liz Turner," he says.

A sharp pain fleets through my chest. It lingers as a dull ache, and my heart begins to expand and weep with the sudden groundswell of emotion.

Tears spring to my eyes.

"I love you too, Alexander Vassar."

It's true. I would love him even if he had been a dirt poor hustler in some seedy joint.

He lowers his mouth to kiss me.

There comes a sharp rap on the door.

We both groan. Not again. The palace is unique in the sense that none of the bedrooms have phones in them.

"Your highness?" Jasper's measured voice filters through the door. "There's something you need to see right away."

7

Alex and I stare at the newspaper and tabloid headlines. These are not only Moldovian newspapers, but French, Spanish, Italian and German ones.

'REASON FOR KING FELIX'S HEART ATTACK REVEALED.'

Below is a photo of Alex and me arriving at the airport. I'm in my scruffy clothes and my hair is scraggly.

'MYSTERY WOMAN REASON FOR PRINCE ALEXANDER'S DISAPPEARANCE.'

'WHY TATIANA OF NUERNBERG GOT DUMPED.' An inset picture of Tatiana looking disgruntled.

A smaller headline: 'A palace spokesperson says 'no comment'.'

I suppose that would be Jasper.

I glance at Alex. "So what do we do?"

He shakes his head. "There's nothing we can do. If people want to talk, they talk."

"Is Jasper going to issue any further statements?"

"He'll see how it plays. Meanwhile, we go about life as normal."

I'm still shell-shocked by seeing my not-so-flattering pictures splashed all over the newspaper front pages.

"Don't worry," Alex says, "you'll get used to it in time."

*

I don't think I'll ever get used to it. Alex goes to the hospital as planned. Meanwhile, I'm left with Jasper and the chauffeur to go shopping with.

"Will anyone recognize who I am?" I ask Jasper anxiously as the nondescript black Merc revs up the driveway of the East Wing entrance.

"I have arranged a discreet shopping experience, Ms. Turner. Where we are going to is catered for privacy. No one will recognize you unless you run out in the streets and flag the paparazzi down. Everything your purchase will be on the expense account. You don't have to swipe any credit cards."

Jasper opens the back door for me. He does not seem friendlier towards me than before, even though he has seen me almost naked twice. It doesn't matter. I can't help it if no one likes me because of who I am.

But I can help being affected by it.

I'm about to enter the back passenger seat when Claire comes running down the stairs of the entrance.

"Wait for me!" she calls. "I'm coming along."

"Aren't you supposed to be at the hospital, your highness?" Jasper says with a hint of displeasure. Oh good, so he treats everyone else with disdain.

"They only let a certain amount of people in at one time." Claire dashes into the backseat with me. "You don't mind if I tag along, do you?"

"Of course not." I wonder if I should be calling her 'your highness' as well. I also wonder if she would make this entire shopping trip an unpleasant experience. Still, it's a good chance as any to bond with the younger sister of the love of my life.

Jasper gets into the front passenger seat, muttering something under his breath.

The car drives off.

"So," Claire says brightly, "tell me what it's like to be a hotel maid."

Uh oh.

Well, I have nothing to be ashamed of. At least one royal, her brother, thinks so. So I tell her about my job and what it entails, and how I was trying to make ends meet for college because my mother was made redundant.

"You've opted out of college. How cool!"

It isn't that cool actually.

"I'm just taking a hiatus," I put in hastily. "I'll be going back to college."

When I can.

"So you toured Indonesia with my brother for a month. Tell me about it."

She seems quite chatty and inoffensive today, and so I tell her all about our life in the villages - how we helped them erect a communal house, how we paid for a 'doctor without borders' to fly in to vaccinate the newborn babies.

"Fascinating," Claire says with a twist to her mouth to suggest she doesn't find it fascinating at all. "So how do you feel about my brother?"

I'm taken aback. Wow, this is sudden. I steal a look at Jasper in front, who has been listening to every word with pricked ears, I'm sure.

Again, I have nothing to hide.

"I love him," I say.

"Do you really?" she says disbelievingly.

"Yes."

"Is it because he's who he is?" She raises her eyebrows. Her coloring and looks are exactly like her mother's. "It's a valid question and to protect my brother, I have every right to be asking it."

Boy, she's being brutally frank.

I say, "I understand. When I first met your brother, I didn't know who he was."

"I've heard the salacious details." She flashes an impish smile. "Quite the stud my brother is."

"I would love Alex even if he were a pauper," I add.

"Even if he didn't look the way he does?"

"Yes," I say in confidence. Of course, Alex's godlike looks are a major turn-on, but that's beside the point. I have seen into Alex's heart and fallen in love with the altruistic and impartial soul that resides within.

"Interesting. That's what they all say, by the way." Her expression turns cunning. "Did you know that my brother is quite the player?"

Well, I've Googled him a bit and he had been linked to a lot of supermodel types in the past.

"No, I didn't," I say. But that was the past, right? That was before he met me.

Right?

"Women throw themselves at him all the time. It's obvious why. He's got quite the roving eye. He may be with you now, but what's to stop him from checking other girls out in the future? After all, he was with Tatiana until he met you."

I've really never thought of Alex that way. In fact, it never even crossed my mind. He was with Tatiana? Really?

"Yeah, it has happened," Claire says, smiling slyly. "Did he tell you that he loved you? He told Tatiana the exact same thing, and you can see how that went. I'm telling you all this for your own good, by the way. My brother can't make a commitment, and you don't want to be in a family who thinks you ought to be put back in your rightful place, do you now?"

An acute discomfort prickles the back of my neck.

No, no, she's lying. You have to trust Alex.

And yet, when I recall all the Google articles and images of Alex with other women, a sliver of doubt crosses my mind. Alex the player. That was my initial impression, and dare I say - prejudice.

My voice quavers as I say, "What do all of you have against me? I have done nothing except stand by your brother when he needed me."

"I have nothing against you personally, although I can't speak for my mother." Claire curls a finger around her hair. "You're just not the type we would want for my brother's girlfriend. What would the press say? A prince dating a hotel maid so that the palace can save on toilet cleaning?"

Now, that's really vulgar and low. I physically wince. Claire has a cruel streak in her, I realize that now.

I was going to say that I am not going to remain a hotel maid forever, when it hits me again - what's wrong with a prince being with a hotel maid? This isn't the medieval ages. Heck, it isn't even the middle of the twentieth century where there was an actual division of classes and races. The world has changed a lot, even if some of its citizens haven't been dragged along for the ride.

"There's nothing wrong in Alex dating me," I say.

"If you seriously think that, you've got a rude shock coming. Anyway, we have reached Rue Chabon. We have a lot of shopping to do."

Despite Claire rattling my confidence, I must admit to being impressed by Rue Chabon. This is apparently the Magnificent Mile of Moldovia. Its sidewalks team with fashionable shoppers in sunhats and pastel sundresses, and the storefronts are decorated with gorgeous clothes, purses, hats and accessories. All the designers are here - Gucci, Dolce and Gabbana, Chanel, Bottega Venetta, and even the newer ones like Zac Posen and Zubair Murad. Here and there, sidewalk cafes intersperse the designer stores. The whole place has the ambience of a French Riviera.

The Merc does not stop at any of these stores. Instead, the chauffeur drives us into the underground car park of a lovely little boutique hotel on Rue Chabon itself called 'La Palais'.

"I thought we were going shopping," I say.

"We are," Claire replies.

The Merc lets us alight at a pair of elevators where a woman in a two-piece suit awaits us.

"Good morning, your highness," the woman says. She has large gold hoop earrings and her copper hair is neatly done up in a stylish chignon. Her makeup is impeccable in the way of cosmetic salesgirls.

"Good morning, Eva. Eva, this is Elizabeth. She's going to need a lot of help. Elizabeth, this is my personal shopper, Eva."

Personal shopper? I've only heard of those, though I've never had a personal shopper in my entire life (and never dreamed I would need one). And a personal shopper who waits for us at a hotel? This has got to be a first. And yes, I get the dig Claire made at me - loud and clear.

"Right this way, Miss."

If Eva knows who I am, she makes no indication of it.

Claire turns to Jasper. "She'll be all right with me. You stay down here. I'll call you when we're finished."

Jasper glowers, but does not take a step towards the open elevator doors. Even he has to reckon with the orders of a princess. His baleful eyes lock with mine as the elevator doors ping shut.

We zoom up to the top floor. When the doors slide open, we step out to a plush, quiet corridor. Eva leads us to a large area called 'The Horizon Club'.

The moment I enter it, I'm floored.

The whole room is not only filled with the usual hotel club sofas and armchairs and piped instrumental music but there are racks and racks of hanging clothes, just like in a store. Half mannequins sporting gorgeous daywear and nightwear rub shoulders with smartly dressed live shop girls. All the big labels are there in bold letters on top of the racks - Versace, Dior, Chanel, Givenchy.

And the shoes ... pairs and pairs in all colors stacked up on boxes. I recognize their labels: Jimmy Choo, Stuart Weitzman, Manolo Blahnik. There are jackets and dresses and silk pajamas and frilly nightgowns and suits and brassieres and piles of soft lacy panties on tables.

I don't know where to turn.

Against one wall is a smorgasbord of pastries, breads, cheeses, platters of bacon, creamed eggs and tomatoes. There are jars of orange juice and milk next to bowls of cereal and butter curls on a bed of ice.

Is all that food for just the two of us, or is everyone invited as well?

"Oh goody, breakfast!" Claire makes a beeline for the pastries. She crams one delicate creampuff into her mouth. "They never serve us stuff like this at boarding school."

The women are all smiling patiently. No one else seems to be eating, although a couple of the girls dart longing glances at the spread.

"I, uh, just ate," I say, feeling self-conscious. I can never eat when there are that many eyes upon me.

"Suit yourself." Claire forks several pieces of bacon on a plate and flings herself into an armchair. Then she leans over to me. "Say, you don't mind if I put anything I like on Alex's tab, do you? You needn't tell him. It will just be between you and me."

Oh, is it what this is about? I recall the conversation at the dinner table and her mother not giving her clothing allowance.

So she's using me.

"I don't think that's right," I reply.

"Oh come on, don't be a fuddy duddy. You'd want at least one person in the family to be on your side." She smiles innocently as she forks a rasher of bacon into her mouth.

This is making me uncomfortable. Is she trying to bribe me? No wonder she didn't want Jasper here. I'm aware that I shouldn't embarrass her by saying no in front of all the shop girls, and yet I'm aware that this may be a test - she might want to gauge if I would deceive Alex in any way.

Oh, my head hurts!

I grip my fists and take a deep breath. Any move I make will probably be construed wrongly anyway, so I might as well be true to myself.

I try to make my voice as impartial as I can. "Claire, this is your family's money and you can do what you like with it. I'm not going to go out of my way to say anything to your brother, but if he or your mother asks me, I would probably have to tell them the truth."

There. She's going to hate me forever now. But she already hates me, so what the heck.

Claire's face is like a rock. She appears stunned, at least momentarily. I take it that no one aside from her mother has ever said no to her before. Anyway, I didn't really say no. I just put the ball back on her court and maintained my position.

Her eyes narrow. She puts her fork down on the side table.

"I see. So that's your stance." Her mouth compresses in a flat, ugly line.

I nod. My heart is thudding hard against my ribs. Confrontation is always so hard for me.

"I won't lie to your family, Claire. Not for anyone. Not even for your brother if he asked me to, and I don't think he ever will."

Silence. The women in the room exchange uncomfortable glances with each other and shift on their feet.

"Fine then." Claire gets up. She stalks off and heads for the exit. She turns. "But don't count on me to get your back next time."

I don't say anything.

As soon as she vanishes, a palpable cloud lifts from the room. The atmosphere lightens considerably.

Eve says in a low voice, "She's not a good enemy to make, ma cherie."

I sigh. "None of them are, but they already hate my guts anyway."

She seems to ponder this, and then she brightens. "Come, let's pick out something for you. A whole new trousseau, shall we? What do you say we begin with some suitable clothes to be photographed in?"

This is a cheery prospect. I can't help smiling again despite everything.

"OK. But I insist on only one thing."

"What is it?"

I wave my hand at the food spread. "Seeing as I'm not going to be eating all this alone, why don't we all have a little bit of breakfast?"

The girls all eye each other in delight. I think they must have been up since five preparing all this for me.

"Are you sure?" Eva asks me, creasing her brow. "It has never been ... done."

"I'm pretty sure. There's no one to spy on us anyway."

A sprinkling of laughter and chatter now permeates the solemn room. I smile as the girls make a line for the buffet.

8

It's a good thing I decided to wear one of the two piece suits I bought on Alex's tab. It's a cream-colored cashmere number, extremely well cut and a lot like something Kate Middleton would wear at a function (I think), only pricier.

"You have to find your own style," Eva advises. "I'm here to guide you."

She's talking as if I'm a princess-in-waiting already.

I toss a laugh. "It's too early to find my own style. Besides, I don't know how this whole thing will pan out. You know ... with Claire and her mother ... "

Eva nods. "Say no more. I completely understand. The royals may be a handful at times. Some of them are extremely spoilt. I daresay they need a little shakeup in their ranks because they are starting to lose touch with the common people. You are the breath of fresh air they need."

"They don't see it that way."

"They should."

I need to call Jasper to bring the car around, but I realize I don't have his number because I wasn't in the right mind to take it down before Claire sent him away.

"Don't worry," Eva says. "I'll call him."

She whips out her cellphone and dials. I can hear the distant ringing tone that emits from her phone.

"Mr. Jasper? Yes, she's ready for her pickup. I'll help her with the bags. Yes." She beams at me. "You can go down to where he dropped you."

I have bought enough clothes to fit into twelve large bags. Four of the girls - now well-fed and contented - volunteer to accompany Eva and me down the elevator.

We crowd into the small space. When we reach the basement, the elevator doors open to reveal Jasper, his expression as disdainful as always.

"I trust you have had a fruitful trip," he says.

"Where's Claire?" I ask.

"Is she not with you?"

"No."

"I'm certain she has hitched another ride somewhere else, so I wouldn't worry about her. Come." He gestures to the Merc, which is rolling slowly towards us.

I take a step towards it, two large bags in either hand.

Everything happens so fast that Jasper and Eva are every bit as sucker punched as I am. There comes the sudden sound of two car doors opening. Two photographers rush out of a parked car on our right and begin snapping photos of us.

Jasper rushes in front to shield me, but it's too late.

9

Woebegone, I stare at the front page headline of Mundi, the main newspaper of Moldolvia. It is in French, but the photo splashed there is of me, flanked by Eva and the four girls with all the paper bags - all clearly displaying the logos of Versace and Fendi and Jimmy Choo and everything else.

I can't read French, but I know the headlines state:

"Mystery Woman Revealed to be a Maid. Goes on a shopping spree on taxpayer's money."

I'm shocked that they found out so much in such a short period of time. If I peruse the article further, I know the Google translation would reveal the phrases:

"Hotel maid"

"Poor"

"Using the prince's money"

"Gold-digger"

"Trying to trap a prince".

Oh shit.

Alex puts his arms around me from behind. "You can't stop people from printing whatever they want. The trick is not to care."

I sniffle. "You have to care about some headlines."

I'm trying not to care, but I do. God help me, but I do.

"Well, some, but not every one. I've learned to tune it all out." He turns me to face him. "Hey, why are you crying? There's no need to cry."

I can't help the tears from spilling down my cheeks. We are in his bedroom, a tastefully decorated suite without the humungous walk-in closet.

"Alex, you don't think I'm with you because of who you are, do you?" My voice trembles.

"Of course not." He sounds indignant. "I was the one who made you come with me in the first place when you didn't want to have anything else to do with me. I was the one who insisted you went shopping on my expense account. And it's not the taxpayer's money. I earn my own director fees and I have salary stipends like everyone else."

I want to ask him something very, very badly, but I'm afraid of the answer. I wipe my tears off. No, it's not the answer I'm afraid of, but of making him lie to me.

I ask it anyway because I'm a masochist.

"Alex ... have you ever said 'I love you' to any other woman? Like ... Tatiana, for instance?"

I quail inwardly, afraid to hear his reply.

His handsome forehead frowns. "No. Never. I would never say that to Tatiana. We weren't even technically going out together. Why would you think that?"

I want so much to believe him and I do believe him. I shouldn't have even let the doubt creep into my mind.

He presses me to him. His body is hard and his arms wrap themselves around me.

"You're the only woman I've ever said those words to, and I'm being completely honest. We're in this together, Liz, no matter what anyone says and how much they want to us to be apart. It's not going to be easy."

I bury my head against his chest. He's got that right.

"Now tell me ... who said that to you about Tatiana?" His voice is a comforting vibration within his chest.

I shake my head. I'm not a rat, despite of how cruel Claire has been to me.

Alex tips my chin up so that I can look at his face. "We're going to show everyone that although we come from two different worlds, we can love each other and we can be together. Are you in this with me?"

His shining blue-green eyes regard mine. In the daylight filtering through his balcony doors, lighting his tousled hair into highlights, he has never looked more beautiful.

"Yes," I say.

Oh yes. This is a man worth forging through the prejudices and heartache and bad press and conflicts. Because I love everything about him deeply. I love him for who he is and in spite of who he is.

"Good," he says, smiling, "because we have one hell of a ride ahead of us."

