CHAPTER ONE

Logan

The server had to ask me twice before I cleared my throat and ordered a Perrier. Food, drink, the drama with Delilah--none of it mattered when I was sitting across from Melissa.

My submissive.

The woman I let in my bed...and my heart.

When Melissa's bright blue eyes dropped to the menu in her hands, tongue smoothing over her lips like she could taste the items with perfect clarity, desire stirred inside me. She made everything else go quiet. She was the calm after the storm.

"And for you, ma'am?" the server chirped.

Melissa's gaze flickered to me, a moment of silence passing between us. I arched an eyebrow, and she followed suit.

"Not ordering for me whether I like it or not?"

My lips pulled into a smirk that was just for us. "Trust me, the next time I give an order, you'll like it."

Red colored her cheeks as she snapped the menu in the direction of our server. "A-A mocha, please. And a croissant." Once the waitress dashed away to put in our order, Melissa's eyes narrowed. "Stop looking at me like we're not in a restaurant, surrounded by people. People that will mind if you do what your eyes are hinting at--which is bend me over the table."

I reached for her hand, my fingertips stroking her skin. I drank in the shiver that echoed through her. "I don't care if we're in a restaurant or standing on the Golden Gate Bridge. You're gorgeous, and you're mine. If these past two weeks taught me anything, it's that I can't take my eyes off you. And for the record, I'm using every ounce of self control to hold back my desire to sweep everything off the table-"

Her eyes bulged knowingly.

"I guess I don't need to finish the thought," I grinned.

"Logan!" she hissed, cheeks darkening.

God, I loved her.

How was this possible? How could she make it all go away, just by existing? One smile from her and something in me believed that everything would be alright.

She twirled a blonde strand lazily around her finger. Not in the ditzy, coy way I was used to from other women, eyes vacant as they tried futilely to convince me that our connection was more than it was. Melissa's eyes were pensive, taking it all in like she was genuinely in awe of every moment. She didn't take a single thing for granted.

She drummed her fingertips on the white linen tablecloth, eyes shooting to the crystal chandelier overhead. "The lighting, the lack of prices on the menu, the paintings on the wall-" Her evaluation came to a halt as she cleared her throat, snatching her hands into her lap.

"Is something wrong?" I asked quickly, ready to move heaven and earth if that would make her happy. Stroll right out the door if she was dissatisfied with the cafe. The back door, because even with our table nestled away from prying eyes, I knew the photographers were out front, dying for a shot of us together. Photographic evidence that I was the billionaire playboy, abandoning my child in favor of my latest conquest.

"No," she answered, gaze settling on me. "It's just when you said 'cafe' I guess I pictured something a little less fancy. Which was dumb because you're--well, you know what you are."

I cleared my face of all emotion. I knew what she was getting at, but I couldn't resist playing with her a little. "And what, pray tell, am I?"

Her nostrils flared. "Rich. Filthy rich."

The only word that mattered was filthy. My body could care less that we were out in public, c**k hardened to rock with memories of her stretched out on my desk, her silken wetness wrapped around me as I took her.

"You think you're slick," she said, twisting her golden strands until they spilled over one shoulder.

Another word that had me gripping the arm of my chair, struggling to keep my composure.

Slick.

My thoughts must have been clear as day because she gave me a demure smile that clutched her hot little mouth. "I know exactly what you're doing. It's the same thing I'm doing, talking about this cafe, while you're screwing me with your gaze, thinking about what happened in your office. We're both ignoring the elephant in the room." Her smile wavered. "Delilah."

That word snatched all the air from my sails and breathed fire into my lungs. The good mood, the false sense of happiness because Melissa was back and all was right in the world, was turned to cinder and smoke.

I was no fool. Delilah was more than some looming thing that I struggled to ignore. There was no ignoring the damn soap opera my life had become. It started with Amanda's call two weeks ago, and I'd been barreling down the highway to hell ever since.

I barely had time to catch my breath when I found out Delilah James was carrying our child--and she decided the best way to break the news to me was to break it to the world. I'd lost my mind a little, punched a mirror like a petulant boy, and let Melissa run away when she told me what was in her heart. Truth be told, it was the same thing that was in my heart, but how could I say those words, change my entire world, after Delilah dropped the bomb that I was going to be a father?

No, Delilah was more than the elephant in the room. She was the poison in my system. Eating away at the happiness I thought was finally mine. Chaining me to her forever, whether I was ready for the responsibility or not. At the end of the day, no matter what lies she told to sell magazines or garner clicks, I would be a part of this kid's life. He or she would know me and never want for a thing.

Melissa was watching, waiting for my response. Expecting a joke most likely. I was no longer in a joking mood.

"What would you like to do?"

Her eyes dropped to the table, then slowly drew back up to meet mine. "I'd like to know what comes next. With Delilah and the...baby."

Something in my chest tightened at the look that soured her face. She could barely say the 'b' word. I knew it was unfair to expect her to be delighted by the situation, to overcompensate by talking about baby showers and family trips. Those things were enough to make my head spin. Considering our whirlwind romance, any other woman would have abandoned ship. I wouldn't run from my child, but it wasn't her cross to bear. Yet Melissa was still here. Hell, she escaped the three-ring circus and came back for more.

So I calmed the flare of indignation that whipped inside me and answered her question.

"My people are in contact with her people-"

"Really?" Melissa cut in incredulously. "Isn't that the standard industry brush off? You don't think you need to sit down with Delilah, one on one?"

"What a great idea!" I exclaimed, dialing up the sarcasm to a fever pitch. "I can't believe I didn't think of it myself, considering I am intimately acquainted with Delilah James."

Hurt colored her face at my dig. "I get that you're stressed, but if you're going to be a jerk about it, you can drink your overpriced water alone."

Apologies weren't my thing, even in the rare instances where I was wrong. 'I'm sorry' seemed like a weakness. Surrender. Call it ego. It probably didn't help that I was surrounded by people too afraid to call me on my BS because it could cost them their jobs. Either way, there was something refreshing about someone giving it to me straight.

Melissa Foster was getting a second apology in less than twenty-four hours. If that wasn't proof that she was good for me, I wasn't sure what was.

"I'm sorry," I sighed. "You asked me a reasonable question and I snapped at you."

She dipped her head twice in acknowledgment, her eyes signifying she was still waiting for something. Sorry or not, she wasn't letting me off that easy.

"Delilah knows exactly what she's doing," I began, loosening my tie and putting down my defenses. Slightly. "She's insulated by photographers who are hungry for scandal and eager to devour whatever scraps, however mundane and boring they might be. In every picture, she's clasping her stomach or answering her cell with an expectant look, hoping her wayward lover is finally ready to step up to the plate.

My calls are ended if I don't agree to meet her somewhere public, because I know what she's really asking is if some photographer can snap our pictures together. Maybe a couple with me looking contrite, tail between my legs." The frustration and anger about how Delilah was playing the media, playing me, stormed to the surface. "This isn't a game for me. I want what's best for the kid. I won't play into her hand and have one more terrible thing for my kid to see or read about their father one day."

Melissa leaned forward slightly, eyes tracing every line of my face in silent awe. "You really mean it, don't you? You want what's best for your child?"

"Of course I mean it," I said indignantly, then relaxed when I remembered we hadn't been together for weeks. The last time she saw me, I'd sucker punched a mirror. Not exactly Dad of the Year behavior.

She wasn't there when I tossed and turned, dreaming about my little one. A boy with my eyes. A girl with Delilah's fiery red hair. She didn't know that I woke up in a cold sweat, filled with shame that for one second, I'd wished that I never met Delilah. That I wished my child away.

That night, I'd pulled myself from my bed and looked into the fragmented mirror. I stared at the man that looked back at me. A man whose life was driven by desire--my desire to succeed professionally at any cost. To never feel the emptiness of going without again. A man who regulated his personal life, building barbed wire around his heart to keep anyone from getting too close.

The spark of life in Delilah changed all that. It wasn't just about me anymore.

I had called Amanda at 3am, giving her the most important job of her career--finding out who made the best crib, car seat, hell, the best pacifier, and purchase it all. I opened a trust and arranged to fill it with more money than my child could spend in a lifetime. And then I tried to call Delilah and realized that she was already using our child as a bargaining chip, and she had no intention of letting me in until I publicly flagellated myself.

My sin? Not loving her.

Love was something I was incapable of giving Delilah, but our child? I was already head over heels.

I gathered my thoughts, trying to figure out a way to explain it to Melissa. Make her understand. "It probably seems like I've done a complete 180-"

"I get it." She gripped my hand, her eyes swimming with tears as she squeezed tight. "Maybe it's because I've been looking for signs of it from my dad as far back as I can remember and have always come up disappointed. I can see it in you, Logan. I can see how much you love your baby, and it's beautiful."

All the emotion that had been building in me from the moment I realized I was going to be a father rocked my entire being. I hadn't cried since I was a child, and the man in me fought tooth and nail to keep the tears at bay.

"Everything okay over here?" Our server had impeccable timing, standing beside our table with our drinks and an empty smile.

I pulled my hand away, giving her a curt nod. She brandished Melissa's latte, then my bottle of Perrier.

"May I?" she said, gesturing for permission to pour it for me. I nodded a second time, giving her a tight smile. The sound of the water filling the glass dominated the silence, the awkwardness from the interrupted moment writhing like the bubbles that danced in the glass.

"I'm sorry," the server said smoothly, the high-pitched youth all but disappearing, "But you're Logan Mason, right? The billionaire dating Delilah James?"

"Dated," Melissa corrected brusquely. She blushed when the server arched her eyebrows with interest. "Sorry."

The woman pointed at the two of us. "So you two are together now?"

I eyed her warily. "I'm not sure how any of that is your business."

"My apologies, Mr. Mason," she said sweetly. "Why don't I give you two another minute to decide what you'd like to drink?"

Before I could remind her that she had just delivered our drinks, she hurried off toward the kitchen.

"Sorry," Melissa apologized again. "Do you get that a lot? Random people coming up and asking you a bunch of questions?"

"Unfortunately these days, yes," I sighed. I looked toward the kitchen, something scratching at the back of my mind. "I don't mind the questions, I'm just used to them being asked by photographers that hound my every movement, not a server in a restaurant."

Worry rippled across Melissa's face. "And what will happen when they find out about me?"

"We'll deal with it," I assured her. "Together."

A harried looking server stepped up to our table, pulling her lips into a smile that was more of a grimace. "I'm so sorry it took me so long to get over here. We've been slammed. And we had an issue with a photographer sneaking in to get pictures of some billionaire." She paused, noticing we already had drinks. "Who was helping you?"

Melissa's jaw dropped in disbelief.

I shook my head, tossing my napkin on the table with disgust. "Welcome to the circus."

CHAPTER TWO

Melissa

Breathe.

Just breathe.

My body seemed happy to completely ignore my commands. My heart still roared in my ears. My breath still came in rapid hiccups. My brain replayed the moment I realized that I was so out of my element: our actual waitress coming to our table, apologizing and telling us they had an issue with a reporter sneaking into the restaurant. Realizing that the reporter was the one who had been pretending she was our waitress, bringing our drinks and slyly asking Logan questions.

Realizing that my life as I knew it was over.

I clutched the seatbelt like it was my lifeline as Logan's Benz purred to life. The parking garage was dimly lit, the fluorescent glow of the sparse light peeking into the car. I was glad it was dark and his attention was on maneuvering us toward the exit and not on me. I didn't want him to see just how shaken I was.

Even though I'd managed to laugh and eat my croissant with minimal hand shaking, the truth was slowly devouring me, chunk by chunk. I mean, this was some super spy stuff. The woman had infiltrated the restaurant with the sole purpose of digging up dirt on Logan. To find out about me. What would happen now? How long until they found out my name? Where I worked? Where I lived?

Logan's hand shifted from the gearshift to my thigh, and I struggled not to jerk away. Not because I didn't want him to touch me. His touch was the only thing that made sense. The only thing that felt right. But every person we drove past made me suspicious and worried they were secretly a photographer or some crazed Delilah fan.

"It's overwhelming, huh?"

I thought I was playing my cards close to the chest, but one look at his face and I knew that he saw past my charade.

"Overwhelming is an understatement." I forced myself to ignore the feeling that the whole world was watching, judging and concentrating on us. I lowered my hand on top of his, and almost instantly I stopped shaking and a calm settled over me. I realized something that made my heart flutter to my throat. "You knew I was pretending I was okay in the restaurant and you didn't call me on it?"

He lifted his fingers, slipping them between the cracks in mine. We were just holding hands, but I felt the desire building inside me, my core warm with need. He turned something innocent into something deliciously sinful.

And then his words made me fall for him a little harder.

"You didn't need me to state the obvious. You just needed me there."

I brought his hand to my lips and kissed it, breathing in his skin. Reveling in his love. It was probably some sort of love-fueled delusion, but with him by my side, I felt the fear subsiding.

He pulled up to the parking garage attendant and paid the fee, and the fear level lurched back to high alert. People were at the exit on both sides of the car, aiming their cameras at us. Flashing lights cut through the windshield.

I slumped low in my seat as Logan eased from the garage, their shouts putting my teeth on edge.

"Mr. Mason!"

"Logan, who's the girl?"

"Over here!"

I snapped my eyes over to Logan, ready to aim my anger at him since the car seemed to be crawling through the sea of paparazzi, but I saw the white of his knuckles, the annoyed set of his jaw. There was no way he could gun it even if he wanted to. They had us surrounded, and besides the likelihood that he could injure one of them, if he dashed off, it would look like he had something to hide.

He let out an audible sigh of relief as we veered onto the street, fading into the bustling downtown traffic. "Jesus."

I repositioned myself, leaning my head back against the leather seat. "You calling on Jesus doesn't make me feel any better." I bit my bottom lip, trying to calm the queasiness in my stomach. "I need to believe that things will go back to normal."

"Normal is boring," he joked. When I didn't return his smile, he became serious. "Do you want me to tell you it gets easier?"

"Yes!" I nodded so enthusiastically my neck hurt.

"That would be a lie." He let out a tired sigh as we stopped at a red light. "Back when I was seeing Delilah, someone spotted us. My picture appeared on some blog and from then on, I had no privacy. People snapped pictures of me on my morning run, when I went to grab coffee, on my way to work. My whole life was suddenly public knowledge. Kids who wanted nothing to do with me growing up were suddenly my best friends, doing interviews with every tabloid on the supermarket rack.

When I ended things with Delilah and her fans started in on me, I thought with time it would die down. But it didn't. The only break I got was when I went to Pleasure Point. When I met you."

I hung my head, knowing that this was a moment. I was an escape for him, and he was an escape for me. We were both running from something and ran into each other's arms. But I couldn't get past his admission that it didn't get better. "I think I should have gone with the lie."

"C'mere."

He tilted my chin upward, his green eyes gazing into mine. He guided me to him, his lips aligning with mine, silencing everything else but our kiss.

He pulled away too soon, putting the car back in motion. I was still, my eyes shut and holding on to his taste and the heat between my legs. I was on fire, wanting to climb on top of him, to ride him until we both melted together--and I wanted to climb into his bed and fade into his arms, surrounded by the warmth of him. I'd never been so simultaneously in lust and love with someone. So horny and hopeless.

"Just to warn you, there will be more of them at my building. If I could, I'd order them off the face of the Earth," he growled. "They can't come inside the building unless they're a resident, but the sidewalk is public property." His green eyes scanned me, then shot back to the front, on high alert. "We just have to get inside the parking garage and we'll be good."

I swallowed the expanding knot in my throat. "I understand." The minutes that passed between his lips on mine and the reminder that my life could be turned inside out had me doubting if I truly understood. I didn't understand that going on the vacation alone would put me on a collision course with Logan. That I'd meet someone who knew me so intimately without ever touching me. A guy who saw the real me beneath the person I pretended I was. And while I knew that love had everything to do with why I came back after I shut him out, I didn't understand how deluded I'd been to think that everything would be okay once I saw Logan and we fixed things between us.

The traffic was at a slow crawl, a Gothic styled building standing out among high end department stores and trendy restaurants. The first thing that popped in my mind was New York, a grand building where even the concrete was molded into the shape of filigrees, every square inch a work of art. I peered out the window at the black awning with the street address in bold, white letters. Standing like an unmovable force was a man in a black suit, ready to leap into action the moment anyone that didn't belong tried to enter the building.

When I saw the sea of photographers, my confidence dimmed. As if they could smell our scent, they turned in our direction. The cameras went off like bombs as Logan made a hard left, laying on his horn when a group of them stepped into the driveway to the parking garage. I doubted they could see his bloodthirsty glare, but they wisely dodged out of his path.

He zipped through the lane like a bat out of hell, braking hard when we got close to the elevator towers. A single spot remained beside it, a sign glittering above the parking stall.

"Mr. Mason," I read aloud, sighing, finally feeling like it was safe to truly relax. "Your very own parking space?"

The mischievous twinkle in his eye made butterflies swarm my tummy. "I'd hope so. I own the building."

My eyes bulged and I clamped my lips together to keep myself from asking a dumb question like, 'the whole building?'. His house in Pleasure Point was far from a shack, and I knew he was wealthy, but I struggled to wrap my mind around the fact that he owned the entire place.

Even though I got out of the car and followed him to the elevator, I couldn't help but feel like I'd left something vital behind. My mind. My common sense. This was all happening so fast, leaving me in silent terror that I was too out of place, too normal to exist in this world of money and celebrity.

And then he touched me. It was the softest whisper of his fingertips, sweeping from my neck, down my spine, and pausing on my lower back. I looked up at him, words evaporating on my tongue, but my body whispered sweet nothings about love and happily ever after.

Rich, poor, crazy celeb ex or not, this man had a hold on me, and I never wanted him to let me go.

CHAPTER THREE

Logan

God, she tasted good. Sweet, naughty, and feisty, her tongue dashed in my mouth, the arm wrapped around my neck pulling me closer. I nearly said f**k the elevator and pushed her back against the wall to claim her in the garage, but she ended the kiss with a sly grin. She sauntered into the elevator and I drank in her curves, her tiny waist and round hips.

She spun around to the front, hand on her waist. "Well?"

I stepped in beside her, the warmth of lust blazing through my veins, demanding that I pull the emergency stop and have my way with her. The only thing that made me type in the code to the penthouse instead of ripping her clothes off was the fact that she was staring at the camera perched in the left corner of the elevator. Mesmerized by it.

I thought back to how painfully tight she'd gripped her seat belt after we escaped the paparazzi. I'd put money on her palm being marred with the imprint of her nails.

She was terrified of being watched.

Guilt poisoned my bloodstream, sex the last thing on my mind when I pulled the lever, the emergency brake slamming us to a stop.

She yanked her trench coat closed, her aqua eyes suspicious. "This isn't an Aerosmith song. If you think I'm about to hook-"

"I knew you were bothered by the paps. Who wouldn't be unless you thrived on the attention?" She was still eyeballing me like she was expecting me to screw her into submission, so I took a step back, giving her some space. "This isn't about that. This is about my selfishness."

She released her grip on her coat, slack jawed. "Your selfishness?"

I massaged my temple, trying to alleviate the tension headache I felt growing, but it was no use. When I looked at her face, full of questions and worry, I realized the ache wasn't in my head at all. It was in my heart.

I'd become accustomed to the insanity. Flashes captured every moment of my daily routine, and I never stopped to think about what it would be like to be thrown into this world. It was all noise except for my one prerogative: having her in my life. Melissa hadn't even spent a day in my world and she was already holding onto her sanity for dear life.

"Delilah, the baby, the cameras, and all the shit that comes with it is on me. That's my life. I had no right to expose you to it until you were ready."

She evaluated me, her thoughts a mystery. I was used to looking into her eyes and knowing exactly what she was thinking. Was she having second thoughts about me? Wondering if she knew me at all? If the headlines were to be believed, I had a new girlfriend for each day of the week. Dating me would only lead to a broken heart or worse. I didn't care about their lies, but I cared about what Melissa thought. I wanted her to see the person in me who had the capacity to love. The person who loved her.

"I may have way underestimated what it would be like to date you, but I'm not naive." Her voice took on the strength that drew me to her when we met. "I know figuring this out won't be easy, but I haven't backed away from a challenge yet." She reached around me and released the lever. "You're worth it, Logan."

Her words made my heart soar from my chest to my throat. No one had ever said such a thing to me. Growing up, my mother made me feel like I was a punishment from a cruel God, proof that the man upstairs had a sick sense of humor. The family that adopted me said all the right things and went through the motions, but I never let any of them close enough to believe it when they said they loved me. I couldn't bring myself to believe I deserved it. But Melissa said it so simply, like it was an obvious, irrefutable fact. I knew that she meant it, and I wanted to believe it.

My throat constricted, my body's involuntary reaction to the storm of emotions sweeping through me. These feelings weren't altogether foreign to me. The buzzing excitement, the warm twinge in my gut took me back to another time. Another woman I'd said those words to.

Remember how that turned out.

We hit the penthouse level and I put the darkness behind me, bathing in the sunlight that streamed into the elevator.

Melissa's eyes widened in awe. I gauged her reaction, half expecting her to squeal and dash down the corridor like a kid during Christmas. That was the usual response when someone saw my place for the first time. It was the reason I spared no expense. The foyer, brightened by the skylight, was enhanced by the custom mahogany floors. The light shone down on my collection of rare, original art prints. The artwork was behind glass and carefully curated.

She stopped in front of each one, studying each piece in silence. Without a word, she continued to the main room, pausing in the entryway. I mirrored her smile when her gaze darted to and fro, not sure where to begin.

"It's a conceptual studio layout-"

"Studio?" she snorted, arching an eyebrow my way.

"I suppose it's slightly larger than the traditional studio that comes to mind," I smirked.

"By a lot," she muttered with a chuckle. She started in the living room area.

"It has a continuous flow." I followed her, watching her fingers glide over the back of the leather sectional. I ticked off the 60" flat screen TV, the state-of-the-art Bose sound system, the imported, one-of-a-kind table from Italy. She barely even looked at any of it.

She turned her attention to the dining area.

"All custom made." I patted the sturdy, solid surface. When she said nothing, I pulled off my tie. Tough crowd.

She had to at least appreciate the sunroom that led out to the balcony and the priceless view of the city. But she walked right past it, sliding onto one of the barstools that lined the granite countertop. She peeled off her jacket, draping it on the seat beside her.

"You have a beautiful place, Logan," she said finally. "Breathtaking, even."

"And you haven't even seen the bedroom," I joked, hoping for a smile. An eye roll. Something. The sides of her mouth lifted slightly then dropped.

"Okay." I swiveled her to face me, going serious. "Talk to me. What's wrong?"

Her eyes glittered like crystal. "Nothing. I mean-" She drew a shuddering breath. "I feel like I'm in a movie. The view, how perfect and unique everything is." She left me hanging, biting her lip instead of finishing her thought.

"Talk to me," I repeated tersely. When she raised her chin defiantly I changed tactics, stifling the frustration and trying tenderness. "I'm supposed to be the dark and mysterious one, remember?"

Her eyes sparkled, her lips spreading into a grin. "True." Her internal debate continued for a few moments more, then she sat up straight, crossing one leg over the other. "Okay. Your place is gorgeous. That's obvious. I can see the care and money that went into every square inch of this place, from the floor to the skylight. But none of it feels like home. I don't see the warmth that lights up a room when you walk in." She hopped from the stool, her eyes piercing to the bone. "It just doesn't feel like you."

And I thought that she'd gush over my state-of-the-art furnishings. Melissa showed me just how foolish I'd been to expect her to be like any other woman I'd brought here.

"Warmth? Not many people would use that word to describe me." I listed a few greatest hits. "Cold. Vicious. Calculating-"

She crushed her lips against mine. Her taste lingered when she pulled back.

"Then they don't know you."

She said it so simply. Effortlessly.

I almost believed it.

"Besides, where are the pictures?" she continued, faking confusion as she searched high and low. "Is this a 'studio' or a museum?"

I pulled her into my arms, an idea springing to mind. I whipped my cell out, bringing up the camera. I extended my arm, getting both of us in the frame.

The guy on the screen was happier that I'd ever seen him. She fit in my arms like a missing piece clicking into place, counting down the seconds until we made the moment last forever.

"1, 2, 3-"

The screen changed, my assistant's name flashing across the screen. My thumb hovered at the decline button until Melissa elbowed me.

"Maybe it's an emergency!"

"Then she'll leave a message." When Melissa shook her head with disappointment, I conceded, eyes rolling to the ceiling. "Yes, Amanda?"

"Mr. Mason!" Her voice was breathy, like she'd just run a marathon. "I-I know you didn't want to be disturbed-"

"Yet here we are." Melissa glowered at me and I tried to dial down my annoyance. "What is it?"

"It's about Delilah."

Here we go.

"She reached out and is interested in meeting with you."

Hope sparked, but I didn't whip out the champagne. There was always a catch with Delilah James. "So you're telling me she'll sit down with me without the media?"

Melissa's face brightened. I didn't have the heart to tell her not to get her hopes up.

"No media, no drama," Amanda confirmed with a sigh. "She does have two conditions though."

"Of course she does," I growled, slicing a hand through my hair. "What does she want?"

"She wants to meet at your studio, and she wants Melissa to be there."

Anger roared through me, shredding any goodwill Delilah garnered by finally cutting the crap. She was up to something. I could feel it.

Chest heaving, I bit off a "stay available" and ended the call.

Melissa came to me, putting both hands against my chest. She waited until I calmed down before she spoke. "Isn't Delilah meeting with you good news?"

"Not when she's demanding for you to be there." I swept my fingers through Melissa's locks, cupping her cheek. "I don't trust her. And I won't put you in harm's way."

Melissa looked troubled, clouds rolling through her blue eyes. "Neither do I, but I can take care of myself." She stood taller, her voice strong. "Let's do it."

CHAPTER FOUR

Melissa

I was pretty sure Logan was more nervous about Delilah coming over than I was. It made sense on one level-they hadn't talked since Delilah went public about her pregnancy-but he was stealing glances at me, like he was worried I'd melt down at any moment.

He stopped pacing, his eyes narrowed with concern. "You need more water?"

I raised my half full glass. "I'm fine. Maybe you should have a drink?" Something to calm you down?

"Oh, I'd love a drink," he said wistfully. "But I'm sure whatever hidden camera she'll have in tow will pick up on the alcohol on my breath. I don't want to add any fuel to the fire she's created." He gripped the counter. His anger was as bright and blinding as a camera flash. "And now she wants to drag you into this mess."

I reached over and put my hand over his. "I came back. I chose to be with you. That means I dragged myself into the mess."

My words didn't alleviate the tension pulled tight across his face and body. He was dangerously close to snapping.

I squeezed his hand. "Maybe she'll play nice."

"Right," he said sarcastically. "Because she doesn't do anything without an ulterior motive."

"Calculating, just like you, huh?" I said pointedly, shrugging off his scowl. "People are wrong about you. Maybe you're wrong about her."

A buzzing sound reverberated from the foyer.

His face froze over. I almost pitied Delilah or anyone that had the misfortune of coming face to face with Logan Mason after crossing him.

When the elevator finally opened, the nervousness I'd kept at bay stampeded over me. My mouth was painfully dry, my throat felt swollen shut, and my hands wouldn't stop shaking. Sure, Delilah and I squared off in Pleasure Point and I let her know I wasn't afraid of her, but things were different now. She wasn't just an ex anymore. She was the mother of Logan's child.

I prepared myself for the same loud, obnoxious entity to come strutting in like she owned the place, but that wasn't the Delilah James walking my way.

She wore an oversized white t-shirt, leg-hugging jeans, and nude colored flats. Her red hair was mostly hidden by a floral scarf, shades hiding her eyes. She pulled them from her face, her other hand shooting to her belly.

Her voice was low and somber. "I appreciate you seeing me, Logan."

He and I exchanged a look, both of us surprised by the woman before us. He recovered smoothly, silently moving through the foyer toward the dining area where I stood. I watched Delilah waddle behind him like she was about to pop at any moment. I stifled my eye roll and forced a smile. At the end of the day, I'd take the actress over the diva.

"I know we started off on the wrong foot, but I'd like for us to at least respect each other." I held out my hand. A part of me expected her to laugh at my olive branch. I braced myself for her righteous indignation, reminding me that she was an award-winning actress and I was just Jane Nobody. Instead, she shook my hand, a tight, painful smile stretching across her face.

"I truly want us all to start over." Delilah released my hand and stroked her tummy. "For this little guy or girl, I'm willing to forget that you were f**king my boyfriend."

That didn't last long. Good to know the crazy is alive and well.

I didn't speak the obvious, but the cat most certainly didn't have Logan's tongue. "I have no time for nonsense, Delilah."

She looked calm, but the insanity was plain in her wide eyes. And she was still smiling. A crazed-looking thing that would have made the Joker run for cover.

"It's fine, Logan," she said solemnly. She even held a hand over her heart. "I forgive you. I even forgive your whore."

"Whore?" Was this really happening? Could she be that deluded? "Look, I'm just trying to be rational about all of this-"

"Bravo!" She clapped her hands furiously before whirling back to face Logan. He was gaping at her like she was a wreck unfolding in slow motion. "A round of applause for the skank who stole you away from me. She's trying to be rational, after all. Very grown up of her. Never mind the fact that she snaked her way into your bed-"

"Stop. Right. There." Logan cut through Delilah's rant. His voice sent chills down my spine, the authority in it making it impossible to disobey. She went several shades paler, backing up toward the elevator. Both hands on her belly.

In that moment, I truly felt sorry for her. Not because she clearly had a screw or five loose, but because she never really had Logan at all. To have him was to know him, and there was genuine fear in her eyes, like she thought he'd strike her. Hurt her. Logan would never do such a thing. She was infatuated with him, maybe even in love. How could she love him and not know him at all?

"You said you wanted to talk," Logan said tersely. "But it's clear you're still intent on playing games. This meeting is over."

She raised her chin, red locks sticking out wildly. "Now wait a second-"

"I'm talking," he snapped.

She zipped her lips, nostrils flaring.

"This is how it's gonna be," Logan proclaimed. "I want to know who your obstetrician is. If they are determined inadequate, we will find a new one. I will accompany you to your appointments. I will be a part of our child's life."

Delilah squealed with delight, busting out a few moves from her happy dance. "Babe, this is going to be-"

The look of sheer disdain on Logan's face shut her up.

"Don't mistake my desire to be involved with all matters related to our child as a move towards reconciliation. There was no us. There is no us. I want no contact with you outside of our child - "

Delilah gasped. "But I - "

"Here are the terms. You will keep me informed on all medical information and appointments, and when the time comes, we will discuss shared custody." His voice darkened. "You will refrain from talking to the media about me and your pregnancy. And you will be cordial and respectful to Melissa." His eyes flashed dangerously. "If you ever call her anything other than her name again-"

"You'll what?" Delilah stormed forward, her eyes tiny slits of fury, her words just as venomous. "You think you can threaten me? Bark orders at me and I'll just follow?" She cut her eyes to me. "Has he shown you his chest full of his special toys, Melissa? Strapped you to his bed and spanked you until you howled his name?"

My stomach lurched, the burn of jealousy choking me. The idea that he was ever with her, that she ever shared the bed that he and I shared made me sick.

"She's your sub," Delilah spat, hurling her eyes back to Logan. "She has to obey you like some animal, not me." She let out a haughty scoff. "Do you know who I am?"

"Do you know who I am?" Logan countered.

There was a terrifying calm in his voice. A calm that made Delilah take two more steps toward the exit.

"You will agree to my terms, or our future interactions will be through our lawyers." He walked to the couch, leaving her flabbergasted and red-faced. "Make your choice, Delilah."

She looked at me, then tossed a look his way, then dropped her eyes to the floor. "I think you know what my choice is."

"Say it," he said brusquely. "I want to make sure we're on the same page."

When her lips parted, I expected a string of obscenities to come flying out. Instead, she whispered two words.

"You win."

I shook my head sadly. She still thought this was a game? Couldn't she see that she was the only one playing?

She sounded off everything on his list. "No press, I'll keep you updated and involved with all the baby appointments, and I'll play nice with your...Melissa."

Logan looked right through her. "Good. You can go."

Even from several feet away, I could feel anger radiating from her. She wanted to raze the building to the ground. She wanted to make us pay. She didn't follow through with either. She patted her stomach, threw me a final, silent 'screw you', and stomped toward the elevator.

I waited until it should have dumped her back in the parking deck before I moved, my brain rushing to catch up with the rest of me. I knew this was just the first wave of the epic battle to bring the baby into the world with as little drama as possible, but I felt optimistic. He sank into the couch, and I dropped onto the cushion beside him.

"It's a good start, Logan."

He had a faraway look, the set of his jaw confirming his doubts. "I doubt she'll go 48 hours before she goes to the media, bemoaning that I'm holding my billions hostage unless she plays nice with my mistress."

I slid closer, her words still stinging. "I'm pretty sure she'll use a different word. Whore, I believe it was?"

He winced. "She really is a good actress. I thought I saw something in her once. Something misunderstood." The anger slowly morphed into sadness and regret. "I don't think I knew her at all."

I could tell her words weighed heavy on him, even though he'd never admit it. He was too strong. Too stubborn. So I took a cue from his playbook. "She seems to have your number. Chest full of toys...I still haven't experienced the whole bed and whipping thing though."

He sized me up, his smirk the best kind of bad. The right kind of trouble.

"I don't think you're ready for a spanking. No holds barred." He stroked my knee and traced my inner thigh, sending a flutter of desire over me.

I wanted him.

I needed him.

I scooted closer, my voice thick like syrup. It was as unrecognizable as the woman inside me who was about to beg for the pain. For the pleasure.

"It's okay. I'm giving control over to you," I said hoarsely, deciding I was equal parts turned on, curious, and terrified.

His smile broadened as he leaned in, kissing my check.

"Give?" His lips stroked my skin, making me tremble for him. "I take what I want, Melissa. And right now, I want you."

CHAPTER FIVE

Logan

She stood before me. Beautiful. From the long blonde hair that hung loosely to her waist to the curvy line of her hips. Her thick ass that was begging for my hand.

She was a new submissive, mine to mold. To care for. To dominate. I wanted to do bad things to her. Push her to her limits. Show her the freedom in surrender. But I needed a moment to catch my breath. The dark hunger in me just wanted to bend her over the couch and spank her until her ass was red and her body shuddered with tears--because she was mine to do with as I pleased. Pain, pleasure, I decided what she needed. But at the moment, I was still pushing Delilah from my mind. My anger ripped at my chest. The barbs of it dug deep and played dirty.

I would never touch Melissa in this space with anger in my heart. But once I'd exorcised Delilah, all bets were off.

Melissa had come prepared, switching into a Rolling Stones t-shirt that hugged her in all the right places. Her jeans clutched her as sexily as any G-string and garter belt would. But I was never a big fan of lingerie. There was something beautiful about a woman wearing nothing but her curves.

Melissa's eyes were bright and wide with anticipation as I strode toward her. I drew my fingertips up and down her arms, watching the lust dance across her face.

"I think we both know you're wearing entirely too much clothing. Take it off."

"You're not going to rip it off?" she asked. Not sarcastically, nor in any combative way.

She wanted me to rip it off.

I circled around and stood behind her, feeling the heat of her body. The want. I traced the length of her spine ever so softly. So soft, so gentle, that she glanced at me over her shoulder, a question in her eyes. Did I touch her at all, or did she imagine it? When my hand lingered on her ass, she hitched a breath, anticipating the blow. Craving it.

My c**k twitched excitedly as I let out a chuckle. "There are other ways to punish you, love." I stroked her lower back, my fingers drawing a slow, teasing circle. My touch was tender. My voice was not. "Why are you still dressed?"

She scrambled to undress, her jeans first. In our rush to get out of the office earlier, I'd forgotten that she was going commando. The sight of her bare ass and the delicious view of her pu**y made my body hum with anticipation. I had plans for her body, the perfect way for her to submit.

Finally naked, she turned to face me, crossing her arms against her br**sts. Her cheeks were rosy with nervousness and arousal. She licked her lips. "What now?"

"Follow me."

We left the main room, bypassing the guest bathroom, and continued down the hallway toward the master bedroom. She gasped as soon as we entered. As badly as I wanted to pull her to the bed and screw her brains out, I gave her a moment to take in the view.

If the rest of my studio was defined by the art, the furnishings, and the top of the line gadgets, my living quarters were defined by its simplicity. There was a simple platform bed, a nightstand, and an entire wall of windows stretching from floor to ceiling. She stood in the glow of the afternoon sun, the San Francisco city line hugging her beautiful body.

The perfect instrument sprang to mind. I wanted her spread and as breathless as she was now, staring at the beauty outside while I stared at something infinitely more so: her hot, wet pu**y.

I went to the bed, pulling out the drawer. The frame was custom built, the extra storage tailor-made for my needs. To the average, unaware eye, it was just a drawer for linens and a blanket. But it had a false bottom. I found the notch that unhinged the sheet of wood and lifted it, my eyes falling to all manners of kink. I zeroed in on the small, cylinder-shaped rod with a circular hook on each end. I placed it, and a pair of cuffs, on the bed. When I looked back at the window, Melissa was looking back at me, her lips slightly parted.

"What is that?"

"A spreader bar," I answered smoothly. I picked it up, wanting, needing her more by the second when I realized she was tracking it with interest. It was the perfect moment to remind her who was in charge.

"Turn around."

Her blue eyes narrowed on the bar, then back up at me, still round with curiosity. Her lips gave me her submission. "Yes sir."

Cuffs in one hand, spreader bar in the other, I moved soundlessly toward her. I took my time. I wanted her to feel every minute, every second. I let her senses heighten her arousal. The chill of the air as its icy cool fingers stroked her na**d skin. The rush as she tried to gauge where I was and what came next, her heart thrumming in her ears.

I stopped behind her, my own heart ravaging my chest, blood storming my veins, engorging my c**k as I pressed my body against hers. She let out the tiniest moan, a deep and vibrating thing, pushing her ass back against me. Teasing me. The need inside me wanted to just tear open my fly and thrust inside her. Fuck her right against the glass. I did neither--there was a beauty in this ritual, ultimate pleasure found in my dominance and her submission.

My body growled as I took a step away from her, propping the spreader against the window, cuff in each hand.

It was time to begin.

I drank in her side profile, a wave of pride consuming me when she didn't sneak a look at me. I knew she was dripping wet with curiosity. But she kept her eyes front and center, just like I'd commanded. She had a need inside of her, something lying in a secret place that was just waiting for the right person to unlock the door and set her free. Waiting for me.

I took a knee beside her, opening the first cuff. "A spreader bar is a type of bondage equipment designed to keep the submissive open and accessible to her Dominant." I locked the cuff around her ankle, then circled around to her left side, wrapping the second cuff around her other ankle. "First comes the cuffs, then you'll spread your legs for me. I'll fasten the spreader to the cuffs. Your movements will be restricted, your body mine to do with as I please."

I drew my fingers up her calf as I rose. I traced my way up her thigh, hand resting on her ass. She swallowed hard, muscles in her throat gyrating, betraying her nerves.

Being a Dominant wasn't always stringent rules and spanking. Sometimes it's anticipating what your submissive needs and giving it to her. So I silenced the urge to spank her and instead planted a kiss on her shoulder.

She exhaled, her lips quirking into a smile.

"Spread your legs." I inhaled the warm scent of her arousal and grabbed the spacer, my c**k as hard as the metal in my hand. I positioned it between her legs, using the notch to find the appropriate length. I clipped the cuffs onto the ring on each end and stood back, marveling at her. Spread eagled, hands at her side. Waiting patiently.

Delilah was quickly coming a dull buzz in the back of my mind, my heart and body syncing to this moment that I was sharing with my Melissa. Nothing else mattered.

I peeled off my shirt and unzipped my pants, my c**k forcing its way to freedom. I tossed the clothes aside. Melissa was still looking out the window, but I saw the muscle twitching at her temple, her toes clenching, body adjusting to the unnatural position and her lack of control.

"Look at me."

She turned her head, eyes as gorgeous as the pale blue sky enveloping me.

I stroked her cheek, smiling when her eyes darted down to my cock. She licked her lips then caught herself, cheeks blushing bright red.

"Sorry," she mumbled. My eyes dropped to her lips. Swollen, quivering, and slightly bruised from all the lip biting.

There was something missing.

"Technically you didn't disobey me. Eyes face front." My voice was low and thick with my own desires. I turned my back to her, returning to the drawer. I picked up the missing piece. "I wasn't specific. Allow me to be very clear now." I took a step toward her. "I'm going to make you want to scream my name with my fingers--then my cock."

She tried to turn and teetered, the spreader bar keeping her off balance. "Want to scream?"

"This ball gag will muffle most things. 'Red' and 'green' will be discernible." I let my words sink in, having no doubt that she was ready. As her Dominant, it was my job to push her limits--but I'd never harm her or ask anything of her that she was unable to give.

I held the gag, only one question left to be answered. "Are you ready?"

She looked at the rubber ball, then raised her chin. "Yes sir." She made a perfect O with her mouth. The rubber ball was snug and in place as I buckled the strap.

I could no longer wait to touch her. To feel her juices coating my fingers.

I drew my finger down the seam of her ass, my c**k straining, needing her when I felt how wet she was. She was drenched, her body licking my finger as I plunged it deep inside her. She threw her head back, a long, deep moan filtering through the holes on the gag. As I drove my finger deeper, letting the sounds of her body fill my ears, fill my body, I built up the speed, pumping in and out.

Her nails dug into her thighs, every pant, every shudder felt like her hand on my cock. Stroking the shaft, massaging my balls. The sound of her pleasure, the clinking of the cuff with the spreader bar, her wet, juicy body...I could wait no longer.

I unhooked the bar from one end, saying the hell with the other. "Bend over," I ordered her huskily. "Hands on your ankles."

She obeyed, her pu**y ripe for the taking. The roar in my ears was a craving only Melissa could fulfill. I wouldn't be whole until I was inside of her.

I guided my c**k where it belonged, the world melting away as I rocked into her. Our bodies crashed into each other until all that was left was the fire of release. Building, hurtling me to my peak.

"Come with me, baby," I breathed deeply, gripping her tight, feeling her body clench. Her moan was suppressed, but it was a shout of elation to my ears. It matched the one that clawed from my throat as I came.

Fingers shaking, pulse racing, I unhooked the ball gag and tossed it aside. It was the sign the scene was over and she turned to me, dropping her head against my chest. Arms looped around me and held me tight.

"I didn't even think the word red," she murmured. She peered up at me, her eyes open and filled with a love I never thought I'd find. "What we have? I never want it to stop."

CHAPTER SIX

Melissa

I wasn't sure how long we stayed wrapped up in each other, but the city was nearly dark, the windows in the buildings that lined the street twinkling in the night sky. This was my bliss; his arms around me and his scent clinging to my skin. I didn't need anything but this.

My stomach begged to differ.

My hunger bellowed in the silence. His hold on me slackened and I looked up at him, slightly mortified.

"Wow," he mouthed, eyes agape. "Was that me or you?"

I elbowed him, laughing with something else entirely consuming me. This playfulness, these tingles in my stomach, the way my heart soared in my chest - this was a whole new world for me. My laughter tapered off as he held my face in his hands. I never knew that love was something that I could not only feel, but something I could reach out and touch.

I hooked an arm around his neck and pulled him close, lips pressed against his. Was there a part of him that wasn't tantalizing? Even the sweetest kiss made me soaking wet, the memory of him inside me making me arch into the embrace.

Screw food.

I was ready for round two.

He grabbed the hand that was snaking its way to his cock. He pressed a kiss in my palm, his eyes hot with passion. "You want more?"

"Oh yes."

He closed my hand, a smile teasing his lips. "Food first, little sub."

I pouted, but I let him walk away. Mostly because the sight of that man's chiseled behind was a devastatingly hot thing to behold.

"What are you in the mood for?" he called from the hallway. "I can arrange for some groceries, but I believe I have the stuff for sandwiches. Or I can order in."

I pulled my t-shirt on, hopping after him as the panties came next. "Not in the mood for anything in particular. Sandwiches are fine."

I walked into the main area, eating up his muscular chest as he filled a glass with water. He brought the glass to his lips, and I felt a fluttering between my thighs. He glanced in my direction, an eyebrow hitching. I dropped my head, kicking myself. He was like the Submissive Whisperer. He knew what I was thinking before I could even think it. And I was just broadcasting 'I'm hungry, but the only thing in your kitchen I want is you.'

He filled a second cup with water then brought it to me. It was hard to grip the glass when all I could think about was how badly I wanted to grip him, but I managed. I guzzled the water, trying futilely to snuff out the lust that raced inside me like some wild, feral animal.

I traced the rim, avoiding eye contact. "I'm sorry."

When he didn't follow up, I snapped my gaze to his. He had that same inquisitive look he had on his face when we first met. Trying to decipher my code.

"What are you apologizing for?"

"I know we're not in the bedroom, so the Dom and sub stuff doesn't apply, but I..." I didn't finish, realizing that the knot in the pit of my stomach wasn't hunger. It was dread. I'd felt this before. Trying to be sexy for Jason, telling him how I desired him, and I was met with him pushing me away. Telling me that not everything had to cycle back to sex. And here I was, barely able to think about anything other than Logan f**king me over the counter.

"What we have, I know it's new and fresh and everything is happening so quickly, but I want you to know that this isn't just sex for me. Just because I can't take my eyes off you, I don't want you to think that's all I'm about." I picked at my nails, not wanting him to see the pain that rushed to the surface. "I'm not just some sex crazed nympho."

"Melissa, I love every part of you. The stubborn part, the sensual part, the part that put everything else on pause to take a moment to appreciate the view back in the bedroom."

I met his eyes just in time for a stupid tear to escape from my eyes and race down my cheek. I swiped it away angrily, holding up a hand to stop him from coming to my rescue. "I'm fine. Really."

"Uh huh." His voice was low, but the sarcasm came through loud and clear. He waited expectantly for a few minutes, not saying a word, until he sighed and turned to the fridge. He pulled out meat and cheese. "Mayo? Mustard?"

"Just mayo," I answered softly. I still wasn't ready to answer the real question. If I told him what was going on, I'd have to admit that I was still picking up the broken pieces that Jason left. If I thought tears would ruin the after sex glow, mentioning my ex would kill it dead.

I pushed off the counter, flashing him a smile that he missed because he was concentrating on opening the bread. His eyes were narrowed and pensive, like he was defusing a bomb.

"Need a hand?" I said, forcing some cheer in my voice.

He passed me the bread and grabbed two plates. "I know I haven't done this in awhile, so I could be a little rusty." He put the plates side by side. "What we have is a relationship instead of an arrangement. But it's not always hot sex and cuddling if memory serves. The relationship part means we talk about the hard and uncomfortable. We're supposed to be there for each other."

I dropped two pieces of bread on one plate. "I know."

He put both hands on the counter, putting the sandwiches on the back burner. "How about I start? I built my company up from nothing. We were barely a blip on the radar, and now we're a multi-billion dollar corporation. With all this shit with Delilah, the board is pressuring me into taking an extended vacation."

My heart went out to him. "I'm sorry, babe." I worked in marketing--image was everything. If you Googled Mason Acquisitions a few months ago, you would have gotten a totally different result than now.

He gave me a sad smile and turned back to the jar of mayo, stabbing his knife into the container and slapping the mayo onto the piece of bread. "I'm just trying to make the best of the hand I've been dealt. Damage control."

"I get it." I arranged the bread side by side and stepped back. "I know all this drama with Delilah is probably reminding you why you don't get all tangled up with someone--"

"I'm glad that I'm tangled up with you."

As if I could fall for this guy any harder, he combed his fingers through my hair and kissed the tip of my nose, our foreheads touching while he stroked my cheek. "You're the only thing keeping me together right now."

I wasn't sure if it was his eyes or the sheer nearness of him, but the words came rushing from my mouth.

"I've been thinking about Jason."

Logan reared back like I'd just spit on him. "What?"

"Oh no!" I said, realizing that sentence alone sounded really bad. "It's not like that. Me and Jason? We're done. Period. But he's still there. Lurking beneath the surface." I needed to do something with my hands, so I started piling the meat on the bread. "I got so used to feeling like sex and desire was routine. Not as important as love. Sex was just something we did. And for me to want it all of the time, to want him to be aggressive and take me, use my body for his pleasure--it was the ultimate sin." I closed the sandwich, wishing I could close that chapter of my life. Wishing it was that easy. "Being with you...I love every minute of it. I just don't want to screw it up." My nostrils flared, a terrible thought scratching through my mind. "I just got you back, if I lost you again-"

He pulled me back where I belonged, head against his chest. I relaxed in his arms, reminding myself that what we had was different. He wasn't Jason. Love with Logan wasn't black and white. All or nothing.

Love with Logan was freedom.

"Any man that ever made you feel anything short of incredible is out of his mind."

He fisted my hair and I arched into him, our lips colliding. There was no breaking for air, no concern for anything but discovering how many kisses it would take to make the world fade away.

His cell jingled over on the couch and he paused the onslaught, giving me one final peck before he made his way to his phone. Sensing the huff that was descending on me, he threw me a smile over his shoulder. "Normally, I wouldn't answer, but I'm playing friendly with Delilah. It could be about the baby." He picked it up, frowning at the screen. "It's not me. Must be you."

"Me?" I said, making a face as I joined him in the living room, swiping my purse. I dug into the side pocket I kept my phone in. A three-letter word had my heart thudding in my chest.

'Dad'.

We hadn't talked since the blowup at the office. Not that I expected him to approach me. I knew my dad. He'd bide his time, making me second guess and stew in my anger until it was a black hole inside of me. Then I'd be left with guilt and remorse, and I'd end up apologizing. The whole song and dance usually took weeks, not days. And this was a first. He was calling me.

I accepted it, a smile hiding behind my lips. Maybe the outburst in the office was what we needed. Maybe he was finally starting to see that I needed a father, not a boss.

"Hey Dad!"

"Melissa, can you tell me why our phone lines have been clogged with calls from the press? Something about you stealing the boyfriend of some actress?"

The smile disintegrated. "Let me explain-"

"Oh, this should be good." His voice was brusque. Callous and unfeeling, as usual. "What have you gotten yourself into?"

CHAPTER SEVEN

Logan

"Still pouting?"

I knew the answer. If I could have my way, we'd be in bed. Those big blue eyes would be wondering what kinky thing I had in store. Her long blonde hair would be like a wild halo; the sun streaming in golden, just like her skin. Instead, we were on the road just outside of Sacramento.

From the way Melissa had completely shut down last night, I had a feeling her father had made some sort of ultimatum, ordering her home as soon as possible. She had barely said a word the rest of the night. She only took a couple of bites of her sandwich before she retreated to the bedroom.

She didn't have to say the words, but I knew she needed the space, so I backed off and attended to my business. Checked the earnings reports, eyed potential investments. When I went back in the bedroom where she was tossing and turning, face twisted with a struggle she couldn't escape in her dreams, I rescheduled my meetings the following day. I slid into bed beside her and I held her. I tried to cherish the moments. The way she leaned into me like she couldn't get enough of my touch. I knew she wouldn't be happy with me in the morning when I told her a car would be taking us to Sacramento so she could iron things out with her father.

After she spent the better part of the morning hours telling me she didn't want to see him, then relenting slightly and telling me she'd see him, but alone, she'd finally conceded altogether. She warned that I'd see with my own eyes how she and her father were like oil and water.

Other than a 'no' when I asked her if she wanted to stop for coffee and a 'whatever' when I got her a mocha that she begrudgingly drank, we did very little talking. But as the miles between us and our final destination became fewer, she started fidgeting.

"I can have Mike pull over so you can stretch your legs if you'd like."

"It's an hour and forty-five minute drive, Logan," she fired back. "Not a cross country road trip."

The Dom in me wanted nothing more than to get the driver to roll up the partition and spank her for mouthing off, but I kept him under lock and key. The fact was, I had no idea about the details of her relationship with her father, besides the obvious strain. She had every right to deal with the stress of seeing him how she deemed fit.

I was so used to taking charge, so eager to fix something since things in my life were a mess, that I didn't consider that I was overstepping my bounds.

Too late to go back now. Just have to make the best of it.

I leaned back against the leather seat, saying something I should have said before we embarked on this road trip. "Tell me about your father."

She gave me a wilting look, her lips pulled into a scowl. "We're almost there. You'll know all about him soon enough."

"He's a businessman, I'll know what he wants me to know about him," I rebutted sharply. When she angrily snapped her attention to the window, I cooled my temper. I'd all but thrown her over my shoulder. Her father had ordered her home, and then I ordered her to accompany me to straighten the whole mess out. Both of us made demands of her and forced her hand. It ultimately didn't matter if I thought I was doing the right thing.

And it wasn't a completely selfless act on my part. I wanted to meet the man, show him that I wasn't the tabloid ass**le that was plastered all over blogs and magazines. I wanted him to see I loved his daughter. But in my rush to prove myself, I put Melissa's needs second. That was an error I was dying to correct.

I wanted to know her, to get her to go to an uncomfortable place. I couldn't ask that of her and not do the same. "I never met my father. My mother spoke of him of course, but none of it was good." I reached for a bottle of Evian, wishing it was a bottle of vodka instead. Delving into my past was more than uncomfortable--it was dangerously close to unbearable.

Referring to the woman that gave birth to me as a mother after what she did felt false. I gave the Brysons, the family that adopted me, as little of my heart as I could get away with, but if a woman deserved to be called 'mother', it was Rose Bryson. She was the one that put ice packs on my fists after a fight, the one who made me freshly baked cookies for good luck before a test. She was the one that worried about me and told me that I was special after I got so used to thinking I was a mistake.

In the back of my mind, I always wondered if my father missed me. I should have hated him--my mother planted the seeds from the moment I'd unwisely asked where he was. But there was always a drop of curiosity that never ran out. I wondered what it would be like if my father had never done what he did and my mother was normal. But Melissa was proof there was no such thing as normal. Everyone carried around the broken pieces of splintered white picket fences.

We pulled closer to downtown. Sidewalks and modest storefronts were shoulder to shoulder with new construction. Downtown Sac was getting quite the facelift.

Melissa probably knew the way from here like the back of her hand, but her attention was elsewhere. Her eyes focused on every street lamp, every mailbox, every sign. I'd forced a reunion on her--I wouldn't force her to talk until she was ready.

The driver eased to the curb. I didn't need to strain my detective muscles to figure out that the small huddle of people clustered near the entrance were paparazzi. Melissa finally looked at me. There was no anger, no fight in her gaze, just weariness.

"Take me home," she said flatly.

I gave her a nod and she leaned forward to tell the driver the address. When she sat back, she tiptoed her fingers until they brushed against mine. Her other hand gripped her phone, typing out a message with her thumb.

Once we were in motion, relief rippled across her face, rounding her shoulders, releasing the tension in her body until her fingers roped between mine and she clutched my hand.

"This will be strike three," she said quietly. "I doubt he'll come meet me."

"Strike three?"

She listed her offenses one by one. "The first was doing anything that called into question that the Fosters are anything but Family of the Year material, the second was not dashing out here as soon as he called, and the third was not coming up to the office."

"He's in Marketing," I shrugged. "Surely he knows that you avoiding the paparazzi right now is the wisest course of action."

She looked down at our hands, a sad smile lining her lips. "I deserve the walk of shame. I have to atone for breaking the cardinal rule: I acted anything less than perfect."

My chest tightened. I thought no father at all was a worst fate. But a life of striving for the impossible took the prize. And I'd brought her back here, back to that man.

"I'm sorry for insisting," I said, capturing her gaze and searching for forgiveness. "Let's just go back to the city."

She leaned in and kissed my cheek, her words a murmur against my skin. "Half an hour, then we can head back."

We pulled into her apartment complex and she tensed, probably expecting the paparazzi had made their way here as well. She exhaled when the only traffic was residents making their way to their vehicles with briefcases and backpacks with sleepy-eyed children in tow.

I told Mike to go grab a bite and be back in a half an hour, then followed Melissa inside her apartment.

"It's kind of a mess," she warned, "But make yourself at home."

From the brown microfiber couch and photographs of her and friends, even one of Melissa and her father, it was easy to feel relaxed and at home. I'd never noticed how my place lacked warmth until this moment. Her place looked like someone actually lived there. Loved there. Mine was a meticulously arranged photo shoot for some magazine. Beautiful to look at, but lonely.

Knocks descended on the door, and Melissa looked so shocked that a breeze would have knocked her out flat. Shock faded into wariness as she moved toward the door and stopped.

"I'm right here," I said firmly.

She nodded slowly, biting her lip. Taking a deep breath, she rushed forward like she just wanted to get it over with. She barely had time to step out of the way before a man barreled into the room. The first thing that came to mind when I saw him was elementary school. I was scrawny then. A target--until I started standing up for myself. He hadn't even said a word and I knew he used his muscular build just like those bullies had. Throwing his weight around to intimidate.

He looked like he belonged in a ring instead of an ill-fitting two-piece suit. His salt and pepper hair was buzzed short, probably a military man. His facial features were hard and thick, frown lines souring any resemblance to Melissa. Except for the eyes--there was no mistaking the fact that she had her father's eyes. His deep blue gaze chewed me up and spit me out.

I had to hold back my chuckle. I hadn't met a significant other's parents since high school. I hadn't been nervous then, and I was even less so now.

He sized me up as I joined Melissa's side. Manners dictated that I extend my hand, but the man was clearly spoiling for a fight. I wouldn't waste my time, or his, by going through the motions.

Melissa was the first to speak. "Hey Dad."

He looked at her like she'd just called him an ass**le. From the way he puffed out his chest, breathing fire, 'asshole' would have been appropriate.

"'Hey Dad'?" he seethed. "That's all you have to say to me? Yesterday afternoon the phones were tied up with reporters. Who knows if we lost potential clients? Then last night, I called you and you hung up on me." He shook his head with disgust. "I decided to do my own research about this situation. This scandal-" He tossed a look of disdain in my direction. "-this man...it's not wise to get involved in any of it."

He focused on his daughter. There was still a good ten feet between them, but Melissa trembled like his massive hands were on her shoulders, trying to shake sense into her. "What did I always tell you?"

His answer hung in the air and I waited for her to fight back. But the woman I'd met was nothing like the one that was all but cowering beside me.

Like he could smell her fear, he drove forward, but I stepped in between them. I shook with emotion, but it wasn't fear. I could see the scars of years of emotional abuse, neglect, and hurt all over Melissa. I'd be damned if I would let him cause her another iota of pain.

"That's far enough," I growled.

"Look, boy," he spat. "I don't care if you have more money than God. She's my daughter-"

"I remember, Daddy." Melissa's voice should have gotten lost in the back and forth between me and her father, but there was something so painfully calm in her words that both of us went quiet. Her voice, her body didn't shudder. She looked past me to her father, standing up a little taller. "Appearance is everything. Nothing else matters--including me."

"Now wait a minute," he began.

"Oh please," she snorted. "There's nothing more to say. The press will go away once the next inevitable scandal hits. I'll work remotely for a few days, and once they realize they're wasting their time, they'll move on. I apologize for any inconvenience I caused you." Her voice was cold. Strictly business. And as tough as he talked, I could see it hit him harder than any blow could.

She moved to the door, opening it and stepping out of his way. "Thanks for stopping by."

He didn't put up a fight, marching right out the door. He paused on the welcome mat. "We'll discuss this later. Alone."

She closed the door without another word then went to the window. She peeked in between the blinds, waiting until his car started and pulled away before she faced me.

There was no anger. No tears. No emotion.

"Still need to know what my dad is like?" she asked weakly. She didn't wait for me to answer. "I'm ready to go, Logan."

CHAPTER EIGHT

Melissa

I thought that we'd hit peak madness already. The first instance of crazy was the point where I told him that I loved him when we barely knew each other. I'd only said that word to two other people--my dad and Jason. Dad was a given. We had our differences, and while his face made me want to rage at this moment, I still loved him. And Jason? That was years in the making. Slowly falling until I had no other choice but to admit that he had me.

The second wave crashed into me around the time that I realized that dating Logan Mason meant having a boyfriend worth more money than I could wrap my mind around and tangling with Delilah James. Oh, and he was going to be a father. I felt like any rational person would at least need a moment to catch their breath. Not me--I dove in headfirst.

But both of those things seemed like anthills to the mountain that was springing up in the middle of Logan's living room. Tiny bumps in the road, and here comes the crater to swallow me whole.

I'd made a dumb joke about wishing my father out of existence. I knew it was crass, and I didn't mean it of course, but saying it out loud seemed like a form of therapy--until Logan gave me the most chilling look I'd ever seen. He'd uttered the words that sliced me down to the bone.

Me too. It seemed like a fitting reaction, the perfect end for the man that raped my mother.

I didn't need a pen to connect the dots. It was in the undercurrent beneath his words. The ache in his eyes.

Logan was the product of rape.

I heard a buzzing sound in my ear, a painful clench in my chest. "Oh my god, Logan! And I was just making jokes about it, making light of it-"

"Babe, you didn't know. Now you do."

His words were indifferent and I took a step forward. My first thoughts were to throw my arms around him. I wanted to take away his pain, but I doubted my hug would even dull the agony. And his body language, shoulders angled away from me, eyes trained on the window, told me that he didn't really want to hug it out.

It would have been patronizing anyway. A flimsy band aid on a gushing, bloody wound. I stood there, scouring my mind for the right words to express how sorry I was. But I felt useless, my thoughts a muddled mess of good intentions and terror.

"I don't know what to say." I could feel the weight of this in the air, in the taut lines of his body. In the silence.

"I didn't, either," he answered. "My mother told me when I was six."

"Six years old? What the hell is wrong with her?" I gasped when I realized that I was outdoing myself in the foot and mouth department this afternoon. I had no idea what she had gone through, her reasons behind telling her awful story to her son.

I wouldn't have been surprised if Logan told me to get that hell out. I'd been talking crap about my father the whole ride back to San Francisco, how he didn't see me, and I didn't know him and he didn't know me. Logan didn't know his father either--except that he'd done something horrible to his mother.

"There's no good way to react to the bomb I just dropped." He gestured for me to join him on the couch. Even though I could see the hurt still burning in his eyes, it seemed he had whatever demons lying beneath the surface under wraps. I still hesitated before I followed him, mortified that I'd made light of death, about pain. In the face of what he had to endure, my issues with my father seemed pointless.

He leaned back into the cushion, and a flash of guilt cut through me when naughty thoughts raced through my head. Appropriate timing or not, the man made the most mundane things, even sitting, look sexy. Our eyes met and the smile returned to his lips, broadening and forcing out the darkness that cut his angular jaw.

"Is that a professionally honed skill, or are you just good at reading me like a book?" I said, trying to cool the heat in my cheeks.

"It's one of my many skills," he winked. The playfulness in his voice didn't linger. "With you, I have the pieces of the puzzle, I know how it all fits together. The pieces click together, but the picture is always changing. I keep finding out new things about you. Falling harder for you. And I want you to figure me out. I don't want any secrets between us. Secrets are like carrying around poison. Sure, it's easier to keep things to yourself, hide it away, but eventually, it'll bleed into everything."

I knew his words were true. I bit my tongue so often that I was surprised I could taste anything but blood. Even though I kicked my dad out, I managed to not tell him how much he'd hurt me over the years. And all the love in the world couldn't dull the secret I hid from Jason--that I worried he'd never love me as much as I loved him. It ended up being irrelevant in the end, but maybe if I hadn't carried it around like a stone in my gut, things would be different.

"You'd think my father assaulting my mother and her decision to keep the product was the most horrible secret she had to carry around." Logan shifted his gaze to meet mine. "But it didn't compare to the one that landed me in the system. She tried to kill herself because she couldn't stand to look at me."

I gasped, covering my mouth in horror. "Oh, Logan, I-" Words failed. I couldn't even fathom what walking around with that must have done to him as a kid. He talked about not having a lot as a child, being bounced around in the system and being picked on by his classmates. It was too much for him to bear. Too much for anyone to bear.

The tears wouldn't stop coming. I didn't know what to say, how to make it better. So my heart broke for him. And he was the one holding me as I sobbed, stroking my hair, whispering that it was going to be okay.

Once I could draw a breath without my whole body shaking, he took my face in his hands. His gaze drew over every inch then he kissed my lips. I straddled him, our bodies fitting together effortlessly.

"I thought I was doing myself a favor by keeping people out, because the alternative was gut-wrenching pain. But I couldn't stay away from you. I couldn't keep you at a distance. My past helped shape me into the man that I am. I can't promise we won't have bad days; that we won't have days when we both just want to take the easy route out. I can't promise it will be easy. But I can promise that I will never let you forget that you're the best thing that's ever happened to me."

We kissed like I didn't have snot practically oozing out of my nose; like my eyes weren't bloodshot, like I wasn't a hot mess. We kissed like love was the reason for existence. We kissed like we were making up for every kiss wasted on everyone that came before. We kissed like we had forever, and forever started now.

We almost didn't hear the buzzing coming from the foyer, but there was no missing the buzzing combined with Logan's phone going off, sending vibrations through my thighs.

He gave me one last kiss and pulled it from his pocket. I stayed in his lap, peppering kisses up and down his neck as he made a groan that was equal parts approval and annoyance at whoever was on the other end.

"This is Logan." His hand was stroking my back, but he stopped, a frown on his lips. "If she's not on the list, why are you calling me? You're the head of security, handle-" Logan nearly forgot me altogether, moving to leap to his feet before he mouthed an apology. I hopped off and he rose, his voice rising with him. "She said she works for Delilah?" His eyes narrowed suspiciously. "What's her name? What does she want?" Whatever the man was saying was just making him more angry, so he just shook his head, growling into the phone. "Just send her up."

He tore the phone away, dropping it on the couch as he straightened his shirt and brushed his hair from his eyes. He looked at me, almost pulling a fast one when he told me it was no big deal.

"What's wrong?" I asked, dread burning my throat. "Who is it?"

"Delilah's assistant, Mackenzie." His nostrils flared. "She said it's about the baby."

I gripped his hand, squeezing it supportively. "I'm right here."

The elevator signaled that she'd arrived, the doors parting. The girl standing before us looked too young to be assisting anyone. She had a cherubic face that was only amplified by her exaggerated makeup, jet-black hair, halter top, leather pants, and sky high heels. When she saw Logan, she looked like she was going to vomit. Or run for cover.

"It's okay," I called out to her.

Her Bambi eyes flicked in my direction, then back to Logan. She took a worried step forward, debating going back downstairs or following through with what brought her to Logan's doorstep.

Her voice was high pitched and shook with her visible nervousness. "No one else knows I'm here. And if she knew I was here she'd-" Mackenzie made a slicing motion across her throat.

"Look," Logan advanced, his tolerance level officially tapped out. "You're going to tell me or-"

"Babe," I said softly, trying to calm him down before the poor girl passed out.

He looked at me, drawing a breath before he faced her. His demeanor changed, his voice becoming more accommodating. "You're safe here. Mackenzie, right?"

She nodded, her bottom lip quivering.

"Okay," he added a smile for good measure. "Just tell me what's on your mind."

She looked at me and I gave her a nod.

Her shoulders slumped. "You're going to be pissed. I told her nothing good would come from it, but she just loves you so much." She lifted her eyes to meet his and set fire to everything. "The baby's not yours, Logan."

