1

I don't know what I'm doing here - kneeling before a toilet bowl in the second floor men's restroom of a swanky hotel.

Oh wait. I do.

I'm trying to get through college, trying to make up the payments because my Mom lost her job. It isn't her fault. In this economy, her company was retrenching half the staff, and since she was only two years into the job, that qualified her to take less of a package than the oldies. So she's the one who has to take the fall.

The only problem with having so many retrenched people around? The jobs are scarce. Waitressing is good, but since I came in so late on the game, all the good jobs have been taken up. Morton's. McCormick's and Schmick's. Giordano's, home of the deep dish pizza.

So the only gig I can find is this one - being a maid in a hotel in downtown Chicago. It pays relatively well for what it's worth since it's a five-star hotel on the Magnificent Mile and everything.

As for my Dad? He blew when I was ten.

Don't get me wrong. I'm not wallowing in self-pity. I'm too busy scrubbing the toilet bowl in this stall until I can see my face on the concave surface, besides my reflection in the clean water. That's how Mr. Mangorean likes them.

"Not one atom of grime must be discerned, Ms. Turner. We host Presidents and Secretaries of State."

Well, there was only that one time during the Democratic convention, I want to say. But I don't, of course. And I didn't know grime was measured in atoms.

"So make sure it gleams, Ms. Turner. Gleams."

There's a fanatical gleam in his eye when he says this. I figure Mr. Mangorean is one of those people who love their jobs too much.

Still, I'm grateful to have a job. Any job. And so I put my head down, scrub until my right arm aches something awful. My reflection in the porcelain is that of an average-looking, dark-haired college junior. OK, I'm on the fairly attractive spectrum, but I'm nothing to shout home about. It's not like I'm a cheerleader or something. The hot boys were always interested in my friends and roommates, never me.

It never bothered me. Mom and I were just trying too hard to get me into college, and now that I'm in - to keep me there. Survival just got in the way of boys.

Outside the stall, the door of the restroom whines open.

Drat.

Typical of people. They just ignore the 'CLEANING IN PROGRESS, PLEASE DO NOT ENTER' sign at the door and waltz in as if they own the place. I mean, neither do I (own the place), but at least I know how to avoid wet hotel bathroom floors. There was this one time that I almost slipped on one, the klutz that I am, and I've been avoiding them ever since.

Footsteps. The clippity-clap of men's shoes on the wet linoleum. If he should slip and sue the hotel, I'm so not going to be responsible for this.

I wonder if I should give a shout-out like "Excuse me, sir, but did you notice the yellow sign outside the door? I'd really appreciate it if you'd go to the restroom downstairs."

The one that doesn't have an atom of grime in it last time I checked, since I've just cleaned it thirty minutes ago.

I don't have to be anal about this. Maybe he's desperate to take a leak. Maybe it's an emergency.

The footsteps stop. After a while of not hearing anything else, I cautiously peek out of the stall.

A man is standing before the large mirror that stretches all the way across the wall with the multiple black marble sinks. And not just any man.

He's the most gorgeous man I have ever seen.

I'm not just saying that. He really is, according to his reflection in the mirror. He has smoky eyes that look ... well, I'm not sure what color they are from this distance ... but they are half-closed and framed by the longest and most beautiful lashes, as if he's contemplating something important. His brow is slightly furrowed, and he's got the cutest little depression in his forehead just in between his frowning eyebrows.

His dark brown hair is longish and just kisses his shoulders. His lips are full and lush. And oh, his body beneath his charcoal grey suit. He's wearing the suit - but his body is extremely tight. I can tell about these things. I've never had personal experience in touching a body like that, but I just can tell from my fantasies, you know what I mean?

A man who looks like that should be off-the-charts illegal. So what's he doing here in this forbidden-for-thirty minutes-of-cleaning restroom? My restroom?

(Oh yeah, now I'm getting possessive about public restrooms. I'm just one step to becoming Mr. Mangorean.)

He's so fixated with his own reflection (I know I would be too if I were him) that he doesn't notice me.

He's muttering to himself: "Damn, damn, damn, Fuck. Damn the bastard ... to hell." He grimaces and turns on one of the taps. Then he leans over the sink to splash water onto his gorgeous face.

He's even hotter when he's wet.

Amid the sound of the running water, he still doesn't notice me as he raises his face - water-streaked and glistening like a river god's.

He says, with heat, to his own reflection, "You're not going to do what he tells you. This is the f**king last time."

His accent is a little off. He speaks perfect English, of course, but he doesn't talk like everyone around here. He's not British. He's not Canadian. I can't really put my finger on his accent, but he's only said very little, so far.

I should really give him his privacy.

Hell, he should give me my privacy.

I clear my throat and creep out of the stall, still holding my brush in one hand. The one that has been scrubbing away the atoms of grime.

He still doesn't turn.

"Excuse me," I say loudly. My own voice echoes weirdly in my ears. "Excuse me!"

The man swivels his head. His eyes widen in surprise as they see me.

I wave my brush. "I'm cleaning up in here, so if you'd like to use the first floor restroom, it will be a lot more private." If there's no one else in it, of course.

I think his eyes are a marvelous blue-green. Oh my God, they are dreamy. This is the last time I will ever see them, so I'd better soak them in while I can.

I'm staring at him and he's staring back at me. I don't know. We must have stared at each other for the longest time, or what I believe is the longest time - because time seems to have frozen for me. And even the trickle of sweat that runs in between my butt cleft seems to travel ever so slowly ... as the atoms of electrified air between us freeze.

Of course, I'm sure it's only stopped still for me. With him, the clock is ticking on as normal. My clock is ticking somewhere inside me too - I can feel it in my pulse.

Ba dup. Ba dup. Ba dup.

My breath catches in my throat.

The edges of his mouth crinkle and actually turn upward.

"Hi," he says softly.

Hi?

I almost turn around to see who he's saying 'hi' to. Because men who look like that don't say 'hi' to me. Least of all a maid on her knees who is half in and half out of the open door of a toilet stall.

"Hi," I squeak back.

His wonderfully-shaped lips part ever so slightly and his nostrils flare as he takes me in.

"Hi," he says again. He splays his hand. "I'm just, um, cleaning up here."

I don't know what's going on with me, but I can only mutely stare up at his face. You know that feeling when all your senses flee you and there's this all-powerful electromagnetic attraction that consumes you and makes your guts go upside down and inside out and all squelchy? Well, my roommates tell me that all the time but I've never personally experienced it.

Until now.

I feel like the floor has suddenly dropped from under my feet.

It can't be just his looks. It can't be.

"Are you all right?" he says, concerned.

I realize I'm still on the floor. I hastily put down the brush, and oh - I do feel a little woozy. Blood has definitely drained out of my head and into my goodness-knows-where, but I experience a tightening in my most intimate of places.

I recognize it as primordial lust.

Oh my God. I've just met this man whom I will never see again ... and I'm lusting after him?

"It's not lust," I can hear the voice of my roommate, Deanna, telling me. "It's love at first sight. I'm telling you. You'll know when it happens."

"There's no such thing," I scoffed at her then.

No one can fall in love at first sight. It's always lust. Some animal attraction that implodes you. But here it is. And I don't want to think it's just lust. I can't seem to get up. My knees have turned to shaky pudding. My insides have melted.

No, not lust. It's kismet.

Like I've just met my karmic soul-mate.

With a couple of steps, he's at my side.

"Hey, you all right?"

His warm hands are touching my arm, my shoulders, buoying me up. His touch on my skin is electric. I feel flushed all of a sudden, and I definitely feel faint.

I rise shakily to my feet, his arms holding mine. Up close, his face is breathtaking. His skin is incredibly clear and soft, and my lungs are completely depleted of air. The air between us is as thick as molasses.

We are facing one another - very close. His beautiful face swims in my vision, and his warmth seeps into me. Those wonderful lips curl in a knowing smile, and before I can tell what is happening - they close in onto mine.

Oh my God.

I think I've just spontaneously combusted.

Air is stoppered in my throat as his lips meld against mine. His lips are pliant and oh-so-nuanced. I can't even believe this kiss is happening (and why oh why would he be kissing me?) and for a stretched moment, I'm too terrified to kiss back. Not that I remember how to kiss in this petrified moment. My brain is so hollow and numb that I can only be but a receptacle.

The pressure of his lips intensifies, and I can feel his hands going round to my back, and he's oh-so-warm, and he's groping for something on my back.

(it's my uniform's zipper.)

(Oh my G - )

Without missing a beat, he unzips my maid's uniform - a plain black dress with white trimmings. And all this while, he doesn't stop kissing me. And he's parting his lips and his tongue is darting out, and they are parting mine, and I'm letting him roam inside my mouth - that lovely warm wet sweetness of his mouth - and he smells like mints and aftershave and expensive everything. And oh, oh, he's removing his mouth from my lips and placing little wet kisses on my chin, and neck, and down my neck ... and throat ... and his hands are parting the two halves of my dress at the back -

And he's pushing me into the stall I just cleaned

(why is he doing this? What can he possibly want with me?)

But now I'm fully engaged. My hormones are running berserk and I'm really into this now. I'm lusting as I've never lusted before, and by all accounts, so is he. He's rougher now with my clothes, and he tears my dress off, and it catches on my hips, but he rips it down anyway.

Before I can step out of it, he's on my brassiere - the cheap one I got from Target - and he rips that off easily too. He's shrugging out of his jacket, dropping that expensive woolen thing on the floor (clean, thank God!), and I'm reaching for his shirt buttons, and undoing them one by one while he kisses my mouth, throat, everything -

And he's clawing at my underwear - from JC Penney's, and I'm clawing at his shirt and ripping it off his shoulders and arms. Oh - his naked skin - how glorious that tight body is under his clothes. (I was right.) His skin is a rich golden cream under the yellow light, and it's so silky, and his muscles are so smooth and sculptured under that silken skin that I can roam upon forever.

I'm suddenly naked, and so he's unbuckling his belt and kissing me and shrugging off his pants. I can't even tell if he's dropped his underwear (which is sure not to be from Target's, I'll bet), but he's so heated up now that he presses me against the wall - that cold tiled wall with the cerise borders - and he grips both my thighs so that my feet are off the floor. My shoes have come off without me knowing it. His flesh is all around me - hard and soft and sweet and smooth - and he's leveraging me against the wall, and I can feel his hardness poking me down there ...

And finding me ...

"I've never done this before," I want to say, but I don't because I'm too caught up with his sweet, swollen kisses.

And oh!

A sharp pain expands me, and pricks me, and there's the rush of his warm c**k into my pulsing and very ready sex, and his lips have not left my mouth.

We lock mouths and tongues - twisting and entwining - as he moves inside me. His c**k gushes in and out of my soft and very wet virgin passage. Because that's what I wanted to warn him about. Through high school and half of college, I've remained a virgin. (No time to have a boyfriend and have sex.) And I've never caught on to what the hoopla is about, and so I have always been a little afraid of this -

This all-consuming, wonderfully warm and invasive penetration.

This sharing and melding of bodies, this grinding of hips against hips, this marvelous sweet melty sticky merging of flesh and fluids. And he's pounding so hard into me that I don't feel any pain at all, merely the sweeping of a rushing vortex, and bliss, and the glorious moist velvet expansion of his flesh within mine. And it's a cocoon that I want to dwell in forever, and oh -

Oh

Oh!!!

Ohhhhhhhhh!

I cry against his lips, and he holds me even tighter as my body shudders and contorts into a helpless mess, and I can hear him cry out against my neck as well - an explosion of sound within his chest - and the vibration of his chest wall against my br**sts. His molten liquid se**n geysers suddenly into me, and it's -

Oh no

Neither of us has used any protection.

But my mind is running too much of a marathon to care, and I'm still riding on the crest of some infinitesimal heavenly wave, and I'm imploding, and exploding, and fusing, and defusing ... and I'm collapsing against him, and he's allowing me to collapse against him, and he's holding me so tightly as he pumps out the last of his hot se**n into me.

We are both panting and descending as he withdraws his c**k from me. And I look down at his organ for the first time - that wonderful rod that has been inside me - and see that it's large and red and dripping with white cum. And there's a streak of my dark blood amid all that goo, and my heart quails and simultaneously swells at the sight of it.

His underwear and pants are not even off. They drape around his ankles, and he's letting me down on the floor now. At least, my feet are touching it. But he still holds my waist to support me, as if he's not sure he can let me go yet.

A funny look comes over his blue-green eyes as he looks at me, and he's suddenly embarrassed. Like he's looking into the eyes of a stranger.

Which I essentially am.

As he is to me.

"I'm sorry," he says hoarsely, bending down to pull up his pants. "I don't know what came over me."

I can only pant in reply. I'm still not grounded, I think. I'm still floating in that eyrie of consciousness between orgasm and its slow aftermath.

"I'm sorry," he says again. There's a hint of regret (oh no) in his eyes as he zips up his pants and gathers his clothes from the floor. "I should have used a condom."

I can only watch all this in a vague haze. I get the impression that this is a man not used to regrets, or helplessness, or anything he would consider 'weak'. Indeed, even as I gaze upon his features, they rearrange and recompose themselves.

He puts his shirt and jacket back on and he's a mask again. His shoulders are straightened, and now fully clothed, he's a portrait of Adonis. Virile. Studly. In control.

"I should get going now," he says. That hint of uncertainty that he has only momentarily revealed to me is gone. "Thank you ... it was nice."

He doesn't look at me. Without another word, he hurries out of the stall.

I can only stare helplessly at the open door as his footsteps pad away. The handle of the main restroom door wrenches open and the door shuts with a firm thud.

That's the last I will ever see of him.

I lost my virginity to a gorgeous stranger.

Was it worth it?

Hell, yes.

The strength drains out of me in torrents, and I slowly sink to the floor on my naked haunches, shivering.

What have I just done?

2

I had a one night stand, that's it.

So I'll never see him again. Guys like him would never be seen with a girl like me out in the open. I get that. I'm totally all right with that.

I'm back to reality.

I'm cleaning toilets again, and this time, I have Cassandra Pelicano with me, making sure I don't stray and accidentally make love to another gorgeous young man in a public restroom. To make fully sure, I put up not one but TWO 'Cleaning in Progress' yellow barricades in the doorway.

As if that's ever stopped anyone.

"Did you hear?" Cassandra says.

"Hear what?"

"The Presidential suite is swarming with security."

"Why? Is the President coming?" Again? He must really like the restrooms in this hotel.

"Nah. There's some European royalty, like a king of some small but rich European principality or someone important."

"A king. Oh really?"

I'm not really paying attention to Cassandra. She has a tendency to shoot her mouth off about the most trivial of things - especially concerning the guests, which I don't think is that appropriate. I mean, you don't want to crab about your customers, right? Word might get around.

"Yeah, and he's got his entire entourage with him. They are holding a party in the Grand Ballroom on the Mezzanine tomorrow night. Mangorean says we might have to get involved if banqueting's short."

"Overtime?" That mightn't be such a bad idea.

"Yeah."

I'm thinking of the tips. European royalty, huh? I wonder if they tip in Euros.

"Only if banqueting's short," Cassandra warns, "so don't get your panties in a twist."

"I'm not." Besides, I really have to study.

If I only knew how Cassandra's 'panties' remark would come back to haunt me.

3

I'm changing out of my maid's wear in the locker room when Mangorean barges through the door.

I squeal as I duck behind the open locker door. I'm in my bra and panties. No - not the same bra and panties that got so casually ripped off by Gorgeous Stranger. I'm not the type to save soiled panties as a memento or anything (the thought is icky to me.), so I put those in the washing machine and let the grime and my blood wash away.

Oh yes. I bled after that. For minutes, I think. He must have ripped my hymen up good. I don't feel any pain, but I still bled.

It's a good kind of bleeding, I convince myself. It was time I got laid anyway.

Anyhow, Mangorean has no notions whatsoever of laying me (ugh, that's another icky thought) as he points his finger at me behind the door and barks, "Anna called in sick. You're on."

"On what?" I grab my T-shirt and quickly bulldoze my head through one of its holes. (I'm not even sure which one, but my head seems to fit.)

"Banqueting. In the ballroom. Now."

"Now?"

"Now."

"Do I get overtime?"

Mangorean rolls his eyes. He doesn't seem to think that barging in on one of his employees half-naked necessitates an apology.

"Of course you'll get overtime. You're not gonna quibble over this with a man in desperate need, are you, Turner?"

"No," I say in a small voice.

He makes to go and I make to pick up my maid's uniform again, and then he turns. "Oh, one more thing, Turner. You're required to be in costume. It's one of those themed parties."

"Costume?" I squeak.

4

I enter the ballroom through one of the back doors, feeling self-conscious. Elizabeth Turner, I tell myself sternly, you're not going to go far holding your breath all the time this way. So breathe in and out and act natural.

But it's difficult to be natural when you are wearing a skimpy Arabian harem costume. Yes, one complete with a diaphanous veil and gold threaded pantaloons and all. My bustier is a fake jewel-and- sequin studded number that must have taken a season to sew, so they are not skimping on the help's costumes, you can be sure of that.

I have a fairly good body, though nothing spectacular. My br**sts - recently crushed against Mysterious Stranger's well-muscled chest - are medium-sized. Thank goodness my abs are flat, even though I don't technically have 'abs' in the physical fitness sense. My hips are just right. I would like to think my hips are the best part of me.

I think what I'm trying to say is that I carry the harem costume fairly well ... in the sense that I won't send anyone in the ballroom running and screaming for the exit.

The ballroom is decorated with dazzling swaths of purple and vermillion cloth on the walls and all the way up to the ceiling - the effect is to evoke a pleasure tent, I suppose. The tablecloths are all decked in similar fashion.

I'm carrying a tray of canapes and circling around the guests, who are all dressed in gorgeous designer gowns I will never be able to afford on three years' salary. It's like an Oscar party, only the guests are not as TV beautiful. The guest of honor has not arrived yet, and I think it says on the invitation card that all the other guests have to arrive well before the man who is currently occupying the Presidential suite.

"Hello, little lady," says a man with a Texan drawl as he filches a canape off my tray. He tries to pat my rump, but I dart away in time. "Not very friendly, are you?"

"Please, sir, I'm just here to do my work."

I vanish behind a trio of matronly ladies who resemble the Queen of England. (Yes, all three of them are probably sisters. To each other. Not the Queen.)

A chorus of trumpets sound. How quaint. I didn't think they did that anymore. The guests all troop excitedly to the sides to line the red carpet that divides the center of the ballroom. We waitresses and maids who are doubling as waitresses stay well behind the lines.

The King of Moldovia arrives. He's dressed in his state robes with more medals and pins than Colin Powell. I have since learned from Cassandra Pelicano that:

Moldovia is a city state in Southern Europe with a very historical monarchy and very abundant casinos.

I'm a doofus for not knowing that (OK, I have heard of Moldovia, but I haven't necessarily registered it in my brain).

I'm a doofus for not knowing anything exists outside America. (Not true. I do know about Prince William and Kate.)

I can't catch a glimpse of the King amid all those heads in front of me, and anyway, I'm not supposed to. I'm supposed to stand back with my tray with all the other servers and look demure. Or interested. Or attentive. Or all three.

The King goes down the ranks, greeting the guests. The men bow and the women curtsey. I didn't know people still curtsied, and so I find that extremely amusing, like royalty is supposed to be a class above us. (I don't think I would have made it in medieval times, I'm so egalitarian.)

Once the fanfare is over with, the guests disperse and we servers swarm to mingle with them. Tray after tray of canapes is emptied, and I'm tired of serving canapes after a while, and so I swap to a tray of champagne glasses. These require even more handling care, and so I have to weave my way very slowly though the guests.

Now and then, I catch a glimpse of the King, a handsome silver-haired man who is a cross between Jay Leno and Prince Philip, the English consort to the Queen. (Or maybe it's because I've got royalty on my mind.) He seems very stern, forbidding and displeased about something. Or maybe that's his usual expression.

I hear snatches of conversation amongst the guests:

"And where is - ?"

"Carousing, no doubt, what a disappointment."

"Ssssh, he'll hear you."

"He's no doubt thinking the same thing. Such a scandal that is causing."

"It's no scandal, darling. The young man isn't even married!"

"Yes, but it's due to be announced any time."

"Where's his wife, the Queen?"

"Back in Moldovia, I hear, in the summer palace."

A commotion ripples through the throng of people near the entrance. Heads turn. Obviously someone new has entered. I'm preoccupied with balancing my champagne tray, especially since people have started to put their empty glasses back upon it, and so I don't notice.

I go back and forth, replenishing my tray. When I return to the ballroom for the tenth time, an extremely beautiful woman sweeps down my path, stopping me in my tracks. She doesn't acknowledge me, of course. I can't help noticing the red ringlets that run down her bared back and the gorgeous green gown she wears. Large emerald earrings the size of pigeon eggs droop from her earlobes, which are unfortunately not egg-shaped.

Ok. I'm being mean. But she's so graceful and gorgeous and everything I'm not that I can't totally dispel my pang of envy.

She makes a beeline for a crowd of people. Or rather, someone within the crowd, seeing as they part for her to enter.

"Darling," I hear her gush.

The gowns swirl to reveal her target. And I almost drop the tray of fluted glasses.

There he is. My Gorgeous Stranger.

He's wearing a white tuxedo, and he's so handsome that I positively have to grab on to the tray for fear of smashing it onto the floor. The beautiful woman goes up and gives him a kiss. Or at least, she attempts to kiss him on the lips, but he averts her mouth in time. She catches him on the cheek instead and leaves her red imprint.

Uck. I hate women who do that.

Apparently, my gorgeous stranger does too. He wipes off her kiss with obvious distaste.

"Natasha, you know I don't do PDA."

I can't help overhearing their conversation, being as close as I am.

"PDA, darling? What is that?" Her accent is decidedly European.

"Public Display of Affection."

"You've gone so American, darling, with your abbreviations that I can't keep up." She takes his arm and steers him away from the smiling throng. "It would seem that your father is displeased."

"What? That I got sidetracked from his party?"

Wait a minute. Something is clicking in my head, only I'm a bit slow on the catch. I have no time to make the instant connection that I should be making, however, because he suddenly sees me.

We both freeze.

Does he recognize me in this outfit? Obviously, because his eyes are shocked and staring at me in the way of an apparition. A dozen conflicting emotions flit across his face, and I'm amazed - because I'm sure I have been nothing more for him than a fifteen-minute fling. Yes, it was passionate and exciting ... for me, but I thought this kind of thing would be commonplace for someone like him.

Because he's a player, I'm sure of it. That kind of chance sexual encounter doesn't happen for an average Joe. He does this all the time, and I just happen to be conveniently there for whatever sexual demons he's trying to exorcise. Maybe he got frustrated by redheaded goddess over here. Maybe he was just having a hormone overload.

I don't know. I will never know. I'm just a maid/waitress struggling to get through college.

I expect him to avert his head. To bypass me as if I'm nothing but wallpaper. But instead, he surprises (no, shocks) me by striding over.

"Where are you going, Alexander?" Redheaded Goddess says suspiciously.

"To get a drink."

He doesn't say 'I'll be right back', I notice.

He doesn't walk. He strides - confidently, assertively in that self-possessed manner. But he's not pompous. He's merely very sure of himself.

I wish I had that kind of confidence.

As for me, I'm rooted to the spot. My mouth dries as my gut goes flip-flop, and I can feel the blood draining from my face.

He wants a drink, nothing more, a little voice tells me.

He comes up to me and our eyes lock. In that instance, I experience once again that magnetic, goose-walking-over-my-grave sensation of worlds colliding, of opposite poles that are meant to be. But I'm sure it's one-sided. I'm sure he has that effect on every woman who sees him, especially Red-headed Goddess who is glancing over at us in a peevish manner.

His eyes are sea-green and swimming with flecks of every other color on the rainbow spectrum, I could have sworn. My insides - especially down there - melt again. I can't help it. He has that power over me like no other person before, and I don't know why.

"Hi," he says in a low voice. He takes a champagne glass off my tray.

I have to contract all my arm muscles to keep the tray from shaking.

"Hi," I say back.

"I didn't know you were going to be here."

So he remembers.

"I didn't know you were going to be here either."

Am I really having this conversation? Because it's surreal.

He takes a sip from his glass. "I don't think we have ever been properly introduced. My name is Alex."

Alex. Not Alexander.

"I'm Liz. Elizabeth, I mean."

Oh my God. I think I might have forgotten my surname.

"Liz," he savors my name. On his tongue - and I remember that tongue in my mouth, oh God - it sounds exotic and seductive. "What are you d- ?"

The rest of what he was going to ask me is drowned out by a shrill voice. "Alexander, don't keep me waiting, darling."

I back off. Redheaded goddess comes over and lays her hand protectively on Alexander's arm, the one that isn't involved in holding the now empty champagne glass.

"It's only been less than a minute," Alex says wryly.

"I'm sure it's been longer than that." She appropriates the glass from his hand and puts it back firmly on my tray. She flashes a predatory smile at me that clearly says "Don't touch my property".

I shrink back. I wasn't planning on touching anyone's property. Since our last encounter, I mean, because we sure touched plenty back then. OK. My mind babbling. I better get back to work.

Alex's eyes linger on my face, and I'm the first to flush and turn away. I can hear Redhead's receding voice as she steers him away into another pocket of people.

I bump into Cassandra on the way back to refill my tray.

"So what did he say to you?" She's a little breathless.

"Who?"

"The prince! What did he say to you?"

OK. Right here, I'm going to admit I've been a little dim. I know all the clues have been telling me that Alex might be the errant and unpunctual son of the royal dignitary we are serving tonight, but I flat out refuse to acknowledge it.

"He just wanted a drink," I reply in a lame voice.

"He's soooo handsome!" gushes Cassandra. "Did you know that the Tattler has him as the most eligible bachelor alive since Prince William got married?"

No, I didn't know. I don't read Tattler. I don't know anything about bachelors and royalty, other than I got f**ked by one in probably what will be a forgettable interlude in his life.

Anyway, I don't see how Alex being the most eligible bachelor alive has anything to do with me. It's probably got everything to do with Redhead though.

My cheeks burning, I head off.

5

OK. I'll admit it.

I can't refrain from Googling Alex.

I'm in my one-bedroom rental apartment which I share with Deanna. I have my own laptop, and while I'm Googling Alex, Deanna waltzes in.

"Whatcha doing?" She immediately flops on my bed and peers at my screen.

"Hey, whatever happened to privacy?" I say, snatching my laptop away.

She grabs it and begins a tug of war with me. "I want to see. Oh wow. Prince Alexander Vassar of Moldovia. Isn't his father in town or something?"

Alex himself is also in town, I think, but don't say.

Deanna grabs my pillow and leans back on it, making herself completely at home in my bed. She seizes my notebook and puts in upon her knee.

Like, hello? This is still my bed. Not that she would have cared if I said anything.

"OK. This is interesting. He's twenty-seven years old and an entrepreneur. He owns several companies, including the biggest casino conglomerate in Moldovia and the South of France. He's worth ... oh my goodness ... a cool seven hundred million Euros. How much is that in our money, do you think?"

I don't know. I'm stumped when it comes to conversion rates, seeing that I will never get the chance to travel the way I'm going.

Deanna continues, "He isn't married, and would you look at his photos? He's an absolute dreamboat. Like, wow!"

I, like, know. He's even dreamier up close.

And naked.

"And ... he studied at Harvard ... anthropology. What a subject! You'd think it had nothing to do with running casinos. And get this, he isn't married. Why are you Googling him anyway?"

I shrug. "Because his father happens to be in the hotel I work at. So I thought to check him up. His father, I mean ... he just happens to be under the Search."

Why am I babbling and making excuses?

"Uh huh." Deanna scrolls down. "It says that his mother is an American heiress to one of the biggest fortunes here. Typical. The rich marry the rich. He has two younger sisters. One is at Yale and the other is in finishing school in Switzerland. And ... he has been linked to plenty of women in the past. Like Giselle Bundchen. Wow. And Amber Valetta."

All famous model types. Great.

Deanna shuts my computer with a snap. "Well, he's way beyond our league, so I wouldn't put my hopes up in bumping into him at the hotel if I were you."

"I'm not."

"Good. Hey, I got a blind date for you." She sits up excitedly. "His name is Kevin, and he's a senior in the Art Faculty. How does Saturday sound to you?"

"I have to work Saturday."

It's true. I really do. Not that Kevin doesn't sound appealing. But I've never had luck with any of Deanna's blind dates, hence: the virginity. They don't seem to be way interested in me. I think they are a lot more interested in Deanna. I suspect many of them are her castoffs, and she's trying to pan them off to me.

Deanna pouts. "Oh, come on. You can switch with that Cassandra person, or something."

"No, I can't switch with the Cassandra person. I really need the cash. My Mom's on the dole, remember? And weekends are the only time I don't have classes, and so I have to work."

"Oh yeah." Deanna makes an expression that says 'sucks to be you'.

She's got that right.

6

When I get into work on Saturday, Mr. Mangorean pulls me aside. He doesn't appear too pleased.

"We've had a request from one of our guests." He looks like he's eaten something that doesn't agree with him.

"Which guest?"

His mouth tightens. "The one in the Queen's suite next to the Presidential suite."

Oh. My tongue dries. I think my guts must have plunged a goodly two feet, because I can feel them in my shoes.

"Wh-what does he want?" I say.

"He asks for you to personally clean his room. A special request from his people." Mangorean's eyes narrow. "Whenever I have requests like these, Ms. Turner, I'd be on my toes. They never come to any good. If you'd remember the case of the - "

"Ambassador. I know, Mr. Mangorean. I'll be careful."

"Sued him good, she did. You can do the same if he tries anything."

Mr. Mangorean looks so earnest that I can almost hug him. None of that 'what would Moldovian royalty want with you?' kind of stuff, but then, Mangorean has seen plenty of things happen in hotel rooms in his time.

"I'll keep that in mind," I say.

Inside my chest, my heart is galloping like horses gone wild. Alexander Vassar requested for me to clean his room personally?

Why?

"You can always yell for 'help' if things get too far," Mangorean adds.

"I don't think it will come to that, Mr. Mangorean. I can take care of myself."

"I would send someone else to accompany you if it hadn't been a special request for you to attend to his room alone."

Oh. Did he?

Needless to say, my palpitations do not abate. For the first time in a very long while ... well, since our restroom encounter ... my giddy excitement begins to mount again.

I push the cart up to the Queen's suite, which is a smaller suite than the Presidential one. The corridors are rife with security, but the guard at the corner nods at me as I wheel the cart to the appointed door. He might have been briefed about me because he flashes me a knowing smile.

I flush.

Does everybody on this floor know what happened?

I'm being silly, of course. I'm nothing. Nobody. It's just a simple request, nothing more.

With my card, I swipe the door and enter.

No one is in the suite, thank goodness. Two whiskey glasses - empty - are scattered on the Victorian coffee table in the lounge. I walk to the bedroom with its gargantuan king-sized bed, and it's unmade, of course. Pillows are thrown all over and the sheets are creased, with the quilt flung back. The indent of one body - not two - is on the right side.

So he slept alone last night.

I'm nervous about being in this room, and so I set myself to tidy it up. Alex's clothes are in an unlocked suitcase. I resist the urge to open it. I'm kind of glad that he doesn't have a valet to unpack his clothes or anything, and that he is kind of messy, because his shirt drapes casually over the back of a chair, and his pants lie in a crumple on the floor.

I empty the trashcans - altogether three of them. I can find no evidence of used condoms (unless he flushes them down the toilet). And why the heck am I looking for used condoms anyway?

Focus, Liz.

I attempt to focus on cleaning as much as any maid can focus on cleaning. And it's a damned effort, I can tell you.

On the bedside table next to the gorgeous lamp, I find two diamond cufflinks. (What is this, a test?) They are on a cream-colored card which says 'To Alexander, with all my love. Tatiana.'

I take it the Redhead is Tatiana.

The main door opens. I jump and turn around. Footsteps pad on the richly carpeted floor, and Alex stands at the doorway. He's dressed in a wife-beater, which is soaked with sweat at his chest area, and running shorts. He has obviously been to the gym. His face is flushed and sweaty, and he has a towel slung across his well-sculptured shoulders.

He smiles when he sees me.

"Hi."

"Hi." My voice is tinny in my ears.

Mangorean says you have to be careful, a little voice reminds me. Yeah, careful of what? We have already done the deed, and I was a willing participant.

He stands there, just watching me - smiling. Oh, but he's so handsome, with the sun streaming through the windows lighting his dark hair into a rich golden brown. I've seen his naked arms before, but framed upon that wife-beater, his biceps appear even more pronounced.

I lick my lips. "You asked me to clean your room."

"I did."

"Why?"

"Good question." He chortles. "Maybe I just wanted an excuse to see you again."

"And getting me to clean your room is an excuse to see me again?" This cheeses me off ... a little.

"It is your job," he replies, deadpan, "and I happen to find you sexy in a maid's outfit."

OK. I think I know where this is going.

Never mind that my blood is doing Niagara Falls in my ears, and my pulse is thundering all the way down in my groin. (Yes, my groin.) Mangorean was right. Alexander Vassar does not have the most honorable intentions for me, and I find the notion incredibly sexy.

I should be outraged!

But no - my loins are melting as if a torch has been held to them.

Alex senses this. He moves closer, and I can smell his musky, sweat-soaked scent - as masculine as any love drug. Ohhhh, he's sex on legs all right. He's betting I can't resist him.

But why is he betting on me? Part of me - hell, all of me - still can't come to terms as to why he would desire me. Chalk it up to a lack of self-confidence, but my physical attributes have never been spectacular. Maybe it's the maid outfit.

Yes, I'm willing to bet it's the maid's outfit.

"You know," Alex murmurs, "I didn't know that you were a virgin when we were together the last time. You should have told me."

I don't what to say to that. He's very close now. Elbow length close. His heat emanates from his body, whose metabolic rate is off the charts due to his recent workout.

Maybe that's it. His inexplicable attraction to me. The fact that I was a virgin when he took me the first time.

He leans over and takes my face in his damp palms. His pheromones - sexy as hell - fill my nostrils. His lips press against mine, and oh - they are so heavenly. So tender and so soft and a thousand different things that courses right down my belly to the nub within my pu**y, and I feel a flower of desire open up in me.

His arms wrap around my body and his sweaty chest closes in on my br**sts. He opens his mouth and his tongue thrusts suggestively into mine. He explores my tongue and teeth. This boy really knows how to French-kiss ... maybe it's because he's European? Anyway, I shouldn't overanalyze anything. I should just be in this moment, and hope it lasts forever.

His hands move down my back - down, down, down to cup my bu**ocks beneath my skirt. It's very obvious what he wants, especially since I can feel his hardness poking through his shorts. I swear he doesn't wear any underwear beneath those shorts, and this further excites me to know that his c**k - that wonderful pleasure tool that has pounded and driven home into me - is just there, hidden by that soft, silky fabric.

We part for air.

"You know," he murmurs against my lips, "I really need to shower. And it would be great if you can join me."

OK. As tempting as that sounds, I'm going to have to draw a line here. No, it's not about the shower. His mentioning me just triggered an alarm bell, that's all. I know I'm a consenting adult ... but still!

I place my palms upon his damp chest and push him away.

"No."

He's surprised. "No? But I thought you - "

"You thought wrong." It takes my every ounce my strength to do this. "I'm not some cheap floozy you can pick up and get laid with every time you snap your fingers, Alex."

"I didn't - "

"Oh yes you did." I take a step back, and I'm very aware that behind me is the bed I have just made. The bed in which his hot body has indelibly imprinted. That very hot body that stands before me now. "And I'm not going to do it."

I'm going to regret this, I know. Every part of my Id - the primal urge that drives human beings - cries out for his touch and what must naturally occur between a man and woman who are wildly attracted to each other. But I must let my head rule in this. I mean everything I said.

I am not some cheap floozy.

That encounter in the restroom will be the first and last time this kind of stuff will ever happen for me. I'm not the sort of girl who drops her panties at a bat of an eyelash - even if it belongs to a superrich entrepreneur/Harvard alumni/European crown prince.

He's evaluating my non-consent, and probably debating if he should proceed. The narrowing of his beautiful eyes suggest that he is wary - and rightfully so.

"I don't think you're some cheap floozy," he shoots at me.

"But it doesn't give you a right to think I'm going to sleep with you every time you want it either." I'm surprised at how calm I sound. Even though I'm going shit, shit, shit - this is the last time I'm going to ever see him. But I have to be true to myself. Just because the most gorgeous guy in the world throws me a curveball, doesn't mean I have to catch it every time.

He contemplates this for a long time. There's a serious light in his eyes, and he parts his lips to lick his lower one. Even in this thoughtful gesture, he's sexy.

"I'm sorry," he finally says. His beautiful blue-green eyes are stony. "I misread the situation."

Yes, you did. No, you didn't. Oh help, I'm a helpless mess.

I move away from him. It's difficult. He's so overpowering and in your face, so I have to move sideways and then scramble away guiltily.

I don't look back. I'm afraid I will succumb.

Did I do the right thing?

Now I'll never see him in the flesh again. Guys like that don't come crawling back.

Oh shit shit shit.

Have I made a mistake? It's too late now. I'm committed.

I can't look back.

7

I spend the next few days moping. And I won't tell Deanna why.

She's all over me, of course. She wants to know why I'm so down, and why I can't seem to get my spirits up even when she bakes me cupcakes. But I don't tell her, of course.

Because I've been a fool.

I can't stop thinking about Alex. I can't stop going over and over the feel of his lips on mine ... and to be honest, his c**k inside me. I can't stop picturing his beautiful face - the most beautiful face I have ever seen. And his smile. And the way his hair gets lighted up by the sunlight.

OK. I've got Alex withdrawal ... bad. And I hardly even know him.

It'll pass, I tell myself. I reach for a cupcake in desolation and make myself bite into it. It's tasteless. Not because Deanna's baking is bad, but I can't seem to taste anything these days.

The doorbell rings but I'm too listless to get up. Deanna scampers up. I hear her opening the door and letting whoever it is in.

"Oh my God!" I hear her scream. "Liz, you've gotta come out and have a look at this!"

My heart leaps into my mouth.

I scramble to our tiny lounge. Standing at the doorway is a guy carrying the largest flower arrangement I have ever seen. I don't think I even know the names of half the flowers on that monstrous thing.

"Can I come in?" the delivery boy says.

"Of course," Deanna says. She seizes the album-sized card on the top.

"Are you Elizabeth Turner?" the delivery boy asks.

"No, but what's it to you?"

"Because I'm supposed to deliver these flowers to Ms. Elizabeth Turner and make sure she reads that card."

"Let me see that." I snatch the card from Deanna.

It says:

'Alexander Vassar requests the pleasure of Ms. Elizabeth Turner's delightful company in what he deems an official date at 7 p.m tonight. He would be over a certain planetary satellite's orbit if she says 'yes'."

"Alexander Vassar?" Deanna screeches. "The Alexander Vassar?"

The delivery boy sets the gargantuan flower arrangement down. He's followed by another delivery boy carrying yet another huge bunch of flowers ... and another ... and another.

Deanna and I can only watch, amazed.

"How do you know Alexander Vassar?" Deanna squeaks.

"Um ... it s a long story."

Soon, our little lounge is filled with the redolent scent of blooms. The first delivery boy stands before me with the card.

"So, Ms. Turner, I ... ah ... need an answer to go back with."

I eye him mutely. To say that I'm a little stunned would be to say the sky is marginally blue.

Deanna whirls to me. "Liz! I can't believe you're dragging on this any more than I can believe you held out on telling me. No wonder you were Googling him that day." She swivels to the delivery boy. "She says 'yes'. Now go before she changes her mind."

"Hey," I protest.

"What? I'm doing this for your own good. He's Alexander Vassar, for crying out loud! It's not every day you get asked to the ball by a handsome prince."

"It's not a ball he's asking me to."

"It's what you make of it. So it's a yes, and I won't take no for an answer. Or else, if you don't want to go on a date with him, I'll take your place. Gladly."

"Yeah, maybe you should."

Deanna looks at me, deadpan. "You don't mean that."

No. She's right. I don't.

The delivery boy looks from one of us to the other. "So if it's a 'yes', there's more to come before you go on your date."

More flowers?

I frown. "There is?"

8

In the next couple of hours, I am inundated with delivery girls and boys from various couturiers ("Alexander Vassar requests that this should be delivered to you").

So I have got:

A gorgeous purple gown with a shining filigree net all over it.

A pair of purple Jimmy Choos.

A (gasp!) diamond and amethyst choker and matching earrings - on loan from Tiffany's.

I know. It's a bit much.

I know I'm not supposed to be accepting all this stuff from a man who is trying to get into my pants for some inexplicable reason - but I can't help being bowled over by all this. I mean - I have never worn a diamond anything in my life. I have never worn Jimmy Choos either, and the only gown I ever had was to the prom, and I swear I looked like a curtain.

Deanna has officially fainted from all the excitement.

"Tell me, tell me how you met!" she insists.

Reluctantly, I tell her.

That's how she fainted.

"You mean ... you had sex with him in the men's restroom? Isn't that ... wow, like ... not you?"

This is why I don't tell her stuff. She makes such a big deal out of everything.

I'm tempted not to wear any of the stuff Alex sent me ... turn up in a T-shirt and jeans just to give him a message that he can't buy me. But all the stuff is so gorgeous that I can't help trying them on.

I look like a princess in the mirror. I swear - I look almost as good as Tatiana. Deanna has helped me do a makeover that goes with the dress - meaning my long hair is teased and put in curlers to achieve a wave. And my eyes are made up in smoky kohl, and my lips are rouged to go with those marvelous earrings.

"Oh wow," Deanna says. She can't take her eyes off me.

I know the feeling. I can't take my eyes off me either. I'm not me. I'm some transplanted fashion model. And to think that I can look reasonably good with the right clothes and makeup. Whoever would have thought?

"So," Deanna says, lounging on my bed, "are you going to sleep with him?"

"Of course not. I don't want him to think that he can buy me stuff ... and I'll sleep with him. I'm not that sort of girl."

"And yet you spread your legs for him when you only met him for twenty seconds."

I gaze at her in the mirror in despair. She's right, of course. Whatever possessed me to do what I did?

"I'm over it now. I won't do it again."

She pouts. "Well, if you don't want to do it with him, may I have him?"

I laugh. "He's not interested in me beyond that. I'm just a fling - something he thinks he wants ... I don't think I'll see him anymore beyond tonight."

Deanna points her pedicured toe.

"You know," she says coyly, "you could play it out. Not give in tonight, if you can hold out."

If I can hold out. I almost laugh again.

"Toy with him and keep him interested, you know." Deanna waves her foot. "Play hard to get. I mean, he's obviously hooked now. But if you give in to him tonight, he mightn't want to see you again. There are men like that."

Yes, there are.

"But I'm not sure I want to be with that sort of guy for keeps," I say.

I'm conflicted about this, of course. My head tells me I shouldn't be even hoping that this will be like a normal boy-girl relationship. And yet -

I'm over-analyzing stuff again. I should simply be in the moment. Enjoy things for what they are. Not manipulate stuff or worry about things I can't control.

That's my own good advice I should be taking.

"Oh my God," Deanna says, looking at her Guess wristwatch. "It's seven o' clock!"

I panic.

Right on cue, the doorbell rings.

9

I'm all flustered, and so Deanna sprints to the door. Our tiny apartment suddenly feels like a furnace.

What am I doing in this dress?

"Hi," I can hear Deanna saying in a voice that may possibly be brighter than a 100 Watt light bulb. "Would you like to come in? She's just getting ready."

"Nice flowers," says a male voice.

I go weak-kneed. It's inconceivable that his voice can do this to me - but it does! And he's come to fetch me himself, not send some flunky or aide.

I rush out of the bedroom. And there he is - Alexander Vassar in the flesh. Alone.

Suddenly he's plain Alex again - the Alex that I've f**ked the very first time I saw him, and the Alex who tried to seduce me in his hotel bedroom. The Alex who seems to desire me like no other guy.

He seems as stunned as I am.

"Wow," he says. "You're so beautiful."

I can't take my eyes off him too. He's insanely and beyond beautiful. He's so glorious that it hurts to look too long at him. His longish hair is a little disheveled, and the rest of his face and body is simply ... well, Deanna can't stop gluing her eyes to him either. He's dressed fittingly in a suit that shows off his broad shoulders. His shirt is white and his jacket and pants are charcoal.

His blue-green eyes are mesmerizing. And I can't help it. When I look at him, I think about sex.

Now I remember why I succumbed to his kiss in the restroom. I remember clearly, so help me.

I attempt to make a coherent sentence. "Uh, Alex, this is my roommate, Deanna. Deanna, Alex."

"Hello." Alex appears to recover some himself. Amazing! To think that I have actually impressed him with the way I look!

Deanna gives him a hug. "Well ... hello." It isn't just Alex. She's one of those touchy-feely people who hug everybody, so I won't hold it against her.

"Thank you," she says after she lets him go. She turns to me, makes a funny face and mouths 'hot hot hot!'

"So ... you ready to go?" Alex says.

"Yeah, sure."

I make to walk confidently forward and almost trip on my dress.

Alex proffers me his arm. I take it, feeling self-conscious and more than a little dazzled.

"So ... how did you know my dress size?" I say.

He dips his eyes knowingly up and down my body. "Let's just say I made a wild guess. No. Seriously. I called up Housekeeping and asked."

He called up Housekeeing and asked for my dress size? OK ... I don't know how to feel about this. On one hand, it's flattering. On the other ... it's just obsessive.

How can a guy like this be so totally obsessed with me?

"So where are we going?" I say.

He winks. "It's a surprise."

10

I'm prepared to be surprised, but I wasn't expecting this.

We are in a stretch limo, chauffeured by a driver who wears dark glasses against the setting sun. When the limo goes farther and farther out of the city limits, I begin to be worried.

"Where are we going?"

Part of me expects to be kidnapped, because this man - gorgeous as he is - is so unpredictable. He makes me tense every second I'm with him, and I honestly don't know what will happen next.

He smiles at me, and it's like the sun has gone up again. "It's still a surprise."

We rev into a moderate-sized airfield, and a plane is on the tarmac with all its engines on.

I'm immediately alarmed again. "Where are we going?"

"Up in the air."

That's obvious.

It's also obvious that this is a private plane, because it has the Moldovian crest on it. (Yes, I Googled.) The driver stops the car. Alex gets out, comes round to my door and opens it for me. Charming.

"Are you trying to impress me with your good manners?" I say.

"I believe I am."

He gives me his arm. This is an official date and I'm enjoying myself so far, so I take it and let him lead me to the steps of the plane, which is a Boeing 737.

The decor inside is unlike anything I have ever seen in a plane. The walls have oak panels running across them, and there are about eight plush seats, all arranged so that they face one another. Another compartment is boarded off. The lighting is a warm white - or what they consider warm white, seeing that it's actually yellow.

Three hostesses are standing by at attention, and the lead one - a pretty blue-eyed blonde who raises my suspicions - greet us.

"Good evening, your highness. Good evening, Ms. Turner."

Oh, so she knows my name.

"Good evening, Arabella. And will you can the 'your highness' crap? I can't abide that when my father isn't around."

Really?

The blonde sizes me up fleetingly, and beams as if to say 'I have to be nice to you even if I don't want to, and he'll dump you after tonight faster than you can flush that diamond choker down the chute'.

"Please, make yourself comfortable." Alex indicates a seat.

I do. He seats himself across a table, facing me.

"Strap in," he says. "We're taking off soon."

It seems strange to strap myself in with a seatbelt when I'm wearing such Oscar party clothing. Alex is solicitous.

"Are you cold?"

"No."

"There are pashmina shawls onboard if you need them. Arabella can pick out one for you."

"It's OK." I'm pretty warm and flushed all over actually. It's the excitement and anxiety of it all, even though I'm trying to remain calm and ice princess cool. And failing miserably. I don't even know what's a 'pashmina'.

We take off, Alex gazing at me all the way. Once we are up in the air and the seatbelt sign is switched off, Arabella emerges from the other compartment.

"Dinner will be served," she says brightly, handing me and Alex menus on an embossed cream cards. "Take your time to look through and I'll be right back."

I wonder if she's expecting a huge tip at the end.

I peruse the menu. It's one of those menus with five or six courses that will make you feel stuffed just reading it. I'm used to those menus, of course - from the other end of serving them.

For the main course, I apparently have a choice between:

Roast Lamb Provencale with julienned baby potatoes

Duck terrine with aubergines and baby carrots

Alaskan halibut in bearnaise sauce

I'm not really hungry. My stomach is in one of its spin cycles. Alex's brilliant eyes are disconcerting, especially when he won't stop looking at me.

"Do I have a smudge on my cheek?" I say, touching my right one.

"No." He laughs. "I'm making you uncomfortable, aren't I? It's just that I can't get over how good you look."

"You mean I didn't look good before?"

"No, you looked pretty damn good to me. It's just that now you look - " he waves a hand " - different. Like you belong on the cover of some society magazine."

Arabella comes in with the starters. Oh yeah, there are three starters in all. A soup served in a fashionable teacup. Lobster bisque of some sort, with a splotch of cream in it - done in the shape of a spade.

"And do you like girls like that?" I say, thinking of Tatiana.

"No. Hell, no." He laughs. "I merely thought you would like dressing up as one for a change."

"What makes you think that?"

"A hunch that you would like to try something different."

He isn't far off, though he is being presumptuous. But try as I may, I can't be mad at Alex. He's too good-looking, too intense, and he radiates an aura of authority in an 'I know what you secretly like and I'm dishing it out to you whether you protest or not' manner.

The soup is followed by smoked salmon fashioned to look like a flower. We fence and chat, finding out bits and pieces about each other. I already know a bit about him from what I read on the Internet. So he went to Eton in England, and then to Harvard.

"Why anthropology?" I ask.

Somehow, I can't get myself to relax. My stomach is in knots, and I'm finding it difficult to digest the salmon in the soup that is already swirling around in my guts. The food is extremely delicious, of course, but the unknowable factor of this man - along with my surreal surroundings - makes me feel as if I'm tethered very close to a live electrical wire that is whipping back and forth.

"I like studying different peoples, especially when they as far away from my environment as they can possibly be." He's sitting back affably, sipping his vodka on ice. Me, I need a stiffer drink than the tomato juice I'm having.

He talks about the places he has been to - Papua New Guinea, India, Russia, the Andes. To hear him speak, it sounds like he has roughed it - sleeping on the floors of mud huts, trekking across the scorching desert, scaling cliffs with zip lines and carabiners. The places that he speaks about are so different from the luxurious environment that we are in that I wonder if he's leading me on. But he sounds earnest and passionate as he describes the little mud-fortified straw houses on the savannah and the elongated necks of the Burmese tribal women - buoyed only by ringed necklaces - in the mountains.

"So how about you?" he asks me. "Where did you grow up?"

Me? I'm a little embarrassed to be talking about myself, especially when I don't even have a patch on where Alex has been to. But he hangs onto my every word, as if I'm one of his anthropological subjects he has to write a dissertation on.

"So you grew up in South Texas, huh? And your Mom, she works in a bank?"

"Yes."

"What happened to your Dad?"

"I never knew him," I say, taking a spoonful of the palate-cleansing sorbet they serve between courses. "He went away after a fight with my Mom when I was ten. Never saw him since."

Oh yes. I remember crouching underneath my bed in the room, trying to get the screaming and shouting out of my head. I hear a slap, the last of a long succession of blows and slaps over the years, and the slam of the door. That's the last I ever saw of my Dad.

Somehow, Alex intuits this.

"He beat up your Mom?"

I'm surprised. "How did you know? I never mentioned it."

"You flinched."

"I flinched?"

"Yeah. It was when you said it." He puts down his vodka and stares at my face. His intensity goes up a shade, if possible. He says softly, "Did he hit you?"

"N-no."

This man is unnerving.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"Good. Because if anyone ever hits you, they'll have me to answer to." He says this with the dead seriousness of someone who knows he can hire assassins.

Inwardly, I shiver.

Our main course arrives. I have ordered the halibut, and Alex the lamb.

"You're not enjoying your food much," he observes, seeing me cut my fish into little pieces and taking a tentative bite out of one.

"I'm stuffed, that's all."

"Liar. You're a bundle of nerves."

How perceptive.

"Well, you do unnerve me. All this," I wave my hand around, "unnerves me."

There - my frank and honest declaration.

He's solicitous again. "You don't like it?"

"I do ... it's just that ... I'm not used to it, that's all."

"You'd rather we go to Sal's diner and have a greasy burger and fries?"

I laugh. "I'm more of a salad person."

"I can tell. You have a great figure." He raises one eyebrow and lowers it again. "Don't worry. I can see the look on your face. I'm not going to jump you, Liz. Not tonight, I firmly promise. This is just a date. No strings attached."

That's good. He's not going to jump me.

Why do I feel so disappointed?

He adds, "There are chaperones all around, as you can see. The pilot, Arabella, the rest of the stewardesses. Everyone's around us to make sure I behave myself around you."

Hang on. This is exactly what I wanted, isn't it? I'm the one who pulled away from sex that last time.

And he owns the damned plane. He can tell them to stay where they are - cocooned in their pilot's cockpit or the back or whatever they call those compartments stewardesses hang out in. He still can misbehave, and they won't do a damned thing.

Right?

Nevertheless, after this admission, I find myself relaxing. I recover enough to take more bites out of my halibut, which has been steamed to perfection. Alex knifes his lamb, smiling and watching me.

"Am I really such an ogre, Liz?" he says.

An ogre? A god, more like. I like to think of him as Hermes - the mercurial messenger god.

"Not an ogre. Just remarkably unpredictable."

"I can live with that." He tips his handsome head back.

Oh, but I can stare for hours at his profile - at that exquisitely sculptured face and those deep, deep alluring eyes.

Outside, the windows have darkened into night.

"Just where are we going, Alex?"

He flashes me a smile. "Nowhere tonight. But somewhere tomorrow, I hope."

It sounds like a metaphor.

"Nowhere?"

"We're just cruising, circling the skies. This is a date thirty thousand feet up."

Ah yes. I've never had a date thirty thousand feet in the sky before.

"Sorry for not having candlelight," he adds ruefully. "Any form of fire's not allowed in the cabin."

I can't help laughing.

Boy, but Alexander Vassar has a way with him.

11

Sometime after dessert, the plane makes a circuit.

I've changed my tomato juice to a margarita, and then a vodka with lime. So I'm a little tipsy and uninhibited. I don't think I've had that much alcohol at one sitting.

I'm relaxed. More relaxed than I have been in a long while. In fact, I've kicked off my shoes and I'm now lounging back in my comfortable seat, enjoying its plushness and silky smooth exterior.

Alex is relaxed too. Relaxed enough to remove his jacket, undo two of his top buttons and kick off his shoes. He's leaning back in his chair and smiling at me.

I say softly, "Why did you ask me out on a date tonight?"

"Because I wanted to see you again."

"Why?"

"Why what?"

"Why do you want to see me again? I'm - " I shrug my shoulders. "I'm a college student moonlighting as a hotel maid."

"And that makes you different from anybody else? Better?"

I almost choke. "Better? That's not what I'm implying."

He brushes a tendril of hair from his brow. "Maybe that's the trouble, Liz. You don't accept me for who I am. I, on the other hand, completely acknowledge and accept you for who you are."

So he's turning the tables on me.

"Isn't Tatiana more your type?"

He snorts. "I don't want girls like Tatiana."

"Why not? She's drop dead gorgeous." Not to mention rich. And probably some sort of European countess, if they still make them.

"Maybe that's exactly it. I don't want drop dead gorgeous."

"And I'm not?" Part of me reels back in dismay. I think I'm getting closer to what all this is about - finally. He's being a rebel. Running away from his clique. Being everything his parents do not want him to be. Going for a girl from the wrong side of the tracks.

He leans over earnestly. There's a soft light shining in his eyes, and he is mesmerizingly and beguilingly beautiful. His generous lips stretch upward in wide invitation.

"You are the freshest, most innocent woman I've ever met, Elizabeth Turner, and you intrigue me."

Yes, we are very close now to the revelation.

So I'm different. He wants different.

"You're beautiful, Liz. You just don't know it. You hide it underneath that veneer of work and insecurity - "

"Insecurity!"

"Yes, insecurity. You're insecure, Liz. You don't think you are physically attractive, even though you are. You don't think a guy can desire you for who you are. You're always looking over your shoulder, looking for ulterior motives in everyone else when there are none."

I should be outraged. "You hardly know me, and you're talking to me like this?"

My heart is thudding. How dare he psychoanalyze me? I should storm out of here, except for the fact that we are thirty thousand feet above the ground.

"You asked me why I wanted to see you again, Liz. Is that what you'd ask another college junior in your class? Someone you'd consider your peer?" He makes it sound like it's a bad word.

"You can't blame me for being suspicious," I say in defense.

He takes a deep breath and says in earnest, "I won't lie to you, Liz. I desire you and your body, and I'm completely captivated by you and how you think. You're an enigma to me. I haven't stopped thinking about you since that day we met. Is that so difficult to believe?"

My pulse is like a beat box in my ears. Alex's eyes have darkened and his nostrils flare.

Oh my. We're going someplace I'm not ready for. And I'm not talking about sex.

I grip the armrest.

"Guys like you, Alex, they are not for keeps. Maybe I want something for keeps. Something real from my part of the world."

"And I'm not real?" A look of hurt actually flits over his face. That look - a flash of vulnerability and pain that glosses across his beautiful features - is so raw and intense that an actual pang sears through me. "Just in case you haven't noticed, Liz, I'm not some glossy paparazzi photo in a magazine. I'm flesh and blood. I have feelings, just like you. And you are making assumptions about me. You're discriminating against me."

"I'm discriminating against you?" Of all the absurd things to say!

"Yes. You're painting a stereotype of what I should be and that's unfair."

I hate to admit this, but he's right.

He holds his hands up in a gesture of placation. His face has become serene again. The twitch of vulnerability is gone.

"I'm not here to fight with you, Liz. I'm just being brutally honest. I'm attracted to you. Hell, I'm more than attracted to you ... you have no idea how much."

His eyes burn when he says this, and a deep shudder - an erotic thrill - goes through me all the way right down to the center of my pubis. I can feel my inner muscles clenching.

Oh my God. A man like this ... desiring me. Maybe even ... dare I say it? And this frightens me a little ... obsessed with me.

I don't know how I'm ever going to live up to that. The immense pressure I'm going to face - of being desired, of being wanted, of not measuring up when he finally discovers who I really am ...

Alex leans over, his face softening. "You have no idea how much I want to kiss you right now."

The air around me stills, as if it's been sucked into a vacuum. I can hear my heartbeat very acutely in my ears - ba dup, ba dup, ba dup - a staccato of anticipation in the dead calm.

Hell. I want to kiss him so badly too.

So badly like you have no idea.

It's like that first moment I met him. Call it kismet or universes colliding and all that schmaltzy stuff - but it does happen, and it's happening right now, and two people can really make an intense physical connection that can only be considered love/lust? at first sight. And I don't quite know what is happening again, only that I'm swept away in its tide.

He's out of his chair and upon me. I know he says he isn't going to jump me tonight, but here he is - it's like he can't really help himself around me, and that makes me feel powerful and desirable and crazy with lust and everything I shouldn't be. He's pulling me up to my bare feet, and I'm kissing him back. Our lips are locked in a warm, moist embrace, and his tongue is fiercely probing through my parted ones and searching my mouth.

His arms are around my back, my waist, and they are roaming everywhere up and down my body. They are on my br**sts, where he cups them beneath the fairy light material, and down to my waist again, and I'm getting so hot and bothered and in need.

My hands are traversing the length of his body too - his sides, his back, almost to his bu**ocks underneath his pants. I'm so aroused and abandoned, and his lips are so intoxicating and heady ... and everything south of my navel goes molten and in hunger and in a terrible, terrible craving to be filled -

Then suddenly - inexplicably - he stops.

What the - ?

His soft lips withdraw from mine.

"I'm sorry," he murmurs, "I know I said I wouldn't do this to you ... but I can't help myself. I'm sorry."

For answer, I do the only thing I can physically do under my feverish circumstances. My hormones are already raging in crazy currents all over my body, and it's like a fire has been ignited inside me - a spark that is being fanned by the winds of my frantic, frenetic longing.

I can't stop even if I wanted to. Oh help me, God.

I grab his hair and kiss him back. Longingly, fiercely, and with every ounce of erupted passion I have inside me.

I think we are in so deeply as to be considered gone.

We shed our clothes, not caring who walks in at that moment - Arabella or the pilots or someone else who just happens to be listening at the door. (And I'm sure they are.) He rips a little part of the delicate fabric that makes my dress in his haste to get it off.

"I'll get you another one. I promise," he says.

At this moment, I don't care if I spend the rest of my life with him naked.

For answer, I unbutton the rest of his shirt and pull it out of his pants. I fumble at his belt buckle, whose clasp just refuses to come off. He grins and takes his hands off me to undo it himself. He unzips and drops his pants. I can barely keep my hands off his revealed torso - all gleaming lines and muscle and eight-pack. He's wearing a pair of white briefs, and it's deliciously tented in the front (oh my God, I did this to him ... me!) and it's suddenly off too and down his firmly toned legs -

My mouth dries when I see his ready and fully tumescent member

which is

so ripe and bursting with sap and goodness and promise and everything wonderful and scary and

He gathers me in his arms again, and I realize that my brassiere and panties are off too, and the only things I'm wearing are my diamond choker and earrings. He's kissing me again, and down my throat ... my neck, my collarbones. These are deep, wet planted kisses, and he trails his mouth (and tongue!) down to my br**sts.

He circles my right nipple, making slow little oscillatory trails with his tongue tip (ohhhhhh). Warm blood immediately flows into both my ni**les, and they twitch with puckered eroticism, and I can feel the tiny hairs on my entire body stand up.

He pushes me gently down on my chair, and without me realizing it, depresses a button on the armrest that slowly winds the back of the chair downwards, and the footrest upwards - down, down and up, up until the whole cushy ensemble becomes a flat bed.

He presses me against that plush but firm bed. It's his hunger that undoes me.

"Please," I gasp, "I want you inside me."

"Later," he murmurs, never taking his mouth off my nipple. His hands sponge and grapple my br**sts to plump them up so that my ni**les rise even more protuberantly. When he decides that my right nipple has been suckled, licked and caressed into frenzied submission, he transfers his mouth to my left.

His fingers curl and skate down to my moist pu**y - which is practically overflowing with my juices now - and when his knuckle bunches against my throbbing clit, I let out a soft moan.

He raises his mouth. "Oh, you like that, don't you?"

I'm too flushed to nod. He continues his purposeful nuzzling ... no, nudging - a back and forth rubbing movement upon the hood of my clitoris with his knuckle that is both pulverizing and releasing. And I'm curling my fists and moaning and putting them into my mouth to chew. He spreads my legs wider, and I'm so embarrassed - I who have never been in this position. I grip any part of the seat I can get my fingers on.

And his head descends. His tongue makes a clean plunge down my stomach - which is thankfully taut - and into my bellybutton. Then down, down ... slithering its warm, wet path as it goes down. When it touches my clit for the first time, it's as though I have been set ablaze.

"N-no, Alex, please."

He holds my hips down with his strong hands. I clutch at his hair - his marvelous, silky hair - and he's relentless as he tongues and tongues my clit and nether lips. Oh, that slippery, sliding tongue with a life and capriciousness of its own. He probes it deeply into my secret grooves, and I almost come wildly.

"Please, Alex, I c-can't ... stand it."

He doesn't care, and tortures me with this delicious friction further. To add insult to my torment, he slyly worms a finger into my secret hole, which is a sopping and weeping mess. My muscles contract around his finger, and the heat down there is so intense, and I whip my head to the other side and claw desperately at his hair and neck and any part of him I can reach.

Ohhhh. He feels soooooo good. I've never had this done to me before, and I never knew such pleasure existed. It makes me feel proud to be a woman, and proud to be made to feel like one by this wonderful, beguiling man, and I'm enjoying this moment for all it's worth ... even if I know that this animalistic attraction he has for me won't last forever.

He whips up his head, and I can see his lips - red and smeared by my juices. He's smiling, as always.

"You know," he says, "I brought a condom. Just in case."

He reaches for his discarded pants.

I'm still panting. "And here I thought you said you weren't going to seduce me tonight, Mr. Vassar."

I feel coquettish and desired. A part of me I never knew existed is coming out.

"Mr." He takes out a gold foil packet from his side pocket and tears it with his teeth. "I like that. None of that reverent 'your highness' stuff."

A damp condom falls out. He picks it up and hands it to me with the most solemn of expressions, although the sides of his glorious mouth are threatening to twitch.

"Care to roll it on?" he says.

Oh no. I can't. I haven't done this before.

I can't ... I really can't.

He sees the panicked expression on my face and relents. "Next time then."

So there will be a next time?

I know ... he's right about me. I've brow-beaten myself all my life and my confidence is about as big as a speck of dust. It's going to take a lot to get it balloon into normal proportions.

He positions himself between my legs and rolls the condom onto his cock. I almost can't bear to look at it. His penis is so huge, so spectacular, so masculine, so merciless. I shut my eyes as he lowers himself upon me. The head of his sheathed penis poises at my swollen sex, ready to enter.

"Take a deep breath, Liz," he whispers as he pushes himself into me.

Oh, but it's such a rush. His flesh slams into me headlong, parting my vaginal walls in a sluice. I am so filled, so expanded. He slides into me as deeply as he can possibly go, and clutches at my waist and arms as he begins to stroke into me. His eyes hold mine, and they are bright and shining and mesmerizing as he pounds me and nails himself into me and does all things a man can physically do to a woman when he f**ks her.

I can only arch my hips to meet his, higher and higher, and he is grasping and clutching at me - my sides, my br**sts, my waist, my arms, my hair - everything. His breathing grows more ragged. His hair falls in shivery strands around his beautiful face.

He's raw sex himself. Intoxicating. Fiery. Passionate.

"Oh God, Liz, what you do to me," he groans.

A sweet elation fills me as my own wave rises and crests. That I can even do this to him and with him imbues me with my own overpowering sense of awe. I rise and crest, rise and crest like a breaker along the beach, until a sweet white explosion fills me and I completely lose all my senses.

Ahhhhhhhh!

And

Ohhhhhhh

And

a deep, sweet shudder of satisfaction washes through me.

Oh God.

This is where I'm meant to be.

Sheer utter bliss.

12

I spend the next day sleeping it off in my own bedroom. My dreams are contented and filled with smoky images of Alex.

Alex.

I can stare at him - even in a dream - forever. It seems impossible that such a gorgeous and desirable man would want to make love to me ... which he has done. Twice.

Holy amazing f**k!

In my dreams, I'm with Alex on the beach, and he is making love to me on the sands. Slowly. Languorously. Looking deep into my eyes like he's savoring every thrust into me. He's worshiping my body, if that's possible ... the temple that is me ... and he is doing so adoringly, painstakingly, oh-so-sweetly -

"Liz," he whispers, "I lo-"

Whatever he's about to say is drowned out in a whirlwind that sweeps the sands onto our bodies. Or more precisely, into my bedroom.

The bundle of kinetic energy jumps onto my bed.

"Liz!" it shrieks. "You've got to see this."

I blearily open my eyes to see Deanna hovering in front of me.

She pushes a newspaper page in front of me.

"Read this," she demands.

"What is it?"

"Just wake up and read it, OK? It's important."

I drowsily get up from my pillow. My hair is tousled and I'm sure I look like a dog's dinner. My eyes skim across the page, and then they widen.

The headline says:

MOLDOVIAN KING ANNOUNCES THE ENGAGEMENT OF HIS ELDEST SON, ALEXANDER, TO LADY TATIANA OF NUERNBERG TODAY.

It's like a brick wall has just been slammed onto my face.

13

I knew it was too good to be true. Such things just don't happen to me. I mean - look at me. I'm not exactly Ms. Redheaded Goddess. Alex and I are like chalk and cheese, or limestone and marble, or whatever metaphor you want to call it.

I don't belong in his world and I never will.

I knew something like this would happen, and there's an awful ache in my chest that splinters everything inside it and nothing, and it goes on and on - like a dagger twisting into my soul for the longest time. So painful that it makes me want to throw back my head and keen in anger. I'm hollow and floating and anchored and despondent and a million other things I never want to feel.

Oh, but I've been so foolish.

Foolish!

I was right about everything.

Right about how a man like Alex would never want me for something more than a cheap evening of tawdry sex. (Even though there was nothing tawdry in what we did last night.) I have foolishly allowed myself to feel something for this man, and now I must pay the price.

Oh yes. I acutely and deeply feel something for this man. There's just something about him that is so magnetic and compelling that I have allowed myself to sink in deep - to believe that his beautiful shining eyes and his wonderfully parted lips (moaning my name in desire when he finally released himself into me) were more than mere lust.

Of course, he has never once mentioned the word 'love'.

How can two people fall in love in three brief meetings? It's impossible. At least to me.

My cellphone rings. Listlessly, I glance at the flashing name.

ALEX.

No. I'm not getting that.

At least he cares enough to call, my inner conscience tells me. But he obviously doesn't care enough about me to tell me he was getting engaged.

Fury ripples through me again.

Damn him. Damn him to hell.

The phone rings off. And then it starts up again - that stupid ringtone I have chosen.

ALEX.

In a fit of anger, I grab it and depress the OFF button on the side. There - the phone is now officially off. If I weren't in such a cash-challenged state, I'd hurl it against the wall.

I don't know how long I must have lain on my bed, disheveled and miserable. Deanna has gone to art class, so there is no one to answer the door when the doorbell suddenly rings.

Persistently. Insistently.

When I don't answer, a thumping starts up on the door, as if the person on the other side is trying to batter it down.

"Liz, I know you're in there. Let me in. I need to talk to you."

It's ALEX.

Great. The last person in the world I want to see.

"Liz, please! Just talk to me."

I rouse myself from the bed. Go away, I will him.

The thumping stops. There's silence. A lump congeals in my throat. Has he gone away?

(I don't really want him to go away.)

Then:

"Liz." His tone is simultaneously conciliatory and desperate. "I know you're in there, and you can hear me. So please listen up."

I listen despite myself. I crouch at my bedroom door. I'm listening.

"The engagement. It wasn't my idea. It never was."

A cramp threatens to come into my legs, but I daren't move just in case he hears me. I'm not ready to let him know I'm in here, though he probably does.

"It's some crazy complicated political shit and my father put me into it." He takes a deep breath. "He's probably not fully to blame, and my mother has a huge part of it. Like I said, it's complicated and I won't bore you right now with the details. But I never wanted any part of it. I don't want to marry Tatiana, Liz. I never did. She's nothing to me. Nothing."

The cramp comes full on in my toes. I have to bite my lip to keep from crying out. But I'm still listening. I'm desperately wanting everything he's telling me to be true. He's here, isn't he? At my doorstep. At least he cares enough to tell me himself.

That's got to count for something, right?

"I'm going to need to do something for myself." He pauses. "I know you're going to think it's childish and f**ked-up and irresponsible."

Yes, I probably will. But I'm piqued anyway.

He goes on, "I'm going to be taking an extended trip. An anthropological trip to ... well, some place far away. And I'd like you to come with me."

The silence that weighs in the apartment is deafening.

"Liz?"

No, seriously, I need time to digest this.

This is huge.

"I know you think I'm running away, Liz, but I want you to come with me. Please. I'm going to have to work this out ... work out what I really want in my life. And I would really, really want you to come along because ... "

Shakily, I get to my feet.

I pad to the front door in my bare feet. I can feel him tensing behind it.

"Liz?" He's hopeful.

I open the door.

I must have looked a fright, with my tear-streaked face and my unruly hair. Oh yes, I had cried. I had shed tears over this man, and he's standing before me - his hair disheveled and looking like he's just tumbled out of bed himself, and he's glorious and spectacularly beautiful. He wears a leather jacket over a tight T-shirt and jeans, and he resembles a bad biker boy from the other side of town. And he's so carelessly marvelous that the flesh between my legs turns into a puddle and I'm a blabbering idiot again.

He takes a step towards me and he's very, very close. Close enough for me to imbibe his musky scent.

"Liz," he implores, his eyes bright and fevered, "would you come with me?"

I swallow. This is huge. And grossly unfair. He can't expect an answer straightway. This is a monumental decision and I would really need some time to think about it. I have responsibilities, damn it, even if he doesn't!

"You're running away." I state the obvious.

"No. I'm leaving to work things out. Please." He holds out his hand to me. In his eyes, there's despair and ... hope. "For once in your life, don't overanalyze things. Just follow your gut."

Go with the wind. I have never been that sort of woman ... until I met him. And now, I'm like a papyrus sheaf on the windswept delta of the Nile.

He wants me.

He wants me enough to ask me to go with him, and not Tatiana.

Go with your gut.

"Yes," I find myself saying. And it's true. Tears come into my eyes. I do really want to abandon caution and go with this beautiful, unpredictable, mercurial man. I may never get the chance to again.

Oh help me.

"Yes," I say again.

Yes. Goodbye to my college credits. Goodbye to my job. I can always come back to them anyway. I think.

Yes.

What am I doing?

He smiles - a slow spreading grin that stretches his lips. Then he dips his head down and catches me hungrily on the lips.

"Let's go, baby. You won't regret it."

I hope I'm not going to.

Oh God.

