Chapter One

Why was it that heat waves always made her want to have sex? Shelby Harper wasn't certain, but she suspected it had something to do with the spike of body temperature and the constant sheen of sweat that coated her body, clinging to her br**sts, sticking to her legs. It made her want to rip her clothes off and wander around naked until the end of time. And thinking about being naked logically led to thoughts of sex, right?

Or hell, maybe it wasn't the heat wave at all. Maybe she really shouldn't have taken the tequila shot that cute Navy lieutenant had tempted her into. But she'd never been able to say no to a man in uniform...

Too bad the guy was married. He really had been pretty appealing, with that clean-shaven jaw and those playful green eyes.

Fighting a smile, Shelby reached for another ice cube from the plastic cup sitting on the smooth countertop. Though most of the ice had already melted, she managed to find one cube still intact, and slowly ran it over her collarbone. The ice felt heavenly against her fevered skin. A cold shower might have felt even nicer, but she'd already taken one this morning and she was trying to conserve energy.

"Jesus, Shel, turn on the air conditioning. I'm dying of heat here," a sexy male voice drawled.

The ice cube slid out of her fingers and down her shirt, landing directly in the left cup of her lacy pink bra. Her nipple instantly hardened, though it was hard to tell if it was a result of the ice or the sight of John Garrett standing in front of the bakery counter.

When had he come in here? Her shop was divided into a bakery and a cafe area, the latter being where most of the customers had holed up all evening. She hadn't even noticed John-no, he liked to be called Garrett, she reminded herself-she hadn't noticed Garrett walk into the bakery. Not surprising, since he was a SEAL with the Navy and possessed the eerie ability to make himself invisible until he decided to materialize out of nowhere.

At the moment, however, he was the furthest thing from invisible. Wearing a pair of olive green cargo pants that hugged his long, muscular legs and a white T-shirt that was pasted to his rock-hard abs thanks to the heat, he was really, really visible. He shot her a grin that was even sexier than that husky voice of his, adding, "I'm hot."

Oh yes you are...

She quickly silenced the naughty voice inside her head. Yes, Garrett was hot-he was the walking, talking and breathing definition of tall, dark and handsome. And yes, his body was to die for, with all those perfectly sculpted muscles that didn't come from a gym but from swimming with sharks and hanging off helicopters-or whatever it was he did as a SEAL. But no matter how good he looked, she knew fantasizing about this man would get her nowhere.

Truth was, Garrett wasn't interested in her. A year of flirting and that one pathetic attempt she'd made at asking him out to dinner confirmed this sad truth. Whether she liked it or not, he'd apparently tucked her away in friend territory long ago. Which was probably a good thing, because did she really want to hook up with Garrett anyway?

She'd played the part of military girlfriend before, and look how well that turned out. Not only had Matthew, her ex, been away for months at a time, but apparently he'd been doing more than playing GI Joe when he was gone-he'd been f**king every female he happened to encounter.

"Earth to Shelby."

She lifted her head and saw Garrett was still standing there, still staring at her. Jeez, this heat was making her space out.

"Sorry, what did you want?"

"Air conditioning," he prompted.

"Forget it."

"Come on," he said with another grin, and then a wink. Man, how did he get away with winking? Most men looked like complete idiots when they tried to wink. "Give me five minutes in front of the air conditioner, full blast, just to cool off."

"Increased use of air conditioning during heat waves causes power outages," she reminded him. "Which is why half the city is experiencing a blackout. I'd rather be all sweaty than without power for five days."

She was pretty grateful, actually, that her bakery was the only place in a ten-mile radius that had power, all thanks to the backup generator she'd decided to switch on. No way was she going to put a strain on the generator by cranking the A/C. She hated using it as it was, but she had an entire refrigerator full of cakes that needed to be delivered tomorrow morning and she'd be damned if all those cakes spoiled because John Garrett wanted a little bit of cold air. She'd already done him and his Navy buddies a favor by opening the cafe on a Sunday evening. The lit-up front window drew the men like flies to honey. To them, electricity meant television, and television meant the ability to see the big game between the Padres and the Dodgers.

He lifted a brow. "You're all sweaty, huh?"

Figured that he'd latch onto that one teeny part of her response.

"Yes, Garrett, I'm sweaty. It's a billion degrees out there, in case you've forgotten."

"Which only supports my idea about the air conditioning."

"Forget it." She set her jaw and crossed her arms over her chest to show she meant business. "Find another way to cool off."

A loud cheer came from the adjoining room, followed by the sound of palms slapping against palms in high-fives. The Padres had obviously scored another run.

"The game's almost done. You could take a quick dip in the ocean after you leave here," she said, trying to be helpful.

But Garrett didn't seem to be interested in cooling methods anymore. His chocolate-brown eyes narrowed, glittering with a mixture of amusement and curiosity as he studied her chest. "Are you...uh, lactating?"

Huh?

She quickly glanced down, suppressing a groan when she saw the round water stain that had seeped from her bra right through her thin yellow tank top.

"Ice," she blurted.

"Pardon me?"

"An ice cube fell down my shirt."

He gave a husky little laugh that made her ni**les harden again. Damn it. Everything about this man was way too appealing. His warrior body, his messy dark hair and teasing eyes, his laughter. She'd been attracted to Garrett from the second he'd sauntered into her bakery last year to buy a cake for his commander's birthday. He'd requested the most obscene message to be written in icing, and from that moment on, she'd been a goner.

Maybe she was through with dating military men, but she knew that all John Garrett had to do was ask and she'd have her clothes off in a nanosecond.

But he didn't ask. He never asked. In the year she'd known him Garrett hadn't shown one iota of interest in getting naked with her.

"You should take off your shirt."

Until now.

She managed a startled laugh. "Really? Why is that?"

His smile was boyishly innocent. "Because it's all wet. Or, if you'd prefer, I could get a couple more of those ice cubes and rub them over your right breast. You know, so you match."

She laughed again, this time to cover up the zing of arousal she'd just felt at the words "rub" and "your" and "breast" coming out of this man's sexy mouth. He was obviously joking around. He had to be. Because although she'd imagined Garrett's hands on her br**sts countless times before, she knew the fantasy would forever stay in her imagination. If John Garrett wanted her, he'd have made a move a long time ago.

So instead of responding to his flirty remark, she said, "You'll miss the end of your game."

Something that resembled disappointment flickered in his dark eyes. "Yeah." He coughed. "You're right. I should, uh, head back in there. Sorry I came in here and bugged you."

What? He thought he was bugging her?

She opened her mouth to tell him he could hang out with her a bit longer, that she wasn't trying to shoo him away, but he turned around before she could say a word. She got a glimpse of his taut backside disappearing through the doorway leading into the cafe and then he was gone.

Well.

Shelby leaned her elbows on the counter and rested her flushed face in her hands.

What exactly just happened here? She replayed the entire scene in her mind, starting with the way Garrett walked in and demanded she turn on the air conditioner and ending with his offer to rub her br**sts. And then, of course, his abrupt departure.

Had she done something wrong? Had she not flirted enough? She would have flirted more, but she hadn't seen the point. She'd tried it before, and Garrett always brushed off her suggestive remarks, making it obvious that he wasn't interested but never making her feel as if she were inadequate or anything. He genuinely seemed to like her, but after a year of friendship it was clear he wasn't into her the way she was into him.

"You don't want to get involved with him anyway," she muttered to herself.

The reminder helped, but only a little. Yeah, she wasn't interested in dating an officer again, but...but damn it, she really wished John Garrett would have sex with her.

"Another shot for our lovely hostess?"

She looked up and found Paul, the married lieutenant, by the counter, yet again holding the tequila bottle and a shot glass in his hands. The guy was obviously trying to get her drunk, and she wondered if she ought to tell him that no amount of tequila would convince her to sleep with a married man. Nah. He'd find out soon enough, especially if he did something stupid, like grope her. If he did that, then he'd also find out she was pretty damn good at kicking him in the balls.

"I'm already feeling tipsy," she admitted, eyeing the bottle warily.

"Tipsy, shmipsy! It's the first heat wave of the summer! It's a special occasion."

Had he just said tipsy shmipsy?

Trying not to laugh, Shelby tucked her hair behind her ears. "No thanks, I'll pass."

She couldn't go upstairs until the Padres game ended, but drinking herself stupid was no way to pass the time until everyone left. And it wasn't like another drink would help her forget that John Garrett, her long-time fantasy, was in the other room, not wanting to sleep with her.

No amount of tequila could make her forget that.

"Face it, she's just not into you," Carson Scott said with a shrug.

Garrett forced his gaze to stay glued on the television and not drift in the direction of the doorway separating the cafe from the bakery. His peripheral vision caught a flash of movement-Shelby rounding the counter to chat with Lieutenant Paul Aston and his tequila bottle. Oh shit. Did Lieutenant Asshole actually think he had a flying f**k of a chance of getting Shelby Harper into bed? Dream on, brother.

Shelby would never mess around with a married man. Or at least that's what Garrett kept telling himself.

Because in all honesty, the thought of his sweet, sexy Shelby burning up the sheets with Lieutenant Asshole, or any man for that matter, caused jealousy to spiral down his chest and seize his intestines like a death vise.

"You might as well quit pining over the girl," Carson added, lifting his beer bottle to his mouth and taking a long swig.

"I'm not pining," Garrett said defensively. "I'm just..." His voice drifted, his brain unable to come up with an alternative description for the way he felt about Shelby.

Fuck. Fine. Maybe he was pining, just a little. But who could blame him? Shelby was pretty fricking amazing. Look up the definition of sexy California girl in the dictionary and Shelby Harper's picture would be there, complete with her wavy, sun-streaked blonde hair, her big blue eyes with those incredibly long eyelashes, and that slender athletic body she kept in shape by surfing out at Coronado Beach every morning.

Most of the officers who met her thought she was the typical West Coast blonde, complete with the dumb part, but Garrett had only needed five minutes with the woman to know she was the furthest thing from dumb and typical.

Shelby Harper was smart as hell. Funny as hell. Nice as hell.

And there wasn't a chance in hell that she'd ever get naked with a guy like him.

"Look," Carson said after Garrett's silence had lasted a bit too long. "You've spent the last year acting like a choirboy, coming in here whenever you're on leave and buying those fancy-pants mocha latte Frappuccinos without ever telling Shelby that what you really want is to get inside her pants."

"You can't tell a woman like Shelby Harper you want inside her pants," Garrett replied with a frown, reaching for his own beer. He took a slow sip, but the liquid was already room temperature, and room temperature meant about ninety degrees. He forced himself to swallow the tepid beer, then pushed the bottle away.

"Why the hell not? She fills out a pair of pants pretty f**king nicely."

She sure did...

He forcibly shoved all thoughts of Shelby's tight ass out of his head and said, "I can't treat Shel the way I treated all the SEAL groupies I hooked up with. She's...classy and... nice. She deserves more than a couple sleazy come-ons."

"Well, since you've been striking out since day one, maybe a couple sleazy come-ons are what you need."

"I, uh, kinda tried that," he admitted. "Just now." A groan rose in his throat. "I offered to fondle her tits and she-"

Carson hooted. "You did what?"

"-pretty much ordered me to get out of her sight," he finished.

And now...now she was cozying up to Aston, who was obviously trying to get her drunk enough so she wouldn't care if he was married or not.

"Look, although the fondling line is gold," Carson chuckled again, "maybe it's time you accepted the fact that she's not interested. And do you blame her? This place is right near the base. Think of all the Navy personnel-and groupies-who come in here. She's probably heard all about your reputation, man."

Garrett clenched his teeth, fighting the urge to hit something, but deep down he knew Carson had a point. He was by no means a saint, and no doubt Shelby had heard some wild stories about him, most of them true. At best, she knew his past was a revolving door of women. Lots of women. At worst, she was aware of his wild streak, maybe even the threesomes, some with none other than Carson Scott, the guy sitting right beside him.

But his reputation was the precise reason why he'd tried taking a different approach when it came to Shelby Harper. He hadn't been overly flirtatious, hadn't acted disrespectfully, and he certainly hadn't made it obvious just how badly he wanted her naked beneath him while he drove his c**k inside her and made her scream his name while she came...

Shit, definitely not a good idea to be thinking about stuff like that. He was already hot enough thanks to this heat wave.

Next to him, Carson wasn't finished with his lecture. "Shelby's not a wild chick, Garrett. Like you said, she's nice, wholesome, you know, the kind of woman who'd probably freak out if you suggested, I don't know, trying something other than the missionary position. She's got a body that won't quit, sure, but there's this whole Pollyanna thing going on. Maybe it's the freckles."

"I like the freckles."

"Yeah, me too. But I'm telling you, women with freckles are ridiculously vanilla when it comes to sex. I speak from experience, man."

Garrett had to laugh. "Let me guess, your little black book has an entire section reserved for freckle-faced women."

The other man just grinned, which made Garrett wonder if Carson really did categorize his conquests...nah, even Carson Scott wasn't that sleazy.

His brain suddenly stumbled over the word sleazy, and he had to wonder if that's how Shelby saw him. He hoped not, but he wouldn't be surprised if she thought that.

Even though he'd bid goodbye to his wild ways, his reputation did precede him. So did his rep as SEAL, though Shel didn't seem all that impressed with his line of work. Most women were ready to rip their clothes off when they found out he was a big bad SEAL, an all-American hero. Yet he got the feeling Shelby viewed his job as a turn-off. Garrett knew she'd dated a Marine a couple years ago and that the relationship had ended badly, which was why he'd always made a point not to talk about his work. Not that it helped.

Seemed like nothing he did impressed the woman.

"You don't want to have sex with Shelby Harper," Carson was saying, still sipping on his beer.

He rolled his eyes. "Cuz she has freckles?"

"That, and she's too f**king sweet. She's definitely not the type who'd be uninhibited in the bedroom." Carson laughed. "Can you ever see her going for kinky sex, or hell, a threesome? Shit, I'd love to be in the room and see her face if you ever suggested something like that."

Another cheer from the front of the cafe echoed through the room. Garrett shifted his head and saw a couple of petty officers high-fiving over a homerun from the Padres.

Not interested in the game, Garrett turned his gaze back to Carson, but not before he caught another flicker of movement in the corner of his eye. He quickly glanced at the doorway leading to the bakery, but it was empty. Okay. He could've sworn he'd seen a flash of yellow-Shelby's clingy little tank top perhaps?-but when he peered into the next room he saw she was by the counter, still chatting with Lieutenant Asshole.

Another wave of jealousy slammed into him like a tsunami, even fiercer than the first. Goddammit. He hated the raw emotion Shelby, with her vivid blue eyes and mouthwatering body, evoked inside him. It killed him, how much he wanted her. All she had to do was bat those long eyelashes in his direction, give him the slightest hint that she was interested, and he'd be by her side in an instant. No, screw by her side. One word-

and the word was yes-and he'd be so deep inside her pu**y that neither of them would be able to walk again for days.

The thought made his c**k twitch.

Damn, he needed to get out of here. If it weren't a million degrees out there, he might have left. Gone home, taken a quick dip in his condo's pool and slid into bed. But spending the rest of the night in the dark, sweating out this heat wave, was seriously unappealing. Shelby's cafe was the only place with power, and besides, as annoying as it was watching her with another man, at least he could keep an eye on her while he was here. Make sure she didn't get plastered and do something stupid, like the lieutenant.

Yeah, that's why you're sticking around, a small voice taunted.

Fine, so maybe a part of him was hoping Shelby would get plastered and do him.

A guy could dream, after all.

Chapter Two

Can you ever see her going for kinky sex, or hell, a threesome?

Shelby kept running the words over and over again in her head, wondering if she'd somehow imagined them. It was hard enough to think in this sweltering heat-add to that a shot of tequila and you got one struggling-to-function brain.

But no, she couldn't have imagined it. She'd heard Garrett and Carson, loud and clear, as they'd discussed her. Scratch that-as they'd discussed all the reasons to not have sex with her.

It really was quite insulting, that they'd been indulging in locker room talk about her in her place of business. And yet a part of her was...flattered. Jeez, what was wrong with her? How could she possibly be flattered by the fact that Garrett and his buddy thought she was vanilla?

At least it answered the question she'd been asking herself the past year. John Garrett didn't want to sleep with her because apparently she wasn't wild enough for him.

Oh, she knew he liked her. He'd made that pretty clear during his chat with Carson.

But he also made it clear that he thought she was sweet. Not sweet, as in "man, she's got a sweet ass" but sweet as in "I don't want to f**k her because she's obviously a huge prude in the sack".

"I am not a prude," she mumbled to herself.

"What was that, hon?"

Her head jerked up and she realized Paul was beside her again. "Oh. Nothing. I didn't say anything," she lied, suddenly wishing this man would just disappear.

One of the other officers was throwing up in the cafe restroom, so she'd let the lieutenant use the bathroom in the upstairs apartment, where she'd lived for the past two years. Paul's absence had allowed her to eavesdrop on Garrett's conversation, but now she kind of wished she'd never been nosy enough to lurk in the doorway. The last thing a woman wanted to hear was that the man she had the hots for didn't think she was wild enough for him.

"So what do you say we kick all these losers out and go upstairs?"

Okay, so maybe that was the last thing a woman wanted to hear.

She shot the lieutenant a pointed look. "What would your wife have to say about that?"

He looked startled for a moment, then glanced down at the gold wedding band on his left hand as if remembering it was there. Uh, yeah, buddy, maybe take the ring off before you try to hit on a woman who isn't your wife.

"My wife and I are actually separated," Paul said quickly.

Yeah right.

"I'm sure the separation must be very painful for you," Shelby said politely.

"So, the going upstairs idea..." He looked at her with a hopeful expression.

She just stared at him.

The hope dissipated like a puff of smoke. "Right." He shrugged. "Can't blame a guy for trying."

She opened her mouth to retort that, yes, she could blame a guy for trying, especially a married one, but he scurried off before she could speak.

Trying not to roll her eyes, Shelby watched as Paul ambled into the cafe, muttered something to the officer he'd arrived with, then left her establishment without a backwards glance.

"Jerk," she muttered to herself.

"Please tell me you had something to do with Lieutenant Asshole running off like that." Carson Scott appeared in the doorway, grinning.

"You guys call him Lieutenant Asshole?" she said with a laugh.

"Either that, or Sleazebag Paul. It's hard to pick one, seeing as he's both an ass and a sleaze. We tend to alternate."

Shelby peered past Carson's impossibly broad shoulders, trying to catch a glimpse of Garrett. Apparently the game had ended, because most of the men in the other room were pushing back their chairs and heading for the door. A few approached the doorway, poking their heads in and thanking her for opening up the bakery. She just smiled, waved and wondered where the hell Garrett had run off to. Probably to find a woman who was into kinky sex and threesomes.

Too bad. Because if he'd ever bothered to ask her, he might be surprised to know that she was exactly that kind of woman. Just because she'd never acted out any of her fantasies didn't mean she didn't have 'em.

"So we're taking off," Carson was saying. "But we thought we'd help you clean up a bit before we left. Garrett took the beer bottles out to the recycling bin. I came in here to get a rag so I could wipe down the tables."

She was genuinely touched. "You guys don't have to do that."

"It's the least we could do. You didn't have to open the cafe up tonight but you did.

Might as well repay you with some clean-up."

He shot her a crooked smile, and a flicker of heat sparked inside her belly. Carson really was an attractive man, she realized. She'd been lusting over Garrett for so long she'd barely noticed what any of his friends looked like, and for the first time, she actually took the time to look at Carson Scott, really look at him. And she definitely liked what she saw. Dirty blond hair, cut short but not short enough that he looked like all the crew cut boys who walked around Coronado. His eyes were blue, his features classically handsome, and he was as ripped as his friend Garrett. Obviously you couldn't be a Navy SEAL without possessing one of those hard, sleek bodies that never failed to make a girl drool.

"Do I have icing on my chin or something?" Carson teased. "Damn, I knew I shouldn't have eaten one of those cupcakes you brought out to us."

"No, nothing on your chin," she said, cheeks warm as she turned away and stopped checking him out.

She rounded the counter and grabbed a rag, then walked back and handed it to him.

Trying not to stare at his ass, she trailed him into the cafe and watched as he efficiently wiped down all the tabletops. Carson had just finished when Garrett returned, the chimes over the door jingling as he walked inside.

Shelby's heart immediately did a couple of jumping jacks. Damn it. Why did John Garrett always manage to make her pulse race?

"Thanks for having us," Garrett said, his voice slightly gruff.

"No problem." She swallowed when she saw him edge back toward the door, suddenly anxious for him not to leave.

She still couldn't believe he thought she was vanilla, and maybe it was crazy-fine, it was crazy-but she got the feeling a golden opportunity was staring her square in the eye. That tonight would be her one chance to show him that she wasn't the sweet freckle-faced prude he obviously thought her to be.

"Well...good night," Garrett added.

Their gazes locked, and she could swear the air hissed and crackled with mutual attraction.

Fine, it was probably the heat making the crackling noise, but still...

She broke the eye contact, slowly glancing over at Carson, who'd dropped the rag on one of the tables and was moving toward his friend.

Don't let them leave.

The urgent voice inside her head caught her off-guard, but only for a second.

Because after that second was up, she realized that she really was looking at a golden opportunity. A delicious, ridiculously tempting opportunity.

She's too f**king sweet. She's definitely not the type who'd be uninhibited in the bedroom.

God, it would be so wickedly satisfying to prove them wrong. Show Garrett that his wild ways didn't scare her and that she was perfectly capable of taking him on. Taking them both on.

Heat simmered in her belly, radiated in her limbs and made her weak with...desire.

Oh God. She'd always imagined what it would be like. Two men. At the same time. The guys she'd dated in the past would have been aghast if she admitted to that particular fantasy. Even Matthew, who had seen nothing wrong with sleeping around on her, would have been horrified.

Was she crazy? Perverted? Suffering from heat stroke?

Maybe, but who the heck cared? They were all adults here. And yeah, maybe she was a little tipsy from the tequila, but like Lieutenant Asshole had said, tipsy shmipsy.

What was so wrong with acting wild and crazy every now and then?

If wild was what she needed to be to show Garrett she could rock his world, then why not?

"See you later, Shel," Carson said.

Garrett's hand was on the doorknob.

"It's still early," she found herself blurting. "You guys should stay and hang out a while longer."

His hand froze and he glanced at her over his shoulder. "You want us to stay?"

She managed a feeble shrug. "Sure. Sleazebag Paul left his tequila bottle here. We might as well put it to good use."

Both men just stared at her, but Garrett's hand did drop from the door handle...

"Besides," she added, "it's so hot out there."

"Pretty hot in here, too," she heard Carson murmur.

She met Garrett's gorgeous brown eyes and offered a little smile. "So what do you say?"

Garrett decided he was dreaming. Because, really, there was no other explanation for what had just happened. One moment he and Carson were about to leave Shelby's cafe, the next she'd somehow convinced them to stay and put a quarter-full tequila bottle to good use. He didn't know why he'd agreed, but somehow he had, and now here he was, watching Shelby Harper toss her head back and take a shot.

Fuck, she was sexy. Her blonde waves cascaded down her shoulders, her delicate throat bobbing as she swallowed back the fiery liquid.

She made a face, then handed the bottle and shot glass to Carson, who was more than ready for the challenge. Carson swiftly took his shot and passed the bottle over.

Garrett glanced at it for a moment, debating. He had no idea what Shelby was trying to accomplish. Was she trying to get him drunk? Was she planning on jumping his bones if he did? And if so, why the hell had she asked Carson to stick around too?

Something niggled in the back of his mind, but he forced the absurd idea away.

No. No. Freckles or not, Shelby definitely wasn't the type who'd go for a three-way romp.

Was she?

"C'mon, Johnny," Shelby teased after he'd hesitated too long. "Scared of a little tequila?"

Uh-oh, she'd called him Johnny. He'd once told her how he felt about the nickname.

His exact words had been, "I hate it. I kick the asses of people who call me that". But he didn't want to kick Shelby Harper's ass at the moment, not by a long shot. She looked so damn good in that tight yellow tank top with her fair cheeks flushed from the heat and the alcohol. He wanted to kiss her. Badly. So badly he could practically taste her on his lips.

But rather than jumping across the table and capturing her mouth with his, he met her challenge and downed some alcohol instead.

The tequila burned its way down to his gut, warming his body and easing the knot of tension coiled inside him.

"God, it's so hot," Shelby said with a groan, fanning herself with one dainty hand.

Then she smiled and shot to her feet. "We need ice."

Garrett admired her tight little ass as she hurried out of the room. She was wearing a filmy blue skirt that was practically transparent, and if he looked hard enough he could see the outline of her panties. Wait. The skirt moved and...yeah, she had a thong on.

Oh Jesus.

Trying not to groan, he shifted in his chair, but no matter how he arranged himself his pants still felt exceedingly tight.

"So...I think she's trying to seduce us," Carson murmured. He looked a little startled, as if he couldn't quite believe this turn of events. "I guess I stand corrected on the freckles thing."

Garrett swallowed, not believing it either. He'd been thinking the same thing, and hearing his best friend and teammate say it confirmed his own suspicions. "She's had too much to drink," was the only reply he could come up with.

"She's not drunk, man. Walking in a straight line, not slurring her words..."

Carson's mouth stretched out in a smile. "I think she knows exactly what she's doing.

And exactly what she wants."

He wanted to argue, but Shelby returned with a plastic bowl filled with ice and flopped down in her chair again. When she reached for an ice cube and began trailing it down her neck, Garrett decided Carson was right. Shelby knew precisely what she was doing. And her plan obviously included making her two companions as hard as granite.

A little moan slid out of her throat as she rubbed the ice along her collarbone, leaving a path of glistening moisture on her silky skin.

Garrett shifted again, but it was futile. He had an erection of monstrous proportion, and it only continued to grow the longer Shelby dragged that ice cube over herself. She lifted her wavy blonde hair up and cooled the nape of her neck. Ran the ice up and down her bare arms. Brought it back to her collarbone, then-oh sweet Lord-slid her fingers under the neckline of her tank top.

It amazed him to realize that he was jealous-of the f**king ice cube. He could see her palm moving beneath her shirt, hear her sighs of contentment as she rubbed the ice over the tops of her perky br**sts, and all he wanted to do was push her hand away and take over.

"You guys are missing out," she teased, gesturing to the bowl on the table.

"Seriously, take some ice and put it down your shirt. It feels like heaven."

Carson chuckled. "Can't speak for Garrett, but I'm having more fun watching you."

Shelby made an irritated sound and pulled her hand out of her cle**age. The ice had melted, and her fingers were wet, making Garrett want to lean forward and lick the moisture off with his tongue. And when he finished licking her fingers, he'd tear that shirt off her body and lick everything beneath it. And then...then he'd get down on his knees, lift that skirt up to her waist and lick under there too...

Quickly averting his gaze, he clenched his fists, stunned to realize he was unbelievably close to coming. He'd almost blown his fricking load, in his pants, without so much as touching Shelby.

The woman was far more dangerous than he'd ever suspected.

"Look how nice it feels..."

He slowly uncurled his fingers and lifted his head just in time to see...yup, Shelby was running an ice cube along Carson's jaw line.

Garrett watched as she leaned in closer and traced Carson's mouth with the ice. The lucky bastard was enjoying every second of it and Garrett didn't blame him. He'd be pretty happy too if Shelby had her fingers on his mouth. Which raised the question-

would he be getting a turn? Because damn, he really, really wanted one. But she seemed pretty content teasing Carson to oblivion, and then she leaned even closer and...

Kissed him.

She was kissing his best friend.

And Garrett, f**king strangely enough, was as turned on as he was envious. He couldn't help himself, couldn't tear his eyes away from the sight of Shelby's mouth pressed against Carson's. Her tongue sliding between his friend's lips and delving into his mouth. The soft moan she gave when their tongues met.

Shockwaves of heat pulsed in Garrett's groin.

Fuck.

Fuck.

What was happening? He'd wanted this woman for an entire year, and here she was, kissing his buddy. Kissing, and running her fingers through Carson's hair, and...was he imagining it or had she just slid her other hand onto Carson's lap?

"Whoa," Carson muttered, and Garrett knew he hadn't imagined it.

Shelby did indeed have her hand on his friend's crotch.

"What are you doing?" Carson asked hoarsely.

Good question.

Shelby withdrew her hand and leaned back in her chair, but Garrett saw the hint of a smile tugging at her lush lips.

"I'm going to be honest," she finally said, shifting her gaze between the two men. "I think we should go upstairs to my apartment. All three of us."

Carson's head swiveled in Garrett's direction.

Garrett, however, kept his gaze on Shelby. "Are you serious?" he squeezed out.

"Oh yeah." She shrugged, demurely clasping her hands together on her lap.

"But...why?" he had to ask.

Her smile transformed into a naughty grin, her ocean-blue eyes sparkling with desire and amusement. "Because I want to, of course."

Because she wanted to. It was such a simple, no-nonsense answer, and yet Garrett couldn't wrap his brain around it. Who was this wild-eyed vixen and what had she done with his sweet, freckle-faced Shelby? Shelby, the woman who baked cakes for a living, who actually cared enough to ask him how his day was, who could brighten up his world with just one small smile.

He'd spent the last year getting to know her, holding off on asking her out because he didn't want to make it seem like all he wanted to do was jump her bones. And now here she was, flat-out offering to jump his bones, along with the bones of his closest friend.

Part of him was distressed. Dismayed that he'd obviously gotten her all wrong, that she was only looking for a good time like all the other women he'd been with.

But another part of him, the turned on part, was dying to go upstairs with her. So what if she wanted Carson to tag along? Garrett had craved this woman for so long that at this point he was willing to do anything to get her. Take what you can get, his body was telling him. His head, too, seemed to be in agreement, pointing out that the offer wasn't likely to stay on the table for long. A few more moments of hesitation and she'd probably kick him out and choose to go upstairs with Carson instead. Just Carson.

"Let's do it then." The words came out before he could stop them and once he'd thrown them out there he couldn't take them back. His legs were unusually shaky as he stood, but he managed to keep a composed front. Glancing at Carson, he added, "You up for it?"

His buddy looked momentarily surprised, shooting him a look that said, "Are you sure about this, man?"

It was actually kind of nice, that Carson would request permission. Carson Scott was the type of guy who did what he wanted, when he wanted it, but when it came to his friends he was oddly considerate. Since Garrett hadn't made his feelings for Shelby a secret, it wasn't surprising that Carson would respect them.

He knew all he had to do was give an imperceptible shake of the head and Carson would hightail it outta there, but if he telepathically ordered Carson to get lost, would Shelby still want him? Or was a threesome a prerequisite for tonight's fantasy?

He looked over at Shelby, whose arousal was clearly written all over her flushed face, and realized the answers to either of those questions didn't matter. He was going to take what he could get. One on one, two on one, it didn't f**king matter. Not as long as he got to be with this woman.

And so he offered Carson a small nod of reassurance, because really, if a kinky menage was what Shelby Harper had in mind, then that was exactly what he'd give her.

Chapter Three

Oh God. Garrett and Carson were actually coming upstairs with her. So they could have sex. So the three of them could have sex. She hadn't thought they'd actually agree to it. Garrett had almost fallen out of his chair when she'd suggested it. For a moment she'd even thought he'd get up and walk out the door. But whatever reluctance he might have felt had faded the second he'd stood and said let's do it.

Thank God for the tequila swimming around in her blood, that's for sure. She wasn't drunk by any means, but the slow burn of the alcohol and the lightness inside her head definitely made it easier to climb up the narrow staircase leading to her apartment. She didn't dare turn to look at Garrett, who was directly behind her, his breath warming the back of her neck.

She almost jumped two feet in the air when she felt his lips brush her ear. His voice was gruff as he said, "Sure you want to do this?"

They reached the door and she pushed it open, walking inside the dark living room without answering the question.

Did she want to do this? Should she back out, tell them it had been the tequila talking and that no, she had no intention of getting naked with them?

She stopped, leaned against the wall and stared at the two men who'd followed her inside, both gorgeous in their own right. Garrett, with his dark hair and rugged good looks. Carson, fair and blond with his chiseled GQ-model face.

She could ask them to leave, claim this was a mistake, but her body's reaction to them made it hard to open her mouth and say the words. God, what was wrong with her?

Her ni**les were as hard as icicles, her panties were soaked, and every cell in her body begged for the chance to be taken by these two sex gods. Two hard bodies pressed against hers, two pairs of hands touching her, two mouths kissing her, two cocks-

"Shel?" Garrett prompted.

She swallowed. It was unbelievably hot in the apartment, making it hard to breathe let alone think. Open a window, that's what she needed to do. Or turn on the fan sitting on the coffee table. But she couldn't bring herself to move. Her pu**y was throbbing, her clit so painfully swollen she had to squeeze her thighs together before she keeled over.

"So how do you want to do this?" she burst out. There, she'd finally said something.

Which meant she couldn't back down now, because the something she'd said pretty much made it obvious she intended to do this. And jeez, did that throaty femme fatale voice actually belong to her?

"It'd help if you took off your clothes," Carson returned with a sexy chuckle.

Garrett said nothing, but his piercing brown eyes were narrowed with arousal, as well as another emotion she couldn't quite put her finger on. She wished he would come over and kiss her. She already knew what Carson's kiss tasted like. Slow, teasing, languid. Would Garrett's lips feel as soft against hers? Would he be gentle? Or would his kiss be rough, greedy?

Suddenly she couldn't wait to find out, but since they obviously expected her to get naked before they touched her, Shelby reached for the hem of her tank and pulled the thin material up and over her head. Her bra was practically pasted to her body, drops of sweat already forming between her br**sts. Her fingers were shaky as she unhooked the front clasp and shrugged the lacy bra off her shoulders. Neither man said a word, but their eyes widened with approval at the sight of her bare br**sts. The palpable appreciation jumpstarted her confidence, and her hands were no longer trembling when she gripped the elastic waistband of her flowing skirt and took that off too. The thong came off next, and then she was naked and on display for the two sexiest guys she'd ever encountered.

Carson's soft whistle broke through the silence. "Jesus, Shelby," he hissed out.

"You're f**king gorgeous."

Heat spilled over her cheeks. Both men were completely dressed, and there she was, standing in front of them without a stitch of clothing so they could openly admire her.

And under their scrutiny, her ni**les tightened, her br**sts grew heavy and a rush of moisture pooled between her legs. Maybe it made her the slut of the century, but she couldn't wait to get started.

Evidently Garrett felt the same urgency, because before she could blink he had stepped toward her and was pulling her naked body to his clothed one. She stared at his mouth, knowing her excitement was written all over her face. "Kiss me," she whispered.

He quickly complied, pressing his lips to hers. His mouth was hot, firm, insistent. Oh yes. Carson had kissed her like he had all the time in the world, his mouth lazy, but Garrett was more intense. His kisses were rough and hungry and passionate, as if he wanted to devour her. Well, she wanted to devour him too. So she did, sucking hard on his tongue and shamelessly rubbing against his lower body.

Breathing hard, she tugged on the hem of his T-shirt and pulled it over his head.

Underneath the shirt, his chest was all muscle, a wide expanse of hard ripples and smooth golden skin, with a dusting of light brown hair leading to the waistband of his cargo pants.

Her mouth went dry, her hand unsteady as she reached out and touched that incredible chest. She brushed her finger over one of his flat, brown ni**les, eliciting a ragged sigh from his throat.

She was trying to decide if she was bold enough to lower her head and suck on his nipple when she felt a warm pair of hands stroking her bare back. She nearly jumped, then realized it was Carson, obviously eager to join in the fun.

Oh God, this was surreal. Her naked body sandwiched between these two big men, Carson's hands squeezing her ass, Garrett dipping his head and kissing her again. Shivers of arousal danced up and down her spine, and a resulting moan slid out of her mouth.

Garrett chuckled softly, then planted his hands on her waist and turned her around, pressing his groin into her ass as Carson filled her mouth with his tongue.

She could feel Garrett's erection nestled between her ass cheeks, and when Carson pulled her closer and parted her knees with one hard thigh she could feel the ridge of his arousal too. She sighed, pushing her ass against Garrett and reaching down to rub Carson through his khakis.

"Take your pants off," she murmured.

She was addressing both of them, but Carson was the only one to reply. He offered her a lopsided grin and muttered, "Do it for me."

She found herself glancing over at Garrett, who simply glanced back, his dark eyes flickering with raw heat. "Don't keep the man waiting," he said with a faint smile.

Drawing in a slow breath, she tugged at Carson's zipper. It lowered with a metallic hiss.

Shelby hesitated, unsure of what to do next. This was all so new to her, the entire experience seeming more like a figment of her dirty imagination than a real-time occurrence.

"Help me out here," she said with a nervous laugh. "What comes next?"

Carson's blue eyes twinkled. "I do." He took her hand and guided it inside his pants.

She took another breath, gathering every ounce of naughty courage she possessed, and finally wrapped her fingers over his c**k and started stroking him.

He groaned, and she saw him fumble with his waistband, attempting to push his pants down. "Help me out here," he mimicked, his features taut with unrestrained lust.

Sinking to her knees, she pulled down his khakis and boxers, wondering if the blood drumming in her ears was a result of the tequila she'd drunk downstairs or the hard c**k that sprang up against her face. God, he was big.

She circled his tip with her index finger and he shuddered. "Shit, that's nice," he said hoarsely.

She shifted her head and saw that Garrett was now leaning against the arm of her old patterned sofa. He was still clothed, still watching her with those sexy dark eyes.

She squeezed Carson's shaft, then met Garrett's gaze at the same time she took his friend's c**k into her mouth.

With a moan, Carson tangled his fingers in her hair and guided her, pushing his erection deeper into her mouth. Garrett's eyes narrowed, and the fire she saw there nearly made her keel over backwards. Swallowing hard, she finally broke eye contact and focused on the delightful task of sucking Carson's dick.

She ran her tongue along his shaft, flicking over the sensitive underside. He groaned in approval, still holding her against him with one warm hand. Her pu**y throbbed as she licked him from base to tip, her body growing hotter and tighter the longer she moved her mouth up and down his cock. The room was quiet save for Carson's ragged breathing and the sound of the suction her mouth was making over his dick.

"Bedroom," came Garrett's gruff voice.

She tore her lips away from Carson's cock, realizing for the first time that they hadn't even made it to a bed yet. She was on her knees in the middle of her living room, Carson's erection hovering in front of her face while Garrett watched from the couch.

The scene was so deliciously dirty that she almost sagged forward, the carpet scratching her bare knees. He was right. They definitely needed a bed.

Shelby couldn't remember getting up, couldn't recall how Carson ended up lying in her bed while she kneeled between his legs and continued driving him wild with her tongue, but somehow they got there, and suddenly Garrett's hands were stroking her from behind. The mattress sagged, the springs creaked, and she gasped when she felt his fingers tugging on her ni**les.

God, was it possible to be this turned on? There were too many things going on at once. Carson's c**k in her mouth, Garrett's palms on her br**sts, his erection pressed against her ass.

Then Garrett's hot breath was fanning across the nape of her neck. "You want me to f**k you while you suck Carson's dick?" he muttered, rolling her ni**les between his fingers.

All she could do was whimper.

He gently tipped her forward and she gasped when he slid one finger into her already sopping-wet pu**y. "You love this, don't you, Shelby?" he taunted, then pressed his lips to her neck.

Pleasure surged through her. She felt like a volcano that had been dormant for decades, only to erupt out of the blue, with such force, such power, that it covered everything, everyone, with hot smoldering lava and to hell with the consequences. She pushed her ass into Garrett's exploring finger, her lips still wrapped around Carson's dick.

A delighted cry tore out of her throat when Garrett worked another finger into her pu**y. He slid those two long fingers in and out of her, so hard and deep that she almost bit down on Carson, who obviously sensed her inability to multitask and gently pulled her up.

She found herself sprawled over Carson's rippled chest, her br**sts pressed against his defined pecs, while her ass jutted out to accommodate Garrett's talented fingers.

Carson pinched her ni**les, rolling the rigid peaks with his fingers. He smiled when she let out a soft sigh, then tugged on her hair and angled her head so they were at eye-level, so he could brush his warm lips over hers. His tongue slid into her mouth, dueling with hers, stealing the breath right out of her lungs. Her body was overcome with sensation-Garrett's fingers inside her, Carson's hands squeezing and playing with her br**sts, the hot tongue inside her mouth and the c**k twitching against her belly.

"Do you like having John finger you while my tongue is in your mouth?" Carson whispered against her lips.

"Yes," she squeezed out.

"I'm going crazy here," he added, his features creased with pure hunger. He grasped one of her hands and dragged it down to his cock, urging her to jerk him off.

Garrett's husky voice drifted from behind. "Will you come if I keep doing this, baby?" He added a third finger into the mix then began stroking her clit with his thumb.

"Eventually," she managed to utter, her mind spinning from the tornado of pleasure assaulting her body.

"Eventually?" Garrett made a tsk-tsk sound. "Can't have that. We want you to come now, don't we, Carson?"

"Oh yeah."

Garrett pulled his fingers out and she almost wept with disappointment. A second later she was weeping with delight, because suddenly she was on her back and Garrett's head was between her legs. His warm mouth covered her pu**y, his tongue flicked over her clit and...oh yes...his fingers were back too. The pleasure was so intense she could barely keep her eyes open, let alone stroke Carson, who'd shifted and was now lying next to her. He didn't seem to mind that her hand had stopped moving. Instead, he just pushed that hand away and lowered his mouth to her breast.

"Come on, Shelby," Carson murmured. "I want to see you lose control."

Within moments he got his wish, because it was pretty darn hard not to lose control when these two men were driving her mad with their tongues. With Carson sucking on her aching ni**les and Garrett licking the hell out of her, Shelby exploded. Her orgasm seized her body in a rush of blinding pleasure that had her crying out uncontrollably. The room spun, the mattress sagged, the air became too thick to breathe as she shuddered on the bed from ecstasy she'd never even thought possible.

She whimpered, trying to wiggle away from Garrett's unwavering tongue but he gripped her hips with his hands and kept her in place. Continued to finger her and suck on her clit until the world tilted again and a surprising second orgasm tore through her.

Oh God.

When the waves of release finally ebbed, she could barely move. She heard the sound of Carson's soft chuckle against her br**sts, Garrett's ragged breaths against her pu**y, and wondered if it was supposed to feel this good. God, why hadn't anyone ever told her how good it would feel to have two men make her come?

"You okay?" Garrett asked with a touch of humor in his voice. He lifted his head from her thighs and sat up, lightly stroking her stomach.

"I'm...great." She blinked herself out of her orgasmic trance, noticing that he still had his cargo pants on. "Take those off already," she complained.

Without addressing her grievance, he pulled a condom out of one of the many pockets lining his pants. Flicking the square packet at his friend, Garrett said, "I've only got one."

A tiny pretzel of disappointment knotted in her belly. As appealing as she found Carson, he wouldn't have been her first choice as the winner of the one-condom raffle.

But she didn't voice her frustration, not wanting to shatter any macho egos here.

Carson easily caught the condom that had been thrown to him and then uttered words that had her disappointment dissolving into delight. "There's a couple in my wallet.

Think my pants are somewhere in the living room." He grinned at Shelby as if to remind her she'd been the one to dispose of those pants.

"I'll grab 'em," Garrett said, then disappeared out the door.

Shelby stared after him, admiring the way his pants hugged his sexy ass. The moment of admiration was brief, though, because the next thing she knew Carson was covering her body with his.

He kissed her, and gone were those lazy kisses he'd been giving her when Garrett had been sucking on her clit. Carson's tongue filled her mouth and then he drove his c**k into her without warning.

That first thrust stole the breath out of her lungs. A small moan found its way out of her mouth, reverberating against Carson's greedy tongue.

"God, Shelby, you're so tight," he muttered.

His rough, erratic pace drove her wild and she arched her hips to take him in deeper.

God, this felt fantastic. Was it wrong that it was this damn fantastic? She'd been lusting after Garrett for so long that the way her body responded to Carson Scott almost felt like a betrayal.

But Garrett didn't seem betrayed as he walked back into the bedroom. He paused in the doorway for a second, watching as Carson f**ked her, and then finally, finally, Shelby saw him start to unbutton his pants.

She tore her mouth away from Carson and watched as Garrett approached the bed again, pulling down his zipper as he walked. She couldn't unglue her gaze from him, mesmerized by each small movement. His hands pushing his pants down. His fingers on the waistband of his black boxer briefs.

Watching her watch him, he slowly removed the boxers, smiling faintly when her eyes widened. His c**k jutted out, long and thick and rock hard. Bigger than the c**k currently pumping inside her.

"Like what you see?" Garrett asked gruffly.

She managed a nod, her mouth too dry for her to speak. Then she moaned, because Carson had slowed his pace and was teasing her body with deep, leisurely thrusts the way the sight of Garrett's erection teased her eyes.

Garrett moved closer to the bed, his dark eyes so unbelievably intense that Shelby felt the first swells of orgasm flutter to the surface. She sucked in her breath, her inner muscles clamping over Carson's cock. She was seconds away from losing control again, and Garrett obviously knew it because in the blink of an eye he was on the bed, kneeling in front of her and parting her lips with his erection. His tip slid into her mouth and the masculine taste of him was all it took.

Shelby exploded again.

"Jesus," Carson groaned. "Keep squeezing my c**k like that...yeah, Shel...just like that."

She couldn't seem to stop moaning, the sounds muffled against Garrett's dick. As shockwaves of pleasure rocketed through her body, she lapped at him with her tongue, his husky groan only heightening each wave of her orgasm.

"Fuck, I'm going to come," Carson hissed, his fingers curling tightly over her hips.

She opened her eyes in time to see his features grow taut, his eyes glaze over with sheer bliss. Carson pushed into her, once, twice, his thrusts erratic, and then he exploded too.

She felt him shudder from the climax and she had to pull her mouth away from Garrett's c**k in order to smile. She'd driven guys to climax before, but Carson's orgasm brought her to a level of satisfaction she'd never experienced. He'd doubted her sexual abilities when he'd called her vanilla, and she wanted to shout out from the rooftops that the freckle-faced good girl had just made Doubting Carson come. And come hard. The ragged breaths rolling out of his chest were enough to widen her smile into a full-blown grin.

"You okay?" she teased, tracing his strong jaw line with her fingers.

He stared down at her with heavy-lidded eyes. "Oh yeah. That was...amazing."

She was still smiling as Carson slowly withdrew and stumbled off the bed. He rolled off the condom with one hand and shot her an unbelievably satisfied look before ambling into the bathroom.

And then she was alone with Garrett. Whose c**k was still inches from her mouth.

Whose eyes were still glimmering with raw hunger.

She arched one brow at him before leaning closer and flicking her tongue against his cock. He groaned when she sucked the drop of pre-come from his tip. Tangled his fingers in her hair and tried to pull her even closer.

She quickly leaned back, enjoying the disappointment she saw flashing in his dark eyes.

"So Carson gets to have all the fun?" he grumbled.

She responded with a soft laugh. "Actually, Carson was just my warm-up." Again, that throaty voice slipped out of her mouth as if it belonged to her. "Now I'm really getting started."

"Oh really?"

"Yep."

With another laugh, Shelby sat up and climbed onto his lap, pressing her palms on his extraordinary chest and forcing him to lean back against the headboard of the bed.

Then she twined her arms around his neck and kissed him.

Chapter Four

Oh Christ. Garrett didn't think he could ever get enough of Shelby Harper's sexy lips. She kissed like a f**king dream, her mouth pliant and warm, her tongue slick and eager. If he died right now, with Shelby's curvy naked body in his lap and her tongue in his mouth, then he'd die an unbelievably happy man.

"I love your lips," she whispered, surprising him by voicing the identical thought he'd just been having.

She pulled back and dragged her index finger over his bottom lip, her touch gentle.

She was looking at him like he was a juicy Thanksgiving turkey she couldn't wait to dig her teeth into. Blue eyes glimmering with heat. Cheeks flushed with arousal.

His gaze slid south and sure enough, her ni**les had pebbled into two tight peaks.

Had she been this turned on for Carson? It was absurd, that he would be thinking about that now, making jealous comparisons, but he couldn't help it.

Shelby was so different from the women he'd shared with Carson. She might've surprised the hell out of him by suggesting a threesome, but Garrett was certain she didn't do things like that often, and his jealousy slowly transformed into satisfaction. It was obvious she was enjoying herself-she'd already come three times, for f**k's sake-but there was no doubt in his mind that she was enjoying this part of the night a lot more.

Him and her. One on one. Kissing the way he'd wanted them to kiss for more than a year now.

"And your tongue," she added breathlessly, pulling back for air. "I love your tongue even better than your lips."

He chuckled softly and swept his hands over her tailbone. Her skin was moist with sweat, and he was about to offer to turn on the ceiling fan when a cell phone rang. At first Garrett thought it was his, but his pants were sitting at the foot of the bed, and the ringing sounded like it was coming from the living room.

"Shit," Carson said as he came out of the bathroom. "That's me."

His friend was still as naked as the day he was born, but Garrett wasn't particularly fazed. He'd seen Carson naked dozens of times, and the sight of his friend's c**k or bare ass no longer made him uncomfortable.

Carson hurried out of the bedroom, his footsteps echoing in the hallway. A moment later, his muffled voice drifted in from the living room as he spoke to whoever had just called him.

Garrett turned to find Shelby staring at him, her expression one of curiosity. "You guys do this, um, threesome thing often, don't you?" she said awkwardly.

He shrugged. "We were a lot wilder a few years back, before we finished the SEAL

training. We don't do this kinda thing too much anymore."

She looked surprised. "Really?"

He offered a what-can-you-do? smile. "People tend to grow up. Besides, we're out of the country a lot, which makes it hard to, you know, get shitfaced and do the whole menage thing."

"So...why tonight then?"

Deciding that honesty was probably the best policy, he raised his hand to her cheek and stroked her soft skin. "I wanted to be with you. And you wanted a threesome so..."

He let his voice drift.

She was quiet for so long he was surprised when she spoke again. "I wanted to be with you too, John." She averted her eyes. "I would've wanted it even if Carson weren't here."

Before he could respond to her startling confession, the sound of footsteps interrupted him. Carson reappeared in the doorway, a frazzled expression on his face.

"Jenny's car broke down." He had his pants on, but they were unbuttoned and he zipped them up while bending down to retrieve his shirt from the floor. "My sister," he explained when he caught Shelby's questioning expression.

"Is she all right?" Garrett asked. He wasn't surprised, though, since Jenny made it a habit of calling her big brother whenever she needed to get out of a jam. Which was often. Trouble seemed to follow that woman around like a stray dog.

"Car overheated," Carson replied. He poked his head through the neck hole of his shirt and straightened the hem. "She claims she'll die of hyperthermia if I don't come and help." He rolled his eyes, adding, "I, personally, think she doesn't have enough money to pay for a tow truck. She blew her last paycheck on a pair of six hundred dollar shoes-

who the f**k pays that much money for shoes?"

Carson drifted over to the edge of the bed, where a very naked Shelby was still straddling Garrett's lap. With a faint grin, Carson dipped his head and planted a light peck on Shelby's forehead. Garrett immediately experienced another flicker of jealousy, but he smothered the irritating emotion.

"I just want to say that you, Shelby, were absolutely incredible. I'd also like to say we'll do this again sometime, but I highly doubt Garrett will agree to share next time."

Carson chuckled. "He likes your freckles too much. Not so much your fancy coffees, but he totally digs the freckles." He moved away from the bed. "I'll see myself out."

With a mock salute, Carson left the room. A moment later, the sound of the front door latching echoed throughout the apartment.

And then there Garrett was. Alone with Shelby. Naked with Shelby. Just like he'd always dreamed.

He shifted his gaze back to her gorgeous face, wanting to kiss her again, but her perplexed expression made him reconsider. "What did he mean about you not liking my coffee?" she asked slowly.

Garrett managed a noncommittal shrug. "Nothing. Carson rarely makes any sense."

He tried to stroke one of her amazing br**sts but she swatted his hand away.

Then she crossed her arms over bare br**sts, as if covering herself up would force him to have this conversation. He almost laughed. She had no idea how distracting her body was, covered up or not.

"You don't like my mocha lattes," she blurted out, her eyes widening with horror.

Garret sighed.

"But...you buy one practically every day you're not at the base or off on assignment.

You've probably spent hundreds of dollars buying coffee from me. And the cakes-" She gasped. "Do you even like cake?"

He couldn't help but smile. "Yes, Shelby, I like cake. And yes, I might prefer good old black coffee to the elaborate concoctions you sell, but..."

"But what?" Her voice was soft.

"But I'd drink antifreeze if it gave me a chance to see you, all right?"

Something dawned in those dazzling blue eyes of hers. "You come in just to see me?"

"Afraid so."

"Because we're...friends?"

He sighed again. "That too. But mainly because I have a huge f**king thing for you and I've been trying to figure out how to tell you for about a year now."

The silence was so great you could hear fifty pins drop. His admission had obviously stunned her, because she just sat there, staring at him, her firm thighs cradling his still-hard dick. The silence dragged on for so long he wondered if he should repeat the words, maybe in a different language this time since she honestly didn't seem to comprehend what he'd said.

She spoke before he could. "You have a thing for me? Even though you think I'm vanilla?"

He blinked. "What? Who said-aw shit, I knew you were listening in the doorway when I was talking to Carson." He searched her face, suddenly wondering if...had she actually...? "Did you bring us up here to prove something to me?"

She didn't answer, but the telltale blush on her cheeks said it all.

"Jesus, Shelby!"

Frowning at his harsh tone, she crossed her arms tighter over her chest and said, "It wasn't the only reason. I really did want...I've always...it was a fantasy of mine, okay?"

She looked defensive as she said it. "Maybe it makes me a big slut in your eyes, but I've always wanted to experience...you know, two guys."

Now she just looked embarrassed. She tried to climb off his lap, but Garrett gripped her hips and rolled them both over so that she was lying on her back and he was propped up on his elbow, looming over her. Again she attempted to wiggle away from him, so he simply quieted her with a long kiss. She gave a sharp intake of breath before kissing him back, her warm tongue sliding into his mouth.

"I'm not judging you," he murmured when he pulled his mouth away. "And I don't think you're a slut, not at all. I just don't want you to think that you need to, you know, screw my friend in order to make yourself more appealing in my eyes. Truth is, you've always been pretty damn appealing to me."

"Then why didn't you ever say something?" Her eyes were soft as she reached up and touched his chin. "I've been flirting with you for a year, Garrett. You could've given me a sign that you were interested."

She'd been flirting with him for a year? Jeez. Maybe if he hadn't spent so much time trying to figure out a way to ask her out he would've picked up on that flirting. As it was, he felt like a complete idiot for missing the signals she'd apparently been transmitting his way.

"I didn't want you to think I only wanted sex from you," he finally confessed.

"So all that stuff about my freckles and me not being into kinky sex...?"

"That was Carson trying to convince me you weren't interested in me because of my reputation for being a, uh..."

"Man-ho?" she supplied.

He leaned down and kissed the mischievous smile right off her lips. "My man-ho days are over. I was serious when I said I want to be with you."

"This, coming from the guy who just watched his best friend have sex with me."

"I'll admit, that made me jealous as hell," he said gruffly, tucking a strand of blonde hair behind her ear. "But I thought...well, like you said, it was a fantasy of yours. And now that you've gotten it out of your system, maybe we could focus on my fantasy."

Her eyes twinkled. "And what would that be?"

"You."

He brushed his lips over hers, and this time when she deepened the kiss he didn't pull back. No more talking. Right now all he wanted to do was lose himself in Shelby's warm body and sweet lips. He licked his way from her mouth to her neck, sucking gently on her skin and inhaling the intoxicating scent of her. She smelled like flowers and lavender and, ironically enough, vanilla. But Carson had been dead wrong earlier, because there was nothing vanilla about Shelby. No other woman had ever managed to turn him on this fiercely.

He moved his mouth from her neck down to her br**sts, drawing one nipple between his lips. He flicked his tongue over the pebbled nub, enjoying the way she moaned and tangled her fingers in his hair to bring him deeper. He suckled on her other nipple and got another moan for his effort, and then Shelby's fingers had left his hair and were stroking his c**k until he could barely see straight.

"You'll make me come if you keep doing that," he growled.

"I thought man-hoes had excellent restraint."

"I meant what I said about those days being over. I haven't been with anyone for more than a year, Shel."

Her hand dropped from his dick, her expression both startled and wary. "Seriously?"

"Seriously," he confirmed.

The look in her eyes told him she wasn't sure whether to believe him, and again he decided to put an end to all the talking. They could discuss it all later-right now he just wanted to enjoy being naked with Shelby.

The heat in the bedroom was palpable, both from the heat wave outside and the sparks sizzling between them. Inhaling some much-needed oxygen, Garrett slid his hand between her legs and touched her clit, then lower, groaning when he found her pu**y soaking wet.

"Damn it," he squeezed out.

"What's the matter?" He could hear the smile in her voice.

"I'd planned on going slow."

"And you're speaking in the past tense because...?"

"Because the plan was shot to hell the second I felt this. " He palmed her then pushed two fingers inside all that wetness. "God, I need to be inside you."

He grabbed the condom lying next to them and rolled it onto his dick, and a second later he was on top of her, driving into her sweet heat to the hilt.

"Johnny," she gasped, so much pleasure loaded into her voice he didn't bother reminding her how much he hated being called that. Truth was, the name sounded sexy coming from Shelby's lips.

He slid his hands underneath her and cupped her firm ass, pushing himself in deeper, buried so far inside her pu**y he thought he might be hurting her. But her soft groans and the way she tilted her hips spoke otherwise, and soon he was pumping into her without an ounce of finesse. He felt like a horny teenager again, needing to drive his c**k into her over and over again, needing to explode in a climax that was one year in the making.

Shelby didn't seem to mind. If anything, she was moving more erratically than he was, meeting him thrust for thrust, begging him to go faster, and, when fast didn't seem to be enough for her, harder.

"John...I'm going to...oh God..." She dug her fingers into his back, which was now soaked with sweat, and proceeded to fall apart beneath him.

The look of ecstasy in her eyes as she came was enough to send him flying over that same cliff. White-hot pleasure shot down his spine and grabbed hold of his balls, and then he was coming too, his heart damn near bursting, his eyes blinded by the light exploding in front of them.

"Jesus." He gasped out a breath, trying to put what he'd just experienced into more eloquent words. "That was...Jesus."

Apparently Shelby wasn't capable of talking any more than he was, because she simply gave a contented sigh and wrapped her arms tighter around him.

He knew he must be crushing her, so he gently tried rolling off, but she held him in place and murmured, "Stay."

Smiling, he slowly withdrew his still-hard c**k from her tightness, never moving off her while he took off the condom. Then he planted a soft kiss on her lips and said, "Don't worry, I don't plan on going anywhere."

Chapter Five

Shelby woke up the next morning to the sound of rain pounding against the bedroom window. She and Garrett hadn't bothered shutting the curtains last night, and she turned her head and watched as fat raindrops streaked down the glass. Looked like the heat wave had finally broken.

The heat level between the sheets, however, was still at record-breaking levels.

"Don't you ever stop to rest?" she asked as Garrett slid one warm hand underneath her panties and teased her clit with his fingers.

"Nope." He snuggled closer to her, looking ridiculously adorable with his dark hair tousled from sleep and his brown eyes twinkling with mischief.

She still couldn't believe he'd stayed the entire night. Somehow she'd been expecting him to freak out or something, decide he'd made a mistake by sleeping with her and jump out of bed in horror. She thought she'd wake up to find his side of the bed empty, the imprint of his body the only sign that he'd actually been there.

But here he was. Playful and awake and not in the least bit remorseful about what they'd done. It was obvious the only remorse he felt was over the fact that she was still wearing panties, but he quickly took care of that.

"We should really get up," she said reluctantly as his fingers continued their exploration.

He grabbed her hand and dragged it to his crotch. "I'm already up."

A jolt of desire shook her body when she felt his hard-on. Oh yeah. He was definitely up.

She curled her fingers over his shaft and slowly began to stroke him, all the while wondering what had come over her. The alarm clock on her nightstand read nine a.m. She had an entire refrigerator of cakes that needed to be delivered, and yet she couldn't stop touching Garrett, couldn't dissuade her body from responding to those talented fingers of his and the way his thumb circled her clit and... Screw the cakes. Who needed so much sugar this early anyway?

She kicked the tangle of bedcovers off her legs and climbed onto his lap. "Fine. You talked me into it."

Laughing, he reached up and cupped her chin. His warm hands pulled her face toward his. A second later his lips covered hers. The kiss was gentle, a flick of tongue, a nip of teeth, and then he moved his mouth to her neck and lightly sucked on her skin.

Heat curled inside her, then spread through her body, leaving sizzling shivers in its wake. Garrett's morning stubble chafed her skin but the small abrasions only turned her on more. She loved his rough masculinity.

"God, I don't know how I went a whole year without touching you," he groaned into her neck, wrapping his arms tightly around her waist.

She inhaled the spicy scent of him, threaded her fingers through his hair and forced his mouth back to hers. This time his kiss was loaded with hunger and she responded eagerly, pushing her tongue into his mouth and savoring the taste of him. She'd never experienced kisses like this before, hot and hurried and so damn erotic that even her tongue began to tingle.

Leaving one hand on her hips, he moved the other around and lowered it between her legs. Never breaking the kiss, he stroked her deftly, massaged her clit, and then pushed a finger inside her, until the dull ache of desire filled her veins and her thighs trembled.

"No, not yet," she breathed, trying to push his hand away. "I want you inside me."

She reached for the nightstand, where a lone condom sat, just waiting to be torn open. She was suddenly grateful she hadn't let Garrett use it when he'd woken her up with a kiss in the middle of the night. Carson had only had two condoms in his wallet, and since she'd wanted to conserve them she'd rewarded Garrett's wake-up kiss with a blowjob that would go down in history-no pun intended-and now she was glad she'd had the foresight to be condom-stingy.

"You're a sex maniac," Garrett teased as she ripped the corner of the packet and practically threw the condom at him.

"Look at who I've got in my bed. I waited a year for you too, you know."

He rolled the latex over his impressive hard-on, tilting his head as he said, "I still can't believe I missed all those signals you were sending." His hand moved back between her thighs and he groaned when he felt how wet she was. "We could've been doing this ages ago."

She straddled him again and guided his c**k where she wanted it. "Sure, but don't you think it was worth the wait?"

He thrust upwards. "Oh yeah."

God, she didn't think she'd ever get used to having him buried inside her. It felt so good, so right.

She whimpered when he withdrew, wiggled around in an attempt to bring him back where he belonged, but he wouldn't let her. Chuckling softly, he flipped her onto her back and took control, teasing her opening with the tip of his cock.

"I told you I want you inside," she complained.

"Yeah, well, I want it to last. I want you so bad I'm about to explode."

"Then explode."

He shot her a rogue grin. "Not until you do."

She gave one final attempt at getting her way, but he grasped her wrist with his fingers before she could reach for his dick. Then he took her other wrist, shoved both up over her head and locked them together with one strong hand.

"Now be patient," he ordered, his dark eyes flickering with both arousal and amusement.

"Yes sir."

Very slowly, he rubbed his c**k over her opening again, dragging it up and down her wet slit. Each time his tip brushed over her clit she shuddered. And each time she arched her hips he withdrew and shook his head with disapproval. He was still restraining her hands, but his hard grip only drove her wild. She kind of liked being at his mercy, lying beneath him while he did whatever he wanted to her feverish body.

Her br**sts started to tingle, her ni**les hardened, her pu**y clenched, and yet he still didn't enter her. His torturous teasing became too much, her body was too primed, and when he finally plunged into her there was no stopping the orgasm.

It hit her like a freight train. Rushed through her blood, clamped onto her muscles and sucked all the breath right out of her lungs. She heard herself moaning but the sound was muffled by the roar of her pulse in her ears.

Garrett didn't slow down, didn't let her recover. He just tightened his hold on her wrists, biting down on her neck and filling the room with husky groans that signaled he was close.

She wrapped her legs around his waist, her bare feet resting on his taut backside as she lifted her hips off the mattress to bring him in deeper. Keeping her eyes open, she watched as his features strained and his eyes grew heavy-lidded from his impending release.

"Come on, Johnny," she murmured, loving the expression on his face, loving that she was the one who put it there.

He buried his face in the curve of her neck, his c**k began to pulsate, and then- oh yes-he was coming inside her. She could feel his heart racing, thudding against her br**sts like an erratic tribal drum. He groaned, thrust one last time, then grew slack.

"Jesus," he wheezed out. "Is it just me or does it only get better with us?"

Finally letting go of her wrists, he rolled over and pulled her on top of him. She pressed her face against his chest and hooked one leg over his muscular thighs. They lay there for a few long moments, neither of them speaking, neither of them moving, until Garrett reached down and laced his fingers through hers.

"It was definitely worth the wait," he murmured, answering her earlier question.

Her heart leaped up and did a little flip-flop. God, she was outrageously into this man. She'd never imagined he could be so tender, so sweet. She wished she could lie in bed with him forever, hold his hand and kiss him and wake up to his sexy face every morning for the rest of her life.

"Let's stay here forever," he mumbled, echoing her thoughts.

She stroked his rippled chest and planted a kiss on one flat nipple. "I'd love to." The image of a refrigerator full of cakes floated into the foreground of her brain. "But I can't," she added reluctantly.

She shifted and his fingers instantly curled over her hip. "No getting up."

A sigh slid out of her throat. "I have to."

"I forbid it."

Laughing, she disentangled herself from his embrace and got to her feet. Her legs almost gave out on her, the sweet aftershocks of her orgasm still fluttering through her body. "I'm serious. I have an entire refrigerator of cakes that need to be delivered." The alarm clock now read ten-thirty. Damn. She was already cutting it close. A lot of the cakes needed to be delivered by noon.

"Can't you do the deliveries later?" Garrett grumbled.

She smiled at the disappointment flashing in his eyes. "I really can't. But if you want, you can be my driver and hang out with me all day."

No sooner were the words out of her mouth than Garrett's cell phone went off. He swore softly, leaning over the side of the bed and reaching for his cargo pants. He fished his cell out of one of the pockets, frowned when he saw the number on the screen and lifted the phone to his ear. "Garrett," he said briskly.

Shelby watched as he listened to whatever was being said on the other end of the line. He didn't say much, except a couple "Yes, sirs", and a quick, "I'll be right there".

And then he hung up the phone and the disappointment in his eyes deepened into regret.

"That was my commander," he told her.

"Oh." She swallowed. "I take it you have to go?"

He nodded.

"Overseas?"

He was already getting out of bed and fumbling for his clothes. "Probably."

She swallowed harder. "How long will you be gone?"

"No idea, babe. It could be hours, days, weeks, months..." Voice trailing, he pulled on his pants and zipped them up, put on his shirt and headed for the bathroom.

She heard him turn on the faucet, then flush the toilet. He was gone only for a moment, but a moment was all it took for old memories to launch a tired attack. She couldn't remember how many times she'd woken up in the morning-or in the middle of the night-to the sound of Matthew's cell phone ringing. How many times she'd bid him goodbye, only to spend weeks worrying that he'd get shot in the middle of the jungle or get blown up by a land mine. Not that she'd had to worry. Oh no. Matt had been in constant danger, sure, but it turned out most of the danger came from the prostitutes and random strangers he hooked up with in whatever foreign country he'd been deployed to.

Question was, did Garrett share the same habits?

It was an unwelcome thought, not to mention a silly one. Raking both hands through her hair, she leaned against the wall next to the bedroom door for support, wishing she could exorcise the insecurities out of her brain, out of her heart. She had no right to worry about what Garrett might or might not do when he was on assignment. She wasn't his girlfriend or anything, and besides, seeing as she'd had sex with one of his closest friends last night, she really wasn't in a position to judge or reprimand.

"I'm a SEAL, Shel." Garrett's quiet voice filled the room, and when she lifted her head she saw him standing in the doorway of the bathroom, obviously aware of the distress in her eyes. "When the team gets called, we've got no choice but to go wherever they want us."

"I know." Shoot. Did he notice the wobble in her voice?

Yep, he noticed. His expression softened as he stepped toward her and pulled her into his arms. His body was solid and warm against hers, his lips soft as he kissed her on the forehead. "I'll be back before you know it. And then we can continue what we started last night, okay?"

"And will you be starting a similar, um, enterprise with someone else, you know, if you meet a woman when you're gone?" The words came out before she could stop them, and from the flash of hurt she saw in his eyes, she knew she should've worked harder to rein in her fear and insecurity.

Garrett's hands dropped from her waist. "I can't believe you asked me that." He turned away from her, heading to the bed where he'd left his cell phone and tucking it into his pocket. "You honestly think that low of me?"

Whoa. When he turned back, the hurt on his face had tripled, his features now creased with both disbelief and anger.

"I..." She tried to find the right thing to say, if there even was one. "The guy I dated before...he used to f**k around whenever he was away, okay?"

"No, not okay." A muscle twitched in his handsome jaw. "I'm nothing like Matthew-yes, I know all about Matthew, your Marine, and yeah, I'd heard rumors that he couldn't keep his dick in his pants. But I don't do shit like that. I don't screw around on women I happen to care about."

"Garrett..." The fire in his eyes made her reconsider. Closing her mouth, she simply sighed and waited for him to get it all out.

"You think I'd say everything I said, about wanting you, about how crazy I am about you, and then turn around and f**k a stranger? Never mind that I'll be on the job, most likely in a remote corner of the world where the only women I'll encounter would rather strap bombs to their chests than f**k Americans, but damn it. You think I'd do that to you?"

She drew in a long breath, suddenly feeling ridiculously foolish for comparing this man to her ex. Garrett might have a wild past, but she believed him when he claimed to have been celibate for the last year, and in that year, he'd shown up at the cafe almost daily, buying lattes he didn't even like just so he could see her. And last night...God, last night he'd actually watched her have sex with his best friend just because he wanted to let her have the fantasy, because he wanted to be with her. And the way he kissed her...it was packed with way more emotion than anything she'd ever experienced.

Damn it, she really was an idiot.

Obviously Garrett agreed, because he was already making a swift move for the door.

"Fuck this," he muttered. "Obviously our friendship this past year has taught you nothing about me. Obviously everything that happened last night-and mere minutes ago-didn't make any impact on you either. If you don't want to trust me, fine, don't trust me. Screw you, Shelby. I won't jump through hoops over something some other jerk did."

"Garrett-" But it was too late. He was already gone, and jeez, but the man could move. She'd barely made it two steps out of the bedroom after him when she heard the door of the apartment slam shut. A few moments later, the distant sound of an engine starting filled her ears, and then there was nothing but the light pounding of the rain against the windows.

Chapter Six

Garrett had just slung his duffel over his shoulder and was heading across the base toward the waiting Navy helicopter when a familiar voice stopped him in his tracks.

He froze for a second, then turned around and sure enough, Shelby was hurrying toward him. She was wearing a pair of faded jeans and a bright green T-shirt, and her wavy blonde hair was pretty much soaked from the rain.

He managed to hide his surprise as she walked toward him with quick strides. What was she doing here? After the way he'd left things back at her apartment, he hadn't expected to see her again this soon. If ever. Damn, he'd really f**ked up, blowing up at her like that, but could anyone really blame him? He'd made it obvious how much he liked her, how badly he wanted to be with her, and in return she'd asked him if he was going to screw someone else when he was gone. Her distrust in him had been crushing.

Maybe he shouldn't have yelled at her the way he had, but hell, how could she have so little faith in him?

"Do you have a minute?" she asked, pushing wet strands of hair out of her eyes.

It was possibly the most absurd question she could've asked. Not only was the sound of the helicopter blades whirring a clear sign that no, he didn't have a minute, but her polite tone made him want to kick something.

"Who let you out here?" he returned without answering her. His question made more sense, anyway, considering civilians weren't usually allowed in this part of the base.

"I did," came another voice.

Garrett glanced past Shelby's delicate shoulders and saw Carson striding toward them. Stopping only to give Shelby a quick side hug, Carson slung his bag over his shoulder and headed for the helicopter, where the rest of the team was waiting. "Don't f**k this up," Carson called without turning around, his words swallowed by the sound of the rotors.

Garrett glanced back at Shelby, wiping drops of rain from his face. "So...what's up?" Wonderful. Another stupid question to join the mix.

"I couldn't let you leave without..."

She hesitated and his brain quickly filled in the blank.

Breaking up with you.

Voicing my extreme dislike of you.

Kissing you.

"Apologizing," she finished.

"Apologizing," he repeated.

"Yeah." A shaky breath slipped out of her mouth. "I acted like an idiot. A jealous, insecure idiot. And you had every right to walk out on me the way you did."

He shook his head. "I should've stayed."

"Well, I shouldn't have asked you if you planned on sleeping with someone else when you're gone. And I definitely shouldn't have compared you to my ex."

"I shouldn't have said 'screw you'."

She laughed. "That was kind of harsh, but I think I deserved it." Her laughter faded quickly, and he could see the uncertainty floating in her gorgeous blue eyes. "Can you forgive me, Garrett?"

Jesus, he couldn't remember the last time a woman had stood before him and asked for his forgiveness. Usually he was the one doing the asking.

"I know you're probably still mad," she continued quickly, "but I really am sorry for the stuff I said, and I really do want to be with you when you get back. Whenever that is.

I don't care if it's a day or a week or a month. I'll wait. I promise to be here when you come home."

Her words were so earnest that his heart expanded. His mouth went dry, and he couldn't seem to get any words out, which wasn't a good thing because Shelby's face fell as she obviously took his silence as a rejection.

"Yeah, that was probably dumb," she said with a self-deprecating smile. "The I'll wait for you part. A little too Jerry Maguire, huh?" Her gaze drifted to the helicopter roaring behind them. "You should go. I'll just get out of your way and-"

He kissed her. Just kissed her, right there in front of a helicopter full of SEALs a few of whom started whistling.

"It wasn't dumb," he murmured into her lips. "And I'm not mad, Shel. I was before, but God knows I can never stay mad at you." A drop of rain fell directly on her freckled nose and he leaned down to kiss it away. "I'm not going to screw around on you like your ass**le boyfriend did, and now that I know you'll be waiting here for me when I get back, I'll work my ass off to make sure I come home as fast as I can, okay?"

"Is that a promise?"

"It's a guarantee."

"Good." She leaned up on her tiptoes and brushed her lips over his, then gently pushed him away. "You should go."

"Yeah, I really should." Yet he still couldn't stop himself from kissing her once more. This time he slipped her a little tongue.

"Go," she ordered, looking breathless and happy and so ridiculously hot he was almost tempted to face the wrath of his commander and simply not get on the chopper.

But she gave him another shove and repeated, "Go."

"Fine," he grumbled.

"I'll see you when you get back."

"Good."

He'd only taken a few steps toward the waiting helicopter when he stopped and turned to shoot her a devilish look. "Hey, you know that ice thing you were doing last night?" he called. "When you were rubbing it all over yourself and pretty much driving me crazy?"

Laughing, she waited expectantly for him to continue.

"Well, when I come home, we're taking out the ice again. I don't care if there's a heat wave or not. I'm definitely rubbing a couple of ice cubes all over your very un-vanilla self, all right?"

"Is that a promise?" she called back.

"Nope." He grinned and repeated his earlier words. "It's a guarantee."

