Chapter One

Wicked hands.

Wet tongue.

Body aching, pulsing, throbbing.

The erotic images jolted Mackenzie Wade out of an already agitated sleep. Outside her rambling old ranch house, the wind howled, slapped against the shingles of the ancient roof and shook the walls with a ferocity that had her heart pounding faster. Rain slid over the windowpanes, leaving wet streaks on the glass, and the ominous rumbling of thunder and white flashes of lightning were a startling combination of light and dark, silence and chaos.

She hated storms. When she was a kid, the arrival of a thunderstorm would send her running into her older sister's bedroom, where she'd burrow under the covers with Alice, shut her eyes and wait for the powerful display of nature to subside.

Nowadays she didn't cower. Tonight's storm was violent, but it wasn't what woke her. Oh no. The carnal vision was responsible for that.

It wasn't a vision.

She said the words in her head a few times, hoping the repetition would convince her wired brain the images that had just flashed through it were not of the psychic variety. But both mind and body refused to accept it.

The physical symptoms were there-dizziness, numbness in her fingers and toes, the burning in her temples that was neither painful nor pleasant. Her brain also showed signs of extrasensory activity. She could practically feel it humming, synapses and neurotransmitters crackling and hissing.

It wasn't a vision.

With a sigh, she hopped out of bed and headed for the door. The hardwood floor under her bare feet was icy, prompting her to slip into a pair of thick wool socks before descending the stairs and heading for the kitchen.

She brewed herself a cup of herbal tea and leaned against the large cedar work island in the middle of the country-style room.

Warm lips dragging over fevered flesh...

"No," she whispered.

It was too late. Her body reacted instantly. Nipples hardened into tight peaks, thighs trembled, stomach clenched. For God's sake. It wasn't like she was hard up for sex or anything. She'd only broken up with Dan a couple of weeks ago. Her body shouldn't be this hungry.

Just a dream, she told herself. Because no way would she have had a vision about Will Charleston. Will, for God's sake. Her best friend. The one man in her life she'd always been able to count on. He was the broad shoulder she leaned on, the ear she whispered her secrets into, the arms that caught her when she fell. He wasn't the man she'd envisioned having wild animal sex with. He couldn't be.

Even after years of living with this gift-and she used the term loosely-she still wasn't entirely sure how it worked. The images came and went. Sometimes a mundane detail, like the image of Amy, the owner of the bakery, burning a rack of brownies. Other times the images were more troubling. A car accident, her neighbor Mrs. Harrison breaking her back, a death. Visions of the future and always the future of others-she'd never seen herself in a vision.

Which meant that it had all been a dream. A figment of her imagination. She'd only imagined her naked body sprawled across cool white sheets, devoured by Will's talented mouth and eager hands. Only imagined the delicious stretching of her body as his thick c**k penetrated her, thrust into her, drove her over the edge.

A dream.

A wicked dream that wasn't going to come true. Especially not tonight.

She sipped her tea, the hot liquid warming her insides. The storm continued to rage, the wind shrieked, the rain pounded.

The pounding grew louder. It took a moment to realize that it wasn't the rain after all. Someone was knocking on the door.

Wariness climbed up her throat like a vine. She'd taken two steps toward the kitchen doorway when her eyesight blurred. Temples throbbed. Light-headed. Numb.

Long fingers gripping her ass, digging into her flesh.

Hot mouth clasping over a rigid nipple.

I want you, Mackenzie. Now. Always.

She swallowed hard. What was happening? She couldn't shut out the mental assault, the seductive images prickling at her mind like dozens of little bee stings.

The knocking grew incessant.

Sucking in a breath, she walked to the front door and reached for the knob. Her fingers froze over the metal as a rush of heat suddenly torpedoed into her and settled between her legs.

"Who's there?" she called shakily.

"Mac, open up. I'm getting drenched out here."

Droplets of rain sprinkling onto her lips.

Tongues tangling.

No. Oh God, no.

"Let me in, Mackenzie."

She slowly opened the door then stepped aside as a very wet Will Charleston pushed his way inside.

"What are you doing here?" she blurted. "It's past midnight. And in case you hadn't noticed, there's a hurricane out there."

"Thunderstorm," he corrected. "It was a bitch driving all the way out here from Coronado in this rain, but I needed to see you."

Her mouth grew dry. "Why? What's so important that you risked getting into a car accident over?"

"I think you know."

Four words. Smoky with seduction and shrouded with erotic promise.

This couldn't be happening.

And yet everything about the situation, everything about him, spoke otherwise.

His dark eyes glimmered with passion. His sensual mouth was set in a firm line, his defined jaw tight, as if he'd come here prepared for her to fight him. She'd never seen Will like this before. Raw masculinity seemed to ooze out of his pores. It teased her, taunted at her, wrapped around her like a lover's touch and caused every nerve in her body to tingle.

He shrugged out of his navy blue windbreaker and tossed it on the wooden bench next to the front door. Next he kicked off his boots. Drops of rain slid from his dark hair, down his rugged face and dripped onto the floor.

He strode into the living room without invitation. Not that he needed one. Will had always been welcome in her home and he was there often, filling the house with his comforting presence.

Tonight she wasn't comforted. Tonight his presence was...different. Masculine. Passionate. Dangerous.

"It's time we talked about what happened last week," he said in that rough voice of his.

She gulped. "Nothing happened last week." Darn it, why did he have to bring it up? She'd hoped that during the past seven days, while he'd been traipsing around in the jungle, he might have forgotten about it.

He tilted his head, those bottomless dark eyes piercing right through the lie and glittering with challenge. "I beg to differ."

He moved closer and the spicy scent of his aftershave wafted into her nostrils. She inhaled it, nearly keeling over backwards as the sexy aroma surrounded her and grasped her senses. God, he smelled good.

"You kissed me," he said gruffly.

"It was a mistake."

"We both know that's not true." Another step toward her. "Do you know that this past week has been torture for me? You kissed me, Mac, and the next morning I had to get on a chopper, without getting the chance to talk to you about it." He visibly swallowed. "The entire time I was gone, I was thinking of you. Aching for you. So don't try to shrug it off, or call it a mistake. Because we both know it wasn't."

Warm hands cupping her br**sts.

A pinch to her ni**les.

Pain.

Pleasure.

Her thighs squeezed together and a gasp escaped her lips.

He was at her side in an instant, stroking her temples with his long fingers. "Hey, you all right?"

"I'm fine," she squeezed out.

"What did you see?"

Damn it, why did he have to know her so well? She wished she'd never confided in him about the visions. Past experience told her that most people didn't understand the visions. Hell, she didn't understand them either.

What she did understand was that it scared people. Men, especially. Her former boyfriends had never seemed to be able to handle the visions. They fled the moment a particularly upsetting one hit her, looking at her like she was the angel of death or something. Though they vehemently denied it, claiming they were dumping her for an entirely different reason, she knew they considered her a freak.

And hell, sometimes she didn't blame them. Sometimes, usually after seeing the death of someone she knew, she felt like a freak.

"What did you see?" Will repeated.

Their gazes collided and the fire she saw in his eyes sucked the breath out of her lungs like a vacuum. He was so sexy. Magnetic eyes, chiseled features, and a sexy body that looked way too good in a pair of faded jeans and a snug T-shirt. His job as a SEAL assured that he always stayed in shape, hard, sleek, and muscled. He was the best-looking man she'd ever known, and the one man she'd never allowed herself to get involved with. Her lovers never stayed in her life long. Her best friend, on the other hand? Well, he was always by her side.

But would he remain there if he knew her intimately? If they shared a bed, if she woke him up from sleep with her screams and tears after a nasty vision? Not to mention her complete inability to lose control in the bedroom. She wasn't one to give in to self-pity, but when it came to relationships, she was a mess. A freak.

And it would crush her, losing her best friend just because she'd been foolish enough to f**k him.

"Either we talk about what you saw, or we talk about the kiss." Will's brows were drawn together in a frown. "Your choice, Mac."

Neither. She wanted to talk about neither.

She edged toward the oversized leather sofa, hoping he'd take her silence and attempt at creating distance between them as a sign to back off. But the words back off were not part of his vocabulary and he only stepped closer, so that she was trapped between his big, hard body and the arm of the couch.

"Why did you kiss me?" he asked roughly.

She found the courage to meet his gaze. "I was upset about the break-up with Dan. And drunk. Very, very drunk. I...wasn't thinking."

He didn't answer for a long while. So long that she didn't think he would even reply. And she was right. He didn't reply. Instead, he grasped her chin with his hands and then his mouth covered hers.

The kiss was scarier than the vision. The kiss was real.

She was helpless to fight it, though the relentless ache between her legs wouldn't have let her fight anyway. Will's hot mouth rubbed over hers in a slow kiss, his lips firm but deliciously soft, his fingers warm against her cheeks. He deepened the kiss, thrusting his tongue between her lips. He sought out her tongue and swirled over it, the taste of him assaulting her senses and making her knees wobble.

He immediately slid one hand to her waist to hold her steady, curling his fingers over her hip, his touch searing through the cotton material of her nightshirt and scorching her skin.

She couldn't move. Couldn't think. All she was capable of doing was sagging into his hard chest and drowning in those intoxicating lips of his.

The kiss grew harder, greedy, almost frantic. He licked her bottom lip then sucked it hard into his mouth, eliciting a whimper from deep in her chest. And his tongue...it was too demanding, too precise as it flicked over hers, thrust in and out of her mouth, mimicking what she knew he wanted to do to her with his cock.

Fire consumed her body, growing hotter and stronger when he shoved one hard thigh between her legs and ground against her throbbing core. The long ridge of his c**k pressed into her mound. She could feel him pulsing, swelling, and the thought of having all that hard, male flesh deep inside her made her gasp with pleasure.

"I want you, Mackenzie," he murmured against her trembling lips. "Now. Always."

The words swiftly jolted her back to reality. She stumbled back, nearly tripping over the couch before regaining her equilibrium. She blinked wildly, trying not to look at his flushed face, the wild lust glimmering in his black eyes. This was Will. Her best friend since she was fifteen years old. For God's sake, she couldn't fall into bed with him, no matter how incredible a kisser he was, no matter how much her body shouted for her to do it.

"We can't," she managed, her voice sounding too desperate to her ears.

"We can," he corrected.

Before she could move farther away, he pulled her against him again and cupped her ass, pushing his pelvis into her so she could feel his unmistakable erection. He dipped his head, his lips hovering over her ear, his hot breath fanning over her skin. "You've been doing this to me from the moment I met you, Mac."

"Will-"

"Don't." His breath tickled her earlobe. "Don't make excuses, or give me reasons why we can't do this. I've stood patiently on the sidelines for fifteen years, watched you date other men, waited for you to see what's in front of you. But I'm tired of waiting."

She swallowed back a moan as he took her earlobe into his mouth and suckled on it. Heart thudding against her ribcage, she wondered how it would feel having Will suckle other parts of her body. Her ni**les instantly hardened. Her clit swelled.

"You opened the door to this when you kissed me," he continued huskily. "And if I didn't think you wanted it, I'd turn around and walk out the door right now. But you want it, Mac. You want it very, very badly."

She lifted her head and looked into his eyes. She'd never seen him like this, so damn sure of himself, so cocky. God help her, but she liked it. And from the look on his sexy face, he knew it. She'd spilled so many secrets to this man. She didn't have many girlfriends, and sharing her deepest darkest fantasies with Will, her closest friend, hadn't seemed wrong at the time. Now it unnerved her, the knowledge that he knew precisely what she wanted from a lover.

He dragged his index finger along the seam of her lips and rotated his hips, his erection rubbing over the thin boxer shorts she'd worn to bed.

"You're turned on, aren't you?" he whispered.

The word "yes" slipped out before she could stop it.

A faint smile tugged at his sensual mouth. "Maybe we should do something about that."

"You're my best friend," she squeaked.

"Not tonight." He gave a decisive nod, punctuated by another thrust of his groin. "Tonight I'm not your friend, Mac. Tonight I'm the man who's going to f**k you senseless."

She moaned.

He merely smiled again, before his eyes narrowed and his features grew taut. "Last chance, Mac. If you want me to leave, say the word. If not, then you can't fight this any longer." He cocked his head, dark eyes cloudy with both anticipation and challenge. "What'll it be?"

She swallowed. A part of her wanted to tell him to go, leave before things got out of hand. Another part of her realized that it was too late. This was already out of hand, and the only thing to do now was ride it out.

"Stay," she murmured.

"Very good decision."

He kissed her again, and this time she responded with fervor. As their tongues tangled, she couldn't fight that wave of disbelief flooding through her, the voice that kept reminding her who she was playing tonsil hockey with at the moment. It was surreal, kissing Will. Surreal and yet so incredible she didn't think she'd ever get enough.

Outside, the rain continued to pour from the sky, slapping into the house and causing the walls to shudder as violently as her body. The sound of the pounding rain matched the pounding of her heart, the howl of the wind echoed the desire howling through her body.

She groaned in disappointment when Will broke the kiss, but he ignored the protest and lifted her up into his arms. At five-eight, she could hardly be considered petite, but Will made her feel as light as a feather as he carried her up the stairs and across the dark hallway toward her bedroom.

He deposited her on the bed, placed her on the already tangled sheets and shot her a pointed look.

"W-what is it?" she asked.

"You know what I want, Mac. Give it to me."

Her pulse raced, the thump-thump of her heart reverberating in her ears. The taunting rasp of his voice told her exactly what he wanted. What she'd confessed to wanting herself.

She drew in a breath and filled her lungs with much-needed oxygen. Then, never breaking the gaze, she shimmied out of her boxers and threw them aside. Her pu**y was exposed, smooth and bare from a recent visit to the salon, wet from the arousal Will Charleston elicited inside her.

Darkness bathed the bedroom, making it hard to decipher his expression.

"Turn over."

His order coincided with a flash of lightning that illuminated his face and revealed the seductive glimmer in those piercing black eyes.

Without taking off her nightshirt, she rolled over and positioned herself so she was on her hands and knees. She lifted her ass into the air, stifling a moan when she heard him move closer. His clothing rustled, and then his hands caressed her bare bottom.

Shivers scurried down her spine. She waited.

"Will," she murmured.

She flinched when she felt the sting of his palm against her ass.

"No talking." His voice was gravelly. "I want you stay on your knees, stay quiet, while I do what I want with you."

Moisture soaked her inner thighs. Who was this man? It couldn't be Will, couldn't be the man she'd confided in and depended on for so many years. He had become a different person. Demanding, bold, sexy. She ought to be angry at him for talking to her this way, commanding her as if she were nothing more than a warm cunt solely there for his pleasure, but she wasn't angry. She was aroused. Hot. Aching.

"That's the fantasy, isn't it, baby?" She felt his warm breath on her cheeks, tickling her exposed slit. "You don't want to be in control anymore. You want a man who'll take what he pleases from you."

He was reciting her own words back to her, each one causing her to grow wetter.

Yes, it was what she wanted. What she'd always wanted. Living with the visions required holding on to every ounce of control and willpower she possessed. She constantly had to keep herself grounded, restrained, if only to preserve her sanity, sanity that was threatened with each new vision. The restraint followed her into the bedroom, caused her to take charge of her sexual encounters so she wouldn't feel vulnerable.

That's how she felt right now. Vulnerable. And with that unfamiliar emotion came a sense of liberation.

"So are you going to be a good girl while I take what I want?" he asked roughly.

She managed a nod.

"Is that a yes?"

"Yes," she choked out.

"Good."

She trembled when his finger slid down the crease of her ass toward her wet slit. He toyed with her opening, dipping his finger into the moisture pooled there. She thrust her ass out, desperate to feel those long, talented fingers inside her, but he ignored the silent protest and moved his hand away. His index finger danced north again, this time rubbing her ass, teasing the puckered hole. At the first feel of the erotic invasion, she clamped her teeth down on her bottom lip to stifle a cry of pleasure.

His soft chuckle broke through the silence draping over the dark room. "You like it, don't you, baby? My finger inside your tight ass..."

She shuddered. Anticipation so great, so intense, slammed into her and had her sagging against the mattress. "Will," she started, but he silenced her with another gentle slap.

He pushed the tip of his finger into her ass. When a moan escaped her lips, he spanked her again.

Oh God. She wasn't sure she could take any more of this. Her entire body reacted to him. Muscles taut, legs quivering, ni**les as hard as icicles.

The hiss of a zipper being tugged down filled the air. Will's finger left her skin. She heard him slide out of his jeans, the denim making a soft thud as it hit the hardwood floor. Lightning flashed against the windowpane. A crash of thunder followed. She held her breath. She waited. And still he made no move to touch her again.

Eagerness coiled in her belly, wrapped hold of her br**sts and her throbbing sex. Her skin was tight, muscles tense, and she knew, any second now, she'd explode. The ripples of her impending orgasm rose to the surface, danced just out of reach.

It seemed like hours before he spoke again.

"You've got such a sweet pu**y," he murmured. "I can't wait to f**k it."

She whimpered, wanting to beg him to do it, to slide his thick c**k deep inside her, but she stayed quiet like he'd ordered.

He moved closer, the tip of his penis brushing over her ass cheeks and leaving a bead of pre-come on her skin.

Long fingers gripping her ass, digging into her flesh...

She climaxed before he even entered her.

The orgasm tore into her body and sizzled down her spine, bringing with it streaks of lightning and a crash of thunder that had nothing to do with the storm wreaking havoc outside the farmhouse. Dear God. She gasped for air, coming hard and fast, her soft cries and uncontrollable moans filling the bedroom.

She sank forward on her hands, unable to hold herself up, but Will grabbed her hips and forced her to stay in position. He plunged his c**k into her, the force of the thrust causing her to gasp again.

"Take it in," he muttered, his fingers clutching her ass. "All of it, Mackenzie."

She inhaled deeply, forcing her muscles to relax. He was big, his c**k long and thick as it penetrated her to the hilt. With past lovers, she'd only taken in what she wanted, didn't allow them to push the boundaries, but Will didn't give her a choice. He slammed into her roughly, the only sound in the room that of flesh slapping against flesh and the low groans sliding out of his throat.

He gripped her hips tightly and drove into her with a pace that was feverish and wild. Her inner muscles clasped over his cock. "You're so tight, Mac," he ground out.

Rotating his hips, he slowed his pace, his warm hand reaching down to find her swollen clit. He rolled the nub between his fingers, massaging it gently.

Arousal spun through her like a tornado, blowing across her flushed skin until she could barely breathe from the heat consuming her body. Will grabbed her hand and brought it up to her clit, forced her to rub the slick flesh. She stroked herself, feeling another orgasm swell inside her. His breath was hot on the back of her neck as he pushed his c**k into her again, slowly this time. Both arms wrapped around her from behind, his hands finding her br**sts. He palmed each one and teased her rigid ni**les with his thumbs.

"Yes," she choked out. "Like that, touch me just like that." Her climax grew closer, closer, closer...

He pinched her ni**les. Hard.

Pain. Pleasure.

The incredible sensation sizzled her ni**les, then scurried down her spine and grabbed hold of her sex.

She cried out his name as she came again, clawing at the sheets. He thrust into her, out and in and in and out until she had no clue where one orgasm began and another ended. Sweat coated her forehead, her legs felt numb, her body on fire.

Will's fingers curled over her hips as he f**ked her. She wanted to turn her head and see his expression. Wanted to know if he was as needy and aroused and overwhelmed as she was. But when she tried to tilt her head, he tangled his fingers in her dark hair and forced her to stay put.

A moment later he let out a hoarse cry, and then he poured his seed inside her. He gave a few more lazy thrusts before finally withdrawing. Her body instantly felt the loss. She whimpered in disappointment and fell onto the mattress, her br**sts aching against the material of her nightie.

Rolling onto her back, she looked up at Will, her best friend, the man who'd just rocked her entire world. He still wore his black long-sleeved T-shirt, but sweat coated the front, causing the material to cling to his rippled chest. She lowered her gaze and feasted on his lower body, the firm muscular thighs, the hard c**k that had just brought her to a level of pleasure she'd never known.

Swallowing, she locked her gaze with his, floored by the stark desire she saw in his stormy dark eyes.

She managed a hesitant smile, suddenly feeling far too exposed as she lay on the bed in front of him, naked from the waist down. "Well," she started then cringed at the ridiculous conversation opener. "That was..." she struggled for words, "...nice."

Nice? Yeah right. The word didn't come close to doing justice to what just happened between them.

His gaze swept over her face, his expression flickering with both approval and amusement. With a crooked grin, he grabbed his collar and peeled the shirt off his spectacular chest.

Moving closer, he swept his tongue over his lower lip and said, "We're just getting started, Mackenzie."

Chapter Two

Will tossed his shirt aside and headed for the bed. He'd never seen anything sexier than the sight of Mackenzie lying on that bed, her silky black hair fanned across the pillow underneath her head, her legs spread open so wide he couldn't help but feast his eyes on those damp, bare folds. Her pu**y was tighter than he'd expected, her reaction to his sexual ministrations far more powerful than he could've ever anticipated.

He'd wanted this woman from the second he'd met her, back in sophomore year. She was f**king gorgeous, with all that tousled, raven-colored hair, eyes as blue as a glacier lake, that sexy, leggy body. After she'd promptly relegated him to friend territory, he'd learned to appreciate her other attributes. The sharp wit, the contagious laughter, even the damn visions. Oh, he knew all about the visions, and he was well aware that those psychic images were responsible for her determination to fight the attraction between them. She thought her gift scared men away. Maybe it did. But he wasn't some men. He was the man.

And tonight he intended to show Mackenzie exactly what he had to offer.

Never taking his eyes off her, he lowered his body onto the mattress and pressed it to hers. When he noticed she still wore her thin gray nightshirt, he snatched the hem in his hands and pulled the garment off her. His mouth watered at the sight of her tits. Full, perky, with small rosy ni**les that stood to attention the moment his gaze dropped to them.

Mackenzie shivered.

He smiled faintly and reached out to stroke the swell of one breast. "What did you see tonight?" he asked roughly.

She blinked, surprised by the question. "What?"

He massaged one tantalizing breast, enjoying the way her skin flushed under his gentle caress. "The vision in the living room. What did you see?"

"Nothing. There was no vision."

She was lying. He always knew when she was being dishonest, saw it in the way her forehead creased, the way she averted her eyes.

"Tell me what you saw."

"No."

He removed his hand from her breast. Obvious disappointment shone in her blue eyes. She tried to guide his hand back to her tits, but he set his mouth in a firm line. "Tell me."

A long silence stretched between them. The sound of rain hitting the windowpane filled the dark bedroom, a rhythmic pounding that echoed the thudding of his pulse. Mac shifted her head, and her hair tickled the bottom of his chin. He inhaled the scent of lilac and vanilla. The flowery aroma mingled with the sweet scent of sex lingering between them, flooding his senses and making his c**k twitch. He wanted to f**k her again, but quickly reined in the desire. Not yet. Not until she told him what she'd seen, what had freaked her out so badly in the living room.

"I saw..." She sucked in a breath, then released it slowly, the warm stream of air heating his collarbone. "I saw you."

He raised one brow. "Me."

"Yes."

"What else?"

"This."

"Be more specific."

She let out a strangled groan. "I saw you f**king me, okay? I felt your c**k inside me, your tongue all over my skin, your fingers dragging over every inch of my body. Satisfied?"

"Oh yeah." He touched her chin and forced her to look at him. "Did it scare you?"

"What do you think?"

Her voice sounded so forlorn that he couldn't help but chuckle. "Are you scared now?"

"No."

"Good," he said with a nod. Shifting over, he propped himself up on one elbow and eyed her curiously. "I want to know more."

"I already told you everything. I had a vision of the two of us having sex. What more could you want?"

"I want you to tell me exactly what you saw." He cupped one breast again and squeezed. "And while you tell me, I'm going to make every last detail come true." He saw the hesitation in her sexy eyes and frowned. "Too late to back out, remember? So start talking, Mac."

Her delicate throat bobbed as she swallowed. "In the vision your mouth was on my br**sts."

He moved over so that he straddled her smooth, firm thighs. His c**k nestled against her slick pu**y, but he resisted the urge to slide inside that tight paradise. His mouth hovered over her br**sts as he murmured, "What was I doing?"

"Kissing. Licking."

He dipped his head and trailed open-mouth kisses along her skin. Fuck, he loved the taste of this woman. Sweet, spicy, deliciously feminine. His tongue darted out, traced the swell of one breast, then the other. "What else?"

"You were sucking my ni**les."

"Hard? Gentle?"

"Hard," she wheezed out. "It...hurt. In a good way. I almost came from the feel of your teeth biting into me."

He ignored the ever-growing hardness between his legs and brought the vision to life. He licked each nipple, flicked his tongue over them, and then drew one deep into his mouth. He sucked roughly, captured the tight bud between his teeth and bit it lightly.

"Like that?"

"Yes," she gasped.

He circled her areola with his tongue, squeezing her other breast with his hand and feeling her heart pounding against his palm. His c**k was so stiff he could barely move. He brushed his tongue over her flushed skin, then cupped her br**sts and pushed them together so he could feast on both ni**les. He was rougher than usual, nibbling on each turgid bud, sucking so hard he thought he might hurt her. But she didn't seem to be in distress. Instead she moaned relentlessly, tangled her fingers in his hair and held onto his head to keep it on her tits.

With a ragged breath, he pulled back. "What else happened in the vision?"

"You kissed your way down my body."

With a satisfied nod, he dragged his mouth south. He didn't leave one inch of her smooth, creamy skin unkissed. He circled her belly button with his tongue, rubbed his lips over her hipbones, her flat stomach, all the way down to her bare cunt.

She moaned and arched her hips, thrusting into his waiting mouth.

"Did I lick you in the vision?" he muttered.

She responded with a soft sigh, which he took as a yes.

Parting her thighs with his palms, he pressed his lips to her and gave her one lazy lick. She tasted so damn sweet he couldn't help but lap up her juices, before pushing his tongue inside her wet hole, thrusting in and out.

"What else?" he demanded, lifting his mouth a fraction of an inch. "What else did I do?"

"You...sucked on my clit."

From the way she choked out the words, he could tell she was having trouble speaking. Good. He wanted her mindless with lust, wanted her to realize the pleasure he could bring her, the pleasure only he could bring her.

His pulse drummed in his ears, making it hard to think, breathe, act. But this wasn't about him. This was about Mackenzie. He lowered his lips again and flicked his tongue over her swollen clit. When she bucked her hips, he reached for her legs and lifted each one over his shoulders. He tongued her for a few delicious moments, groaning when she wrapped her legs tighter over his shoulders and locked her ankles together.

Fuck, he didn't know how long he could hold out. His c**k was harder than ever, soaked with pre-come and pleading to be inside Mac's tightness again.

With a strangled breath, he raised his head and met her glazed eyes. "Did I make you come in the vision?"

She nodded, her expression tortured and aroused, her cheeks red with desire. "Twice."

He arched a brow. "That's a tall order."

A tiny grin tugged at the corners of her lush mouth. "I think you can handle it."

"I can handle anything you throw my way, baby."

He grinned back then dipped his head between her legs before she had a chance to reply to the arrogant remark.

Latching his lips over her clit, he sucked the tight bud in his mouth. Mac cried out, the cry transforming into a sexy moan when he shoved one finger deep inside her. He added a second finger, then a third. Fingered her hard while he tongued her sweet spot until a low groan slipped from her throat and she exploded.

"Oh God...Will!"

Satisfaction like he'd never experienced penetrated the very core of him, and his name on her lips made his c**k twitch uncontrollably. He nearly blew his load right then and there, from the feel of her clit pulsating against his tongue and her inner muscles clamping down on his fingers. She writhed on the bed, murmuring his name over and over again, and just when he felt her orgasm subside, he moved his other hand to her ass and shoved a finger inside it. Another groan, wild with desire, slipped from her lips and she came a second time.

"Is that what you saw?" he murmured after she'd stopped shuddering.

She replied with a breathy moan.

Smiling, he slid up her body and covered her mouth with his. She kissed him back with fervor, her tongue eager and greedy as it explored every crevice of his mouth. He could still taste her on his lips and knowing she could taste it too quickened his pulse and drove him wild with arousal.

"I saw a lot more," she whispered into his lips.

"Yeah? Tell me."

"No. I'd rather show you."

With the hint of a smile, she slid her hand between their slick, naked bodies and curled her fingers over his rock-hard shaft. White-hot pleasure sliced through him at the exact moment a streak of lightning lit up the bedroom. The light washed over Mac's face and the raw lust he saw flashing across it made his c**k jerk in her hand.

She crawled down his body and took his dick into her mouth. The sight of her rosy lips wrapped around him caused his balls to tighten. His mind swam in a sea of excitement as her warm tongue devoured his cock, licking him from base to tip, grazing the sensitive underside and swirling over his balls. He couldn't count the number of times he'd imagined this, fantasized about this.

"Do you like what I'm doing?" Her voice came out throaty, making her sound like the seductress she was.

"Oh yeah."

She licked the drop of moisture that squeezed out of his tip and he shuddered. He was dangerously close to coming, so much so that he yanked her up by the hair and forced her greedy mouth away from his cock.

Gripping her waist with his hands, he ground his c**k against her pu**y and kissed her roughly. Her arms came up and wrapped around his neck. "I want you inside me again," she said softly.

"No."

A cloud of annoyance washed across her face. "Why the hell not?"

"Because we need to get a couple of things straight first."

"I already don't like the sound of this."

"Too f**king bad." He locked his gaze with hers and added, "This isn't going to be one night, Mackenzie."

"Will-"

"You're not going to shove me back in the friend zone when we wake up tomorrow."

From the flicker of guilt he saw in her eyes, he realized that's exactly what she'd planned to do. Chalk this night up to a one-night-stand, or a fluke, and try to make things go back to normal. He knew her too damn well, knew how her mind worked, and right now, her mind continued to hold on to the fear that he'd leave her.

The unfounded fear. Because he would never leave her. He didn't care about her visions, and he certainly didn't agree with her ridiculous notion that if she let him in, she'd lose him.

Steel lacing his tone, he added, "We belong together, baby."

Her features creased with pain. "You're my best friend, Will."

Frustration coiled inside of him like a rattlesnake. He was so freaking sick of hearing those words. "So what?" he shot back. "I can be your lover too."

She tried to edge away, but he held on tight. "You won't lose me, damn it. Your visions don't scare me, Mac. I won't walk away from you the next time you see the damn future."

"You don't get it. I can't control what I see, or when I see it." She sounded frazzled. "Men don't get it. It annoys them, that I'm always in control, that I can't just ignore the visions and focus solely on them."

"I don't expect you to ignore what you see."

"I'm hard to live with."

"You're harder to live without."

"It's hard for me to let go of control in the bedroom."

"You let go tonight."

"Stop being so f**king logical."

He grinned. "I can't help it. We make sense together. You know it's true."

She looked like she was about to argue so he silenced her with a kiss. While his tongue tangled with hers, he stroked her br**sts with one hand, moving the other between her legs. She moaned the second his fingers brushed over her clit and he decided maybe it was time to show her again, show her how well they fit together, how fiercely he could turn her on, how much she needed him by her side.

He flipped her over onto her back and crushed her body with his. Without giving her time to react, he slid his entire length inside her. She gasped, then lifted her pelvis to draw him in deeper.

Shaking his head, he grasped her hips to stop her from moving. "Tell me you want to be with me."

The command elicited an annoyed groan from her. She tried bucking up again, but he held her in place.

"Tell me."

"Will-"

"Say it. Say you want to be with me."

"I..." He watched her face, saw the myriad of emotions flickering in her eyes. "I..."

Fear. Her expression shone with fear. Damn it. She still thought she would lose him if she gave in. After everything that had just happened, she still believed he would be like all the other ass**les in her life and leave her.

"Say it," he pleaded softly.

She swallowed then stared up at him with regret. "I can't," she finally whispered.

Before he could reply, she wiggled out from underneath him, leaving his c**k and his heart aching for her.

"I can't," she repeated, and then hurried out of the bedroom.

A second later, he heard the bathroom door in the hallway slam shut.

Mackenzie sank down on the closed toilet seat, burying her face in her hands and trying unbelievably hard not to cry. The voices in her head screamed at her to go back to the bedroom, but she couldn't do it. Couldn't face Will, couldn't stand to see the love and frustration in his eyes.

Tonight had been a mistake. She shouldn't have succumbed to her desire. She should've tried harder to resist him.

Say you want to be with me.

The sound of his smoky voice filled her mind, bringing tears to her eyes. Outside, the storm continued to wail, making it difficult to hear anything but the sound of the rain against the window and the wind rocking the house. But she could imagine what was going on in the bedroom. Will gathering his clothes, zipping up his jeans. The material of his windbreaker rustling as he slid it over his powerful shoulders.

She'd hurt him just now, refusing to say what he wanted. But though the idea of causing Will pain made the tears fall faster, she couldn't give him what he wanted.

He didn't understand. He claimed to, but how could he? So far, he'd only seen what she'd allowed him to see. He'd never been with her when a vision of death came, and no matter how many times he insisted it wouldn't bother him, she knew it would.

Dan had said the same thing, and look what happened with him.

The memory of that night two weeks ago flooded her brain, making her eyelids sting. Someone from town, an elderly man named Colin Garber, had died that night. Burned to death in his bed after his house had caught fire.

And across town, Mac had been in bed with Dan, asleep after a slightly bland lovemaking session. Only to be woken up by images of fire and pain. She could smell the smoke, feel the heat of the flames as they'd devoured poor Mr. Garber. She hadn't been able to make it to the bathroom, and, mortified, she'd thrown up at the side of the bed, while tears streamed down her cheeks. It was a common physical reaction to a violent vision, the nausea, the shortness of breath, the uncontrollable sobs.

It had been too much for Dan. He'd broken things off that night.

No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't believe it would be any different with Will. Oh, he might pretend it didn't freak him out, stick it out for a week, a month, maybe even a year. But eventually he'd get sick of it. Of her, and the visions, and the constant chaos.

Better to put a stop to this now, before...before what? Before she lost her best friend?

She laughed humorlessly. After tonight, she'd probably lost him anyway.

The sound of footsteps in the hall confirmed that devastating thought. Lifting her head, she listened, waited for him to approach the bathroom door, but he didn't. A creak rang out, indicating he'd passed the noisy fourth step on the staircase. Then a few seconds of silence, finally followed by the sound of the front door shutting.

Tears poured down her cheeks. He'd left. Not that she was surprised. She'd all but thrown him out.

Yet it still hurt.

Legs shaking, she rose from the toilet and approached the sink. She stared at her reflection in the mirror, taking in the sight of her red-rimmed eyes, her wet cheeks and tousled hair.

"Well, you did it," she mumbled to herself. "You officially drove away the one man who's always-"

Pain exploded in her temples.

Then the vision came.

Chapter Three

"Oh my God, Will, have you ever seen a more glorious kitchen?"

Will glanced around the room in bafflement. A long cedar work island, stainless steel appliances, a table, some cupboards, a small pantry. Looked like an ordinary kitchen to him. Then again, he wasn't a chef, and the only time he used his own kitchen was to shove Chinese takeout boxes in the fridge. He didn't even do dishes, just bought paper plates and tossed them in the trash when he finished eating.

"It's nice," he said, trying to sound impressed.

Holly Lawson's eyes widened in disbelief. "Nice? Are you kidding me? This kitchen is twice the size of the one in my old apartment." She shivered. "Jeez, I'm close to orgasm just looking at it."

The last thing he wanted to hear was the word "orgasm" coming out of his friend's girlfriend's mouth. Not that he didn't like Holly. She was a great girl, but talking sex with her seemed weird.

He watched as Holly dashed toward the stove and started running her fingers over the burners. She turned around, her brown hair falling into her wide-set green eyes. "Is this not the best stove ever?"

"Yes?"

"Yes. I swear, Will, don't you possess a single domestic bone in that big, strong body of yours?"

A blond head poked into the kitchen. "Are you flirting with my Lieutenant?" Carson Scott demanded, frowning at his girlfriend.

Holly shot him an innocent smile. "Of course not."

"So you didn't just comment on his big, strong bod?"

"I was just stating the obvious, Carson. He's got a nice body."

Carson studied Will for a moment. "Yeah, I guess you're right."

"Hello, I'm in the room," Will said, waving his hand around. "Will the two of you please stop staring at my big, strong body?" He moved toward the door. "Or better yet, give me something to do, because I'm sick of loitering around here doing nothing."

He wasn't sure why he'd even agreed to help the couple move. He tended to spend his free time up in Hunter Ridge, visiting with Mackenzie, but after what happened last weekend...

He quickly pushed away the memory, knowing if he let the erotic images surface, he'd soon be standing in the middle of Carson and Holly's big, glorious kitchen with a big, glorious hard-on.

Best to focus on the anger, and not the arousal the night had left him with. He'd been so close, so f**king close to finally getting the woman he'd dreamed about for the past fifteen years.

Why was she fighting it? Even after they'd experienced the best sex of both of their lives, she still wouldn't let him love her.

Damn her. Hadn't he proved that he would stick by her side? That he didn't care about her visions, or think she was a freak?

Yet she had convinced herself she would lose him if she crossed the line from friendship to romance. A part of him didn't blame her, given her past relationships. But all those men she'd dated, well, they were cowards. What kind of man walked away from a woman he cared about because she had a few gruesome visions? As a SEAL, Will had seen his share of gruesome. Hell, the images he encountered on his job were probably far nastier than the ones Mackenzie saw in her head. And still she foolishly believed he was like all the others, that her visions were too tough a pill for him to swallow. She'd deluded herself into it, so deeply, that she'd had the nerve to ask him to leave-after he'd proven he could turn her on like no man ever could.

And he had no clue how to change her mind. Hot sex hadn't done it, so really, what f**king more could he do?

"You can help Garrett bring in the boxes from the truck," Carson said, interrupting Will's thoughts.

"No," Holly protested. "I need Will to help me and Shelby unpack the kitchen boxes. You help Garrett."

Will was wary as Carson nodded and hurried off, leaving him alone with Holly. The barely restrained smile on her face told him she was up to something, and when Shelby Garrett walked into the kitchen a second later with a smile of her own, Will knew exactly what was going on. These infuriating females had cooked up another matchmaking scheme.

"Sit," Holly ordered, pointing to one of the tall stools by the island.

He crossed his arms over his chest. "No."

Shelby marched up to him, curled her fingers over his arm and dragged him to the chair. Her blue eyes twinkled as she forced him to sit. "Come on, just hear us out."

Hear them out? No, thank you. For the past six months, the two women had tried setting him up with a half dozen of their friends, and no matter how hard he fought the interference, they couldn't seem to accept he wasn't interested. He supposed this was all his fault. Up until six months ago, he'd avoided forming deeper friendships with the guys on his SEAL team. Not that he was antisocial or anything. He just tended to keep to himself, enjoyed driving up to Hunter Ridge in his free time and hanging out with Mackenzie, rather than staying near the base with the other guys.

But after John Garrett married Shelby, things changed. Suddenly Will was forced to attend a bachelor party, and a wedding, and then Carson, for some reason, decided to start inviting him to play golf and go out for drinks. Before he knew it, he was eating dinner at Shelby and Garrett's every Wednesday night, and helping Holly and Carson move into their new Coronado bungalow.

Whether he liked it or not, they were his friends. Though he didn't quite understand why Shel and Holly had decided to focus all their matchmaking attentions on him. Ryan and Matt, two other guys from SEAL Team Fourteen, were also single, but he didn't see them getting harassed.

"Okay," Shelby began, flipping her blonde ponytail over her shoulder. "There's a new waitress at the restaurant where Holly works, and we think this girl is perfect for you."

Will rested his elbows on the cedar counter and sighed. "Really?"

"Really," Holly chimed in. "Her name is Lisa, she's gorgeous, and she's studying to become a massage therapist."

"A massage therapist!" Shelby echoed. "Think of all the things she could do to your body!"

Will had to laugh.

"Oh, and she's a really good cook," Holly added. "Also, she speaks three languages."

Shelby wiggled her eyebrows. "Dirty bedroom talk in three languages, Will. How can you pass this up?"

Well, their pitch was pretty good, what with the massages and foreign dirty talk, but unfortunately, Will had no desire to go out with this woman. His heart would always belong to Mac.

"Although it sounds...tempting," he lied. "I'm going to pass."

He was met by two identical crestfallen expressions.

"Why?" Holly burst out.

"You know why," he said quietly.

Shelby let out a frustrated sigh. "Aren't you over that woman yet?"

"If anything, I'm more in love with her than ever." He hadn't planned on revealing what happened between him and Mac, especially not to these two nosy women, but somehow the entire story spilled out. Fists clenched to his sides, he told them about his night with Mackenzie, and the disappointing way it had ended.

"What is the matter with her?" Holly grumbled, shaking her head.

"She takes him for granted, that's what," Shelby answered angrily. "Seriously, Will, how are you still putting up with this? She doesn't deserve you."

"Yes, she does."

Shelby leaned back against the counter, frowning. "You honestly think Mackenzie is worth all this heartache?"

"Yes, she is."

A short silence fell over the kitchen, finally broken by the sound of Shelby slapping her hand on the counter with an eureka expression on her face. "Then it's time we do something about it."

Will narrowed his eyes. "We?"

"Yes, we." Shelby shot him a grin. "Obviously you're not having too much success on your own, so it's time someone stepped in and helped you."

He held up his hand. "Oh no, you guys are not stepping in. Mackenzie and I will straighten this out by ourselves."

Holly snorted, the determined glint in her green eyes telling him exactly whose side she was on. Not his. "Shelby's right, you need our help."

Sliding off the chair, he edged his way to the doorway. "The two of you are not getting involved in my love life."

Another snort from Holly, and a giggle from Shelby. "What love life?" they said in unison.

He stabbed a finger in their direction. "The answer is no. I don't need or want your help. I'm serious about this."

Shelby and Holly exchanged a look.

"I'm serious," he insisted. "I command you to put a pin in whatever scheme you two are about to cook up. Stay out of my business-that's an order." With that, he strode out of the kitchen, for all the good it did him. He could hear Shelby and Holly already whispering to one another, and if he knew those two, they'd show up at his door tomorrow morning with some hare-brained plot that would no doubt make his life miserable.

Though how his life could get even more miserable than it already was, he didn't know.

Will was going to die.

Mackenzie wandered around her kitchen on autopilot, brewing a cup of tea, eating but not really tasting a piece of toast. Staring at the sunlight streaming in from the window. Doing the dishes.

And all the while, her mind was somewhere else. Somewhere dark and terrifying. A place that held not even the tiniest flicker of hope. A world without Will.

With a strangled groan, she sank into one of the chairs around the kitchen table and buried her face in her hands, a position she'd found herself often during the past five days. She hadn't heard from Will since he'd walked out that night, and a part of her almost wished his silence dragged on a bit longer.

What was she supposed to say if he called?

Did she tell him about what she saw?

But how could she? She'd tried warning people before when she had a vision about them, but no matter what she did, the visions always came true. She couldn't change them. Couldn't stop them.

And what she'd seen... God, she wished like hell she could stop it.

Out of nowhere, the memory flooded her brain, streaking to the forefront like a bolt of lightning.

The gunshots. The shriek of the helicopter rotors, the heart-stopping explosion rocking the chopper.

The smoke.

Chopper falling from the sky, hurtling toward the canopy of green below.

A sob choked her throat as Will's face flashed across her mind. The grim realization in his dark eyes when he realized his fate. When he accepted it.

"No!" she burst out, shooting to her feet.

It wouldn't happen. It couldn't happen.

Say you want to be with me.

Why, why hadn't she been able to say it? She'd already crossed a line anyway, slept with her best friend, so why couldn't she take that final step and admit what they both knew to be true?

Because you don't want to lose him.

No, she definitely didn't want that. Will was the only steady male in her life. Even after he'd joined the Navy and left town, he always came back. Weekends, holidays, any time he could get leave, he came back to Hunter Ridge. To her.

Would he come back this time? After everything that happened last week?

And what would she say to him if he did?

Hey, Will, I acted like an idiot. The sex we had was incredible, the best of my life. And oh, you're going to die.

She paced the kitchen, her bare feet slapping against the hardwood floor, as her heart pounded against her ribs in a steady rhythm of panic. She had to tell him. Warn him. So what if he was probably furious with her? Maybe if she said something, she could alter what she'd seen.

Lifting her chin in determination, she grabbed the cordless phone from the counter. She jumped when it started ringing in her hand.

Hope bloomed in her chest. Quickly pressing the talk button, she lifted the phone to her ear and said, "Thank God you called!"

There was a beat, then a soft female chuckle. "Why do I get the feeling you were expecting someone else?" came Paula Durtz's amused voice.

Disappointment jolted through her. "Oh. Hi, Paula. I, um...what's up?"

"I just wanted to see if you're still coming into town today."

Town? Oh, right, she'd promised to drop off that necklace for Paula. "What time did we say again?" she asked.

"Two. So are we still on?"

Mac glanced at the clock hanging over the sink. It was quarter to, which meant she needed to get going. Yet the idea of leaving the house troubled her. She wasn't in the mood for socializing, not when she couldn't stop thinking about the vision. About Will. About what it would cost her if she lost him. Actually lost him.

But Paula was the closest thing to a friend she had in Hunter Ridge. Maybe if she talked to her, told Paula what she'd seen...? Maybe her almost-friend could offer some advice.

"Yeah, we're on," she finally said. "I'll meet you in the square in fifteen."

Chapter Four

"I love it," Paula declared fifteen minutes later, holding up the pendant to admire it. The late afternoon sun caught on the little gold heart, making it sparkle.

Mackenzie gave a wry smile. "You hate it, and we both know it. It's not your style at all."

She emphasized her remark by shooting a pointed look at all the jewelry currently draped over various parts of the older woman's body. A chunky silver necklace hung around Paula's neck, and the numerous bracelets around her wrists boasted colorful costume gems and dangling charms. Even Paula's wedding ring, a thin silver band encrusted with little diamonds, seemed elaborate in comparison to the simple necklace Mac had created for the woman. Not that Paula's accessories were gaudy-if anything, Mac's necklace was just too plain.

Paula laughed. "If it's not my style, then why did you make it for me?"

"Because it's as far as my skill can take me," she grumbled.

"Well, if you just let me pay you for reading my fortune, then we wouldn't have to go through this jewelry pretense, now would we, hon?" The lines around Paula's mouth creased in amusement. "Don't get me wrong, I'm willing to buy all the necklaces you want to make me. But don't kid yourself, Mackenzie Wade. You're not a jewelry maker, plain and simple. You're a psychic."

Mac tried not to flinch. She hated that word. Hated it. She wasn't in denial; she was quite aware that her visions did indeed make her psychic. She just didn't like thinking of herself as that. Ever since she was a little girl, she'd struggled with her gift. She loathed the visions. Didn't need 'em, didn't want 'em. And, as an adult, she'd tried hard to distance herself from them.

She'd graduated from high school, gone to college, learned how to make jewelry. She'd moved back to Hunter Ridge, determined to work on her craft and start a business, and though the townsfolk humored her by buying her pieces, Mackenzie wasn't stupid. She knew they only cared about her psychic abilities. She also knew most of them considered her a freak. They might chat with her in the supermarket, or strike up friendly conversations at the local bar, but their minds were always on her abilities. Wondering if she'd seen something terrible happen to them, thinking of a way to ask her about their future without looking like that's all they wanted.

Only a few people seemed to genuinely care about her, visions or not. Paula Durtz was one of them. Will was another.

An ache seized her chest at the thought of Will.

Helicopter falling from the sky...

"Mackenzie? Honey, you okay?"

Paula's voice sliced through her painful thoughts. Tears stung her eyelids, and she turned away from the other woman's concerned gaze, instead pretending to focus on a few fat pigeons sitting on the large fountain in the middle of the town square.

It was a gorgeous day, the sun high in the blue, cloudless sky, a warm breeze floating through the town. You'd never think a fierce storm had passed through here less than a week ago, but it had, and along with turning Mackenzie's entire world upside down, she'd heard the town had suffered some damage too. Lightning had struck one of the shops lining idyllic Main Street, and apparently a tree cracked in two and smashed into the roof of the bowling alley. When Mac had gone into town the next day, a few people even had the audacity to ask her why she hadn't seen the storm coming. Ha. Like her visions could be controlled.

"Don't be angry with me, hon."

She nearly fell off the bench they were sitting on when she felt Paula's warm hand on her knee. With a strained smile, she said, "I'm not angry with you. I was just thinking about the storm last weekend."

Paula smiled knowingly. "Will was in town then, wasn't he?"

Mackenzie wasn't surprised that the other woman knew about Will's visit. Paula owned the one and only general store in town, and she knew everything and anything that went on in Hunter Ridge. Ever since Paula's husband died two years ago, the woman had thrown herself into that store, and she rarely closed shop before two in the morning. Since Will would've had to drive through Main Street when he got to town, Paula would have noticed his car. She noticed everything.

"Yeah, he was here," Mac admitted.

"Did you two have a nice visit?"

"Not really." She shrugged. "We fought."

Paula raised her eyebrows. "Now, I don't believe that. You and Will have been inseparable since high school. I don't think I've ever seen you so much as raise your voices at one another."

Another shrug. "There's a first time for everything, I guess."

Oh, yeah, definitely a first time for everything-like having mind-blowing sex with her best friend.

"But you made up, right?"

"Actually, I haven't seen or spoken to him since," Mac said evenly.

She wished the bitterness in her voice wasn't so obvious, but she couldn't help it. Yes, Will's stony departure had been her fault. She'd refused to open her heart to him, to give him what he wanted, and she didn't blame him for being mad. But not even a phone call since he'd left.

She knew he wasn't out of the country, since he always called or texted her when he left on assignment, so the silence on his part bothered her.

"This is silly. Call him up, Mackenzie!" Paula ordered, her curly brown hair bouncing on her forehead as she shook her head in earnest. "You and Will love each other."

That's the problem.

She didn't voice the thought, just offered a tense smile and said, "Can I ask you something?"

"Of course, anything."

She hesitated. "If I saw...if I told you I'd seen something dark in your future, would you want to know?"

Paula's face went pale. "You saw my death?" she choked out.

Mac quickly touched the other woman's arm. "No, not at all. I promise. This is strictly hypothetical."

Paula visibly relaxed, and then her features softened. "Wait, you're thinking about poor Mr. Garber, aren't you?"

"Yeah," Mac lied.

"Aw, honey. You know you shouldn't feel guilty about what happened. You couldn't stop it."

"No, I couldn't," she said sadly. "The vision came too fast. He died before I could even call the police." She swallowed. "But...if I saw something ahead of time, about you-hypothetically-would you want to be warned? Even if you knew it was set in stone?"

Paula paused thoughtfully. "Is it really, though? Set in stone, I mean?"

Tears stung Mac's eyes. "So far. I've never seen anything that didn't happen. It always comes true, Paula. Always."

"Then, yes." Paula gave a brisk nod. "I would want to know."

"Really?"

"Sure. I'd get my affairs in order. Make amends. Leave nothing unsaid. I'd want to enjoy every second I had left."

Mac fell silent, wondering if that's what Will would do. Straighten his affairs, enjoy his last moments?

Somehow she couldn't picture it. Knowing Will, he'd push everyone away-for their own good, of course. He'd say a quick goodbye and disappear, wanting to protect the people in his life from unnecessary heartache.

And although she hadn't seen or spoken to him in days, the thought of him leaving turned her insides. If he knew he was going to die, he would push her away, while she would want nothing more than to keep him as close as she could.

A helicopter falling from the sky...

She shoved the horrific image aside and straightened her shoulders. She might not be able to change the future, but she sure as hell could change the present.

"Tomorrow," she burst out.

Paula looked startled. "What?"

"If I don't hear from Will tonight, I'm calling him first thing tomorrow."

Paula grinned. "Good girl."

She drew in a calming breath and repeated the word in her head.

Tomorrow.

"So?"

Will stared into Shelby's excited blue eyes and wondered if he was nuts for actually seeing the merit of this crazy scheme. It didn't help that he was feeling pretty disoriented, considering the two women had come knocking on his door at six in the morning and interrupted his much-needed sleep. He hadn't slept much since his night with Mackenzie. Too much tossing and turning and cursing her for being so damn stubborn.

Okay, so he wasn't nuts then. Lack of sleep, that's what was making him contemplate Holly and Shelby's plan.

With a groan, he rubbed his tired eyes and rose from the couch, where the two women had sandwiched him after he'd led them into the tiny living room of his even tinier bungalow. This place had never quite felt like home to him. It kept him close to the base, but that was the only draw about it. To him, home was Hunter Ridge. And not the two-story redbrick house he'd grown up in, which was now occupied by another family. Oh no. Home was Mackenzie's creaky old farmhouse, the only place where he felt truly like himself.

Home was Mackenzie.

"Come on, Will," Holly said as she trailed after him into the kitchen. "You know this is a good plan."

"You know it is," Shelby chimed in, following them.

"Would you at least let me make a cup of coffee before we discuss this juvenile idiocy?" he grumbled.

Striding over to the counter, he clicked on the coffeemaker and then grabbed a mug from the cabinet over the sink. "You guys want any?" he offered.

Both women shook their heads, then waited patiently as he fixed himself a cup of black coffee, but he could see the unrestrained enthusiasm in their eyes. Leaning against the fridge, he gulped down the scalding liquid and waited for the java to do its thing. Almost instantly he felt alert, his mind sharpened by the caffeine. But while the sharp mind should've kick-started his usually superb common sense, he still found himself intrigued by the women's outlandish plan.

Obviously picking up on his interest, Shelby gave a delighted laugh. "You think it will work, don't you?"

Sipping his coffee, he eyed both females from the rim of his mug. "I'll admit, it's not a bad idea."

Holly grinned. "So when do we leave?"

Sighing, he set down his mug and scratched the stubble on his chin. "I'm not saying I'll do it."

"Of course you'll do it," Holly said. Her grin widened. "This is going to be so much fun."

Will eyed the brunette. "Have you spoken to Carson about this cockamamie idea? You know, your live-in boyfriend? I hardly think he's going to agree to this."

Holly shrugged. "Sure he will. He's been saying for ages how you need to settle down."

"I'm perfectly willing to settle down. It's the woman I want to settle down with who's not being cooperative."

"Which is why we're going to kick some sense into her stubborn head," Holly said breezily. "Trust me, no woman wants to see the man she loves with another woman. The claws always come out when a chick feels threatened."

Will chuckled. "Sure you want to face those claws, Hol? Mac's a lot tougher than you think."

Holly smirked. "I can handle her."

Next to her, Shelby let out a laugh. "Can I be there when we tell Carson about this?"

"I still haven't agreed," Will interjected, reaching for his coffee again.

But the protest was futile, because they all knew he would do it. Childish as this plan was, he suspected it might be exactly what Mackenzie Wade needed. Although he wouldn't go as far as to say she'd taken him for granted, he did believe there was some truth to that. Since they were fifteen years old, Mackenzie had leaned on him for support. Whether she'd been complaining about her older sister, who'd been appointed Mac's guardian after their parents died, or upset about the visions, Will always offered his ear, and his shoulder. He'd watched her date other guys, listened to her talk about her sexual fantasies, and through it all, Mac had continued to ignore the chemistry between them, the feelings they so obviously had for each other.

But while she'd had no problem introducing Will to whatever boyfriend she was with at the time, he'd never taken a woman back to Hunter Ridge before. And there had definitely been other women, warm, willing females with whom he'd passed the time and dated in an attempt to forget Mackenzie.

What would she do if he brought a woman home? Would it tear at her insides the way the sight of her with other men tore at his?

Would she finally find the strength to admit she loved him as deeply as he loved her?

He didn't know the answer to any of those questions, but he was damn well going to try and get 'em.

He slammed his mug down on the counter and set his jaw. "You know what? Scratch that. I have agreed." He fixed a determined stare at Holly. "We leave tomorrow."

"You want to borrow my girlfriend?" Carson shouted later that afternoon, promptly dropping the box in his hands. The cardboard smashed onto the floor of Carson and Holly's new glorious kitchen with a resounding thunk and the distinct sound of glass shattering.

"My new plates!" Holly wailed, immediately sinking to her knees. She ripped open the tape closing the two flaps together and peered into the box then looked up at Carson in horror. "You're a monster!"

Carson scowled at her. "I'll buy you new plates." The scowl deepened. "That is, if I decide not to break up with you. I can't believe this was your idea. I told Garrett you and Shelby shouldn't hang out. The two of you are trouble together."

"They're just trying to help me out," Will pointed out, experiencing a jolt of sympathy at the despair on Holly's face. He swiftly knelt down and tried to pry her hands out of the box. "Quit sticking your fingers in there, Hol. It's filled with broken glass."

Carson let out an enraged roar. "Don't you dare console my girlfriend. My girlfriend!"

Holly got to her feet, planting her hands on her hips. "Now I'm definitely going," she shot out. "You broke my plates."

"So you're going to play house with my lieutenant as punishment?"

"He's in love with another woman!"

"Well, I'm in love with you!"

Holly's eyes softened. "Doesn't it make you love me more, knowing I'm willing to help out one of your friends?"

A sigh slid out of Carson's mouth. "What is it with you and helping people? Didn't we just decide you're not going to drop everything for your family anymore?"

"This isn't my family. It's yours."

"Will and I aren't related."

"You're SEALs. Of course you're related."

Another sigh. "Yeah, you're right." Carson took a step forward and pulled Holly into his arms. "Fine, you can go."

"Really?"

"I just said it, didn't I?"

Holly threw her arms around her boyfriend. The two proceeded to make out as if Will wasn't in the kitchen.

He shook his head to himself. He wasn't quite certain how they'd gone from furious to calm to horny in a matter of seconds, but he wasn't complaining. Ever since Holly and Shelby had burst into his house this morning, he'd been warming up to the plan, starting to believe it might actually work. He was glad Carson hadn't put up more of a fight.

Slipping his hands in the pockets of his khakis, he let the couple smooch a while longer, then cleared his throat. "Uh, guys?"

The two pulled apart sheepishly. "Sorry," Holly said. "Forgot you were here."

Story of his life, women forgetting he was standing right in front of them. Hopefully not for much longer, though.

"So how is this going to work?" Carson asked, bending down to retrieve the fallen box. He glanced at his girlfriend. "I'm sorry about the plates, sweetheart. We'll go out and buy some tomorrow, 'kay?"

"I'm holding you to that." With a stern look, she headed for the fridge and grabbed a can of soda. Flicking the tab, she raised the can to her lips, sipped, and then said, "Will and I are going to Hunter Ridge tomorrow. Apparently there's some fair going on this weekend."

"Carnival," Will corrected. "It's an annual thing."

Last year he'd skipped the carnival. Mac had been dating Dan, the owner of the hardware store, and Will hadn't been keen on the idea of seeing them. When they were teenagers, he and Mac had always gone to the carnival together. They used to ride the Ferris wheel for hours, talking about everything and anything while they shared a bag of cotton candy. Nothing had changed after they'd gotten older. They still rode that Ferris wheel and munched on that cotton candy every year when the carnival came to town. Last year was the first time he'd missed it.

And this year, well, this year he'd be the one with the date. A part of him got perverse satisfaction from knowing Mackenzie would finally feel that same bitter jealousy he'd experienced when she'd decided to go to the carnival with another man.

"So you're taking my girlfriend to a carnival in your no-horse town?" Carson rolled his eyes. "Sounds like, uh, fun."

"We're going to make Mac jealous," Holly reminded him. "The carnival is their thing."

"We'll only be gone for two nights," Will told his friend. "I promise to have her back Sunday morning."

Carson narrowed his eyes. "And where exactly will the two of you sleep?"

Will shrugged. "Only one place to stay in town, old Harriet Jones' BandB."

"Two rooms?"

He glanced at his feet. "One." Before Carson could start yelling again, he quickly added, "I'll sleep on the floor. Fully clothed."

"I'll sleep naked," Holly piped up.

Carson shot her a glare. "If you do, I'll smash every piece of china in this place."

"Fine." She smiled impishly. "I'll wear that black lace teddy you bought me for my birthday."

Will let out a sigh. "That was way too much information." He glanced at Carson. "So are you cool with this, man?"

"Do I have a choice?"

Holly smiled broadly. "No."

Chapter Five

The carnival workers were setting up when Mackenzie strode out of Paula's general store on Friday afternoon. She wasn't sure how she felt about the carnival this year. It had always been her and Will's thing, except for the previous year, when he'd been out of the country...though a part of her still suspected he'd been happy to miss the event. She'd been dating Dan then, and she'd gotten the feeling Will wasn't comfortable around her ex-boyfriend.

Oh, who was she kidding? Of course he wasn't comfortable. What man would want to spend time with the boyfriend of the woman he loved?

Love. For fifteen years she'd tried not to think about that word, but after what had happened between her and Will last week, the staggering, unbelievable sex, she couldn't bury her head in the sand any longer. Will loved her. She'd seen it in his eyes that night, heard it in his voice, felt it in his kiss.

And instead of welcoming that love into her life, she'd slammed a door on it.

Swallowing, she pushed the disturbing thoughts from her head and walked toward her car, which was parked at the curb in front of the general store. The sound of the carnival coming to life made her heart ache, the screech of metal as the Ferris wheel cars were tightened into place, the mechanical rings of the game booths, the melody of the carousel as it whirled around on its test runs.

She wouldn't be attending the carnival this year, she decided as she unlocked the driver door of the old Chevy and sank into the seat. Not when she still hadn't spoken to Will, not when she didn't know if he would be there.

When she'd called him this morning, she'd gotten beeped over to voice mail. She left a message asking him to call her. He hadn't. Called an hour later, left another message. Called a third time. A fourth. And still he hadn't answered.

And each time she'd heard his voice on the message, her panic had escalated. What if he'd left the country? What if she was too late?

By the time afternoon rolled around, she'd been ready to rip her own hair out. So she'd gotten in her car, driven into town to fill up the tank, and was now about to make the drive to Coronado. Screw his voice mail. She needed to see him. In person. She had to make sure he was okay

Gripping the steering wheel with icy fingers, she inhaled a calming breath. Tried to reassure herself that Will was simply avoiding her calls. He hadn't left town. He wasn't sitting on a chopper right now, and he was not dead.

The mere word-dead-sent panic soaring inside her body and brought tears to her eyes. No, she refused to think about the vision, or its frightening implication. Will was fine. Of course he-

A loud honk drew her out of her anxiety, and when she turned her head in the direction of the intrusive noise, her anxiousness transformed into a pure jolt of relief.

An olive-green Jeep pulled into the parking space in front of hers.

Will's Jeep.

Before she could stop herself, she was out of her car and bounding toward the Jeep on shaky legs. Unease, relief and excitement pounded in her veins.

She reached the driver's door just as Will was getting out.

The sight of him caused her belly to do a funny little flip. God, he looked good. So unbelievably good in his faded jeans and close-fitting black T-shirt. But clothes didn't make the man, and she knew from recent personal experience that Will didn't need a stitch of clothing to look good. In fact, the man was a female's wet dream when he was naked. Her cheeks burned at the memory.

"You're here," she blurted out.

His dark eyes softened at the sight of her, but then his expression grew shuttered. "Couldn't miss the carnival," he said lightly.

"I...I called you." The twinge of desperation in her voice made her want to cringe. "I left a message."

"Did you?" His tone was cool. "I haven't checked my messages today."

Okay, so he was still angry with her. The stiffness of his impossibly broad shoulders and that distant look in his eyes confirmed it. And he hadn't shaved in days, she noticed. Thick stubble dotted a jaw that was visibly tensed. She wished she knew how to make it better, how to bridge this awful distance between them.

"Will," she murmured. "I'm...sorry."

"Yeah, you said that last week."

"I still feel it."

That dark gaze swept over her face. For a second she glimpsed a glimmer of regret there, a flash of desire, but then it snapped back to chilly and distant. "So do I, Mac."

She opened her mouth to respond, but whatever she'd been about to say-she wasn't even sure what-died a fiery death when a flicker of movement caught her eye. Shock barreled into her as she watched someone get out of the passenger side of Will's Jeep.

Not someone.

A woman.

And not any woman, but a gorgeous one. A beautiful green-eyed brunette in Capris and a tank top, who marched over to Will's side and possessively linked her arm with his.

"Are you going to introduce me to your friend?" the woman asked with a teasing lilt to her voice.

Mac was frozen in place, unable to take her eyes off their interlocked arms. Will had brought a woman with him? In all the years she'd known him, he'd never shown up in town with someone on his arm. Never.

Something fierce and ugly reared up inside her. She suspected that something was jealousy, but there was also a spark of resentment. He was dating someone? He'd had sex with her last weekend and now he was dating someone else?

"Holly, this is Mackenzie," Will said gruffly. "Mac, Holly."

"It's nice to meet you." The lie flowed smoothly out of Mac's mouth, while the anger flowed just as smoothly through her veins. Damn him for bringing a woman home. How could he do that after everything he'd said and done last week?

I want you, Mackenzie. Now. Always.

Ha!

"So you're the friend Will told me about," Holly replied with a warm smile.

A genuinely warm smile. Which meant that Will hadn't told his new girlfriend about that body-numbing sex he'd had with his friend.

Mac pressed her hands to the sides of her jeans, resisting the urge to use those hands to wring Will's neck. "Will and I have known each other for years," she answered with forced casualness. "How do the two of you, uh, know each other?"

Holly tightened her grip on Will's arm, her green eyes twinkling as she got up on her tiptoes and brushed her lips over his stubble-covered cheek. Mac noticed how short the other woman was, and a pang of insecurity tugged at her gut. Compared to Holly's petite, pixie frame, Mac felt like a giant. Suddenly her height of five-eight seemed terribly enormous, all wrong for Will. Will and Holly looked perfect together-tall, muscular Will and little, perfect Holly.

It made her want to throw up.

"We actually just met, um..." Holly tilted her head thoughtfully, "...last Sunday. I work at a restaurant near the base, and Will showed up for lunch. He came back to the kitchen after his meal and complimented my cooking." Holly's cheeks flushed in an annoyingly cute way.

And she was a cook. How delightful. Mac couldn't even make an omelet without burning something.

Before her confidence could take another hit, her brain stumbled on what Holly had just said-last Sunday. Will had met this girl the day after he'd rocked Mackenzie's world during that storm. One day! Was that all he'd needed to put the entire incident out of his mind? Was that why he hadn't called her this week, he'd been too busy rocking someone else's world? And to think, she'd been frantic about his safety! Obviously he was quite safe with his new flame.

"Holly just graduated from culinary college," Will said, shrugging his arm from Holly's and slinging it around her shoulder instead.

Mac tried not to stare at the careless way his fingers caressed Holly's bare shoulder. "That's nice," she said. "So...you two are in town for the carnival?"

"Yep," he replied, expressionless.

"Will was telling me all about it," Holly added as she snuggled closer to him. "I had the weekend off, so when he said he wanted to show me where he grew up, I couldn't pass it up." With a naughty smile, Holly trailed one finger across Will's chest. "I want to know everything about you, baby."

Okay, she was officially going to be sick.

Taking an awkward step back, Mac feigned a smile. "Well, you'll have fun. The carnival is always, um, fun," she said again. Another step backwards. "I've gotta go. I left my car running." Right, because there was actually a chance one of the straight-laced Hunter Ridge residents might hop into her beat-up Chevy and commit grand theft auto.

"Will you be at the carnival tonight?" Will asked politely.

She continued inching away from the perfect couple. "Um, I'm not sure yet."

"Oh, come!" Holly said with another real-looking smile. "I'd love to get to know Will's best friend."

"Uh..."

"We'll save you a seat on the Ferris wheel," Will added.

She swallowed down a hysterical laugh. Yeah, like that would inspire her to show up. Sitting on a Ferris wheel with Will and his new girlfriend was about as appealing as sticking pins in her eyes.

"Yeah, maybe," she said noncommittally. "If I decide to go, I'll find you guys. Anyway, um...bye."

Tearing her gaze from the two of them, she stumbled back to her car. As she slid into the driver's seat, she was irritated to see that Will and Holly weren't even paying attention to her anymore. Will had planted his hands on Holly's slender hips, and the brunette's arms were now locked around his strong, corded neck. Their bodies were pressed together, their faces inches apart. Mac averted her eyes before she could witness something she didn't want to see-Will kissing another woman. But the mere thought of it sent waves of jealousy to her gut.

Damn him.

Clenching her teeth so hard her jaw ached, she pulled out of the parking spot and drove away from Main Street as fast as she could.

Damn him.

Will stared at the rear bumper of Mac's car as she sped off. Satisfaction settled in his chest, along with a knot of pain that tightened his throat. He'd been so tempted to pull her into his arms when she'd hurried over to his Jeep. She'd looked so relieved, so happy to see him, and as annoyed as he was with her, he'd been happy to see her too. He always felt so empty when he was away from her.

But he'd restrained himself from embracing her, or planting a usual peck on her smooth, ivory-colored cheek. He'd brought Holly here for a reason, and he wasn't about to blow the charade in its first five minutes. Mac needed to see he wasn't kidding around. He'd waited more than a decade for her. Any other man would've given up already, focused his attentions on a woman who actually wanted to be with him. But Will had exercised patience, waiting for Mackenzie to get over her unfounded fears, hoping she'd finally open her eyes and see that he was the only man for her.

Not even amazing sex had managed to sway her. Even after he'd shown her the pleasure he had to offer, the love he was willing to give, she'd pushed him away. And the relief he'd glimpsed in her pale blue eyes when she'd walked up to him just now told him she assumed things could go back to normal, that he could put the sex out of his mind and go back to being her best bud. Well, that wasn't going to happen.

Mackenzie would either get all of him, or none of him, and hopefully seeing him with another woman would be the kick in the butt she needed. The catalyst that pushed her to take that final step and admit she loved him.

"She is pissed," Holly said with a grin, dropping her hands from his neck.

He stepped back, his gaze still on the now empty road. "Furious," he agreed.

"Should we high-five?"

"Not yet," he said with a laugh. "She's still not ready to make a move. I bet right now she's probably trying to convince herself it didn't bother her to see me with you."

Holly shook her head, looking frazzled. "If this was me and Carson, and I saw him with someone else, I'd bitch-slap the woman and claim my man."

"She's scared."

"To be loved?"

"To be abandoned." He swallowed. "Every guy she's dated has dumped her when the visions got too scary for him. And this last break-up...it hurt her pretty badly. Dan-the guy she was with-said some seriously shitty things when he broke up with her."

"Like what?"

"She didn't give me all the details, but I got the feeling it was bad. The vision she had really freaked him out."

He frowned, wondering if maybe he ought to pay a visit to dear old Dan in the hardware store. Normally he tended to avoid the men Mac dated, but Dan had always rubbed Will the wrong way. And after Colin Garber died in that fire, Dan had definitely made Will's shit list. Instead of comforting Mackenzie, the bastard had shoved her away like a piece of trash.

Then again, the break-up was the reason Mac had kissed him, and the reason he'd driven to her house last weekend, where they'd finally acted on the uncontrollable attraction between them. So maybe he should be thanking Dan.

He paused. Naah. He still wanted to unleash a right hook in that creep's jaw.

"Doesn't she know you're a Navy SEAL who doesn't freak out easily?" Holly asked.

"All she knows is that I'm the only man who's always stood by her. She thinks she'll lose me if she opens herself up fully."

"Well, I think she's silly." Holly glanced around the quaint little street. "Is there anywhere good to eat around here?"

"There's a bar around the corner. Serves some pretty decent chicken wings. But the diner is where I usually go. All-day breakfast."

"Are you buying?"

"Of course." He chuckled. "Don't tell me Carson makes you guys go Dutch."

"We don't usually go out to eat. The food I cook is better than anything you'll get in a restaurant." She grinned. "Well, my restaurant is the exception, but that's because I'm the chef." She slung her arm through his and pushed him toward the curb. "Come on, let's go. I'm starved."

"You are not going to the carnival," Mackenzie muttered to herself, absently wandering around her kitchen looking for something to eat. Her pantry was stocked with canned food, her freezer loaded with homemade lasagnas that Paula brought over once a month, but nothing seemed appealing at the moment. Hard as she tried, she couldn't stop thinking about all the junk food she could have if she went to the carnival. Greasy hamburger, spicy fries from Walter Halton's booth, cotton candy.

She refused to give in to her stomach's demands, though. The last thing she wanted to do was see Will and Holly, arms around each other, secret smiles, kisses...oh God, she didn't even want to imagine them kissing.

Sighing, she opened the fridge again and peered inside for the third time, but like the two previous glimpses, it remained empty save for a carton of milk and a few condiments. She was just closing the fridge door when her hands started to tingle. Her temples ached, and a wave of dizziness sent her swaying toward one of the tall-backed oak chairs by the kitchen table. She sank down, breathing deeply, helpless to stop the vision from slamming into her.

A wet tongue flicking against her nipple, hands sliding down to squeeze her bu**ocks.

His head was buried in her br**sts. Licking, kissing, biting, filling her with white-hot pleasure and making her clit swell.

Deft fingers moving under her waistband, into her panties, seeking her aching clit.

Pressure.

An explosion of bliss.

Mackenzie gasped, snapped back into the present, back to her big empty kitchen. Her brain hummed erratically, like the engine of her old Chevy. Her fingertips tingled.

The dull ache in her head signaled that the vision was over, and for the first time in her life, she experienced disappointment at the notion. She didn't want it to end. These erotic visions were far better than the grisly ones. And this one had been too good, the feel of Will's mouth and tongue on her br**sts, his fingers stroking her.

But what did it mean? She never had visions of the past, only the future, which meant that what she'd just seen, Will's delicious exploration of her body, was actually going to happen again. When? How? He'd brought a woman home with him, and Will wasn't the type to cheat. He was too honorable to f**k around with another woman when he was in town with someone else.

Yet Mackenzie had no doubt it would happen. The sights and sounds had been too vivid, the scent of cotton candy on his breath, the faint melody of the merry-go-round in the distance. Whatever she'd just seen would happen at the carnival. Tonight or tomorrow.

With a sigh, she stumbled to her feet and headed upstairs to get dressed. An hour later, she was back in her car, driving to town again. Call her vain, but she hadn't been able to resist dressing to the nines. In place of her usual ratty jeans and baggy sweaters, she'd worn a tight, long-sleeved shirt, the same shade of blue as her eyes and with a deep 'V' neckline that showed a generous amount of cle**age. Skintight jeans and knee-length black leather boots showcased her long legs, and she'd even dabbed on some red lip-gloss. Her long hair was loose, the way she knew Will liked it, hanging down her back in shiny waves.

He'd probably know she'd dressed up for him, maybe even take it as a sign of seduction, but she didn't care. This time she wasn't going to be caught with unbrushed hair and old sweats while in the vicinity of beautiful little Holly.

What she was trying to achieve with the get-up, she still wasn't sure. In fact, she should avoid the carnival altogether, making sure this latest vision didn't come true.

Yet she couldn't stay away.

He brought another woman home. You're just setting yourself up to be humiliated.

She shoved away the thought. Fine, so maybe he was seeing someone else. But she and Will had sex last week. And they were still best friends. Holly or no Holly, Mackenzie needed to fix things between her and Will. She needed to look him in the eye and know that the sex hadn't destroyed what they had.

And she needed to tell him about the vision, the one of his helicopter crashing. Maybe if he knew...maybe he wouldn't take the assignment. He'd stay home, with her. He'd stay alive.

She sighed again, knowing the chances of Will not going on the mission were slim. He was an enlisted officer. He couldn't tell his commanding officer to screw off. And even if his superior gave him leave, she knew Will would do the mission anyway. He loved being a SEAL, and he took his duties seriously.

Fifteen minutes later, she reached the heart of Hunter Ridge and easily found a parking spot in front of Paula's general store. Most of the other residents lived in the quaint residential streets surrounding the town; Mac was one of the few who lived on the outskirts of town. She liked the distance, though, the privacy and peacefulness of her rambling farmhouse and rolling acres of land. Her sister Alice had left Hunter Ridge when Mackenzie turned eighteen. Alice had always hated small-town life, fleeing to San Diego the moment she didn't need to be Mac's legal guardian anymore. Mac didn't blame her sister. Small towns weren't for everyone, and her sister's move hadn't hurt their relationship. They still spoke often, and saw each other whenever they could.

And when they did, Alice always made sure to chastise Mackenzie for not dating Will. Her sister was still convinced-as she had been for fifteen years-that the two of them belonged together.

Letting out a breath, Mac shut off the engine and got out of the car. Maybe Alice was right. Maybe she should be with Will. But just as the thought floated in, a memory did too. Her last vision, the one that had finally scared Dan away.

She remembered the horror and pity on his face when he'd woken up to her sobbing and throwing up. And what he'd said...

God, those words were imprinted in her brain, weighing on all the insecurities she'd felt her entire life.

I can't be with a woman like you. You represent death to me. I feel sick just looking at you.

She shoved the memory aside, but not fast enough. Her throat grew tight, her stomach churning with bitterness.

She locked the car and tucked her keys into her purse, bleakly wondering if Dan was right. Did she represent death?

Hell, of course she did. Look what happened with Will. She'd given in to her desire, spent a few incredible hours in bed with him, and presto! She had a vision of him dying.

"Wowsers, you look amazing!"

Mac glanced up to see Paula poke her head out of the general store. Swallowing down the pain sticking in her throat, she pasted on a smile. "Thanks, Paula. Closing up soon?"

The other woman grinned. "Of course. I plan on dominating the shooting booth tonight."

"Well, good luck."

"Thanks, hon. You really look terrific." Paula's face darkened. "You're not the only one, though. I just saw Will and his new flame stroll by, holding hands like a couple of randy teenagers."

"I take it you heard about Holly?"

Paula frowned. "They were at the diner earlier. Everyone met her."

"She seems like a nice girl," Mac said noncommittally. "Pretty too."

"I guess," Paula said in a grudging tone. "Not as pretty as you, though, not by a long shot."

She laughed. "Holly and I aren't in competition. Will and I are just friends, remember?"

"I guess," Paula said again. She paused. "He's never brought a woman back here before."

A lump of sadness lodged in the back of her throat. "No, he hasn't." Then she forced another smile. "I'm going to grab a bite. I'll see you later, okay?"

"Sure thing."

With a wave, Mac crossed the street and headed toward the parking lot of the bowling alley, where the carnival was in full swing. The lot was the only place large enough to accommodate such a big event, and it seemed like everyone in town had decided to make an appearance. Bodies packed the spacious lot, wandering around the fairgrounds. All the rides boasted long lines, and children streaked by her, holding enormous stuffed animals in their hands and shoving pink handfuls of cotton candy into their mouths. Everyone looked like they were having a great time, but Mac only felt tense as she threaded her way through the crowd.

Paula had said she'd seen Will and Holly head over here, but Mac wasn't sure she was ready to face them again. It didn't help that Holly was so damn beautiful. Why couldn't Will have hooked up with an ugly chick, someone who didn't bring this funny twist of inferiority to Mac's gut?

She inhaled the scent of fried food and sweet desserts, her gaze fixed on the Ferris wheel, a commanding shape that dominated the large parking lot. As she walked toward it, the mob parted slightly and her breath hitched when she caught sight of Will standing near the iron gate circling the ride. He was alone.

Her pace quickened, along with her heartbeat. Will turned his head at her approach as if he sensed her presence. His eyes smoldered as they rested on her outfit, the tight shirt, the sexy boots.

"Hey," she said, reaching him.

"Hey," he answered gruffly.

"Where's Holly?"

"Restroom, and then she was going to make a phone call." His gaze swept over her, causing tingles of heat to spread through her body. "You look...incredible."

"Thanks." She awkwardly rested her palms on her sides then glanced up at the lights twinkling on the Ferris wheel. "Have you gone up yet?"

"No." A hint of a smile. "Want to take a ride?"

Her heart did a little flip. "Holly won't mind?"

He smiled wryly. "She's not the jealous type."

"Oh. Okay then."

They moved toward the line, but didn't have to wait more than a few moments before the passengers from the last ride were let off. Neither of them spoke as they walked up to the gate. Will watched her slide into the car, and then sank down next to her, his long legs looking awkward in the small space. The attendant lowered the bar and then the car soared up a few feet, pausing in mid air as the next passengers were let on.

Mac didn't look at Will, her gaze sweeping around the carnival grounds and empty Main Street instead. They rose higher, and now she could see the entire town, charming houses, tidy lawns, and in the distance the rolling acres of land and dusty two-lane highway that Will drove on each time he came back here from San Diego. His visits had been the highlight of recent years. She always felt better when Will was around.

Pain pierced her heart. Oh God, how would she survive if he died?

"What are you thinking about?" he asked softly.

She finally turned and met his eyes, gorgeous dark eyes that could always see through her. "You. Me." She changed the subject. "So, are you serious about Holly?"

Something indecipherable flickered on his face. "I could be," he said with a shrug. "But it's too soon to tell. It's only been a week, after all."

She swallowed. "You met her the day after you left here."

He shifted his attention to the crowd below. "Yes."

"Does this mean you're-" she searched for the right word, "-over what happened between us?"

"Are you?"

"Yes," she lied.

His jaw tensed. "Aren't you tired of lying to yourself?"

"And what am I lying about?"

"The way you feel about me."

She released a tired breath. "What does it matter now? You're dating someone else."

A glimmer of triumph. "And that bothers you."

"No," she lied again.

Will shook his head in frustration. "I can't do this anymore, Mac."

Panic tugged on her gut. "Do what?"

"Keep coming back here, acting like we're best friends."

"We are best friends."

"We should be more," he burst out, anger staining his voice. "And if you can't give it to me, that more, then maybe it's time I moved on with my life."

She chewed on the inside of her lip. "With Holly?"

"Maybe." He made an annoyed sound. "And maybe not. Either way, I'm not putting myself through this shit anymore."

Her panic intensified, snaking through her intestines and squeezing hard. "I knew this would happen if we slept together," she whispered. "I knew you'd leave."

"It would've happened regardless." Pain creased his handsome features. "I'm not leaving because we had sex, and it's not because I'm bitter that we won't do it again. It's just too hard, Mackenzie, wanting you this badly, knowing you want me too, and having to fight you every step of the way."

The car started its descent, and anxiety rolled through her. Soon the ride would end, they'd get off, he'd find Holly, and then he'd walk out of her life. And his helicopter would crash in the jungle, and she'd lose him for good. Forever.

Unless she stopped him.

"Will," she began hoarsely.

He raked both hands through his dark hair, eyeing her grimly. "Yeah?"

"I..."

I love you.

"I don't want you to go."

His mouth tightened. "Then give me a reason to stay."

Desperation rippled up her spine. She opened her mouth, then closed it, then opened it again. But no words came out. She couldn't find her voice, couldn't find the courage to tell him how she felt.

Her silence dragged on far too long. Each second ticked by painstakingly slow, and Will's expression went from impatient to irritated to resigned.

The ride came to its conclusion, and a lanky teenager stepped to the platform and lifted up the bar. Without a word, Will slid out of the car. Mac trailed after him, struggling to meet his powerful strides.

"Wait," she said in frustration, latching onto his muscular arm. "I need to tell you something. Please, Will, wait."

Her peripheral vision caught a flash of red, and she turned to see Holly standing by the exit gate, clad in a filmy red dress that swirled around her thighs.

"I'm tired of waiting," Will replied flatly.

He shrugged her hand off him and marched to the exit. Holly frowned when she noticed his expression, which Mac imagined to be fierce and resentful, but the brunette didn't have time to react because, in an instant, Will pulled Holly into his arms and kissed her.

Mac's heart promptly plummeted to the pool of pain and bitterness in the pit of her stomach.

Chapter Six

Will wasn't sure why he'd decided to kiss Holly. They'd agreed to some tame hand-holding and a few pecks on the cheek, but the ire coursing inside him like a volatile ocean current had inspired this impulsive decision. Screw Mac, and her excuses, her fear, her denial. She didn't want to give him a reason to stay? Fine, then he'd show her exactly what she would be missing. To hell with her.

His mouth closed over Holly's, swallowing the shocked little sound she made. Carson would kill him, yes, but to hell with him too. Placing his hands on Holly's round bottom, he pulled her toward him, thrusting his tongue into her mouth and kissing the living daylights out of her.

His body reacted the way it always did when his tongue was in a warm female mouth. His c**k grew hard, his pulse quickened, but he suspected the result had more to do with the fact that Mackenzie was watching. He sensed her presence, felt her beautiful blue eyes on him, and he knew she still stood by the gate, witnessing this kiss.

To his surprise, Holly responded to him, twining her arms around his neck and sinking into his body. Her small br**sts pressed against his chest, and though they stimulated a pleasurable sensation, it was nothing compared to the way Mackenzie's full br**sts had felt on his bare chest.

Damn her.

He fondled Holly's ass, tangling his tongue with hers, wishing it could be this simple. Kiss another woman, love another woman.

But it wasn't, and the hopeless realization that he could never get over Mackenzie Wade prompted him to end the kiss.

"I'm sorry," he murmured against Holly's lips then slowly drew back.

She stared up at him with wide eyes and flushed cheeks. "It's fine." After a second of hesitation, she lifted her hand and touched his chin. "Are you okay?"

He practically choked on the word "no".

Holly shot a discreet glance behind them, where he knew Mac was still watching. "Let's go then."

Nodding, he took Holly's hand and led her away, needing to get the hell out of this damn carnival. Away from Mackenzie and her goddamn excuses. He didn't look back, not even once, and when they were far enough away, he stopped walking and shot Holly an apologetic look.

"I shouldn't have done that," he said.

A devilish glint filled her green eyes. "Nope. Carson is going to kill you, you know."

Will suppressed a groan. Oh, he knew all right. He'd be lucky if his friend didn't skin him alive.

At least Holly seemed to take it well. She'd obviously recovered from that spontaneous kiss he'd launched at her, the flush gone from her cheeks and a wise look in her eyes. "You're done, aren't you?" she asked quietly.

"With Mac?" Pain stung his heart like a wasp. "I think so."

They began to walk again, making their way through the crowd of happy, smiling people. They reached the edge of the lot, and instead of heading over to his Jeep, he led Holly across the street. "I need a drink," he muttered.

"Me too." Holly fanned her face. "Don't tell Carson I said this, but you're a damn good kisser, Charleston."

He managed a grin. "Thanks."

She frowned. "I wish you'd given me a heads up, though. I don't kiss well under pressure."

The grin turned into a laugh. "You did just fine."

They reached the one and only bar in Hunter Ridge. A look through the window showed the place to be practically empty, and Will held open the door for Holly then followed her inside. He gave a polite smile to the waitress, who ushered them to a booth near the window. After they'd sat and ordered a couple of beers, Will looked at Holly and groaned.

"What would you do, if you were me?" He sighed. "Give up?"

She paused thoughtfully. "I'm not sure it's possible to give up on love."

"If Carson had put up a fight about being with you, would you have tried to force him to change his mind?"

"Yes, if I knew he loved me." Holly gave a sheepish grin. "Actually, Carson and I were kind of in the same situation. I kept fighting the relationship, didn't want to get seriously involved, and he kept pushing until I finally gave us a chance."

"Are you glad he did?"

"Yes." No hesitation in her tone. "If he hadn't fought for us, we might not be together right now."

Will ran a hand through his hair. "So you're saying I should fight for her? Even when she's determined to pretend she's not in love with me?"

The waitress returned to deliver their drink order, and Holly lifted the beer bottle to her lips. "But you know it's a lie, and she'll admit it eventually. Because she does love you. You should've seen her face when the kiss ended. Sheer misery."

His stomach clenched. He did not like knowing Mac had been in pain, and that he'd caused it.

"I didn't see her trying to stop me," he finally said, then took a long swig of his beer. His mouth lifted in a bitter smile. "She's probably gone home by now, hiding in that farmhouse the way she's done for years."

Holly's lips curved, her focus on the window behind Will. "I wouldn't bet on it," she murmured.

He quickly twisted around, his heart leaping when he spotted Mackenzie crossing the narrow street, each step she took heavy with determination. Her lush mouth was set in a firm line, her pale blue eyes flashing with what looked like fury.

Seconds later, she threw open the door and stormed into the bar.

"You're an ass**le, Will Charleston!" Mackenzie flung the insult at him like a live grenade, her cheeks burning with anger.

He raised one brow. "Am I?"

Ignoring him, Mac turned her attention to Holly, who seemed to be fighting back a smile. "You should know that you're dating an insensitive jerk."

Holly echoed Will's reply. "Am I?"

"Did he tell you he slept with me last week?" Mac demanded.

The bar grew quiet. The three patrons sitting by the long chrome counter immediately swiveled their heads in the direction of the booth. Even the waitress eyed them curiously.

But Mac was oblivious to the inquisitive stares, and that said a lot-she always cared way too much about what the people in town thought of her. "Will and I had sex last week," Mac said, her gaze trained on the brunette. "Did you know that?"

"No," Holly said with a shrug.

"Doesn't that bother you?" Mackenzie snapped.

"Why should it?" Holly took a casual sip of her beer. "If it had meant anything, he'd be with you right now, not me."

Will hid a smile. Holly was going all out, wasn't she?

"It meant something!" Mac burst out. "It meant everything."

Will was stunned to see her eyes fill up with tears. "Mackenzie-"

"No," she interrupted. "I don't want to listen to you anymore. I get it, you're done with me. Fine. I'm done with you too, Will."

She spun around and hurried out the door, the heels of her sexy leather boots clicking with each furious step.

"Go," Holly said with a sigh.

Without a response, Will shot out of the booth and took off after Mackenzie. He caught up to her just as she reached her car. "Don't even think about running off," he ordered, digging his fingers into the sleeve of her shirt.

"Leave me alone," she said, trying to free her arm.

He tightened his grip and dragged her to the narrow alleyway that separated Paula's general store from the hair salon. A single bulb bathed the alley in a pale yellow glow, revealing Mac's wet cheeks and eyelashes that were spiky with tears. Her gaze flitted all over the place, landing on everything but him.

"Look at me," he demanded.

"No."

He edged closer, slowly backing her into the brick wall, one hand still on her arm, the other now on her chin. He forcibly made her look at him. "What the hell do you want from me, Mackenzie?"

She let out a small sob. "Nothing."

"Bullshit. What do you want?"

A few more tears spilled out of the corners of her eyes. "I don't want anything to change."

"Too bad, it has." He wiped the tears away with his thumb, then lowered his fingers and rubbed her bottom lip. "Everything changed the moment you kissed me. Not when I showed up at your house during the storm, not when I slid my c**k into you, but when you kissed me."

"I already told you, I was upset about Dan and-"

"You were attracted to me," he cut in. "You're still attracted to me." He dragged his fingers along the slender column of her throat, across her collarbone, down to that enticing 'V' of her chest.

"Don't," she whispered.

He dipped his fingers into her cle**age, stroking the upper swell of one breast. "Don't even pretend you want me to stop," he whispered back.

She gasped as he moved his palm underneath the lacy cup of her bra and cupped her breast. "This isn't right."

"It's right," he disagreed huskily. "Baby, it's always been right."

He let go of her arm, moving his other hand underneath her shirt. He cupped both br**sts, stroking, dragging his thumbs over her ni**les. Her breathing quickened, her blue eyes dark with arousal. Knowing she was turned on, that he turned her on, made his c**k thicken and strain against his zipper. Anticipation coiled inside him, tight and urgent like a rattlesnake about to attack. With a groan, he lowered his head to those enticing br**sts, nuzzling his cheek against one stiff nipple before catching it in his mouth and sucking deeply.

Mac gasped with pleasure.

"You like that, don't you?" he murmured then scraped his teeth over her hard bud.

She didn't reply, only released a little moan, and it was all he needed to hear. With his face on her br**sts, tongue licking a nipple, he slid his hands down to her ass and squeezed her firm bu**ocks, stroking and caressing, the intimate massage making her moan again. His c**k jerked when Mac's fingers found their way into his hair, tugging on the dark strands, keeping him trapped against her br**sts. God, he would never get enough of this woman.

He moved a hand to the button of her jeans, skillfully popped it open and let his fingers go exploring. He rubbed her pu**y through her panties, the heat of her searing his skin. His groin clenched. Fuck, he could come right now if he let himself, just from the feel of that hot mound under his palm. Mac started rocking against his hand, urging him on with soft little sounds, thrusting her br**sts into his face.

With a strangled groan, he shoved aside the crotch of her panties and found her clit, applying pressure with his thumb.

Mac threw her head back and climaxed, a rippling explosion that covered his fingers with moisture and made every inch of him ache with raw, uncontrollable desire.

"I'm taking you home," he ground out, barely able to breathe, let alone speak. "Right now."

She looked up at him with glazed, sated eyes. "What?"

"I'm serious, baby. I need to be inside you." He took his hand out of her panties and quickly tugged her bra and shirt back into place.

"But..." She shook her head, as if trying to snap out of a hypnotic trance. "What about Holly?"

It took him a second to realize what the hell she was talking about. His supposed new girlfriend. "You don't need to worry about Holly. Just get in the car and drive home. I'll follow you there after I talk to her."

"Will-"

He cut her off with a harsh kiss, his tongue filling her mouth. Just as she began to respond, he pulled back. "Go home, baby. And you better be naked when I get there."

Mac was fully clothed when Will walked through the front door of her farmhouse nearly half an hour later. During the drive home, and the subsequent wait for Will to settle things with the woman he was currently dating, Mac had had plenty of time to think and ask herself a few important questions. The main one being, what the hell was she doing?

It was bad enough that she'd let Will bring her to orgasm in public, but agreeing to spend the night with him again? It was crazy. And foolish. Without the haze of sexual attraction fogging up her brain, she had a clear line of vision to the reason she'd always kept Will safely in the friend zone. Their friendship. Sex was temporary, but what she and Will had, well, that wasn't something she was willing to give up.

And considering what she'd seen, she couldn't allow sex to complicate her fragile relationship with Will. If he died in that crash-she refused to use the word when-then she didn't want their remaining time together to be messy and complicated. She didn't want to fight with him, or have sex ruin their friendship.

She wanted the familiar. Stable, comfortable Will, her best friend.

But...what if he did die? Shouldn't she allow herself one more night with him? She'd already decided to tell him about the vision, a goal she'd seemed to lose track of between watching Will kiss another woman and then letting the attraction distract her in the alley. She'd planned on doing it now, before that attraction reared its irritating head again, but suddenly she was reconsidering.

One more night in his arms, in his bed. Didn't she deserve at least that before she informed him of his impending death?

Her heart pounded as she watched him kick off his shoes and shut the door. The stark desire on his face took her breath away. No man had ever looked at her like that before, as if she were a juicy feast he couldn't wait to devour, as if she were his entire world.

"You didn't listen," he said huskily, moving toward her with catlike grace.

"What?" she stammered.

He reached her, his strong arms encircling her waist. He bent his head and licked her neck with his warm tongue. "You're still dressed."

It took every ounce of strength she possessed to shrug out of his seductive arms. "What happened with Holly?" She kept her voice firm, calm, determined not to let him steal her common sense the way he'd done less than an hour ago.

Will seemed irritated by the question. "I told her I was coming home with you."

Mac gaped at him. "And what, you left her alone at Harriet's BandB, in a strange town where she doesn't know a soul? God, Will, you really are an ass!"

The callousness of his actions was just what she needed to get her brain in check. It was far easier to be angry with Will than to lust over him like an animal in heat.

"No, I didn't leave her alone." A sigh rolled out of his chest. "Her boyfriend is on his way to pick her up."

Deafening silence filled the room.

Mac stared at him in shock, the implication of his words whipping around in her head until an uncharacteristic growl ripped out of her mouth. "Her boyfriend?" she exclaimed heatedly. "You...you brought her here...kissed her...and she's not even your girlfriend?"

"Nope."

His cavalier tone intensified the jolt of betrayal in her belly. "You tricked me? Why the hell would you do that?"

He shrugged. "To make you jealous."

She'd known the answer before he even said the words, and she suddenly felt like a total idiot for playing right into his hands. Of course Will wouldn't have fallen into bed with someone else a mere day after he'd slept with Mac. He wasn't that kind of man. Oh no, Will was loyal to the core, ridiculously stubborn, dead-set on getting what he wanted, and for fifteen years, he'd wanted her. So much so that he'd resorted to juvenile tactics to get her.

And he'd succeeded, that son of a bitch. Mac knew without a doubt tonight's vision wouldn't have come true, she wouldn't have let him bring her to orgasm in that damn alley, if Holly hadn't been in the picture. The sight of Will with another woman had made her insane, hammered her with nails of jealousy and resentment, and driven her to give Will exactly what he wanted.

"Oh, don't look at me like that," he said with a dry grin. "You would've done the same thing in my place."

"Maybe in the sixth grade," she huffed. "Damn you! It's not fair to play with people's emotions like that."

He moved closer again, the spicy, masculine scent of him filling her nose and weakening her resolve. She held up a hand. "Don't you dare come any closer. I'm furious with you."

Another shrug. "Good. I've found angry sex can be damn hot."

She swatted at his outstretched hands. "I'm not having sex with you."

"Yes, you are." His voice was smoky with heat and seduction.

Almost immediately, her mind cleared of everything but the desire she felt for this man. She forgot about the vision of his helicopter, her anger about his lie, everything.

Damn it, she wanted just one more night with him.

Mac's br**sts grew heavy and her muscles clenched in anticipation as he thrust his hand in her hair and angled her head to accommodate his approaching mouth. The kiss was electrifying, molten hot and deliciously erotic. His tongue pried her lips open, delving into her mouth and flicking determinedly against her own tingling tongue.

And then his lips moved, and he was exploring her neck, nibbling her flushed skin. "You are going to have sex with me," he murmured, his breath fanning over her flesh. "Tonight, tomorrow morning, tomorrow night, and the night after, and the one after that. I'm going to f**k you every second of every f**king day, until you won't remember what it's like not having my c**k inside of you."

His mouth returned to hers, his tongue tracing her lower lip. "Now take off your clothes. I want to look at you."

She feared he might've cast a spell on her, because she found herself doing precisely what he'd asked. She stripped off her shirt and bra then wiggled out of her jeans and panties. Just like that. He commanded, and she obeyed. Damn it. She should hate herself for her weakness, how easily she gave into this man's husky orders and persuasive hands.

Will's dark eyes studied every inch of her exposed body. Each time his gaze lingered, on her br**sts, her tummy, her thighs, her sex, flames licked at her skin. She was unbearably hot, painfully aroused.

Damn him.

Features strained, Will unceremoniously ripped his shirt over his head then tackled his jeans. After he shucked his boxers, he stepped toward her, naked, beautiful, his thick c**k jutting out eagerly.

Moisture pooled between her legs. She wanted him inside of her. She wanted every inch of him buried deep inside of her.

"Widen your legs," he rasped out.

She did as he asked, shivering wildly as he sank to his knees and kissed the inside of one thigh. His big hands rested on her bu**ocks, drawing her toward him, toward his waiting mouth.

Mac threw her head back and cried out when his tongue found her clit. The sensations swirling through her body were too much, too fierce and too hot and- "More," she squeezed out. "Give me more."

He did, burying his face deeper, sucking harder on her clit until she couldn't stay upright anymore. Noticing her floundering equilibrium, he tugged her down to the floor and repositioned her so that she lay flat on her back, legs wide open, her moist center exposed and aching for him.

"You're so f**king beautiful," Will said gruffly, his gaze fixed on her most intimate place. "I want to eat you up, baby."

"Do it then." The wanton words slid out before she could stop them.

He shot her a faint half-smile then dipped his head. Her hips surged toward him, and she rubbed herself against his mouth, desperately grabbing every bit of pleasure he had to offer. He brought his tongue back to her clit, licking, gently scraping his teeth over it, while two long fingers worked their way inside her hot channel. The resulting orgasm sent a bolt of lightning up her spine, seizing her body and lighting it on fire.

She heard her moans fill the room, but the reckless, blissful sounds seemed to be coming from far away. All she could hear, see, feel, was Will, and his tongue, his fingers, his hot breath on her clit.

Mac barely had a chance to come down from the orgasmic high when Will climbed up her body and drove his c**k inside her. There was nothing gentle about his movements. Long, hard strokes, his c**k slamming into her, his fingers digging into her hips. The hardwood floor beneath her back was cold, unforgiving, but it only added to the rising urgency, the rough, unrestrained thrusts and desperate groans.

It had never been like this with any other man. So good, it was so damn good. Her arms tightened around his muscular back, fingernails digging into his sinewy flesh. Will let out a harsh curse, muttering, "Too fast," even as he was shuddering over her, jerking wildly as he filled her with his hot seed.

His breath came out in pants, his shaft pulsating inside her, and Mac found herself smiling as she looked up at his sexy, dark eyes, thick with passion and arousal. She liked seeing Will lose control. He was always so serious, his emotions never quite reaching his eyes, but not now. Now, she could see everything he was feeling. The raw desire, the tenderness, the love.

Love.

The notion made her stiffen, and Will quickly captured her mouth and kissed her. "No," he ordered into her lips. "You are not pulling back from me again."

She tried turning her face away from the possessive kiss, but he wouldn't have it. "No," he said again, and then before she could even blink, he withdrew, lifted her to her feet, and carried her into the bedroom.

Chapter Seven

It only took two days for Will to accept that he would simply never be able to get enough of Mackenzie, and it was a truth he wouldn't be complaining about any time soon. He wondered, as he strode out of the bathroom on Sunday night, if this was even natural. He and Mac had stayed in bed since the night of the carnival, only getting up to grab a quick bite or take a shower, though both activities had resulted in yet another round of ridiculously hot sex. But again, no complaints.

The only downside was that he sensed there was something on her mind. Every now and then, she would grow silent, bite her bottom lip, or look at him with a troubled frown. Since he had a feeling it had to do with residual doubt, he hadn't pushed for answers. The last thing he wanted to do was remind her of her previous reservations about him. About them.

"Your phone rang again," Mac said as he settled himself on the bed.

Her raven hair was tousled, and the sight of her red cheeks brought a smile to his lips. She'd come only moments ago, as he'd slid his fingers into her tight pu**y, and he loved seeing the remnants of that climax on her flushed face.

Drawing her warm, naked body toward his, he absently stroked her bare shoulder as she he reached for the cell phone sitting on the dresser. The missed call on the screen was from Carson.

Will sighed.

Next to him, Mac peered at the phone and laughed. "Oh, call him back already. He can't kill you when you're here and he's all the way in San Diego."

"Wanna bet?"

"At least check your messages then. Maybe he's not even angry."

"Again, wanna bet?"

Still, he punched in the code for his mailbox then pressed the speakerphone button. A moment later, Carson's voice came on.

"You kissed my girlfriend? My f**king girlfriend? I don't give two shits if you're my Lieutenant. I'm kicking your goddamn ass, Charleston!" Click.

Will glanced down at the naked woman in his arms. "See?"

"Let's hear the next one," she said with a laugh.

He hit delete, and moved to the following message.

"Holly just told me you had your hands on her ass. I swear to God, Will, I'm tearing out your throat." Click.

"Had enough?" Will grumbled, about to toss aside the phone.

Laughing uncontrollably, Mac grabbed the cell from his hands. "One more," she begged.

Carson's voice again. "Okay, I may be starting to calm down. Holly just reminded me that I had sex with my best friend's wife not so long ago and-"

"What?" Mac's eyebrows shot to her forehead.

"-a kiss isn't as bad as sex. Nevertheless, ass**le, it's still pretty bad." Click.

"He had sex with his best friend's wife?" Mac asked, looking startled.

"It was a threesome," Will answered, as if that explained everything.

Funny enough, she nodded. "Okay." She studied him curiously. "Have you ever had a threesome?"

"I'm afraid I'm a one-woman guy." He grinned. "I'd rip the head off any man who tried to touch you in front of me."

"Interesting. I'm in bed with a barbarian." She tilted her head. "Does that mean I can rip Holly's head off?"

He laughed. "Not unless you want to contend with Carson. Besides, that kiss meant nothing."

She narrowed her eyes. "So you didn't get hard?"

A shrug.

"You did!" she exclaimed, jabbing an accusing finger into his bare chest. "I can't believe you!"

"I only got hard because I knew you were watching," he said sheepishly.

"Even when you knew it was driving me crazy with jealousy?"

Another shrug.

Mac's lush lips curved in a devilish smile. "I think it's time for some payback."

"Oh really?"

"Mmm-hmmm." She shoved away the sheets tangled between their bodies and moved to straddle his lap. "Maybe it's time I drove you crazy."

"Baby, you drive me crazy just by breathing."

Still, her naughty threat had intrigued the hell out of his cock, which was now harder than concrete and jutting out hopefully. Mac grinned when her gaze landed on his erection. She reached down and circled her fingers around the base of his shaft, tugging gently.

A shudder wracked through him. "I was about to make us some dinner," he protested.

"Ha! Your cooking is as bad as mine. We'll order pizza after I'm finished with you."

Despite the fact that he'd f**ked her, oh, about five times today, his arousal levels skyrocketed. The tip of his c**k tingled, anticipating Mac's next move.

And his dick wasn't disappointed, because her next move consisted of sliding down his chest and taking him into her mouth.

Heat speared into him like a harpoon. His balls tightened, his muscles grew taut. He would never tire of this woman. She was f**king incredible. Her mouth was hot and moist and tight, and he groaned as her tongue teased his cock, sucked and licked. One hand pumped his shaft, the other cupped his balls, fingernails scraping over the aching sac.

Will moved his hands to her hair, stroking the silky strands, guiding her head over him. It was hard to control himself, to stop from thrusting deep into her throat, as far as his c**k could go. His pulse pounded in his ears, pleasure sizzling through his bloodstream as the hot suction of her mouth and insistent strokes of her hand brought him closer and closer to the edge.

His c**k demanded to be inside her, to feel her wet pu**y fisted over him, but Mac refused to release him. Her mouth devoured him, making its own demands, until his climax exploded inside him like a volcano erupting, and he came into her mouth.

Heart pounding, he sucked in a lungful of oxygen, wondering how she did this to him. Made him lose control, evoked such raw pleasure in his body.

"Okay, we're even," Mac teased, kissing his tip quickly before rising up on her knees. Her bare br**sts were tinted red with arousal, but before he could reach for those delectable mounds, she swatted his hands away. "Go order that pizza, Charleston. I'm hungry."

"Fine," he grumbled.

Hopping off the bed, he picked his boxers off the floor and slipped them on. Mac settled herself under the covers, shooting him a little smile. "I'll just wait here."

He released a groan. "And make me go downstairs and order a pizza knowing you're lying up here naked?"

"Incentive to be fast," she answered with a shrug.

Smiling, he left the bedroom and padded barefoot down the stairs. His smile widened when he entered the kitchen and spotted a slice of bread lying haphazardly on the tiled floor. He and Mac had come down to make sandwiches earlier in the afternoon and wound up screwing against the counter. He'd probably never look at bread the same way again.

He found the number for the one and only pizza place in town clipped to the fridge. Grabbing the cordless phone, he dialed the number and placed a quick order, bending down to retrieve the fallen slice of bread as he spoke to the woman who owned the pizza parlor. He was assured the pizza would arrive within half an hour, and his mouth curved. Thirty minutes was plenty of time to make Mackenzie come again.

When he strode back into the bedroom, his cell phone was ringing again.

Rolling her eyes, Mac held it out to him and remarked, "Mr. Popularity."

He took the phone and glanced at the screen, then stifled a groan. "Damn it."

Concern filled her eyes. "Who is it?"

"My commanding officer." Letting out a breath, he lifted the phone to his ear and said, "Charleston."

He listened to Commander Warner's brisk orders, hung up and released another breath, this one tinged with regret. Raking his fingers through his hair, he glanced at Mac. "I have to go."

The concern in her gaze deepened, joined by a flicker of panic. "Why?"

"The team's been called. We're flying out tonight."

Since they'd been in this position a bunch of times before, him getting called out while visiting her, the horror that widened her blue eyes shocked him. He instantly sank to the edge of the bed. "Hey, what's wrong?"

A shaky breath flew out of her mouth.

"Mac, talk to me. What's going on?"

She stayed quiet for so long he began to worry, and just as he was about to pull her into his arms, she spoke.

"Don't go."

Her voice came out in a hoarse whisper, laced with such agony he wondered if he was missing something.

Blinking, he said, "What?"

"Don't go," she echoed, her shoulders shaking as she sucked in a gulp of oxygen. "Please, Will, you can't go."

Mac's heart thudded so loudly she could barely hear her own voice. Her own pleas. The entire weekend she'd tried not to think about the vision, tried to pretend it never happened. And it had worked. She'd spent the past two days in Will's arms, kissed him, made love to him, laughed with him.

She'd been wrong when she'd thought sex would complicate things. If anything, she'd never felt closer to Will.

Yet those awful images-the smoke, the helicopter-had lingered in the back of her mind, reminding her that any minute, any second, she could lose him.

She'd thought about telling him, warning him, but she hadn't wanted to spoil things. The last two days had been too incredible, too magical, and her vision would only have destroyed that.

But now she couldn't hide from it anymore.

Tears sprang from her eyes, pouring down her cheeks, and her throat was so tight she couldn't get any words out.

Will had her in his arms in a flash, his hand delicately pushing her hair away from her face. "It's okay, baby," he murmured, stroking her bare back in soothing circular motions. "Tell me what's wrong."

She finally lifted her head and let out another soft sob. "I don't want you to leave me."

His dark eyes softened. Then he sighed. "I thought we got past this already. I told you, I'll never leave you. I love you. You need to believe that."

"I do believe it," she choked out, swiping at her wet cheeks. "This isn't about...that. It's...please, Will. Don't go on that mission."

A heavy silence fell. She could feel his gaze on her, could practically hear the puzzle pieces snapping into place in his mind.

His voice low, he said, "You had a vision."

She drew in a ragged breath. "Yes."

"About me."

"Yes," she said again.

He swallowed, his throat working hard. "How bad?"

"Really bad," she whispered.

A tear slid down her cheek. Instantly, Will's warm thumb wiped it away. She met his gaze, surprised to find it calm and steady, as if what she'd just told him was no big deal.

"What is the matter with you?" she burst out, panic returning to her chest. "Didn't you hear what I said?"

"I heard."

"Then why are you so calm?" A thought suddenly occurred, followed by a rush of relief. "You're not going, right? That's why you're not freaked out. You're going to stay here."

"No, I'm going."

Her head snapped up. "No. You can't. If you go, you'll die."

He spoke in a husky tone. "Did you actually see it? Did I die in the vision?"

Chopper falling from the sky, hurtling toward the canopy of green below.

"I saw...your helicopter was shot down," she whispered.

"Did you see my body?"

"No, but-"

"People survive helo crashes all the time, baby. Your vision doesn't have to end in death."

His calm composure infuriated her. "You can't go!"

"It's my job," he said quietly.

"Screw your job! What about your life?" Her breath came out in sharp pants. "What about everything you're always saying to me, how you'll always be there, how I won't lose you?"

"I've always meant what I've said." He reached out for her, but she shoved his hands away. "Come on, don't be like this. I'm a SEAL, Mac. I deal with dangerous situations all the time, and I always come back."

"You're not invincible." The tears returned with full-force. "What if you don't come back this time, Will?"

"Then I go to the grave the happiest man alive." He shot her a crooked smile. "I just spent the weekend with the woman I love."

Her hands began to shake. "Stay with me. Please."

He sighed. "Mac, this is my job. You've always accepted it before."

"Yeah, when you were my best friend, not the man I lo-" She halted.

Will's dark eyes glimmered. "Finish that sentence, baby."

"Only if you promise not to go."

"Finish the sentence."

She fought another wave of tears, her heart squeezing so hard she thought it would stop working altogether. "The man I love," she squeezed out. "There. After fifteen years, I've finally quit being a coward and said it. I love you, Will. I love you so damn much and I refuse to lose you."

Pleasure shone on his face. "I love you too. And you won't lose me."

"If you go-"

"I have to go," he cut in. "Being a SEAL is who I am. It's a part of me. Just like the visions are a part of you. They make you who you are. I accept that, and you've got to accept this."

Her chest ached so badly it felt like someone was scraping it with a dull blade. Will shifted, and the next thing she knew he'd flipped her over. She lay on her back, with Will propped up on his elbow next to her, gazing down at her with those gorgeous black eyes. "I love you, Mackenzie. And no measly helicopter crash will keep me from coming home to you."

She closed her eyes. "God, Will, if something happens to you..."

"Then it happens." He placed his palm on her belly and traced her belly button with his fingers. "Which means we need to take advantage of the time we have now."

Her br**sts began to tingle as his fingers drifted toward them. His touch was warm, gentle, and her body swiftly responded. Nipples hardening, clit swelling. It bothered her that she could still get turned on when her entire body felt bruised, when her stomach still churned with the fear of losing him and the anger that he was putting himself in the position for that to happen.

She intercepted his hand before it reached the bottom of one breast. "I was wrong," she said shakily.

His forehead wrinkled. "About what?"

"You." When a frown creased his sensual mouth, she hurried on. "You'll always be there for me, won't you, Will?"

"That's what I've been trying to tell you all along."

He framed her face with his hands and took possession of her mouth, his lips firm and reassuring. The kiss brought the tears back to her eyes.

She loved him. She'd always loved him. She'd never felt like she'd truly belonged until Will moved to Hunter Ridge. And fifteen years later-God, how had he waited this long?-fifteen years later she was finally ready to admit it. Admit how much she wanted him, needed him.

As if he'd read her thoughts, he moved over her body and rubbed her opening with the tip of his cock. "Let me in, baby," he muttered.

Since she'd widened her legs the moment he initiated the erotic intrusion, she knew he wasn't talking about sex. It was hard to form a coherent sentence when he was stroking her entrance like that, teasing her clit with his cock, but she managed. Moistened her suddenly dry lips and said, "I love you."

His breath hitched. He pushed his c**k into her, and then moved inside her. At each thrust, she neared the edge, close to toppling right over it. She wrapped her legs around him and dragged her fingers up and down his back, digging her nails into his sweat-soaked skin.

He captured her lips with his and quickened his pace. Faster. Harder. Until her body quivered beneath his, her inner muscles squeezed against his dick and a wild moan flew out of her mouth. She came hard and fierce, her sex throbbing, her heart thumping in her ears. He let go a moment later, his c**k jerking inside her, his lips pressed against hers. She gripped his neck and pulled him closer, relishing the way his heartbeat thudded against her br**sts.

"I love you," he whispered hoarsely, burying his face in the crook of her neck.

She breathed in his spicy, masculine scent, smiling when she felt his c**k twitch inside her.

Slowly, he withdrew, then wrapped one muscular arm around her waist and pulled her closer. They lay there, silent, sated, until finally he disentangled himself from her embrace and sat up.

"I have to go now," he said, his voice soft.

Tears pricked her eyelids again. "I know."

He slowly rose from the bed and began gathering up his clothing. She said nothing as he dressed, just watched him through a sheen of tears. God, let him be okay. Let her vision be wrong. For the first time in her life, just let her be wrong.

Sliding his cell phone in his pocket, Will approached the bed, where she lay tangled in the sheets, her body still feeling the effects of him.

With a sexy smile, he bent down and kissed her, his tongue warm as it found its way into her mouth. She responded frantically, kissing him back so hard she was almost embarrassed. But he didn't seem to mind. Their tongues dueled, breaths coming out heavy, and then he pulled back.

"I'll see you soon," he murmured.

Her chest throbbed with pain. "Promise?"

"You f**king bet I do."

Smiling through her tears, she watched him walk out the door.

Epilogue

"So...let's not do that again," Carson remarked dryly as the chopper set down on the helipad at the Coronado Naval Base.

Will managed a shaky chuckle then glanced around the small space, assessing the other men. Like him, they were covered in mud and reeked like the swamp they'd crawled through for ten hours. Garrett had soot on his face from the explosion. Ryan Evans' right arm was bandaged from the bullet that had sliced through it. But other than that, they were all in good shape.

He experienced a flicker of pain as he thought about their pilot. Craig hadn't survived the crash. God, Will didn't want to be there when they told the guy's wife.

"I'm still pissed off that you knew this would happen," Matt O'Connor grumbled, shooting Will a dirty look. "Some warning would've been nice, Lieutenant."

"You can't change the future, man. Telling you guys would've achieved nothing."

Ryan cocked his head, looking intrigued. "So your girl really saw it happen? She saw the crash?"

Will nodded.

"Think she knows who I'll be screwing tonight?"

He rolled his eyes. "You were shot in the arm. I doubt you'll be screwing anyone."

Ryan glanced at Matt and grinned. "He underestimates my sexual prowess."

As the pilot set the chopper down at the base, Will noticed Carson glaring at him from the seat across. "What now?"

"Just thinking about how you kissed my girlfriend, that's all."

He groaned. "How many times do I have to apologize for that?"

"At least, oh, about a thousand more."

Garrett jabbed Carson's ribs. "Hey, you f**ked my wife. The Lieutenant's a choir boy in comparison."

The chatter died as the helicopter landed. The six men immediately jumped out, and Will watched in amusement as his teammates took off. Carson and Garrett moved the fastest, obviously eager to wash the mud off and go home to their women.

Which is precisely what Will planned on doing.

Striding into the building, he headed down the corridor and walked into the first empty office he saw. He made a beeline for the phone and dialed so fast he feared he'd pressed the wrong numbers.

And then he heard her voice.

"Hey," he said softly.

A stunned silence, and then, "Oh, thank God! Oh God. You're okay! Oh Jesus."

He fought a smile. "Is it inappropriate to say I told you so?"

"Very." There was a soft sniffle. "I've been going crazy with worry, Will. Your commander called me when you lost radio contact, and he sounded freaked, and... Oh God. Are you sure you're okay?"

"Yep. In perfect health too." He wrinkled his nose as the aroma of mud and swamp drifted up to it. "I smell like shit, though. I should probably hop in the shower before I-"

"Don't you dare," Mackenzie cut in. "You're to do nothing but get in your car and come home."

"It'll take me an hour to get there. You'll have to exercise some patience, baby."

"Don't talk to me about patience. I've just spent the past three days waiting by the phone."

"Well, sit tight for just a while longer, baby. I'll be there soon."

"Will?" Her voice shook. "I love you."

His heart did a dumb little flip, but lord, how he loved hearing those three words come out of her mouth. "I love you too, Mac. Always have, always will."

"Good. So come home, Will. Now."

He grinned. "Yes, ma'am."

