Chapter One

Jackson Ramsey was a man on a mission. He marched into the bar, scanned the room, and once he'd locked in on his target, he moved toward it with military precision. He didn't pause to smile at a passing waitress, didn't break his stride to approach the three lovely females waving at him from a nearby booth. He simply strode to the table where his teammates were hunkered down, stole Cash McCoy's beer right out of his hand and planted his ass in the last empty chair.

"Well," Cash said dryly. "Looks like Rude Randy is here. Gimme back my beer, ass**le."

Jackson took a long swig before relinquishing the bottle. "Trust me, I need it more than you do right now."

Across the table, Seth Masterson checked his tactical watch with a frown. "It's only nine o'clock-I thought you were picking her up at eight. What were you trying to do, set a record for the fastest date on the planet?"

"Honestly, I think that was the longest hour of my life," he answered with a heavy sigh.

"That bad, huh?" Dylan Wade spoke up.

"That bad," Jackson confirmed.

The waitress he'd bulldozed past approached the table to take his order, and though he didn't usually drink anything other than good ol' fashioned Bud Light, he opted for two shots of whiskey, which caused his three fellow SEALs to raise their eyebrows in surprise.

Seth grinned. "Going for the hard liquor tonight, eh?"

"All right, let's hear it," Cash said with a laugh. "What happened on the date?"

Growing up, Jackson had never been much of a talker. The long line of Texan cattle ranchers he'd come from had no doubt programmed a whole lot of silent, brooding cowboy into his genetic code, but from the moment he'd met Seth, Cash and Dylan during SEAL training, he'd turned into a dang chatterbox. The boys were so easy to talk to, and he had to admit, it was nice to have confidants he could trust, who didn't judge him the way everyone back in Abbott Creek did. He'd discovered at a young age that small towns were rife with judgment and disapproval.

"Well, everythin' was going okay at first," he told the guys, leaning back in his chair. "I picked her up at her place, we were chattin' in the truck, she was all dreamy-eyed when I opened every door for her and pulled her chair out in the restaurant."

"This is the Southern chick we're talking about, right?" Dylan interjected. "The one you met at Savannah's shop?"

Jackson nodded, his mind returning to that sunny afternoon when he'd encountered the beautiful Kelly Ann in the flowershop owned by a teammate's fiancee. The blonde's Southern drawl had immediately drawn him in, reminding him of back home, but it had been her easygoing smile and earnest demeanor that won him over. He'd asked her out right then and there, and had been looking forward to this date all week.

Another sigh lodged in his chest. "Anyway, we sit down and order. We're talkin' about our families, our jobs, the usual shit, but then I ask her about growing up in Georgia and suddenly she tells me she has a confession to make."

Seth snorted. "What, did you find out she turned tricks in Georgia or something?"

"I doubt it, considering she's not from Georgia." He let out a groan. "Turns out she's never even been to the south. She was faking the accent."

His buddies hooted.

"So she starts apologizing and going on and on about how she heard my accent when I was talkin' to Savannah in the shop and how she thought that if she pretended to be Southern it would be a good way to approach me. You know, 'cause we'd have somethin' in common."

Dylan's green eyes twinkled with amusement. "That's totally nutso, but kinda sweet, if you think about it."

"Yeah, not the end of the world." Cash hooked a thumb at their resident smartass. "Masterson faked a Russian accent with that chick from the club a couple years ago, and she still banged him again even after he confessed that he wasn't Dracula."

"Dracula wasn't Russian, dumbass," Seth said, rolling his eyes.

Cash waved a hand. "Same diff."

"Don't worry," Jackson assured them. "I didn't abandon ship when she told me."

Nope, he'd been willing to overlook the teeny little fib because Kelly Ann had been so dang cute. And besides, it really was sweet that she'd gone to such lengths just to meet him.

"Here you go, honey," Roz the waitress announced, interrupting the discussion by dropping two full shot glasses in front of Jackson. "Enjoy."

He reached for one of the shots. "Thanks, darlin'."

As she darted off, Jackson threw his head back and inhaled the first shot, followed immediately by the second. The whiskey slid down his throat in a nice, slow burn and warmed his insides, but it didn't succeed in vanquishing the frustration gathering in his body.

He promptly picked up where he'd left off. "So our food shows up, things are good again-"

"Did she keep doing the accent?" Seth cut in, chuckling.

"Naah, all traces of the south were gone. Replaced with a northeastern accent. Boston, she says."

Dylan snickered. "'She says'?"

Jackson released a glum breath. "We keep chattin', order some dessert, and then she cuts me off midsentence and says she has another confession to make. Boston accent-poof. It's gone. She's actually from North Dakota."

There was a brief silence, and then all three SEALs burst out laughing.

"And she's talkin' in this thick North Dakota accent," he went on. "Like right out of Fargo."

Seth started wheezing, slapping a palm on the table as he convulsed with laughter. "Oh sweet baby Jesus, this is awesome."

Cash wiped a tear from the corner of his eye. "What was the explanation this time?"

"She wanted me to think she was sophisticated." Jackson pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling a headache coming on. "So I tell her, no biggie, darlin'. First dates can be stressful, people lie, that kind of shit. But apparently she saw this as me giving her permission to own up to everythin' else, 'cause now she's tellin' me she's not a bank teller like she said-she's actually a cashier at a grocery store. She's not twenty-seven, she's thirty-three. Oh, and her name isn't Kelly Ann. It's f**kin' Susan."

Another silence.

Followed by another round of gut-busting laughter that ended up bringing a wry smile to Jackson's lips. Fine, maybe it was a wee bit funny, he had to admit.

But another part of him was distressed as hell. He was twenty-eight years old-he'd always figured he'd be married with a couple of kids by now. Instead, he was still playing the frickin' field while everyone around him caught the love bug and found the woman of their dreams. Or in Dylan's case, the woman and the man.

He wanted what Seth and Miranda had, dang it. What Cash and Jen had. What Dylan, Claire and Aidan had. Well, minus the Aidan part. He loved Dylan to death, but screwing another dude had never interested Jackson. He just wanted the love part, but it seemed like every woman he went out with was certifiably nuts.

Cash's voice interrupted his depressing thoughts. "So I'm guessing you're not going out with her again."

"Gee, great guess," Seth cracked. "Sherlock f**kin' Holmes over here."

Cash flashed his middle finger at the other man, then turned back to Jackson. "This might actually be a good thing. Jen was just telling me this morning that she thinks she found the perfect woman for you. She wanted me to ask you if it's okay to give the chick your number."

Jackson hesitated. He wasn't crazy about set-ups, but he'd been striking out on his own so much lately that maybe it wouldn't hurt to be more open-minded.

"I don't know," he finally answered.

"Maybe Jen's friend will be the one," Dylan said helpfully.

He shrugged, not at all convinced. "Yeah, maybe. But I'm not sure I-"

"Sorry to interrupt again, boys."

All four of them turned their heads as Roz sauntered to the table with a bottle of Coors in her hand. "You've got an admirer," the forty-something-year-old brunette said with a barely restrained smile.

The remark was directed at Dylan, and she promptly set the beer in front of him. "Compliments of the redhead over there." Roz nodded her head toward the pool table, where a very pretty woman was eyeing Dylan with a coy smile.

Dylan ran a hand through his short blond hair. "Aw, shit. Tell her I appreciate the gesture but I've already got a redhead waiting for me at home. And don't you dare charge her for the drink, Roz. Put it on my tab, 'kay?"

"You got it, hon." The older woman strode off in the direction of Dylan's fan, still grinning to herself.

"Anyway," Seth said after Roz was gone, "now that we've listened to Texas whine about his love life-"

"You frickin' asked me to tell you," Jackson cut in, rolling his eyes.

Seth ignored him. "-how about we get back to my problem? You know, the only issue that matters."

Cash groaned loudly. "For real? We're still on this? Dude, just get the kids a kitten. It's not going to kill you."

"Wait, what are we talkin' about?" Jackson asked.

Dylan quickly filled him in. "The twins want a pet and they can't decide if they should get a kitten or a puppy. Smartass wants a dog, and he's vowed to divorce Miranda if she brings a cat into the house."

"Cats are dicks," Seth burst out. "Seriously. They're f**king dicks. I don't want a pet that makes me work for their love and devotion. Jesus."

"But kittens are so damn cute," Dylan protested.

"Then you get one," Seth grumbled. "Me, I'm a dog guy. Dogs are loyal and smart and they would never f**king eat you if you dropped dead in front of them. But cats? They'd turn you into a meal before your body even got cold. McCoy, back me up here. You love dogs."

Cash chewed on his lip. "I dunno, man. Dylan makes a good point about the whole cuteness thing."

Seth scowled. "Oh, for f**k's sake. You watch one YouTube video and now you're going against everything you once stood for."

"That was the most adorable video I've ever seen in my life," Cash said solemnly.

Jackson had to grin. "Shit, you talkin' about that link Jen emailed everyone? The one where that teeny white kitty was sneezing?"

"Oh man, that was amazing," Dylan agreed. "Screw it. I'm asking Claire and Aidan for a kitten for my birthday."

"Traitors," Seth muttered, jabbing a finger at each of them. "You're all traitors."

"Me again." Roz reappeared, this time carrying a tray of beers. "You boys are popular tonight. This round is from the ladies by the window."

Jackson followed her gaze and tried not to wince when he spotted the group of blondes across the bar. He knew them well-all four had hit on him and his boys at one point or another, but none of the SEALs had ever taken the bait. When you lived in San Diego, you were bound to run into navy groupies, women who trawled every bar and club in the city in search of military men to hook up with. SEALs were the ultimate catch for navy groupies, but Jackson had no intention of sleeping with a woman who only wanted to brag to her friends that she'd bagged a SEAL.

One of the women in the group boldly took a step forward, only to halt when Seth held up his left hand to flash his wedding ring, which gleamed in the dim glow of the overhead light fixture. Seth waved at the other men to indicate they shared the same status, causing the woman's face to flood with disappointment.

Roz chuckled. "I guess I'll be putting these on your tab, too?"

Dylan sighed. "Yup."

"Was it always like this?" Cash asked after Roz dashed off. "When we were single, I mean?"

"What, women ripping off their panties the second we walked into a place?" Seth said with a grin. "The answer to that is yes."

"I'm so glad I don't have to deal with that anymore," Cash remarked, a thoughtful expression on his face. "Never knowing if a chick wants to hook up because she likes me or because she's looking to score with a navy man. I don't know what I'd do if I didn't have Jen."

"I know exactly what you mean," Dylan agreed.

Jackson stayed silent, the frustration building in his gut once more. He didn't begrudge his buddies their happiness, but it seemed unfair that he was the odd man out. Out of all of them, he'd always been the furthest thing from a player. While his friends had slept around and engaged in numerous threesomes and fourgies, he'd been the one looking for something more. Something real.

And now here he was, still single, and surrounded by three former playboys who were now blissfully content in their committed relationships.

He'd be lying if he said he wasn't a little envious.

A little?

Fine. Maybe more than a little. Maybe he was jealous as hell.

"You know what, give her my number," he blurted out, interrupting Cash and Dylan's discussion.

They shot him a blank look.

"Jen's friend," he told Cash. "You can give her my number."

"For real?"

Jackson nodded in defeat.

Lord, he really did hate set-ups, but... At this point, what did he have to lose?

Chapter Two

One week later

"Hey, Texas!" Miranda Masterson chirped over the extension. "Got a sec?"

Jackson hid his surprise as he balanced his cell phone on one shoulder and flipped a pancake on the stove in his tiny kitchen. Seth's wife hardly ever called him, and the sound of her overly cheerful voice raised his hackles a bit.

Why did he get the feeling he wasn't going to like what she had to say?

"What's up, sugar?" he said carefully.

"So listen... I know your date with Jen's friend was a total bust-"

"Oh, you mean because I spent three hours listening to the poor girl cry about how much she missed her ex?"

"Yeah, that." Miranda sounded like she was fighting laughter. "But Seth said you're still open to set-ups and I honestly think I have the perfect woman for you."

He doubted it, but he was too much of a gentleman to say it out loud. "Yeah? And who is this perfect woman?"

"Ginny Stevens. She's one of the instructors at my school, and she's absolutely fabulous. I think you two would really hit it off."

Jackson hesitated. The date Jen had found for him hadn't panned out, but in all honesty, he trusted Miranda's judgment a lot more than McCoy's girlfriend's. Jen was amazing, but she was also flighty at times, while Miranda had a solid head on her shoulders and was a keen judge of character.

"Yeah, I guess I could ask her out," he said thoughtfully.

"Great! Because you're having dinner with her tonight."

A laugh flew out. "Wow. You were that confident I'd say yes, huh?"

"Yup." Miranda rattled off the information about the dinner she'd arranged, then signed off with, "Call me when you get home to tell me how it went!"

Jackson was still chuckling to himself as he hung up the phone and finished making his breakfast. He was due at the base in twenty minutes, and though he hadn't been looking forward to a day of classroom demos, knowing he had a date tonight kind of brightened his mood. After that sob-fest with Jen's friend, he was craving some good company and a conversation that didn't involve any tears.

And who knew. Maybe Ginny Stevens would actually be the one.

Eight hours later

Ginny Stevens was not the one.

Jackson had been trying to remain optimistic for the past two hours, but he could no longer ignore the truth.

Across the booth, the petite, gray-eyed blonde was gazing at him like he was a winning lottery ticket and she had all the right numbers.

When he still didn't respond, some of the light in her eyes dimmed.

"That freaked you out, didn't it?" she said ruefully.

He reached for his glass and took a long sip of Coke, all the while wishing it was whiskey. Or absinthe. Or maybe the date rape drug so he wouldn't have to remember any of this.

"Uh, yeah, a little," he confessed, shifting awkwardly on the hard vinyl bench.

"It's just...well, I know when something feels right. And this feels right. You and me...us...know what I mean?"

No. No, he did not.

Because what woman in her right mind told a man she was falling for him within two hours of meeting?

"Ginny..." He cleared his throat, wondering how on earth he was going to disentangle himself from this situation. "Listen, darlin', you seem like a really great person, you're sweet and smart and funny, but...um..."

Her gray eyes promptly filled with tears. "Are you breaking up with me?"

God help him.

Three days later

"Okay, so I know it didn't work out with Miranda's friend, but I think I found the perfect woman for you."

The confidence in Claire McKinley's voice was unmistakable, and not at all surprising considering Dylan's girlfriend was the most confident person Jackson had ever met. He supposed that Claire's position as a consultant who advised businesses on how to run more efficiently contributed to her air of self-assurance, but after his last two disastrous dates, he was growing more and more skeptical when it came to believing his friends.

"Jackson, you there?"

He flopped down on the living-room couch and leaned his head back. "Yeah, sugar, I'm here. So, who is she?"

"Her name's Monica. She's a friend of mine from the gym, a personal trainer. We got to talking the other day and she said she's tired of all the jerks she's been meeting lately. She wants a real man, one who's into all that chivalry stuff but also strong enough to handle a strong woman. I think you totally fit that bill." Claire paused. "Oh, and she's really hot, in case you were wondering."

"I wasn't, but that's good to know." His tone remained noncommittal.

"So do you want her number? I promise you, she's a really cool girl. Not crazy in the slightest. Very well-adjusted."

He had to smile. "Fine. I guess it wouldn't hurt to give her a ring."

"Yay! I'm so glad you said that, because she's expecting your call. And she's totally free tonight..."

Three hours later

"How much do you press?"

Jackson stared at the incredibly fit brunette seated across from him in the cozy Italian restaurant he'd chosen for their date.

"What?" he asked in confusion.

Monica toyed with the end of her long braid, which was hanging over one shoulder. "Bench-press," she clarified. "You know, weight training. You must do some weight training to stay in such amazing shape, no?"

"Ah, no. I don't lift a lot of weights. Most of our training is done outside of the gym."

She raised her eyebrows. "What's your regimen? And your carb intake?"

"Uh..." He shrugged helplessly. "I don't pay attention to carbs or diet. But I work out every day."

"Walk me through your routine."

For the duration of the date, he listed off everything he did in terms of exercise, while Monica offered feedback and criticism that he certainly hadn't asked for but couldn't deny was valuable.

By the time the waiter dropped off their bill, he was no closer to finding a romantic partner.

But he did have a new personal trainer.

Four days later

"Don't say no until you hear me out!" The plea came from Annabelle Holmes, the fiancee of Ryan Evans, another one of Jackson's teammates.

When Annabelle's number had flashed on his phone, he'd nearly ignored the call. Because really, there was only one reason Annabelle would be calling. Seemed like the only time his phone ever rang these days was when one of his buddies' wives or girlfriends had found "the perfect woman" for him.

Jen, Miranda and Claire had already had their turns.

Holly, his lieutenant's wife, had thrown her candidate's hat in the ring three days ago, which resulted in Jackson kneeling in front of a toilet and holding back his date's hair after she'd had one drink too many at the bar where they'd arranged to meet.

Oh, and Matt O'Connor's fiancee Savannah had produced a busty blonde who'd confessed halfway through dinner that she was a sex addict.

Gee, he couldn't wait to hear what Annabelle had in store for him.

"Darlin', I think I'm done with the matchmaking thing," he grumbled into the phone. "These last two weeks have been torture."

"I know, but I promise you Jeannine's different. I'll even email you a link to her Facebook page so you can see what she's like before you agree to anything. Will you look at it? Please?"

After a moment of hesitation, he let out a breath, feeling beaten. "Fine. I'll take a look."

The next evening

"So then I was, like, O-M-G, did this woman really think that someone with my facial structure could pull off bangs? My forehead is way too short for bangs! And not just bangs, but baby bangs! I swear, I looked absolutely horrible. And they were too short to clip back, so I had no choice but to wear them down all the time. It took months before they grew out. So yeah, I'm never going back to that salon, that's for sure."

Jackson politely sipped his beer as the blue-eyed blonde across the table shot him an incredulous look.

"Can you believe that?" she demanded, her mindless anecdote finally-finally-coming to an end.

"Sounds like a terrible experience, sugar," he replied, all the while praying that the waiter returned with their check soon.

Compared to his other dates of late, this one hadn't been too bad-at least until Jeannine opened her mouth.

When Annabelle had sent him Jeannine's profile picture, the woman's fresh-faced, girl-next-door exterior proved that his friends knew him well. Jeannine was exactly his type-a woman unconcerned with painting on layers of makeup or donning fancy clothes. A woman whose Facebook "likes" included football, Bud Light, and Sunday barbecues.

In other words, the woman of his dreams.

But after spending more than an hour with her, he doubted the girl had ever seen a football game in her life, drank anything other than the daiquiri she was sipping, and since she'd ordered a starter salad for dinner and claimed to be a vegetarian, he couldn't envision her ever scarfing down a burger or a rack of ribs at a barbeque.

Only went to show that everything you read on the Internet was pure and total horseshit.

"It was terrible," she said, nodding fervently. "But the point of this story-"

Wait, there'd actually been a point to this nonsense?

"-is that if I hadn't switched hairdressers, I wouldn't have met Eileen, and then I never would have introduced her to my brother Rob, and the two of them wouldn't be happily married now." She beamed. "So I guess the answer to your question is yes. I totally believe in fate."

Jackson resisted the urge to pull his own hair out. He'd completely forgotten about the question he'd posed, thanks to that twenty-five minute discussion about bangs. No, he had to amend-baby bangs, whatever the heck those were.

Lord, he was ready to go. More than ready, in fact.

And after today, he refused to let his friends set him up ever again.

Chapter Three

Jackson's cell phone rang right after he'd walked Jeannine to her car and said goodbye. She'd tried weaseling a second date out of him, but he'd held his ground, telling her he was too busy with work at the moment. Not a complete lie; as an active-duty Navy SEAL, he was on the base often, honing his skills through training ops and classroom exercises. But since the team had recently come home after a long deployment, technically he had more than enough time to date. God knew he'd been dating up a storm these past two weeks, to no avail.

Jeannine had looked disappointed, but he'd refused to let those big blue eyes sucker him in. Instead, he'd planted a chaste kiss on her cheek, closed the door for her and waved as she'd sped out of the restaurant parking lot.

Now, he glanced at the phone display, saw Seth's number and reluctantly answered.

"So how did date number a hundred go?" Seth's raspy voice demanded. "Did you finally meet the fabled Mrs. Texas?"

He rolled his eyes at his friend's mocking tone. "Not a chance. I was actually considering utilizing that dumbass system you and Dylan came up with. You know, where you fake a call from the base."

"Shit. Struck out again, huh?"

"She's a sweet girl. Just ain't the one."

He headed for his black pick-up truck, which looked out of place amidst the sedans and convertibles in the lot. But even though he'd left Abbott Creek years ago to move to San Diego, he was still a good ol' Texas boy at heart, and no self-respecting Texan drove anything but a pick-up.

"For f**k's sake, Texas, can't you ever say a bad word about anyone? It won't kill you."

"My mama taught me some manners. Unlike yours."

"Hey, my mom's a showgirl. Thanks to her, I got to spy on half-naked dancers growing up. Way more useful than manners."

Jackson slid into the driver's seat. "You call just to snoop about my date or do you want anything else?"

"Miranda wants you to come over for dinner tomorrow night."

He narrowed his eyes. "Why?"

Seth chuckled. "Don't worry, she's not planning on springing another chick on you. She just wants to enjoy your company, God knows why. She said she misses you. So do the rugrats."

He had to grin. "I saw them all a few days ago."

"Hey, you should feel special. They like you the best out of everyone. Well, after Dylan. Soph and Jase are obsessed with that mofo. But Miranda likes you better, I think. She's totally bought your aw-shucks-I'm-such-a-Southern-gentleman act."

"Not an act," he said smugly. "I'm a rare and remarkable specimen of a man."

"Christ, I just want to slug you sometimes."

"I dare you. I'd love to kick your ass again. Haven't done it since that boxing match during Hell Week."

Jackson smirked to himself, his mind straying to that victorious day when he'd demolished Seth in the ring. They'd been a pair of lowly recruits back then, strangers to each other. He remembered taking one look at the tall, scruffy man, listening to Seth's trash talk and deciding that someone needed to put the smartass in his place. Ironically, they'd gone out for a beer afterwards and had been best buds ever since.

"That was a lucky shot," Seth said darkly.

"That was pure skill. Dude, you went out like a light."

"I notice you've never taken me up on my rematch challenges. Because you know that match was a fluke."

"Mmm-hmmm. Whatever you say."

"Oh, shut the f**k up. Come over around seven tomorrow. Miranda's making fried chicken and mashed potatoes in your honor."

The click in his ear told him Seth had hung up, which only widened his grin. There was only one thing Seth Masterson hated more than losing, and that was being reminded of losing.

Laughing to himself, Jackson headed for Imperial Beach, the quaint little beach town he called home. IB was close to the Coronado base, but far enough away that he didn't feel isolated to one area. It was already claustrophobic enough living in a city. Even after six years in California, he missed his family's cattle ranch. The endless acres of land, the winding dirt roads and open spaces, the fresh, unpolluted air.

He reached his street ten minutes later, turned right, and continued along the narrow road toward his tiny house. With its white clapboard exterior, rickety green shutters and uneven front stoop, the place wasn't much to look at, but the interior was clean and cozy, and he loved it.

His porch light had burned out the day before and he hadn't replaced it yet, so the front of the house was bathed in shadows as he approached the door. When a flash of color caught his peripheral vision, he turned his head and noticed the overflowing flowerbeds next door. His neighbors had been talking about hiring a landscaper for a while now, and the newly planted yellow tulips told him they'd finally gotten around to it.

He shifted his attention to unlocking the front door, but the second the key turned in the lock, the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end.

Something was off.

He didn't know what exactly, but his eight years in the military had provided him with an internal alarm system that was highly reliable.

Every muscle in his body was coiled tight as he slowly opened the door. He entered the house silently, his combat boots not making a solitary sound as he walked across the rickety hardwood floor. The house was dark and quiet, the hallway empty. So was the living room, he discovered when he poked his head inside.

And yet his inner alarm continued to shriek like a banshee.

There was someone in the house. He felt it.

His heart continued to beat normally, his hands steady as he soundlessly crept into the living room and made a beeline for the small gun safe he kept on top of the tall oak bookshelf next to the couch.

His back went ramrod straight when a soft creak echoed in the house. It had come from his bedroom.

Shit. Someone was definitely here.

Jackson slid the nine-millimeter handgun out of its case. He didn't check if it was loaded-he already knew it was. He just hoped he wouldn't have to use the dang thing.

A moment later, he was moving stealthily down the hall again, heading in the direction of his bedroom. No light spilled from beneath the door, but another creak sounded from within. The telltale squeak of somebody shifting on the mattress.

He flattened himself against the wall, listening, waiting. Silence had fallen again, but the tingling hairs at his nape told him the intruder hadn't gone anywhere.

Drawing an even breath, he reached out and curled the fingers of his left hand over the doorknob, gripped his weapon with his other hand and threw the door open with a sharp command.

"Don't move, ass**le!"

A frightened yelp pierced the air.

"Don't shoot me! I just came to f**k!"

Confusion spiraled through him like a tornado, and he blinked several times to let his eyes adjust to the darkness. The curvy lump on his bed moved, a shadowy whirl of arms and legs as his uninvited visitor scrambled to get off the mattress.

Jackson flipped the light switch, his jaw falling open when he laid eyes on the naked blonde. Well, actually, she wasn't completely naked.

She was wearing a cowboy hat and a leather hip holster.

"What the hell are you doing here?" he burst out. "How did you get in?"

"The back door was unlocked," the blonde sputtered. "I came to surprise you! Stop pointing that gun at me!"

Still gaping, he lowered his weapon and stared at the nude woman standing in front of him. It was the girl Savannah had set him up with. Dina, the sex addict.

And he'd almost f**kin' shot her.

"Please don't be mad!" Dina pleaded. Her incredibly fake br**sts didn't so much as sway as she took a desperate step toward him. "I was just so horny tonight and I thought you'd be into it."

He continued to stare at her, at a total loss for words.

"You're not mad, are you?"

He stared.

"So, do you want to f**k?"

And stared some more.

"Fine, I guess not," Dina said snidely. "I'll just get dressed then. And just so you know, you've totally blown your chance with me. See this?" Smirking, she gestured to her naked body. "You're never getting your hands on any of this."

He honestly had no complaints about that.

Chapter Four

The next morning, Jackson stepped onto the porch, still wondering if the events of last night had been nothing more than a god-awful nightmare. Because he couldn't have actually pulled a gun on a naked woman with a boob job, right?

Right?

Wrong, buddy. A sex addict broke into your house. This. Shit. Happened.

Something was seriously wrong with his life, he decided as he jogged down the stairs to grab the morning paper. At least it was Saturday, which meant he didn't have to report to the base. He could spend the whole damn day lying on the couch and stewing about the state of emergency his love life had become.

As he bent down to pick up the rolled newspaper, he noticed a sky-blue pick-up parked in the driveway next door. A white logo with the words "Color Your Yard" graced the side of the truck.

Looked like Tom and Sarah's gardener was back.

And Lordy, but his neighbors had fantastic taste in gardeners.

His eyes immediately zoomed in on the firm, round ass belonging to the petite woman kneeling in front of the long flowerbed lining the porch. Faded denim cutoffs hugged that fine backside and showed off a pair of tanned, shapely legs, and up top, she wore a yellow T-shirt and a blue baseball cap with a short ponytail sticking out the back.

Jackson straightened up and took a moment to admire the cute brunette, but his admiration rapidly transformed into bewilderment.

Was he nuts, or was the woman actually pressing her ear to the dirt and talking to a patch of bright yellow tulips?

Yup. She really was.

Intrigued, he watched as she scooted forward a few inches and yet again lowered her ear to the flowers.

"Oh, for the love of Hey-zeus," he heard her grumbling. "Where are you, motherfucker?"

Jackson's lips twitched in amusement. He walked closer to the strip of grass between the two houses, then cleared his throat to get the gardener's attention.

Instantly, her head swiveled in his direction, and he found himself looking into a pair of aggravated green eyes. Very dark green, like the jungle bathed in shadows. She was as pretty from the front as she was from the back, with those catlike eyes, sharp cheekbones and pouty pink lips.

"Everything okay, sugar?" he called out.

"Not really," she called back, her sexy lips puckered in a frown. "Hey, you mind if I borrow your ears, sugar?"

He raised his brows. "Beg your pardon?"

"Come over here and help me listen."

Help her listen? He suddenly had to wonder if he was dealing with a crazy person. It would be a fitting follow-up to last night, that was for sure.

"Can I ask what we're listening to?" he said when he reached her.

She had to tilt her head fully to meet his eyes. "Jeez Louise, you're ridiculously tall."

He flashed a smug grin. "Maybe you're just ridiculously short."

"I'm five-four. That's average height." She whipped off her cap and smoothed out the top of her dark hair. "How tall are you?"

"Six-five," he admitted.

"Like I said, ridiculously tall. I'm talking to a giant." She slanted her head pensively. "Do you play basketball?"

"Nope. Do you?"

"Sure, I shoot hoops every morning before work."

"For real?"

She burst out laughing. "No, not for real. You actually believed me?"

His head started to spin, but truthfully, he was enjoying the exchange. He really liked her voice. It was oddly melodic. And despite being a foot shorter than him-which really did make him feel like a giant-she sure was easy on the eyes.

"Anyway, go over there," the brunette said briskly, gesturing to the other end of the neatly planted row of bright tulips. "Tell me if you hear anything."

He obligingly did as she asked, mostly because his curiosity had skyrocketed to a whole new level. He crouched down on the grass and brought his head close to the flowers, then glanced over and said, "What am I supposed to be hearing?"

"Well, if my brother is repeatedly dialing my phone like I ordered him to, then you should be hearing the faint strains of A-ha's 'Take On Me'. I'm really into 80's pop."

He stared at her for one long moment.

And then it dawned on him.

"Wait a sec-you buried your phone in the dirt?"

She gave an exaggerated sigh. "Not on purpose. It must have slipped out of my pocket when I was planting yesterday. Hazard of the job." She got on her knees again. "Now, hush. I'd like to find my phone sometime this century. I drove all the way back here this morning and I have stuff to do today."

Jackson swallowed his laughter and concentrated on becoming one with the dirt. When he didn't hear a single sound, he shifted over and investigated a new cluster of tulips. A few seconds passed. And then the muffled sound of an 80's keyboard wafted out of the flowerbed.

"Over here," he told the brunette.

She was at his side in a heartbeat, a broad smile overtaking her face as she shoved a gardening spade into the dirt and started digging.

He watched in extreme amusement, then grinned when the metal spade connected with something solid. The pretty gardener promptly dropped the tool and shoved her hands in the soil. Her fingers emerged covered in dirt and triumphantly holding an iPhone in a sturdy black case.

"Hells yeah!" she exclaimed, waving the phone in his face. "We did it!"

The iPhone was still blaring out the cheesy ringtone, and she quickly wiped one hand on the front of her cutoff shorts before taking the call.

"Hey, Danny, it's me. I found it." She paused for a beat. "Call me a dum-dum again and I won't bring home any breakfast. Yeah. Yeah, whatevs, dude. I'd like to see you try. Uh-huh. 'Kay. See you soon."

After she hung up, she turned to Jackson with another grin. "Little brothers are such a pain in the ass."

"Trust me, I know. I have a younger sister and she used to be a real pest. How old is your brother?"

"Sixteen. He can be a total shit sometimes, but for the most part, he's a good kid."

Jackson slid his hands into the pockets of his faded Levis. "So, you're doing some work for Tom and Sarah?"

"Yep. But the job's all done, actually. Sarah didn't want anything fancy, so it didn't take long to finish everything up."

He hid his disappointment. He'd been hoping she'd only just begun and that he'd get to see her again, but as usual, luck wasn't on his side.

Looked like he'd have to make his move now.

He extended his hand. "I'm Jackson Ramsey, by the way. I live next door."

"Mia Weldrick. And I'd shake your hand but mine is all covered with dirt."

"I don't mind getting dirty every now and then." With a crooked grin, he stepped forward and took her hand, giving it a light shake.

She arched her delicate eyebrows. "Was that a line?"

"Was what a line?"

"You know, the whole 'I like it dirty' thing. Was that supposed to get me all tingly and weak-kneed?"

Jackson had to laugh. "I didn't say I liked it dirty. I said I didn't mind it. And no, it wasn't a line." He tipped his head to the side. "Why, did it get you tingly and weak-kneed?"

Her green eyes sparkled. "Nope."

She took a step away and he experienced a tiny jolt of distress. He didn't want her to go yet.

"Would you like to have dinner with me sometime?" he burst out, lacking all finesse and sounding far too eager.

Mia sighed. "Oh boy."

"'Oh boy?'" Another grin sprung to his lips. "Is that how you respond to all your dinner invitations?"

"No. But that's because I don't get a lot of them," she said frankly. "I never go out, which means I don't meet a lot of guys. Honestly, I'm unprepared for this."

"Doesn't require much prep, sugar," he teased. "A yes or no would do the trick."

Another "Oh boy" escaped her perfect lips, which made him shake his head in bewilderment. Normally he was dang good at reading women, but he seriously had no clue what was going on in this one's head.

"Okay, I'm going to lay it all on the line," she declared. "You're wicked hot, and I'm totally digging the height thing. It makes me feel dainty."

He choked out a laugh. "All right..."

"But I don't want to have dinner with you."

A rush of disappointment filled his chest. "I see."

"It's nothing personal," she said quickly. "I bet you're a really awesome guy, and that Southern drawl is definitely a bonus, but I don't have time to go out on dates. I have a gazillion jobs and a teenage boy to raise."

"Your parents aren't in the picture?"

"Nope, it's just Danny and me. Which is why dating is the last thing on my mind right now, and probably won't be until Danny graduates. So even though I'm flattered, I'm gonna have to pass."

He was about to tap into his innate Southern charm to twist her arm, but she was already walking toward her truck. "It was nice meeting you," she said with a genuine smile. "But I've got to skedaddle now."

A minute later, she was gone, leaving him staring at her taillights in dismay.

Chapter Five

Jackson back strode into the house, his frustration levels at an all-time high. He couldn't believe Mia had just taken off like that. The first woman he'd felt a real connection to in forever, and he wouldn't get to see her again.

He stalked into his small living room, then stood there for a moment at a total loss. What now? Did he put on a movie and kill time until he had to go to Seth's for dinner? Did he take a nap? Play some Call of Duty?

After a beat, he dismissed each of those options and headed for his bedroom instead. Fuck it. There was only one way to release all this pent-up frustration, and that was jacking off until he couldn't frickin' see straight.

Lord, he hadn't had sex in ages. At least not since before the team's stint in the desert. That he couldn't remember exactly how long it had been made him feel like a pathetic chump. All his buddies had once been major manwhores, but although they'd all settled down, they still got action like nobody's business. Even when they were abroad, for f**k's sake. As much as he wanted to, Jackson would probably never be able to erase the memory of walking in on Seth's naked Skype session with Miranda during their deployment.

He stretched out on the bed and unbuckled his belt, pulling out his semi-erect c**k and wishing like hell that it wasn't his own hand doing it, but a warm female one. Like Mia's. Christ, having her hand on his dick would probably feel like heaven. The lady must have a dang good grip, seeing as how she worked with her hands every day.

A moan lodged in his throat as he circled his fingers around his shaft. He was aching. Edgy. Primed for sex. Rough, kinky, dirty sex-and therein lay the problem. The women he'd been with hadn't felt comfortable taking things where he wanted them to go, which was why he took it slow nowadays, getting to know a woman in order to gauge her sexual attitudes before he slept with her.

And, if he were being honest, that was also the reason he'd declined all those threesome invitations in the past. He didn't want his friends knowing just how far he liked to push the limits.

He grasped his c**k in his fist and gave it a sharp pump. His brain conjured up the image of the pretty gardener, her sexy green eyes, those pouty lips. Fuck, she had total blowjob lips. The kind you wanted wrapped around your cock, sucking you dry.

His thumb grazed his engorged head, sliding over the precome pooling at his tip. Closing his eyes, he pictured Mia's mouth surrounding his c**k and a shudder overtook him. He imagined the hot suction of her mouth, the graze of her teeth, the warmth of her palm as she squeezed his balls hard.

Heat surged through his blood, pulsing in his sac, which had drawn up tight. He jerked his c**k in a fast, hard rhythm, his breathing becoming labored as pleasure gathered in his groin.

In his mind, Mia was sucking him harder now, taking him deep in her throat. His c**k tunneled in and out of her lush mouth as he f**ked it.

His fist tightened around his erection, wet from the clear drops oozing from his tip and dripping down his shaft.

The release came without warning, an explosion of heat and ecstasy that started in his balls before shooting out in all directions, turning his muscles into limp noodles and making him gasp for air.

Strands of se**n coated his palm and splashed the bottom of his shirt, but he didn't give a shit about making a mess. Fuck, he'd needed that.

But it wasn't enough. He wanted more. Needed more.

As he slid up into a sitting position and reached for the box of tissues on the nightstand, Jackson wondered if maybe it was time to give in and take one of those navy groupies for a ride. Maybe a night of wild, no-strings sex would be enough to tide him over for a while.

But he knew it wouldn't. He'd only leave the encounter feeling even more unsatisfied. Sadly, he wasn't cut out for random hook-ups or anonymous sex. Never had been, never would be.

Just like that, the edginess returned, the same old tension he'd been riddled with for months now.

He thought of Mia again, her pretty face and outgoing personality and contagious laughter.

I don't want to have dinner with you.

Her rejection echoed in his head, but it wasn't enough to curb the determination that jolted through him. She hadn't said she wasn't interested in him. Nope, she'd all but admitted that she found him attractive.

Which meant that all wasn't lost yet. He still had a shot to win her over.

After he'd quickly cleaned himself up, Jackson fished his phone out of his pocket and pulled up Seth's number. An idea was forming in his head, and he suddenly knew exactly how he was going to convince his feisty gardener to give him a chance.

I don't want to have dinner with you.

A chuckle slipped out of his mouth, followed by a soft murmur that hung in his bedroom.

"We'll see about that, sugar."

The End

