CHAPTER ONE

I couldn't believe how my life had changed in the last week. Here I was at Chanel on Madison Avenue, with a corporate credit card, buying a handbag without thinking twice about the price tag. I had to pinch myself when I thought about the incredible opportunity that had landed in my lap. I was leaving for Dubai in two days, for a month on business, and the company was buying me a whole new designer wardrobe. Joshua wanted me to only wear designer clothes on this trip. I didn't own any high end designer anything so this was going to be a completely new world for me. It took a few hours for me to wrap my head around the fact that Joshua Hunter, billionaire CEO of Hunter International, the company where I worked, was the gorgeous stranger I had seen every morning on the train for the last few weeks! I felt like I was in a dream watching someone else's fabulous life that was about to unfold.

I was shopping on the Upper East Side for a couple of outfits for the trip. Joshua told me I would be shopping for everything else in Dubai. Designer clothes really were not my thing but I was doing what he asked of me because my ultimate goal was to make partner with his company. We had an agreement. I had to do everything he desired for 30 days and, in return, he would give me the inside scoop on the fast track to a partnership with his company.

When I shopped for clothes in the past, as long as the clothes looked professional, I didn't really pay much attention to who made them. But I will admit, it was a nice treat to buy something without having to worry about the price tag. Once I made partner, I knew my salary would increase several times over, but I doubted I would ever willingly spend this kind of money on clothing and handbags. My next stop was Dolce and Gabbana to buy clothes and Christian Louboutin for shoes. I also bought beautiful lingerie at La Perla. Since part of my agreement with Joshua included doing everything he desired, I figured I should have something beautiful for him to see underneath my gorgeous clothes. When I finished shopping that day I was excited and exhausted. I was still trying to wrap my brain around the fact that I was going to Dubai. The rest of the weekend I packed and got everything in order so that I could be gone for 30 days.

On Sunday, a beautiful black limo picked me up at my apartment at 9:00 p.m., and drove me to the airport. I was wearing a gorgeous Dolce shirt with black pants, new Louboutin's and carrying a new Chanel handbag. I felt sexy and confident about my appearance for the first time in my life. I always felt confident about my work because I had always been a driven person, but this was a whole new feeling of confidence for me and I liked it.

The car drove me to the terminal and I went inside to security. Joshua was already there when I arrived and he came over to greet me.

"Are you all set for the trip?"

"I'm all set."

I saw the look of approval in his eyes when he quickly scanned my attire.

"I see you purchased new clothes. Very nice choices."

"Thank you."

We moved through security pretty quickly and were taken to the small waiting area and then out onto the tarmac. It was so incredible to see that amazing private jet waiting there knowing that I was going to be on it.

"As I told you before, you can do the rest of your shopping in Dubai. We should get settled on the jet. We'll be taking off pretty soon."

It was silly, but it felt good to know that he liked what I picked to wear. I had to be careful because I was starting to care what he thought. As I boarded the jet, I had to keep reminding myself that this was a business arrangement only.

Joshua watched me with an amused look on his face as I marveled at the private jet. It was awesome. It had a conference room with connectivity for computers, a large bedroom with a king size bed and private bath, a smaller bedroom, a huge, flat screen television, a kitchen with a quartz countertop, a stainless steel refrigerator and microwave, a dining room with marble paneling, and every window had electric shades. It was magnificent and I was in awe. Never in my wildest fantasies did I envision myself on something like that.

There were only five of us on the jet: the captain, co-captain, our flight attendant and us. Joshua had an assistant in Dubai who constantly communicated with his assistant back in the States so she was current on all of his affairs. We had a 13 hour flight ahead of us and Joshua gave me three files to work on. He told me I could sleep for seven hours and the rest of the time I was to be working. He retired to his bedroom and I retired to the smaller bedroom. We took off at 11:00 p.m. so I was already tired. I fell asleep shortly after we took off. Seven hours later I felt the flight attendant nudge me.

"Ma'am, it's time to wake up."

I was groggy but I managed to drag myself to the lavatory to splash water on my face and freshen up. The lavatory was beautiful. It looked like something you'd find in a five star hotel. Joshua's bedroom door was still closed when I returned to mine.

I was so exhausted I decided that sleeping for a few more minutes couldn't hurt anything. And since Joshua was sleeping, I figured he wouldn't even know. A few minutes turned into two hours and I was awakened by a hand sliding up between my legs. I was in a daze, enjoying the sensual way I was being touched when I realized it was Joshua. I tried to sit up quickly but his hand was firmly holding my thigh down on the bed. I looked over and saw that my door was locked.

"You disobeyed my orders." His fingers probed my warm center as I began to writhe around. I let out a moan as his hand moved around to my backside, inside my panties and lightly teased in between my cheeks. "You have to be punished." His voice had a deep sexy growl. "Stand up, take off your pants, bend over and put your palms face down on the bed." I did as I was told and I watched Joshua slowly walk around me. I had a ball of nerves sitting in the pit of my stomach because I knew I had disobeyed him.

Everything he desires, right? I had broken the rules.

"I have to make sure that we completely understand each other regarding our arrangement. Do you feel you know how to properly follow instructions?"

I looked at him as he stood beside me and answered him.

"Yes."

"Do I constantly have to repeat myself when I ask you to do something?"

"No."

He disappeared behind me, causing me to focus on the inflections in his voice.

"When I ask you to do something, will you do it?" The question was really more of a firm statement.

Before I could answer his hand slowly move up my thigh, in between my legs, and his fingers lightly brushed over my new lace panties. I felt his warm breath as he leaned over my shoulder and whispered in my ear.

"I like these."

My stomach began to flutter as my body reacted to his touch. I pressed against his fingers, craving more, and he slipped his hand inside my soaked panties causing me to let out a soft moan. His fingers caressed the soft flesh between my legs lightly stroking in between the folds. My arms struggle to hold me up as they began to tremble. I dropped my head, moaning in ecstasy, as I pressed my body back against his fingers. I wanted to feel more. I felt his fingers stop caressing me, instead teasing my entrance before penetrating me. I let out a small cry as I slowly began to rock my h*ps back and forth against his fingers.

I heard Joshua unzip his pants and felt his body press against my back and his bulge between my cheeks.

His breathing was haggard as I felt his h*ps move with mine.

"Let's take these off." He was nearly panting as he lowered my panties and I stepped out of them.

Joshua fell to his knees, and with one hand still exploring between my legs, I felt his tongue slowly licking up the back of my thigh. The moan that escaped my lips was soft and deep. My fingers scrunched the blanket on the bed in my hands as I fought to keep control. I thought he was going to stop when he got to the top of the back of my leg but he didn't. I was stunned by the incredible sensation I felt when he ran his tongue up and then down the outside of one cheek. And he kept going. He slowly licked up and down, from the outside in, skipping over the crease and licking the other cheek. His thumb rubbed my hardened bud and I could feel my body begin to tense up as my orgasm started to rise from within.

"Not yet. Hold it." It was a command and I did as I was told.

He licked his way back to the center, then one hand pushed a cheek aside. My eyes widened as his tongue probed the center making small circles around the tight opening, then pressed its way inside, fingers still exploring between my legs. I never realized how good exploring the backside could feel. I began to moan uncontrollably as I felt his thumb press against my swollen bud and I couldn't hold it any longer. I came hard as my fingers gripped the blanket on the bed and I let out a loud cry, my body jerking uncontrollably.

I was still trying to catch my breath when I heard the condom wrapper. I was nervous, yet excited, for what was next. Joshua gently spread my ass cheeks and he started to rub the head of his member back and forth over the tiny opening. I let out a soft moan as he slowly pressed himself inside. He took his time pushing in and then very slowly pulling out only to slowly push himself back in again. He pulled me tightly to him and I pressed back into his hips. I slowly started to grind against him and he grabbed my h*ps thrusting into me faster and faster. The faster he pounded into me, the more frantic I got pushing back against him. I braced myself on the bed as I lurched forward with each thrust. He grabbed me around the waist pulling me tight to him again, one hand still on my hip.

"You're so f**king sexy," he groaned as his h*ps pumped into me. His thrusts were becoming harder and I let out a cry with each one as my body began to shudder as another wave of pleasure washed over me. Joshua held me up with his strong, masculine arms as I leaned back against him from exhaustion. His hard thrusts shook my body as he pressed his lips against my neck and I felt his entire body shake against my back. He let out a loud groan as he came inside me. After a minute, he pulled out and I collapsed onto the bed. He grabbed tissues from the bedside table and cleaned himself up before pulling himself together. He zipped up his pants and stood looking at me for a minute.

I was suddenly aware that I was na**d from the waist down and I felt extremely exposed and self-conscious. His eyes roamed over me from head to toe, and I couldn't get a read on what he was thinking.

"I hope that this little session has cleared up any miscommunication we may have had about our arrangement. I take it there will not be any more issues when I ask you to do something." His look was stern but the eyes were sexy and smoldering.

"Everything is crystal clear."

"Good. Feel free to use the guest shower to get cleaned up before we arrive in Dubai. I will be in my shower so if you need anything just ring for the flight attendant."

I was so grateful that there was a shower on the jet. I wanted to arrive fresh and ready to dive into work when we landed.

After my shower, I sat at the conference table to start working on the files that Joshua had given me. He was already there looking immaculate in his custom suit, his dark hair styled perfectly but still wet from the shower. He glanced up as I walked in and I thought I saw a glimmer of appreciation as he quickly scanned what I was wearing. Apparently the cream slacks and Dolce top met with his approval. We worked in silence until it was time to return to our seats to prepare for landing. As I was putting away my papers he told me that he wanted me to research any public information Jameson Industries' may have provided about their financial goals for the past 10 years. The company was going to have a staff meeting on Wednesday regarding Jameson, who was their newest client, before the actual big meeting with Jameson on Friday. I was sitting in on both meetings.

As we were sitting in our seats, he said that when we landed we would be driven to the hotel where we would have just a few minutes to freshen up before we had to go to the office. He also reminded me that the following day I would be shopping all day with a personal shopper who I would meet in the morning.

"Sounds good. Joshua, I was thinking about something, I never signed any sort of contract regarding our agreement. Isn't there some sort of document I am supposed to sign?"

He looked at me with an almost mocking grin his face.

"Oh, no? You didn't sign anything, huh? Hmmm, interesting."

I didn't know how to react because I couldn't tell if he was serious or if he was teasing me. For a millisecond I had a mini panic as I thought that perhaps there really was no agreement. Look where you are and where you are going. You're on a private jet! Of course there is some sort of agreement! As soon as I reminded myself of that, I started thinking rationally again. I didn't give him the satisfaction of letting him see me squirm. I replied calmly.

"No, I didn't sign anything." I held his gaze to let him know that he would not intimidate me. I think he appreciated me not backing down because he answered my question.

"I anticipated you would ask me about this. " He handed me an electronic tablet. "This is yours. Keep it with you at all times while we are in Dubai. Open the yellow folder icon."

When I clicked on it, I saw a document labeled "personal and confidential" inside. I clicked on that and there in front of me was a detailed contract explaining everything we discussed.

"Read it over, and if you agree, sign it electronically and send it to me. You have 24 hours to review it. And, if at any time something is too much for you or you don't want to do it, just say 'stop' and I will."

I planned to read it carefully later that evening but, as long as it had all of the information we had discussed written into the contract, I didn't see a reason why I would not sign it. I put the tablet in my bag and closed my eyes to rest for a few minutes while we landed. All of the shades were drawn because the sun was so hot it would have instantly heated up the inside of the jet, so I didn't get to see anything as we landed.

As soon as we hit the ground, I looked at the time and realized I had to take my pill.

"Joshua, I have to take my pill. Can I quickly grab a bottle of water?"

"Of course. I'll have the flight attendant get it for you. Is everything okay? What are you taking?"

"Everything is fine. It's just my birth control pill."

He raised his eyebrows, silently asking the question.

"I've been taking them since I was 15 to regulate my cycle." My answer seemed to satisfy his curiosity as I drank the water. We then gathered our things and exited the plane.

As soon as we stepped off of the plane, it all started to feel real to me. We were surrounded by nothing but desert for miles and it was easily over 100o. A beautiful Rolls Royce was waiting to drive us to our hotel.

"Welcome back to Dubai Mr. Hunter, I hope your flight was enjoyable." Our driver was wearing a black and white uniform and held out his white gloved hand as he helped me into the air-conditioned car. I saw a gun at his hip as he held out his hand and it terrified me. Joshua greeted the driver and then joined me in the car.

"He has a gun!" My panicked whisper didn't faze Joshua.

"He has to have a gun. He is also one of my security guards. This car is bullet proof by the way. Every car we will be in on this trip will be bullet proof. And although you may not see them, security will be with me wherever I go." His matter of fact tone placated me and I was able to relax for the remainder of the ride.

We were staying in the Burj Al Arab hotel and I was not prepared for what I was about to see. To describe the hotel as opulent barely scratches the surface. It was absolutely beautiful. Gold and marble lined the walls and floors everywhere you turned. I had never seen anything like this, and I was savoring every moment of it.

I felt as though I was in a fairytale as we were shown to our rooms. Joshua was booked in the Royal suite and it was adorned with lavish decor. It had floor to ceiling glass windows, it was two levels and he had a private butler, a private elevator and a private theater. The lower level housed the dining area, a lounge, and library. The upper level housed two bedrooms. The master bedroom had a rotating four-poster canopy bed and an adjoining marble bathroom that had a spa bath, walk-in shower, and designer bath products. The second bedroom also had an adjoining bathroom with the same amenities.

I was booked in the one-bedroom deluxe suite a few floors down. Of course, it was not as stunning but, it was still impressive. I had a private butler as well, and it also had floor to ceiling glass windows. It had two levels and the lower level housed the living room, dining table and guest bath. The upper level housed the bedroom with a king size bed, a luxury bathroom with a Jacuzzi, and a dressing room. It was easily bigger than my small apartment back in the States. The view from my room was beyond breathtaking. We were completely surrounded by water. I was still gazing out of the window when Joshua told me we had to go to the office.

The office was in a high tech, state of the art building with glass windows all around. Joshua introduced me to the people I would be working closely with while we were in Dubai, and I also met his assistant Samira. I liked her the second I met her. She was an older lady, around 50, and she had a very warm personality.

"It is so nice to meet you Sarah. I have heard wonderful things about you. You have made quite an impression on Mr. Hunter." She beamed at me and I was instantly drawn to her kind personality. "Come, let's get you set up in your office. There are a few tasks that I know Mr. Hunter wanted you to complete before next Wednesday's meeting."

"Next Wednesday? I thought it was this Wednesday."

"Both meetings this week have been pushed back a week. There was some sort of conflict with one of the partner's schedules."

I had to admit I felt a bit of relief knowing I had more time to prepare.

We started walking to my office and Samira was very chatty with me. "So how do you like Dubai so far?"

"It is absolutely breathtaking."

I thought she was going to launch into a bunch of small talk but as soon as we reached my office she closed the door.

"There is quite a bit of buzz about you around here." She raised her eyebrows, holding back a smile, and almost looked like she was fascinated by me, as if I were a celebrity or something.

I looked at her, totally perplexed. "About me?? Why?"

"Mr. Hunter has never brought anyone with him to Dubai unless they were a partner. There is something very special about you." She gave me a look that said she was excited about finding out more.

I was a little bit uncomfortable with her reaction because it made me feel that he had big expectations for me. My plan was to work hard, do a good job, and make partner in five years. I didn't know what he expected beyond our agreement and my hard work. And it made me nervous.

"Your files are in the cabinet behind you and everything has been scanned to your computer so that you can access everything there as well. If you have any questions I am just a phone call away." And with that, she smiled and left my office.

I took a minute to sit and take it all in. The view my office was beautiful. I was starting to get the feeling that every view from every window in every building was going to be beautiful in Dubai. I smiled a bit to myself because I was so proud of how far I had come. I won't let you down Joshua. I dove into the research on the Jameson file so that I could prepare a spreadsheet for next Wednesday's meeting.

The rest of day was grueling as I barely had time to get acclimated before diving right into work. By the end of the day I was exhausted. It had been a long nearly 24 hours and all I wanted to do was go sit in the bath and relax. I was just finishing up the first draft of the spreadsheet when Samira came to my door.

"The car will be here for you in five minutes to take you back to your hotel. Tomorrow is a day of shopping for you. Mr. Hunter would like for you to have a specific wardrobe while here in Dubai. Your personal shopper, Asima, will meet you for breakfast at the Sahn Eddar restaurant at the base of the atrium of your hotel at 8:30 a.m. Have a nice evening." She smiled as she left my office.

CHAPTER TWO

My butler woke me at 7:00 a.m. and I dragged my exhausted body out of bed. Ugh. Do I really have to go shopping ALL day today? Most women would have loved to shop all day, but I would rather be in the office working. However, Joshua wanted me to have a specific wardrobe while in Dubai, so there would be no push back from me on this. But, I did ask him to cancel the glam squad for the day. I was more than capable of making myself look presentable and, thankfully, he agreed.

At 8:25 I went down to Sahn Eddar to meet Asima for breakfast. She was extremely lovely and we had a nice chat about the types of clothes I like to wear. Normally, I was told, a personal shopper gets a sense of your style and then does the shopping for you so that you can spend your time doing other things. Joshua wanted me to go with her and try everything on so that we would not have to waste any time sending things back for different sizes. Asima was able to decipher my style personality and we ended up having a nice time shopping together. It was a long day and most of our time was spent at shops in the Mall of the Emirates and the Dubai Mall. I think I purchased something from every major designer boutique in the malls, including jewelry. By the end of the day, I had to admit that I enjoyed myself. It was fun to be able to buy all of those expensive things without even blinking at the price tags. I had spent more in one day than I had made in the last five years. All of my new things were going to be delivered to my room the following day and Asima and her team were going to take care of putting everything in its place. I didn't have to do so much as hang up a shirt. It was all going to be taken care of for me. This was the life.

That night I ate dinner alone at the Bab Al Yam in the lobby of the hotel. It was so peaceful to sit there and take in the gorgeous views of the sea. I still felt like I was in fairytale dream, and one day I would wake up and it would all be over. But until that day came, I wanted to live in the moment.

The rest of the week was arduous as I dove into my project. There was an urgency in the air as everyone worked to meet deadlines. Jameson was a huge client and the entire office was working on something for them. The big meeting was coming up and many people were a bit on edge. By Friday I didn't even have the energy to go have coffee with Samira after work. I went straight to my hotel room and slept until Saturday without eating dinner. I did a bit of sight-seeing over the weekend. I didn't feel strange walking around by myself,f but I would have much rather gone sight-seeing with Joshua. I had only seen him a couple of times at the office since we arrived. He was swamped with preparing for the big meeting with Jameson. Both Saturday and Sunday I took a bunch of pictures and went to a couple of souks to find souvenirs for my brothers.

On Monday it was back to the grind at work. Tuesday was even more grueling than the day before. I was working on a spreadsheet when Samira came to my office.

"I wanted to stop by and tell you your schedule for this evening."

"This evening?" I hope I get to see Joshua tonight.

"Yes. You are scheduled to have dinner tonight with Mr. Hunter, his younger brother Jake, his companion Vivienne Worthington, and Mr. Hunter's business associate, Conrad Winthrop III at 8:00 p.m. The attire is business attire. Something similar to what you are wearing is fine."

She hesitated for a moment and then leaned in and whispered to me. "Mr. Hunter's brother is a bit quiet and serious. He's kind enough but he's not overly talkative. That girlfriend of his is something else. I don't want to fill your head with any pre-conceived notions, but you will see for yourself what I'm talking about. Mr. Winthrop is a bit of a ladies' man. The eternal bachelor is what they call him around the office. He may be a bit flirtatious with you, especially since there is so much buzz about you around the office. But he's very kind. He tends to be a bit competitive with Mr. Hunter. He's the Vice Chairman and Global Head of Growth Markets and he is one of Mr. Hunter's closest allies. So there is your mini summary of who you will be meeting tonight. Have a wonderful time at dinner this evening." She shot me a mischievous smile before retreating from my office.

I was deep into compiling numbers when I heard a light tap on my door. I looked up to see Joshua casually leaning against my door, one hand in the pocket of his beautifully tailored suit, and I had a sharp intake of breath. Damn it, that man is gorgeous.

"You startled me."

"I didn't mean to. I see that you are submerged in a project. Jameson, I presume."

"Yes, I am preparing the spreadsheet. It will be ready by tomorrow."

"I know it will. I have no doubts about your work. I assume Samira told you about dinner tonight?"

"Yes, she did."

"OK, good. You will meet my brother and his girlfriend. She is what is known as a busy body. She will probably try to get information out of you regarding the nature of our relationship. I trust you will remain discreet about us." It was definitely not a question.

"Of course."

"Good."

"I didn't know you had a brother. In fact, I don't know very much about you Joshua."

As his gorgeous dark eyes held my gaze, a wry smile touched the corner of his mouth. "In time you will know all you need to know. You will also be meeting my business associate Conrad. He can be overly spirited at times."

I could have sworn I saw a glimmer of fire in his eyes when told me I would be meeting Conrad.

"The car will pick us up at the hotel at 7:45 p.m. and I will meet you in the lobby." He started to walk away and then stopped, half closed the door, and leaned in my office. "Sarah?"

"Yes?" My eyes met his.

"Wear something sexy underneath your clothes this evening. I want to think of you wearing something only for me." He winked at me and walked away.

I sat there speechless, butterflies fluttering in my stomach. How is it possible that this man still affects me this way? I had to push that thought out of my head and focus on the task at hand. I wanted my work to be flawless.

CHAPTER THREE

The Rolls Royce dropped me off at my hotel at about 5:30 and when I returned to my room, waiting for me were my makeup artist, manicurist, and hair stylist. I quickly showered, and then was able to sit and be pampered for a couple of hours. Initially I thought about telling Joshua that it was not necessary to have all of this provided for me. But then I caught myself and thought, why not? I had never been pampered like this before and I certainly could not afford to have a makeup artist, manicurist and hair stylist at my beck and call. So why not enjoy this temporary luxury? When my nails were dry I got dressed. I wore a pair of black dress slacks and a beautiful red, short sleeved YSL blouse. I had never had my makeup done professionally before and when I looked in the mirror I barely recognized myself. I actually looked pretty. I thanked everyone and went downstairs to the car that was waiting for me. I could feel myself holding my head up a little higher filled with confidence, as I received admiring glances from several men in the lobby. I hate to admit it, but I could get used to this lifestyle.

Joshua was already waiting for me in the Rolls Royce. My heart was pounding as I was about to get in. Would he notice the difference in my appearance? Why do I care anyway? Because you do. When I answered my own question, I was startled by the honest answer that I did not want to admit. I was still focused on my ultimate goal to make partner in five years, but it was getting harder to quell the feelings of excitement I felt whenever I saw Joshua.

My Prada perfume permeated the Rolls Royce as I entered. I hope he likes the scent. Joshua had an approving gleam in his eye when he saw my transformation but there was a hint of something else there. He almost looked worried.

"I see your personal salon workers did their job this evening. You look lovely Sarah."

It was difficult not to blush at the compliment as I felt my cheeks flush. He looked so regal in his black suit, not a hair out of place. I was definitely living a fairytale and I was starting to want it to never end.

"Where are we having dinner?"

"Reflets, a lovely French restaurant. I hope you like French food."

"I have never tried it but I am sure I can find something on the menu I like. We've never gone out to dinner together." I straightened my shirt and fluffed my hair and gave Joshua a small flirtatious smile.

He seemed a bit uncomfortable with that. "Sarah, I think I need to make something clear to you. I want you to know that I enjoy your company. If I didn't, you wouldn't be here. We are going to be spending a lot of time together on this trip and you are going to meet some very important people in my life. But, I don't want you to mistake this for anything other than what it is. This is strictly a contract, nothing more. I offered you something and you accepted. I don't want you to have any misconceptions about us. We are not a couple."

I sat there stunned. What an arrogant ass. We're not a couple? I know that you jerk. Well then I guess that means I am free to flirt and mingle with whomever I'd like. Let's see what the night has in store.

I gave him a cool stare and told him I understood.

"No need to worry Mr. Hunter. No misconceptions here at all."

I saw him wince when I called him Mr. Hunter. I don't think he liked the reinstatement of formality between us.

We rode in silence the rest of the way to the restaurant.

We were escorted to our private dining room and everyone was already there, waiting for us.  Joshua walked over to his brother Jake and gave him a hug. It was nice to see him show affection for someone he loved. He kissed Jake's girlfriend on the cheek and he shook Conrad's hand.

"I would like for you all to meet our newest associate, Sarah Vaughn. She was the star intern and we are very excited to have her aboard."

They each shook my hand and Conrad gave it an extra little squeeze. "It's wonderful to meet you Sarah. I have heard many good things about you." He gave me a little wink while holding my chair out for me.

"Thank you." I flashed him an appreciative smile. Out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw Joshua grimace. We were at a round table so it was easy to see and talk with everyone. Jake sat on my left, Vivienne was next to him, Joshua was next to her, and Conrad sat on my right.

"So, Sarah, where are you from?" Jake dove right in with the question.

"I am from a suburb of New York City. I hope to get an apartment in the city soon so I won't have to commute anymore." I flashed Joshua a look and he was visibly irritated. Good.

"Do you have a long commute?"

I tossed my hair over my shoulder. "It's relatively long and it's very boring." I held Joshua's gaze as the biting words rolled off my tongue.

I saw the flash of anger fly through his eyes as he clenched his jaw.

"Jake, you are the Chief Financial Officer of the company, is that correct?"

"You've done your homework. Yes, I am. Joshua and I inherited the company from our father who inherited it from his father, and it goes back down the line several generations."

I noticed that Vivienne looked visibly annoyed that Jake and I were having a conversation. Then she decided to chime in.

"So, Sarah, are you enjoying Dubai?"

"I am. It is beautiful here."

"Was it difficult to leave your significant other back home for 30 days?"

Very clever Vivienne. You're not getting that information from me so easily.

"I was able to put everything in order that needed to be in order."

Then Conrad chimed in. "My dear, you look very lovely this evening. How nice to have a smart and beautiful woman on one of our long business trips. I must show you around Dubai on one of your free days, if you will allow me."

"That would be lovely, thank you." I flashed him a smile and glanced at Joshua to see him trying to mask that he was seething. No misconceptions here buddy.

The conversation was pretty lively during dinner and I found that I really enjoyed talking with Jake. He reminded me of my younger brothers. The conversation between Jake and I was very easy and natural. I think it was because there was zero sexual tension. We just clicked as friends. Neither Vivienne nor Joshua seemed happy that the two of us hit it off so well. She shot me death stares anytime I spoke to him. But I didn't care. I felt I had made a new friend.

We were all saying goodnight when Conrad pulled me aside.

"Sarah, it was so nice to meet you. Let me take you to dinner this week. Does Wednesday evening work for you?"

Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the disapproving look on Joshua's face as he watched us. Joshua did make it clear in the car ride to dinner that we were not a couple. I knew he would not be pleased if I spent time with Conrad, but I didn't care. He did not own me and I was free to see whoever I wanted.

"That sounds wonderful Conrad. I am looking forward to it."

He brought my hand to his lips, planting a light kiss, as he bid me goodnight. I exchanged goodnights with Vivienne and Jake and then Joshua and I went to our waiting car.

The tension in the air was palpable when he closed the car door.

"What did Conrad say to you?" Fire danced in his eyes.

"First of all, I had a very nice time meeting everyone at dinner tonight. Your brother seems to be very kind." I gave him a cool stare.

"I asked you a question. When I ask you a question, you answer me." There was no mistaking the anger in his voice.

"He invited me to dinner Wednesday night." I held his gaze daring him to tell me I couldn't go.

I thought Joshua was going to explode right in front of me. Lights were shining in through the windows of the Rolls and I could see that his face was beet red.

"What did you say?" His voice sounded strained.

"I told him that sounded wonderful. I'm looking forward to it." I held his gaze as he glowered at me. "No misconceptions about our relationship at all Joshua." I controlled the sneer that wanted to curl my lip.

We rode in silence the rest of the way to the hotel and Joshua would not look at me. When we arrived at the hotel, Joshua followed me to my room. I gave him a curious glance and he gave me a terse response.

"I'm walking you to your door."

When I opened my door he followed me inside and closed it behind him. I put down my purse and took off my shoes. I was exhausted. It had been a long day. Just as I was going to ask Joshua if he minded if I retired for the evening he grabbed me around the waist and pinned me against the wall with his hard body. I could feel his thigh muscles through his suit as he pressed against me.

"Let's get one thing straight." He grabbed a fistful of my hair and wrenched my head back so that I was looking into his eyes. I had never seen this look. It wasn't just that he was angry; I thought I saw a hint of hurt as well. Why would he be hurt? He told me not to have any misconceptions about us!

"You belong to me!" He leaned down to kiss my neck and I tried to pull away from him. He held me in place with an iron grip. He leaned down to run his tongue along my collarbone, up my neck and lightly flicked my earlobe.

My body betrayed me as I felt my skin tingle. I tried to wrench myself out of his grip but he wouldn't have it. The more I squirmed, the harder he pressed against me. I could feel his hard length through his suit and his warm breath on my neck.

"I do NOT belong to you! You told me we're not a couple. That means I can see whomever I want!" I still was trying to get free of his grip but he was too strong for me.

He held me with one hand while the other roamed down my body and back up under my blouse. His hand snaked around to my back and he unfastened my bra in one swift motion. His hand then slipped underneath the loosened cup and started kneading my breast. He grabbed my nipple in between his thumb and forefinger and squeezed. A soft moan escaped my lips and I stopped fighting him. My hands gripped his arms and I closed my eyes as I indulged in the pleasure I was feeling. His other hand unzipped my pants and they fell to my ankles. He dipped his head down to whisper in my ear. "You belong to me." His deep, husky voice sent my stomach all aflutter.

I was going to protest but his lips crushed mine in a passionate kiss that left me weak in the knees. His tongue fiercely sought out my own and he lightly grabbed my lower lip between his teeth. His other hand slid inside my panties to my warm, wet place and my eyes initially flew open in surprise, and then I relaxed and closed them as I reveled in my bliss.

As his fingers began to penetrate me I pressed down to feel more. He let out a groan as one of my hands fell from his shoulder, grazed across the front of his pants and caressed his hardness. He suddenly pulled away from me and stood looking at me. His eyes roamed hungrily over my body.

"Remove all of your clothes."

I did as he asked without hesitation. I stood na**d and vulnerable, hoping he could see my desire for him.

"Take off my jacket."

I removed his jacket, revealing his muscular arms which could easily be seen through his shirt.

"Unbutton my shirt."

I stood close as I slowly unbuttoned his shirt. I could physically feel the heat the between us in the small space that separated us. He removed his undershirt revealing a perfectly muscular bare chest. Damn it, he is a specimen. My warm center began to throb, wanting...needing to be filled.

"Kneel and take off my pants."

I kneeled in front of him and unzipped his pants. The outline of his throbbing member was clearly visible through his boxer briefs and was straining to be free. I licked my lips as I thought of what I wanted to do to him.

"You know what's next, so do it."

Without needing more instruction I pulled down his briefs and wrapped my hand around the base of his hard length. I slowly slid my hand up to the tip, giving it a little squeeze and then slid it back down to the base. He let out a soft grunt so I knew that he liked it. I leaned in and quickly licked the head before moving my tongue down to where the shaft met the head. I licked around the ridge and then sucked just the head in my mouth. I rolled my tongue back and forth over the head and then took him all the way in. My lips were wrapped around the base of his throbbing member as I sucked in pulling him out to the tip and then plunging him back in my mouth. My hand wrapped around the base again and I stroked his shaft as my head bobbed up and down over him. I dropped my hand and put both hands on his ass cheeks as I drew him in as far as he could go. I heard a sharp intake of breath from above followed by a long, low grunt. His hands gripped my head as I opened my throat to take him deeper. He thrust into my mouth and I was able to take it. He thrust into my mouth again but this time not as far. He held my head in place as he moved in and out of my mouth. I pressed my tongue against his shaft with each movement, creating another layer of friction for him.

"Just like that," he groaned. His sharp intakes of breath let me know what I was doing felt good. I sucked him in deep and heard another gasp. I'm doing this to you.

The walls of my core were throbbing as my wetness ran down my inner thigh. I ached and I wanted him inside me. We must have known because he suddenly pulled out. He took a step back and told me to stand up.

I did as I was told.

"Put your hands behind your back and walk upstairs to the bedroom."

I marched up the carpeted stairs, painfully aware of his eyes on my na**d body. Just when I hit the landing he yelled out.

"Stop!"

I stood in place on the top stair and heard Joshua come up the stairs behind me.

"Spread your legs and hold on to the railings." His tone was demanding.

I did as I was told and Joshua climbed the stairs and faced me. His smoldering eyes crawled every inch of my body.

"Now turn around."

I turned around and now faced the stairs going down. I heard him drop to his knees behind me and he let out a groan as his hands rubbed over my globes.

"You taunted me with this sexy ass of yours as you walked up the stairs. Mmmm, what are you doing to me?" His low, sexy growl made me tingle all over.

He kissed one cheek and then the other before standing and telling me I could turn around. I could see the lust in his eyes as he stepped forward, held my face in his hands and whispered my name.

"Sexy Sarah."

I thought I would melt on the spot as his gorgeous eyes searched mine. He leaned for a kiss so sensual I was literally weak in the knees. My hands came up to hold on to his back as he kissed me. Something was different about this kiss. This wasn't raw like our previous kisses. His lips were softly seeking mine, his tongue sensually dancing with mine. I could feel tenderness from him as he held me and I didn't want him to let me go. I let out a soft sigh and I think it startled him out of his reverie. I don't think he meant to show the emotion he had just displayed. He quickly pushed me away and I could see him try to quickly mask any evidence of emotion other than lust. He snapped back into his domineering role.

"Lie down on the bed with your hands above your head and put your knees up."

I did as he told me while he went over to my lingerie drawer and pulled out two pairs of stockings. I turned my head to watch him as he tied one wrist to the bedpost and then the other. My heart was pounding as this new element was introduced into our agreement. He sat beside me on the bed and his hands started at my face as he slowly traced a line around my lips, pausing to insert his finger in my mouth. I sucked it in gently and he slowly pulled it out. His other hand trailed down my chest to knead one breast and then the other. His fingers teased my ni**les until they were hard little buds and then his mouth came down and took one in his mouth. His tongue swirled around the hardened bud, lightly teasing it and then he grazed it with his teeth. He was squeezing the other breast, pinching the nipple between his finger and thumb. He rolled it back and forth, increasing the pressure while still teasing the other with his mouth. I let out a moan and started to writhe against the sensations pouring over my body, my knees pressed together, my hands held firm by the restraints. He leaned in and whispered in my ear.

"Open your legs for me."

My wetness was obvious as I spread my legs, my body overcome with desire. His hand left my breast and slid down between my legs, rubbing the soft flesh. I couldn't stay still as I moaned and twisted against the restraints.

"I can smell your sex, sexy Sarah." His voice was rich and deep as he leaned down to lightly kiss my stomach. "I can feel your need." He licked right below my belly button. "Tell me you want me." He inhaled my scent as his tongue lightly flicked my clit.

My breathing was reduced to short pants as I was unable to control my desire.

"I want you."

His fingers manipulated my sex as I moaned uncontrollably.

"Tell me you belong to me."

His fingers rubbed between my folds, pressing against my hard nub, causing my h*ps to jerk and press into his fingers. His other hand pinched my nipple harder. I wanted more.

"Say it!"

"I belong to you," I moaned helplessly.

He looked at me, fire dancing in his eyes. "Don't you forget it." His lips came crashing down on mine, his body now on top of me. His hand left my breast and tangled in my hair as his other fingers continued rubbing the soft flesh between my legs. A finger lightly circled my opening before pressing inside. I tried to pull my hands from the restraints so I could touch him, but I was deliciously trapped. My h*ps lifted off the bed encouraging his finger to go deeper. He pressed another finger inside of me and caressed my inner walls causing my body to shake and buck against him.

"More." The word escaped from lips before I realized I said it.

He stopped for a couple of seconds causing me to let out a small whimper. My body ached for his touch.

"More, what?" His tone was slightly playful, almost taunting.

"More, please." I assumed that was the answer he wanted.

"More, please...what?" He was definitely taunting.

What did he want me to say?

"More please, sir."

"That's my girl. Do you want me to make you come?" His fingers started moving inside me again, touching places I never knew could be stimulated.

Silently my eyes begged, yes!

"Spread your legs wider."

I spread my legs for him as he removed his fingers and bent down and slid his hands under my behind. His face dipped down between my legs and I arched my back as I felt the light flick of his tongue on my clit. Slowly he licked in and around the sensitive folds. I cried out as his tongue glided back and forth over my hard bud, applying more and more pressure on the sensitive flesh. One hand left my butt cheek and I felt his fingers press inside my aching opening again, caressing my inner walls. I was quivering all over, flooded with sensual sensations. His fingers, lips and tongue quickened their pace as they manipulated all the right places inside me and the tender flesh between my legs. I felt my body begin to shudder as my orgasm rose to the surface and a loud cry escaped my lips as I was left a writhing, quivering mess. My breath came in short, haggard pants as I lay there reveling in my bliss.

"Oh, I think you liked that my pet. But we're not done. Do you want my hard c**k inside you, pounding you deep?"

"Yes, sir." My voice was hoarse with lust.

He removed his fingers from between my legs and I felt his swollen tip press against my tender, waiting opening. I moaned as my walls closed in around him, arching my h*ps to get closer. He groaned as I wrapped my legs around him pulling him in deeper. I undulated my h*ps and he began thrusting into me, rubbing against my cl*t each time. Each thrust caused me to lurch toward the headboard, my wrists straining to be free.

"Oh, Joshua." The quiet moan escaped from my lips and I could see a change come over him as he hammered into me harder and faster. He looks so damned sexy! He held onto my shoulders, pounding me into the bed, grazing my cl*t as he shouted commands at me.

"You belong to me! Say it!"

"I belong to you, sir!" I could feel the stickiness between my legs as my wetness trickled down my inner thighs.

"You only have eyes for me! Say it!" He thrust into me even harder and deeper.

"I only have eyes for you, sir!" I couldn't stop the orgasm that was building.

"I want to see you come! I want to feel your walls pulsating around my cock!"

I cried out as my orgasm rose to the surface, crashing over me, causing my body to thrash and buck against his. With a few more thrusts I heard a guttural groan as he shuddered and then collapsed on top of me. He gently kissed my cheek as we both lay there for a couple of minutes panting for air. He rolled off of me, untied my hands and lightly kissed my wrists before gently massaging them. This tender show of emotion shocked me but I didn't say anything because I didn't want him to stop.

"Are you okay? The restraints didn't hurt you, did they?"

"No, they didn't hurt."

"Good. I should get back to my room. We will be swamped in the office tomorrow."

No, please don't go.

Joshua cleaned himself up in my bathroom and then got dressed. I started to get up to walk him to the door and he stopped me.

"No, you stay here and get ready for bed. I can see myself out."

I sat on the bed, completely naked, and completely comfortable in front of Joshua.

He walked over to me and leaned down, placed a finger under my chin and gently tipped my face up to his. His eyes longingly searched mine before he leaned in to kiss my cheek. Butterflies danced in my belly. His light scruff felt good as it lightly scraped my skin.

"Sleep well."

Joshua disappeared from the bedroom and let himself out. After getting ready for bed, I thought about the last week. Is this really my life? It almost seemed too good to be true. I was re-living Joshua's gentle kisses to my wrist when I drifted off to sleep.

CHAPTER FOUR

The next day, our staff meeting was scheduled for 10:00 and my spreadsheet was complete. I was to make a presentation discussing my findings on Jameson Industries' financial goals and then take any suggestions on how the report should be refined. I was not nervous at all during my presentation, and I made sure to write down all suggestions for improvement. I had absolutely no ego when it came to work. I was like a sponge wanting to soak up as much knowledge as possible. All of the people in the meeting had been with the company a lot longer than me, and I wanted to learn all that I could from them. We were notified at the meeting that the big meeting with Jameson, originally scheduled for Friday, was postponed for two weeks. I noticed a new face that I had not yet been introduced to. She was absolutely beautiful and I noticed her flirtatiously glancing at Joshua throughout the entire meeting. Samira saw me looking at her and rolled her eyes. I guess she doesn't like her. After the meeting Joshua introduced me to the gorgeous woman.

"Sarah, I would like you to meet Natalia Wittendale, she works in our London office."

"Oh, Joshy," she playfully hit his arm, "I think I'm more than just someone who works in the London office." She held his arm, giving me a look to let me know that Joshua was her territory. Joshua winced and looked extremely uncomfortable.

Who the hell is this? I forced a smile and extended my hand.

She hesitated, almost sneering, staring at my hand as it is was covered in dirt. Finally, she gave me a very limp handshake and dropped my hand just as quickly as she touched it.

"So, Sally, where are you from?"

"It's Sarah." I gritted my teeth as I corrected her. What an arrogant...

"Oh, my apologies." Her voiced dripped with saccharin.

Why is she being so nasty?

"I am from just outside New York." I didn't want to waste any more time talking to her. "So nice to meet you Natalie, but I must get back to my office to make these corrections." I started to turn to go back to my office.

"It's Natalia," she glared at me.

I stopped and looked at her. I narrowed my eyes and forced a smile. "So sorry," and I walked away. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a smirk turn up the corner of Joshua's mouth.

A few minutes later Samira came to my office with three huge files and closed the door.

"Don't let her get to you. She's been pining after Mr. Hunter ever since he broke up with her." She plopped the files down on my desk.

Ohhhh, the ex-girlfriend!

"Mr. Hunter would like for you to work on these. He will be in shortly with instructions." Samira hesitated and then continued on, her eyes bright and full of mischief. "Ms. Wittendale has heard a lot about you and is seething with jealousy. Like I told you, Mr. Hunter has never brought anyone with him who was not a partner on one of his long business trips. And the fact that you flew privately with him? I'm sure she can't stand it!" Samira was grinning from ear to ear and she made me giggle.

"Samirah, why are you so happy about this?"

She quickly composed herself. "Oh, I am sorry. That was wrong of me."

"No, no, don't apologize. I just want to know why it makes you so happy."

"Ms. Wittendale treats anyone who is not one of the Hunters, or a partner, like dirt. She acts as if she can't be bothered to even speak to anyone else. She is very rude and condescending. I think every person is valuable and no one should be treated any better than anyone else."

I could see that she was visibly upset.

"I agree with you completely Samira." I leaned in to whisper to her. "I don't think she likes me very much," and I winked at her.

She held her hand over her mouth to cover her smile, and we had a good giggle. Just then there was a knock at my door. Samira opened my door to find Joshua standing there.

"Oh, Mr. Hunter! I was just leaving," and she ducked out.

He closed the door and sat down.

"I want to apologize for Natalia's behavior. She is very territorial and has been asking me all kinds of questions about you. Apparently there is a buzz going around about us." He held my gaze and I swear my insides turned to mush. He is so beautiful.

"A buzz?"

"Office gossip. Just ignore it if you hear anything. Discretion, right?" His dark eyes smoldered.

"Of course." I wanted to take him right there in my office. Being in his presence, in that small office, was clouding my thoughts. I literally shook my head and then heard his soft chuckle.

"Everything okay?"

I realized what I had done in front of him and felt my cheeks flush. "Yes, fine." I cleared my throat. "I'm glad you're here because I wanted to talk to you about your side of the contract. We have been here for a while now and you have yet to give me any formal instructions on specific things I should be doing."

His eyes didn't hide his amusement as he sat studying me.

"I have to say, that I love your tenacity Sarah. You really are the kind of person we want working with us at Hunter International."

Love. He said it. Maybe not the way I wanted, but he said it. Okay, now I was losing it. I was making something out of what was probably nothing. Snap out of it Sarah! Focus!

"Thank you, I appreciate that."

"Okay, you're right. It's time I gave you more information. But before I do that, what are your plans for this evening?" He had a cautious, yet stern look on his face.

He knew that I had dinner plans with Conrad.

"I am supposed to have dinner with Conrad this evening." Fire danced in his eyes.

He did not look pleased. "I am afraid that will not be possible. Since the meeting was postponed, I have a lot of work for you to do. I expect you'll be here until well into the night. Your partner training officially begins today."

His jealous streak was worse than I imagined. But I couldn't protest because my ultimate goal was to become a partner on the fast track. So I just said okay and we proceeded to go over a detailed list of the people and projects I should get to know and work on. He told me that it was important that I get myself in front of people so they know who I am.

"Your reviews and other partner's opinions of you are what matter down the line. They are going to want to know how effective you are, if you contribute to the Profits and Loss, and if you have the support of the people you work with. The best way to do that is to go the extra mile whenever you a chance. If someone needs extra help, extra hands, an extra brain, for anything, you should be the first one to volunteer. In the end, the thing that will get you noticed is your work product, your reviews and your relationships. This is not a position where you can take a backseat and silently do well. People need to know who you are. And I have no doubt that you can do this Sarah. You are extremely bright and determined. I look forward to the day that I get to make the call telling you that you've made partner."

"You make the call?"

"Yes, as CEO, I am the one to deliver the news. As I told you before, the partners vote on whom to choose. Use the information you learn and the skills you acquire in everything you do over the next five years. Be sure to volunteer for every project when a notice goes out that extra help is needed. Come in to the office early and stay late often. It's not that you will have no life. It is important to have some sort of outlet. Just make sure that work is your primary focus. These things will get you noticed and these things will get you nominated for partner. I know you can do this Sarah."

He was so sincere I was a bit taken aback. I could see that he really wanted this for me but I was confused as to why. Usually when you care deeply for someone you have a vested interest in whatever they do and you want them to succeed. I was just an intern turned associate, a smart one I might add, but an associate nonetheless with whom he had amazing sexual chemistry. Why did he care if I actually made partner? I didn't have time to dwell on that, I had three huge files waiting for me.

"Shall I get started on these?"

He said yes and told me what needed to be done.

"I am going to need the results by next Friday for the first two folders and results the following Tuesday for the third folder. We will be discussing all three files at the meeting with Jameson the following day, that Wednesday before we leave. We need analysis and figures telling us where Jameson Industries stands financially. We need to know how solid their portfolio is. They want to grow and we are going to give them the best advice to do so. The three folders you are going to be working on contain information on three of their most recent investments. We need to make sure they are making sound decisions. Compile the data so we can go over it at the next couple of meetings. We will combine your findings with everyone else's findings on their other investments, and hopefully have a productive meeting with them in a couple of weeks."

"When are we leaving?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't have your calendar updated. We leave two weeks from this Friday. We are taking a morning flight and all of your bags will be packed for you. You don't have to worry about that. We also are going to a charity event for autism the night before we leave. I take it you purchased an evening gown on your day of shopping?"

"Yes."

"Good. I usually am unable to attend because I am in the States, so I just send a check. This time, since I am here, we are going."

We? Did he mean everybody from the office? He must have read the confused look on my face because he answered my question without me having to ask it.

"Everyone from the office is invited, and most will attend. It's a night for everyone to have a nice evening out and support charity at the same time. Samira will make sure you get an invitation."

I wondered if we would be going together. I didn't want to ask because I didn't want to seem presumptuous. Joshua didn't mention anything more so I decided to just wait and see.

"I should get back to my office and leave you to your work." He held my gaze and looked like he wanted to say something to me. Can you tell how much I want to be with you? I waited, but nothing came and he got up and walked out of my office.

I pushed aside my feelings of disappointment of not being asked to attend the charity event with him. Maybe it was a group thing and everyone goes together in a caravan. Who knows? It was time to focus on work.

I felt a little over my head but I knew if I did well with this task, it would be an incredible start for me to get recognition here in the Dubai office. I contacted Conrad and told him I would have to reschedule dinner because I was swamped and he was very understanding.

CHAPTER FIVE

The next two weeks were brutal. Everyone was working long hours and there was no time for socializing. Conrad kept trying to schedule dinner and I just didn't have the time. I was working until midnight every night.

One afternoon, the following week, I was buried deep in my analysis of Jameson numbers when I was snapped out of my trance-like concentration by a light tap on my door. I looked up to see Jake's smiling face. I gave him a huge smile.

"What a nice surprise!"

"I wanted to see if you want to take a coffee break. It's so nuts around here."

"I would love to." I grabbed my purse and we walked to the elevator.

"There is a little cafe next door, if you don't mind being in the heat for a couple of minutes as we walk outside."

"Not at all. It will be nice to see new faces."

We went to the cafe which was really cute and quaint. It was nearly 2:00 so it wasn't packed, which was nice. We got our coffees and grabbed seats near the window. We were right under a fan which was blowing cool air on us.

"So, are you feeling overwhelmed yet?" He adjusted his suit jacket as he got comfortable.

"Surprisingly, no. I am trying to soak up as much information as I can. This is my dream job so I love what I am doing."

He raised his eyebrows and gave me a little smile.

"Dream job, huh? That's fantastic. I can understand why you say that. I think you have to love the finance industry to be in it long term. And from what I have heard about you, you have long term goals."

"Oh? What have you heard about me?" I felt like we'd known each other forever. Jake was so easy to talk to.

"My brother raves about you."

Raves about me? I need to hear this!

"He says that he had never had such a bright, promising intern in the program before. I, personally, have never seen him happier. Normally, he dreads the long trips. This time he didn't. I think you might be the reason." His eyes twinkled a bit when he said that. The expression on his face reminded me of the expression Samira had on her face when she told me there was a buzz about me around the office.

I didn't know how to respond so I just sat there, cheeks flushed, as I drank the hot, rich liquid.

"You seem to bring out the human side of him, Sarah. Joshua has always been extremely focused on work. Even as kids he didn't like to play a lot. He's always had a very stoic demeanor." That explains why he is so cold sometimes. "But around you, he is different. Everyone sees it but no one would dare say anything to him. It's refreshing to see him so happy." I wanted to shout with happiness. Could it be that Joshua had true feelings for me?

"After our father died, he took on a lot of responsibility keeping the company going. Mother was so distraught she didn't know what to do. Joshua stepped in and took care of everything. I was still in college so I wasn't much help at the time. Sometimes I think he feels he missed out on a lot of life because he had so much responsibility at a young age. But his experiences also made him the strong person he is today. Mother still relies on him for many things. He has never married and part of the reason is because mother has never approved of any of his girlfriends. Not one. Natalia, who you met last week, was desperate to marry my brother and I thought it would happen. He wasn't completely happy with her, but he was content."

Content? I felt so sad for Joshua that he almost settled on being content for the rest of his life rather than in love!

"I don't know that he felt he deserved more. But it didn't matter because mother could not stand her. We never knew why. Shortly after he brought her home to meet mother, he broke things off. She was probably a bit snarky with you when she met you because he's never brought anyone with him on these long trips, and she knows that it means something that you are here with him. So you, my dear, are somewhat of an anomaly. You seem to have captured my brother's heart."

I slowly shook my head in protest. "Jake, Joshua just sees me as a business colleague. He has taught me so much, and I am very grateful, but I don't think it's any more than that for him."

"What about for you, Sarah?"

I was tongue-tied and wanted to shift the conversation away from me, so I turned the table on him.

"I could ask you the same thing. What does the future hold for you and Vivienne?"

He, thankfully, let me off the hook.

"Vivienne is a wonderful person."

I raised an eyebrow and did not mean for him to see that.

"Oh, you didn't like her."

"No, no, it's not that. She just was not extremely friendly when I met at her dinner the other night."

"She really is a kind person. She gets a bit possessive and jealous when there are other beautiful women in the room."

I blushed at his compliment, it was sweet.

"We have been together for two years and we have a nice time together. We are very comfortable with each other."

"Hmmm, what are you not telling me Jake?" I cocked my head to the side, with a slight smirk dancing at my lips, giving him a playful inquisitive look. I knew he was leaving something out because he was not gushing about the woman he had been with for two years! There should have been more emotion there if she was special.

He smiled. "You seem to be able to read me pretty well." He sighed and took a deep breath. "I don't really talk about this much, but for some strange reason I feel I can trust you. I don't know what it is about you Sarah, but I feel so comfortable with you, like you're my big sister, even though you're only a few months older than me."

That made me feel good. "I know, it's weird, isn't it? I feel the same way. I think we connected instantly." I reached out and grabbed his hand. "I can see that what you're about to say is difficult. Of course, you can trust me. My lips are sealed." I gave him a quick wink.

"Thank you. Okay, well when I was in college, I met the love of my life, Lauren. It was an all- consuming love. The kind you only read about in romance novels. We came from two completely different backgrounds." I could definitely relate to that. "We met freshman year and by the time we graduated I was ready to ask her to marry me. She ended up getting into law school in Chicago and New York but chose to go to school in Chicago. She said it was the better of the two schools. I was being groomed to run the company with Joshua so I had to stay in New York. I was devastated when she chose the Chicago school. I wanted to leave the company and be with her but she knew that the best thing for me to do was go to New York. She didn't want me to throw my future away. She was extremely driven, like you, and she said she had to concentrate fully on law school which meant we had to break up. Sarah, I couldn't eat for days. I was so heartbroken."

"Did you ever try to reach out to her?"

"She wouldn't return my calls."

"Have you thought about trying to contact her now?"

"She's probably married with kids by now. I wouldn't want to ruin anything for her."

My heart broke for him. He looked so sad.

"I didn't date anyone for a couple of years. There were a few casual dates here and there but nothing special. Then I met Vivienne a couple of years ago. On paper we make sense. Her family probably has as much money as we do. We both went to Ivy League schools and we have a lot in common."

"But?"

"You know there's a 'but' coming huh?" He chuckled at my perceptiveness. "Like I said, Vivienne is a lovely woman, very sweet. But that spark...that feeling, is missing. I keep hoping it will come and it never does."

"I'm not telling you what to do, but just be sure to be honest with Vivienne about how you're feeling."

"Oh, she already knows. I've been very upfront with her. She doesn't care. She believes you can learn to love someone."

"Do you?"

He hung his head as he looked in his empty coffee cup. "I just don't know."

We sat there in silence for a minute and then decided we should get back to the office before they sent out a search party for us. Just as we were about to step off of the elevator onto our floor, Jake lightly touched my arm.

"Thanks for listening to me Sarah."

I gave him a quick wink and a small smile. "Anytime."

CHAPTER SIX

It was the day of the meeting with Jameson Industries and we were wrapping things up. The client was very happy with our analysis and suggestions on how to grow their company in the future. They felt very confident with our presentation and that meant Joshua and Jake were happy. The mood was jovial and light-hearted in the office. We were enjoying a late lunch that had been catered when Conrad came over to me.

"You know, I'm a bit disappointed that we were never able to connect for dinner."

"I know. I'm sorry Conrad. I was completely swamped with work."

"Well, there is the charity event tomorrow night. Do you have an escort?"

I hesitated because I was sure that Joshua would be upset if I went with Conrad. But then I thought about it and got irritated at him. If he wanted to go with me, he should have asked me!

"No actually, I don't."

Conrad beamed and didn't hesitate to ask me to be his companion. Just as I was about to say yes, Joshua was standing beside us.

"What kind of mischief is brewing over here?" He tried to sound light-hearted, but I could see the annoyance written all over his face.

Boy, he was possessive! I didn't want to admit it but it made me feel good to know that he got jealous if I talked to another man.

"I just asked Sarah to be my companion for the charity event tomorrow night." Conrad was oblivious to Joshua's jealousy. It looked like the vein in Joshua's neck was going to explode.

"Conrad," he spoke through clenched teeth, "I have already made arrangements to take Sarah to the event tomorrow evening." I looked at him. Really? Because this is the first I have heard of this!

"But Sarah is your new associate. Why don't you take Natalia and I can escort Sarah."

Joshua grinned through gritted teeth and patted Conrad on the arm. "Thank you for the offer ol' chap, but everything is already set. Feel free to ask Natalia. I am sure she will be ecstatic that you asked her." Joshua stood his ground like an animal claiming his territory. His body language was very clear that he was going to get his way. He also didn't leave my side and that thwarted any chance Conrad had to speak with me privately. Conrad finally got the message and sauntered off to talk with Natalia.

I turned to Joshua, "I had no idea you were escorting me to the charity event."

"No? Would you like to go with Conrad instead?" He playfully challenged me, daring me to say yes.

"No." My voice was small as I realized that this would be our first formal date. A small panic set in at the realization of what the following night could hold. My palms began to sweat and suddenly I was very uncomfortable standing next to Joshua in public. Can everyone see how I feel about you?

He must have been able to see that I was uncomfortable because he placated me with words that only I could hear.

"We will have a wonderful time tomorrow evening. Don't worry about anything. I'm looking forward to seeing you in your gown." He inconspicuously leaned in to whisper one last thing. "Wear something special underneath just for me." He gave me a quick wink that only I could see, and walked over to get another cup of punch.

I stood there speechless. He seemed to have this effect on me from the first day I met him. The thought of our date consumed me now that the big meeting was over and the work was done. The luncheon was finally dispersing and I went back to my office to pack up my things. A few minutes later, Samira was at the door.

"Sarah, it has been so wonderful having you here and getting to know you. I take it you will be attending the event tomorrow evening?"

"I will. The dress is formal, is that right?"

"Yes, a black tie event, evening gowns and tuxedos."

"Are you going to be there Samira?"

"Yes, my husband is looking forward to wearing his tuxedo. He hasn't worn it in years. I hope it still fits!" She broke out into tiny giggles and her laugh was infectious. We giggled like a couple of school girls. It was so nice to be around someone with such a refreshing spirit.

"I am so happy you will be there. A friendly face is always nice to see."

"Yes it is. Do you need any help with anything?"

"No I am all set, thanks. I am going to call my car, go back to the hotel and get some much needed sleep. "

"I understand. I am sure you are exhausted. Well, I must go. I will see you tomorrow evening."

"Have a good night."

CHAPTER SEVEN

There were a few times during this trip that I had to be honest with myself about how I felt about certain things. This was another one of those times. As much as I was not used to it, I was happy to have a glam squad on this day. I wanted to look perfect for Joshua. He was picking me up at 5:30 and I was almost ready. My hair, makeup and nails were flawless thanks to my glam squad. I wore beautiful black, lace lingerie from La Perla under my dress. And my dress. Oh my goodness. Even I was in awe of it. Fashion had never really been my thing but it was pretty easy to get used to the splurges. I am, after all, still a woman. My dress was a gorgeous ruby red, one shoulder, full length silk gown by Carolina Herrera. It fell over my curves in all of the right places and the fit was perfection. I wore black strappy Valentino shoes and carried a small black satin Christian Dior clutch. I was stunned by my reflection in the mirror. It's amazing what having money can do. I heard the doorbell, and my butler announced that Joshua had arrived. I quickly dabbed one more drop of my Prada perfume before going down to meet him.

Suddenly my nerves went into overdrive. I took a deep breath and counted to 10 before descending the staircase. When I saw him, he took my breath away. He looked so incredibly handsome in his tuxedo. Is this really my life? His gaze never left mine as I made my way down the stairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs, I walked over to him on somewhat wobbly legs.

He stood there silent for a moment before he finally spoke. "You look stunning Sarah. Absolutely beautiful." His eyes roamed over my body as he took in everything I had on. I could see the hunger in his eyes, as they paused at my lips before meeting my gaze again. You are so beautiful Joshua. "I have something for you." He held out a small black velvet box.

My heart was thumping in my chest as I opened it. Two beautiful, huge, sparkling diamond stud earrings gleamed inside the box. My mouth fell open.

"I can't accept these Joshua." I held the box out to him.

"Nonsense. Think of them as a bonus for all of your hard work this past month."

"Bonus? You let me go on a very expensive shopping spree. I would think that was my bonus. Really, these are too much."

"You don't like them?"

"Of course I do. They are beautiful."

"Then please keep them. I want you to wear them tonight. And the shopping spree was a business expense, not a bonus. You can keep everything you bought."

I was flabbergasted by his generosity. I had no idea why he was being so kind but I would take it! I liked this gentle side of Joshua. I put in my new earrings and felt like a princess in a fairytale.

"Shall we go?" He held out his arm for me and it felt so perfect, my arm wrapped my arm around his. I had never been so happy.

***

The autism charity ball was being held at the Atlantis Hotel, The Palm and the room was already half full by the time we got there. I noticed many raised eyebrows as we entered the room together. I saw Samira talking with a few people and as soon as she saw us she made a beeline over to us.

"Good evening Mr. Hunter." She had her professional face on.

"Good evening Samira, you look very lovely."

She blushed. "Thank you, sir."

She grabbed my hands. "Sarah, you look so beautiful."

"I told her the same thing." He raised his eyebrows and had a twinkle in his eye. "I need to go speak with someone. Stay here. I'll be back." And with that he disappeared into the crowd.

Samira had a look on her face like the cat who ate the canary.

"What?" I laughed.

She leaned in to whisper to me. "I think Mr. Hunter fancies you." She was trying hard to hold back her smile.

"Oh, Samira. He's just being kind." Was he? We'd kind of moved to a different level now. He was so gentle with me. Until you make him angry. I had to remind myself of his jealous streak. Tonight was going perfectly so far and I didn't want to do anything to ruin it. Samira wanted to introduce me to her husband so I went with her over to the group she was talking with and she introduced me to everyone. I figured I would only be there for a few minutes and then I would return to the spot where Joshua asked me to wait. We were all making small talk when I felt a gentle hand on my waist. I smiled to myself as I thought it was Joshua coming to collect me.

"May I have this dance?" The voice was definitely not Joshua. I turned to see Conrad smiling at me.

"Hello Conrad." I cautiously looked around to try to find Joshua but he was nowhere to be seen.

"My dear, you simply take my breath away. You look beautiful."

"Thank you, you're very kind."

"I'm still waiting for an answer to my question."

"Would Natalia mind?"

"Natalia has Joshua cornered. She won't mind at all."

She had Joshua cornered, huh? I was surprised at how jealous and possessive I felt. Joshua Hunter was not a man that did anything he did not want to do. If he was "cornered" by Natalia, he wanted to be there. That lit a fire in me so I decided to dance with Conrad.

Conrad was flirting with me throughout our entire dance. He even told me he wanted to come to the States to visit me. I laughed him off and played down his advances. Unfortunately there was only one man I had eyes for and apparently, tonight, he had eyes for someone else. I started to feel a bit sad when I heard a stern voice interrupt us.

"May I have this dance?"

My body tensed when I heard his voice and I hoped that Conrad did not feel that. I turned to see Joshua standing there, waiting to cut in. I gave him a cool stare as I held firmly to Conrad's shoulder.

"I am rather enjoying my dance. So, I am going to have to decline your request."

Joshua was visibly shocked by my response but composed himself quickly. He set his jaw and to say that his eyes were brimming with fire was an understatement. I had never seen that look on his face. He was beyond angry.

"OK, then. I will wait for the next dance."

Joshua stood on the perimeter of the dance floor watching us, his eyes burning a hole right through me. He must not have cared that nearly everyone in the room was watching his fixation on us. Conrad was a complete gentleman and ignored Joshua's intense stare. As soon as the song ended Conrad kissed my hand.

"Thank you for indulging me."

We walked off of the dance floor and Conrad went to go socialize. Joshua grabbed my elbow and held a tight grip.

"Shall we dance?"

I didn't have time to respond before Joshua whisked me out onto the dance floor. He held me tightly in his grip as we twirled slowly around the floor.

"Joshua, you're holding me too tight!" I tried to wrench out of his grip but he pulled me closer.

"I thought we had an understanding." He spat out the venom-filled words as he held me tight. I could feel his hardness pressed against me as we moved around the floor.

I looked up at his gorgeous face and saw his furrowed brow as passion and anger flickered in his eyes. I wanted to placate him so that we would not become a spectacle. He was so caught up in his fury that he disregarded the fact that we were now the center of attention.

In a soft voice, I tried to help him calm down. "I'm sorry if I upset you, sir."

He seemed to be shocked back into reality as he looked down at me. I felt his grip on my back relax. He realized we were being watched and he completely changed his demeanor. He took a small step back so that we were not pressed against each other, yet he still held me tight as if not wanting to let me go.

He cleared his throat before he spoke. "I apologize, Sarah. I hope I didn't make you uncomfortable."

I was shocked at his apology. Really? He was apologizing to me? "Apology accepted." I hesitated but then decided to ask the question that had been consuming me. We were in the middle of the room so I figured he wouldn't flip out in front of everyone. He did, after all, have an image to maintain. "Why do you get so upset when I am talking with Conrad?"

I felt his body stiffen. He continued to twirl me around the floor. "This is not the place to discuss that." He voice was firm so I refrained from asking anything further.

We continued to dance in silence and, as I let the beautiful music wash over me, I allowed myself to enjoy the close contact with Joshua. He gently pulled me closer to him as he rested his cheek against my hair. I closed my eyes and it felt as if we were the only two people in the room. I was so caught up in us that I was oblivious to the fact that the music had stopped. It wasn't until I heard a soft chuckle from Joshua that I snapped out of my haze.

"The music has stopped Sarah."

I looked up at him, mortified. "Oh my goodness!" Then I quickly glanced around the room to see everyone looking at us. I wanted to shrivel up and die! I quickly stepped away from him and smoothed my dress. We walked off the dance floor and went to get a drink.

"I don't know what came over me." I looked at him apologetically as I took the first sip of wine.

"I do." His eyes sparkled as he gave me a slight smirk. He was so damned good-looking it was hard to keep my composure. If you only knew what I want to do to you right now. My gaze was fixed on him and I could feel the wetness between my legs as his eyes slowly roamed up and down my body.

"There you two are!" We were both snapped out of our heat charged encounter when Jake, Vivienne, Conrad and Natalia interrupted us.

Thankfully Joshua was able to chat with them as I mentally pulled myself together.

"You look lovely Sarah." Jake had the kindest smile.

"Why thank you. You don't look so bad yourself." I could see Vivienne frown a bit at our playful exchange. Oh, get over yourself! I had yet to see what he saw in her. In the short time I'd known Jake, I felt that he deserved so much better. I guess I should play nice.

"Vivienne, you look very beautiful tonight."

"Thank you, Sarah. You look very pretty as well." I think she seemed sincere.

"Thank you. And Natalia, your gown is stunning." I summoned all of the goodness inside of me to make that compliment sound genuine.

She shot me a cool glare, quickly taking in my complete ensemble. Did she just turn up her nose at me?

"You're very sweet." And just like that, she dismissed me. But I decided not to let her get away with it. The men were chatting so I took the opportunity to teach her that I was not one to be ignored.

"I had so much fun getting dressed for the evening. I don't know what I would have done without my glam squad today." My smile was as fake as it was wide.

"Glam squad? What a nice gesture for Joshua to arrange that for you for the day." Natalia seemed surprised.

"The day? Oh no, dear. They have been with me, every day, all month. It was very sweet of him to do that for me. Especially since I am just the new associate." I gave her a coy smile.

I could see her seething as her eyes narrowed at me. Poor Vivienne had no idea how to react to us so she just stood there, silent. I shot Natalia a glare right back but curled up the corners of my mouth. Yes, you witch. Your ex-boyfriend has been treating me like a queen.

"Vivienne, do you like my new earrings?" I sneered at Natalia as I showed off my present.

"They are stunning. Were they a gift?" Vivienne seemed genuinely interested.

I looked directly at Natalia. "Yes, they were."

Her face was so red, I thought her head was going to explode.

"Joshua!" Her voice was shrill. She must have realized she should not speak to him that way because she instantly turned on the sweet voice. "I apologize for interrupting. May I speak with you a moment in private?"

He looked a bit annoyed but he stepped away with her. For some reason this didn't bother me. I felt pretty good about where I stood with Joshua. I turned to talk with the rest of the group. Jake and I were chatting about business when Conrad heard his favorite song. He asked Vivienne to dance and Jake and I were alone.

"I'm glad we have a minute alone Jake. I was thinking about what you told me about Lauren, your college sweetheart, and I wanted to give you a bit of advice if you don't mind."

"Of course I don't mind. I welcome advice from you Sarah."

"Thanks for that. Now, I want you to remember what I'm about to tell you okay?"

"Absolutely."

"Life is short. We only have one chance, one time around. You found the one thing that nearly everyone wants to find. You found true love. You had it and you let it get away. No disrespect to Vivienne, but I want you to go get it. You deserve that happiness. I'll bet you that Lauren still loves you. I just have a feeling. And Vivienne deserves to find it as well. I know she loves you, but she needs someone who loves her the same way. I'm not telling you to break up with her right now. You need to do things in your own time, in your own way and I get that. Just think about what I've said before it's too late."

He looked at me and I could see a flicker of sadness in his eyes. I can't wait until I don't see that anymore. Just then Vivienne and Conrad came back over to us.

"If you would all excuse me, I am going to the ladies room." I made my way across the room to the bathroom and on my way there, in a tiny alcove off of the main hallway, I spotted Joshua and Natalia in what looked like an intimate embrace. I was fuming! I went to the ladies room and wanted to cry. But then I admonished myself. Pull it together Sarah! What did you expect? Joshua was a rich billionaire who could have anyone he wanted. Did you really think he wanted you? I actually was starting to think that he wanted me. I thought his jealousy was because he wanted me all to himself. But now, I started to think his jealousy was all about power and control. I felt so sad and I was happy we were going home the next day. I wanted to get away from him for a while. I would continue to work my ass off at work because nothing was going to deter my plans. But as far as he was concerned, I wanted nothing more to do with Joshua Hunter.

As I exited the stall, my eyes met the cold, blue gaze of Natalia Wittendale. She had a smirk on her face as she wiped off her smeared lipstick.

"Joshua is so amazing, isn't he? We reminisced about old times and it definitely reminded him of what he is missing." She had a very cocky air about her.

"And what is he missing, Natalia?" I had no tolerance for her snarky attitude.

"Well, me, of course. Someone who is on his level, who understands what his world is like. Our families travel in the same circles so he needs someone who is familiar with our lifestyle. We are perfect together and I just needed some time alone with him to remind him of that."

I wanted to knock the smug look right off of her face. So she's playing the money card. Money doesn't faze me, never has.

I held my head up high, shoulders back and looked her squarely in the eyes. "You've forgotten one thing, Natalia."

"Oh, and what is that?" Her snobby demeanor made her such an ugly person.

"A man, who truly wants to be with someone, never has to be reminded of anything." I smiled confidently at her as she stewed with anger and I walked toward the door. Just as I was about to open it, I stopped.

"Oh, and one last thing Natalia. He will never look at you the way he looks at me," and I walked out.

Ugh!!! She is such a witch!!! I was glad that I was able to remain composed as she tried to rattle me. I was a tough girl. It would take a lot more than a desperate ex-girlfriend to really get to me. I returned to our group and completely ignored Joshua as I approached everyone. Since Conrad was waiting for Natalia, I grabbed his hand and led him to the dance floor. Joshua looked confused and then I saw the fire in his eyes again. You can't have your cake and eat it too, buddy. If he wanted Natalia, he could have her. But he wasn't going to have me too! I wrapped my arms around Conrad and watched as Joshua's face turned hard and cold before my eyes. We continued to dance closely until the song was over.

"What a nice surprise, Sarah. Thank you for the dance." He held up both of my hands and pressed the backs to his lips.

I smiled at him and we made our way back to the group. It was getting pretty late by this time and I was ready to leave. I walked around until I found Samira and I said goodbye to her. Then I went back to our group and said goodnight to everyone there before walking over to Joshua. I very bluntly told him I was ready to go.

"I am perfectly fine taking a car by myself."

He held his composure in front of the group as he responded to me through clenched teeth. I saw Jake give us an odd look and then he ushered everyone away from us.

"Nonsense. I will escort you back to the hotel." Joshua grabbed my arm and I snatched it away.

"Don't touch me! Feel free to stay with your girlfriend." I spat out the words before I realized what I had said.

He grabbed my arm again and this time his grip was too strong. "Let's go." The curt words cut the air like a knife.

When we were in the car he spoke again.

"Do you mind explaining that rude display?" I could tell Joshua was having a difficult time keeping his voice calm.

"I could ask you the same thing!"

"What are you talking about?" He seemed genuinely confused.

"I saw you and your little girlfriend making out in the corner. How tacky Joshua, we were at a formal event for charity!"

I could not have anticipated the explosion that was about to happen.

"Do not ever speak to me like that!" His voice roared throughout the Rolls Royce, but the driver was not fazed at all. He stared straight ahead and kept driving.

I suddenly felt that I had crossed a line and I didn't know how to fix it. We rode in silence the entire way back to the hotel. I could feel Joshua's anger and I was afraid that I had just ruined everything.

CHAPTER EIGHT

"We're going to my room." I had never heard him sound like this. His voice was completely devoid of emotion. My heart was literally pounding against my chest as I just dutifully followed behind him. We entered his beautiful room and he walked directly upstairs. I didn't want to ask any questions so I just followed him. As soon as we walked into his bedroom he spun me around and pushed me against the wall. His hard body molded against my back and I felt his hands run down by body.

"Watching you, with Conrad's hands on you, drove me crazy tonight," he murmured as his tongue lightly flicked my earlobe. I could feel his hard length against my backside and I thought I would melt into the wall. "I don't want anyone else's hands on your body but mine," his lips traced the outline of my ear. I felt him slowly unzip my dress and I remembered what I saw in the alcove. I tried to move away from him but he was too strong.

My hands were flat against the wall when I decided to say something.

"I saw you kissing Natalia tonight. She told me that you two were getting back together. If that's true, why am I here?" My voice was very small and I tried to disguise the hurt I felt, but it was obvious. I could feel the tears coming and tried to hold them back. Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry.

He stopped, and slowly zipped my dress up before turning me around. I leaned against the wall, nervously picking at my fingernails, looking down at the floor. Do I really want to hear this? He put a finger under my chin and gently lifted my tear stained eyes to his. He held my face in his hands as his eyes longingly searched mine. He then placed a gentle kiss on my lips.

"What you saw, sweet Sarah, was Natalia kissing me. She grabbed me and pulled me to her. What you didn't see was me pulling away from her and telling her there would never be another chance with us and she should move on. You're here because I want you here."

He leaned down to kiss me and a light moan escaped from my lips. He grabbed a fistful of my hair, pulled my head back and ran his tongue along my collar bone up to the delicate skin behind my ear. He pressed his hard body against mine, deliciously crushing me against the wall. I felt his hands run down either side of my h*ps and he turned me around, his body molding against my back, pressing me against the wall. He pushed my hair to the side and kissed the back of my neck. He let out a low groan as he started moving his h*ps against my backside. I felt him slowly unzip my dress, lightly planting kisses down my back. I heard him fall to his knees behind me.

"Step out of your dress." He voiced was filled with lust.

I stepped out of my dress and stood there wearing my black lace bra, matching thong panty, garter, sheer hose and Valentino heels. I heard Joshua's sharp intake of breath as his hands roamed over my butt cheeks. I felt his warm breath against my ear.

"You look so f**king sexy." His words elicited a soft moan from me. "I like that you wore this just for me."

I could feel the wetness between my thighs soaking my panties. My core ached for him and longed to be touched. My forehead rested against the wall as I heard him fall to his knees behind me.

"Spread your legs."

I opened my legs for him and felt his lips kiss one cheek, then the other. I felt his hands push my cheeks apart, kneading them as he leaned in to trace each cheek with his tongue. His warm tongue slowly traced around one cheek, stopping to lick up the crease, and then licking up and around the other cheek. I heard him groan as he buried his face between my bu**ocks, licking my most intimate opening. His tongue pressed inside the tight space and I let out a small cry as feelings of pleasure caused my skin to tingle all over. He slowly pulled away from me and walked over to his bureau. When he returned, I heard him open the condom wrapper and heard lubricant being squirted. I felt his bulbous tip gently press against my opening. The lubricant allowed him to slide in easier, past the tight ring, as my rear walls closed in around his cock. Our heavy breathing filled the air as he rotated his h*ps and I pressed back into him. One strong arm snaked around my waist, while the other entwined his fingers in mine. I felt the wetness between my legs move down my thighs. He held me tightly against him and I squeezed his hand as sensations began to build.

I wanted to bring him pleasure first. I undulated my hips, pressing back against him. His jagged breaths told me I was doing something right, so I increased my pace. Joshua increased his pace with me as he began to thrust into me. I had one hand on the wall as he held me tight, increasing his thrusts. I felt his body tense and then heard a loud grunt as he shuddered and came loudly. His forehead rested against my back as he caught his breath. He slowly pulled away from me. My throbbing center was begging to be touched. Joshua grabbed my hand and walked me over to his bed.

"Lie down." I did as I was told as a blindfold covered my eyes. This is new. All of my other senses were heightened when my sight was temporarily blocked. I was surprised at how much I liked the added suspense. I could sense Joshua walking around the bed but I wasn't quite sure where he was. Suddenly, I felt the bed give a little as he joined me there.

"Knees up."

I put my knees up only to feel fingers run down my thigh towards my essence. His fingers delved and slid in between my sensitive folds as I raised my h*ps off the bed, begging him to touch me more.

I heard him chuckle. "What do you want my pet? Do you want me to go deep like this?" He thrust two fingers inside of me and I cried out, my body suffused with desire. "Do you want more?" His fingers manipulated my inner walls as I writhed around on the bed.

"Yes, sir. Please, sir."

"Do you belong to me?" His fingers continued their manipulation.

"Yes, sir." My h*ps rotated against his fingers.

"Will you allow another man to touch you intimately?" His fingers went even deeper.

I cried out with pleasure. "No, sir." My breath was coming in short gasps.

Suddenly I felt his tongue licking the sensitive bud between my legs. He applied more pressure as he made long, slow movements with his tongue. He then quickened his pace with his tongue, deftly moving his fingers in and out of me. I let out a loud cry as I felt my orgasm rocket to the surface, my body exploding with sensation. I lay there, basking in the sensation as my body shuddered against his fingers.

Without saying a word, Joshua's lips closed around one nipple while pinching the other between his thumb and forefinger. My already sensitive body responded to his touch as I felt him climb on top of me. I felt the tip of his c**k slowly enter my tender opening. I quickly wrapped my legs around him, gripping him with my thighs, pulling him in deeper. My need was raw, and wanted to be satisfied. I wound my arms around his neck and his lips came crashing down on mine with pure passion. His tongue found my own, desperate, yearning, and needing. He ripped off the blindfold, put his arm under my knee, pulling it up, allowing him deeper access. I arched my body toward him as our haggard breaths permeated the still air. He began to thrust inside me, slow and deep, at first. His other hand slid up my body to my hardened nipple, pinching it between his fingers. My eyes were closed as I reveled in all of the sensations.

"Look at me."

My eyes flew open and I looked into his beautiful, intense eyes. His gorgeous face hovered above me. You are so very beautiful. My hands traveled over his perfect chest, lines of well-developed muscle proudly exhibited. He started to quicken his thrusts. My fingers grabbed his shoulders, using them for leverage, as I arched my h*ps to meet his thrusts. Each word was accentuated by a thrust.

"You. Belong. To. Me. Say it."

"I belong to you." The words barely audible as my breath came in gasps.

"Again! You! Belong! To! Me!" His thrusts were faster and harder now.

"I belong to you!" I cried out as our h*ps moved together, his c**k repeatedly hitting me deep inside.

He leaned down to my ear. "Come for me." His sexy whisper was the catalyst that pushed me over the edge. Waves of sensation washed over me as my orgasm rose to meet me for the second time. My body shuddered uncontrollably underneath him as his eyes noted my every movement. His pace quickened, his thrusts shorter and faster, as he hurled himself toward his release. A loud grunt escaped his lips, as his body, hard as an iron rod, quivered as he came. He collapsed on top of me, his breathing coming in ragged gasps, his weight a welcome comfort. I held him close for a while, basking in the afterglow, until he rolled off of me.

He turned on his side, and propped himself up to look at me, gently moving my hair out of my eyes. His eyes earnestly searched mine, some sort of emotion written all over his face. What are you thinking Joshua? What do you need?   He leaned in to give me a gentle kiss.

"Sarah, Sarah..." His voice came in whispers as it trailed off.

I lay there silent, not knowing what he wanted from me. He entwined his fingers in mine and searched my eyes once again. Finally, he spoke but it wasn't what I wanted to hear.

"We should get some sleep. We leave tomorrow."

"Oh no! I haven't packed a thing!"

He chuckled. "Don't worry. That was taken care of while we were at the charity ball."

I sighed with relief. "Oh, right. I forgot that you told me that would be taken care of." Somehow I mustered the courage to ask the next question.

"Shall I go back to my room?" My heart was pounding as I waited for the answer. Oh how I wish I could feel your arms around me all night.

"It probably would be best. I will walk you to your door."

We got dressed and when we arrived at my door, he leaned down to kiss me on the cheek. "Thank you for a wonderful evening." Butterflies fluttered in my stomach. "Sleep well. The car will pick us up at 10:00 a.m. to go to the airport. I will see you then."

I walked into my room and leaned against the door as it closed. I took a deep breath and thought about the night's events. My feelings for Joshua had escalated beyond anything I expected. A feeling of sadness fell over me as reality began to settle in. We were going home the next day and my private time with Joshua was probably over. Feeling blue, I changed into pajamas, curled up on the bed and drifted off to sleep.

CHAPTER NINE

The following morning I met Joshua in the lobby at 10:00. I decided to wear a beautiful, yet comfortable, Gucci dress for the long flight. I wanted to look nice for him. If this was going to be our final time alone together, I wanted him to remember how good I looked. Joshua gave me an approving look as his eyes roamed over my dress. When we stepped outside I noticed two cars waiting for us.

"We're not riding in the same car?" Was everything between us over so quickly that he couldn't stand to be in the same car with me?

"Of course we are. The other car is for Jake and Vivienne. They will be flying back with us on the jet." Relief washed over me, and then happiness as I realized I would get to see Jake again. It was comforting to know that I would have a friend to chat with on the flight home.

All of our belongings were already loaded on the plane when we boarded. I was amazed that every bit of my new wardrobe had been dry-cleaned, and was packed and taken care of for me. The past 30 days had been a fantasy life for me, minus the difficult and long working days. I didn't know that I would ever have the chance to experience anything like that again. I wanted to thank Joshua for all that he had done for me. I just had to find the right time to do it.

We were about an hour into the flight and Jake and I were chatting in our seats like two long lost friends. Vivienne was napping and Joshua was working in the conference room.

"Sarah, I want to thank you for the talk that we had. You gave me a lot to think about."

"I only want what's best for you Jake. But I understand that you need to do everything in your own time."

"I do. And trust me, I will."

Just then Joshua called me in to the conference room. He wanted to go over part of the Donnelly file, one of our older clients.

"This is what you will be working on when we get back to New York." He handed me a brown accordion folder.

"Joshua, I want to tell you something."

He stopped what he was doing and looked at me.

"I want to thank you for this incredible, life-changing opportunity that you gave me. I learned so much in Dubai. I will be eternally grateful to you. Your generosity while I was here...I mean the clothes, the shoes, the beautiful hotel...everything...thank you."

He seemed a bit caught off guard and uncomfortable with my gratitude and just gave me a curt, "You're welcome."

One of these days you are going to open up to me. And not just when we are in the bedroom. I was shocked by my confidence that we would be together again, but there was something between us. I couldn't just let him get away. I decided to accept his curt reply without pressing him for more. He knew that I was grateful and that is what mattered.

"Well, if that's all, I am going to take this file back to my chair and have a look at it there. I am assuming we will have a meeting on this first thing Monday morning?" I was all business again.

"We actually are all making a quick detour for a few days."

This completely shocked me. I felt a nervousness in my belly that I hadn't experienced since first meeting Joshua.

"A detour? Where are we going?"

He held my gaze and I saw a hint of mischief in his eyes. "It's a surprise."

