Chapter 1

We were on our way home, or at least I thought we were, when Joshua threw a curve ball at me.

"A surprise? You know Joshua, technically our contract has expired."

"Actually, our contract doesn't expire until tomorrow. But I have been thinking. I want to amend our contract." He fixed his gaze on me. "I need more." His voice took a sexy dip.

More? More what? More time with me? I gave him a quizzical look.

"Isn't it obvious Sarah?" Joshua held my gaze as his eyes smoldered with desire.

I didn't know how to answer him, and my heart was starting to beat faster.

"I need more time with you."

My mouth was suddenly dry. Is he saying what I hope he's saying? Is he professing his feelings for me? I started to feel extremely giddy at the thought of this gorgeous man finally admitting he has feelings for me that had nothing to do with the bedroom.

"Thirty days is not nearly enough time to teach you what you need to know about the fast track to partnership. I need more time with you."

My happiness quickly deflated and I realize he was referring to work.

"I have a new proposition for you. I will arrange to have you shadow a junior level partner for six months if you do everything I desire for the same amount of time. But this time, I will be introducing new elements into the agreement. Like before, if at anytime you are uncomfortable or don't want to do something just tell me to stop. Our contract expires tomorrow night at 11 PM. You will have until that time to think about my revised offer."

I was speechless. First of all, the opportunity to shadow a partner was unheard of. Second, Joshua wanted to be with me for six months! That has to mean something, right?

"Wow, Joshua. I don't know what to say."

"Think about it and let me know tomorrow. The contract has already been sent to your tablet. We only have an hour left until we land so you can feel free to look it over now. You will also have time tonight before bed and then tomorrow after dinner. We will be occupied at all other times."

"Do you think you can tell me where we're going?"

"It's a surprise." That was all he would say.

I don't know why, but I was extremely nervous.

He looked at me with an amused grin. "That is all."

I took his cue and went back to my seat. So much was swirling around in my mind. But the thing I thought about most was that Joshua had figured out a way to spend six months with me. I was basking in my blissful feelings when I had a sobering thought. Were we supposed to be exclusive for the six months? He had a very jealous streak so I doubted he would want me to even look at anyone else. But what about him? What were the rules for him? Whatever they were I was willing to accept them. He was the man I really wanted to be with. I had to figure out a way to get him to open up to me. The sex was already incredible. I wanted a deeper, more meaningful relationship with him and...I wanted him to yearn for me.

It was nearly 6:00 AM when we landed and I still didn't know where we were. Jake and Vivienne must have been instructed not to tell me anything because I couldn't get any information from them at all. Once I stepped onto the tarmac I saw the huge LAX sign and knew we were in California. I didn't think anything of it, I just figured we were here for business in the company's Los Angeles office.

We were all able to sleep during the flight so we were pretty well rested. We were in the limousine for about an hour when I started to wonder exactly how far the Los Angeles office was from the airport. I had never been there but I had heard that the traffic was miserable and it took forever to get anywhere. I was working on my tablet when I sent Joshua an electronically signed copy of the new contract. I would do whatever it took to get more time with him.

It was just about 7:00 AM when we pulled up to this exquisite mansion. I had never seen anything like it in my life. There were massive wrought iron gates separating us and the magnificent home. The driver had to press the buzzer on the intercom to announce our arrival. We were instantly buzzed in and the enormous gates parted allowing our entrance. The driveway leading up to the home must have been 400 feet long. As the limousine pulled up to the front door, my jaw dropped in awe.

The limo slowed to a crawl and I assumed we were picking up a business colleague. Maybe there is an early meeting we all have to get to. But then I remembered Vivienne was with us so I was utterly confused. I looked at Joshua silently asking why we were here. He just gave me an amused smirk as he stepped out of the limo. He offered his hand to help me out and when I stepped outside the limo, what I saw took my breath away. The home was situated on a cliff and the views were stunning. The mansion was enormous and surrounded by statuesque palm trees and what I think were magnolia trees. Lush foliage and gorgeous plants also surrounded the property. There was a swan pond and a magnificent swimming pool fit for a king. To say I was in awe is an understatement. I had never seen a more amazing property in my life.

A man dressed in a butler's uniform met us at the front door.

"Mr. Hunter and Mr. Hunter, welcome back. David will see to it that you and your guests' things are taken to your rooms."

Our rooms?

"Thank you Simon. I would like for you to meet Sarah Vaughn. And you remember Vivienne Worthington."

"Hello Miss. Yes, of course. It is nice to see you again, Ms. Worthington."

Just as we were getting ready to go inside, a stunningly beautiful older woman came rushing outside.

"Oh Joshua! Jake! It's so good to see you!!" She gave them both a huge hug and looked like she didn't want to let them go.

"Hello mother! We're not leaving just yet, you can let go," Joshua chuckled.

Mother?? He could have warned me!

Eleanor "Bunny" Hunter, was a strong, no-nonsense woman. I had done my research on the company when I began my internship and found a small bit of information about her. She was widowed quite a few years ago and leaned on her sons for support and to keep the company thriving. I didn't know that she had moved to California. I was under the impression that she lived in New York.

"Oh, I know. I'm just so happy to see you both!" She glanced at me before pulling away from her sons. "Oh how rude of me! Please introduce me to your guests!"

"Mother, you remember Vivienne." Jake looked slightly annoyed that his mother acted like she didn't recognize her.

Joshua's mother gave Vivienne a cool, dismissive glance.

Uh oh. That can't be good.

"Of course. How nice to see you again dear." The sarcasm literally dripped from her words. Joshua stepped in to smooth things over.

"Mother, I'd like for you to meet Sarah Vaughn, our newest associate."

Joshua's mother beamed at me and reached out to hug me.

"Sarah, it is so nice to finally meet you. I have heard many wonderful things about you dear."

So, Joshua has been talking about me!

"It is so nice to meet you Mrs. Hunter. Your estate is breathtaking."

"Thank you dear, how kind. Oh, and please, call me Bunny."

She seemed to genuinely like me which was an enormous relief. I could feel Vivienne glaring at me, but it wasn't my fault their mother didn't like her.

"Come, come, let's all go inside."

She ushered us into her home and I could not have been prepared for what I was about to see. I had never seen such an opulent home in my life. Not even on television. The entryway had stunning marble floors and was so ornate and beautiful. The foyer's gallery was at least 80 feet long and I felt as though I was in a museum.

"You must all be ravenous. Paul is preparing a wonderful breakfast for us, so why don't you freshen up and then join me in the breakfast nook in 45 minutes."

We all walked up the circular staircase to the second level and followed Joshua down the hall. My room was next to his, and Vivienne and Jake were around the corner in their rooms which were across the hall from one another. Joshua followed me into my room and I turned around to face him. I gave him a light, playful tap on his arm as I whispered to him.

"Why didn't you tell me we were coming to see your mother?!"

He let out a small chuckle. "I wanted to see your natural reaction to meeting her, not a prepared response."

"Well, your mother is lovely."

"She seems to like you." He didn't offer any more information. "We better freshen up and get downstairs. I will knock on your door when we should head down there."

"Okay."

Joshua left and I slowly looked around the room. It was beautiful. My bed was enormous and must have had 10 pillows on it. I went into the adjoining bath to take a shower and it was just gorgeous. There was marble everywhere, huge mirrors, small gourmet soaps and assorted tiny bottles of scented lotion. I felt as if I was in a spa.

After I showered, I put on a casual summer dress and a matching light sweater, and was putting the finishing touches on my makeup when I heard a light tapping on my door.

I hope he thinks I look nice for his mother.

When I opened the door, he did it to me again. He took my breath away. He stood there, tall, gorgeous and strong wearing a white polo and black slacks and I realized something. I had never seen him in casual clothes. You are simply gorgeous. He looked really comfortable and relaxed.

His eyes slowly roamed over my body, taking in my choice of clothes, and I could see the appreciation in his eyes for what I chose to wear. I didn't want to wear anything too casual as I didn't want to offend his mother.

"You look very pretty. Are you ready to go downstairs?"

I was speechless. It was such a nice compliment. Something must be in the water. He's being too nice. I realized I was standing there like an idiot, not saying a word. I cleared my throat and answered him.

"Thank you. Yes, I'm ready."

We were all sitting around the table chatting, when Bunny turned to me.

"Sarah dear, tell me more about yourself. I already know that you are extremely bright, but I'd like to know more about you as a person. What are your interests?"

I could feel my cheeks burning so I am sure they were bright red. The fact that everyone stopped talking to hear what I had to say didn't make it any better.

"Well, I actually am an enormous art lover. I was admiring your gorgeous pieces in the foyer hallway."

"Oh?" Bunny seemed to really perk up. "Do you have a favorite period or a favorite artist? Art is one of my first loves."

I began to relax because I just discovered that Bunny and I had something big in common. I could talk about art for days.

"The Italian Renaissance is my absolute favorite period. I am so fascinated by the artistic explosion that occurred in Italy at the beginning of the 14th century. I don't really have one favorite artist, but I do enjoy the works of several different artists. Of course there are the obvious artists such as Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo. But I also enjoy Botticelli and Titian among many others."

Bunny seemed quite impressed with my answer. Jake chimed in from across the table.

"Sarah, I think you've just made mother's day. To meet another art enthusiast, well, there are no words."

"Sarah dear, later this week I will show you our art gallery. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. So how did you fall in love with art? Have you been to Italy to see the original works?"

"Well, I was always drawn to the art history section in the public library as a child. I used to spend hours reading about different periods of art and looking at pictures. The Italian Renaissance captivated me the most. And Italy? No, unfortunately that has not been in the budget. But, it is definitely on my list of things to do. I hope to be able to go in the next five years."

"I can tell that you are an extremely driven person. I have all faith that you will get to Italy. You simply must. There is no substitute for seeing a beautiful, original piece of art in person."

I glanced over at Joshua and for the first time since I'd met him he looked completely at ease. The conversation turned to the plan for the remainder of the week and I was, thankfully, no longer the center of attention. Joshua, Jake and Bunny talked about the family members that would be arriving later that day. Through their conversation I discovered that Bunny's birthday was this week and that was why we were here. A large celebration was planned for Thursday at the home.

We were wrapping up breakfast when Bunny suggested we all get some rest.

"I am sure you are exhausted from your travels so feel free to nap for a while. We are not expecting guests until two o'clock."

We all retired to our rooms and Joshua told me he would come get me around 1:45 PM.

"If you need anything before then, just come to my room. Get some rest, you will need it." With that, he closed my door as he left.

What did that mean? I wondered how many people I'd be meeting, but then I realized it was best if I didn't know. I would make myself sick with worry if I knew I had a bunch of wealthy people to meet and impress. Whatever happens, happens. Bunny seems to like me so that should help. I climbed into the lush bed and dozed off.

My alarm woke me at 1:30 PM and I quickly freshened up my makeup and fluffed my hair. At 1:45 PM on the dot I heard a light knock on my door. Joshua, Jake and Vivienne came to collect me and we went downstairs to wait for the other guests. I turned to Joshua at the bottom of the stairs.

"Who am I going to be meeting?"

Just then the doorbell rang and he didn't have time to answer me. He walked to the foyer and we all followed him. I felt a hint of nervousness and I took a deep breath and counted to 10.

"Bunny, my love! You look ravishing as always."

A gorgeous man leaned down to kiss Bunny on her cheek. He was tall, had a perfect muscular physique, thick, dark, wavy hair and was extremely good-looking.

Who is that?

"Ethan! Always the charmer!" Bunny gave him a big hug and seemed happy to see him.

He walked over to the four of us and gave Joshua a subtle, challenging stare.

"Well, well. If it isn't the golden boy!" I could hear the disdain in his voice as he plastered a fake smile on his face and hugged Joshua.

Hmmm, something's not right here.

"Golden boy? Hardly Ethan. It's good to see you." Joshua, ever the diplomat, ignored Ethan's snide demeanor and hugged him back.

"Jake, my boy! Good to see you." He seemed less irritated with Jake which I found peculiar.

Jake gave him a hug. "Good to see you as well. You remember Vivienne."

"Of course, gorgeous as ever. Nice to see you again."

I saw Vivienne blush and noticed that she became extremely shy around Ethan. I don't think Jake noticed it, but I did. I wonder if there is some sort of history there? I would have to resume my thoughts later because Joshua was introducing me.

"Ethan, I would like for you to meet Sarah Vaughn, our newest associate. Sarah, this is our cousin, Ethan Hunter."

Cousin? That explains it. Good looks ran deep in this family.

Ethan's dark eyes slowly canvassed my face and then he gently grabbed my hand and lifted it to his lips.

"Enchante." That sexy, smoldering thing must run in the family. "A business colleague at a family function...very unusual. You must be very special. I'm intrigued."

He held my gaze for a little bit too long because I felt my cheeks flush. Boy, he's a charmer! I glanced at Joshua because I could feel his eyes burning a hole right through me. Ethan was flirting with me and Joshua was not happy.

"Where is Emily, Ethan?" Joshua's stern question rang out. He apparently wanted to make it clear that Ethan was taken.

"Oh, you must not have heard. We are no longer together. We called off the wedding."

"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." Joshua actually did sound sorry but I suspected it was for a different reason.

"No worries. There are plenty of beautiful women out there. I'm bound to meet another one." Again, he held my gaze and gave me a quick wink.

Ethan walked over to chat with other guests that had just arrived and I turned to Joshua. I could see the familiar fire in his eyes. I can't help it if your cousin flirted with me! His jealousy was beginning to annoy me. I decided to remain lighthearted and act as if nothing happened.

"Your cousin is quite the character."

"Yes he is. He's also pretty ruthless, so I'd stay away from him if I were you. There is a long history between us. His father was my father's brother and he died before my father did. Ethan is a year older than me and he wanted control of the company after my father died. He would have been CEO if he wasn't such a screw up. Initially, Ethan had a lot of potential and he was first in line to inherit the company. But his hard partying railroaded his success and I was put in charge of the company. Ethan was too much of a liability to us and it was decided that he would take a lesser position in the company. He still has voting rights but he can't make any decisions without my authorization. That's his main problem with me; he feels that I took the company from him. He harbors a lot of resentment toward me and I wouldn't want you to be affected by that."

"How on earth could I be affected by his negative feelings toward you?"

"Because he'll see that I..."

He stopped himself before finishing his sentence.

"Yes? He'll see that you what?" I could feel that he was hiding something and it was time that we started having honest dialogue.

Joshua looked surprised that I pushed a little bit and his eyes searched mine. It looked like he was trying to decide if he should continue. He hesitated and then just jumped ahead of what he was going to say.

"Just stay away from him. He's trouble."

I let out an exasperated sigh. How are we ever going to get to the next level if you don't open up to me?

He shot me a bit of a cold glance. "Is there a problem?"

I hesitated for a few seconds but then answered him. "No, not at all."

We went over to some of the guests that had arrived and Joshua introduced me. I met Bunny's two brothers and her sister and their children. While everyone was very friendly and welcoming, Ethan was the most charismatic of the bunch.

Lunch was going to be served in the backyard so we all headed outside. I decided to strike up a conversation with Vivienne who was acting aloof as always.

"This home is so beautiful, isn't it?"

"It is a beautiful home. My parent's home is similar in size to this one."

"Oh, wow. That must have been amazing growing up in such a nice home."

"It was okay, I suppose." Her snobby attitude did nothing to endear me to her. Ugh, I just don't get what Jake sees in her!

"How big is this home, do you suppose?"

"Jake told me it has 10 bedrooms, 14 bathrooms and is around 48,000 square feet."

"Oh my goodness! That is incredible!" I couldn't help how amazed I was. I had never been anywhere like this before.

Vivienne ignored my enthusiasm and it seemed as if she had something on her mind. "Sarah?"

"Yes?"

"What did you think of Ethan?"

What a strange question. I wonder why she is asking me that.

"Um, well, he certainly knows how to make an entrance!" I wanted to keep my response lighthearted.

"That he does." She chuckled softly to herself but I could see something else was there. "Did you find him charming?"

"Charming?" What was she getting at?

"Yes. Well, I know that you are single, I assume that you are anyway. I thought maybe you might be interested in him." She looked away when I searched her eyes to see what she was talking about. And then it hit me. I see what's going on here. You like him Vivienne. Well isn't this an interesting turn of events? If you're interested in Ethan, why are you hanging on to Jake?

I decided to bait her a little bit to see how much information I could get out of her.

"Oh yes! He was very charming and so handsome. He was very flirtatious with me. Are you asking because he said something to Jake about me? Do you think he may be interested?" I couldn't help but play it up a bit. She was fishing for information for herself and she wanted to make sure no one else was interested in him. Clearly Vivienne had a thing for Ethan. I saw her face fall at my feigned enthusiasm.

She cleared her throat before speaking. "No, he hasn't said anything. I was just curious because you're both single. I thought you might make a nice couple."

I held her gaze until she was visibly uncomfortable. "Really." I set my eyes on her letting her know I knew she was lying.

Her eyes darted away as she looked around for some sort of escape. I decided to let her off the hook for now. I would delve deeper into this situation later.

CHAPTER 2

After we were done eating, I was standing near the pool admiring the hydrangeas when I felt a light touch at the small of my back. I turned to see Joshua standing beside me.

"Are you enjoying yourself?"

I looked into his gorgeous eyes and still couldn't believe this was all real.

"I am having a lovely time. Your mother is so warm and welcoming."

"That's because she likes you. Mother doesn't take very well to women I have brought to meet her." He looked out into the beautiful greenery of Beverly Hills.

What? Is this how he sees this visit? Bringing a girl home to mom is a big deal in my world. I didn't want to make a big deal about what he'd said for fear that he would close himself off again. Joshua was more relaxed than I've ever seen him and he was starting to open up to me.

"I like her too. She's not at all what I expected."

He gave me a curious glance.

"Oh, I don't mean anything bad by that! It's just that this is not my world Joshua." I waved my hand around the beautiful backyard. "I am not used to being surrounded by and submerged in this world of incredible wealth. I guess I imagined your mother would be kind of aloof. But she was so nice to me. She made me feel at ease right away. Can I tell you something?"

"Of course."

"I'm glad you didn't tell me beforehand that I would be meeting her. I would have been a nervous wreck."

"I figured as much. Well, you're probably wondering how long we're going to be here."

"The thought had crossed my mind."

"Mother's birthday is Thursday and we are having a big party for her that night. We'll head back to New York on Saturday."

"Oh, that sounds fun! Is the party going to be here?" I assumed it would be because the house was so enormous.

"Yes. It's going to be in the ballroom."

"There is a ballroom?" I didn't even try to disguise my wonderment.

Joshua chuckled. "Yes, there is." He hesitated and looked at me. "Let me take you on a tour of the home."

I couldn't hide my excitement. I had to admit, I wanted to see the rest of the house but I didn't think it would be appropriate to ask.

As we were walking toward the door to go inside, Bunny came over to us. "Where are you two off to?"

"I thought I'd give Sarah a tour of the house."

"Oh, how nice, darling. Just don't take her to the gallery. That is going to be our special trip tomorrow afternoon." Bunny smiled at me and patted me softly on my arm. "Enjoy the tour dear."

I couldn't get over how nice she was. Joshua seemed to be happy here and I was thoroughly enjoying my time with him. As we strolled through the house I noticed how relaxed he was.

"You seem pretty relaxed here. I know I haven't known you all that long, but I've never seen you this way."

I could tell that my comment caught him off guard. He looked at me and raised an eyebrow. He stopped for a moment but then continued to stroll casually down the hallway.

"You're very observant. I am relaxed here. My family is very important to me and I don't get to see mother that often. She always makes me feel safe, calm and relaxed."

"I can understand why. She's very warm."

"Like I told you, she has never been this way with anyone I've brought to meet her."

Here was my second opportunity to say something about being 'brought home to meet mom' and this time I wasn't going to hold my tongue.

"Joshua, there is a difference between bringing home a woman to meet your mother and bringing home a new business associate who happens to be a woman."

Joshua stopped walking and turned to look at me. His gorgeous eyes smoldered as he held my gaze. He then slowly looked me up and down, lust written all over his face.

"Is there?"

My eyes started blinking and I was completely tongue-tied. My stomach was fluttering and my mouth suddenly went dry. My voice was very small when I finally spoke. I glanced at the floor and then looked into his eyes.

"Well, I think so. Usually when you say you're bringing a woman home to meet your mother there are romantic feelings involved. If you're bringing home a work colleague, it's just about work." My heart was thumping in my chest.

He had a bit of an amused look on his face. He gave me a slight smirk and cocked his head to the side.

"Hmmm, interesting. So, I brought you home to meet my mother. Tell me, which category do you think you fall into?"

My cheeks were on fire. Of course I hoped it was the former, but I wasn't going to kid myself. Joshua was a very powerful and wealthy man who I'm sure had women constantly throwing themselves at him.

"I would just assume the latter." I couldn't even look at him when I said it. I was so nervous in that moment.

"Work colleague?" He searched my eyes and I could see that he wanted to say something. He started to speak and then stopped himself. He reached out and gently smoothed hair out of my eyes. "We should continue with the tour."

I didn't push back for an answer, I just continued walking with him. I felt that in time he would open up to me. I decided to focus on the splendor of the home. It really was incredible. Joshua told me it had an art gallery, a library, a 40 seat movie theater, a dining room that could seat 22 comfortably, and a grand ballroom that could accommodate up to 200 people. 200 people in one room in someone's house! I was definitely in a different world.

When we made our way to the ballroom, I was speechless. The crystal chandeliers sparkled like the night sky filled with stars. It was simply breathtaking. We stood in that room and I closed my eyes and imagined Joshua holding me in his arms, twirling me around. I was completely engulfed in my reverie when Joshua lightly tapped me on the shoulder.

"Earth to Sarah." A soft chuckle escaped from Joshua's lips.

My eyes snapped open as my hands flew to my flushed cheeks. "I'm sorry. I'm just not used to all of this. It's like a fairytale." Did I really just say that fairytale part out loud?

"Well, you'll have a chance to dance in this ballroom at the party on Thursday."

"Oh? Will I?" I couldn't help but flirt with him just a little bit.

"If you're lucky." He winked at me and proceeded with the rest of the tour.

There go the butterflies again.

"Did you buy more than one gown in Dubai?"

I panicked as I realized I had nothing to wear to Bunny's birthday party.

"No, I didn't. What am I going to do? I don't suppose I can wear the same dress I wore to the charity event?" My palms were getting sweaty as I tried to figure out a solution.

Joshua must have seen the panic written all over my face. "Calm down. Don't worry. I will take care of everything."

His gentle tone surprised me but was so comforting. I really loved this sweet side of him. I stood staring at him, my eyes filled with gratitude. I think it made him a little uncomfortable.

"We should probably get back to everyone else. I'm sure they are wondering where we are."

CHAPTER 3

The next morning I was lying in bed thinking about where I was. It was still hard for me to believe this was real. Dinner was pretty wonderful the night before and Bunny's brothers and sister were just as nice as she is. As crazy as it may sound, I felt as if I fit in with this family.

I hopped in the shower, got dressed and was just finishing curling my hair when I heard a light knock at my door. My heart skipped a beat because I knew that it was Joshua coming to get me for breakfast. I opened the door with a big smile on my face and it immediately fell and was replaced by confusion.

Ethan was leaning in my doorway flashing his pearly whites at me.

"Ethan. What are you doing here?"

"I thought I would escort you to breakfast, gorgeous." That sexy smile of yours is not going to work on me. Just as I was about to respond, Joshua appeared at my door.

"Thanks for the offer cousin, but the lady is spoken for." His dark eyes fixed on Ethan's, and his imposing stance sent a clear message to Ethan that he should back off.

"For now." Ethan winked at me as he sauntered off.

Joshua came into my room and closed the door. He turned his fiery gaze on me. "Did you invite him to your room?"

"Of course not! You heard him say he wanted to escort me to breakfast!"

"I told you he's trouble Sarah! Don't encourage him." I could see a flicker of hurt fly across his eyes and I quickly went to him.

"Look at me." I was surprised at how bold I was being with him.

He looked at me, his eyes longingly searching mine. I reached up and gently held his face in my hands. "I am not encouraging him in any way. He is not the..." I stopped myself. I had already said too much and I didn't want to scare him away.

Joshua gently pulled me to him and softly kissed me on the lips. I thought I would melt into his arms. He pulled back slightly, still holding me close and looked into my eyes. He caressed my cheek softly with his finger.

"We should get downstairs for breakfast."

After breakfast everyone was lounging by the pool when Jake came over to me.

"How's my favorite new associate enjoying her visit?"

I giggled at his playful banter. "I am having a great time. This house is incredible and your mother is lovely."

"I think Vivienne is a bit envious of how mother has taken to you." He leaned in to whisper to me. "She has only ever felt this way about one other woman."

I looked at him and knew the answer before I asked.

"Lauren?"

"Yes." His mood darkened for a minute and I think I saw a moment of anger flicker in his eyes. I changed the subject to lighten things up.

"I'm looking forward to the party on Thursday. I saw the ballroom and it was so amazing. You guys really have an incredible life."

Jake looked at me and smiled. There is the friendly face I recognize.

"I'm looking forward to the party as well. Be sure to save a dance for me."

We chatted for a little while longer and then Joshua came over to us. As he was walking toward us I happened to glance to my right and I saw Vivienne and Ethan in what looked like a heated discussion. Something is definitely going on there.

"We have lunch reservations at the country club at 1:00 PM and Jake, we have a tee time of 2:30 PM. Mother wants to go over in about an hour and relax by the pool before lunch."

"Are we all going?" My question probably sounded silly but I had never been to a country club before.

Joshua didn't laugh at my question, he just smiled at me.

"Yes, we're all going. A few of the men are going to play golf after lunch. You're welcome to join us if you'd like."

I had never even played miniature golf. It was sweet that he invited me but I had no desire to play golf. I held my hands up and shook my head.

"No, no. Thank you for the invite but I believe Bunny and I have plans. She is going to show me the gallery today. Well, I suppose I should go change into my suit if we're going to be lounging by the pool for a while."

Joshua's eyes slowly roamed over my body in full view of his brother.

"Yes. A swimsuit is definitely a good idea. You probably want to wear a two-piece."

I couldn't believe he said that in front of Jake! Jake stood there staring out into the hills acting as if he didn't hear anything as Joshua flirted with me. My cheeks were literally burning as he held my gaze.

"I should go get changed." I gave him a slightly flirtatious smile as I started to walk away. "I'll see you both in a bit."

CHAPTER 4

I could tell the country club was filled with rich people the second we got there. They just had a different air about them as if they had not a worry in the world. Joshua totally downplayed the club when describing it to me. It had a beautiful golf course, tennis courts, a pool and spa facilities among many other amenities. To me, this was the kind of place where you would go on vacation.

I felt a little self-conscious in my bikini as I lay by the pool. But Joshua seemed to appreciate what he saw and he even laid in a lounge chair next to me. As we were chatting, Vivienne walked by in her bikini. Her skinny body was perfect, not an ounce of fat anywhere, and most of the men openly gawked at her as she walked by. Yeah, that makes me feel really good about myself. I silently chastised myself for having that extra muffin at breakfast that morning.

"I've always thought a woman should look, and feel, like a woman." Joshua's comment completely put me at ease. I don't know if he sensed my insecurity, but what he said made me feel good. "Like you, for instance. Your body is perfect to me. Curves in all the right places."

His voice was low and sexy as he whispered the last part to me and I felt myself becoming aroused. It was broad daylight and we were in a public place and Joshua was turning me on! I couldn't help but flirt back.

"I'm glad you like what you see." I gave him a subtle smile.

His voice was low and gravelly and his beautiful, dark eyes were filled with pure sex as they slowly roamed over my body before fixating on my eyes. "What I see, what I have seen, what I've touched, what I've tasted..."

My stomach fluttered uncontrollably as I felt the wetness between my legs. I wanted to straddle him right there but I couldn't because there were way too many people around. I looked directly at him.

"You can have it all again whenever you want."

The desire in his eyes was overpowering. He quickly looked around and I could tell he was trying to think of something but I didn't know what. He grabbed the towel off of the back of his chair and as he wrapped it around his waist I could see that he was aroused.

"Come with me."

"Where are we going?" I tried to hide my excitement at whatever it was Joshua had in mind.

"We're going for a walk."

As we walked past Bunny, Joshua told her he was taking me on a tour of the club.

"Be sure to cover up and put on a shirt dear. Don't forget lunch is in a little over an hour."

"Yes mother. We'll be back by then."

Joshua grabbed his shirt from his bag and I put on my cover-up which looked like a summer dress. He walked with purpose to the spa facilities and when we ducked inside one of the empty rooms, he locked the door behind us.

Joshua leaned against the door and looked at me with lust brimming over in his eyes. He reached out, pulled me to him and his hand gently caressed my face.

"You are so beautiful."

I knew I wasn't a conventional beauty but he made me feel gorgeous. My insides began to flutter as I let go and surrendered to my feelings for him. I reveled in every caress. I lifted his shirt off over his head, surprised at my bold gesture. His chiseled chest muscles rippled under my fingers as my hands roamed over his perfect physique.

His hand grasped the back of my neck, untying my bikini top, holding me tight. His eyes searched mine before his lips crushed mine, desperately searching. A small moan escaped my lips as he reached down to the hem of my cover-up and slowly slid his hand up my thigh and pulled it off over my head.

"Are you wet for me?"

Constantly. My breathing became erratic as his fingers inched toward my bikini bottom. He pulled the string open on the side and as it fell to the floor, he pulled me over to the massage table.

"Lie down on your back and spread your legs for me."

I opened my legs to give him better access. I felt his fingers graze over my aching core, I was so wet for him. I grabbed his shoulders and threw my head back as my body shuddered against his touch. He rubbed his thumb over my hardened bud as his other hand squeezed my ass. A soft moan escaped my lips as he pressed a finger inside of me. He pulled me tighter to him as his finger went deeper. My fingers dug into his arms as I moaned, my body suffused with desire. His lips trailed down my neck as his free hand kneaded the soft flesh of my breast. His thumb massaged my nipple and then his mouth dipped down and captured it. His tongue rolled over the stiffened nub as I arched my body toward him, desperate to get closer.

His finger caressed my inner walls while his thumb rubbed over the sensitive bud between my legs. I writhed around, my breath coming in pants. His other hand rolled my nipple between his thumb and forefinger, gradually pinching, increasing the pressure. I moaned helplessly, tilting my h*ps against his fingers. He slowly pushed another finger inside me, caressing places I never knew were so sensitive. His fingers sped up their pace delving between folds while caressing my inner walls. My body was bucking and shaking against his touch as I moaned wildly.

"You like that don't you? You're so f**king sexy," his husky voice whispered in my ear as he pinched my nipple harder. I gripped his hand with my thighs which were wet with my own juices as his fingers steadily increased their pace. His thumb pressed harder against my swollen bud and started rubbing relentlessly. I grabbed the sheets with my hands, wringing them as my body began to lose control.

"I want to feel you come." His sexy voice was the last bit I needed. My orgasm rocked my body as I shuddered and bucked against his fingers. I held a vise-like grip on the sheets as the waves of pleasure washed over me. I was panting for air as I came down from my erotic high and Joshua grabbed my bikini off of the floor.

"Close your eyes."

I did as I was told and he wrapped my bikini top over my eyes.

"Roll over."

I did and he had me put my hands above my head. The next thing I felt was Joshua tying my hands together to the neck of the massage table. It felt like he used my bikini bottom to bind me. He straddled me and let out a soft groan as he slowly glided his fingertips down my spine. I pushed my h*ps back against him wanting to have more contact. He left a trail of tiny kisses down my back as he kneaded my bu**ocks. I was desperate for more contact as I moaned with abandon and strained to press against his hard member.

A soft groan escaped his lips as he kissed his way down to my cheeks. The glorious feel of his tongue sent tingles all over my skin. He licked up and down until he made his way to the center. I felt him spread my cheeks, kissing each one before his tongue dove into the center. His tongue licked up the crease and then circled my sensitive puckered hole before pressing its way in. I moaned loudly, my wrists twisting against the restraints as my body quivered unabashedly.

I felt the padded table shift under his weight as he hopped off to grab something and hopped right back on again. I heard the condom wrapper and I knew what was coming. He must carry those things around with him everywhere.

"I'm always prepared. Lift that sweet ass up a little bit." His voice was low and gravelly in my ear. My juices were trickling down my inner thighs as I did what he said. Seconds later, he parted my ass cheeks and I felt his thick, hard length press its way into my tight, intimate opening. I moaned as he slowly pushed his way in. He wrapped a strong arm around me, continuing to slide inside me. He held me tight as he slowly started to slide out then in, stretching the sensitive skin. The sensation was almost too much but I wanted more as I pushed back against him wanting to take him deeper. I was panting and moaning uncontrollably as he moved in and then out repeatedly.

"Sexy Sarah, you're so f**king hot," he murmured in my ear, lust coursing through his voice. His thrusts were harder now and I surged forward with each thrust, my wrists delectably bound to the neck of the massage table. One hand reached down between my legs and rubbed my swollen bud relentlessly.

"This is all mine. Say it!" He thrust into me harder and I cried out.

"This is all yours," I panted.

"Say my name!" He was pounding into me now, rubbing my cl*t mercilessly. My orgasm was right on the edge.

"Joshua." I could barely get his name out.

"Louder!" I bucked wildly against his powerful thrusts, writhing against his fingers when I felt a finger press inside my aching core. That threw me over the edge as I screamed out his name.

"Joshua!" My orgasm exploded throughout my body, making me shudder and quake underneath him. Just as I collapsed onto the table, Joshua tightened his grip on my waist and thrust into me a few more times before letting out a loud grunt, shuddering against my back, coming inside me.

We both collapsed on the table, exhausted and panting for air. He rolled off of me, untied my wrists, and stood leaning halfway over the massage table, still trying to catch his breath. I rolled over and he looked at me and caressed my cheek.

"That was amazing."

I smiled at him. "Yes it was."

He smiled at me and then looked at the clock. "We should head back. It's almost time for lunch."

We quickly freshened up and carefully opened the door and left, making sure no one saw us leaving the massage room.

As we walked back to the pool area, I felt so happy. I wish we could have just stayed together for the rest of the day. I felt so at ease talking with Joshua. I was really falling for him and there was nothing I could do to stop it. He must feel something for me. This can't really just be about power and sex, can it?

When we joined everyone back at the pool, they were just getting ready to go to the dining room for lunch.

"Perfect timing you two. Sarah, did you enjoy the tour dear?"

I saw Vivienne give me a snotty smirk and I noticed that Ethan looked a bit upset. What is his problem?

"I did Bunny. The club is magnificent. One day I will have to learn how to play golf so that I can take advantage of this beautiful golf course."

Joshua spoke so that only I could hear him.   "Oh. Are you planning on returning here one day?"

I felt slightly embarrassed. I didn't want him to think I was presuming anything but I wasn't going to play his little game. It was time we started speaking honestly. I looked directly at him and did not bat one eye.

"I hope to come back here one day. I am having a wonderful time."

He hesitated and then gave me a quick wink and a smile. "I'd say the odds are in your favor."

Did he really just say that to me? I had to quickly compose myself and refrain from flinging my arms around him. I was happy we were headed to the dining room. Lunch was a welcome distraction.

CHAPTER 5

After lunch, Joshua, Jake, Ethan and a couple of the men left for their 2:30 tee time. Everyone else went back to Bunny's house. I told Bunny I was tired and I was going to take a quick nap. She wanted to show me the gallery later in the afternoon and said she would come to my room to get me in a couple of hours.

I took a quick shower and then lay in bed and thought of Joshua's soft kisses and caresses. For such a rigid man, he really has a soft side. I was in such a state of bliss as I dozed off to sleep.

A couple of hours later I was awakened by a light knock on my door. Bunny! I must have been exhausted because I slept through my alarm. I hopped out of bed and quickly grabbed my brush.

"Coming!" I quickly tore the brush through my hair and grabbed my sundress out of the closet. I made myself presentable and opened the door.

"I hope I didn't wake you." Bunny was so sweet.

"Oh, not at all. I was brushing my teeth and must not have heard you when you first knocked." I felt a little guilty telling the small fib.

"I would love to show you the gallery. Would you like to see it now?"

"I would love to Bunny. I've been looking forward to it since you first mentioned it."

We walked downstairs to the gallery and the moment I stepped inside I was transfixed. Bunny had original works of Botticelli, Titian and Giotti among other artists I did not know proudly displayed on the walls.

"You love the Italian Renaissance also I see. These paintings are simply magnificent Bunny."

"Thank you dear. It was such a nice surprise to hear that this is your favorite period also. I knew there was something I liked about you. You're a very bright girl with a good head on her shoulders, I like that."

I was so flattered that she liked me. This wealthy and powerful woman, the mother of the man I cared for, liked me.

We slowly walked around in silence as we admired the artwork. I was standing in front of a work by Titian, studying the details, when Bunny walked over to me.

"This is one of my favorite pieces. I bought this when Joshua stepped in and took over the company after his father passed away. He became a man that day and this picture expresses that sentiment to me. Joshua has always been very sensitive you know. It is difficult to know that because he has such a tough exterior. But once you get to know him, you'll see the softer side." Bunny turned to look at me. "I suppose you've already seen that side of him." She looked back at the painting. "You wouldn't be here if he hadn't opened up to you in some way. I know my son. I can see that he cares for you. I have never seen him happier. When my sons are happy then I am happy." She turned to me again and looked me in the eye. "Be patient with him Sarah. He is not the type who openly expresses himself right away. It takes time for him. When he does decide to express his feelings for you, one thing is for sure. He will not waver, there will be no games."

Bunny hesitated and then lightly touched my arm. "I just ask one thing of you."

I looked at her, silently asking what she wanted.

"If he decides to give his heart to you, please protect it and cherish it with everything you have."

I was stunned speechless with the entire talk we just had... well, she had. I just listened. Bunny basically told me to wait patiently for Joshua to express his feelings for me. I really didn't know how to react but I was starting to feel extremely giddy. She seems to approve of me! Can this be real?

As I stood there dazed, not knowing what to say, Bunny looked at her watch.

"Shall we go join the others? The boys should be back from their golf game soon."

As we walked out of the gallery, I realized that I would probably remember that conversation for the rest of my life.

CHAPTER 6

The next day I woke up in a panic because I remembered that the party was the next night and I didn't have anything to wear. I quickly showered, walked over to Joshua's room and knocked on his door. When he opened the door he literally, once again, took my breath away. There he stood, hair tousled all over his head, bare chest, wearing just pajama bottoms looking sexy as ever. For a second I forgot why I was there. He smiled at me as I stood there tongue-tied.

"This is a nice surprise. Are you coming to get me for breakfast?"

"Yes, I suppose so. But I'm really here because I don't have anything to wear for the party tomorrow night." I was whispering because I didn't want anyone to hear me.

Joshua pulled me inside and closed the door.

"Don't worry Sarah. That's already been taken care of. You will receive a delivery this afternoon and you have a nice selection of gowns to choose from."

I was being so spoiled and I was starting to really like it. I enjoyed the luxuries I had been experiencing. And why not? This was a once-in-a-lifetime thing and I wanted to enjoy every minute of it.

"Thank you Joshua. I don't know how I will ever repay you for this experience."

"Just work hard and make partner. That will be thanks enough."

He held my gaze and this time I saw a new look in his eyes. I saw tenderness in his gaze as he looked at me.

"Well, I should hop in the shower. You're welcome to stay and wait if you'd like."

I decided to wait in his room for him and he seemed happy that I did because he whistled on the way to the shower. I was watching the morning news when Joshua emerged, a towel wrapped around his waist, water still glistening on his skin. My eyes roamed slowly over his delicious body. Dammit he is so gorgeous. Oh the things I'd like to do to you right now.

He caught me looking at him and gave me a sexy smirk. He walked over to me and leaned down to whisper in my ear. The smell of fresh soap and coconut scented shampoo flooded my nostrils.

"I guess you like what you see." He stood back and winked to me, grabbed his underwear from the bureau, and retreated to the dressing area. I could feel my cheeks flush as he teased me. Butterflies danced in my belly as I thought of how perfect things felt between us. I loved being there with him. After he got dressed we made our way down to the breakfast nook and joined everyone there.

Later that day I was chatting with Jake and Vivienne by the pool when Joshua told me a delivery had just arrived for me. I went to my room and there were two full racks of designer dresses for me to choose from. I stood with my hand over my mouth completely amazed. What has he done? A couple of minutes later I was still standing there looking at the dresses when Joshua sidled up beside me. I turned to look at him, gratitude filling my eyes.

"Joshua, I don't know what to say. These are all so beautiful, thank you."

"I want you to feel comfortable tomorrow night and I know that if you like what you're wearing you will be." He turned to close my door and then sat down in a chair.

"Try them on." His words were a command.

"Now?"

"Yes. I want to see each dress on you."

I chose the first dress on the rack and turned to go change in the dressing area.

"No, Sarah."

I stopped in my tracks and turned to look at him, his steady stare unflinching.

"Try them on in front of me."

I felt self-conscious because he had never seen my body in such bright conditions. The sun was beaming into my room and Joshua would be able to see every flaw. My heart was pounding as I undressed in front of him and tried on the first dress.

"Do you like it?" My question hung in the air unanswered as his eyes roamed over my body.

"Next dress." His terse tone shocked me and even annoyed me a little bit. He can be such a jerk sometimes.

We went through this routine for each dress, and each time Joshua still did not answer me. Finally, on dress number 18, he said something. It was a dark pink strapless Valentino full-length gown. It hugged me in all the right places and it was my favorite so far.

"That's it. That's the one." Joshua got up, walked over to me and led me to the full-length mirror. He stood behind me as we looked in the mirror together.

"This is beautiful on you Sarah. You look stunning." His warm breath on my neck sent tingles down my back. "One of the best hairstylists and make-up artists in the Beverly Hills will be here tomorrow to help you get ready."

He turned me around to face him. He slowly ran a finger down my arm and leaned in to whisper to me. "I am going to have my eye on you all night. Remember, you belong to me."

I looked him right in the eye and said the words I knew he wanted to hear.

"Yes sir."

CHAPTER 7

My hairstylist did a beautiful job and my makeup artist was putting the finishing touches on my lipstick when there was a knock at my door. She opened the door for me and Joshua stood there looking gorgeous and dashing in his tuxedo. He was perfection head to toe. So beautiful. I was really looking forward to this party.

"You look beautiful Sarah." I saw the guarded yearning in his eyes and wanted to put my arms around him.

I smiled at him wishing so badly we could be a real couple. I'll just have to cherish the time we have together.

"Thank you." I started to feel nervous as he held his gaze on me and my throat felt dry. We had to get to the party or I was going to want to attack him right there in front of my makeup artist.

"Shall we go?" Joshua held out his arm for me and I happily put mine through his. As we walked down the winding staircase to the party, I felt so beautiful standing beside Joshua. My gown fell perfectly around my feet as I glided down the stairs. Vivienne was the first person I saw as we joined the party and she looked green with envy.

"Sarah, how lovely you look." Her forced smile did not fool me. I can fake it too sweetheart.

"You're too kind Vivienne. You look stunning, I love your dress." I flashed her a smile that should have won an award. "Where is Jake?"

"Did I hear my name?" He leaned down to kiss me on my cheek. "Sarah, you take my breath away. You look gorgeous."

Jake was so sweet and I could see that Vivienne was nearly pouting. She's boring and a brat? I don't know how he deals with that.

"Jake you're too sweet. Thank you kind sir." I gave him a mock curtsy as he chuckled at me. Vivienne was now seething.

"Joshua, dashing as always."

"I can say the same thing to you my favorite brother."

"Your only brother," Jake chuckled.

I really enjoyed the comfortable banter between them and it was evident that they cared about each other. No sibling rivalry at all. It was so refreshing.

"Shall we go find mother?" Joshua led the way as we all walked over to Bunny.

"Happy birthday mother! You don't look a day over 35." Joshua leaned down and kissed her on the cheek.

"Yes mother, you are ageless and you look beautiful. Happy birthday!" Jake leaned down and gave his mother a kiss.

Bunny was beaming with pride.

"My two handsome sons. I'm so happy you're here to celebrate with me." She gave them a big hug. As she stepped back, she glanced at Vivienne.

"Vivienne." That's all she said! Wow, she really does not like that girl!

"Happy birthday Bunny." Vivienne looked embarrassed.

Then Bunny looked at me and a huge smile spread across her face.

"Sarah, you look absolutely beautiful! Thank you so much for being here." Bunny gave me a big hug.

"Thank you Bunny. I am so happy to be here to celebrate with you. Happy birthday!"

"Please help yourselves to refreshments. The waiters are making their way around the ballroom with trays of hors d'oeuvres and glasses of wine and champagne. I must go mingle with the guests!" And off she went. Bunny looked like such a social butterfly and she seemed very happy.

I turned to Joshua and Jake. "Your mother seems to be in her element."

"She loves to entertain. I think throwing parties is her favorite past time."

"Well, well, well, if it isn't the golden boy and his groupies."

Ethan's sarcastic voice rang out behind us. As we turned Joshua put his hand on the small of my back. Ethan was sneering at Joshua. Even with that nasty look on your face you are so damned good-looking. This family has incredible genes!

I could feel Joshua stiffen. I looked up at him and his jaw was clenched, his face like stone.

"Ethan. I hope you're staying out of trouble." Joshua's tone was cordial yet firm as he shook his hand.

"Of course dear cousin. I wouldn't dare start any trouble at my adoring aunt's birthday party."

I could see that Ethan's cocky smirk put Joshua on edge. Jake stepped in to smooth things over.

"Ethan, let's go grab a drink."

Ethan seemed to be placated by Jake and he walked off with him to the bar.

"Ethan is not so bad Joshua."

Both Joshua and I were shocked to hear Vivienne come to his defense. I couldn't help but say something.

"Oh really, Vivienne? Because I just saw a very rude display. Do you know him very well?" My eyes captured hers as she tried to look away. Oh no, no missy. You're not getting out of this one.

She stumbled over her words as she tried to downplay her relationship with him. "No, not that well. I've seen him at family functions and he's always been kind to me. I think he's a nice person and doesn't mean any harm. That's all I meant by that."

I decided to let her off the hook but Joshua wanted to add one more thing to no one in particular. "Ethan needs to learn his place and stay there. His mouth is going to get him into real trouble one day."

Vivienne looked very uncomfortable and excused herself to the ladies' room.

I tried to comfort Joshua. "Don't let him get to you. You told me he has animosity toward you so just ignore him."

"I wish it was that easy. He works for the company so I have to see him all the time. Mother insisted that he have a senior-level position, so when we took over, Jake, myself, and Ethan became automatic partners in the company. That was the one case of partners not having to earn their position. Since we had to run the company mother felt that dad and my uncle would have wanted all of us to run it together. But like I told you, Ethan got sloppy and partied too much. So his voting power was reduced drastically. But he still has personal interaction with clients and he does bring in new business, so I am forced to put up with him and his antics." He stopped and looked at me with those gorgeous eyes.

"You know what? You look beautiful, and we are at this wonderful party. We shouldn't be wasting time talking about Ethan. Would you like to dance?"

There were the butterflies again. You'll probably affect me like this forever.

"I would love to dance with you."

Everyone in the room melted away the minute he pulled me into his arms. As we moved to the music, our bodies pressed together and I let out a soft sigh as I laid my head on his shoulder. I wish I could have frozen that perfect moment in time. I want to stay like this with you forever. There it was. I finally gave in to my feelings for Joshua. I decided to completely embrace my feelings for him realizing I would just have to take a chance that he had real feelings for me also. This was more than a contract. I wanted so badly to tell him how I felt but I didn't want to scare him away. His thumb slowly rubbed my back and he pulled me tighter to him. I could feel his erection as our bodies molded together. We stayed like that until the song ended and then Joshua held the back of my hand to his lips and kissed it. He looked at me, his eyes smiling at me.

"Thank you for the dance. I'm going to the restroom and when I get back we can go mingle. I will introduce you to some of mother's friends."

"Okay, I will be here waiting." I smiled at him as he walked away. This night could not be more perfect.

I was fluffing my hair when I felt a hand touched my arm.

"Would you like to dance?" Jake was smiling down at me.

"I would love to."

As we were dancing, I decided to find out where his head was regarding Vivienne. "So tell me, how are things with Vivienne?"

"Moving right along, I suppose. Although, I think she has something going with Ethan." He was completely unfazed.

"Are you serious?" I knew something was going on there.

"Pretty sure. I've noticed that they've been spending a lot of time together. Honestly, I don't care. That probably means something, huh? Indifference is worse than getting angry in my book because when you're angry that means that you still care on some level. You know what Sarah? I've been doing a lot of thinking since we talked. You had a lot of valid points and I think I might end things with Vivienne pretty soon."

Good for you Jake. "Well, I just want you to be happy. Life is too short not to be."

We were just finishing our dance when Ethan appeared. "May I cut in? I'd like a chance to twirl around with the belle of the ball."

I looked around for Joshua but didn't see him anywhere. I didn't want to be rude so I indulged him. Jake looked at me and raised his eyebrows, silently asking if it was okay if he cut in. I looked at him and nodded. He then stepped aside and Ethan stepped in and pulled me a little too close. We glided across the floor effortlessly.

"You can relax your grip on me anytime now." Annoyance was bleeding into my voice.

"I just want to be close to the girl who seems to have captured my cousin's heart." I stiffened in his arms, irritated that I was intrigued by what he was saying. I've captured Joshua's heart? He pulled me closer and whispered in my ear. "Relax."

I tried to push away from him but he held me tight as he twirled me across the floor. I fixed my steely gaze on him and pursed my lips. Amusement danced in his eyes as a smirk tipped up the corners of his mouth. "Now, now, calm down. I would just like to dance with you. The Hunter brothers aren't the only ones allowed to do so, are they?" He looked at me and had the most obnoxious look on his face. My expression must have given something away. "Oh, wait a minute! Has my dear cousin Joshua captured your heart as well?" His hand started to slide down over my backside.

My body completely stiffened as I grabbed his hand and stopped him. "If you move that hand one more inch, I will break every one of your fingers!" I quietly spat out the angry words as I did not want to make a scene. My words must have caught Ethan off guard because he relaxed his grip on me. The moment he did, I pushed away from him. "We're done here."

As I turned to walk off of the dance floor, I was relieved to see Joshua but his piercing eyes were shooting me an accusatory look. I walked up to him and Ethan was trailing right behind me.

"Joshua, dear cousin, your companion is an excellent dancer." He lowered his voice and taunted Joshua with his next words. "She really knows how to move that sexy body."

Joshua's face turned beet red with anger. I whipped my head around, staring daggers at Ethan. Joshua jumped in to speak before I had a chance, his eyes ablaze. "You are still the snake you have always been. You're lucky we're at my mother's birthday party or..."

"Or what? You would hit me, beat me up? I'd like to see you try." He snickered as if it was impossible.

"I would wax the floor with that smug face of yours." Joshua spat out the words through clenched teeth.

The two men stared at each other like caged animals. I decided to step in. "This is not the place for this!" I hissed in a low voice. The stern tone seemed to snap them out of their testosterone induced standoff. "Ethan, just go. Go find Vivienne." He was visibly shocked when I mentioned her name. Yes, I know something is going on there. He didn't question my knowing look. He just sauntered off.

Joshua turned his fiery gaze toward me.

"I told you not to encourage him Sarah!" He tried to remain composed as the veins in his neck strained to be free. I turned to him with an apologetic look and was going to try to explain that it was Ethan who was inappropriate with me, when I heard someone tap a microphone.

"Attention! Attention everyone!" I heard Jake's voice. "I would like to ask my brother to come join me on stage." It was near the end of the night so I assumed they were going to give a speech to Bunny.

Joshua looked torn between reprimanding me and going to fulfill his familial obligation. I could see the angst on his face as he started to walk away. "I'll be back." His gruff tone left no doubt that he was serious.

"Ah, here he is." Joshua joined Jake on stage at the front of the room. "We would like to thank everyone for coming tonight to celebrate our beautiful mother's birthday."

I could see Joshua trying to compose himself as he sought me out in the crowd and prepared to speak. He looked a bit distracted but was able to pull it together in time for his portion of their speech. As they continued speaking, I felt a hand on my waist. I quickly turned to see Ethan at my side.

"Go away Ethan." I was getting bored with his antics.

"I didn't want to be rude and not say goodbye before I left." His fingers grazed my backside and I immediately lashed out. I reached behind my back and grabbed his hand giving his wrist hard twist. He quickly snatched it away, chuckling as he shook his wrist. "Fiery, I like that!" His warm breath in my ear did nothing but make me want Joshua by my side. I rolled my eyes at him, ignoring him.

"Oh, you think you're too good for me? That you're better than me?" His tone turned nasty.

I held his gaze and gave him a withering look. "That's the difference between you and me Ethan. I don't think I'm better than anyone." I turned my attention back to Joshua up on stage only to see his icy stare fixed on me. Great.

"Hmmm, he's watching you like a hawk. You must have cast a spell on him." He ran a finger down my bare shoulder and I flinched away from him. I turned to see Joshua glaring right at us and chills ran down my body.

"I will bid you adieu for now my sweet. Until we meet again." He then leaned in close and planted a quick kiss on my cheek, just as Joshua and Jake finished their speech.

Joshua strode toward me, his face like stone as he held my elbow and steered me through the crowd. "You should say goodnight to mother." His voice was firm and I didn't protest. I just allowed him to guide me across the room toward Bunny.

"Bunny, I wanted to come say goodnight. Your party was wonderful. I hope you had a nice birthday." I did my best to give her a genuine smile as the knots were tightening in my stomach.

"I had a wonderful birthday dear. Thank you so much for being here." Bunny gave me a hug and smile as she said goodnight.

Joshua kissed his mother goodnight and then turned his icy gaze on me. "Let's go."

CHAPTER 8

He walked out of the ballroom, down a long hall and then outside. I walked behind him not daring to speak, wondering where we were going. We walked to the guesthouse that was on the opposite side of the property. Joshua unlocked the door and as soon as we stepped inside he locked it behind us.

He turned to face me and I definitely saw hurt in his eyes which then quickly turned to desire. He reached out to caress my cheek as he entwined his fingers in my hair and slowly pulled me to him for a sensual kiss. He did nothing but kiss me for a full minute. My arms reached up around his neck as I let out a soft moan. This is so perfect. You are so perfect. His hand trailed along my neck down over my shoulder to my hand where we intertwined fingers. Joshua brought our hands behind his back and slowly let go as my hand stayed around his waist. His lips lightly trailed along my neck as both of his hands moved down over my hips. He turned me around, unzipped my dress and it fell to the floor and I stepped out of it. I stood there wearing nothing but a thong, thigh high stockings and heels. No bra with the strapless dress tonight.

I felt Joshua behind me and he let out a soft groan as his hands came around and cupped my br**sts. He pressed his body against me and I could feel his hard length through the fabric of his pants in between my cheeks. His lips pressed against my neck as I leaned back against him. I was basking in my bliss when he suddenly spun me around and pressed me against the wall. Fire flickered across his eyes. Why is he suddenly upset?

"Did you enjoy having Ethan's hands touching your body?" He ground out the words as his fingers lightly pinched my ni**les. The sensation sent tingles shooting throughout my body and I could feel the wetness between my legs soaking my panties.

"No sir."

His hand slid between my thighs and his fingers grazed the outside of my panties. My breath caught as he traced the edge of my panties between my legs.

"Spread your legs." The words were not a request. I widened my stance and he slipped a finger inside my panties lightly rubbing my clit. My belly tightened as I grab his arms and let out a loud moan.

"Did you like his hands on your ass?" He pulled off my panties and I quickly stepped out of them. His fingers began to probe my core and I could not stand still.

"No sir." The words struggled to get out as my body quivered at his touch, my breath now coming in pants.

"I am the only man allowed to have you. No other man can touch you, do you understand?" His fingers delved in between my folds and a finger pressed inside my tender opening. My body quaked as it reveled in the sensation provoked by his fingers.

"Yes, I understand." I could barely speak as I tried to catch my breath, my fingers now digging into his arms as I struggled to remain standing. He slid another finger inside me, manipulating my inner walls. I bucked against his fingers, my body writhing against the wall.

"Yes, what?" He murmured the words as he leaned in closer to me.

"Yes, sir." My body began to pulse as I felt the beginnings of the waves of pleasure.

"Don't ever forget it." His thumb rubbed my aching bud, quickly increasing pressure and frequency. I could no longer hold back as my orgasm started to make its way to the surface.

"Look at me, Sarah." His voice was filled with passion. I locked eyes with him, lust brimming over. His thumb rubbed my swollen bud faster as his fingers stroked my inner walls. "Come for me." His deep sexy voice coupled with his deft fingers put me over the edge. My orgasm flew to the surface, my body shuddering uncontrollably. I clutched his arms as I cried out, and the energy was sucked from my body. I fell limp against Joshua, thankful the wall was there to help hold me up as I tried to catch my breath.

Joshua leaned in to kiss me and then pulled back and looked at me. His eyes searched mine, the familiar longing clearly visible. "You are so f**king sexy." I pulled him to me covering his mouth with a scorching kiss. I wrapped my arms around his neck, my fingers combing through his beautiful, thick hair. I don't want this to end.

He put one hand under each butt cheek and lifted me up as I wrapped my legs tightly around his waist. He walked me to the bedroom and laid me down on the bed. He quickly took off his clothes and climbed on top of me. His chiseled frame was perfection. His touch, rougher now, had a sense of urgency and need. His hands ran over my br**sts squeezing them, before sliding down my h*ps and underneath me to my bu**ocks. I lifted my h*ps off the bed giving him better access. A soft groan escaped his lips as he squeezed my full globes. He leaned down to whisper in my ear and his deep, husky voice sent chills down my spine.

"Turn over."

I did as I was told and my stomach fluttered uncontrollably in anticipation of the pleasure I was about to experience. Joshua started lightly kissing down my back. I know where this is going. Oh yeah. I let out a soft moan as he kissed one cheek and then the other. "You drive me crazy." He muttered the words as his hands kneaded my backside. My inner thighs were moist with my own juices. I heard the drawer of the bureau open. He must have planned on us being here. I figured he was getting the condom ready for our backdoor play. I heard the squirt of the lube but I didn't hear the condom wrapper. I felt a hard rubber object slide down the crease before rubbing around the small puckered hole. Joshua slowly pushed it inside and I moaned at the sensation of the sensitive skin being slowly spread apart. The object stretched me, slowly moving deeper into me. Joshua pressed it in at a snail's pace, being careful not to hurt me. The pressure it created was surprisingly erotic. My body was responding in ways I hadn't thought possible. Small moans constantly escaped my lips. Finally, the object was all the way in and Joshua slowly turned me over.

"You like that, don't you?" His sexy eyes smoldered as they roamed over my body.

I nodded eagerly as I slowly writhed on the bed.

"Open your legs for me." His sultry tone caused the butterflies to flutter uncontrollably in my stomach. My wetness trickled down my inner thighs as my core was aching to be filled. I trembled with desire as I spread my legs open. Joshua slid his hands underneath my ass as his face dipped down, his tongue licking my sensitive folds and tender opening. He flicked his tongue over my hard bud and then flattened his tongue rubbing back and forth with increasing pressure. I was unable to remain still as my body squirmed under his touch. He turned the butt plug slightly and my body tensed at the increased pleasure. I glanced down and noticed his hard member was nearly tapping his lower stomach. I pulled him toward me and reached out to wrap my hand around his throbbing member. My tongue rolled over the bulbous tip and down his rigid length. I ran my tongue back up to the tip and sucked him into my mouth. Joshua's hands were now on my head, his fingers gripping my hair. I took him all the way in, the tip tickling the back of my throat and I heard his breath catch. I gently cupped his balls as my mouth and tongue continued to pleasure him, my head bobbing up and down. His body stiffened as he let out a loud groan and he quickly pushed me away, his member leaving my mouth with a soft popping sound.

Joshua reached down and pulled me beneath him, the movement reminding me of the plug's presence inside me. He spread my legs with his thigh as his lips covered mine in a searing kiss, his hand coming down to crush my breast. I wrapped my arms around him, fingers combing through his thick hair. His hard, thick member pressed against my aching core, parting the folds. I pushed back against him, wrapping my legs around him, taking him in deeper. The butt plug created a delicious pressure against my inner back walls, sending titillating sensations throughout my body. He slowly moved in and out of me, gradually moving faster. He rolled my nipple between his thumb and forefinger, gradually pinching harder, his thrusts faster now. My fingers dug into his shoulders as he pounded me into the mattress. I clenched my thighs around him, moaning loudly as he hammered into me over and over. I raked my nails down his back as the sensation of the pressure from the butt plug together with the glorious pounding I was receiving stirred the beginning of my orgasm.

Joshua grazed his lips along my ear. "I want to feel you come." His deep gravelly voice was infused with passion and was the catalyst that pushed me over the edge. My orgasm rocketed to the surface, and I let out a loud cry as my body erupted with sensation. I bucked wildly against him, as my body shuddered uncontrollably. I collapsed onto the bed and he removed the plug and laced his fingers through mine as I panted for air. He continued to thrust harder, faster, deeper inside me until he grunted and let out a loud groan. His body shuddered on top of me as he came. He stayed on top of me for a minute before rolling off of me and collapsing beside me on the bed. I was in a complete state of bliss. My body had never experienced such erotic and sensual sensations all at once before. I liked the toy we used.

I was lying on my back and turned my head sideways to look at him. You are so beautiful. I don't want this to ever end. We laid there in silence for a few minutes.

He turned to look at me, his eyes crinkled in the corners as he smiled at me. His smile fell softly as a more serious look came across his face. He reached out to smooth the hair out of my eyes. "Sweet Sarah. You are so beautiful." Butterflies fluttered everywhere. He turned on his side and propped himself up on his elbow, head resting in his hand and looked at me. He hesitated before he spoke. "Did you enjoy yourself here this week?"

I turned on my side to face him and smiled. "I did. I really did."

He hesitated again before speaking and looked down at the mattress before searching my eyes. "I want to apologize for my behavior regarding Ethan. I should not have blamed you."

I was completely shocked. You're actually apologizing to me? Shock turned to appreciation as I realized what it must have taken for him to do that. "Thank you for that."

"So, did you enjoy your time with mother in the gallery?"

"I did. She is such a lovely woman Joshua, and it was so nice to meet someone who shares the same love of art that I do. Thank you for introducing me to her."

Appreciation swept across his eyes when I thanked him.

"She really likes you Sarah, and that's saying a lot. Mother has not liked one woman I've ever introduced to her. Not that I have brought home many women to meet her. But you're the only one she has liked. I knew there was something special about you the first time I saw you on the train."

I blushed at the compliment. I loved the sweet, gentle side he had.

"You and Jake seemed to get along pretty well also."

"Jake is a sweetheart. I hope he finds the love he deserves."

"You think Jake is a 'sweetheart' as you call him, but there is another side to Jake. He is nice to you because he likes you. You haven't hurt him in any way. But he has a different edge to him. After Lauren broke his heart, Jake built a wall of steel around his heart to protect himself from ever being hurt again. I know you have encouraged him to go find her and normally, I would tend to agree with you. But I'm not so sure it's a good idea."

I was concerned now. "Why not?"

"He might play games with her heart. You know, hurt her the way she hurt him. She is the reason he hasn't had a good relationship since they broke up. He doesn't really show it, but he's very bitter."

I gathered my thoughts for a minute before speaking. "I just have a feeling that she did what she thought was best for him at the time. I bet if they see each other things will pick up right where they left off."

"I'm not so sure about that."

I silently was a bit nervous for Jake now. I hoped I'd given him the right advice.

"We should get dressed and go back to our rooms. Mother will be looking for us at breakfast time. We should make sure we are presentable."

We got dressed and I was a little sad that we were leaving. I enjoyed feeling set apart from everyone else and spending time alone with Joshua.

"Oh, I meant to ask you. Why did we come to the guest house instead of going to one of our rooms?"

"I had planned to have some alone time with you, and being with you here is more appropriate than being together under my mother's roof, given the nature of our relationship."

The nature of our relationship? What did that mean?

"You look offended. Did I say something wrong?" He seemed genuinely concerned.

"No, no. Well, um, what do you mean by the 'nature of our relationship'?"

"Oh, no. It's not anything bad. I just meant that if we were husband and wife we could have been together under mother's roof. But since we're not, I think it would be disrespectful to have relations in her house."

I was relieved by the explanation and a little bit charmed. It was an old-fashioned way of thinking and I thought it was sweet. This gorgeous billionaire continues to surprise me.

"Sarah?"

"Yes?"

He hesitated and I could see the angst in his eyes.

"I've really enjoyed spending this time with you." He wouldn't hold my gaze.

My heart sank. Is this the end? Is he getting ready to tell me our arrangement is over?

"I've enjoyed this time with you as well." I was afraid to see what his eyes would tell me as sadness enveloped me.

"Can I...," he sounded extremely nervous, cleared his throat and then looked at me.

"Would you allow me to take you out on a proper date when we get back to New York?"

My eyes flew up to his, filled with tears of relief and joy. I couldn't hold back the smile that spread across my face. I gave him a big hug as I whispered my answer in his ear.

"I would love nothing more."

CHAPTER 9

10 YEARS LATER

If you would have asked me where I thought I would be in 10 years the day I started my internship at Hunter International, I would never have guessed here. Let me back up a bit.

After our trip to California, Joshua and I returned to New York and started dating exclusively. We were extremely discreet at work and the only person who knew was Jake.

I shadowed a very bright female partner at the company for six months. There was no way Joshua would have allowed me to shadow a male partner! I worked my butt off making connections and making myself available to partners who needed extra help with anything. I worked late more nights than I could remember. My reports never had errors and I never said no to anyone about work. My hard work paid off because, in nine years instead of five, I became a partner at Hunter International.

Joshua surprised me on our one year anniversary with a trip to Florence, Italy. We spent a week there and I was able to see original works of art by all of my favorite Renaissance artists. We went to the Uffizi Gallery and I was able to see works by Leonardo da Vinci, Giotto, Titian and Botticelli, among many others. It was so surreal for me to actually be where I had only dreamed of going all my life.

Joshua surprised me one night and rented a Vespa for us. We rode all around Florence and were able to see so much more than if we just walked and took taxis. One of the highlights of the trip was riding by the Pitti Palace at night. It was so beautiful. On the last night of our trip, we were standing on the Ponte Vecchio bridge looking out over the Arno River when I turned and saw that he was down on bended knee:

"Never in my wildest fantasies could I have imagined a woman so perfect for me in every way. I love you with all that I am. I promise to make you happy, be faithful to you, respect you, be a supportive partner, communicate openly, build a family with you and love you forever. Sarah Catherine Vaughn, will you marry me?

The ring was so beautiful and so perfect.

Tears filled my eyes as I looked into the beautiful face of the man I loved.

"Yes! Of course I will marry you!" I flung my arms around him and he couldn't stop kissing me. We were snapped out of our bliss by the sound of people clapping. I looked around and giggled as I hugged Joshua. "We have an audience." I smiled at him, my eyes filled with love.

His eyes searched mine, as he gently wiped away the tears that were falling down my cheeks. "I love you Sarah."

I smiled as my tear-filled eyes searched his. "I love you too Joshua."

***

We've been married for eight years now and living in ultimate bliss.

As we sat at the dance recital for our six-year-old twin girls, I looked over at Joshua and Bunny and reflected on how amazingly wonderful my life turned out to be. I married my best friend, we have two beautiful daughters, I have an amazing career and a lovely mother-in-law. I wouldn't change a thing.

