CHAPTER ONE

DAIR

TWO MONTHS AFTER THE FALLING OUT

I had a bit of a nervous breakdown after Iris left without a trace.

It was the strangest thing, but I suddenly didn't like my own company so much.

In fact, I began to hate it, even at home.

I still went to the gym at the exact same time, every single day, in the small hope that she'd show again. She didn't, but I kept going, because I wanted to see her again.

She hadn't been in my life for long, but I missed her.

Being that I couldn't stand my own company, I began to reconnect with old friends, people I hadn't talked to since the divorce, the friends I'd chalked up to losses in the breakup; Tammy's assets when we'd been chopping our combined life in half.

For some reason, they all seemed very happy to hear from me. I felt like a jerk for going into full hermit mode and attempted to have something of a social life again.

I'd often meet up with another writer friend for coffee or lunch after my workout, telling myself that if I just kept working at it-being a normal person, with normal social habits-it wouldn't feel so forced.

And it was true. Two months post Iris, and I was looking forward to having coffee with my friend, Benji.

He was already sitting at a table as I entered the cafe a few shops down from my gym.

I waved at him, saw he had an extra coffee for me, and bypassed the line to go directly to him.

He slid me the cup as I sat down.

"You make your deadline?" I asked him. Like me, he was a neurotic, work obsessed writer, and so we always had something to talk about. It was good. Distractions were good. The more the better. The more plates spinning the better, these days.

He nodded with a grin, pushing his thick glasses up high on his nose, and sweeping his light brown hair away from his face. He was a good seven years my junior, with a lean, nerdy look that I thought suited him. He wore it well. "How about you? I know you were early on your publisher's deadline, but how is your indie project coming along?"

"Good. Good. My word count is flowing faster than ever. I should be done in about four weeks."

He whistled. "Will you sell it to the publisher, if they decide they like it and make you a good offer?"

I shrugged. "I doubt it. This whole project is an experiment for me. It won't be much fun if I don't get to at least see how making seventy percent compares to making, yanno, eight."

He shook his head, smiling wryly. "You're forgetting your advance. You can't tell me they don't give you plenty up front."

I shrugged again. "Like I said, this one is an experiment. I doubt even my publisher can sway me, and it's not exactly written in the genre I'm known for, so they wouldn't write me a big check for it, anyway."

"You're probably right." He sighed. "I envy you the flexibility to do what you want. Some of us are still writing just to pay the bills."

We sipped coffee and talked shop for a bit. We were just getting ready to leave when he suddenly trailed off mid-sentence, looking at something behind me.

I turned to see what it was, and an electric fire went off in my brain at the sight that met my eyes.

Setting my jaw hard, I turned carefully away.

So the back of that blonde woman in line resembled Iris, so what?

This wasn't the first time my brain had tricked me into thinking she was somewhere close.

But it was never her. I'd see some young blonde thing out of the corner of my eye and turn to stare until I met a stranger's blank stare.

Not today. Today I was going to ignore the urge to obsess. It wasn't her, just some young woman with a great body. She wasn't even dressed correctly, wearing a pleated skirt and a belted, collared blouse.

Iris wouldn't be caught dead in business attire.

"Holy f**king shit, man. Did you see that chick?" Benji asked, his tone reverent.

My mouth quirked up in a rueful smile. Even the most civilized men turned into mouth-breathers if a hot enough woman walked into the room.

"I did." I took a long sip of coffee, watching Benji, who just kept watching the woman in line, forcing myself, with great effort, to stifle the urge to turn around again. "Nice ass," I noted.

"Yes. But you need to turn around and check out the rest of her. Huge titties, man."

I rolled my eyes. There was a bit of a generation gap between us. My generation thought shit like that, but then we kept it to ourselves, like grown-ups.

"Big soft tits," he continued, "in a semi-sheer white blouse. Fuuuck. She's got a tan. How many articles you think I need to write to bang a chick that out of my league?"

"A lot," I mused, still staying firmly with my back to the woman in question.

"Like how many is a lot?"

"What do you make? Like five hundred an article? I'd say about two thousand of those, minimum. If she's as hot as she looked from the back, though, you'd need to be well into the millionaire club before she'd give you the time of day, so more like five thousand articles, realistically."

His eyes were wide as he finally looked away from the hot chick and back to me. "Really? That is f**king depressing, dude."

I shrugged. "Yeah. But the really sad part is you'd have to spend a good chunk of that cash on her, if you wanted her to stay around for any length of time."

He shook his head. "I think you've gone cynical, after Tammy."

I couldn't dispute that. Not a bit. "You may be right. What can I say? Divorce messes with your head." I didn't bring up Iris. I hadn't told him about her. "Why don't you go ask her out, if you're so certain I'm wrong?"

He laughed. "I didn't say you were wrong, I said you were cynical, and so am I. That chick is out of my league, period. I need more money to bag a woman like that. Or at the very least, better looks and a bigger dick. And look at that, f**k, she's already leaving. I was hoping she'd sit down to drink her coffee, and let me look at her for a few more minutes."

"Maybe you were creeping her out. You've barely taken your eyes off her since she walked in the door."

He didn't even seem to hear me. "Oh, no, wait, she's only going to the bathroom. I thought it was weird she was leaving without her order. Did you see her shoes, man? Those are some 'fuck-me' stilettos. And her hair is in this tight bun, and she's wearing sexy librarian glasses. Will you please turn and look when she comes back out? I will drop the subject if you will just get a better view of her and agree with me that she's a ten."

"Nope. Not doing it. That poor girl does not need us both creeping out on her. I'll take your word for it."

That seemed to settle the matter. He dropped it.

His phone rang; he checked the screen and started cursing. "I've got to run. Same time next week?"

I nodded, and he left. I didn't move and still didn't turn around. I had that feeling, a tingle on my neck, like I was being watched from behind, and I was again talking myself out of obsessing about Iris.

But burned in my brain was the image of the back of that woman, and in spite of myself, I was comparing.

And a small part of me was enjoying the torture of imagining it could be her, that she would find me again.

Finally, I cracked, turning to look, thinking that the woman must have left, so I should just get it over with, like pulling off a Band-Aid.

And there she was.

There was Iris, standing only feet away, holding a cup of coffee and watching me, her expression very blank. She was wearing sexy librarian glasses, her hair in a tight bun, just like Benji had said.

And it really was her, in the flesh.

She wore white, and her clothes were fitted enough to show off every lush curve. Her mouthwatering br**sts were clearly outlined, the buttons of her blouse open enough to show an extravagant amount of cle**age.

How had I forgotten just how stunning she was? How captivating?

Her large br**sts were even more exceptional than I remembered, as though I'd dreamt her up as a comic book version of herself.

Iris squared.

The moment our eyes met, she began to move, walking with easy grace to sit across from me.

She looked cold, so icy blonde and beautiful, like some mix of Marilyn Monroe and Grace Kelly.

Terrible and beautiful.

It felt like fatal voltage to my chest just to look at her like that.

It was Iris, but Iris as a stranger. No, it was worse than that. It was like she was a curious, wild, imaginary creature, with the pieces of her just now put together, invented for my eyes, not how I remembered at all, because even when she'd been angry, she had never been cold.

Then she smiled, and it was her again, all traces of the cold stranger gone.

Which one was the real Iris?

"Hello, Dair."

I swallowed hard and saw her eyes dart to my throat.

"Hello, Iris."

"God, I missed the sound of your voice."

"The sound of my voice?" My voice caught on the question awkwardly, breaking slightly on the last word.

She had such a talent for catching me off guard.

"Yes. You have the best voice, like a stern school teacher."

My brain short-circuited for a bit before I could respond. "You say the most outrageous things."

She laughed, and its tinkling sound felt like velvet across the back of my neck. "Is that all you have to say to me, after all this time?" she asked quietly.

"I'm sorry for all the things-"

"I don't want you to take those things back, if you still believe them, and besides, that's not what I meant. Don't you have anything else to say to me?"

I took a few deep breaths. "Where have you been? And why are you back now?"

"That's not what I meant, either. And I don't want to talk about that. Didn't you miss me?"

She reached a hand across the table, and I found one of mine grasping it, lacing our fingers tightly together.

My eyes squeezed shut. It felt very good to touch her again, even just her hand. "Yes, Iris, I missed you very much."

"There you go. Was that so hard? I missed you, too. You look good." She tugged her hand away, and my eyes opened to follow its retreat.

"Why are you dressed like that?"

She looked like she was trying not to smile. "Like what?"

"Like a professional. Why are you wearing glasses? What are you doing? Where did you go? Where have you been?"

She glanced around, and the way she did it struck me as more than a little paranoid. "Want to go for a walk?"

My heart started pounding hard.

I didn't hesitate.

"Of course I do," I said, absolutely no thought required.

I'd take a walk with her anytime, anywhere.

She smiled, taking off those sexy glasses. "Well, then, let's get out of here."

CHAPTER TWO

Much to my chagrin, she actually meant it about wanting to go for a walk.

I'd so been hoping she'd intended that more loosely, like, say, a walk to my car, where we would promptly drive to my house, to do the things I needed to do, and soon.

The gym and coffee shop were in a large, busy strip mall. I followed Iris out onto the sidewalk, then walked beside her as she strolled along the storefronts, glancing at her out of the corner of my eye.

She faced straight ahead, her arms swinging lightly at her sides, making no effort to touch me, or even to look at me.

I didn't last long like that, stopping abruptly, and grabbing her hand.

She didn't react with even the slightest bit of surprise by my movements, in fact accommodated me by shifting to lean against the wall, letting me study, letting me take in the sight of her.

And I did.

It was both torment and solace to look at her again.

An agonizing comfort.

Me, I was simple. I was order. A very neat, efficient machine that ran on nothing but air.

Me plus anyone else, well, that was another matter.

And me plus Iris, that was a monster of a machine, with all gears going at different speeds, some spinning off their hinges, just going mad, but it was a wonderful madness, at full throttle, misfiring in all directions.

It felt wonderful and dreadful.

I was breaking down, and it felt amazing.

And terrifying.

What did she have planned for me this time? What ways would she find to coil me up and let me loose? Where would it end? And when?

And also:

Why did she have to wear white?

I was trying to be civilized, but I couldn't stand not to touch her for even a second when she looked so touchable, every bit of her skin outlined just perfectly by the thin, light material of her skirt and blouse.

My hands went to her waist, and I stepped very close, still drinking her in, my thirst working its way up to her tender lips.

"You really aren't going to tell me where you've been?" I asked her, my hands running from her waist up her sides to play along her ribs, then down again, all the way to her hips, then up again, rubbing, feeling at the soft material of her clothes, craving the supple skin beneath.

"I'm not. I missed you, though. I wanted to come back and see you sooner."

"You should have," I told her, pressing closer, slowly but steadily hemming her in. "Why didn't you?"

"A lot of reasons. Some of them... complicated. I don't want to talk about me. I want to talk about you. How have you been? What have you been up to?"

I shrugged. It was on the tip of my tongue to blurt out that I'd been doing nothing so much as missing her, but I stopped myself.

It would be just too pathetic.

"Have you been seeing anyone?" she asked.

I tensed. I didn't like that question, didn't like the way she asked it like it truly wouldn't bother her if I were.

"No," I said, stressing the word, because I wanted to say so much more, and moreover, was terrified to ask her the same question.

I was pretty sure I knew the answer, and I really didn't want to hear it aloud.

"Really?" she asked, looking pleased, at least. It was the tiniest, most minuscule sop to my ego.

"Really. God, what did you think I would say?"

"I was gone for two months. It seems well within the realm of possibility that you may have moved on by now. Certainly, if you wanted company of the female variety, you'd have no trouble finding it."

"You know I'm not a social creature," I said through gritted teeth, that small sop to my ego soaring away on the briefest gust of wind.

"But you have been going out with your friends. Meeting up for coffee, even going to bars, right?"

What the f**k? Had she been stalking me?

The idea was too ludicrous to humor for even a second.

"I have no notion how you guessed that, but yes, I've been going out a bit more with friends. Trying to join the land of the living, as it were."

"How's that working out for you?"

I shrugged, trying to work past my agitation and just seize the moment at hand. "Okay. I'm getting used to it. I do enjoy talking to my friends. I'd forgotten."

"I read that magazine interview you did. I enjoyed it. And the pictures were phenomenal. I take it your friend, Lourdes, came back for that photo shoot."

How did Iris know her name? Had I told her at some point?

I couldn't remember doing that, but I supposed that was irrelevant.

"She did. It took a few hours, but it wasn't too torturous. You really won't so much as give me a hint about what you've been up to?"

She smiled and shook her head slowly. "Well?" she asked.

My brows drew together. I had no notion what was going through her head at any given time. "Well what?"

"Aren't you even going to kiss me hello, Dair?"

Now that...

That I could wrap my mind around. At least we were on the same page about something.

I leaned in and rubbed my lips against hers, slowly, back and forth, smudging her pale pink lip gloss, eating at her mouth, licking it off, then delving inside to taste.

She pulled back within a few short moments, moving sideways so her back was no longer to the wall. "Wait. I wanted to do something with you. I saw this on my way in."

She grabbed my hand, tugging me to follow her.

And, of course, I followed.

She led me into one of those ice cream shops that let you choose your own ingredients, and after they mixed them all together, and you tipped them, they sang some loud song that made me wish I wasn't a habitual tipper.

"Sit down. I know just what to get, but I want to surprise you." She smiled at me over her shoulder as she walked away.

Her eyes scrambled my brain. I couldn't even properly check out her ass until she'd turned them from me.

She'd said she wanted to surprise me, but I watched the entire thing from my chair, mouth dry, fists clenched.

She chose the sweet cream flavor, mixed it with cinnamon and topped it with powdered sugar, shooting me that sweet, wicked smile of hers from time to time.

I was wearing a T-shirt, but I found myself pulling at my collar, as though the loose material was too tight. I'd thought about her a lot since she'd left, but my memories hadn't done justice to the way she made my blood pressure rise with just a glance.

It was out of hand, to say the least.

She joined me, sitting close beside me instead of across, her left hand going to my knee to rub as she arranged the first small spoonful of the sin she was weaving for me.

"Let me take the first bite, make sure it turned out right," said Iris.

I swallowed hard and watched.

"Do you think of me every time you taste cinnamon now, baby?" she asked, the most irresistible twinkle in her eye.

I didn't even have words for that bit of torment.

She absolutely knew what she did to me.

And she loved every second of it.

I could only nod.

"Me too. It'll never be the same." She leaned in very close, giving me a stellar view of her cle**age.

Her voice lowered to just above a whisper. "Just the smell of it, Dair, and I'm wet."

I swear I forgot my own name, where I was, and how I'd gotten there as she took that first luscious bite.

I watched raptly as the cold spoon pushed past her lips into her mouth, her tongue swirling over the bit of cinnamon flecked ice cream.

Fucking hell.

As though it wasn't overkill, she kept that spoon in her mouth for a long while, licking it, sucking it until it went past clean and clearly into dirty.

Finally she pulled it free, smiled, and reiterated her earlier mind-boggling statement. "Wet."

I shut my eyes, done for and aware of it.

She was soothing chaos.

Like that first taste of anesthesia, before you lost your senses.

Or the venom that numbed you before it killed you.

I really couldn't decide which.

The verdict was definitely still out on that.

"Ready for a taste?"

Fuck me and her loaded questions.

But I opened my eyes, nodded, and took everything she offered with no hesitation.

And there it was. That flavor that had been assigned to a memory I could never forget. The sweet spice of the cinnamon, the powdery texture of the sugar, and that sweet creamy flavor that tied it all together.

Yep, I was ruined for cinnamon.

She'd known it and I knew it now.

"So good, right?" she asked.

I had to agree. So good, indeed.

The ice cream was nearly finished before I glanced around at our surroundings. I didn't think I'd looked at anything but Iris since we'd walked in.

The place wasn't packed, but it wasn't empty either.

It wasn't my imagination that we caught avid stares wherever we went. It made me extremely self-conscious, though the stares weren't necessarily condemning. Mostly they were curious.

And who wouldn't stare at Iris?

But it wasn't only men that stared, it was women, and even children seemed taken with her. She was a sight-tan and healthy, buxom and happy.

And beautiful.

Above all, that.

It made it easier to tell myself that she was what drew most of the attention, but I knew that some of those fascinated eyes were also caught by the sight of a much older man, following her around, seeing through her clothes, and even, shamefully, looking down her shirt at every opportunity.

I couldn't help it. It had been so long, and if I couldn't touch, if I only got to look, I was going to look my fill.

"Did you think about me much?" Her voice shook me out of my reverie.

I flushed, pulling harder at the neck of my shirt. "God, I thought about you. You don't even want to know how much or what I thought about. I f**king abused my cock, thinking about you."

Why did I feel the need to tell her that?I mentally chastised myself.

But she cocked her head and smiled, and I knew why I'd told her.

I'd been positive it wouldn't trouble her. On the contrary.

"You think that bothers me? I was counting on it, baby. Thinking about you thinking about me got me through some rough times these past few months."

"What rough times? Is everything okay?"

She'd never made a comment like that before, about having it rough, but she'd thrown it out like it was common knowledge.

I found myself instantly troubled by it.

She didn't answer, just leaned forward until all of her soft heat seemed to envelope me, the sweet flowery scent of her inundating my senses.

We were sitting side by side, only an inch apart, her lips hovering at my jaw.

"I'm glad you still have this scruff. You know how I love it," she breathed against my skin, then rubbed her lips slowly back and forth across the edge of my jaw. Her lips were so soft, and I knew from experience they bruised easily. They were already red and swollen from the little bit of kissing we'd done earlier.

She didn't kiss her way down so much as run her lips lightly to my throat. There, she kissed, finally letting her tongue play against my skin.

I gripped two hands into her hair and pulled her back enough to angle her for my mouth.

I started kissing her, rough, hungry kisses, where I tasted cinnamon and cream mixed with the sweetest, wildest flavor in the world.

Iris.

She moaned and pulled back.

I didn't let her go easy, but when she said, a breath away from my lips, "Not in here. Let's walk," I let her pull back completely.

I followed her outside, watching her move, my c**k throbbing in time to her every swaying step. To say I was disappointed when she actually started walking again was like saying I was hard.

An understatement.

I was f**king solid rock.

"I've reread all of your books over the last few months."

That drew me a bit out of my lust haze.

Her wording ... It was off.

Reread implied she'd read them before, though I knew she hadn't read them all before she'd left me.

"Are you saying you'd read my books before that? As in, before you met me?"

She glanced at me, her eyes amused but steady. "Would that bother you, Dair? Do you think I'm some crazy fan that's been stalking you? Your tone tells me that you'd take that as something sinister. You think you and I are, what, the erotic version of Misery?"

She was too young to be so well referenced, but that was beside the point.

"You said before that you hadn't read my books. I recall you were working on the first one. For the first time."

"I never said that. You may have taken it that way, but I never said it. I said I was a hundred pages in, but I never specified that it was my first time reading it."

"It was implied."

"Perhaps. Does it matter? Back to my rereads. Something stood out to me. Well, something has always stood out to me, something about the way you write women."

I tugged her hand to make her stop walking.

She really thought I was going to drop this at a subject change?

I needed some honest answers from her-for once.

"You still haven't answered. Had you read my books before we met?"

She smirked, moving close. "Dair, I swear you always want to know the least interesting things about me. But I'll give you the truth on this one. I started reading your books when I was thirteen, and I've read them all. Many times. There's your answer. Now back to what I was saying. This has always, always fascinated me. In your books, the way you write your male/female dynamic, the women always hold all of the power. They always call the shots in the relationships. Why is that?"

My mind was a whirlwind of confused chaos at her revelation, but she'd managed to fascinate me with her question, which was just so Iris.

"Men are ruled by passion," I told her. It was an easy answer, one I'd thought about before. "Women are more romantic, sure, but men are controlled by our desires, we're slaves to it. I write women that hold all of the power, because you do. And if you don't, you either don't want to, or you're doing it wrong."

She seemed pleased by that answer, though I'd be damned if I knew why.

She must have known that already.

If there was any woman alive that could turn a man's brain to putty with just one look, it was Iris.

CHAPTER THREE

I backed her into the nearest wall, pressing hard against her. She'd grown so quiet, and my need to feel her had been growing with every silent second.

Literally.

I took her mouth, took command, control of the moment, the way I'd needed to since I'd set eyes on her again.

There'd be no pulling back, no stopping now.

All of my questions could be put off, certainly her non-answers could.

My tongue invaded her mouth, and hers melted against it, as she submitted, every part of her softening against me, into me.

I tasted her and she sucked at my driving tongue.

I nestled my hardness against her, forcing her long legs to shift open, until I was rubbing myself unabashedly against her mound.

I fondled her soft tits, first over her clothes, then inside, one unruly hand plunging down her shirt, palming that perfect flesh.

I groaned and ran a hand down to the hem of her skirt, sliding it up the outside of her silky thigh to grip her ass.

I held her in place and rocked against her, mouth still unrelenting on hers, invading her mouth.

She took it, her soft body accepting mine without question or hesitation.

I was on the brink of embarrassing myself when I tore my mouth away.

"Let's go back to my place," I finally said. I'd been patient enough, and it seemed appropriate, since I was full on groping her in public, and about a second from coming.

"Please," I added, playing as nice as I could stand.

I thought briefly about how I wished I'd brought a bigger car, because I wasn't likely to last the drive home, and I didn't particularly want to find out how cramped it was to f**k in the backseat of a Tesla.

Her jaw slack, eyes closed, she shook her head. "I don't think that's a good idea."

I shook my head, my mind too slow, too focused on other things to comprehend her answer. My hand was still in her shirt, stretching her bra to cup one ripe breast while my thumb rubbed back and forth over her hardened nipple. The other was still up her dress, her firm, bare ass cupped in my hand.

I moved my mouth along her jaw, down her neck, and all sense of public decency lost, I nuzzled into her cle**age, her warm, quivering br**sts welcoming me as she arched with a moan.

Why wasn't there a f**king alley nearby? I wondered.

Fucking Vegas, with its strip malls, all the buildings connected, no alleys in sight.

It was f**king inconvenient in the extreme.

I nosed her shirt aside, sucking at her crested nipple through the filmy material of her useless bra, nudging my erection insistently against her giving flesh with every draw.

I'd lost it. Lost all sense of place or public decency.

Lost it with all rational thought.

Because I was f**king out of my mind with lust.

I took my mouth away from her skin again, panting hard, still keeping my hands full of her, hard-on still raging against her, a second away from exploding.

"We need to go somewhere private," I told her firmly, my tone gone beyond polite and brooking no refusal. "Now."

"I can't. I want to go with you, and even though I'm not sure I should want that, that's not what's keeping me away."

I blinked at her, trying to make my slowed mind process what she was saying.

As it began to sink in, I felt my teeth grinding together, my hands kneading hard at her flesh, which was clearly giving me a different story than her mouth.

I didn't know what to address first.

Both of her statements bothered me.

"Why aren't you sure?"

"Things didn't exactly end well between us, Dair. You hurt me. I gave you my best, and you thought the worst of me. I'm not sure we should do this again."

My nostrils flared, eyes going wide. It was odd, but lust channeled very naturally into anger.

Or perhaps the anger had been there all along, just below the surface, bowing down to the stronger urge.

"You didn't give me the truth," I told her pointedly. I'd given this a lot of thought. "You gave me the you that's too good to be real. I need the real."

"This is real. I gave you real. Listen, my life's a mess you don't need to get mixed up in, but I've been real to you from the get-go. I wanted you. I still do. More than anything."

The anger went under the surface again, superseded by her admission of wanting me.

Her hands had been gripping my shoulders from the moment I'd pressed her to the wall.

I needed more.

I put my mouth to her ear. "Touch me," I breathed. My hands were full of her, and I had no intention of letting go.

She gasped. "Things will get out of hand if I start touching you, I guarantee it."

My laugh was a choked bark of a noise. "You think they aren't already?"

One soft hand touched my cheek, while the other stroked down to my chest, my stomach, then lower, to feel between our bodies.

"Touch my skin," I breathed into her ear, moving my mouth down to suck at her neck.

She moaned and plunged her hand down my pants, gripping my straining length, her arm noticeably trembling.

She'd barely begun to stroke the thick curve of me when a loud cleared throat had me pulling back enough to glance behind me.

I started cursing as I extricated myself and straightened away from her.

A police officer stood not four feet away, arms crossed over his chest, looking stern.

I dragged an agitated hand through my hair as I took a pointed step away from Iris.

My mind started going over all of the things we'd been doing openly, in public, in broad daylight.

I cataloged every debauched thing we'd done against that building.

It wasn't good.

Shit.

Were we about to be arrested for lewd acts in public?

It seemed more than feasible.

I cursed again, glancing around, as though just seeing our surroundings for the first time.

There weren't too many people around. And at least there weren't any children within sight.

It was something.

"Sorry to disturb you, Mr. Masters," the police officer said, making me stare at him more closely. He knew my name, and he sounded more sheepish than authoritative.

I studied him and was thrilled to see the signs. He was a fan.

Best case scenario, all things considered. A stroke of luck.

"I'm just going to need you to go ahead and take this someplace private," he said gruffly, glancing at Iris, and then back at me.

I was nodding before he even finished talking.

"Yes, officer," I said, unable to look him in the eye anymore, because even his interruption hadn't been enough to distract me from my need.

I was still hard and throbbing.

Out of control.

I glanced at Iris, which was a mistake.

She was essentially covered. It wasn't like she was naked, though the amount of cle**age she was exposing was hard to ignore.

It was the way she was leaning against the wall, eyes glazed, back arched, that was completely indecent.

I pulled her front into my chest by the shoulders, to hide her luscious state.

I couldn't stand anyone else seeing her like that.

"Sorry about that, officer," I said, still not looking at him. "We were just about to leave."

He cleared his throat again, shifted on his feet a bit, and finally, walked away.

My hands on Iris' shoulders moved to rub her back as I hugged her against me. We just stood like that for a long time, until the cop had left our sight, and we'd somewhat caught our breaths.

"Come on, honey. Let's go back to my place." I thought this was the most reasonable request. We had two choices here, as far as I could see. Either go to my car, or get arrested for finishing right here.

"I wish I could, but I have to go soon."

I pulled back to look at her face, hands back to her shoulders.

"Excuse me? Go where?"

"It's not important. What's important is that I have to go. It can't be helped."

"So why did you come here? Just to tease me?"

"To see you. I thought that a little time was better than none. Was I wrong? Would you rather not see me at all?"

I took a few deep breaths. The answer was sad but easy to find. I'd missed her. I'd take her any way I could get her, whether it was for minutes or hours, for torture or satisfaction.

"I'd always rather see you. But, you need to tell me what's going on. Why do you have to leave?"

CHAPTER FOUR

Her attention was caught by something behind me.

I turned to look.

A silver Jaguar pulled up to the curb, and stopped, idling there.

I glanced at Iris, and didn't like one bit the way she looked at that car.

"I need to go," she said woodenly, just looking at the Jaguar. "That's my ride."

There was a man behind the wheel.

I couldn't make out a lot beyond his profile, since he didn't so much as turn his head to glance in my direction, and he was wearing dark shades, but I saw enough.

He was young, big, muscular, blond, and certainly, by my estimation, better looking than me. And going by his car, he wasn't lacking funds either.

I'd been replaced, if I'd ever been placed.

I felt ill.

Ill and furious, and completely wretched.

"Who is that?" I asked through my clenched jaw.

I heard her take an unsteady breath. "It's a long story, and I can't talk about it right now. I have to go."

She pulled away, moving towards the car.

I grabbed her hand, pulling her back to me. I was past caring about making a scene. I wanted the guy to see that I was more than just a friend to her.

I saw his chiseled jaw, with its five o'clock scruff, clench hard, his nostrils flaring, his face turning far to the left, away from the sight of us.

I could feel the hostility pouring off him. The rage.

This bothered him. Good.

I wanted to bother the f**ker.

I wanted to hurt him, actually. And I certainly hoped he could feel the hostility, the unadulterated rage, that was pouring off me.

I looked away from him and down to a troubled Iris. I bent and took her mouth, lashing my tongue inside to stroke hers.

She pulled away, and my hands shot down to her hips, sliding around to cup her ass as I ground into her.

Her palms went to my chest, and she pushed away, though not hard, as though her heart wasn't in it.

"Don't, Dair. Please. Not now. I'll call you later."

I ignored that, kissing her again, my hand holding the back of her head, not letting her draw back until she began to respond, letting out a soft little grunt and starting to kiss me back.

I kissed along her jaw until my mouth was at her ear. "Don't go with him. Please. Come with me."

Lips trembling, body trembling, br**sts shivering with her deep, unsteady br**sts, she was putty in my hands. I could have taken her against that wall in broad daylight, ass**le in the Jag watching on, the police officer somewhere close enough to arrest us, if I'd been so inclined.

I very nearly was.

I'd half-convinced myself I'd made up the way she responded to me, but here it was, the proof in my arms, un-fakeable to my adoring gaze.

I kissed her breathless, then breathed my own into her.

"Come with me," I panted. It was a plea.

"I can't. I'll call you soon though, okay?"

"No. I don't believe you." My hands were at her back rubbing, rubbing, molding her hard against me.

"I'll come see you as soon as I can. Tonight, if I can. I promise."

"If you're promising me things, promise me you won't sleep with this guy, whoever the f**k he is."

She stiffened, then drew in a deep, heavy breath. She put her lips to my ear, and said very, very softly. "I love you, and I'll come see you. Later."

That stunned me into letting her loose.

She moved away, and slid into the passenger seat of that f**ker's Jag before I could stop her.

I watched his big hand move to stroke over her hair as the car began to move.

She shot me one brief, worried glance, and then she was gone.

I was in a hell of a mood after that.

I tried to follow them, but that f**ker lost me before I made it to my car and out of the parking lot.

I went for a drive, aimless really, no goal in mind, before going back home, to wait for a call that I was certain wasn't coming.

I was pretty miserable.

In fact, I was sick with jealousy, obsessed with the familiar way that man's hand had stroked over her hair.

Mine, I thought. How dare he touch what was mine?

And when had I started to think of that wild creature as mine?

And, strangely, the most unbearable thought of all, had she meant that I love you, or was she just finding new ways to toy with me?

I got in an amazing workout that day and still felt like shit.

She didn't call.

She didn't show up.

I shouldn't have been surprised. She was a liar, after all.

CHAPTER FIVE

Turner Thorn wrote horror, twisted shit with lots of sex and gore, but no one could argue that it wasn't well-written sex and gore. He was one of the best in his genre, only lived ten minutes away from me, and lately, he was shaping up to be one of my closest friends and confidantes.

Truth be told, I sort of used to think of him as an ass**le.

He was crass, snarky, arrogant, chauvinistic, and completely obsessed with talking about sex, which back when I'd been married and rarely got laid, hadn't been fun at all.

He had found some wacky balance where he called himself a social recluse, which meant he basically held court and frequent parties at his house, but he pretty much never went anywhere.

He also had a completely twisted sense of humor, that again, I hadn't appreciated until I'd been unburdened of a spouse that found nothing funny, and frequently got pissy at me for laughing at the wrong things.

It hadn't helped that Tammy had always hated his guts.

But of course, she'd hated a lot of people. She'd turned being difficult to deal with into a point of personal pride.

Turner was too young and jaded, too big and over-sexed. I'd always thought so, still thought so, even with my newfound liking for him.

He was growing on me, but that didn't mean he didn't still have his quirks.

He had a raw-boned, hungry look to him. He was tall and muscular, with tan skin and bright blue eyes. He kept his dark hair very close cut, his jaw perpetually shadowed.

He had the bad boy thing going, and not one qualm about playing it up to the nth degree.

We'd been bonding lately, because I found that his company was suddenly refreshing. I'd started coming to his house for a weekly coffee/vent session.

I could talk to him about things I couldn't share with my other friends and associates. There was something very nice about having a buddy that didn't tell you what a creep you were for sleeping with a younger woman.

On the contrary, he wanted to know the details, right down to her measurements.

"So let me get this straight," he said, as we rehashed my messy love life, yet again. He just didn't get it. I liked to think of it as an age gap. He saw no reason to want more from a woman than sex. "This hot young thing wants to do the nasty with you every which way, and you do, and then she leaves, and you have a problem with it."

I rolled my eyes. We'd been over this part plenty. "Yes. I have a problem with it. I want to see her again, and I can't find her."

He whistled low, wiggling his brows. You could say a lot about him, but the guy did not take himself too seriously. It was a quality I was really starting to appreciate, as I made a concerted effort to take myself less seriously.

"She must be a piece of work," he mused. "Is she hotter than Candy?"

I glanced around, not wanting to offend his assistant, the aggressive Candy.

I nodded. There was no question.

"That's impressive. Candy's a dime. I only hire dimes."

This was a fact that was well known. He made it well known.

"Iris is in a league of her own. I'm not exaggerating."

"No, I believe you. You're an upfront kind of guy. Not one to stray from the facts, which is ironic, since you write fiction so well. So you meet this unbelievably hot woman, with very f**kable tits, which is just great, I have to add, and she pursues you, f**ks your brains out, you f**k her brains out, she disappears, and you're stuck in this dilemma, like, what the f**k did she see in me? Why'd she leave? Will she be back? And then she comes back, two months later, gives you a severe case of blue balls, says she loves you, and disappears again, for what, a few weeks now? That about cover it?"

"Yeah, I guess, if you want to oversimplify it. I knew it was all doomed, anyway, but it just feels so unfinished."

"Doomed? Why doomed?"

"She is way out of my league. There's never a kosher reason for a number gap like ours."

He shook his head, giving me a look like he was my disappointed father.

He pointed at me. "You, my friend, have low self-esteem. Candy!" he called out loudly for his assistant.

She came sauntering in, pulling her Jessica Rabbit bit, red hair, red lips, crazy curves. Where the hell did he find these women? I'd met a few of his assistants, and they were all over the top, oozing sexuality like this.

"Yeah, babe? I was working on something."

"Posting your cle**age on Instagram again is not working on something. You think I don't know what you're up to in there? You have three extra buttons undone, and my phone sends me updates when you're slacking off."

She smirked, totally shameless. "Good pic though, right?"

He shrugged. "They look better in person. Dair and I have a question for you."

"Shoot."

He pointed at me, grinning. "Be totally honest. Would you f**k my friend here?"

She blinked a few times, then looked at me, giving me a disconcerting once over. "Yes," she said, after a few beats. "Why, does he want to f**k me?"

"No, my little nymphomaniac narcissist. This will blow your mind, but he doesn't even follow you on Instagram. This is hypothetical. You can look up the definition for that later, but in the meantime, don't interrupt, just stick to the-"

"Tyrant," she muttered.

"That's right. And you're proving my point. Back to what I was saying. Why would you f**k him?"

She went back to studying me. It was highly disconcerting. "Because he's hot. Nice bod, I can tell. Clothes are a bit sloppy, but his jawline alone makes me wet."

"Would you still f**k him if I told you he was dead broke?"

She bit her lip, her eyes still raking over me. "Yes. I wouldn't marry his broke ass, but I'd sure as hell f**k him."

He waved her off. "Thank you for your expert opinion. Carry on with something that hopefully resembles work this time."

Candy sashayed out of the room, putting some extra sway into it, sending me a few smoldering, sidelong glances as she went.

"See that? She's a dime and she'd f**k you, even if you were broke. You need to get out of your own self-loathing head and give yourself an ounce of credit. You don't get laid enough because you're a hermit. If you went out more, chicks would be dropping their panties for you all over the place, even if they didn't know you were loaded."

"Yes, but-"

"Okay, now. Back to the mysterious Iris of the f**kable tits. She was last seen coming back to find you in a public place, like a stalker, then she's gone again, and you're worried, again that was it. She'll be back. She obviously enjoyed herself. It's that simple."

"But did you catch the part where she's known who I was the whole time? She knew about my money, because she admitted that she's been reading my books since she was a kid. She definitely wasn't upfront about that before. And when she left the first time, two months ago, she acted deeply offended by the fact I assumed she knew I had money before I took her home the first time."

I let him think about that, realize how incriminating it was. I'd certainly been obsessing about it myself.

"So f**king what, dude?" he finally shot back. "So she knew who you were and pretended she didn't. Doesn't prove she's not into you."

"It proves she's a liar."

"Again, so f**king what? Most people are liars. She's nice to you. She's into you. Sounds like she's a f**king ace in bed. She hasn't asked for a thing from you, aside from your dick. I say just go with it. She shows up, you f**k her however you please. She leaves, take that Lourdes chick out. She's hot. Probably more of the relationship type, which is what you're looking for, God only knows why."

I grimaced. I couldn't even imagine going out on a date with someone at this point. My head was too screwed up for that.

"Not ready for that yet? Good. So keep it simple. Go f**k Candy. I won't take offense. I was planning to bang her when she quits, but you can have her, if you're so inclined. Hell, go bend her over her desk right now. I'll put on some headphones and pretend it isn't happening."

"That's generous," I got out, feeling slightly nauseated at the thought. I wasn't even that tempted, and just thinking about it made me feel a little guilty, which was ridiculous, because Iris and I had never so much as talked about being exclusive.

And for all I knew, she was with that f**ker in the Jag as we spoke.

"Well, you're my friend, and I feel sorry for you. Forty years old without an ounce of game. Sad old bastard. Listen, if you're not ready to f**k someone else, just go in there and at least let Candy give you a blow job. She's waxed on, ad nauseum, about how good she is at oral. She's always walking around, sucking on something or other, trying to get a rise out of me. Literally."

"You have the most messed up relationships with your assistants, I swear," I told him, and not for the first time.

"They call me the tyrant. Did you know that? Often. My employees, past and present. It's become my nickname. I think they started a Facebook group about it."

I tried not to laugh, though I doubted he was exaggerating much.

"Don't believe me? We can ask Candy about it. I like her to be honest. She knows that. We ask her and she'll tell you I am hellish to work for. A demanding bastard. I don't like to ask for things twice, and I expect her to catch on quick.

I explain on day one that I don't f**k where I sleep. I'm civilized like that. And if I sign your paycheck, fuuuck no, I'm not making my life messy. So what does she do? She dresses like a f**king sex kitten and brushes her tits against me every chance she gets. She keeps a jar of lollipops on her desk and sucks on them whenever she thinks I might notice.

And she's not the exception, she's the rule. This is how it always goes: They sign a lot of paperwork, agree to a lot of things, hate working for me, and about three months in, they all quit."

"Because you're a tyrant," I pointed out.

"No, you see, that is the interesting part. They never, ever quit because of that. I make it clear from day one, if you want to f**k me, you won't be working for me when it happens. No exceptions. They all agree, and a few months later, after brushing their tits against me, bending over to show me their sweet little asses, me saying no all the while, and what happens? They quit, and beg me to f**k them."

"And what do you do?"

"I oblige. You've seen the women I hire. I f**k their brains out. This lasts anywhere from a day to a week, and then I send them on their way, with a glowing reference, because I'm nice like that. Though I have to say, the whole thing pisses me off. I like the eye candy, but I'm sick of training them.

You see how Candy is? You came to the door, she didn't answer it, so you had to let yourself in. We had to serve ourselves coffee, because she was busy taking cle**age selfies. She's terrible, since she's relatively new, and by the time I get her trained properly, she'll be quitting to, yanno, f**k me."

I rolled my eyes. "Poor guy. These are really relatable problems you have."

He grinned. "They're about as relatable as your problems, my friend. Hot, barely legal blonde stalking you, obsessed with your dick."

I cringed inwardly. He had a point. Sadly, jaded as he was, he almost always did.

"Candy!" he shouted.

She came sauntering back in with a smile. "What, babe?"

"I was just telling Dair about that private Facebook group. It's called Turner the Tyrant or something. Tell me the truth. Are you in that group?"

"Yep." She looked pretty smug about it. "Those women go off about you on the daily."

He grinned like it made him happy. "Please give them a message for me. I don't give two, scratch that, I do not give one solitary f**k if you all want to vent about me together."

She rolled her eyes. "Whatever. Your last assistant, Coffee ... " she began.

I had to blink a few times at that name.

" ... just did a post about the size of your dick," she continued. "She hates your guts, but she's doing you a service. She said you were nine inches hard." She held up her arm, making a big circle with the fingers of one hand. "And thick. I called bullshit. I'll believe it when I see it."

I just about choked on the sip of coffee I'd just taken.

What the f**k? The sad thing was, this was a pretty average interaction for them. I was starting to think he just kept an assistant around for entertainment purposes. Candy certainly never seemed to do any actual work.

"You trying again to get me to show you my dick?" he asked her.

"You afraid to show it to me?"

He waved her off. "Go ask Coffee, if you want to know. You won't be seeing it, not while you work for me."

"Tyrant," she muttered.

"But for the record, I think Coffee was doing me a disservice. I'd say it's nine and a half inches hard."

She rolled her eyes and turned her attention on me, which was not an improvement.

She sat down next to me on the sofa I was sprawled out on, getting way too close.

"He gets off on being withholding," she told me, her hand on my thigh.

She pressed her big, hard, fake tits against my side as she leaned in close to whisper loudly, "I'm hoping you like to get off on something else."

Fuck.

I was so sexually frustrated that I almost considered it, but I didn't actually want her so much as relief and distraction, and, illogical or not, it felt wrong, and I felt guilty for entertaining it for even a millisecond.

"I'm with someone," I said, and even I didn't know if that was a total lie.

I preferred to think of it as a slight exaggeration.

"I'm cool with that," Candy purred. "She can join us."

"On that note, I think it's time for me to go," I said, standing abruptly.

"I'll walk you out," Turner said, laughter in his voice. "Candy, back off. You're scaring him. He's old school."

I didn't look back to see how she responded to that.

"God, she's aggressive," I said. It wasn't a compliment.

"It's that generation. The gender roles are reversing. They come after us now."

I shook my head. I was too old for this shit.

"Coffee?" I asked as we moved through his house. "Is that really someone's name?"

"The name I gave her. I name them all. Coffee got the name because she actually makes decent coffee. Damn, I miss her. Candy doesn't even know how to work the machine."

I laughed. The bastard kind of deserved to have to make his own coffee.

"Oh, man, I almost forgot to tell you," he called out when I'd reached my car. "That pool party next week-the one I finally got you to agree to come to-I just found out Tammy is piggy backing her way into it, going as the plus one to one of my friends. How do you want me to handle it? Should I ban her? It's up to you. I never liked her, anyway."

I found myself blissfully unaffected by this. I waved a careless hand in the air. "It's up to you. I don't have a preference. I don't really care if she comes or not. She's unpleasant, but I'm past caring about that. Not my problem anymore."

"Her new man won't be there, if that makes you feel any better."

"Not particularly. She's way more likely to hit on me if he's not around."

"That's right. You hit that several times after she left. How long after? Was there overlap with your Iris?"

"No, no overlap. Several months gap, actually."

"But you did screw Tammy after you were separated, right?"

I flushed. I might have admitted this to him when we'd gotten uncharacteristically drunk a few weeks ago. "Yeah. Barely."

"I get it, man. It was like an angry revenge screw, right? You stuck it to the bitch that stuck it to you, and as a bonus, you got to cuckold her new man, just like he'd done to you. A bit of tit for tat."

He wasn't wrong, but I still didn't feel good about it. I liked to think I'd evolved since then, as I was positive I wouldn't be falling into that messed up pattern again.

I'd found new messed up patterns to obsess about these days.

CHAPTER SIX

I was working at my desk in my office, exactly two weeks and three days since Iris had given me extreme blue balls in a strip mall, when my phone rang.

I glanced at the lit screen of my cell.

It was an unknown number but since Iris, I always picked up, no matter what, though it was never her.

"Hello," I said into the phone, fully expecting it to be a telemarketer, who I planned to promptly end the call with. This had been the case the last three times I'd picked up an unknown number.

"Dair," came Iris' voice, all breathy into my ear.

"Iris," I said, reclining my office chair enough to give me room to breathe through a suddenly tight air passage. "Where are you?"

"Nowhere close, unfortunately. I just wanted to hear your voice."

I knew the feeling. I closed my eyes, letting her voice wash over me.

"When will I see you again?" I asked her.

"Soon. Very soon. I ... can't stop fantasizing about you." Her breath caught. "All the time. I'm in the bathroom right now, masturbating again, thinking about what you do to me."

I pinched the tip of my c**k hard through my clothes.

Phone sex? This was new, but crazy as it was, I wasn't going to say no.

"What are you wearing?" I asked her, voice rough as I stroked myself over my gym shorts.

"A dress. I'm wearing that little white dress I had on that last time, when you took me on the stairs. Remember it?"

I shifted on the chair until I could yank my dick free.

I fisted myself bare. "Oh yeah."

"I have the top unbuttoned. I had to sew the part you ripped, but my br**sts are hanging out. My ni**les are hard. I'm watching myself in the mirror, and I have my skirt pushed up. I'm fingering myself over my panties."

"Shove them to the side, and rub your clit," I ordered raggedly.

Some gasping on her end told me she was obeying.

"Send me a picture," I tried.

"I can't. This isn't my phone. That would be ... a very bad idea, but I wish I could. Are you touching yourself?"

I grunted an affirmative, fisting the middle of my shaft, then slowly rubbing up and down.

"I want you inside of me," she breathed. "Bare. It's all I can think about."

I squeezed at my base until fluid beaded out from my tip. "I want that. I'm going to f**k you bareback the next time I see you. I don't care where we are."

I kept jerking my cock, pumping at it hard. I was going to come, and fast.

"I have two fingers inside of me, but it's not enough. I need that big, thick c**k of yours, Dair. And your mouth. God, I miss your mouth all over me. And your hands." She paused, her breath growing more ragged. "I'm using a dildo on myself now. My fingers weren't enough."

I pictured her using a toy on herself, slapping noises filling the room as I yanked hard at my cock

"God, Dair, I can hear that. It's driving me wild. Tell me what you're doing with your hands right now."

"Jerking off," I said through gritted teeth.

She was clearly better at this than I was.

She didn't seem to mind, crying out into the phone as she got herself off.

I shot my load into the air, not bothering to try to catch it.

"I need your cunt," I growled into her ear as I came down.

"Yes," she gasped, still out of breath. "It's yours, and you'll have it soon, baby-" she broke off suddenly, and I heard a muffled voice on her end.

A deep, male voice.

Someone talking to her from outside of the bathroom?

I could only hope. There was no good scenario here, but that was the better one.

"Iris," I said, voice tight.

"I'll see you soon," she whispered back.

The line went dead.

I was so angry that I threw my phone against the wall.

Four more days passed, and each one added to my frustrated rage.

I picked up a new phone, since I'd shattered my old one, and spent a lot of time at home, canceling any plans I had that involved venturing outside.

Foolish as it was, I was hoping she'd come to my house. If I saw her again, I needed it to be private.

It was three in the morning when she finally came.

I came to the door shirtless and sweating from another body punishing workout.

Against all odds, I'd been waiting for her.

She was wearing that little white dress. The one from the stair incident, nearly three months ago.

I didn't touch her, just took her in as I stepped back and waved her through the door.

She swallowed, and I watched her slender throat work with the action.

My eyes ran down her body like hungry hands.

"Take off your dress," I told her hoarsely, shutting the door.

She didn't hesitate.

She toed off her white flip-flops, and tossed her big yellow bag aside, shrugging the dress over her head.

She met my eyes steadily, wearing nothing but little neon pink panties, the up-tilted globes of her br**sts swaying with her heavy breaths.

"My room," I told her, feeling the rough beast of my need take hold of me with an iron grip.

My inner mouth-breather had taken over.

I beat it back, with an effort.

She started walking, me right on her heels, close enough to have my face in biting distance of her ass as she made her way up the steps.

I restrained the urge. I was determined to stay in control here.

I had no intention of rushing this first desperate mating. Oh no, I was far past that.

I'd felt the need to rush two weeks ago.

Now my need had gone into another realm completely.

A realm where what drove me as much as my own desire was a necessity to share it.

She was not as desperate as I was, or she wouldn't have taken so f**king long to come back.

But she would be.

I was determined to make it so.

Under my hands, she was going to experience the torment I'd been subjected to these long weeks, these agonizing months of waiting.

I laid her trembling body out on my bed, everything stripped off her but that tiny triangle of neon covering the even tinier thatch of blonde between her thighs.

That I used to tease her, using one blunt nail, starting just above and to the right of her sex, drawing the material over my finger, and agonizingly slowly, dragging it over, exposing her leisurely.

Each of her gasping groans was a sop to my aching body, sinking into me deliciously.

I slid that wisp of mesh to the side, dragging it over her folds, until I'd pushed it aside, and my finger rested at the deep crease where her inner thigh met her groin.

I held it there for a beat, then another, watching her squirm, waiting for her to plead.

I didn't have to wait long.

I played her body until it coiled so tight with the tension that she vibrated with it.

She pleaded.

She begged.

She cried my name and clawed the sheets before I was through.

I didn't even need to lay a finger on her at first, just teased her with that scrap of cloth, dragging it back and forth, rubbing it over her cl*t as she squirmed and begged for my hands, my touch.

"Knead your br**sts," I told her in response. I'd let her have her own hands, but not mine, not yet.

She did, groaning in relief as she felt at her own flesh.

I stopped teasing her to watch.

"Don't stop," she pleaded.

I ignored that, watching as her small hands rolled her large br**sts in restless circles, pressing them together, rubbing, pinching at her ni**les.

She watched me watching her. "You want these? Titty f**k me, Dair."

I shook my head.

She was not calling the shots, not tonight.

Instead, I took my mouth to her, going to town until she was so close I could taste it on my busy tongue.

I pulled back, ignoring her mewling cries of protest.

I slipped my shorts off and straddled her ribcage, handling her heavy tits roughly.

I pushed them together, pushing my c**k between.

I let myself drive between them only a few times before I pulled away, but it was enough to milk a few thick drops of pre-come onto the tender flesh of her collarbone.

I dragged my fingers through that errant fluid, bringing it to her lips.

She sucked them clean while I bent down and started sucking at one fleshy globe.

I lingered at her chest, sucking long and hard enough to leave bruising marks all over her flawless flesh.

I didn't stop until she was begging for my cock.

I turned her over, and had her perch on her elbows and knees, ass facing me as I drilled her with my fingers.

This was when she finally distracted me from my course.

"Dair, please, I only have a few hours before I have to leave again."

I pulled my fingers out abruptly.

Without warning, or even permission from my brain, I grabbed her h*ps and drove into her.

Bare.

There were condoms in the nightstand, not two feet away, and even when I knew how stupid it was, how much it went against all of my better judgement, I never reached for one.

I wanted to ask her, at least have a conversation about it, at least get reassurance that if she had been with someone else, she'd had the sense to make them wrap it up, but I couldn't seem to find the nerve.

The wrong answer was more than I could take. I knew my limits.

I dragged out, and drove in again, guttural sounds wrenching out of me.

Stupid or not, it was heaven like this, skin on skin, inside of her.

I lifted her legs off the bed with a hard grip on her thighs, until only her elbows supported her, and she was angled for the tightest ride, and started thrusting in earnest.

She came first, and fast.

I followed quickly, emptying inside of her with a rough shout. I didn't pull out, still thrusting, and let her milk every tremor of my release.

When it was enough, I pulled out, flipping her onto her back.

I covered her, taking her mouth with my own, rubbing our bodies together, still so hungry for her that I ached with it.

My insistent hands played with her br**sts and plunged into her pu**y, getting her ready for the next assault.

When we were both desperate again, I rolled onto my back and pulled her to straddle me.

I lined myself up at her entrance.

I paused as our eyes met, unable to keep one question to myself.

"Should we be using condoms?" I asked her, throat tight.

Her eyes were steady and sure. She didn't hesitate, shaking her head.

"No," said Iris, and impaled her lovely body on my ravenous cock.

I was pretty sure said c**k was running the show at this point, but even knowing she was a liar, right then her answer was enough for me.

In any case, if there was damage to do here, it was already done.

And I was quickly beyond the ability to think as she started to move.

Her pert br**sts were bouncing hypnotically, the rest of her toned flesh flexing gloriously as she rode me. I palmed her perfect tits, rolling the sensitive tips against my palms.

I jackknifed until I was sitting up under her, leaned forward, and sucked them hard while she bounced up and down on my shaft.

I let her for as long as I could stand before I gripped her h*ps and took over, slamming hard into her again and again until I went over the edge, managing at least to take her with me.

We never stopped, didn't take a moment of rest before it was time for her to leave.

I f**ked her mindless.

I took her until we were both sore from it.

Raw.

Flesh over-used, muscles strained.

She didn't walk out so much as wave a white flag and limp away the next morning.

At least I was awake to see her go. I hated when she left as I was sleeping.

I made her look me in the eye and say goodbye.

"When will I see you again?" I asked, cupping her jaw.

I hadn't been a tender lover to her that night. I'd been rough, and arduous, and demanding as hell, more demanding than even I knew I was capable of.

But regardless of my actions, she held a little tender place in my chest, one that only she'd ever been able to unbury and expose.

The lack of her had done nothing to bury it again.

I wasn't sure what would.

What could.

She bit her lip, and I had to stop myself from kissing her.

I needed this answer.

I'd gone past needing all of the answers to just the ones that I couldn't live without.

"Sometime in the next four days, hopefully not in the middle of the night again, I'll come back to see you."

I stroked her hair back from her face, studying her.

She looked worn out, tired, and well-fucked. I loved it and hated it.

With a frustrated sigh, I kissed her forehead, and let her go.

CHAPTER SEVEN

It was four days later, and I was just pulling my car out of the garage when I saw a silver Jaguar pulling up to the curb in front of my house.

The silver Jaguar.

I put my car in park and got out, fists clenching, and started striding towards it.

Iris opened the passenger door, nearest to me.

That blond f**ker was in there, behind the wheel and saying something to her, his handsome face serious, his eyes intent on her.

She nodded once, leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek, said something in his ear, then got out.

That was when his eyes swung to me, and his whole demeanor changed, his hard jaw clenching, his eyes going glacial.

The guy hated me, despised me almost as much as I did him. I knew it in one look.

I broke into a run, determined to catch him before he left.

Iris shut her door, one look at her telling me that she really hadn't wanted me to see who was dropping her off.

The Jaguar peeled away with a screech.

I almost chased him on foot, barely stopped myself from that act of lunacy.

Instead, I rounded on Iris.

She was looking back and forth, between my car and me.

It was still running, driver's door open.

I half-toyed with the idea of going after him in the car, but what was the point?

She was here now, for the moment, at least. It was clearly the most I'd ever be getting from her.

I went to her, grabbing her shoulders, wanting to shake her. "Who the f**k is he? Tell me."

"I can't. I would if I could. Trust me."

I shook my head. I didn't trust her. How could I? She'd given me cause to do nothing but distrust her. She gave me no answers, so I was forced to draw conclusions, and those conclusions were based on logic, not hope, so they never worked in her favor, because there was no good, logical reason for the things she lied about.

She seemed to know it. "I'm sorry. I wanted to see you, to be with you, but this is how it has to be. I can't talk about him, and I wish you hadn't seen him. Where are you headed in your swim trunks?"

I let out a frustrated breath, dragging my hand through my hair. "It's not important. Let's go inside. If I only get a few more hours with you, I want to spend them in bed."

She was stubborn, digging in her heels when I tried to tug her towards her house. "Tell me where you were going. And I can stay for more than a few hours this time."

That reassurance did wonders for my mood, and had me answering her question. "My friend is having a pool party, but it's nothing important."

She beamed. "I love parties. Let's go. I need to stop and buy a suit, though."

I didn't want to take her, didn't want to share her company with anyone, let alone a large crowd.

Something vulnerable entered her eyes. "I almost forgot. You don't want to be seen with me."

My gut clenched. That wasn't even accurate, but now I had to prove otherwise.

Goddammit.

And there was another, more persistent devil of a doubt that had me caving fast. I didn't want to be boring to her, to be too tame for the wild part of her, and attending a party at Turner's house was bound to be anything but that.

I bent down and kissed her briefly, rubbing her shoulders. "That's not true at all. I don't want to go because I want to be alone with you, but if it's that important, we'll swing by. I'm not staying more than two hours, though, I'm warning you right now."

She hugged me. "Do you mind stopping at a store on the way? I don't have to swim, but you know I love the water."

There wasn't a store on the way, but I wasn't telling her that. Knowing her, I was half-afraid that if she didn't have a suit, she'd somehow end up swimming naked.

"I don't mind at all. Just tell me where you go to buy suits. I haven't shopped at an actual store in years. I do everything online."

I wound up GPSing some women's swimsuit shop that was about thirty minutes out of the way on a ten-minute drive.

I didn't complain. It was more time having her to myself before the chaos began, because any party where I showed up with Iris for the first time would surely be that.

She was a quick shopper, didn't even try the bikini on, just grabbed a neon yellow number that was just the most minuscule series of strings and triangles.

"Oh, I love this color!" the sales clerk said as she checked her out. "It's called Sun Worshipper. Isn't that the perfect name for it?"

Iris agreed, and then proceeded to nearly make a scene when I tried to pay, instead using her own cash.

I backed off quickly, easily embarrassed by scenes, though it was all infuriating, so infuriating that I stormed out of the store as she finished up.

I'd never so much as taken her out to dinner. It made my allegation that she was interested in my money all the more ridiculous, which I thought was her point.

She came out a few minutes later, wearing the suit.

I could barely look at her without embarrassing myself, that's how sexy it was.

In fact, I made a point of not looking at her body after she had it on.

But I got enough of a look to have it burned into my memory.

Permanently.

It wasn't that it was especially small. It was tiny, but I'd seen her wear tiny bikinis before. The triangles that covered her were about the normal size for a string bikini.

It was the strings that turned the thing into pure wickedness. They laced together over her cle**age up to the base of her neck, teasing along the skin, pulled taut over her pushed together cle**age, making each inch uncovered all the more sinful. The same effect of intertwined laces played over her hips, and right down to the V of material right over her sex.

And forget about the back.

It was too much, laces barely covering the top of her ass, looking like they might come apart at any second.

"You don't wear a cover-up or anything?" I asked her, voice low and rough.

"Nope. Do you like the suit?"

I nodded, not looking at her. If I started talking about how she looked, even just to compliment her, I knew I'd be hard for an hour, so I didn't say another word about it, willing my hard-on to go away by the time we got to the party.

On the way back to the car, I commented on the huge stack of cash I'd seen in her purse.

Of course, I knew what it was from, remembering well her gambling problem, but it seemed prudent to point it out. Perhaps I'd get a square answer from her, for once.

And I did. Disconcertingly so.

She shot me that level stare over the top of the car for a long moment before getting in.

"You know where that money's from," said Iris, finally. "You think I didn't notice you following me all those nights?"

She said this just as I was starting the car. It stopped me in my tracks. I looked at her, shocked speechless for the longest time.

She'd known all along when I'd been following her, and hadn't commented, hadn't minded?

"You never said anything," I pointed out.

She sighed. "Neither did you. I knew you were imagining I was up to worse things. I thought it would make you feel better to see that I wasn't up to anything too troublesome."

"Don't kid yourself, Iris. A gambling problem is pretty damned troublesome."

She grinned. "Gambling is only a problem if you lose. If you recall, I never lose."

I couldn't argue with that. I never had seen her lose.

I had my own theories about it, but I felt silly even thinking it, let alone asking.

"Were you ever a cigarette girl?" I asked, since she was actually handing out answers, for once.

"Never."

"Where have you been for the last two months?"

I was sorry I asked, because the question effectively quelled that rare flow of information.

"Tammy is going to be there," I told her when we were nearly at Turner's house only just then remembering to warn her.

"You're still going to parties with your ex-wife? You two getting along better now?"

I flushed. "Not at all. And I'm not going with her. I'm going, and I got wind that she's crashing the thing. I just thought I should warn you."

"So she's still after you," she said, her tone perfectly blank.

I had no idea what to say to that or even if it could be true.

It was five p.m. when we finally pulled up to Turner's estate. The place was packed, music blasting in back that could be heard as you pulled onto the drive.

It was a madhouse, which I'd expected, but I found that it agitated me more now that I was bringing Iris into said madhouse.

Turner met us at the front door, shirtless and holding a cocktail. He was ripped, his tan chest gleaming. If it had just been us guys, I'd have immediately started ragging on him about oiling himself up. As it was, I didn't want to draw any attention to his body, if there was any shot Iris hadn't noticed on her own.

He grinned, clapping me on the back, then froze and blinked a few times as he caught sight of Iris.

"You must be Iris," he guessed with a smile.

She beamed at him. She liked that I'd obviously been talking about her to him, though I hoped she never knew that I'd shared way too many specifics about our sex life.

I'd never been one to give out details like that, never before at least, but I'd started hanging out with Turner after she'd left, when I'd needed to vent, and so way too much information had been shared. My only excuse was that I needed someone to talk to, because I honestly thought I'd never see her again.

Still, I hoped she never found out just how explicitly familiar Turner was with the things she and I had done together.

"Dair has told me only the most wonderful things about you," Turner told her engagingly, and without even asking, walked up and gave her a big, tight embrace-the perverted motherfucker.

"Holy shit," he mouthed over her shoulder at me, the hug lingering a few beats more than I liked.

I gave him a less than friendly look, and he let her go, grinning unabashedly.

"I'm surprised you weren't out back," I told him, pulling Iris closer to me, throwing my arm over her shoulder. "Why you hanging out inside during your own party?"

He made a face. "Just random chance I was in here. Had a ten-minute conference call that couldn't be avoided. You know how it is. Anyway, it's done now, and I saved you a spot in the shade. This way." He started moving through the house, and we followed, Iris still plastered to my side, tight enough that I could feel one ripe tit rubbing into my ribcage.

Fuck. I moved away from her in an effort not to embarrass myself.

Turner took us to the best seat in the house, a covered cabana with perfect views and access to the pool.

I took my shirt off, though I was in the shade, and I didn't need to work on my tan. My natural coloring, combined with the fact that I swam outside nearly every day, took care of that.

A waiter came and got our drink orders almost instantly.

I ordered a Mai Tai, but Iris just asked for water.

Who did that?

A wild party girl who drank water instead of cocktails.

As always, she was a contradiction.

CHAPTER EIGHT

I found myself talking with Turner while Iris swam and mingled with the other people in the pool. She'd seemed restless as soon as we sat, so we'd cut her loose to play.

It wasn't lost on me that this was what you did with children at parties, not lovers.

"Did you say she's twenty-four?" Turner asked, watching her laugh at something some guy that had sidled up to her in the water was telling her.

I was watching, too, fists clenched, so it took me a minute to hear his question. "Yeah. Twenty-four."

"I hate to say this to you, man, especially considering how well I know you and your straight-laced tendencies, but that chick is not twenty-four."

That threw me. "I made her show me her ID; first time I took her home."

He had a good long laugh at that one. "Of course you did."

"I studied it. It didn't look fake."

He laughed some more, really enjoying himself. "Of course you f**king did. Well, I hate to say this too, but she showed you a f**king fake ID, because that chick is not twenty-four. It must have been a good one, to fool you."

"I studied it. It looked legit. Wait, so how old do you think she is?"

"Barely f**king legal, that's how old. Definitely not twenty-four. Trust me. I'm a pro at this. You don't get far in this life as loaded as I am, if you don't learn well how to avoid all of the jailbait thrown your way. You were married to that nutjob for half of your sorry life, so you haven't had to worry about these things."

I felt slightly ill.

Was he just talking shit, or could he be right?

"I'll check it again."

I saw him shrug out of the corner of my eye. "I wouldn't be too worried about it," he mused.

"Why's that?" I asked.

Iris, who we'd both been watching, turned and pulled herself out of the water, soaking wet and facing us.

"Holy shit, she is smoking," he said reverently. "You weren't exaggerating. Not one f**king bit."

I saw Turner's head turning my way and craned my neck to meet his laughing eyes.

He bit his knuckles, and I almost smiled, and also almost punched him in the teeth.

"My educated guess would be she's somewhere between eighteen and twenty," he finally answered. "You can f**k her, just don't buy her any alcohol."

He laughed hard about that.

I wasn't finding the subject funny myself.

Not even a little. Just another thing to worry about where she was concerned.

I moved on to yet another touchy subject, wanting to get his take, though I knew I wasn't going to like his brand of truth on this, either. "That guy in the Jaguar dropped her off at my house. She didn't want me to see, but I saw him. He saw me, too. He doesn't like me much better than I do him."

I turned to meet his pointed look.

"It's that generation, I'm telling you."

"Your generation," I remarked.

"Well, I'm at least seven years older than your Iris, but yeah, basically. Women get around more. Especially the hot ones. You have to consider how many options a girl like that has. Everything with a penis has pretty much been swinging it in her direction since she was fifteen, I'd bet. Have you ever asked her how many partners she's had?"

I grimaced. "No. I don't want to know. Thinking about it makes me feel violent."

"Well, that's hardly productive, especially since you've been hitting that bareback. You really need to ask these things."

"Trust me, I know how stupid I've been, but I don't have the stomach for it."

"You are a bundle of contra-fucking-dictions my man, but I won't knock you for it. She is ... whew, she is enough to make you forget you ever had a brain, let alone how to use it."

He wasn't wrong.

"I can't stand the thought of her with that guy, or f**k, any guy. It keeps me up at night, but she won't so much as talk about him."

"Being possessive gets you exactly jack shit. I can't figure out why you do it."

I studied him like he was a science experiment. "Are you saying you've never felt possessive of a woman?"

"Never. Fuck no. What a useless sentiment. Not even a little bit."

I shook my head. "You've never had real feelings for a woman before, then."

"I beg to differ. Isn't 'me man, me have boner,' a feeling?"

That surprised a deep laugh out of me, partly at his expense. "Shit, man, you are in for it. You think you're invincible, but some woman is going to come along and shake up your whole world one of these days. You better just hope she's not as heartless as you are."

"I'd rather spend my time hoping she has a rack like Iris, f**k, or just her clone would be nice."

I socked him hard in the arm.

He bit his lip to keep from laughing.

Iris was talking to a group of young attractive girls in bikinis. They seemed to get on well right off the bat, even started dancing with each other in short order.

Iris started shaking her ass and h*ps in a familiar way.

I pointed it out to Turner, who I was sure had been watching the whole f**king time, the bastard.

"That thing she's doing, is that twerking?" I asked him, feeling ancient and a little slow, but wanting to know.

"Holy hell, yes it is." He whistled long and low. "No wonder she's an ace in bed. Smooth. My God. I bet she works your c**k so good it scrambles your brain."

I punched him harder in the arm. His tone and words had earned him that and more.

He grimaced, rubbing the spot where I'd hit him twice. They hadn't been light blows. "My bad."

We were both momentarily distracted when one of the girls Iris was dancing with reached to finger the strings draping her hips.

I heard Turner suck in a sharp breath.

I socked him in the arm again, because I was pretty sure I could read his mind.

After a vigorous (and distracting) round of dancing, Iris approached the cabana.

"Will you show me to the powder room?" she asked me, breathless from her exertions.

"I can show you," Turner told her.

I glared at him and stood.

"We'll be back," I said, trying my damnedest to sound neutral.

I was pretty sure I knew what she had in mind, and I was hoping it wasn't just wishful thinking on my part.

Iris looked too delectable not to touch. I wrapped my arm tight around her waist as I led her back to the house.

I squeezed her hip and put my lips to her ear. "Do you really need a powder room?" I asked.

She nodded.

Inwardly, I cursed, but I showed her the way as politely as I could.

The house had about a half a dozen bathrooms, but I led her to the one that adjoined one of Turner's downstairs gaming rooms, because the space was more private, though the room didn't have a proper door, just a secluded hallway that branched it off from the main part of the house.

"Wait here for me?" she asked, looking up to give me very good eye contact.

I nodded, taking a seat on the room's large sofa. I was already hard. I wouldn't dream of leaving now.

The music out back was pumping loud enough that even this quiet room had some bass vibrating through it.

I leaned against the couch, throwing my arms over the back, letting my head fall back. I'd only had one Mai Tai, but I wasn't much of a drinker, and it was enough to have me feeling happily relaxed.

And an afternoon of watching Iris dance in a bikini was hardly a bad deal, aching c**k or no.

I didn't open my eyes when I heard the restroom door open. I felt, more than heard, as Iris move over to me, every nerve in my body tuned in to her.

My heartbeat picked up, my c**k throbbing in time to it, as I felt a light touch against the outside of my thigh.

I reached and felt a slender ankle there. She'd perched her foot up on the couch.

"Come closer," she said softly.

I opened my eyes and shifted forward until I was sitting on the edge of my seat, face inches from her naval.

She smiled and started rolling her hips.

"Take your shorts off," said Iris.

She didn't have to say it twice. They were off in a flash.

She stayed in her tease of a bikini, dancing for me, driving me wild, and by the twinkle in her eye, loving every second of it.

I kept my hands to myself for maybe five minutes.

She threw her leg over my shoulder and started gyrating into my face.

That was my breaking point.

I had her ass cupped in my hands, my mouth nuzzling her bikini aside to eat her pu**y between one gyrate and the next, one hand still cupping her ass, the other working to untie her stringy, triangle bottoms.

I tossed them aside when that was accomplished and held her to me with both hands, going at it furiously with my tongue, partaking of her.

She was a feast, and I was a man starved.

She gripped her hands into my hair and tilted her h*ps up for a better angle, my name punching out of her lungs, over and over, like a prayer.

I relished the sound of that enough to keep going, forget about myself, and bring her over.

She never stopped saying it, even when she came against my tongue, and even after, like a mantra, she kept chanting it.

I ate it up.

Literally.

I shifted her leg until her foot was perched on top of my shoulder, tore my mouth away, and leaned back against the sofa.

This stretched her over me, and gave me a spectacular view of my own little slice of heaven, right between her gorgeously tanned thighs.

"Take your top off," I told her, shoving two fingers solidly into her cunt.

She whimpered, pulled her br**sts free from that sin of a top, and started whimpering my name again.

It was good enough for me.

I jerked my fingers in and out of her fast, relentless with it, finger f**king her until she was trembling over me, her long legs shaking.

I took pity on her then.

Her and myself.

I pulled my fingers loose, setting her propped foot down on the ground. I turned her, then brought her slowly onto my lap.

Or, more specifically, onto my cock. I arranged her, legs spread wide over my knees, head against my shoulder.

I impaled her inch by agonizing inch, until I was balls deep.

She was limp and close to reaching her pleasure. I brought her the rest of the way by slamming her down on my c**k a half dozen times.

A half dozen more had me exploding inside of her with a rough cry.

I didn't move much for a long time after. Couldn't move much. I lay limp, with her boneless on top of me.

My hands were the only thing I had the energy left to use and those just to lazily touch.

I stroked a bared breast with one hand, plucking at a sensitive nipple.

The other was between our bodies, exploring the spot where our slick sexes met, her pu**y still sheathing my cock.

I wrapped my fingers around the base of my shaft and gave a few restless jerks that agitated us both.

"Oh God," she whimpered. "It's too much."

"No, you're wrong," I murmured into her hair, twisting my hand repeatedly to rub her entrance, and my base roughly. "It's never enough. Never. Tell me, how long can you stay with me this time?"

She was starting to move, to shift against me. "A few days."

It would have to be enough, and it was certainly better than the last time, when she'd barely given me a night.

"You enjoy messing with me, don't you?" I asked, still twisting and jerking my hand, working us both up into another frenzy.

"I enjoy doing anything at all with you, Dair, but I'm not playing you, if that's what you're asking."

The fact that she could still lie even with me buried inside of her sated cunt had me riled in an all new way, and abruptly, I pulled her off me, arranging her on her knees between my spread legs.

She didn't have to ask what I wanted.

I watched through half-lidded eyes as she bent over, tonguing me, watched my tip as it pushed past her lips, felt as it slid along the roof of her mouth, hit the back of her throat, and went deeper, squeezed tighter by the inch.

I gripped a handful of her silky hair, and her plush tit and enjoyed the view as she deep throated me.

Perversely, getting my c**k sucked made it impossible to hold onto any sort of animosity or even so much as remember the cause.

I was done being riled and back to being smitten with a few enthusiastic bobs of her head.

I figured there was probably a name for this, something Turner would know, when she sucked me off while I was still covered in our last bout of sex.

I didn't know the name, but I did know that it felt incredible, and that the memory would definitely be stored in my mind for future jerk-off sessions.

I warned her when I was getting close, but sweet girl that she was, that just had her latching on tighter, and sucking even harder when I shot down her throat.

CHAPTER NINE

We used one of Turner's showers to clean up, and got back into our suits, since Iris unfortunately wanted to stay at the party.

I'd have preferred to go home and pass out, but I was also in the mood to indulge her.

She was tying herself back into her bikini while I pulled on my swim trunks when she said something that gave me pause.

"Tammy saw us. She didn't look too happy."

I straightened, blinking at her. "Tammy saw us? What do you mean?"

She was pulling the strings of her top into the complicated pattern that kept her at something approaching decent. It was fascinating to watch each of her pale pink ni**les disappear under a little triangle of fabric, so fascinating I had a hard time focusing on my own question.

Her answer, however, brought me back. "She came into the room while we were ha**ng s*x and saw us."

I ran my tongue over my teeth, studying Iris.

She didn't appear the least bit concerned that someone had apparently watched us f**king.

She saw the look I was giving her and grinned. "What did you expect? We had sex in a room without a door, at a party. We're lucky we didn't draw a crowd."

"What exactly did she see? And when did you notice this?"

"When I was on your lap, riding you. She was hovering in the doorway. I can't be sure, but I think she may have watched the whole thing. She was upset, I could tell."

Was it all women, or just the ones I knew, that I couldn't understand to save my own life?

"Why didn't you say something?" I asked slowly, stressing the words.

"I didn't want you to stop. I was so close to coming. And who cares? Let her watch. Let her see that you've moved on."

I hated the invasion of privacy, but I would have been a hypocrite if I'd taken issue, considering all the details of our sex life I'd shared with Turner.

Still, talking about and seeing were two very different things. If Turner had watched us having sex, I'd have punched him in the nuts, and worse.

"I'd have preferred she not see us like that," I explained, using my most reasonable tone.

"Well, that wasn't exactly an option. She'd already seen us. You were inside of me, buried to the hilt, when I noticed her. And correct me if I'm wrong, but if you'd confronted her, she wouldn't have just left calmly and let us finish. It would have been a screaming match. Given the choice between an amazing orgasm, or a frustrating argument, which would you choose?"

I couldn't dispute any of it, and none of this was on her, anyway. "You're right. I'm sorry. I'm not upset with you. It's her. It's infuriating that she's still finding ways to mess with me. I look forward to the day when she doesn't get to me."

"Your divorce got really ugly," she observed.

"Yes. I've clocked in a lot of hours, expended a lot of energy despising that woman. How did I spend so much time on a woman like that? She's so hateful. And also, so easy to hate."

"When you invest in negative, it's like owning stock. You made the mistake of doing that, by playing her little games, falling into her little traps, but it's not the end of the world. You need to just sell it back, and move on with your life."

Another statement I couldn't dispute. "I'm getting better at it," I reassured her.

"What do you mean?"

"Moving on with my life. It took me a while, but I've done it."

"Good. But don't move too fast. I'd hate to see you move on from me."

"Well, quit leaving all the time, and you won't have to worry."

She was fully dressed, wet hair scraped back from that flawless face of hers. "I'll always come back. Just remember that."

I wanted so badly to believe her that for the moment I did.

Things had changed a bit when we finally made our way back to the party.

Turner now shared his cabana with the three girls that had been dancing with Iris earlier. One was dancing on his lap, one plastered to his side, the other dancing in front, putting on an impressive display.

Even three of them weren't enough of a distraction to keep him from spotting me nearly the second we stepped outside. He started waving me over.

With a sigh, I went.

Iris stopped me with a touch.

I turned, looking down at her.

She reached her arms around my neck, standing on her tiptoes while she pulled me down to kiss her.

It was a long, hot kiss. She didn't hold back, letting me have it, sucking on my tongue.

When she pulled back a few of my IQ points had transferred below my waist, and I wasn't thinking too clearly.

She gave me some good, steady eye contact. "I'm going to swim and probably dance. I'll come join you in a bit, okay?"

I nodded, then watched her walk away.

By the time I reached Turner, the girls had left the cabana. They'd gone to dance with Iris, and I wasn't sure if it was their idea, or if he'd kicked them out.

"Well, I don't have to ask what you've been up to," he said wryly as I took a seat a few feet to his right.

"Good. Don't."

Because he was smarter than he looked, he dropped the subject right there.

"Your ex is here," he said casually.

I scowled. "So I've heard."

"She was flying around out here on her broomstick earlier, but it's strange, she keeps disappearing into the house. Should I be worried about the silver? Or worse, my collection of Macs?"

"Hell if I know. I gave her millions, and she still hits me up for money every time I see her. And I guess she just spied on Iris and me going at it in your rec room."

He shot me a look, and I grimaced. I shouldn't have said that, but it was too infuriating not to share.

"So she saw you ... ?" he prompted.

I waved that off. "I'm not giving details, you pervert, not anymore, not now that you can put a face on the whole thing."

"But what a face," he mused, and I knew he was watching Iris. She was laughing as dancing with the other girls.

"Stop it," I warned.

"I wasn't doing anything. I wasn't picturing even one elicit thing. Holy shit, look at her rolling those hips. She's a f**king pro."

The girls started getting loud, hooting and clapping, and I glanced over to see Iris doing one of her mind-boggling moves, knees bent, ass swinging at sharp angles with the music's heavy bass.

"What's that called?" I asked Turner, trying not to drool.

"That's booty popping. Every white sorority girl in the world tries that move, usually badly, but f**k me, she knows how to do it right."

I punched him in the arm.

"I swear to God, I'm getting some poles installed back here. I'd bet money she knows how to work a pole."

I socked him again, the perverted bastard.

"Quit looking at her," I told him, right as Iris caught my eye and winked.

"Holy shit, man. She's going to chew you up and spit you out, isn't she?"

"It's likely," I agreed wryly.

Even after coming twice in quick succession, I was getting worked up just watching her dance.

"See that chick that keeps touching your girl's hips?" Turner asked at one point.

I had noticed that, and kept telling myself that it was an insane mouth-breathing move to get jealous of another woman touching her while dancing. "Yeah," I said shortly, not about to admit to my insane possessive streak. He wouldn't understand, anyway.

"I'm going to f**k that one. We'll practically be Eskimo brothers with the way my girl is freaking yours."

"I don't know what the f**k that means, and I don't want to."

"Yeah, no, don't look it up. You won't like it. It was probably way out of line. You know I have no filter." Of course he was laughing as he said it, and he was dead-on about the lack of filter. We'd discussed it many times. It was just one of his quirks.

He was working on it, but I still gave him a dirty look.

CHAPTER TEN

"Ahh shit, here comes trouble," Turner said, looking way too happy about it.

I glanced back at the spot beside the pool that had turned into a girl on girl grinding spot. Nothing unusual there, but a new addition, two hot women, were approaching our cabana.

Turner rose and embraced first the dark haired one, then the brown-haired one.

The women were opposites, appearance wise, but both were beautiful, and I could tell right away they were a couple.

The black-haired, tattooed one couldn't keep her hands off the other one, and they were both wearing next to nothing, some of the tiniest bikinis I'd ever seen, so it was a lot of skin on skin contact that was hard to mistake for anything but what it was. Yep, they were a couple.

Turner hugged the one with light brown, thick wavy hair, and she said something to him in a heavy accent.

"Frankie, Estella, this is my good friend, Dair," Turner introduced.

I shook their hands, trying not to stare at Frankie's (the black-haired one) very bared body, but it was difficult, since so much of her skin was covered in some rather interesting tattoos.

Iris was suddenly beside us, looking so excited she might start jumping up and down any second. I was okay with that, in fact there wasn't much I loved more than watching her bounce.

"Oh my god! Frankie and Estella Abelli! I'm such a huge fan!" she got out, looking and sounding as young as I'd ever seen her. It was absolutely adorable, but I was a little lost.

Turner caught my puzzled look. He rolled his eyes. "I take it you've never heard of Frankie's reality show," he guessed.

I nodded. "You would be right."

I should have known.

Iris loved her reality TV.

Frankie and Estella were quickly recruited to join the dancing mass of girls.

"I'm surprised no guys are trying to get in on that action," I remarked, trying not to grimace every time any of the girls' hand made any contact with a part of Iris' body, though I could tell they were all just having fun.

I was way too old-fashioned for my own good.

"I didn't invite that many guys, and the ones I did know not to mess up my view."

I rolled my eyes. I should have known. He was such a lech.

We had another round of Mai Tais and just kept watching the show.

"I was only going to stay two hours," I told Turner, five hours into the party.

He laughed. "Good job with that. Well, you can't leave now. Look how much fun your girl's having."

I looked. I'd been looking, didn't know how to stop.

She was tireless, the whole lot of them were, dancing to every song, calling out the DJ when one didn't have a strong enough beat.

"Uh oh," Turner said, and I looked from Iris to follow his gaze, which was trained on the large double doors that led into his playground of a backyard.

Tammy stood there, holding a cocktail in one hand, and scoping the crowd. She was wearing an itty-bitty red bikini, and I swore she got thinner every time I saw her. Every bone seemed to protrude from her pale skin, starkly defined.

Maybe she'd taken up crack. She certainly had the jacked up personality for it.

Not all of her was skinny anymore, though. Big, fake-looking implants now dominated her chest. She looked in danger of tipping over at any moment, and had her chest thrust forward to show it off, as though anyone could miss the new additions.

She'd upgraded since I saw her last.

"Where has she been all this time?" I wondered aloud. "Just hanging out inside?"

"I'm telling you, she's in there looking for things to lift," said Turner. "If I find out something's missing after this, I'll know where to look. I'm having Candy take inventory after tomorrow."

Tammy's focus fixed, unsurprisingly, in the direction of Iris and, hand settling on her hip, she started striding in that direction, her gait a bit awkward on five-inch stilettos, which were another thing she'd never have been caught dead wearing when she was married to me.

"Fuck," I said softly, succinctly, standing up.

I was not sure what to do or how worried to be. Tammy was completely unpredictable to me, at this point.

And if she laid one single finger on Iris, I wasn't sure I wouldn't lose my shit.

Turner stood as well, letting out his own long-winded litany of curses. "I hate it when women fight each other. There's no good way to handle it."

I started to move when Tammy reached Iris, whirling the other woman to face her with a hand on her shoulder.

The crazy bitch was actually going to go there.

I couldn't quite believe it, even as I was seeing it with my own eyes.

I didn't hear everything, but I did hear the words 'trashy' and 'tacky' coming out of Tammy.

That irritated the hell out of me.

Iris wasn't trashy or tacky.

Tammy was.

Iris was adorable, and sexy, and too good to be true.

I was still out of reach when Tammy screeched the word, "Whore!" loudly and threw her cocktail, glass and all, at Iris, then flew at her, claws first.

The glass hit Iris on the shoulder, liquid flying everywhere, then shattered on the ground at her feet.

Before anyone, including me, could interfere, Iris jerked back from Tammy's reach, turned her entire body around with a swift twist, and gave the other woman one firm kick to the chest, sending her back a good three feet, and into the pool.

Apparently my Iris knew how to defend herself.

I shouldn't have been surprised.

I reached her in the next beat, picking her up by the waist to keep her feet safe from broken glass, stepping on it myself in order to keep her unscathed.

I took her a few yards away, hugging her against me, hands stroking over her hair, her back, murmuring soothing words even as I glared daggers at my ex, who currently looked like an angry, drowned rat.

Tammy glared right back, hateful eyes just for me.

I had officially had it with that woman.

"Never again," I told her loudly. "You will never touch her again or you will be f**king sorry. I should have you arrested for assault."

"Don't," Iris said into my chest. "I'm fine. She didn't hurt me."

I look down at her, pulling her back by the shoulders to get a good look at her.

Not only did she not look shaken, she looked downright cheerful about the whole thing.

Confusing woman.

Turner escorted Tammy out personally, and I had to stifle a laugh when I heard him break out his best lecturing voice, telling her that she should be ashamed of herself. Somehow, he pulled it off, and she left without much of a fight.

"I'm sorry," said Iris quietly, her eyes on her feet.

My eyes tried to bug out of my head.

She'd been physically attacked, and she was sorry? I wouldn't have blamed her if she ran at a sprint away from my mess of a life, but instead she was apologizing?

"Why would you be sorry? She attacked you. I'm sorry, so sorry you had to deal with that."

Her mouth turned up slightly at one corner, her eyes twinkling, and even so, it took me a minute to realize she was nothing so much as highly amused, trying actively not to laugh aloud. "I provoked her on purpose. It's terrible, especially after my little speech about investing in the negative. Don't be mad at me, but I thoroughly enjoy getting a rise out of her. It's not that I'm prone to jealousy; I just ... really don't like her. And it felt really good to kick her."

I started laughing. Started and just couldn't stop, not for a long time. Finally, I got out, "What did you say to her to get her so angry?"

"She walked up angry. You know, because she watched us having sex. She came up and told me about it. I guess she did watch the entire thing, and felt the need to tell me I was nasty, trashy, and tacky for going down on you after we f**ked, in someone else's house, no less." She shrugged. "I told her I wouldn't even know how to tell you no, that you and I have done everything together that you wanted, that I'd take your dick every way I could have it, because it belongs to me now."

I couldn't hold back a strangled choke of a laugh, and also, a glow of pleasure that seemed to touch on every part of my body, inside and out.

"Oh, yeah, and I told her that anything we did, anywhere we did it, was less nasty, trashy, and tacky than getting deep throated in your husband's house by another man."

"Holy shit," I mouthed.

"Oh, and then I called her a washed-up slut. I think that last bit was what set her off."

"No kidding," I said wryly. That would do it.

It wasn't until I tried to walk that I realized my feet had been sliced up by the broken glass.

The cuts were superficial, but you wouldn't know it by the way Iris freaked out at the sight of my blood.

She sat me down on the concrete at the side of the pool and insisted on tending to each cut herself. She fretted over my wounds like they were her own, only, I didn't think she'd be this concerned for herself.

Her doting attention was flattering, and that tender little spot in my chest just kept getting bigger.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

"Can I see your ID again?" I asked her abruptly on the drive home, Turner's observations getting to me.

She seemed unfazed. "I don't have my license on me. Is that a problem?"

"You brought a purse," I pointed out.

"It's not in there. Next time I visit, I'll show it to you, if it's that important."

That sort of defeated my purpose and did nothing to allay my fears.

"You are really twenty-four, right?" I asked, shooting her a long probing glance as I stopped at a red light.

She gave me a bland smile. "I said so, didn't I?"

"That's not an answer."

"Yes, of course. You saw my ID. It looked legit, right?"

I sighed. Even her wording was incriminating, and I didn't think that was an accident. "It did. But it needs to do more than look legit."

"Quit stressing yourself out, baby. Some things you just need to trust me on."

That right there riled me faster than just about anything else could.

"Trust you? How about you start telling me the truth about things, start giving me the whole story, and then we can talk about trust."

"I trust you," she said quietly. "Always have. Sometimes you just have to go with your gut."

"I know you've lied to me. My gut tells me that you lie to me more than you tell me the truth. What am I supposed to do with that? How does that add up to any kind of trust? Go ahead, try to tell me you haven't lied to me."

"Yes, I've lied. I'm a liar." Her tone was so calm and matter of fact that it had my fists clenching on the steering wheel. "I grew up surrounded by lies, they were something I had to, have to navigate to survive. That doesn't mean you and I aren't real. It doesn't make my I love you any less true."

I'd been trying hard not to bring that up, but since she had ... "Bullshit. I can't believe you said that. You barely know me, certainly not enough to be sure you love me."

"I do know you, Dair. I know you're kind. I know you're good. I know you're stubborn and more loving, more nurturing than even you realize. I know you, Dair, in every way that counts. And I am sure of you, and how I feel. I think you're confusing things. It's you that's not sure."

I swallowed hard, flushing at the things that wanted to come out of my mouth. I'd never been good with these kinds of words. "I know you're giving. I know you're kind. I know you're smart, and beautiful, and too good to be true."

And, of course, that last bit was the whole problem.

"I know nothing about your past," I added.

"We aren't defined by our pasts," she shot back. "We are who we are. You don't have to know where I grew up, what year I was born, to know the woman in front of you."

We were at the house, and I pulled into the garage, turning off the car.

We said not a word to each other as we went inside, then up to my room.

We got ready for bed in silence.

We were lying down on our sides, me wrapped around her from behind, before she broke it.

"I love you," she said, voice quiet and firm.

"You can't possibly know that yet," I chastised, though every time she said those words it felt like balm on my bruised heart.

"Fine. I won't say it again, if it bothers you that much."

My gut clenched at the finality in her voice, but I knew it was for the best.

"I don't have good judgement when it comes to you," I said into the darkness, breaking another long silence that had overtaken us.

She shifted, turning until her face was buried in my chest.

I burrowed my face into her hair, breathing in her scent.

She pulled my head down until she could speak into my ear. "Maybe good judgement is overrated. Maybe it's time for you to be bad."

CHAPTER TWELVE

She stayed for three days. It was heaven.

The only hell was knowing that she'd leave again.

It was on the second morning, as I was taking her from behind, bright sunlight streaming over her lovely back, that I noticed an unusual scar on the soft spot just inside of her shoulder blade, a few inches from her spine. It was a small circle, about the size of the tip of my finger. It was very precise.

I finished inside of her, on my knees behind her. She was on all fours.

We were still panting, recovering, when I traced the scar softly.

"What's this from?" I asked her.

She wiggled a bit, to distract me, I thought.

I pulled out, determined to get answers before I went off the deep end again. "It's unusual. Tell me how it happened?"

She sighed, and rolled onto her back, her thighs sprawling wide apart.

Another blatant distraction that I had to work hard to overlook.

"You really want to know?" she asked, and just from the light tone of her voice, I didn't figure she was going to give me the truth.

"Yes," I said anyway, because even her lies told me something.

"It's a bullet wound. I was shot. Curiosity killed the cat and all that, but I still have a few lives left."

My whole body tensed up.

She caught my expression and burst out laughing. "Oh Dair. You should see your face. You're too much."

She did such a good job of mixing lies and half-truths that I couldn't decide what she was using on me just then. "So if that's a bullet wound, who shot you?"

She shrugged, still smiling. "I was kidding. It was an accident at camp one year. Some kid poked me with a burning stick. Don't even remember his name."

I continued to scrutinize her.

The way she operated, one of those was a lie, one the truth, or at least half a truth.

The first one, I decided, the way she'd thrown it out so teasingly, purposely throwing me off.

"It's a bullet wound," I said, sure of it now, and sick to my stomach at the thought. "Who shot you?"

She shrugged again. "Doesn't matter. The who is irrelevant."

"How is that not relevant? What's more relevant than that?"

"Believe me, it is beyond mattering now. He won't be shooting anyone else."

"What was his motivation?" I asked, because sometimes she gave me answers when I found just the right question.

She smiled ruefully. She knew what I was up to. "Money, most likely, though I can't be sure."

"You're saying someone was paid to shoot you?" It was worse even than I'd thought.

"Paid, no, I doubt it. He wasn't alive to collect. But he was hired, and I doubt it was just to shoot me. I'm pretty sure his job was to kill me."

I was still reeling when she rose from the bed and headed into the bathroom to shower.

Eventually I followed, far from done with the subject.

"Do you have any clue why someone would be hired to kill you?" I asked her, as I joined her in the shower.

She didn't speak, just turned and started washing my body, particularly my spent cock.

That she made pristine with several vigorous strokes from her soapy hands.

With a curse, I freed myself, warding her off. "Stop. I'm not going to drop this."

She turned away, going back to washing her hair.

"Please, tell me," I pleaded quietly.

She turned my way again, this time washing her own body.

I deliberately didn't look.

"I can't tell you any more," she finally answered, voice final. "I've said too much already."

"No. You can't do that. It's not fair."

She finished cleaning herself, and stepped out of the shower, sending me one rueful smile before she turned away. "Fair? Who said anything about fair? None of this was ever supposed to be fair, baby."

On that confounding, infuriating note, she walked out of the room.

I caught up with her again in the kitchen.

She was cooking breakfast.

French toast.

She was shameless.

The smell of cinnamon filled the room even as I stared at her, jaw clenched.

I kept my distance, putting the entire kitchen island between us. "You know I can't drop this. I get that there are some things you don't think you can share with me, but I need some sort of an explanation here."

She kept cooking in silence.

Finally, I went into the dining room, sitting down to wait for her.

She started coming in and out of the room, setting the table, bringing in plates, silverware, syrup, butter, jam.

I was too agitated to even offer to help. Instead, I just watched her and brooded.

Her hair was wet, her face clean and flawless.

She wore a tight tank top (no bra) that read, 'Are you kitten me right meow?' and some hot pink cheer shorts that had the waistband rolled so the shorts covered less than most panties.

Well, not less than her panties. But her panties were typically nothing more than lacy strings.

It was a distracting outfit. I tried my best not to be distracted.

She brought in a heaping platter of French toast and bacon, setting them close to my plate, serving me without a word.

We ate in silence, my eyes on her, her eyes anywhere but on me.

She cleared the table when we finished, and again, I didn't lift a finger to help. I was determined to sit here until she gave me something.

She came back after cleaning up, hovering close to the side of my chair.

I could smell her, mixed with cinnamon. I could feel the heat of her, even when we weren't touching.

We were waging a silent war, and we both knew she was winning.

"How can I trust you, if you don't share anything with me?" I asked, voice low and hoarse.

A last-ditch effort.

Finally, she gave me something.

"My life is very messy." Her voice caught, and that caught me.

I turned in my chair to stare up at her.

I had the sudden and gripping realization that she was scared.

"Are you in some kind of trouble now?"

Her mouth twisted into a rather bitter smile, which turned into a short unhappy laugh. "Yes, you could say that."

Something tight clasped my chest. "Are you in danger?"

Again that short, bitter laugh. "Yes, Dair, I'm in danger."

I was pulling her down onto my lap in a flash, stroking her shoulders, her hair, her face, frantic at the thought.

I couldn't stand it, didn't know what to do with myself if someone hurt her. "Let me help you. I can help. Tell me what's going on, and I'll fix it for you."

Her face softened, and she leaned into me, nourished with our proximity-a flower basking in the sun. "Oh, Dair. You're everything I could have hoped for. Just the best."

"Tell me what I can do. Please. Anything you need."

She kissed me, her lips soft and hot, her little tongue playing at my lips, her expert hand snaking between our bodies, going for my cock.

I stopped the hand and pulled away from her lips.

I was too worried to go there just then. I needed to start planning the course of action that would get my beautiful Iris out of trouble.

"We need to talk about this. Tell me what kind of trouble you're in. We need to figure out how to get you out of danger. How can I become involved?"

She tried to kiss me again, and when I held her back, her hands went to the bottom of her shirt, peeling it off, topless for me between one second and the next. "Let's not talk about this now. I need you." She moved to straddle me.

I held her off with a few deep breaths for self-control and firm hands on her shoulders.

But she was determined, and I was, as always when it came to her, outclassed. My eyes were on her hands, which were overflowing with her own flesh, kneading at it, plucking at her ni**les as she tried to seat herself properly. Still, I put up a good fight, for a time.

She moved off me, peeling down her shorts and panties, ass facing me for the perfect view.

"Iris, please, tell me how I can help you."

She moved to straddle me again.

My hands went to her hips, my eyes pleading with hers.

"Dair, you can't. I can't even help myself. All you can do is go down with me, and I would never let that happen. Never. Let's not waste our time together fighting about it." I knew that tone, her immovable one. I was all too familiar with it.

She didn't undress me, just shifted my shorts down, freeing my length. She moved flush against me, working herself onto my cock.

I cupped the sides of her br**sts, pushing them together.

I bent down, folding my torso to bury my face there, nuzzling and then licking my way to a nipple. I sucked it hard as she impaled herself enthusiastically, again and again, riding me roughly.

Her cool, damp hair brushed against me with every jarring bounce; her sweet breath puffing out to mingle with mine.

She started chanting my name as she got close.

I decided that was my favorite thing.

Ever.

She squeezed me hard as she came, and I let loose, gripping her h*ps to slam her harder against me, loud slapping noises filling the huge space.

I came, balls deep and stayed there.

We were clutching each other, panting, mouths to the other's ear, still recovering, when I found the breath to speak again.

"I want to help you," I rasped. "Please. I need to save you from whatever it is you're running from."

Her voice was unsteady, but her arms weren't. They were wrapped around me like she was holding on for dear life. "You've already saved me, Dair. More than you'll ever know."

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

It was just two days after she'd left my house when I got another call from an unknown number.

I answered, this time with a clue who was on the other end, and praying I was right.

"Dair," Iris breathed into my ear.

"Iris," I said evenly. "Where are you?"

"I called to tell you that, actually." There was a smile in her voice. "Are you busy?"

I shut my laptop. "Not anymore. Where are you?"

"Can you come meet me somewhere?"

I didn't hesitate. "Yes. Where?"

"I'll tell you, but I need you to do something for me when you come. It's very important."

"Anything."

Fool that I was, I meant it.

"Wear a baseball cap and dark shades, and don't bring your car. Take a taxi. Can you do that for me?"

"Yes." It was all bizarre, but that was Iris for you. "T-shirt and cargo shorts okay?"

"Yes, that's perfect. And, this is important, make sure you keep your head angled down, so no one can ID you on camera. Do you understand?"

"Sure," I said slowly, wondering if this was some kind of a prank. "Where?"

"The Cavendish Resort. Meet me at the casino valet entrance. Like I said, keep your head down."

"When?"

"Now."

I took a deep breath, then another.

When had I become such a damned hedonist?

A slave to sensation.

A glutton for punishment.

Ridiculous as it was, I lived for these crazy rides she took me on.

"On my way. Do you have a room for us?"

"Yes. Hurry, baby."

I hurried.

She was there and waiting for me as I stepped out of the taxi and up to the curb, though her appearance was drastically altered. I recognized her body first. She couldn't hide those curves, not from me.

I had them memorized.

She had on a hot pink wig, cut into a bob, and dark shades. Her lips painted cotton candy pink.

She was hovering by the doors, wringing her hands, bouncing a little in her excitement.

She wore a skintight halter version of a men's white dress shirt, with a cute little bow tie tucked into the collar. It hugged every curve, and she couldn't have been wearing a bra. Her br**sts looked obscene in it, just indecent.

As if that weren't enough, she'd paired it with a tiny leather pleated skirt that barely covered her ass, and thigh high boots with stiletto heels.

She looked like an adorable, delectable, beautiful, high-priced hooker.

"Hey," she said quietly when I stood in front of her.

"Hey," I said back. I seriously could have f**ked her right there in front of the gaping valet staff.

"Follow me."

Her back was bare, from her shoulder to the top of her ass, and my hand ran over it possessively as she turned to start walking.

"So we're, what, in disguise?" I asked.

She shot me a sidelong grin. "Yes. I'm a call girl, and you're the tourist that bought me for the night. Very Vegas."

"I have to say, I am planning to get my money's worth," I said into her ear.

She giggled.

"I love coming to this casino," she said, as we passed through the tables and into a sea of slot machines. "The owner is a super kinkster. Have you seen his sex tape?"

I had my arm wrapped around her waist and buried inside of her shirt, rubbing at her belly as we walked, and so it took me a few beats to catch up to the conversation. "Oh yeah. Hmm ... James Cavendish, right?"

"Yeah, him. So you have seen his sex tape?"

I had no notion what she was talking about. "No. The guy that owns this place? The billionaire? You're saying he has a sex tape?"

She giggled again. "Yes. Try to keep up. Some ex of his released a video of them together after he got engaged, because she was jealous of his fiancee. Rumor has it she recorded it without his knowledge, like for blackmail, but it is wild. Super kinky. Normally I hate p**n os. It just, I don't know, makes it all seem so cheap. Sex should be about losing yourself in another person, not treating them like a piece of meat you want to stick your dick in."

"But you liked this one?" I prompted her, thinking I should probably watch and take some notes, if she thought it was that wild.

"I have to say, it was hot. Pretty hardcore BDSM, though."

I stopped walking, blinking, saw her giving me a questioning look, and started moving again. "Are you into that sort of thing?" I asked carefully.

If so, I'd be doing some extensive research in the very near future.

"I'm not really into it, no, though I'm game to try anything once, if you want to." She gave me her sexy wink, which I didn't know I'd been missing until I saw it again.

I cleared my throat, keeping my head down. "Hmm, well, I never really thought about it before. I can't say I'd enjoy hurting you."

"I can live with that," she said, snuggling into my side. "It's not my scene, either. But, Dair, if there is anything you've been curious about, anything you might fantasize about, don't be shy to tell me."

That just about had me tripping over my own feet.

I was silent for a time, several things running through my head.

She studied my face very closely as we walked. "No threesomes, though," she said suddenly. "I don't want to share you."

I sent her a look that I hoped she could read through my ridiculous shades. "Is that honestly what you assume I was thinking?"

She shrugged. "Just thought I should be clear."

"Didn't even cross my mind. I don't want to share you, either."

She beamed at me.

We were nearly to a guarded set of elevators when she asked, "So what did cross your mind?"

I cleared my throat, glancing around.

"Head down," she warned, voice low.

I lowered my gaze to the floor.

She showed the security guard her room key, and he let us through.

We were in the elevator, going up, when she asked again. "Well, what crossed your mind?"

I still had my arm wrapped around her, still inside of her shirt, but I moved it out, running it over her ass cheek, then pushing my thumb high, maneuvering it around her little thong, until it was pressing against her back entrance.

She wiggled against me, meeting my eyes. "Oh, that. You can have that anytime you want, Dair. Anything else?"

I moved my finger, eyes on her body. "This dress-up role-play bit just got added to my playlist. What about you? Is there anything you fantasize about, that you'd like to do?"

"We've hit on most of them, but we're actually on our way to another right now. I'd rather show you than tell you."

She led me to a pretty insane suite.

It was multi-level, with windows that spanned one massive wall, and a pool that ran out onto the balcony and flowed off in an infinity edge that overlooked the strip.

"How on earth did you pay for this place?" I asked, studying her face. "Surely not with your gambling money?"

"Well, sort of. It's a long story. I'll tell you a bit about it, but first I want to take in the view."

She walked ahead of me, and as she did, her hands lifted her skirt briefly, tugged her little panties down, and dropped them to the floor. She didn't even break her smooth stride as she stepped out of them, and continued onto the balcony, sans underwear.

Everything else, she left on.

I was fine with that.

She went straight to the balcony's transparent fence, gripping the top of the silver railing that ran along it with both hands.

She spread her legs and arched her back, sending me a glance over her shoulder.

I knew that look. It was more than an invitation.

It was a summons.

"Is this your fantasy?" I asked, approaching her, hands busy taking off my shirt, and when that was done, pulling out my dick.

"Yes. I want you to make love to me right here, outside, with a perfect view of the neon sky."

I didn't even have to lift her skirt, it was that short.

I leaned back to watch as I pushed my h*ps forward, knees bent, my tip playing against her entrance.

She was wet and ready, and I entered her teasingly, watching each inch disappear inside of her tight cunt.

I stopped a few inches shy of buried. "Move for me. I want to see you work one of those little dance moves of yours on my cock."

She groaned and started working it, shimmying her h*ps back to take me deeper, then lifting off with an impressive arch of her hips.

She worked me like that for some time, dancing on my cock.

Blowing my mind and rocking my world.

I could only take so much, and when I'd reached my limit, I grabbed her h*ps and started slamming into her in earnest.

One of her hands left the rail to reach between her legs, and then mine, scoring her nails softly against my scrotum.

I bent over, biting her bare shoulder, my hands moving up her body, under her shirt to grip her bouncing br**sts as I finished myself off, one hand moving down to her cl*t and working it furiously until she followed me.

We didn't leave that suite for two days.

It wasn't until late on the second day, as we swam na**d in the pool, lingering at the edge, watching Sin City below us, that she told me how she'd gotten the room, though I'd asked her several times.

"I got caught counting cards here," she finally explained.

I was a bit floored by that, though I shouldn't have been.

All of the signs were there.

"It was my own fault. I know better than to try at the bigger casinos. They have people watching that know what to look for. Also, I let it go too far. I won thirty grand before they caught me, which was another mistake. I should have quit at the ten-k mark."

"Holy shit," I said, still processing the whole thing. I wasn't sure why I was so shocked.

It was so Iris.

"I'm surprised they didn't arrest you."

"It's not, strictly speaking, illegal. It usually just gets you banned from whatever property caught you, which they were nice enough not to do. But they did confiscate my winnings. And they put me up in here for three nights, though if I sit down at a table, I'll be escorted out."

I laughed. Only Iris.

But the more I thought about it, the more I didn't find it funny. "Is this counting cards habit of yours the reason someone tried to have you killed?"

Now that she found funny. "I can see where you might connect those dots, but no, not at all. Like I said, my life is messy. Always has been."

I moved behind her, watching the city over her shoulder. "You should just come home with me and stay there. Whatever it is you're scared of, it wouldn't follow you there. You'd be safe. All you have to do is stay."

She sighed, her head falling back on my shoulder. "I'd like that."

I bent to kiss her neck. "So you'll do it? You'll stay with me?"

She turned and started kissing me, her arms wrapping tight around my neck. She pulled back just long enough to murmur, "God willing, someday I will."

We spent our last evening in the suite in bed, watching television, just like old farts.

The TV was tuned into a news station when I stepped out of the restroom. This was unusual, for Iris, but I saw that she was just switching past as I came into the room.

Something had caught my attention, though, and I asked her to switch it back as I moved to join her on the bed.

She did without a word, and my jaw clenched as I saw that it was as I'd suspected.

There was a picture in the top corner of the screen of a girl of twelve or thirteen, with black hair, sporting thick glasses and a studious look. It must have been an old picture, from maybe four or five years ago.

The newscaster was droning on about today being the one year anniversary of her death, due to a tragic car accident.

It made my chest tight.

"I knew her," I told Iris, as I climbed into bed beside her.

"Oh yeah? The VP's daughter?" she asked, sounding mildly curious.

"Yes. My mother was, or is, close friends with the vice president. I can't claim the same, but we spent some time with her family, and I do remember the daughter. The sweetest girl. Very bright. So much potential. Such a tragedy." I couldn't keep the quaver from my voice. Her death still affected me, more than I cared to talk about, but I'd grown used to sharing things like this with Iris.

I glanced over at her.

She looked bored, playing with her nails, so I grabbed the remote and quickly switched the station, looking for one of her horrible shows.

"Is this a good one?" I asked her.

It was the Real Housewives of something or other, I could tell, since she'd watched this type of show before.

"Perfect," said Iris.

Though she barely watched it.

She climbed over to my lap and started sucking me off within seconds.

I tried to press the TV power button, but dropped the remote when her throat began hugging the tip of my cock.

"Jesus," I muttered, one hand gripping hard into her hair.

She was sucking like there was no tomorrow, and I was growing inside her mouth by the second.

I palmed her breast with a groan, then shifted down on the bed far enough to start inching her h*ps toward my face, yanking her panties down as I went.

She fisted my shaft and scored the nails of her other hand softly over my balls as I finally lifted her lower half by the h*ps until she was on top of me.

I went to town on her cl*t with my tongue and jammed two fingers into her, pinching her hard ni**les, squeezing them roughly, how I'd learned she liked it.

I came first, and she milked me dry while I did my best to make her follow in a hurry.

And she did, shuddering on top of me with her sweet little cries of ecstasy.

She rolled off me onto her back, and exhausted, I crawled on top, nuzzling into her br**sts, kissing my way up to her mouth, licking inside as I burrowed my spent c**k against her wet cunt.

I was emptied, done, but I wanted every part of me to touch every part of her. It was much more than the drive for sex. I knew that now.

It was a craving for intimacy that made this thing between us so unquenchable for me.

Iris made me feel human again, and I needed that more than I'd ever realized.

Her soft lips moved against mine, her tongue stroking my own.

Eventually, her hand snaked down to grasp me, pumping at my length, doing a pretty damn good job trying to revive the un-revivable, at this point.

Gently, I tugged it away, lifting up and rolling to my back.

I pulled her on top of me, settling her until we were lined up again, chest to chest, sex to sex, her now limp, flexible legs astride me, her cheek on my shoulder, my lips at her temple.

I stroked her back softly with one hand, tracing over her skin as she often did to mine, cupping her pliant ass with my other hand to keep her just where she was.

I wanted to stay like this indefinitely, keeping this contact, sharing this space.

It was impossible, but I'd do my best.

I held her tight to me and drifted off.

I woke up in nearly the same position, the only slight difference being I was completely inside of her.

She was awake, shifting slightly on my cock, letting out little moans as she rubbed her tits into my chest, her mouth hot on my neck.

It felt so good, but I needed to take her harder, needed to slam into her. I sat up, bounced her a few times with my hands on her hips, but it wasn't enough.

I lifted her off, ignoring her rather loud protests. I set her on her back and got up.

I dragged her h*ps to the edge of the mattress, pulling her ankles up over my shoulders, and slammed into her. I shouted, she screamed, and I pulled out, then did it again.

And again. And again.

Fast and hard, I f**ked her rough, my head spinning with the pleasure by the end.

I held out until she came, but barely, and let go completely after that, pushing her legs up into her chest until I was jarring into her cervix.

She let out a little yelp, but I was finished, and I held myself there as I emptied hard into the deepest part of her.

I watched her eyes as I leaned down into her, both of us floating back from sweet oblivion.

She touched my cheek, her eyes telling me things I didn't dare believe.

My heart tried to believe them anyway.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Five days after we parted ways in the casino, she showed up at my door in the middle of the night.

She was in a tigress of a mood, and I was in just the right kind of mood myself to indulge her.

"How long can you stay this time?" I asked, as I let her in.

She was already striding to the stairs, obviously heading straight for the bedroom. "Not as long as I'd like."

It was a frustrating answer, but I knew just how I wanted to take out my frustration.

I was right on her tail as she made it into the room.

My hands went to the hem of my T-shirt.

She turned and stopped my hands with hers.

"Let me," she pleaded, in a voice that brooked no refusal.

Of course, I complied.

She pulled just my arms out of my shirt, leaving the collar around my neck, pulling it taut, and wrapping it around her fist twice.

Cutting off just enough air to leave me slightly light-headed.

She slackened it almost instantly, stepping back and letting the material loose.

I reached for it, meaning to shrug it off, but she stopped me with a shake of her head.

I took off my pants instead. And my boxers.

I was fast, but she was faster, na**d and pressing against me the instant I caught up. She pushed me onto the chaise lounge near one of the room's large windows, taking me down until I was lying on my back.

She mounted me, teasing her wet cleft over the length of my erection, sliding up it until she'd pinned it flush with my stomach.

I grunted and bucked up, jostling her. She barely budged, as she already had a hold of my shirt again, using it as a handle while she straddled me.

My hands went to her hips. I was all for fun and games, but I needed her cunt, the sooner the better.

She managed to distract me from my course, still sliding over me, not letting me in, sinking down until her pu**y was hugging my scrotum, until I could feel the wet heat of her on the most sensitive part of me.

Her free hand guided first one and then both of mine up to her tits. Only when I had a firm hold on each did she take me inside of her.

She rode me, using the shirt still wrapped my neck like reins.

I bucked up at her roughly, giving her a hell of a ride.

She shifted, and started working me at a different angle that had my eyes rolling back in my head and my balls tightening, getting ready to empty in seconds.

I held off until she orgasmed, barely, and then came deep inside of her.

She kept working my cock, even after, just moving on it like she never wanted to leave.

"You're insatiable," I told her, rubbing her thighs.

"Only for you," she told me.

Hours later, sated, exhausted, I lay in bed, wide-awake.

Something was bothering me.

Enough that I couldn't sleep, instead I just lay there, her soft blonde head on my chest, while the evidence circled.

In all fairness, it had been bothering me for a while, but somehow, that night, I just couldn't stop thinking-obsessing about it.

Exhibit A: Something she'd said, months ago, but still, she'd said it.

The bit about, 'Oh yeah, I'm twenty-four, right?'

Yeah, that bit. And the fact that she'd said something similar more than once.

Exhibit B: Turner's theory that she was much younger than she claimed.

He'd seemed so sure.

Exhibit C: The fact that she refused to show me her ID again.

All of it was enough to have me worried, but the fact that I knew she made a habit of lying was the cement that had me taking action.

I slipped out of bed, slowly, carefully, so as not to disturb her.

I needed to check out her ID again.

Just to study it a little harder.

For peace of mind.

I could recall the big yellow purse she used left in the entryway. That's what I needed to look at.

I padded quietly through the house in nothing but my boxers, thinking that my life had taken a very strange turn.

I grabbed the bag where it lay on the floor, opened it, and stopped.

I went into the nearest bathroom, shut and then locked the door. I felt like enough of a bastard for invading her privacy. The last thing I wanted was to get caught doing it and then have to explain why.

I found her little pink wallet, took out her ID, and studied it for a good five minutes, turning the lights to bright, tilting it this way and that.

It looked almost perfect, but there was one small flaw along the side of her picture. It was so tiny, so minuscule of a line, that it could have been nothing.

But it just happened to run the entire length of the picture.

I almost let it go, but some devil had me searching the rest of her bag. I checked every pocket, and came up with nothing out of place. Some hand sanitizer, tissues, her tiny neon bikini, and lots of makeup,

No credit cards, though there was plenty of cash. A ridiculous amount of cash, actually, but that was no surprise at this point, so I didn't linger on it.

I'm not sure why, but I couldn't seem to stop searching, going along the lining of her bag, feeling for some secret.

Turns out, I was right to be vigilant.

A thick, heavy bulge (maybe a large wallet?) was in the lining.

Sown in.

Going for broke, I ripped it.

It was not a wallet, but three passports and eight (I counted them three times) driver's licenses were stacked into a sandwich sized Ziploc bag.

I just stood there and stared at them for the longest time, not believing that my paranoia had actually been leading me in the right direction.

I was horrified as I began to study each one.

So many names and birth dates.

The birth dates concerned me the most.

By far.

One of them placed her as young as sixteen.

I felt sick to my stomach as I stalked up to my room, evidence in hand.

I had a pain in my temple that was turning into a great black void in my vision.

"Iris," I growled, turning on every light in the room, stalking through it like a madman.

She shifted onto her back, not opening her eyes, and parted her legs, like she was ready to be taken. "Dair," she murmured, one hand moving down to rub her clit, getting nice and ready for me. The other squeezed one of her pert br**sts, puckering the nipple for me.

Even with what I'd just learned, I had to restrain myself from f**king her then and there.

Instead, I lost my temper.

Just lost it.

Flinging all of the cards, those lies of hers, onto her na**d body, followed by her yellow bag, I began to pace as she woke up with a start, looking confused as she studied the small objects I'd assaulted her with.

"You've been busy," she said wryly, her voice still rough with sleep. "Do you know what a pain in the ass it was to sew them into the seam?

"Is that all you have to say to me? What the f**k is this? What are they for? What are you playing at? And are any of them real?"

"Why don't you just ask what you really want to? Is the one that pins me at sixteen real?"

I was shaking in rage.

My voice was trembling with it.

"Is it?" I was terrified to ask, because her answer could ruin me.

"Does it matter? You've f**ked me every which way, Dair. The damage is already done, don't you think?"

"Get out!" I shouted.

I felt beyond my limits.

I didn't trust myself.

I'd never felt this betrayed before, not even when I'd caught my wife with another man.

What was it about this that I just couldn't take?

Her reaction was infuriating, because there was none.

She quietly gathered up her things, the things that I'd thrown around like a maniac, shoved them in her bag, and then walked into my closet.

When she walked out of the closet not a minute later, fully dressed and obviously planning to leave, I felt instant and extreme remorse.

"I didn't mean it," I ground out. "Don't go. Not like this. Let's talk about this."

Her face was devoid of emotion, but her voice was resigned. "No, I think this is for the best. There's really nothing to talk about. It's just what it looks like. I've lied about my identity and my age."

"Don't," I whispered, but she walked out of the room.

I followed her. I tried to take her bag from her at the top of the stairs.

We had a brief struggle before she let me have it, simply moving ahead without it.

I carried it down, still hot on her heels.

I dropped it as we neared the front door.

Some wild beast got ahold of me, and I wrenched her shirt off, leaving her in only a thin lace bra.

She kept moving, intent to leave, even without the essentials.

Like a maniac, I dragged her to the couch, pushing her down to straddle her hips, pinning her there.

She wouldn't look at me.

"Stop this," I told her, gripping her shoulders and shaking her slightly.

"You told me to leave. I won't be told twice."

"Just swear to me you aren't sixteen. Swear you're at least older than eighteen. That's the part I have to know."

"Sixteen is the legal age of consent in Nevada."

I wanted to rip my hair out.

What was she saying? "So you're only ... ?"

Her mouth twisted wryly, but she still didn't look at me. "I'm over eighteen, okay? The IDs aren't for that purpose. They're to hide my identity, not my age."

"Swear it. Look me in the eye and swear to me that you're over eighteen."

She did, her eyes steady, voice even. "I swear."

I knew she was a liar. Knew it. It was a fact that she'd lied to me before.

So why did I believe her now?

I couldn't have said why, but I did believe her, and in that moment, it was enough.

And I was just as certain that she'd never explain all of those IDs to me, so I didn't even ask.

She counted cards at casinos and had been shot with a gun before. Of course she'd have multiple identities. It was so Iris.

I kissed her, my hands going to her shorts, yanking them down, my relief so huge that it could only be expressed in one way.

She backed away from me, turning onto her stomach, then her knees. I thought at first that she was still trying to leave, but her shaking hands pulling her shorts down assured me that we were back on the same page.

I covered her, taking her from behind.

She was wet, but at that angle, I still had to ease in slowly at first.

I was halfway in when she moaned and arched her back.

My hands fondled her br**sts as I shoved home roughly.

We f**ked like animals in heat, moaning and keening.

I had her screaming by the end. I couldn't get enough, and even when I shot my load deep inside of her, I kept thrusting.

"You should get off birth control," I growled, my brain misfiring in all directions. "I want to get you pregnant."

She took it well, at least, laughing instead of running in terror.

I mean, I was half-tempted to run, and it had come out of my stupid mouth.

"Slow down there," she said wryly. "What's the rush? Do you have any clue how young I am?"

She had a twisted sense of humor, to be sure.

I slipped out of her. My c**k was so wet that it was dripping as I dragged free of her. It got me going again, just the sight and feel.

Having her ass pointed at me didn't help, either.

I pushed at her rear entrance, dragging a trail of moisture up from her pu**y and lubricating her liberally.

I didn't ask permission, just started pushing my c**k into her ass.

I figured I'd stop if she told me no.

She didn't.

Instead, she braced herself on the arm of the couch and let me f**k her ass. I don't know what made me do it. It wasn't something I'd done before.

I mean, I'd watched a p**n or two with hot chicks getting anal, but that was it. I'd never thought of doing it in real life, never thought I'd have a partner that I'd be comfortable enough expressing my curiosity about it.

Tammy would have called me a pervert, for sure.

Iris wasn't like that. She was so giving as a lover that I was never afraid to show her exactly what I wanted. And she had, after all, said I could do it any time.

I instantly understood what all the fuss was about.

It was a tight, quick ride.

My only complaint was that I couldn't f**k her as hard as I wanted to like that. I didn't want to hurt her, and she whimpered a few times, whimpers that I wasn't sure came all from pleasure.

"That second time was no way to get me pregnant," she told me as I dragged myself out of her.

I laughed, kissing her cheek. "I love you," I told her, feeling it down to my soul.

It was a crazy thing to say, but I couldn't hold it back. And it was far from the craziest thing I'd said that night.

She turned and hugged me hard. "You are the sweetest man. I'm so happy I found you."

In terms of possible reactions, it wasn't the worst thing she could've said. An I love you back would have been nice, but I'd take what I could get.

And it wasn't like she hadn't said it to me before.

We were clean and na**d in bed a bit later. I was just on the edge of sleep, her sweet head on my chest, when I heard her murmur, "I love you, too. Always will."

Of course when I woke up and she was gone, yet again, the next morning, I wasn't sure that last bit hadn't been a dream.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

I'd had no word from her in weeks when I found a small envelope on my doorstep.

It had no postage, wasn't even addressed. All that was written on the envelope was Dair in neat handwriting.

Without opening it, I knew whom it was from.

And even before I read it, I felt an awful, pervasive dread creeping over me.

