CHAPTER 5

"I just had the most amusing thought. Do you want to hear it?"

Jeremiah glared at the smiling Lucas, but the gunrunner didn't seem fazed in the slightest. The grin on his face was stretched almost garishly wide, teeth shining white in the dim light, as he stared at his larger brother. "The last time we were in this exact same predicament, our positions were reversed. Didn't you have the gun pointed at me, little brother?"

"Loki..."

"Oh yes, I remember! You said I had to give you a good reason why not to kill me." Lucas cleared his throat dramatically, the gun not wavering a bit. "So, dear brother, it's your turn. Why shouldn't I kill you?"

"For me," I blurted out, trying to move around to the front. Jeremiah however shifted to keep himself between myself and the gun, effectively blocking my path. His response annoyed me, but I persisted. "Lucas, please."

Jeremiah glanced back at me, and missed the brief disappointment that flashed across his scarred brother's face. It disappeared almost immediately, hidden by that manic smile as if it never existed. "She said 'please'," he murmured conspiratorially, and for a moment I thought for sure he would tell Jeremiah about what had happened in that room only hours before.

"However, unlike my brother," Lucas continued, lifting the gun to his shoulder, "I won't actually shoot family."

Jeremiah stepped forward the moment the gun moved toward the ceiling. I couldn't even call what he did grappling; like magic, he tore the gun from Lucas' hand, slammed the man against the opposite wall and turned the gun on him.

"My men however," Lucas continued quickly, grunting at the effort of speaking with a compressed rib cage, "have a rocket propelled grenade aimed at your ship and if I don't call them off in ten seconds they shoot." He held up a radio in one hand. "Nine."

"Call them off."

"Ah." Lucas glanced at the gun shoved in his face. "No. Threats like this tend to turn me into a rebel. Sorry."

"Lucas..."

"Why yes, that's my name, and you know I don't bluff. Six."

I stepped forward and grabbed Jeremiah's elbow. "I'm fine, Jeremiah," I said, a little desperate. "Let him go."

The big man looked at me, eyes blazing, then back at his brother who held up a hand showing four fingers. Cursing, he released Lucas, lowering the gun, and immediately the gunrunner lifted the radio to his lips. "Give me another thirty seconds, and stay on them if they move."

"Yes sir."

Lucas lowered the radio. "Call your men off my ship, Jeremiah."

The two were standing nose to nose in a battle of wills. Jeremiah's hands worked at his side, clenching and unclenching like he fantasized of wringing his brother's neck. Lucas seemed unfazed by the posturing, but a thick muscle in his cheek gave away his own tension. Seconds past, and I was ready to start wringing some necks myself when Jeremiah lifted a hand to his ear. "Pull out." He paused. "I'm staying here. Pull back to the boat."

I sighed loudly in relief, but neither man broke their stares. Figures appeared through the doorway, and I recognize Kolya and several others. They leveled their guns at Jeremiah as Lucas spoke into the radio again. "Let the ship go."

There was a significant pause, then another, "Yes sir."

"Strip him of his weapons and gear," Lucas said, "then take him downstairs. Don't take any shots at him, he holds grudges and doesn't play fair when he gets payback."

One of the men tried to grab Jeremiah's arm but the black-clad commando slipped easily from his grasp. He didn't protest however as they removed the assault rifle and sidearm, then looked at me. "Are you really okay?"

A lump formed in my throat at his simple question and the myriad complexities that came with it. "Yes," I whispered, a queasy churning starting in my gut. Then, without any warning, Jeremiah swept me into his arms and pulled my lips to his.

The kiss was as strong and solid as I remembered. For a moment, I lost myself in his strength, forgetting my surroundings and the stress of the last few days. The second the kiss ended however, it all came crashing back, a jumbled disaster that made my heart sick.

Jeremiah pressed his forehead to mine. "I'll get you home," he murmured, big hands cupping my face. Stepping away, he moved out toward the gangplank without another word, the two men with guns following closely behind.

"Make sure everyone is accounted for," Lucas told Kolya, who nodded and disappeared through the door.

I sat down on the bed, covering my mouth with one hand. I felt like I was going to be sick. Horror dawned as I was brought face to face with the potential consequences of my decisions, and I drew in several shaky breaths before I could look at Lucas. He said nothing, merely staring down at me in uncharacteristic silence. His mouth was set in a flat line, then without a word he left the room. The door clicked shut behind him, leaving me alone with my misery.

What have I done? Not even three days before, I'd said words that came from the heart. Now, I was left to wonder what exactly those same words meant to me any more.

Falling back onto the bed, I pressed fingers into my temples to ward off the headache forming behind my eyes. What did I feel? Right at that moment, I wanted to feel nothing, but my heart wouldn't allow that. Every emotion under the sun swirled inside me like a churning cauldron. There was no making sense of anything, let alone make decisions.

I wasn't sure how long I sat there, wretchedly contemplating my future, before Lucas returned. A duffle was slung over one shoulder, and I watched as he stuffed clothing from the drawers inside without once looking at me. The lump in my throat grew bigger, and I had to swallow several times before I could speak. "Where are you going?"

"I'll be bunking up top with Matthews and Frank. You can have this room to yourself."

"Why?"

He said nothing for a moment, pushing clothes into the small sack. "My selfishness ruined the life of one innocent girl already." His normally expressive face was carefully blank. "I won't repeat that mistake again."

I watched him move around the room, picking up things he would need. One guilty subject weighed heavily on my mind, and finally as he threw the bag over his shoulder, I couldn't hold myself back anymore. "Does Jeremiah know about..." I started, but Lucas interrupted as though he'd been expecting my question.

"He thinks you are my prisoner, and you are. Anything else that's happened is up to you to tell." Lucas' voice was bereft of any emotion but at least when he finally turned around there was no condemnation. His mouth twisted ruefully. "You're free to leave the room, my men have strict orders not to touch you."

I flinched at his choice in words. You're free to leave. Jeremiah had said the same thing to me when I'd said I loved him. The memory stirred up more confusion in my heart as Lucas opened the door. "Don't go."

The words were barely above a whisper but Lucas paused, then turned back toward me. I couldn't meet his eyes, my vision blurring with sudden tears, but he set down the bag and knelt at my feet. A hand tucked a lone strand behind my ear, and I leaned into the touch. "Lucy," he said, waiting until I raised my eyes to his. "Tell me why I shouldn't leave."

"Because..." I stopped, unable to form a response. My mouth worked as I desperately tried to come up with a reason that made sense. Considering how unreasonable the last few days had been however, nothing convincing came to mind.

After a moment of silence, he nodded slowly. "I thought so." Standing back to his feet, I watched as he picked up the duffel and slipped quietly out the door, the latch clicking shut behind him.

I felt as though my heart was breaking, and couldn't understand why. Jumping to my feet, I paced along the room, nervous energy making me go stir crazy. I'd been locked up inside for too long; time had no meaning anymore. I had a vague feeling that, outside the metal walls, night had fallen, but right now I was wide awake and needed answers.

Something cracked under my foot and, looking down, I saw the framed picture beneath my foot. Picking it up, I saw with some dismay that I'd broken off an edge of the frame itself, but the glass had miraculously held up to the recent beatings. The two boys stared at me, so young and full of life and love. Their eyes lacked the anger and mistrust of the men I'd seen earlier, and I wondered if those days were forever gone from their lives.

Setting the frame carefully atop the dresser, I slipped on my shoes and opened the door. Jeremiah and Lucas would have to work out their differences on their own time. I had too many questions that I needed answered, and knew only one person who could do that for me.

Jeremiah's prison wasn't really a cell so much as a dank room at the bottom of the ship. The rumble of the engines was much louder here, the walls and floor vibrating from the proximity. Two of Lucas' men stood outside, but when they saw me, one of them casually unlocked the door. "Might want to knock first," one of them rumbled, and I noticed even in the low light that he had a dark bruise forming around one eye.

Taking a deep breath, I knocked softly against the wood door, then opened the door carefully. Poking my head around the frame, I found Jeremiah's hulking form sitting on a bunk. The large man stood to his feet as I came into the room, and I shut the door behind me to give us some privacy.

"Hi," I murmured, taking another moment to gather my thoughts by looking around the room. The room was small, with two sets of recessed bunk beds at one end and an open toilet at the other. A solitary light on the ceiling illuminated the room, showing me that Jeremiah had removed most of his gear and only wore the black shirt and pants now. Leftover war paint showed as streaks to his arms and face, but I could feel his gaze on my skin. It still took me a minute to get up the courage to look him in the eye.

"What happened?" he asked.

I knew immediately what he was asking, and it was as good a place to start as any. "After you left, I got into a limo outside the house that I thought you'd left for me. I had no idea it was Lucas behind the wheel. He drove me to another car, then offered to let me come with him."

"What did you say?"

"I asked him to take me back." My mouth twisted down at the memory. "So he kidnapped me for real, sending his driver in to drag me out kicking and screaming."

Jeremiah grunted, and when he shifted I became aware of his proximity. As much as I wanted desperately to touch him, there might as well have been a wall between us. He was less than four feet away from me, but neither one of us would take that first step. Finally, Jeremiah spoke. "When I heard they'd found one of my drivers tied up in the bunkhouse, I knew something had happened. Then I was told you weren't in the house, and Jared was found unconscious. I couldn't..."

Jeremiah cut himself off, and I saw a myriad of emotions race across his face. The stoic mask was gone, and he seemed to struggle with his next words. "By the time we started tracking the car, it had already stopped moving, and when we got there everyone inside was gone. You were gone."

My chest tightened at the unexpected emotion I heard in his voice. "So what did you do?" I whispered, scarcely able to breathe.

He stared down at me, green eyes bright in the dim light. "Moved heaven and earth."

I gasped, throat tight, and covered my mouth to hold in the choked sob. The wretched space between us disappeared; Jeremiah took the step we'd both been avoiding and pulled me into his arms, and I broke down. He trembled against me, thick fingers digging into my skin. Everything that had been weighing on my mind exploded out, and I cried against his chest.

He held me, stroking my back as my emotions leaked out. "I'm sorry I couldn't protect you," he murmured, squeezing me tight. We stayed that way for a long time, content to be touching on another. Eventually my sobs lessened and, drained of emotion, I clung to his solid mass.

He laid a kiss to the top of my head, both hands running down my back possessively. "That son of a bitch Lucas. You're mine."

The words were out before I could stop them. "Your what?"

I don't know what I expected to hear from my spontaneous query. So much of my uncertainty and doubt funneled into that single statement, but Jeremiah paused. Disentangling myself from around the big man, I looked up into his face. "I'm your what?" I asked again, detachment growing in my heart.

The question seemed to confuse the other man, who frowned down at me. His reaction touched a nerve, and resentment built quickly. "When we last spoke," I said, keeping my voice low and embracing the anger, "I said some words to you which you rejected. So please tell me what I am to you."

"Lucy..."

"Don't." I stepped away, allowing the anger to flow. Rage was so much easier to deal with than pain; it allowed me to say the things I needed to get out. "You say I'm yours, but I'm not allowed to love you. So what am I? A responsibility? A liability?"

His chin came up. "I swore to protect you."

I gaped at him. Surely he understood what I was asking. "I don't care about my safety," I snapped, "that's not important right now..."

"It is to me."

"Why?" My last word was a shout, and Jeremiah straightened up. I waved my hands around my head, unable to contain my energy. Giving an exasperated groan, I turned away, rubbing a hand over my face. When I looked back, that stoic mask was back over his face, and I suddenly wanted to cry again. "Why do you think you can claim me, yet reject my love?" I murmured brokenly. "What gives you that right?"

He didn't answer for a long moment, and I almost turned to leave when he finally spoke. "Love isn't a happy ideal in my family." The mask threatened to crumble for a moment before clamping back in place. "I don't wish for the...complications love might bring."

My shock at his attempt to justify his actions faded quickly. "That may be so," I conceded, "but my parents were happily married for twenty-four years before they died. My grandparents, fifty-two. The words meant something to me." I sighed. "I never asked for you to reciprocate, I only wanted to tell you how I feel."

But Jeremiah just shook his head. "That word is a mere platitude. If the affection is there, why does it need to be named?"

Platitude. That word again. Oh, how I hated that word. My hands balled into fists, insides quaking at the sudden rage it induced. "You won't even try to see my side, will you?" If it didn't fit in with the way he believed, it was wrong. Was this the real Jeremiah? Had I been so blind this entire time?

"Fine," I snapped, not bothering to wait for his answer. "No love then. Let's see what that feels like." Without bothering to think about what I was doing, I grabbed his head and hauled his face down to me.

The kiss was a disaster from the start, but I didn't care. I'd surprised him, that was obvious, but Jeremiah recovered quickly. He pulled back and I followed, determined to teach him a lesson, if I only knew what lesson that was.

"Lucy," he growled, hands clamping around the tops of my arms. I abandoned kissing his mouth and moved down to his neck and he froze, not pushing me away. The acrid taste of sweat and salt water filled my senses, and for a moment I forgot myself. I skimmed my teeth along his skin and felt him shudder against me. My hands moved under the shirt, tracing the familiar pattern of muscles there. I heard the sharp intake of breath when I pressed myself close, nipping lightly at one nipple through the thin material of the shirt.

No love.

Pulling my hands off his body, I wrenched free of his grip and sank to my knees. I could see instantly that he was turned on by the play; his pants bulged beneath my fingers as I worked the clasps. He tried to grab my arms to pull me upright as I worked the clasps to his pants and I pushed at his hips. While he grabbed the bunk for support I unhooked his pants and reached inside.

"Lucy, stop."

"No love, you say," I muttered, ignoring him. "All we had was sex and a little danger. Why stop now?"

"That's enough."

Hands gripped my arms and hauled me up to my feet. Jeremiah's face filled my vision. "It wasn't just sex," he exclaimed, shaking me. "I was..."

Crack!

My hand smacked across his face, stopping whatever he was about to say. The blow startled him; Jeremiah blinked down at me a few times before releasing my arms. "Do you feel better now?" he said, lips compressing into a thin line.

My slap had been from a bad angle, with barely any force behind it. The callous disregard in his tone fired me up again. "No," I answered, and balling up my fist I threw my arm into a hook, landing right in his jaw.

Pain bloomed almost immediately and I gasped. I saw Jeremiah stagger sideways at the blow but whatever triumph I might have felt was eclipsed by the agony in my hand. Moaning, I looked it over, tenderly probing the swollen flesh.

"Let me see it," Jeremiah said, but I skittered away from him. At the same time, the door opened and both guards filled the entrance, presumably to see what was going on inside the room. Their presence made Jeremiah pause, and he seemed genuinely regretful as I straightened up. "Lucy..."

"Shut up." Cradling my hand to my belly, tears of pain leaking from my eyes, I glared at him. "I don't want to love you anymore, Jeremiah Hamilton," I said, my voice cracking on his name. "It hurts too much."

Not wanting him to see any more of my tears, I turned toward the door. The two guards parted to give me enough room to pass. I made my escape, fleeing upstairs to the empty cabin room and praying nobody would see me.

CHAPTER 6

I would have given into the temptation of staying inside for the rest of the trip had Captain Matthews not knocked on my door the next morning. "We just entered the Caribbean," he called through the door. "Thought you might want to have breakfast with one hell of a view."

The urge to say nothing, sit inside my little box and avoid any and all people to sulk, was strong. However, I'd never seen the Caribbean before; the furthest south my family had ever gone was the Carolinas for vacation. I got dressed silently, realizing it was rude not to acknowledge his offer, but when I opened the door the grizzled sea captain was still outside.

He whistled when he saw my wrapped hand. "I'll take a look at that when we get up top. Rumor is you tried to take down that bigger brother; looks like you gave it a hell of a shot."

I said nothing, but felt a traitorous smile tip one side of my lips. "He had it coming."

"I'll bet. Come on, Frank's broken out the pineapple. Our little tradition whenever we're down this way."

Following the older man up onto the deck, something inside me eased as the warm sun caressed my skin. Being cooped up in that windowless room, I realized, had kept me grumpy; my mood immediately lightened as I took in the sunny skies. The boat still rocked in the waves, but not nearly as badly as it had when we were further north. Refreshed, I climbed the steps up into the captain's deck to find Frank and Lucas already started eating.

"Hang on lass, let me get some ice for you."

Matthews busied himself putting ice into a plastic bag, but when Lucas saw my swollen hand his jaw immediately clenched. He was beside me in an instant, picking up my arm delicately; I moved away, not all that happy with the Hamilton men at the moment, but he persisted. Thankfully he didn't touch the still-painful digit, just giving it a close look. My knuckles had swollen overnight but I'd refused to put up a fuss. Pain medication and wrapping the hand in a towel before going to bed let me sleep.

I'm not sure what I expected, but the smile that tipped his lips wasn't it. "'Atta girl."

A surprised laugh pushed free as I pulled my hand away and sat down in one of the chairs. Frank steered the boat this morning but still managed to hog most of the pineapple. While he and Captain Matthews argued over how much of the tropical fruit to divvy up to the guests, I let my gaze wander outside. The windows on either side of the cabin were open, the warm sea breeze circulating the small compartment. Outside, the ocean stretched out around us but the waters were tinged a pale green, different than any ocean I'd seen before.

Lucas leaned in close to me. "If you think this is nice," he murmured, nodding his head toward the sea, "wait until you get closer to land."

I pushed him away with my good hand and he sat back, grinning. As much as I wanted to be mad at him for bringing me on this journey, the mood within the cabin was too happy to ruin. A smile tipped my own lips as Matthews handed me a bag of ice, which I carefully laid atop my bruised knuckles.

Frank waved two decks of cards above his head. "Okay, who's up for a game of Pinochle?"

We made landfall late that afternoon, although we were in sight of the shoreline long before that. "Which island is it?" I asked the captain.

"Jamaica. Winter is the best time of the year too; can't get more perfect weather."

My first view of land however was somewhat lackluster. Palm and thick-leafed tropical trees lined the shoreline, but the ramshackle port we pulled into would not have been on any tourist map. Lucas went below, leaving me up top while he dealt with his business on the docks. The sudden reminder of what kind of ship I stood upon was a hard pill to swallow.

"How do you cope with knowing what you're carrying?" I asked the two seamen, watching as Lucas' men started moving the crates off the ship.

"We don't look." Captain Matthews was somberly watching the proceedings below. "This ain't a dream job, but the money is good and neither me nor Frank put anything away for retirement." He sighed. "I hate lying to the boys that give me a call, wondering what their old captain's up to nowadays. That part stings the most, I think, but I want the lot of 'em to stay as far from this life as possible."

I couldn't imagine doing work like this for a living, and meeting good people like the captain and first mate confused me. Perhaps I could have vilified all of Lucas' men if I hadn't met these two; now, through the lens of their experience, I had some sympathy for the rest. And then there was my part, merely as a translator but my words and actions may have killed that French doctor. Pushing those thoughts out of my mind, I contented myself with staying as far away as possible, not leaving my current location until everything was done.

Until I saw Jeremiah being led down the gangplank to the docks.

The tension in my heart escalated as I watched Lucas' men escort a handcuffed Jeremiah to the pier, and suddenly I couldn't stay in my safe little box. "Excuse me, gentlemen," I said, making my decision. "I think it's time for me to go."

"It was good to meet you, missy," Matthews said, shaking my hand. "I hope to see you again someday, albeit under better circumstances."

I felt bad for leaving them and wondered if I was making the right decision, but still hurried down the steps and around the side of the ship. The water here was more stable than when we'd left New York but I still took the gangplank to the shore carefully. Watching the bustling proceedings was very different than when I was up in the captain's area, and I didn't breathe easy until I was beside Jeremiah. I could feel the big man's gaze on me, a heavy weight that I tried to ignore. "I thought you never wanted to see me again," he murmured.

"I thought so too." I fought the urge to look at him, desperate to see his expression. I cringed toward him as a forklift veered dangerously close. The two guards still flanked the big man but despite the flurry of activity, I felt safest beside the ex-Ranger.

Loud cursing preceded Niall's arrival onto the docks. The Australian was supported by two of his men and didn't look at all thankful for their help. "Where's that son of a bitch?" he shouted, scanning the docks. "He's going to pay for what he did."

"Somebody called for me?" Lucas stepped out from between two crates, smiling at the furious blond man.

Niall pointed a finger at the gunrunner. "When Mr. Smith hears about what you did to me, he'll..."

"Mr. Smith can hear quite well, thank you."

Niall's eyes bugged out as another man stepped out of the shadows beside Lucas. "G...Good afternoon, sir," he stuttered. "Didn't expect to see you here."

"I didn't expect I'd need to make the trip." Smith was an older man, maybe in his mid-fifties, but he wore his age well. Silver hair streaked his temples, and the wrinkles on his face only served as character. Much like Jeremiah, he had a commanding presence you couldn't help but notice, and right now he didn't seem to approve of his Australian lackey. "Tell me, Mr. Jackson," Smith said conversationally, "where is Doctor Marchand?"

Niall licked his lips nervously. "My men couldn't find him before we left," he said, then quickly added, "sir."

"I see. So you didn't intend to take his shipment of supplies and try to sell them without my knowledge."

The blond man's mouth worked for a moment, his face white, then he shook his head. "No, sir," he whispered.

"Because word about special sorts of deals get around, and people frown on betrayal like that. Those feelings affect business, which isn't something I appreciate. Fortunately, I'm in a good mood today." Smith looked at the two men carrying the terrified Australian. "Take care of him."

The two goons who had been propping the man up suddenly became his captors, dragging the man quickly out of earshot. I clenched my fists, pressing my forehead against Jeremiah as Lucas asked, "What are you going to do with him?"

"Unfortunately, this one is my wife's nephew so my hands are tied. However, I don't think he'll make this same mistake twice. Thanks for the call, I'm certain the authorities will find the poor doctor eventually."

"A shame," Lucas replied. "There are so few chances to do any kind of good in this job, but the medicines will reach the good doctor's hospital."

"Agreed." The two men shook hands. "Pleasure doing business with you as always."

As Smith walked away, Lucas moved toward Jeremiah and I. His gaze flickered to me as he pulled around behind us. Whatever he thought about my proximity to Jeremiah, Lucas kept it to himself as he unlocked Jeremiah's shackled wrists. "Sorry about the cuffs, I had to be sure you wouldn't do anything stupid."

Jeremiah rubbed his wrists. "I still don't understand how you can do this kind of thing."

"Practice makes perfect."

There was no smile on the gunrunner's face. As far as I could tell, he was being truthful to his brother, but not giving away much else. I was just stunned they were speaking to one another at all. "Didn't you two hate each other a few hours ago?" I asked hesitantly.

The chorus of "Yes" left me even more confused. The two men exchanged a glance. "We spoke last night," Jeremiah said in a careful voice. "Came to a few understandings."

I peered between the two men, expecting more of an explanation but not getting it. Standing in front of both men side by side, the family resemblance was pretty stunning. Despite the different physiques, both men had the same coloring and facial features, minus the scar across Lucas' nose and cheek. I'd seen scars as bad or worse on Jeremiah's body, a testament to the life he led in the Army Rangers.

Finally, Lucas spoke. "Come on, let's get to the hotel. Business always makes me hungry."

"Hotel?" I asked, trailing along beside Jeremiah. "We're not going home?"

"Not yet," Jeremiah murmured as Lucas led us to a large SUV. "I'll explain later but..." He blew out a breath. "For now, we're safer here with my brother than in New York."

He didn't sound any more pleased by the situation than I was. Unfortunately, there was little comfort to be had from that realization.

The short ride to the hotel was quiet, tension between the siblings thick in the air. The two men sat on opposite ends of the vehicle with me alone in the center. The awkwardness made me somewhat happy that I had grown up an only child, and I was relieved when we pulled up to the hotel with little fuss.

I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but there was a distinctive island feel to our home for the night. Tiki torches lined the driveway and entrance, the small flames flickering bright in the dying light. A five-star resort this was not; it seemed more like a local hangout than a tourist dive. Our rooms were already reserved, with the clerk merely handing Lucas the keys as he came to the desk. I was relieved to find I had my own room, not realizing until the tension eased that this situation was something I'd been unconsciously dreading.

Of course, my room was sandwiched in the middle of the three. I sighed. Hamilton men.

"So can someone fill me in on what's going on?"

Ours was a late dinner, but the hotel restaurant showed no signs of slowing down. Music flowed from the bar area inside, and some of the guests there occasionally spilled outside where we sat, but for the moment we were still alone. Dark trees blocked any view outside the grounds but there was a distinct lack of traffic. In quieter moments, I could still hear the ocean nearby.

"Somebody is doing their damndest to ruin or kill us." Lucas didn't sound too threatened by the fact, but then again even a gun to the head didn't faze him. "First it was the hitman sent after Jeremiah, now a saboteur with a bomb I'm certain he didn't understand on my ship."

"I thought Anya hired the assassin," I said, but both Jeremiah and Lucas shook their heads.

"Whatever she may have been," Lucas replied, "she wasn't evil enough to come up with this on her own. Someone coached her into that decision."

"I've got my men looking into it." Jeremiah didn't look hungry, as most of the food on his plate remained untouched. He seemed to be deep in thought, and occasionally sent glances my way, which I ignored. "I could tell you as soon as they discovered anything if you'd give me back my communication equipment."

"Like I told you last night, no matter the network you're working with it's closer to the bottom of the information ladder." Lucas leaned back in the booth, steepling his fingers. "I can get you straight to the top."

"I don't like your methods."

Jeremiah's low answer only made Lucas' smirk widen. "But they work far better than anything you've access to."

Both of Jeremiah's hands clenched into fists atop the table. "I spent years fighting against people like you in the Army..."

"Then you quit that life to take over mine." Lucas' lips kept their upward tilt but lost what humor was left. "I was pushed out of the only existence I knew by my own brother. He took over the gilded throne and let me fall to the wolves."

"You didn't fall," Jeremiah said, voice as cold as ice, "you jumped. You kept jumping, and now you're trying to drag me down with you. Our father..."

"Your father gave you everything and left me nothing," Lucas hissed.

"I didn't want this!"

"But you took it anyway, didn't you?"

"Hey," I snapped, aware that the two men looked poised at any point to leap over the tables at the other's throat. Peering around the room, we didn't seem to be attracting any attention in the empty outside area, but if the conversation continued that would change. "Can we stay on subject here?" I asked in a low voice.

Both men turned angry gazes on me, and for a moment I thought they were going to band together against me. As if on cue, a conga line appeared from the bar, breaking up the tension at the table. They sat back down, still glaring at one another, and I breathed a little sigh of relief. "Now what?"

Lucas glanced at me, then back to Jeremiah. "Do you have your passports with you?"

I shook my head, and after a moment's hesitation so did Jeremiah. Lucas nodded. "It should be easy enough to get replacements, provided you," and he pointed at Jeremiah, "aren't already an outlaw." At my confused look, Lucas grinned. "The media is trumpeting the news that our golden boy here has skipped the country, although nobody seems to know why yet. Authorities don't sound pleased but so far there hasn't been any arrest warrants posted." He glanced at Jeremiah. "I have it about right, don't I?"

Jeremiah looked away, clearly annoyed by the conversation. I leaned forward to put a hand on his knee but stopped myself in time. Despite my best efforts, my heart ached for the large man. Jeremiah Hamilton thrived on control, and if his brother really had taken away all communication equipment, then he'd lost the upper hand.

"Tonight we rest." Lucas spread his arms wide. "Tomorrow, we leave for Dubai."

Maybe I should have been used to the weird turn my life had taken by that point, but I still blinked at the sudden news. "Dubai? As in, the Arab nation?"

"One of the richest." Lucas winked at me. "I think you'll enjoy it."

"But why can't I go home?" Perhaps I was whining when I asked, but I figured I was entitled to lodge some form of complaint. "I'm not related to either of you; if it's really as personal as you say, then I can't be a target."

"And what would you do," Jeremiah asked, "when you got home?"

I glared at him. "Contrary to what you obviously think," I snapped, "I can stand on my own two feet."

"I didn't mean..."

"Yes you did." I crossed my arms, irritation bubbling up. "Since I've met you two, I've been shot at, poisoned, kidnapped - twice I might add - and attacked by strange men. I don't care how rich you are or how many foreign countries you drag me into, this whole thing is ridiculous."

"See?" Lucas spread his arms and gave me a bit smile. "Bet your life has never been this interesting."

There was nothing I could say to that. I sat back, wordless, watching in a daze as the conga line disappeared back inside the bar. Two beautiful faces, so very similar to one another, stared at me: Jeremiah's gaze was as stony as ever, and Lucas grinned at me like a buffoon. As much as I wanted to scream and rail at them, I couldn't seem to form the words.

"There are many ways to hurt a man." Jeremiah leaned forward. "Sometimes, the easiest is to go after those in our care."

"What, like the girl you're sleeping with?" My voice had a nasty, self-recriminating note and I bit my tongue. "You've made it clear what I am to you."

"Others might see it differently," Lucas murmured, but I just stared at the table, trying to hang onto my anger.

"This is stupid," I muttered after a moment of silence, as the conga line appeared again from inside the bar. "What about your mother then? Why isn't she the one you're whisking off to foreign lands?"

Lucas snorted. "They probably know better than to try hurting us from that angle," he said.

"My men are keeping an eye on her," Jeremiah said, and I looked over to see him watching me. His eyes flickered to his brother. "I agree however that she's not likely in any danger."

"Imagine, my little brother agreeing with me." Lucas smirked. "Boy, it must have hurt to admit that." Not waiting for a response, he suddenly stood. "We're in the Caribbean, let's have a little fun." He held out a hand. "Dance with me."

I rolled my eyes and looked up to see the scarred man waggle his eyebrows. "It'll make my brother jealous."

"Maybe I don't want to make your brother jealous," I muttered, not looking at the man in question, but when Lucas grabbed my hand and pulled me up I didn't protest. The conga line was passing near our table and it didn't take much for Lucas to steer me to the end of the line.

"I'll be good," he said, laying his hands on my waist. When we entered the bar however, he still pinched my rear. "Okay, mostly good," he murmured in my ear as I elbowed his rib cage.

I hadn't really noticed what was happening inside, and found that a wedding party had taken over the bar area. The twang of the steel pan drums and the overall festive atmosphere in the room brought a reluctant smile to my face. It was impossible to keep a sour mood amidst the crowd of people; between the loud music and dancing figures, I felt my temper ease a bit. Lucas kept his hands to himself, which likely contributed to my improved disposition, and for a brief moment I let myself get caught up in the party environment.

When the conga line made its third trip through the outside dining area, however, I noticed that Jeremiah's seat was empty. Scanning the murky area outside the dining area, I saw a familiar shape, outlined by the Tiki torches, walking alone into the darkness. Abandoning the conga line, I pulled free from Lucas' grip and followed after Jeremiah's retreating figure.

He stopped beside a maintenance hut when I called his name, but as I came to his side I didn't know what to say. My eyes were still growing accustomed to the darkness so it was hard to see his face. His shoulders were hunched forward and he kept his face turned from me, and although my heart ached I tried not to read too much into it. Reaching out, I laid a hand on his arm, and was gratified when he didn't pull away from me.

"I don't like feeling useless."

I blinked at his words. Jeremiah didn't move, just continued to stare out into the darkness. "Well, join the club," I murmured, and felt the muscles under my palm tense.

"Maintaining control keeps me sane. My father..." He stopped talking for a moment, and I squeezed his arm. "When my father died, I lost control of my life. My brother's right: I took his as surely as Rufus Hamilton took mine."

Moving closer, I curled my hand around his arm, hugging him close. "You did what you had to do back then," I murmured.

Ethan, Jeremiah's former chief of security, had filled me in on some of the sordid details. Rufus Hamilton, the former Hamilton patriarch, had ruled with an iron fist both in business and family life. When Jeremiah had enlisted in the military, defying the older man's plans for the boy, the elder Hamilton had arranged it so that everything fell to Jeremiah's shoulders once Rufus passed away. Faced with the potential collapse of the empire and the loss of jobs for thousands of employees, Jeremiah had left the military and a life he loved to take over the business. He'd also been forced to deal with charges that his own brother had embezzled millions, accusations that had proven untrue but still sent Lucas down his own dark path.

Jeremiah ran a hand through his hair. "Now I'm stuck under the thumb of a brother who hates me, forced to take part in activities that I once fought against, and facing an unknown enemy." He sighed. "Meanwhile at home, my family name is being dragged through the mud, the business I sacrificed everything for is slowly crumbling, and I can't do anything to protect those in my care."

I didn't really think about what I did next: sliding my arms around his body, I hugged Jeremiah, laying my cheek against his chest. He stiffened against me for a brief instant, then his arms fell against my back and shoulders and he pulled me close. I closed my eyes and breathed in the familiar scent of his body, tightening my hug.

Why do you have to be such an utter fool? I thought, miserable about how bad affairs had grown between us. Days ago, I would have done anything for the man in my arms. Now, I wasn't sure why I was even touching him. I sighed inwardly, knowing the answer. Because he needed comforting and, despite everything, I still loved the bastard.

It would be so much better if I could switch off that part of my brain. There was so much clarity when I was alone and angry, but the moment I stepped back into Jeremiah's presence, everything grew muddled. Even at the worst of times though, I didn't hate him. His privileged life had been rough, and I understood at least partly why he was who he was. However, that didn't make dealing with him any easier.

When his hands moved up my back, a flame flickered to life in my belly. I didn't protest as he maneuvered us around until my back was against the maintenance shed beside us. He lifted my arms up and around his neck, pressing me back against the rough wall, and I trembled at the contact. My body betrayed me, melting at his touch, and when he lifted my chin and leaned down to kiss me, I didn't protest.

Always before, Jeremiah had been in control, but somehow this was different. He didn't try to restrain me in any way; his kiss wasn't an assault or struggle. His lips caressed mine like a lover, making no demands other than for permission to continue. When I opened to him, still he held back, tongue dancing and teasing. I tightened my grip around his neck, pulling him close and wanting more, but he took his time, lips and tongue a gentle torment that was nothing like I'd experienced in his hands.

He broke off the kiss, leaning his forehead against mine. Firelight danced in his eyes and, my breath catching, I traced his beloved face with my fingertips. His eyes searched mine, holding back none of what he was feeling. I read him like an open book, and the knowledge was intoxicating.

"Lucy," he murmured, my name a benediction on his lips. Desperate longing shone through his eyes as he kissed me again before asking softly, "Stay with me tonight."

I shut my eyes, licking my lips, then looked back up at him. Desire ached in me, alongside a bleak loneliness, and ever fiber of my being screamed for his touch. He shifted, running a hand down the side of my neck and arm. A cool island breeze brushed against my hot skin, and I shivered as he whispered my name again, lips moving across my forehead.

"I'm sorry, Jeremiah."

For a moment, I thought he hadn't heard my low answer, then without a word he pushed free of me. Cool air swirled around me at his sudden absence and I gripped the wall for support, but Jeremiah didn't speak. I swallowed my agony as he walked away, disappearing into the dark night. Covering my eyes, I bit my lip and tried not to cry even as my heart broke for him.

"My brother isn't good with rejection."

I dropped my hand and looked over at Lucas standing against a palm tree nearby, but the gunrunner's eyes were off into the darkness where Jeremiah had disappeared. I didn't trust myself to speak without breaking down however, and Lucas seemed to understand. "I'll walk you to your room."

We stayed silent all the way up the elevator, Lucas trailing a step behind me. The hotel rooms ran along the outside of the building, and in the light of a rising moon I could see the reflection of the water just beyond the tree line. I pulled my card out and opened the door just as a voice behind me asked, "Do you want some company tonight?"

I looked back to see Lucas studying me. Any hint at a smirk was gone; he waited patiently for my answer, but the words wouldn't come to my lips. I looked at him and realized, with no small amount of regret, that I wanted to say yes. I wanted to be held tonight, told everything was going to be all right. But, more importantly, I wanted it to be with Jeremiah, and my pride wouldn't allow that.

He seemed to read my decision because he nodded and took my hand. "Good night," he murmured, laying a kiss on my knuckle before turning away. I watched his retreat until he disappeared around the corner of the walkway, and then closed myself in my room. Skipping a shower for morning, I left the lights off and curled into the bed, wrapping my arms around myself and trying to hold on to the remnants of Jeremiah's scent still on my skin.

CHAPTER 7

Nothing I'd ever seen in my life could have prepared me for the Arabian city we flew over.

Dubai itself was not a mystery to me. I'd read about it online and in the news, and had at least a basic understanding about the many sights and attractions. Nothing however could have prepared me for the real deal. Not even a seventeen-hour plane trip dimmed my excitement at seeing the coastal emirate from the sky. The shaped islands, the Babel-like spire reaching into the heavens - everything was larger than life, so over the top and stunning.

When we'd left Jamaica, I'd been depressed that our time there was so short. I had never been to the Caribbean islands before, and would have enjoyed a tour or some fun, but the Hamilton men were all business. At breakfast, Lucas gave us both passports that were identical to the ones we'd left behind. Oddly enough, he'd chosen to replicate my Canadian one, saying it offered greater potential mobility within the Muslim nations. While I knew he was right, now I worried about what he planned to do with that dubious "bonus."

There was no private jet this trip, at least not for the first leg of our journey. We still flew first class, landing in London's airport before continuing to Dubai. Once we crossed Customs and Immigration in the Arabian city however, a helicopter had been waiting to take us to our hotel.

"Is this one of yours?" I asked both Lucas and Jeremiah through the headsets we'd been given.

Lucas shook his head. "Belongs to our host," he said. "A welcome gift of sorts."

Jeremiah didn't say a word, just stared out the window at the view below. I found it difficult to look at him; he hadn't spoken to me since the previous night when I'd rejected his advances. There was no way for me to tell whether he was angry at me, or angry at the situation, and I feared the answer enough to not ask the question. Still, his silence upset me, and the knowledge that I might have hurt him made my heart ache.

I need him to understand what he's done. Principles, however, were useless when all I wanted was his arms around me, to bury my face in his neck and breathe his scent. The large man was close enough to touch, but he ignored me, and I in turn was forced to pretend to ignore him.

Lucas, on the other hand, seemed quite chipper for a man who'd stayed awake for most of the trip. I might have been annoyed at his constant jabbering except the impromptu tour he gave of the city was fascinating. He seemed to know a lot about the city and country, which made me wonder how often he'd been to the opulent area.

We were high enough to see the full outline of the manmade land extensions. I remembered hearing about the palms, but my breath caught as I saw a series of smaller islands only a few miles down the shoreline. They were arranged in a flower pattern, with a "stem" leading to the mainland. While smaller than the palm islands, the flower seemed almost delicate, and as we drew closer I saw each individual island was actually very large. I counted at least twelve small "petals" surrounding a larger central island, and as we veered toward it I noticed a large structure. "Is that our destination?"

Lucas nodded. "The Almasi Hotel," he said as we moved in closer. "The latest addition to an already flamboyant city."

The hotel wasn't as tall as some I'd seen, maybe twenty or so stories. The structure had a thoroughly modern appeal, yet hearkened back to an older Arabian style. A huge glass dome dominated the structure, the windows gleaming like diamonds in the Arabian sun. A flat pad spread out across the top of the main tower, a helipad for our transportation. Our helicopter made its landing atop the building, powering down the engines and rotors.

Lucas disembarked first, followed swiftly by Jeremiah. I unbuckled the belt and found, to my chagrin, two separate hands held out to help me down. Jeremiah and Lucas both looked at me expectantly, and I hesitated. You have got to be kidding me. I looked between the two men, then grabbed the handrail beside the door and lowered myself to the helipad. I smoothed out my clothes, deliberately not looking at either man.

On the stairs across from us, a small retinue of people appeared as the large blades overhead finally stopped. Lucas turned toward the man and I followed slowly, Jeremiah bringing up the rear. The stranger leading the small group spread his arms as he saw Lucas. "Ah, Loki my friend, it has been a long time."

"Rashid," Lucas said, his lips folding back into another smile. Neither man put out their hand in greeting, which I found odd. Lucas turned and gestured grandly toward us. "May I introduce my brother Jeremiah, and Miss Lucy Delacourt."

"Ah, so this is the brother I've heard so much about." Rashid stepped forward and held out to Jeremiah in greeting. "I have wished to meet you for some time. Business does not bring you to our shores often enough."

Jeremiah inclined his head, his face a blank mask, but didn't reply. Rashid turned to me, smiling big. "Ah, Ms. Delacourt," he said grandly, inclining his head. "A woman like you would have garnered many camels from my ancestors."

The words sounded like something he told every woman, flattery without anything behind it. Or perhaps that was my own bias from being dismissed so quickly. I sensed a faint bit of hostility toward me; his gaze was quick to dismiss me, nor did he offer me his hand, and I struggled not to be offended. "Welcome to the Almasi Hotel, the jewel of Arabia. Gentlemen, let's retire inside and talk. My sister Amyrah will help your woman to the rooms."

I bristled at the phrase, then again when neither Lucas nor Jeremiah spoke up in my defense. A woman dressed all in black, a white scarf carefully covering her hair, stepped shyly forward. She had an earnest expression on her face and was studying me like I was a rare and beautiful gem, which was a bit disconcerting. "Hi," I ventured weakly.

The girl's face lit up, and she seemed to remember herself. "I am Amyrah," she said softly, holding her hand out. Her handshake was limp but she seemed pleased with the contact, and I made a mental note to read up more on Arabian customs. "May I show you to your rooms?"

She sounded very formal, but something told me she was near bursting to ask questions. She spoke English very well but her garb was so foreign to me; the scarf covered all of her hair and her clothing was more like billowing robes, robbing her of any feminine shape. We walked silently down toward the elevator, the men having already disappeared, and I struggled with what to say. Finally, I gave in to my curiosity. "What do you call the scarf on your head?"

Amyrah looked confused for a moment, putting a hand atop her head, then she smiled. "You are American," she said, nodding, as if that explained my obvious lack of knowledge. "This is my hijab."

"And the rest of your clothes?" I asked, vaguely gesturing to the dark robes shrouding her figure.

Her smile widened. "They are my clothes."

There was no guile in her response, nor did she seem to be making fun of me. I laughed at my own ignorance, but the questions seemed to break the ice. "I must ask," Amyrah said as we boarded the elevator. "Have you been to Hollywood?"

Amyrah was fascinated by American culture, and I quickly realized the Muslim girl hadn't seen much of the world in her short life. She seemed excited when I told her I'd lived and worked in New York City, asking me questions ranging from the Statue of Liberty to the New York subway system. I found it impossible to tell how old she was. Sometimes, she seemed like any other well-educated young college-aged woman I'd met, and other times her questions were as naive as a child. One thing was clear however, she'd led a very sheltered existence but sincerely wanted to see more of the world.

"Does your brother own this hotel?"

Amyrah shook her head. "He is one of the major investors and helped build it, but is not the primary owner." She opened a door, and then motioned for me to go inside. "These are your rooms."

Rooms? I slipped through the door then stopped and stared around me. "Wow," I said, a quick exhalation that didn't at all cover what I was seeing. I turned back to Amyrah. "This is all mine?" At her nod, I turned back and stared around me in wonder.

Less than a month ago, I had been lucky enough to stay in the Ritz Carlton Paris, one of the richest hotels in the world. There, every decoration, every inch of floor space, had been old-world decadence. Ceiling to floor, the rooms and various hotel sections had been as ostentatious, as opulent as a person could imagine. No penny had been spared, no section left ungilded; the hotel had screamed its wealth and prestige, and I had loved every inch.

This room had a similar feel, but with a much more modern twist. The ceilings were tall, lending more vastness to an already-spacious room. None of the furniture was ostentatious, at least not at first glance; indeed, the entire suite had an almost spartan feel, at least in comparison to the Ritz. Yet the tiles and wood floors, the vibrant accent walls and dark wood furniture, lent it a modern appeal that was as rich as anything I'd seen in Paris. The farther I ventured into the suite, in fact, the bigger I realized it was. "This is my room?" I asked incredulously.

Amyrah nodded. "Your two men will be in the suites beside this," she said, blushing. "My brother finds it unseemly for an unmarried woman to share a room with a man."

My two men? "Oh, no," I said quickly, shaking my head emphatically. "They're not both mine, seriously."

"I am not judging you," Amyrah continued quickly, mistaking my answer. "Many westerners come here with their own beliefs and practices. But my brother is very strict on the separation of sexes, at least while you are his guests."

My jaw worked soundlessly and I groaned inwardly. This wasn't a reaction I'd expected, and hearing the girl beside me speak so candidly made me blush. "I belong to neither of the men I'm with," I said firmly, telling myself that it was not technically a lie. "What's downstairs?" I asked, desperate to change the subject.

"The main floor has a variety of shops, catering to the hotel's diverse clientele." This part seemed almost a rote delivery, as if she'd rehearsed or practiced this part several times. "The concierge can help you with any tour options, and access to a private car comes as an option with these rooms." Amyrah beamed at me. "You can also ask me any questions and I will do my best to help you."

I studied the girl before me. "You live here in the hotel, don't you?" Something about the delivery of that speech made me think she was often called to help out the guests.

Amyrah flushed and looked down shyly. "We do have a family home," she conceded, "but when my parents died, my brother moved me here permanently."

The simple way she spoke about her parents' death made my heart break. "I lost my parents a few years back too," I murmured, looking around the room to control my sudden tears.

"Oh!" Amyrah touched my arm. "I am so sorry for your loss."

I almost broke down in tears at her selfless expression. Time, it seemed however, had given me enough strength not to do so; the memory hurt, but it was not the horrible ache I'd once been faced with. A thought occurred to me and I latched on like a bulldog. "That's it, we're going shopping."

The sudden change in conversation left Amyrah blinking. "What?"

I smiled at her surprise, tugging at her arm. "Come shopping with me. We don't have to buy anything, but we can still have fun. Anyway, the guys are probably doing their manly stuff, so let's be girls for once."

A bemused smile crossed the girl's face, and I winked. "It'll be fun, I promise."

As it turned out, Amyrah was a lot of fun when it came to "girl stuff". The rarity of this kind of trip for her was immediately apparent. From the way she ogled many of the window treatments for the stores, I could tell she didn't do this often. She knew where each and every store in the hotel was located, but her wide eyes told me she rarely, if ever, went inside.

So I dragged her into several high-end boutiques, pulling out dresses and holding them up against her. The idea of showing her legs or arms in public seemed scandalous to the Arab girl, so I changed my criteria a bit and began looking at floor-length, long sleeves gowns. Not too surprising, there were quite a few of those to be had, as well as many different headscarves in a variety of styles. For me, it was a slight culture shock; from the outside, the stores all looked like what you'd find in expensive American shopping areas. Once you started taking a closer look however, their selection obviously catered to a different, more local crowd.

Amyrah tried on several of the more colorful scarves and I was able to see her with her with her hair down. She really was a pretty girl, with long hair as dark as her brother's. I finally managed to get her to try one some of the dresses, promising her that nobody else would see her. It took a few dresses before she let me see her in a floor-length, long-sleeved red gown that went up to her neck but otherwise showed her curves. She fidgeted in front of me, tugging at the fabric. "It's very tight."

As far as I could see it was probably a size too big, but I beamed at her. "You look fantastic!"

A shy smile tugged at her lips. "I do, don't I?" she murmured, looking at herself in the mirror. Then her face fell. "But my brother would never approve."

"He doesn't have to know about..."

"My brother knows everything." She pinched her lips. "I should not have done even this."

I tried not to let her see my own disappointment when she walked out of the dressing room in her old clothes. "Not even any of the scarves?" I asked, and saw the reluctance in her face as she shook her head.

"Thank you for coming with me," she said, lips tugging up in a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes.

Well, this didn't turn out like I'd planned. Not that I'd had much of a plan, but I hadn't thought things would end on a sour note. There was a lot about Arab culture I didn't get, but I could see that Amyrah was unhappy, and I felt like much of the blame was mine. We exited the shop quietly, heading back toward the lobby, and I snuck a look at the other girl. I'd been cooped up with too much testosterone lately; first, locked in a house under constant guard, then stuck aboard a ship full of men.

What I really wanted to do was be girly, even if only for a little while, but apparently I'd screwed that up too.

"Listen," I said, trying to salvage the day, "I had fun. I'm sorry if I pushed you down a road you didn't like, but I'll try to be better." I poked at my clothing. "What I need right now is to change out of these clothes and wash up, but maybe we can meet down here afterwards?"

I didn't realize I'd been bracing myself for a refusal until I saw her answering smile and felt the tension drain out of my body. "I would love to," she said, her air regal but the smile showing her true feelings, and I grinned back in response.

We quickly arrived back at the lobby, and as I glanced toward the entryway I saw a dark man watching us. My smile wavered and I looked away, and then back behind us. My time with the Hamilton men, it seemed, had made me paranoid, and I nudge Amyrah when I saw another man staring in our direction. "Do you have anyone watching over you?" I murmured.

Amyrah gave me a puzzled look. "When I leave the hotel, yes, we do have security," she replied.

Maybe that was it. An overprotective brother would probably explain the dark figures I was sure were following us. I snorted. "Men."

I wasn't expecting an answer, but beside me Amyrah laughed. "Yes," she said simply, and we shared a smile before parting ways, promising to meet down here in an hour. That gave me enough time to shower and change clothes, and I was looking forward to it.

Unfortunately, the moment I came to my room, I realized that my plans were going to be difficult. Arguing male voices came from inside, and I groaned aloud as I pushed the door open. Lucas was sprawled in a chair just inside the doorway, a glass of some concoction in one hand. Nearby, Jeremiah was pacing, clearly agitated about something.

"What are you two doing in my room?" I demanded as I moved into the large living room.

Lucas raised a glass to me. "You have the biggest room," he said lightly, gracing me with a trademark grin.

I rolled my eyes, not in the mood to deal with either man. "You two can head to your own rooms," I snapped, folding my arms. "I need to take a shower and change clothes."

"Fantastic!" Lucas set his drink down on the end table. "I'll join you."

I couldn't do anything more than stare in shock, but Jeremiah stopped pacing at his brother's glib statement. "Loki," he growled, clenching his fists.

"You know, I can always tell when you're angry," Lucas said, pointing at his brother. "It becomes 'Loki this' or 'Loki that', which I think translates to 'I want to wring your neck.' No, seriously, tell me I'm wrong."

The two men seemed to have forgotten about me, and for that I was glad. My heart was beating too fast, and I struggled to collect my thoughts. The reminder of my actions aboard the ship was painful, harder still because Jeremiah was standing right there. If I looked at it too close, the guilt threatened to eat me alive.

"Anyway," Lucas continued, "you'll have to excuse my brother. He found out today that he is persona non grata back in America."

The news jarred me back to the present. "What do you mean," I asked, "he's not allowed back in the country?"

"Oh, nothing so interesting as that. Little brother here kept a stranglehold on the media, and with him out of the picture they're suddenly publishing all sorts of fun facts."

Jeremiah grunted. "I'm telling you, the timing is too much of a coincidence."

"And I think you're just bitter not being in total control anymore."

"The best way to deal with this is to be there in person." Jeremiah paced the floor, alive with nervous energy I didn't remember seeing before today. "Instead, I'm stuck half the world away while my name is dragged through the mud."

"Oh, boo hoo, poor little brother is worried about his reputation." Lucas rolled his eyes. "Excuse me if I don't shed a tear about the horrible loss."

Bitterness rang loud and clear from the scarred man's voice, and his words only served to make Jeremiah angrier. I knew I'd stepped into an argument that had been brewing for quite some time. The humorless mirth with which Lucas egged on his brother and the tense set to Jeremiah's shoulders told me this would be a fine time to make an exit.

"Fine," Lucas said to his brother as I turned to go, "you leave. Go home to your ivory tower. But Miss Delacourt is staying here with me." He snorted. "You've proven incapable of keeping her safe. How many times has she been taken out from under your nose?"

I whirled around at my name, staring at the arms dealer incredulously. Indignation robbed me of speech, but I saw Jeremiah turn at the insult. Lucas didn't seem to care about the danger he was in. He stared out the window over the desert skyline, sipping from his glass, as Jeremiah advanced.

There were small bottles in the bar before me, but I didn't want to throw anything hard at them. I could tell that, in a minute, there would be enough fighting where I couldn't do a thing. A spray nozzle lay beside the sink and I grabbed it up, aimed at the two men nearby, and pulled the trigger.

Seltzer water gushed out, dousing them and momentarily distracting them from mutually assured destruction. Lucas cursed, bolting up from the chair. Jeremiah also reversed course, backpedalling from the stream of liquid. I followed their retreats, keeping the spray trained on each man as they tried to get away. The extension for the nozzle only went so far, eventually tugging me to a stop a few feet from the bar.

"If you want to fight," I said, giving in to anger, "do it in your own rooms. Now get out of mine!"

The ground beneath me was slippery but I kept my focus on the two men who had matching faces of incredulity. Dropping the seltzer sprayer, I lifted my chin and glared at them. "I'm going to take a shower," I said with as much dignity as I could muster. "When I get out, I want both of you to be long gone."

Not bothering to wait for a response, I swept past them and stomped down the hallway, slamming the bathroom door in an undignified fashion. The bathroom was just as gorgeous as the rest of the suite, but I was too worked up to care. Making sure the door was locked, I started the shower and grabbed a towel, stripping and stepping into the warm spray.

With the water going, I couldn't hear anything going on outside and prayed they had left. I took my time in the shower, but eventually switched the water off and stepped out. Once I'd dried myself off, I poked my head out into the hallway. Silence greeted me. "Hello?"

No replies.

I padded down the hallway, peeking into the living room. Someone had wiped up the mess made by the seltzer water, leaving the damp rags in the bar sink, but otherwise I was alone. Huffing again, I went back to the bedroom to ready myself to meet Amyrah.

The downstairs lobby was full when the elevator doors opened, many of the people congregating at the nearby bar. Most of the people milling about were obviously westerners; I heard English being spoken with a variety of accents. I guessed it was some kind of conference just letting out from somewhere in the hotel, and hurried through the crowd toward the restaurant. I'd promised Amyrah to meet her within an hour, but had taken a few minutes too many with getting ready.

The restaurant also looked full, and I craned my neck to look for Amyrah. Sometimes I wished I was taller, as the flats I'd worn didn't lend me much height. Squeezing through the crowd, I leaned in toward the curved bar to get what I hoped was a better view and saw a woman in a white headscarf. I wasn't sure it was Amyrah until she waved to me, then disappeared into the crowd of people.

There weren't as many people away from the bar itself, which made moving through the crowd easier. When I saw the woman again, I relaxed as I saw the big smile on her face. The bustle of a nearby kitchen grew louder, and as I neared Amyrah she jerked sideways suddenly, disappearing from my view.

I stopped, surprised. Craning my neck around a man who'd moved in front of me, I found I couldn't see Amyrah anymore. My skin prickled and, shoving the man aside, I ignored his angry yell as I moved quickly to the last spot where I'd seen the Muslim girl. When I'd gotten to the spot near the kitchen door where I'd last seen her, I looked all around but saw no other white headscarves, only the flowing hair of the Western female guests.

There was a crash in the kitchen, and my head jerked sideways. I gave a moment's pause, biting my lip as I realized I could get into real trouble if I was wrong, then barged into the kitchen. The sound of cutlery and fire rose up around me, but I could have sworn I heard a woman's cry from my left. The kitchen staff were agitated, several of the men waving their arms in the air and shouting in Arabic, but I ignored them and took off after the cry. Several were incensed that I'd entered but I danced away from them, following what I hoped was the right lead.

I heard another angry woman's cry and, rounding the corner, saw a man carrying a robed figure in his arms. The figure was putting up a fight, and I recognized the now-dislodged white scarf still half-covering dark hair. I passed a tray holding an empty champagne bottle and grabbed it up as a weapon. Amyrah struggled in the man's arms, and I knew the moment she saw me because her dark eyes widened. The last of my indecision melted away and I took the last few steps necessary and brought the bottle hard against the man's head.

He staggered, dropping Amyrah to the floor. When he turned back toward me I was already swinging the bottle a second time. This time it clipped him on the temple and he went down, sprawling across the ground as if dead. Dropping the bottle through limp fingers, I stared at the figure at my feet in horror. He was wearing hotel employee colors, and blood trickled down a gash to the right of his forehead.

Ahead of me, Amyrah struggled to stand, and I stepped over the prone man to help the girl to her feet. She was staring down at her assailant, babbling in Arabic and clearly scared out of her wits. I said her name, then repeated it before she finally raised her eyes to me. "We need to go."

My words took a moment to register but she nodded. I grabbed her hand and pulled her after me, already lost in the maze of corridors. This looked more like the servants' entrances than anything a hotel guest was meant to see. The walls were a pale utilitarian cream, nowhere near as decadent as the rest of the building. I pulled us through several twists and turns, then stopped and faced Amyrah. "We should get to a public area. Do you know your way out of here?"

Having something to do snapped the girl out of her shock. "The shopping area is this way," she said, turning down yet another of the hallways. I followed close behind, wishing now that I'd kept ahold of that glass bottle. The halls in this section were mostly empty, but I knew when we grew closer to the shopping district because I could hear the hum of voices grow louder.

The door Amyrah pushed through led us out into another hallway that was different than the ones behind us. This one had mosaics on the wall and tiled floors, and I realized we were somewhere that guests would normally see. Sure enough, we spilled out directly into the main shopping area. I breathed a sigh of relief the moment I knew we were in public. Most of the people walking past ignored us, but at least I knew they were there to see if we needed help.

I nudged Amyrah. "Which way to the lobby?" All I could think about was finding Jeremiah or Lucas. They'd know what to do with this situation.

"Yes, this way."

We walked quickly, trying not to appear like we were running from something or someone. I looked around, trying to spot anyone else out of the ordinary. For the most part we were ignored; the mall was filled with a myriad of different cultures and nationalities, none of whom seemed interested in us. We were almost to the lobby and, I hoped, safe when I saw a man on the far wall zero in on our location. Uh oh. "Amyrah," I murmured as the dark figure started toward us, "we may need to run."

The shorter girl needed no encouragement; she took off immediately, and I followed right behind her. Sure enough, the man I'd been watching started after us, bringing his hand to his mouth. Oh God, I thought, there's more of them?

Ahead of us, at the mouth of the lobby, two more dark figures appeared. We skidded to a halt, looking for somewhere else to duck and hide. The ramp however was only wood paneled walls and mosaic tile floors; no doors or exits of any kind marred its surface. Amyrah huddled close to me as the three men rapidly advanced on us.

Up toward the lobby, a familiar silhouette stood outlined by the glass entrance. "Help," I all but screamed, and nearly collapsed in relief when the figure turned toward me. My cry made the three men pause and look toward where I'd called.

That was all the time it took for Jeremiah to reach our position.

The single man who had followed us up the ramp took off back toward the mall, but the other two waiting in the lobby weren't as lucky. Jeremiah grabbed both, throwing one to the wall while he dealt with the other. I covered my mouth when I saw a knife appear in the other man's hand, but the commando quickly disarmed him, then lashed out at our assailant's knee. The man went down with a howl, and Jeremiah turned to face the other man who seemed intent on following the third man back into the crowded mall. Jeremiah swung the man around into one of the tables as I realized a crowd was forming around us.

From the lobby, large men in suits barreled toward our location. The man on the ground struggled to his feet and Jeremiah turned, swiping the man's legs out from under him. The injured attacker went down but the distraction was all the second needed; he pushed away from the door, slipping past Jeremiah and taking off toward the mall. By then, security had arrived at our location, and Jeremiah raised his hands to show he wasn't a threat. The man at our feet tried to crawl away and Jeremiah put a foot down heavily between the man's shoulder blades, holding him on the floor.

Rashid appeared through the crowd of people and shouted orders in Arabic to the men who had been about to grab Jeremiah. They subsided and instead hauled up the man on the floor; Jeremiah stepped back to allow them access. I breathed a sigh of relief when he was hauled away, but still cast a quick glance back toward the shopping area. Two more had gotten away, and I wasn't happy about that.

Amyrah launched herself at her brother, who enveloped her into his wide embrace. The girl sobbed against him, hiding her face in his shoulder, and Rashid himself struggled not to be overcome himself. He faced Jeremiah, who stared back stoically. "I thank you," he murmured, laying a hand on his sister's head.

Jeremiah shook his head. "I wasn't the one who saved her," he murmured, moving in behind me.

The Arab man finally looked at me, really saw me, and gave a jerky nod. "Anything," he told me, then paused as Amyrah tightened her hold. The depth of his love for the sister in his arms shone through his eyes. "Anything you need that I may provide, it is yours."

I nodded back, unable to speak. Jeremiah's hands crept to my shoulders and without thinking about the possible consequences I leaned back against him. The adrenaline was still coursing through my veins, making my heart race. My heart sped up yet again however when the billionaire wrapped his arms around me, holding me close to his body. The inexplicable urge to cry came over me; oh, how I'd missed this!

As the throng of security thinned, I watched as Lucas pushed his way toward us. He took one look at me, his gaze flickering to Jeremiah, and a rueful smile tilted his lips. "Looks like I missed out on all the fun."

I wasn't allowed to leave immediately. In fact, I had nearly another two hours of questioning before I was finally free to go back up to my room for the night. Amyrah had disappeared, likely under her brother's lock and key after the kidnapping attempt. Security and what I assumed was Rashid's own team questioned me relentlessly about what had happened. I repeated my answers over and over again, growing more agitated with each passing minute, until finally Jeremiah ended the interrogation for me. He appeared halfway through my questioning and stayed, but finally he had swept me into his arms and stormed from the room. They let him go, either done with me or not wanting to get in front of the raging bull.

I managed to learn that, right about the time I was heading downstairs to meet Amyrah, her brother had received word of the imminent kidnapping. He'd immediately set out to find her, but the kidnappers had done so first. A van outside one of the catering entrances was spotted on surveillance video leaving with the other two alleged kidnappers. If I hadn't freed her from the man who'd snatched her, Amyrah would have been inside that van and headed only God knew where before her brother could lock down the building.

The timing seemed too coincidental, and that probably accounted for the length of my questioning. Nobody ran after us or tried to arrest me however, and I laid my head on Jeremiah's shoulder, exhausted by the whole ordeal. He didn't release me until we got to the door of my suite, and only then so I could pull out my key card.

All I wanted was to collapse into the bed and not have to think any more about the day so far, but Jeremiah had other ideas. "What kind of self-defense do you know?"

I sagged, groaning, but shook my head in response. He took my hand, flattened my fingers, then pulled it toward his neck. "If you ever get in close quarters, there are several weak areas. The side of the neck is one." He pulled my hand around so the heel was just touching the tip of his nose. "Hitting the nose like this can incapacitate an attacker long enough for you to get away."

"Jeremiah..."

Ignoring my plea, he twisted around me, angling one booted foot over my knee. "If you can strike anywhere at the knees, take the shot. Anything to hinder them from running after you."

"Why are you telling me this now?" I moaned, looking back toward my bedroom.

"I don't like seeing you helpless."

That statement got my attention. Jeremiah was staring down at me as passive as ever, but within that stillness I saw the predator struggling to get free. I also became aware of our nearness, how close we were to one another. I stared up into those green eyes and my heart stopped at the depth of emotion I saw there.

He stepped in close so that we were almost touching. I didn't move, breathing in his exquisite and unique scent. A hand smoothed my hair behind my ear, fingertips running down the side of my neck. I couldn't drop my gaze; his eyes held me in their power. Reaching up, I traced the lines of his face and my heart skipped as he leaned into my palm.

"Let me stay tonight." His voice was rough with need, but his touch remained gentle, almost featherlike.

I took a deep breath and let my eyelids fall closed. Blindness didn't remove him from my senses; I could feel him standing close, his scent and presence enough to make my heart want to beat out of my chest. But it gave me the strength to say three of the most difficult words of my life.

"Good night, Jeremiah."

The hand caressing my face stopped, then fell away. Everything inside me strained to follow, to reach out again for his touch. I opened my eyes and looked up to see him still watching me, a thoughtful look on his face. Then, to my astonishment, a smile creased his lips. My mouth dropped, the expression so foreign to me coming from his face as to make me speechless.

"I didn't know what I had until it was too late," he murmured before stepping away. "Good night, Lucy Delacourt. Our conversation is not over."

My breathing came in little gasps as he let himself out. I stood still for several minutes, afraid that if I moved, it would be to run after him.

Would that be so bad?

I didn't know any more.

Part of me wasn't sure whether my defiance was a result of self-preservation, or a way to punish him. Except, now I didn't know whom I was punishing more, Jeremiah...or myself. I craved his touch, needed him with every breath in my body. Being around him brought out the best and worst in me; as much as I wanted him, I feared what would happen if I gave in. All I knew was that, this time, I wouldn't survive it if he rejected me.

The last time I'd bared my feelings, he'd walked away, leaving a crack on my heart that I still had no idea how to fix. How could I even consider trusting him with that power again?

And would he even want me when he learned my secret?

I staggered zombie-like to my bedroom, pulling the covers up and sliding beneath them without even taking off my clothes. Curling into a small ball, I stared out into the darkness, my mind a black wall of pure emotion, until finally at some point I fell into a fitful slumber.

CHAPTER 8

I wasn't sure how I'd come to be riding a four-wheeler through the Arabian Desert sands, but I was having too much fun to care.

We'd left the city far behind us, invisible to the naked eye from the roll of dunes. Even from my current vantage point I saw no sign of the tall buildings anywhere along the horizon. Below the dune, others moved along like ants towards our destination, a Bedouin encampment in the middle of the desert. I'd grown tired of playing follow the leader and, in a spontaneous moment, had scaled a nearby sand dune. It had been steeper than I first thought, but not so bad that I was afraid.

The desert sun shone directly into my eyes as I crested the dune, and I stopped atop the sandy ridge. The ATV rumbled beneath me as I surveyed the landscape stretching out to the horizon. Never before had I seen anything like it; the hills of sand, contrasted by the blue skies above, took my breath away.

My wakeup call that morning had been quite the surprise. Given what had occurred the previous day, I would have thought we'd be under lock and key, or at least confined to the hotel. So it had been surprising when Lucas showed up at my door, inviting me with a big grin on his face to have a desert safari.

There was no way I was saying no to a once-in-a-lifetime experience!

We'd gotten a late start, thanks in part to the security detail that was coming with us. Rashid seemed excited to give us this gift, but I could tell the men guarding him had their doubts. Amyrah was nowhere to be found; I hadn't heard from the girl since the previous night. My guess was that her overprotective brother had her under constant guard, locked away in his ivory tower.

It would have been nice to have her here with me. I wonder if you ever get used to these kinds of views?

Twin rumbles came from the hill behind me, and I turned just as Jeremiah and Lucas rode up and stopped on either side of me. I rolled my eyes, remembering I had my own overprotective goon squad.

"You shouldn't leave the group," Jeremiah said. "We may not be safe out here."

"Oh, lighten up little brother." Lucas grinned out from beneath a ratty ball cap at Jeremiah's answering scowl. "Admit it; you just don't like having fun."

Being between the two men was like wrangling a pair of kids. Lucas seemed determined to goad his brother, and wasn't above using me as bait. At the hotel, I'd been hustled to the car by Lucas before Jeremiah even appeared, and had watched through the window as the two men bickered. I wasn't sure who the victor was but both men entered the car, sitting on either side of me. Any attempts on my part to lighten the mood through conversation didn't work, so I stayed silent as we drove out of the city.

Nobody had told me what to expect, so when we pulled off the road onto a side road, I was confused. Our cars bumped along a road that was little more than a trail between dunes, usually with large sand drifts that lifted one side of the car higher as we rolled over them. I was jostled between the two men, which didn't help my mood any, and was relieved when we finally stopped near the small fleet of ATVs and camels.

I'd then been given the task of choosing which mode of transportation we'd take to our next destination. The camels didn't look all that appealing up close, so I'd opted for the machines instead.

"You've done this before, haven't you?"

I grinned at Lucas, feeling a little self-satisfied. "What, afraid a girl's going to beat you at manly sports?"

The scarred man laughed. "I'll race you then," he taunted, "first person back to the group." Without waiting for my reply, Lucas gunned the engine and turned his ATV around in record time. He took off down the hill, the paddle tires spraying us with sand.

I revved my engine, then paused when I saw Jeremiah's face. He was scowling at the horizon, and after a moment looked over at me. His gaze softened, but his mouth and jaw remained tight.

"You didn't want to come, did you?"

My statement was pure conjecture, but he nodded. "We aren't safe out here," he said over the rumble of the motors. "I don't know why Rashid or Lucas would agree on an outing like this."

The exact same thought had been bouncing around my head all day. We were isolated out here, caught in the middle of nowhere. "Lucas said the trip had been given as a gift, and we'd be rude to say no."

"That's what he told me, too." Jeremiah scowled at the sandy view. He looked uncomfortable, which was something I didn't equate with the big man. I knew it wasn't our impromptu mode of transportation; he rode the quad easily, even through the more technical areas I'd gone around. He was always in control, keeping an iron fist on his life, but the last few days had stripped him of that.

"So why did you come?" I asked, genuinely curious.

For a moment I wasn't sure he was going to answer me. His gaze didn't waver from the horizon where the sun was closing in on twilight. Finally he spoke. "Right now, Rashid controls everything. Because Lucas took all of my equipment, I don't have any access to my own network so can't do my own research on our host, my brother's "friend". I don't know how to feel about accepting his help when I don't know anything about the man."

"Lucas seems to trust him."

"Yes, another fact stacked against the man."

I blew out a breath, silently commiserating. For someone so used to controlling every aspect of his life, this had to be a major blow.

Finally Jeremiah turned to me. "What happened when he took you?"

My heart froze. I swallowed hard, staring at the horizon. "I translated for one of Lucas' deals. Got Shanghaied, almost killed by a deranged saboteur." I shrugged, although my heart wasn't in it. "You know, the usual."

"That son of a bitch." I felt Jeremiah's eyes on me. "I should never have left you alone in that house like I did."

My chest hurt, the desire to tell him everything strong enough to bring tears to my eyes. Oh God, what have I done?

"You guys coming or what?"

Lucas' voice drifted up the dune, snapping us both from our thoughts. Jeremiah glared down the hill as I looked away, blinking back tears. Without looking at the man beside me, I turned the quad around atop the dune and headed slowly down the sandy surface.

"What took you so long?" Lucas asked as I reached the bottom. When I didn't answer, his grin turned brittle along the edges. "Did my brother say something to you?"

I shook my head and, thankfully, the gunrunner backed off that line of questioning. "Where did you learn how to ride these things so well?"

"My great-aunt had some land up in Quebec when I was growing up," I replied, glad for the subject change. Jeremiah pulled beside me as I continued. "We used to race snowmobiles around her property in the winter." I didn't tell them that it had been over a decade, and I'd never driven one by myself. I was having fun with the quad anyway and doing well enough on my own.

Lucas laughed. "Sounds like fun."

"I thought you didn't have any family left."

I shrugged at Jeremiah's question. "When my parents moved to New York, we fell out of touch. I don't know them except for a few childhood memories. So when my parents died, asking them for help seemed like asking for charity."

"Pride cometh before the fall," Lucas quipped, and I flinched. The smile slipped from his face. "I'm sorry, that was insensitive."

I maneuvered the quad back and around both of the other vehicles. Right at that moment I didn't want to talk to either man about my family or the choices I'd made in life. My secret gnawed at my soul; being with both men only made my guilt that much sharper. Flying down the tall dune, I followed after the main group that was waiting for us. We were the only ones riding on the quads, Rashid and his men preferring the relative safety of the SUV.

The shadows cast by the sandy hills were growing larger by the minute as the sun set along the distant horizon. The wind on my face helped clear the twin tears sliding down my cheeks. By the time the two Hamilton men had caught up with me, the dry desert air had already soaked up the moisture on my face.

When we reached the encampment, the sun had already disappeared below the horizon, leaving the last tendrils of twilight to guide our way. The camp however was difficult to miss; it glowed like a fiery brand against the fading light, an oasis of light in the growing night.

The entire encampment had a wall surrounding it made up of reeds or some kind of vegetation. As we came inside, I saw that the area was lit with a combination of fire and electricity. I neither saw nor heard any generators running, and although I saw no panels, I wagered a silent guess that the Bedouin camp used solar energy. Perfect for a desert people, if not quite as rustic as one might imagine.

We parked the vehicles near the entrance, and I winced as I swung my leg from the ATV. Much of the afternoon had been spent on the four wheelers, and I walked bow-legged for a moment before my muscles stopped cramping. Away from where the vehicles were parked, large rugs lay on the sand around the areas where people could walk. The wind had picked up, swirling little eddies of sand around the SUV.

"Lucy!"

At the familiar voice, I turned to see Amyrah walking toward me. A big grin split my face as we embraced. "I thought your brother wouldn't let you out of the hotel," I said incredulously.

"Oh, he almost wouldn't. I had to plead and beg to come see you again." She tugged at my arm. "Come, we have food and entertainment waiting."

"Entertainment?"

I had no idea what kind of extravaganza we'd be in for at the desert camp.

While we ate, Amyrah introduced me to several of the women in the group. Several of them were dancers, the thin veils they covered themselves with barely hiding the curves of skin and gilded outfits. They were all beautiful, and Amyrah seemed to be friends with many of them. I got the impression the young girl desperately wanted to be amongst their ranks, be allowed to wear the sparkling, skimpy outfits and dance on stage.

The furtive looks over her shoulder toward her brother, and the constant guard detail she had flanking her, told me Amyrah's struggle in that respect would be long.

The entertainment began before everyone had finished eating. The belly dancers started the show, and I was mesmerized by how their bodies moved to the beat of the nearby drums. The wind blew their veils all around but the dancers moved with it, allowing the currents to only add to the dance. I watched, fascinated, by the movements of the women; they were so much more sexual than I would have thought from the Arabic country.

When my wood plate skidded across the table with the wind and people began milling about in the background, I realized something was amiss. The dancer on stage finished her routine, the veils whipping around her, then as she exited the platform Rashid stepped toward us. "We will be staying here tonight," he said, directing his words at Jeremiah and Lucas who flanked me. He beckoned Amyrah to him, then gestured to one of the male dancers. "Hassan will show you where you will spend the night."

The wind was howling now, sand pelting my exposed skin. Jeremiah tucked me in to his side, shielding me with his jacket as we followed the dancer toward a row of tents at the far end of the complex. Around us, lights were going out one by one, plunging our path into near darkness. Fortunately, Hassan had a flashlight which, if we stayed close to him, was still visible through the sandy air.

We ducked into a small hallway lined with rugs and woven blankets, a brief respite to the sandy conditions. Hassan, it appeared, couldn't speak English but he did just fine by pointing: I was to go there, Jeremiah there, and Lucas over there. Without a word we parted ways, although I was loathe to release the large man holding me. Being back in his arms was pure heaven; the guilt weighing my soul was still there, but I wanted to cling to this moment for as long as possible.

The interior of my tent was much like the outside. Thick cloth protected us from the elements, the material rippling with the wind. The floor was covered by rugs, with a single solar lamp on the floor lighting the room. To one side, there was a low bed, only raised a foot or so off the ground. Pillows lined the room, and an ornate hookah sat on a low table at one end.

Despite myself, I paused to marvel at my surroundings. I was in a Bedouin camp, inside one of their tents, on the Arabian desert. This was not at all where I thought I would ever find myself, and despite everything I was happy to be part of this.

I heard the howling winds grow louder behind me and turned to see Jeremiah close the flap over the door. My breath caught as we stared at one another from across the small room. His face was as open as I'd ever seen; deep emotion warred across his features, but he didn't step forward. I was rooted in place, unable to make a move.

Finally, he spoke. "I admit that I've put you through a lot in our time together." His voice was rough, but his gaze on me didn't waver. "Say the word and I'm gone."

My gut clenched at his words, but he wasn't finished. "I need you." His words were like the gasp of a drowning man. "I should never have run like that, back at the house, but l-love..." He paused over the stammered word, face twisting in frustration. "All my life, that word, that feeling, has been a crutch I was forced to overcome. You've seen my mother, and I thank God you never had to meet my father because he, he was ten times worse."

"Jeremiah," I whispered, breath shaky.

"But I need you," he rasped, taking a jerky step forward. "Every cell in my body is telling me to run away, leave you alone, and I can't."

I took the necessary two steps forward, and stared up at him. His fists stayed by his sides, but from here the desperation in his eyes overwhelmed me. Choking back a sob of my own, I reached up and cupped his face, stroking his cheek with my thumb. His body tensed as if holding him back, and I felt a tear streak down my face.

My future was laid out before me in sudden and stark detail. No matter what I chose to do, it led to the same outcome: heartbreak on a scale from which neither of us would recover. I had betrayed the man I loved because I thought he had rejected me, and yet here stood as firm a testament to his affections as I'd likely ever see. That he couldn't say the words didn't matter; I saw everything I'd ever hoped for in my life shining from his eyes.

And I couldn't bear to let him go. Not yet. Pure selfishness on my part, but I knew that to give him up would break me, knew now what the revelation would do to Jeremiah. Our fate was sealed but for this one moment.

"Please," he ground out, body quaking beneath my palm, and the last of my resistance fell away. Rising up on my tiptoes, I pulled his head down and brought his mouth to mine.

That small kiss, barely a brush of lips, shook him free of his paralysis. He cupped my face tenderly in his hands, the touch feather-light which only emphasized the shaky control he exerted. Deepening the kiss was therefore left to me, and I crushed myself to him, desperate for as much contact as two bodies could allow.

Outside our little tent, the wind roared and howled, drowning out the sounds we made. Jeremiah swept me off my feet, moving us across to the small mattress. He laid me carefully on the bed, kneeling above and wiping another tear from my eye before settling between my legs and taking my mouth in another kiss.

In the darkness of our little world, there was only Jeremiah and myself. We were insatiable, neither of us able to take our hands off the other. What sleep we managed was only in between bouts of activity. Long after I'd grown sore and weary from our lovemaking, I still climbed on his hips when I felt he was hard again, riding him to another mutual orgasm.

My desperation for him was matched by his for me, and in those hours when we were together, I could pretend that this could be forever. That I would never have to give him up.

That I hadn't made a mistake that would shatter us both.

The darkness hid us from view, but that didn't stop my hands from tracing every outline of muscle, every curve of his beloved body. I memorized every inch of him, stowed the knowledge away in the back of my mind for the future. If tears wet my cheeks, he never saw them; I buried my own pain to give him everything he wanted, for this one night at least.

The sandstorm had died down by the last time I awoke to find him already inside me, staring down from above. Sated and deliciously sore, I still twined my arms around his neck and tilted my hips to meet his thrusts. Remnants of a dream where I had been one of the belly dancers still flitted through my head, and I rotated my hips, grinding against him to the beat of our hearts.

He exhaled raggedly before rolling us sideways so that he lay beneath me. I peered down at him through my hair, then coiled my naked body above him. Closing my eyes, I flipped my hair back and danced above him, a slow and sensual rhythm flowing through me. His fingers dug into my hips as I swayed above him. Gone was the fierce need for completion; I danced for him, twisting myself to the music in my head. His hands smoothed up my sides to cup my breasts, thumbs flicking the nipples.

I splayed my hands across his wide chest, leaning forward as I rolled my hips, bringing him in and out of my body. Only then did I finally open my eyes to see him staring up at me, an awed fascination in his gaze. "So beautiful," he breathed, before capturing my face and bringing me back down for another kiss.

We stayed like that for a while, no goal except to pleasure and find pleasure in each other. Finally, at long last, I slept, unable to keep myself awake any longer.

When I awoke, I was alone inside the tent. Sunlight poked through the cracks in the tent, enough light for me to see my clothing strewn across the room. There was no sign of Jeremiah, but I could still smell him on me, feel his lingering presence on my skin. The ache between my legs was no lie, but I ignored it as best I could, dressing quickly before pulling back the flap on the door.

Light streamed in, and I squinted down the makeshift hallway into the bright area that was the camp's center. My eyes hadn't yet adjusted but I could make out figures milling about. It was still too bright for me to watch for more than a couple seconds.

"Don't worry, nobody saw him leave your tent."

I jumped, startled, and looked the other direction to see Lucas sitting on the ground next to my room. He was staring at his hands, idly wiping sand from between his fingers. All I could do was stare, frozen in place, wondering how long he'd been sitting there. The silence stretched too long, and finally I had to say something. "Obviously, you saw him."

"Yes, but apparently I'm nobody." He stood to his feet, continuing to stare at the other wall before turning to look at me. The smiling mask was gone; he wore a stoic expression that would have done Jeremiah proud. "So, you've made your choice."

There had never been a choice. But looking at the scarred man, I couldn't say that out loud. "Lucas," I started, but nothing else would come out.

He waited several seconds for me to continue, but when I didn't continue he sighed. "Did you tell him?" he asked in a low voice.

I swallowed the sudden lump in my throat and gave a jerky shake of the head. "You're not going to tell," I started, unable to complete my question.

Annoyance played out across Lucas' face. "It isn't my secret to tell," he said firmly. For a moment he looked at a loss for words, then those blue-green eyes met mine. "Did I ever have a chance with you?"

I closed my eyes briefly, unsure how to respond. As much as I wanted to forget, or rather go back and change, my choice to turn to him for comfort, it had happened. Lucas had, whether I wanted to admit it or not, given me the comfort and safety I'd needed. He deserved an answer, but I couldn't begin to process the question, not now. Not here.

His eyes trailed over my shoulder, then in the blink of an eye the smiling mask was back. "So no, sandstorms aren't normal for this time of the year, but isn't it just a great coincidence that one happens just as... Well, speak of the devil."

I blinked in confusion, then turned my head to see Jeremiah and Rashid duck into the small hall. Jeremiah gave his brother a frosty look then turned to me. His face softened but he didn't try to touch me, just stood close enough that his arm brushed my shoulder.

"Rashid, my old friend." Lucas' words seemed deliberate, the smile on his face forced. "I came for answers to questions, not a tour of this lovely desert. I thought you would have something for us by now."

"Alas my old friend, it is you who are mistaken." Rashid pulled an envelope out from under his arm and handed it over to Lucas, who took it gingerly. "Your task was not an easy one, nor was it cheap."

Lucas eyed the other man thoughtfully as he opened the yellow envelope and pulled out the contents. Frowning at the paper in his hands for a moment, he passed it over to Jeremiah. "Do you know him?"

I peered over Jeremiah's arm as the billionaire studied the photo. The picture was grainy, like it had been taken from far away and blown up. The single man pictured was wearing sunglasses, and could have been any other dark-haired, sunglass-wearing men in the world. Jeremiah gave a growling sigh. "This was the best you could do?"

"Hardly." Rashid favored the man beside me with a small smile. "I also got a name. Alexander Rush."

Jeremiah shook his head. "Doesn't ring a bell."

"Well, it should. Apparently, he's your brother."

I was going to end this part here. Then I thought...

Nah. ;-)

CHAPTER 9

Neither Jeremiah or Lucas said anything for several long seconds, and then I couldn't keep my mouth shut.

"Another one?"

Both men turned to look at me, and I squared my shoulders, staring back. Two Hamilton men in this world were enough for my taste.

Jeremiah looked between Rashid and the photograph for a moment, then shared a glance with Lucas. "There have been several people over the years who claimed Rufus was their father," he said carefully, handing the photo back to Lucas. "How do we know he's who he says, and how do we know you're correct?"

Rashid shrugged. "Whether he is or is not related is of no concern to me. He believes he is, and that is enough."

"How did you find out about this?" Jeremiah persisted.

"Don't ask him that," Lucas interrupted before Rashid could answer. The arms dealer was peering intently at the photograph, appearing to ignore everyone else. "He gets all cryptic and shit, saying he has his ways or something."

Rashid flicked an annoyed glance at Lucas. "My cryptic bullshit may have uncovered the man out to murder you," he snapped.

Lucas grinned widely. "Hey, I didn't say you don't produce good results."

The exchanges made me wonder just how "friendly" the two men were. I remembered that, when we'd exited the helicopter at the hotel, neither man had shaken hands. Rashid might have owed Lucas a favor, but despite the assertions of friendship, neither man seemed to like the other much.

"I do not like to be mocked." Only slightly mollified, Rashid turned back to Jeremiah. "I have an extensive network of informants, but I must tell you this information was difficult to attain. Whoever Mr. Rush may be, he is exceedingly difficult to track or learn about."

"It's a start, and more information than we had previously. I'll get my people working on it as soon as we get back to the hotel."

"You're in contact with them?" I asked, surprised.

Jeremiah nodded, and pulled something from his pocket. "I picked it up from a retailer in the hotel the morning we left. Haven't been able to call out yet as there isn't much reception in the middle of the desert."

I stared at the small phone in his hand, a sick churning starting in my gut. Something told me that my time in this life was coming to a close, and there was nothing I could do about it. The best thing would be to reveal everything and get it over with but... I looked up in Jeremiah's beautiful face and felt the cracks in my heart grow wider.

"Lucy?"

I turned at my name to see Amyrah walking up behind her brother. She glanced around the throng of men, then back at me. "I was wondering if you'd like to ride back with me?"

Her offer was a godsend that I didn't deserve. Swallowing back my rising anxiety, I gave her a genuine smile. "I'd love to, thanks." Without looking at any of the men, I slid past them and followed the Arab girl out into the sun.

"What was that about?" she asked once we were out of earshot.

I shrugged. "Information exchange, testosterone fest, whatever you'd like to call it."

"Ah." She peered at me as we moved toward her vehicle. "Men being men, then?"

I laughed, cut short by a shaky breath. "I'm ready to go home."

Amyrah nodded. "We'll be back at the hotel in a couple hours."

The hotel wasn't the home I'd meant. I wanted, more than anything, to go back to who I was before, back to the life I'd lived before I even heard of Jeremiah Hamilton. My existence may not have been easy then, but the simplicity and straightforwardness of my situation had been easier to bear.

Now, I felt as trapped as I had when Jeremiah had offered me that contract.

"Is everything okay?"

Shaking my head, I gave Amyrah a small smile. "I'm just tired." I followed her into the vehicle, wondering what adventures lay ahead of me now.

And finding that I couldn't bring myself to care.

"I have something to show you."

I sat on the bed while the other girl busied herself in the large bathroom. Amyrah's suite was almost as large as mine and, as far as I could tell, seemed to be more like an apartment than a hotel room. Pictures of her brother and what I guessed were family lined the walls, and the closet that I had briefly seen was full of clothes. In a way it made sense; her brother owned a share of this hotel, perhaps they also lived here full time.

"You ready?"

I nodded, then realizing she couldn't see me called out, "Ready."

Still there was a pause, then finally the door opened and Amyrah stepped out. "What do you think?"

My mouth dropped open, and a genuine smile stretched across my lips. "You bought it!" I exclaimed, grinning up at the shy girl. The red dress looked as good now as it had in the store, and I could tell my pleasure made the other girl happy.

Amyrah blushed and bit her lip, but sashayed over to a full-length mirror in one corner of the room. She turned this way and that, admiring herself. "I've never owned anything like this," she said. "I don't know if I'd have the courage to wear it out of this room."

"Sure you can!"

The other girl rolled her eyes. "My brother will think I am crazy," she murmured, smiling at her reflection in the mirror.

"Screw your brother." The words were out of my mouth before I even considered how inappropriate they were. It was one thing to make fun of your own family, another thing for someone else to say such things.

But my comment just elicited a startled laugh from the other girl. "Screw my brother," she repeated, then giggled. "He would not like it if I told him that." She studied her reflection for a moment, then lifted her arms to shoulder level and began moving her body like the dancers from the previous night.

I clapped my hands as she twisted her hips, moving in a small circle and ending with one last hip bump. "I'll bet he wouldn't like that either."

Amyrah looked pleased with herself. "He is my brother," she said, as if that answered everything. Perhaps it did. "I know he will love me, even if I choose to become a dancer."

The idea of the conservative girl before me running off with the Bedouin camp to be a dancer should have been funny, but instead of laughter, I felt tears well up in my eyes. My breaths grew labored as I struggled against the sudden and inexplicable need to break down. No matter what I did however, I couldn't stop the shivering that began in my belly and spread throughout my body.

Amyrah caught my eye in the mirror and spun around. "Are you all right?" she exclaimed, kneeling down beside me on the bed.

I nodded my head repeatedly, but couldn't say anything. Finally, I shook my head. "No," I croaked.

"Lucy, what happened?"

The concern in her voice bolstered me enough to get myself back together, at least somewhat. "I made a mistake. A huge mistake, and I'm..." Afraid. God, I was so afraid. Not about what would happen to me, but what would happen to Jeremiah when he found out what I had done. I knew he loved me, knew it with every fiber of my being.

And I knew my betrayal had destroyed that forever.

Amyrah grabbed my hand, pulling me forward, and I collapsed sobbing onto her shoulder. Breathing was difficult but I didn't care. Anguish about what I knew I had to do coursed through me, spilling out in wrenching gasps and muffled cries. Soft arms wrapped around me, holding me tight like I hadn't been held since before my parents died. Guilt and agony poured out of me, and I clung to the woman before me.

Eventually, I realized I was blubbering all over a beautiful red gown, being held by a girl who had known me barely a couple days. I leaned back, scooting over on the bed, but Amyrah kept a tight grip on my hand. "What happened?" she asked again, enunciating every word.

"Have you ever made a mistake so big, it feels like you'll never get past it?"

Something about her concerned look gave me my answer, that she was free of that burden. She still squeezed my hand, moving around so that she was in front of me. "Would you like me to call your men?" she asked, her tone serious.

I barked a laugh at her phrasing. "No," I said, the sudden humor too much right then. "No, I'm fine. This isn't because of them." A bold-faced lie, but it seemed to do the trick.

"You didn't kill somebody, did you?"

I turned startled eyes to Amyrah. "No," I said in a rush, and felt her relax.

"Then whatever is wrong can be fixed, right?"

But I was wrong, I realized. I might as well have killed love, at least when it came to Jeremiah Hamilton. Everything I knew about his history, the way he had looked at me the last few days, told me my news could shatter that inside him forever.

Closing my eyes, I covered my mouth and focused on breathing normally. It took several deep breaths to calm my quaking lungs. Such a drama queen you are, Lucy Delacourt, I admonished myself, mortification settling over me like a blanket. I certainly had a high opinion of myself, thinking I had that much control over another man's emotional well-being. Smoothing the hair from my face, I wiped my eyes hastily with the back of my hand and stood. "I'm sorry," I said, balancing precariously. "I don't know what came over me."

"Lucy," Amyrah called as I turned to go. Biting my lip, I turned to look at the other girl. Concern and anxiety was written all over her face, and her hands were clenched tightly in front of her body. "If you need any help," she said, "please let me know."

I gave a jerky nod, dashing away new tears that leaked from my eyes with one hand. "You do look gorgeous though," I murmured, attempting a smile. Apparently I didn't do a good job with the expression because the worry in her face deepened, but I couldn't stay there any more. "I'll call you soon," I mumbled, then turned and left the room, heading straight for the front door.

I stood outside Jeremiah's front door for several minutes before I finally got the nerve to give it a light rap. Really, it was barely more than a whisper, and I forced myself to knock harder a minute later. I didn't want to be there and had no idea what I would say when the door opened, but was never given the chance to find out. The door remained closed, even after a third attempt, and the pressure around my heart decreased slightly as I turned toward my own room.

Light streamed through the open windows, as bright as the desert sands we'd gone through the previous afternoon. Somewhere in the room came the faint hum of a fan, and the gossamer curtains across the window swayed in the small breeze produced. I leaned back against my door for a moment, allowing the nervous shaking in my legs to ease a bit, before moving further into the room.

Reaching up, I pulled out the clip from my hair and let it fall in a tangle to my shoulders. A shower and nap sounded divine; my nerves could use the relief. I had already started unbuttoning my shirt, moving through the living room to the bathroom at the back of the suite, when I saw something nearby me move.

I gave a startled squeaked, stumbling back against a nearby chair as Jeremiah rose to his feet from the couch beside me. He'd been sitting there the entire time, and I'd been so preoccupied that I hadn't seen him. My heart racing, I leaned against the chair and placed my hand over my chest as he crossed the room, pausing to look outside. "Jeremiah," I said breathlessly. "I was just..."

"When," he asked, his voice as cold as I'd ever heard, "were you going to tell me you fucked my brother?"

