Chapter 1

I looked down from my top floor office at the hustle and bustle down below. I felt bereft, adrift and just downright bored. Life has become somewhat melancholy here lately. It was a hard pill to swallow for someone who's supposed to be at the top of his game. My business was going gangbusters I had my finger on the pulse point of life and yet here I am. My breath caught as I saw what I'd been waiting for, what has been drawing me here to my windows for the past few days.

There she goes again, fuck me. Does she have any idea what she does to me? Of course she doesn't, she haven't a clue, she doesn't even know I exist.

In her catholic school uniform that made me want to perform all sorts of illegal acts. Well maybe not so much illegal. She looked to be at least seventeen or eighteen; sixteen is legal in this state.

So what if I'm twenty-six years old? Legal is legal, still I've been fighting myself, trying to be good.

That's not my forte.

I'd seen her for the first time three and a half weeks ago. The wind had been extremely high that day as I'd been exiting my chauffeur driven car, when she walked by on the other side of the street. It wasn't the short skirt blowing about her legs that caught my attention, no. It was the way the wind blew in her hair. The way her small, slender hand came up to hold it back from her face; why the fuck did I find that so hot?

She had the typical teenage body, tight ass, perky tits, though hers seemed a little on the heavy side on her slender frame, but it was her lips that really got to me, those fucking lips that made you think 'Angelina who'?

I've had dreams of fucking that mouth for three weeks and counting, but still I hesitate to approach her. A man in my position can never be too careful and going after a young girl might not be the smartest move. On the other hand Gideon Thorpe isn't in the habit of denying himself anything, especially something that affects him so deeply. Not much does anymore so that added even more of a pull. A challenge something to get the blood pumping again. I felt my body react at the thought.

How would she feel under my hands? Would she be soft and sweet, or was she one of those ridden hard types? She didn't strike me as such she had an air of innocence about her, something that was sorely lacking in my world and had been for quite some time.

I watched her now from the high-rise office in my building downtown. I've become obsessed, I'll be the first to admit it, but there were a few things to take into consideration, not the least being the woman I've been fucking for the past two years. I say it like that because that's just what it was. She's a fuck, a good fuck, but just a fuck nonetheless.

I would need to extricate myself from that situation before I approached my Blossom.

I didn't let myself worry about whether or not she was in a relationship of her own, that wouldn't stop me.

She'd called forth something in me that no one else ever had, to me that meant only one thing; she's meant to be mine.

Chapter 2

I had the timer in my office set to go off every morning at the time I knew she usually walked by on her way to school. It didn't matter what I was doing at that time I'd stop to watch her, kind of like getting my fix for the day. Once I'd been in the middle of a conference call when it went off, I'd carried on with the meeting while standing at the bank of windows and spying on her through my new binoculars bought just for my new pastime.

The buzzing of the intercom alerted me to my secretary calling. I didn't want to take my eyes away from the scene below on the sidewalk across the street. So fucking beautiful it hurts. I felt the telltale signs of desire once more as my body reacted to the vision. If the pull was this strong from afar I can't imagine what it would be like once I get her beneath me. With a heavy sigh I walked over to my desk, whoever this is it better be fucking good.

"Thorpe." I picked up the phone none too gently I'm sure my secretary was wondering who the fuck had pissed in my oatmeal here lately seeing as how I have not been my usual self. Long nights dreaming of a girl whose name you didn't know but who fucking halfway owned you already puts a man like me in a pissy mood. I had to handle things right so nothing came back to bite me in the ass, but the waiting was killing me. I'm sure dignitaries vetted heads of state faster than my shit was taking.

"Miss. Halston on the line for you sir." Shit, I knew why she was calling; Lynn isn't a stupid woman. She knew the signs and what they meant. I haven't touched her in three and a half weeks. I couldn't, it seemed my body and mind maybe even my heart had already moved on.

"Lynn!"

"Gideon, what's going on?"

"Now's not a good time." I scrubbed my hand over my face this was not a conversation for here and now.

"It hasn't been a good time in about a month, if you have something to say to me why don't you just say it?"

"This isn't the way to do this." I'm nothing if not a gentleman after all and though I have no fear of confrontation I don't like messy scenes. I'd been putting things off with her because well truth be known how the fuck do you break up with someone who was just a fuck buddy? I erroneously thought all it took was me not seeing her, which I haven't in weeks, but apparently we were gonna do this shit the hard fucking way.

"No let's do this now, are you cheating on me?"

Two things pissed me the fuck off about that, one was her tone and two was the implication. I understood her feelings of rejection, but I'm sure she'd feel a hell of a lot worst if I fucked her while imagining someone else.

We'd been fucking each other exclusively for the past two years, but she knew better, she knew I didn't harbor those feelings for her, I never once pretended to. She was just as free as I to move on at any time that was the understanding we had.

"First of all, we don't have that type of relationship so it wouldn't be construed as cheating. Second of all that's not who I am, but there has been a change of late, which I had planned to discuss with you later on tonight..."

"Look just tell me whatever it is you have to say, I'm a big girl, I can take it."

So you say, but I know better. The pristine Ms. Halston who's ever vaunted in the gossip rags as the epitome of social grace can throw a temper tantrum like none I'd ever seen. Of course with me she's all that is sweet but I've heard the stories, though she's always been careful to keep that side hidden from me. I don't tolerate that sort of behavior in anyone.

"Okay then, I think we should call it quits." What the fuck she wants to do this now? No skin off my nose.

"You...." Here we go I gave up my morning fix for this shit? I knew she'd be gone already by the time I got back to the window the sidewalk was only but so fucking long.

"How could you just decide that with no warning, nothing? You didn't even discuss it with me first."

"Lynn you knew this day was coming, you knew we weren't going anywhere. We both used each other to fill a need, it's over, and just so you know I'm not doing this drama bullshit with you. You wanted me to tell you now instead of later. There you have it."

"Who is she?"

I hung up the phone, yes I'm a cold bastard, never said any different. No one questions me.

I never once lied to her, never led her on or made her believe that we would ever be anything more than what we had been.

The second my feelings changed I distanced myself. I just wanted to do things in a more humane way. Maybe I should've just ended it that first day when I realized where my thoughts were leading me.

This shit was going to turn over a whole lot of fucking apple carts, but I've never been one to let convention stand in my way.

She was a seventeen-year old girl I'm nine years older, that too was a small matter when weighed against what she could mean to me. I had a lot to think about but at least now one hurdle had been cleared. With Lynn out of the picture I was now free to make my move. I knew she would no longer be standing there across the street but I still headed for the window staring at the place I'd last seen her.

"I'm coming for you little one." The decision has been made, before long I will have her. Maybe then my heart will stop beating the hell out of my chest.

Ashley

Every day I wished to see him again the guy with the crazy hair but to no avail, only that one time and then nothing since then. He had the most beautiful eyes I'd ever seen; even from the distance I'd seen the lightness of them. I've dreamt of him every night since that first day. Just one glance and he had captured me. I walk slower when I reach the place where I'd got that first glimpse of him. My heart races every time as I wonder if today will be the day. I know it's just a silly little girl's dream, something that will never be, but it's the only light in my otherwise bleak world. I want to cry when I don't see him but I'm stronger than that so I hold back the tears. Maybe one day I'll see him from afar and I can relive the joy of the moment as I do now. I sometimes feel a prickling sensation just when I reach this very spot but I know I'm just being fanciful. Things like that don't happen in real life and they certainly don't happen to girls like me.

I pushed aside the wave of sadness that threatened to overpower me as I hurried my steps. Didn't want to be late getting to school, I didn't have a good enough excuse for my tardiness and that was an added headache I did not need. Besides I didn't want anything marring this one thing that was mine and mine alone. As long as it remained my secret no one could take it from me. The thought warmed my heart just a little, it was a poor substitute for the real thing but it was all I had and I will treasure it for as long as the memory stayed fresh.

Gideon

I'm watching my girl again, it's three days later. Things with Lynn have been squared away thank heaven.

We never lived together so there was no moving out to be done nothing to be hashed out and fought over. She'd tried that leaving stuff at my place shit more than once over the last two years but I always made sure she took them with her the next time she came over. She was never too happy about the situation but I never wanted that much of her. I'm not ashamed of what we had, I'm a man with needs and we both scratched an itch for each other when it suited both of us. I never used or abused her in anyway and had no need to feel guilt for breaking things off. It would've been more dishonorable to have had carried on dragged things out when in my heart I knew it was over.

Enough about her, I don't have to give her a second thought, now I can focus all my energy on my baby girl. I have to strategize and plan the way I do with everything, though this would be the first time I'd ever approached a woman in this way. I'm usually the hunted not the hunter but in this case I feel compelled almost to go after her. Because of her age I'm taking every precaution, if I have to approach her parents first that can be arranged and hopefully they didn't try to play hardball because the way I'm feeling there's nothing that will stand in my way. Our first meeting has to go off without a hitch I want it to be perfect. I have to learn all her habits so I would know where and when to make my approach. I hope it doesn't take too long for my team to find out what I need to know. Each day it gets harder and harder to hold off but I like to know all the players in the game. If her parents are going to prove difficult I have to know everything before going in.

My dick stays hard now just the thought of getting my hands on her is driving me insane.

I have one of my security team on her at all times now as well, while an investigator is gathering all the information he can. I should know by end of business today what moves I need to make thank fuck. It feels like forever since I'd first laid eyes on her. Since this heat in my body has been threatening to consume me. I should be annoyed that one little girl should have this strong an affect on me but somehow I'm not. In fact it's quite the opposite, I feel excited and energized. Like I'm about to embark on the greatest adventure of my life. The one thing that gives me pause is her age. Will she be closer to seventeen or eighteen?

I'm hoping for good news, I don't fancy ending up in a police blotter as a pedophile. I'm not sure I could touch her if she turned out to be sixteen, legal or not. Neither am I sure I could wait to take her if she turns out to be that young. Fuck!

She seems at a lost today as I watch from my window high above the city. It seemed as if she were looking for something or someone. I know she has no affiliations with anyone, according to my daily reports she lived a pretty sheltered life. She went to school and then home, but during the day when she was in class I had no way of knowing what went on behind those walls. So far there was nothing to suggest she was attached to anyone. It wouldn't be the easiest thing to break a teenaged girl's heart if she fancied herself in love with some boy, but I know myself, I will let nothing stand in my way.

There was a lot of planning to be done, according to what I find out today my life is about to change drastically. Like I said I'm not accustomed to being the hunter, never needed to be. And the fact that she was so young, well that changed things; there will have to be provisions made. I didn't want to cast her as just another one of my acquisitions, somehow I knew she would be more than that, how much more is left to be seen.

Gage has finally arrived with his news. I had him leave me the packet with everything he found on my desk. I wanted to peruse alone at my own leisure. My heart raced with excitement at what I would find there. It really didn't matter though. I'd already made up my mind even if I had to wait to have her under me I will take ownership very soon. There's no way I could wait another year or two to approach her.

I have no idea what my head of security thinks is the reason for my sudden interest in the life of a teenage girl. I'm not in the habit of explaining myself. Why would I? It's nobody's business; if he found my request strange he never let on though which is why he's in my employ. He just does his job without question, which for a man in my position is a great asset.

Alone in my office with my feet up I started to get to know my little Blossom.

Shit three months before she turns eighteen. Oh well, three months isn't that long, and it's only my moral compass that stops me from going full tilt ahead. I wonder though how mature she could be at her age?

If all I'd wanted were a quick fuck it wouldn't matter that she was three months short of eighteen. I would just go for it, slake my lust and be done, but I felt the need for something more.

My every instinct screamed at me to tread carefully. I always follow my instincts and that's why I am where I am at such a young age. Old money might have been my foundation, but what I did with what I had is what makes me a force to be reckoned with. Her father is a high-ranking cop in their small town on the outskirts of the city. I wonder why she was coming here for school then? They had to have a school where she lived.

I looked up the place on the web since I'd never had cause to go there before.

Damn one thousand people talk about small I employed ten times that many people all around the globe, maybe more.

"Ashley." I said it out loud for the first time and felt it burn my tongue as it went through me.

Even her name made me hard. I had to get myself together there were things I needed to do, things I needed to set in motion, like our first meeting. Though I might consider holding off on anything too physical for the next little while, there is no fucking way I'm waiting to meet her.

Tomorrow then, tomorrow I will approach her, set the groundwork. I studied the picture Gage had included. Damn she's beautiful. Something about her pulled at my protective instinct. Like I needed to grab her up and shield her from the rest of the big bad world. "Soon my little Blossom." I rubbed my finger over her face as her eyes stared back at me. I put her picture in my inside pocket as I set to work on my strategy.

Chapter 3

Gideon

Another day has gone by since I first laid eyes on her, I've finally decided on my point of attack.

I've learned through the daily reports of the men I have guarding her that she has a routine. Everyday on her lunch break she likes to sit alone under a tree a little off school grounds. Perfect, I'm not sure what the protocol is for strange men traipsing across schoolyards, but I'm pretty sure it can't be good.

I can't put it off any longer. I haven't slept in days, and work has lost its appeal. It's as if she's the sun in my dark dreary world. One I didn't realize was becoming dull and ascetic until seeing her across the way that day weeks ago. I've been living for those few glimpses of her in the mornings, like a lovesick puppy. Not a good look for a hard nosed business tycoon who rules everything around him. Today is the day; I can't believe I'm nervous. Fuck. I haven't been this nervous over a woman in....never.

I made sure to dress down today; by that I mean no suit and tie just a black button down, black slacks, shirt sleeves rolled to the elbows, first two buttons left undone. Casually relaxed without looking like a fucking perv. There wasn't a damn thing I could do about my hair, so why bother? Just a swift brush through that didn't do shit to keep it tamed. I studied myself in the mirror wondering who the fuck was this guy who was sweating at the thought of approaching a woman? Maybe the problem was that I hadn't once thought of her in the way I've thought of any female since I was seventeen. She wasn't just a hot piece of ass that I wanted to break a piece off of. Those I went after whole hog until jollies were had by all before both parties went their merry way. Except not to toot my own horn but in most cases they usually wanted the jolly to go on for much longer. That's how I came up with decision to have a long-term arrangement with Lynn I got tired of the drama that came with break ups.

Now this beauty did not fall into that category and it scares the shit out of me because it's unchartered water. Her age dictates that I as the adult handle everything with care. If I was going to do this, and I am, it has to be about her first all the way. I have no intentions on fucking up her life. Her report reads like an innocent's, I can't imagine her being worldly and sophisticated enough to take on a man like me. So you see my dilemma, for the first time in my life the great Gideon Thorpe cannot approach a woman with just fucking on his mind. I left the apartment and headed down to the garage where my car and driver awaited. It was only a few short minutes to the school but today I wouldn't walk it, today the business tycoon was going to impress his high school sweetheart. Fuck me.

I gave her five minutes to sit and get settled under her tree as I watched from the back of the limo.

She's just so fucking gorgeous, damn! The nervousness was finally gone thank heaven, and all that was left was an excitement I haven felt in way too long. That's more like it.

I left the confines of the car at a slow clip, hands in my pockets, relaxed. There were kids milling about but no one seemed to be paying too much attention, which made me wonder why my beautiful girl was sitting all alone in the first place? Something to think about later right now I had more important things on my mind.

I settled myself as I drew closer to her, willing my body to calm the fuck down. One look and my heart started beating the shit out of my chest. I schooled my face and tried for that relaxed thing again but inside I was a riot of emotions.

"Hello Ashley." I snuck up behind her and a little to the side so as not to scare her to death.

She gave a start anyway before turning to me. I felt that look in my gut, felt the electricity coarse through me and knew in that moment that my life will never be the same. How very fucking cliched.

Her first words to me were a bit puzzling, not what I expected at all and they threw me for a second.

"It's you." So breathlessly spoken.

"Excuse me?" I kept staring at her beauty, she really was an exceptionally beautiful girl.

"Nothing." She blushed and hung her head letting her hair fall forward to hide her cheeks.

"No, tell me, what did you mean?" I stepped in a little closer forgetting to be cautious and not scare her away.

"Nothing, just that...I saw you...before..." Could she be anymore fucking perfect? Her voice sounded like something out of a fucking fairytale. If I weren't standing in front of her I would swear she was someone's idea of a joke on me. It's like someone reached inside he darkest recesses of my mind and came up with my ideal of perfection. She had the face of a Botticelli angel. Beautiful flawless skin, and bright eyes that were wide and so fucking innocent they weren't to be believed. I didn't dare look at the rest of her right now who knows what the fuck stupid thing I would do? Like snatch her and run; there was a thought.

"You saw me? When?"

"You were getting out of your car I guess in front of the Thorpe Towers, it was a while ago."

She seemed embarrassed by her admission as she avoided my eyes; just look at me Blossom. I wanted to take her face in my hands and force her to keep those amazing eyes on mine. Too fast Gideon nice and easy she's skittish yet.

"And you saw me." It had to be the same day I'd seen her for the first time, what were the odds?

"I'm Gideon Thorpe." I held out my hand to take hers, soft and warm. I brushed my thumb slightly over the pulse in her wrist it matched mine. Like a runaway train, I have to get ahold of myself before I do something really stupid here. Everything inside me screamed to take her and get the fuck out of there but I couldn't. If this was going to be what I wanted it to be I had to be patient, I never hated that fucking word as much as I did at that moment.

She was a bit weary, which was to be expected after all I'm a total and complete stranger approaching her out of nowhere. "Ashley Sanders." She finally looked at me full on and my heart fucking kicked in my chest. Merciful fuck.

Her voice, that face, those fucking eyes and her mouth sweet fuck, she 's a fucking knock out, everything about her called to me. There was no way I wouldn't own her in this lifetime. If I'd had any doubts before this moment vanquished them all. There was no point in prolonging the inevitable so I decided then and there to do as I've always done. I'd been telling myself to go slow because of her age, to feel her out. I thought I could afford that patience but I see now that I was wrong. Up close she was perfection, like nothing I'd ever seen before. And that air of innocence only made things worse for her. Something about this girl spoke to the primal part of me. That thing that makes us human, makes us civilized had taken a backseat. All I wanted was to plunder. It's a strange fucking feeling for a guy who's usually the hunted.

"Do you know why I'm here Ashley?"

She shook her head no as where before I was silently begging her to look at me I wanted to beg her to look away, I was about to embarrass myself. Either that or kiss the fuck out of her which I'm sure would probably scare her half to death. "Let's just say I saw you one day and something about you captured my attention. I don't believe in beating around the bush. I had your background investigated, I know how old you are, I know your father is a cop in the little town where you two live. I know you don't have many extra curricular activities outside of school, though I don't know why seeing as you're a teenager. But most importantly, I know that I want you."

Her eyes widened as she looked around.

"You have nothing to fear from me, well not physically anyway. Very soon we'll sit down together and I'll lay out what's going to happen between us for you, just know for now, all I want is for us to get to know each other."

"Uhm, I don't know." She was understandably nervous, but even that seemed sweet and unassuming; again a quality I wasn't used to in the women I've dated in the past.

"That's okay, I just sprung it on you, but like I said, I don't believe in beating around the bush, but if you let me Ashley, I will make you a very happy woman."

"My dad...."

" Will be taken care of."

"What do you mean?" She seemed alarmed by my words.

"Nothing sinister I promise, just that I plan on approaching him soon."

"He'll never allow it." Did she seem a little saddened by that? Her voice had gone even softer if that were possible.

"He will". I'll make sure of it.

"How can you be sure?"

"Because I'll make it so. How about you Ashley, would you like to get to know me better?"

"I don't know." She bit her fucking lip and it took all my human strength not to take her right then and there in broad daylight. What the fuck was this kid doing to me? Who the fuck was she?

"Don't do that sweetheart." I reached out with my thumb and pulled her lip from between her teeth.

"Sorry." So shy, such a fucking turn on, I couldn't wait to have her, to make her mine in every way possible. It was going to be a delight to teach her to be just what I wanted her to be in bed and out.

"No, don't be sorry, just try not to do that unless we're alone together behind closed doors."

She looked up at that to find that I was very serious though I wasn't sure she quite got my meaning.

"Have you ever been in a relationship with a boy before Ashley?" I didn't even like asking that fucking question which made no sense whatsoever. That's it, I'd lost my fucking mind in the last month or so, it was the stress of high living and back to back business dealings.

"No I haven't." I actually breathed easier hearing that.

"Why not?"

She shrugged her shoulders and looked away.

"You're gorgeous Ashley, don't tell me no one has ever asked you out before."

"My dad doesn't think it's a good idea."

"I see." I'll have to get to the bottom of that later, for now I didn't see it as a problem, there wasn't anything I wouldn't overcome to have her.

"That's why I don't think you should tell him anything." Her voice was suddenly very earnest almost pleading. Huh is she implying what I think she is?

"You mean we should sneak around behind his back?"

She blushed again. "It might be better that way."

So she was interested, that's all I needed to know. Not that I wouldn't have talked her around otherwise, but this made things easier.

"No Ashley, there will be no sneaking around for us, everything we do will be open and honest. Have no fear little one, I'm sure your father will see things my way." Of course he will, I didn't plan on giving him a choice. I didn't get to where I am by taking no for an answer. Especially not when it came to something that I really wanted. I let nothing stand in my way. And Ashley is the one thing I've wanted this strongly in a long, long time.

I will have her by fair means or foul.

Chapter 4

I've chosen my timing for the best effect. I will not do this while she's in the house she's now become my first priority. Her young untouched heart mine to protect. There might be things said here that might cause hurt, also I do not wish for her to witness a certain...shall we say, less than exemplary side of me if it should arise.

Hopefully she'll never have to see that side ever but it certainly won't do to have her see me like that so early in out relationship.

I had my driver pull up to the house ten minutes after I'd been assured that she'd left for school. I knew her dad had about another half hour before he left for his shift at the station. This shouldn't take too long, even if the other man proved to be difficult. I made and broke deals in less time with worthier opponents. I had no doubt about the outcome of this little meeting. With the information I'd gathered the man would be an ass to fuck with me on this.

She has no idea that I was coming here today. I hadn't wanted her to worry herself over the outcome, and I also didn't want her to inadvertently warn her father of my approach, sometimes the element of surprise was your greatest weapon.

It had been two days since our first meeting, a meeting that had ended with me stealing a kiss. How could I resist? Could a dying man resist an oasis in the desert? She'd been just as sweet as I'd dreamt she would be and that little taste had just whetted my appetite for more. She was expectedly skittish in my arms but that just added to her appeal. I'd promised her after that first shared kiss that I'd be back for her and I aimed to keep that promise come hell or high water. No one, not even the top cop in some little town was going to stand in my way.

Her father answered the door on the second knock. He looked about the same as his picture, which I'd had my security snap while they were doing a background check in him. I liked knowing who I'm dealing with and since he was not only the law in this town, but the father of the young woman I meant to claim I needed to know as much as I possibly could. It's a good thing I had, but a picture was one thing, seeing the man in the flesh quite another. I called on all the etiquette-training mom had tried to drill into me as a youth not to do what I so badly wanted. I had to think of my little Blossom.

"Yes, can I help you?" Clifton Sanders was a forty five year old fit, attractive male who took good care of himself. All of that was obvious in my first cursory glance. He didn't look like the friendliest of people though if the look on his face was any indication. Before the day was over I was sure to put a frown on his already scowling face I was afraid.

"Mr. Sanders, the name's Gideon Thorpe, I'm here about a personal matter, would you mind if we took this inside?" He studied me from head to toe, taking in the expensive cut of my suit, the limo behind me and the two men standing guard at my side.

I'd chosen the limo today for just this purpose. I wanted to make a statement, that of power and utter control. It wasn't everyday I flexed my muscles but in this case there wasn't anything I wouldn't do to get my way. "I suppose come on in."

He led us to his living room and took a seat on the couch while pointing me to one of the two armchairs across from him. I ignored him and remained standing, first tenet of the top dog. Always hold the position of power. There was a huge portrait of who I assumed was Ashley's deceased mother over the fireplace mantle.

That more than anything in my reports told me about the man. It also helped me to understand a little better why he was raising his daughter the way he was. I felt the first niggling of anger hit my gut but held it at bay. It was never a good thing to jump the gun. Things could appear one way on paper and be entirely different in reality. This was a delicate situation so I thought it best to proceed with caution, feel him out so to speak. One wrong move on his part though and I'll show him just who the fuck he was dealing with. I came here with the words of the report fresh in my mind, but yet willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. So far I wasn't too impressed with what I'd seen.

"Before we begin let me just say that I have with me any documents you might need to verify anything I might say to you." I saw the confusion cross his face.

"You said this was personal?"

"Yes, I'll get to that. I think you should know I've had you investigated before coming here today. Both your personal and professional life, and though you may not know me, I am an honest, upstanding man of my word."

"I've heard of you, who in these parts haven't?" He leaned forward with a look of what the hell is this about on his face but I wasn't ready to give him anything quite yet.

"Good, I have a reputation in the business world that's quite separate from who I am as a man. I like to keep my personal life just that, personal."

"Well what is it that you think I can do for you Mr. Thorpe?"

"Gideon please, and it's quite simple. I want your daughter. No let me reiterate, I mean to have your daughter." Never beat around the bush, it's just a waste of fucking time.

His anger was instantaneous, and expected.

"Get the hell out of my house." He got to his feet in anger but that little show of aggression didn't phase me, I stood my ground and stared him down. "No."

"What?" He stumbled back as if I'd hit him. I could imagine a man in his position accustomed to giving orders and having them followed without question would have a hard time with the word. I wonder how often he'd let her say the word? The fuck.

"I came here in good faith when I really didn't need to, as a courtesy, out of...respect I guess you can say. But we both know that there was no need. Ashley is of age after all..."

"But she's still under my care."

"For now, yes, and if you handle this the right way, she just might remain there for a little while longer. But if you force my hand I'm afraid I will take her away from you completely."

"What he hell are you talking about?"

"It's quite simple, I want your daughter, I want to take care of her, and who knows, maybe this thing could last forever, as it stands I don't see my future without her in it. I can make her very happy in life. Or you can leave her to the wiles of some young buck who might use and discard her..."

"My daughter does not date." He was turning red with anger and it gave me pause. There was something more going on here than just a man concerned with the welfare of his young daughter and more than the initial report had intimated though what we'd found was fucked up enough. What that something was I'll have to wait until the more in depth report I'd ordered was in front of me. All I cared about right now was paving the way to her and my relationship.

"How long do you think that will last, hmm? Do you think to keep her under lock and key for the rest of her life? Is that what your dear wife would've wanted for her only daughter?"

"You know nothing of my wife."

"Bit of a free spirit our Dana wasn't she? Tell me, does your daughter know that you blame her for her mother's death?"

He turned white as a sheet and looked around the room as if seeking an escape.

"You can't, you don't..."

"What, I can't know that? But I do, like I said, I had you investigated, not just what you show the world, but what you do in secret. And yes I know about your secret rendezvous and what's said and done there." I smirked at him.

"You know what I see, I see a beautiful, vibrant Blossom that's being smothered to death by you because you can't get over the death of the woman you loved. But how much could you have really loved her if you seek to destroy her daughter's spirit? A daughter that by all accounts she loved dearly."

"I don't want to talk about this anymore." He paced away like a cornered rat.

"You don't have to, just listen. For the next three months I will court Ashley, I promise you that I will be a complete gentleman during that time. Nothing about her life needs change, except now I will be a big part of it. She will go to school as usual. On school nights I will have her home by ten, on the weekends, maybe midnight. She will no longer be taking the bus to and from school I will pick her up in the mornings and have her driven home in the afternoons if I'm too busy at work. Sometimes I will have her sit with me in my office after school, she can do her homework there." I let that settle in for a bit and when all he did was stared I carried on.

"That's about it for now."

"And if I don't agree?"

"Oh Cliff, you do not want to play hardball with me. There're so many things to choose from, where should I start? Should I start with the alienation of your daughter by letting her in on some of your more hostile feelings towards her? You really should be careful what you say when out drinking with the boys. Should I tell her of your plans for her when she finishes school? Looks like I came along just in time. On second thoughts, I don't think I can leave her here alone with you after all."

"Listen here you, if you..."

"I'm not interested in your threats Cliff, just know this. If you do anything to harm her, I will fucking bury you. I have some compassion for the lost of your wife, but your treatment of your daughter in the years following border on criminal. Your neighbors might see it as over protectiveness while I see it as fucking abuse, and of one who is so undeserving of such. You've stifled every impulse..."

"Why should she live and be happy when my Dana is gone because of her? Dana was sunshine and light and that fucking brat and her fucking whining robbed me of my life."

In that moment he came dangerously close to bleeding. I clenched my fists and prayed for patience. It wouldn't do to strangle my Blossom's one remaining parent in their living room the first time we met. The man had raised an amazing creature, how could he be such a dick?

"You really are pathetic, I came here hoping the reports were wrong for her sake, that there was some redeeming quality to be found, but you have none. Just remember what I said, mess with her, I'll mess with you. One more thing, when she asks you about this later you will give her your support one hundred percent or there will be hell to pay."

I turned for the door, I'd said all I came to say after-all and if I spent one more second in his presence I might knock his teeth down his neck. How could he look at that beautiful girl and see anything less than a gift? Whatever, his reign of terror was over. Whatever hell he'd put her through because of his misguided misplacement of guilt ends now. Come tomorrow one little girls' life was going to change drastically and all for the better. I couldn't wait to introduce her to my world, to watch her grow up and Blossom into the beautiful being I know she is.

Of course I'm going to keep an eye on her father, any man who could hold a grudge against an innocent child for so long couldn't be all there. I knew though that she loved him, it would be hard to get her to see what he really was without breaking her heart, which I am not going to do. Even if I have to protect her from the truth of what he is I will. As long as he doesn't fuck with me and mine.

Where I've learned that the first part of her existence was...less than pleasant, I planned to make sure she enjoyed all the good that my money could buy. Everything else I'd have to see to, and after meeting that man face to face I was sure it wouldn't be long before I found a way to get her out from under him. Stupid fuck, how could he not love my girl? His fucking loss I will make up for everything he denied her in life.

Outside on the sidewalk I inhaled some much needed fresh air. The man left a bad taste in my mouth. I couldn't imagine my girl dealing with that shit day in and day out.

I think maybe I'll pick her up from school, give her the good news. Maybe I'll start taking her to my office after school starting today. Why wait? I looked back at the little house she shared with that ogre and was suddenly struck by a thought. Since meeting my Blossom I've been acting totally out of the ordinary, what was one more thing?

I picked up my car phone as soon as I was seated. "Agnes please, it's Gideon Thorpe."

"Gideon so nice to hear from you, what can I do for you?"

"I need to look at mansions sometime today."

Chapter 5

Gideon

I spent the better part of the morning looking at homes with Ashley in mind. That meeting with her father had done more than left a bad taste in my mouth, it had left me feeling unsettled like there was something I was missing. It was one thing to get reports and guess at what they meant behind the scenes and quite another to see the reality first hand. I didn't know exactly what the fuck I had walked into here but my gut was telling me to get my shit together. I'm a very possessive beast by nature and in all my dealings, all my acquisitions to date, none had ever come close to her. In one moment I had seen her and been ensnared now she consumes my every fucking thought. She's little more than a baby and she had that kind of power over one of the most powerful men in the city. Life truly is stranger than fiction.

This was a delicate situation no doubt. I will have to tread carefully but some way some how I was getting her away from him. It was by the third house viewing that I had the idea that maybe I should bring my Blossom along with me on this house hunt. It was for her after all and she should have some say, in fact she should have all the say. I'd gotten the feeling from her cold fish of a dad that she didn't have much of a say in anything in her life so far. All of that was about to change.

"Listen Agnes I think I might've jumped the gun on this one." Ever the professional she didn't bat a lash at the thought of losing a sale. Though I'm sure as a businessman who understands that time is money the prospect of losing such a lucrative deal after spending hours going from place to place couldn't be too palatable. "There's someone else who needs to be here, I've seen some places that I really like but I think we'll reschedule for a time when she can be here to make the final choice."

"Of course Mr. Thorpe I understand; and will you be needing me to reschedule or will you choose a time and place?" We headed back to our cars while I looked back over my shoulder at this last place, not bad, not bad at all. I could see her in a place like this. "Why don't I give you a call when it's convenient?" She nodded her assent and I split off and headed for the limo to head back to the office. I had a lot of work on my desk to take care of, some of it I'd left unattended because I'd been too preoccupied. Now that I'd start the ball rolling I could relax and breathe a little easier. Soon I will start my courtship, fuck I've never courted anyone in my life. Too fucking jaded even at a young age. I'm sure I'd figure it out. With her it seems all I have to do is go with the gut. And my gut was telling me to spoil the fuck out of her.

At lunchtime I made my excuses and headed for her tree, today I will be bringing her lunch.

I didn't even want to think about why she hadn't been eating anything the last time I saw her. If I found out his neglect went farther than just being careless with her feelings, like he was abusing her in any way, I will put a fucking hurting on him the likes of which this town has never seen. I clenched my fists at the thought of her being hurt. Put it away Gideon don't go borrowing trouble.

I watched her for a few seconds before exiting the car, so beautiful, so innocent. It was amazing that she could be this, after dealing with what she must've been dealing with behind closed doors her whole life.

She looked around as if sensing my eyes on her and it made me smile. Yes, I wanted her as attuned to me as I was becoming to her.

I climbed out of the car after telling my driver to stay seated. In my hands were her lunch and a bunch of flowers. They were a chaotic blend of beauty in shapes and color that reminded me of her. No boring roses for my girl, they weren't exotic enough, her lips alone called for more.

"Gideon..."

She jumped off the table where she'd been sitting reading one of her classics and ran to me. She did this as if she had been doing it for a long time, so natural. On her face was the widest, brightest smile and it went right through me. Damn she packed a punch.

I caught her to me and kissed her brow while running my hand softly through her hair.

"Hello beautiful, I've come to share lunch with you."

She blushed; I wasn't sure if it was because of my attention, or because I had figured out that her piece of shit father hadn't sent her to school with lunch or any way to get something to eat.

I let it go for now, there will be plenty of time for that later right now I wanted my complete focus on her. I wanted to see her smile again. Her face does amazing things when she smiles, not to mention what it does to me.

I'd gotten us Caesar salads with grilled salmon, fresh fruit salad and water to drink.

I watched to make sure she was eating before I began to tell her of my morning's activities.

"I saw your father today."

I kept my eyes on her watching closely for her reaction. Was the fear that entered her eyes the normal fear any teenaged girl would have in this situation, or was it something more?

Tread carefully Gideon, do not push, not yet, no matter what has come before, you're here now, just see to it that her life is better for having you in it. I had to repeat that shit to myself when the fear on her face grew palpable.

"What happened?" Her voice was so soft, so...fearful, one day soon I will take that all away.

"He gave us his blessing."

I saw the disbelief in her eyes when she finally picked her head up to look at me. Fear mixed with hope, a sad combination in one so young. She made me want to weep. What is this? Was she my penance? How could she make me feel when I never had before? Why her, why now? This whole situation felt beyond my control, which was never a favorite of mine.

"He...Are you sure?" For fuck sake Gideon you can't pick her up and sit her on your lap with a schoolyard full of teens walking around. They're probably wondering who the fuck you are in the first place, no need to make a spectacle of yourself and her. But that hopeful sadness in her voice pierced me to the quick.

"One hundred percent, in fact I'm picking you up from school this evening and you're going to spend some time with me before I take you home later. Would you like that?"

"Oh yes please."

So innocently eager to be with me; please don't let me fuck this up.

"Go ahead, finish your lunch Blossom, we'll talk later. Just know that your dad knows about us, and although he was a little worried in the beginning, I guess that had more to do with my age than anything. He came around in end though, you can call him and check if you'd like."

I held out my phone to her but she refused.

"I believe you."

Now she's back to blushing and ducking her head. I lifted her head with a finger under her chin.

"Why so shy?"

She just shook her head and blushed even harder. I wanted to kiss that amazing mouth of hers, but not here. Too many prying eyes, last time I'd forgotten myself not today. There will be plenty of time for that later, I'll make sure of it.

When lunch was over I had her stand in front of me so we could talk. It was almost time for her to return to classes but there was one more thing before I let her go.

"Look at me little Blossom."

She looked up at me, so fucking beautiful, damn. Will I ever get used to it? I hope not, I hope I never lose this feeling of awe whenever I look at her.

"I need to know, need to hear you say it, do you want this, with me?"

She bit into her lip in that way that was bound to make me crazy before long, before nodding her head.

"No baby, say it."

"Yes, I want...this with you..." Done deal, the last hurdle crossed. Now I can forge full steam ahead.

"Good, now is there anything you need before I leave you? I'll be back to get you later, should I meet you here?"

"Here's fine, and no, I don't need anything, just..."

"Just what baby?"

"Don't hurt me."

Fuck, those words in that soft, hesitant almost tearful voice was my undoing. How could someone hurt such a thing of beauty?

"Come here Ashley."

She came to me without hesitation, head down looking at her feet. I wonder if I should work on that or if that was a big part of her appeal? I didn't want her to be this way with anyone else though. As my woman she would be queen of the fucking city. I didn't want her being shy and meek with anyone else. The sharks I swam with would see that as a weakness and go for the jugular. Then I'd have to get blood on my hands and that's never good. There you go again getting ahead of yourself Gideon. You've lost all sense of propriety and what little bit of civility you had seems to have disappeared entirely. Well that's what happens when a lion has to protect his mate. I imagine that's exactly how the king of beast feels.

"Look at me, you have nothing to fear from me, I will never hurt you, not in any way, and from now on no one else ever will."

She swallowed deeply and I knew what she was thinking. Okay then Gloves off, begin as you mean to go on. I didn't plan on keeping anything from her, and ain't that a kick in the head? Me Mr. Tight-lipped Thorpe wanted to be transparent.

"I know...do you understand?" I spoke the words softly trying to take some of the sting from them. I didn't want to embarrass her after all, far from it.

She'd looked into my eyes fearfully when I said I know. She knew what I meant it was evident by the sudden tears that sprang to her eyes. Fucking bastard, I should just make him pay for the hell of it. As it stood I'm tempted to go back on my word for the first time in my life.

I don't think I will be leaving her in his house after all.

Chapter 6

Gideon

I spent the time between leaving her and the end of the school day pondering my next move. If I'd thought for one second that she was ignorant to her father's true feelings towards her I would be able to leave her there, but the knowledge in her eyes was my deciding factor.

It felt as if I was walking a minefield, I knew without a doubt that my Blossom would be the kind of girl who wanted the love of her father. She wouldn't want to just walk away from him and everything she'd known; so how do I come between the two of them without losing her in the process? How do I get her to see the danger without becoming the enemy in her eyes?

I'd started out wanting her body yes; it was her beauty after all that had first captivated me. But there was something else there. That softness of hers was drawing me in, that sweet air of vulnerability had me wanting to wrap her up and keep her safe for always. This was more than lust this was so much more than anything I'd ever done before. I'd never once wanted to protect, to own to consume. Everything about her just made me want to be everything she could ever want. Fuck I'm in trouble here.

She wasn't something you possessed for a time she was a treasure you cherished for a lifetime. That much I knew and I was determined to be the one to do it. No one else will ever tap into all that sweetness. I'd kill the motherfucker who tried.

Her youth gave me pause but only for a moment, it's my intentions that should bear scrutiny. If I meant to go forward with this, it must be more than a momentary fling, it must be...forever.

Could I do forever? Forever is a long fucking time, I've never wanted forever before. Somehow with my Blossom I think I could do two lifetimes and still not have enough. So yes, the answer is yes, I most certainly can do forever. I could feel the lock click into place as I got ready to say goodbye to my freedom. Somehow I always thought there would be panic and fear associated with that thought but, nothing. I felt nothing but excitement at what was to come.

That was one burden lifted, now to the other.

By the time I was waiting outside the school for her I had a course of action in mind.

I had already called her dad to say that I will be keeping her after school before returning her to him after dinner. To say he was displeased would be putting it mildly but I could care less, he was lucky he was seeing her again at all; the dumb fuck. I'd hung up on him when he started his bullshit, there was nothing he could do or say to stop this. If he knew what was going through my mind he'd shut the fuck up or find a hole to hide in.

I'd made up my mind how I wanted to do this now all that was left was for me to work on getting her use to the idea of living with me permanently. How would she react to such a thing? The interest was there yes, but having lived such a sheltered life, having only known me for a handful of days how would she react? Fuck Gideon since when do you think like this? She's the most important thing in your fucking life you've gone after lesser things with more fire don't punk the fuck out. Just do what you always do, take shit.

I had no doubt I could possibly force the issue in a roundabout way, but I needed her to want it, to want me, to want us. She's not a business acquisition I can't approach this situation the way I did everything else. And that was my fucking problem and what about her? This was still so new to her. I've had weeks to deal with my obsession she's had days. But something inside me screamed that I had to move and move fast. There was something way the fuck off about Clifton Sanders and waiting for the report to be completed was gonna drive me nuts.

The thought of him hurting her in any way destroyed me. How could anyone seek to crush a Blossom? How could her beauty, both inner and outer, not sway him? Was the man fucking blind, or was his hatred of his own daughter so deep he couldn't see reason? I was afraid the latter would prove true, and it was that fear that had knots in the pit of my stomach. By coming on the scene the way I had, I had escalated something, how would he react? How would he handle my existence in her life? And if he couldn't will she pay the price?

I saw her as I waited in the back of the car. Rolling the window down I beckoned to her as she drew nearer.

That smile, only for me, always for me, I will make it so.

The driver got out and let her in as some curious onlookers tried to get a glimpse of me. She was in and in my arms in seconds. I couldn't resist; all day she had plagued me, I had hardly looked at the spreadsheets still covering my desk, my only thoughts were of her, and us, and our life together.

"Gideon, you came."

"I said I would." I smiled at her exuberance as I kissed her forehead. As she pulled her head back to look at me I noticed her lips were a bit chapped. "Where's your lip balm sweetheart?" I ran my thumb gently over her lower lip. She hung her head and blushed, why would such an innocent question cause such a reaction unless, shit...

"Blossom, I'm not insulting you sweetheart, I just wondered..."

"No, no, no, it's not that, it's just that...my dad doesn't like it." She wrung her hands together while looking down at her lap, so she didn't see the frown that crossed my face.

"What do you mean? Doesn't like what?"

"He doesn't like me to wear lip balm or things like that?"

"Why ever not?" This wasn't making any sense to me at all it was such a little thing after all. I thought all teenaged girls were into that silly stuff.

And then I remembered my reports, she didn't have any friends, so she didn't do the teenage girl thing. For some reason that made me sad. Cliff Sanders was a total fuck, he meant to rob her of everything that was good in life, meant to put out any light or joy she could find in the already mundane world he had made her life into. We'll just see about that, cock-sucking bastard.

I kept a mile on my face so she wouldn't guess at my intentions, or of the rage that was beginning to boil inside me. I rolled down the window between us and the driver.

"Change of plans instead of taking us straight to the office we need to swing by the shopping district."

"Yes sir." I rolled the window back up before turning to her.

"How would you like to go shopping with me?" She looked down at her uniform.

"Don't worry about that, your dad already knows that you're with me, you don't need to be home until after dinner."

"I still don't understand how you got my dad to agree to this..."

"That's not for you to worry about, just know that when you're with me we can do anything you like, like go shopping for lip balm and anything else your little heart desires.

"Really...that's...oh no wait, I can't..." She was back to gnawing at her lip and I subconsciously pulled it out from between her teeth with my thumb.

"Why not?"

"Because then you might think that's the only reason I like you."

So shy and so fucking innocent; I wish to always keep her this way, I'll do everything in my power to make sure she stays this way for as long as possible. Which meant getting her away from my new number one enemy before he had more of a chance to fuck her over.

"Don't worry about such things Ashley, I want to take you shopping, I want you to have all the things you've ever wanted but could never have."

"Really, but why?"

"Simply because I want you to, for instance, do you have a cell phone?"

She shook her head no while pulling at the hem of her skirt. Let me guess dear old dad didn't like that either. Well fuck him, from now on I will see to it that she had all the things a young girl could need or want. Cliffy boy could roast on a spit in hell for all I cared, fucking bastard.

"Well then, that will be our first stop, how am I supposed to keep in touch with my best girl if I can't even call her huh?" I tried to make light of the situation, but she knew that I knew about her personal hell.

Hopefully I can use this to get her away from that despot.

I took her to the mall and directly to the apple store where I proceeded to spoil her. I tried to fix seventeen years of neglect in one afternoon, an impossible feat, yes I know, but I will never stop trying.

"Gideon, this is too much."

She tried to protest when I got her a new phone an iPad and a Mac. I knew part of her reluctance was due to her father's reaction, but I was on top of it, in fact I almost wanted him to react to it; that would give me an excuse. Any wrong move on his part going forward was all the excuse I will need to remove her from under his care and there wasn't a damn thing he could do about it, by law she was old enough it was only her attachment to him that was keeping me from making my move.

Hmm, that's food for thought, a bit drastic Thorpe, but if he forced my hand I would do it.

But do you really want to pick up that gauntlet? Get embroiled in some sort of tug of war over a girl you'd just met? For her, I'd risk it, I'm beginning to think there isn't much I wouldn't risk for her, to see her this happy always.

From there I dragged her off to a clothing store, her eyes opened and she acted like just what she was, a young girl. I still had to force her to try on things and then to let me buy them for her.

"Uh, maybe I should leave this stuff at your place?"

"Why would you do that? Your phone and new computers are for you to use, especially to call me." I nudged her before hugging her under my arm. We were attracting a lot of attention, I'm sure people were trying to figure out the relationship between the twenty something guy and the much younger school girl, still in uniform no less.

I could care less but I didn't want my Blossom feeling uncomfortable, though she didn't seem to notice the attention thank God, that's just one more thing to make her feel self conscious.

"I'm not sure..."

"You're worrying about your dad again, I told you everything's going to be okay, nothing for you to worry about."

I was gonna make sure I had eyes and ears on the Sanders residence for as long as she remained there so there was no need for her to worry.

We finished up with all those little necessities every girl should have, perfume, lipstick, lip gloss, of course she had to choose cherry which meant I couldn't wait to kiss it off her lips.

We were loaded down with bags of which half were for the condo. There were things bought specifically for there, like her new silk robe for relaxing evenings when she stayed over, her favorite shampoo and body creams which she'd always liked but never bought. I got her two of everything, one for home and one for my place.

She didn't have to tell me anything for me to know the asshole never gave her any spending money, the more I learned, the harder it was for me to think about letting her go back to him.

Dinner was a simple affair in a little bistro that I liked. I ordered her the leek and potato soup as a starter followed by poached salmon in hollandaise sauce with asparagus and new potatoes.

She was such a delight to spoil, I found myself looking forward to things that I had never paid much attention to in the past. Like the upcoming holidays, not to mention her birthday which would be in a few short months.

I smiled at the thought.

"What? What are you smiling about?"

That's my little girl, so attentive to my every action.

My smile grew wider. "I'm imagining spoiling my best girl for the holidays."

"Who me?"

She blushed with a look of uncertainty on her face. My poor baby, so unaccustomed to attention, I felt my hands clench into fists. I refuse to let thoughts of her father and what I would like to do to him intrude on our time any more this evening.

My only thought from now on would be of her, of making her life something beautiful.

It was pure torture taking her home after all that. I had stolen more than a few kisses in the back of the car. Like now, we were almost to her house and I had her on my lap as I taught her how to kiss me the way I liked, with lots of tongue and playfulness.

"Give me your tongue."

She obeyed hurriedly and I took her tongue into my mouth. She'd put on her new lip-gloss, I knew it would torment me, she tasted like innocence and sin.

I wanted to plunder and devour but reminded myself of my promise. Not until after her birthday, Damn I hope I can last that long. She drew forth such strong emotion in me I wondered how I would keep myself in check when already I wanted her so badly it was like a gnawing pain in my gut that would not be assuaged until I had her for the first time, and perhaps not even then.

"Sir we're here."

Dammit, not enough time, never enough time. I held her away from me holding her little face in my hands.

"You call me if you need me do you hear me Ashley?" Fuck I don't want to leave her. Beg me to take you home with me baby, just say the fucking words.

She looked at me questioningly, with a light frown until she got my meaning.

I saw shame and embarrassment cloud her face and wanted to walk into that house and beat the shit out if him, soon. That's another promise to myself he'll pay, not only for what he had done to her all her life, but also for what he'd intended.

Chapter 7

It was with a heavy heart that I left her there. I'm not usually one to go against my instincts, and it bothered the hell out of me, that now, when it was most important, I had no choice but I couldn't just remove a seventeen year old girl from her fathers' house on a whim. He was the only family she had and she had no idea what he really felt about her, well maybe a little bit but I don't think my baby really understood all that was at play here. What child can accept that he or she isn't loved unconditionally by their own parent?

I will eventually have to tell her these things but our relationship was too new. For all that the attraction between us was very strong I'm still relatively a stranger to her. This was the man who'd been the only constant in her life, and no matter his treatment of her, I was sure my Blossom had strong feelings for him, it's just who she is.

Back at my place I paced the floor in worry while sipping a snifter of cognac. I found myself checking my phone every five minutes to see if she'd called and I somehow missed it. I had eyes and ears on the house so that gave me a peace of mind but still every second that she was in his presence was like torture. I wanted to just go over there and take her, bring her home. But I was afraid of alienating her; what if she blamed me?

I need for our relationship as unconventional as it already is to go smoothly, that wouldn't happen if I acted on the caveman mentality that she seems to draw forth from me. Being with her this afternoon had only solidified my feelings, that this was right, that we were right society be damned. I will let nothing and no one stand in my way, least of all her bastard of a father.

I hate the position I must take, knowing what I know about him and about his plans for her future. I hope he took my threats seriously, because I would have no problem destroying him if he harmed one hair on her fucking head. As for his sick twisted plans against his own flesh and blood, I could only be thankful that I came along when I did.

The mere thought of it was sickening to think that anyone could think to do such a thing to their own flesh and blood was beyond the realm of human decency.

I have to stop thinking of these things, for now anyway, otherwise my well laid out plans would go up in smoke. I have to tread very carefully. When she does eventually come to be with me here, or in our new home, which I'm hoping she would help me pick out sometime in the near future, I want it to be a happy occasion, and not because I had to drag her from the clutches of her deranged father.

I tried losing myself in work, the work I had put aside to take her shopping today. She was such a delight, found such pleasure in the littlest things. I wouldn't let my mind go to the fact that she was this way because Cliff Sanders had deprived her for so long, when I think of her being a small child at his mercy my stomach hurts.

Fuck, I can't do this. She'll just have to be mad at me for a while, the more I think of it the more I feel like an unfeeling cad for leaving her there. I was hounded by an unsettling feeling in the pit of my gut, had been fighting it ever since I drove away and left her there. Please don't let her hate me for what I'm about to do. "I'm coming Blossom, for better or worse you're mine now and I take care of my own."

I was pulling on my jacket when my phone finally rang, without even looking I knew what it was, my heart raced and my blood ran cold. "Thorpe."

"Ah sir, there seems to be some sort of altercation taking place in the residence should we intervene?"

"Yes, subdue and contain, I'm on my way." This is your fault Gideon, you knew what type of man this was and still you let her go there, how could you? I will have to beat myself up later right now my only thought was getting to her. I didn't call my driver, I took the Aston out myself I needed speed.

I reached the house in less than fifteen minutes, as I walked up to the door I could hear her father railing against my men. I kicked in the door and walked in on my worst fucking nightmare.

One of my guards had the asshole sequestered in a corner of the room while the other sat on the stairs with a crying Ashley. Without uttering a word I walked over to the stairs and picked her up. Her little body was trembling uncontrollably and I wanted to commit murder. I had to shake the blood from my eye before I could see to her. I took deep calming breaths so I wouldn't scare her anymore than she already was before kneeling at her feet and drawing her into my arms.

I checked her over for any sign of physical harm but there was none evident. I took a sigh of relief at least she'd been spared that, I hoped.

"What happened here Ashley?" I kept my voice level though the rage threatened to choke the fuck out of me. I can't end her father in front of her. That's what I kept repeating to myself as I awaited her answer.

She was crying too hard to answer so I turned to my men, they would've everything that went on inside the house. "What happened?"

"We heard breaking glass and screaming then crying, we weren't sure what was going on so we called you."

"Thanks guys! Did you hit her?" I looked at the man whose neck I imagined wringing.

"I didn't touch the little bitch."

I made to step towards him until I remembered I was holding her in my arms. She cringed at his outburst and I drew her closer to my chest as if to shield her from his words. How many times had he called her that and worst? The stupid fuck; not now Gideon, take care of Blossom first, deal with him later.

Without another word I turned and walked up the stairs with her still clutching me as if afraid I will leave her. Never a fucking again, at least I had the asshole to thank for giving me this golden opportunity. I kissed her brow and gently passed my lips across hers. "Which room is yours baby?"

I spoke softly as if to a child, she had yet to say a word and I had no idea of the extent of his latest attack and how traumatized she might be.

She pointed out her room to me and then buried her face in my neck. It's when I opened the door that I saw the destruction. Everything I'd bought her had been either broken or torn to shreds. This too was my fault, she'd tried to warn me, but I stupidly believed that my threats would keep him in check.

It seems his hatred of her far outweighed his fear of me, or my retribution. I turned and left the room with her still in my arms. She won't be needing anything here after today.

Downstairs my man was still standing guard over him, I wanted to plow my fist in his face but that would mean putting her down which I wasn't ready to do.

I sufficed myself with giving him a glare, in that look I told him everything he needed to know. His tyranny of her was at an end, now mine of him will begin.

"Leave him." I walked out of there and to my car, my men followed behind after I had secured her in the front seat. The piece a shit came outside but kept his silence, wouldn't want the neighbors to hear what was going on. I could care less about his reputation, but her I will protect, his time will come. It burned a hole in my gut not to put a bullet in him right then and there but she came first. I had to get her the fuck out of there and to safety, only then will I think of what to do with him. I could give my men the order to take care of him but this was personal. He'd fucked with mine after I'd warned him, that's an affront, an insult that will not and cannot go unanswered.

I didn't look back at him as we drove away, just took her hand in mine, kissed her palm, and took her home.

She curled into a ball in the front seat of my car, not saying a word just crying her heart out. I thought of settling her down at home and going back there to beat the crap out of him. I don't remember ever feeling such violence against another person in my life and I've done some violent shit.

When we reached my place I faced a moral dilemma, a first for me. Should I lead her to the guest room or have her stay with me? I had no intentions of touching her, not yet, but I didn't want her to spend the night alone, not feeling the way she was.

I parked in the underground garage and came around to let her out, she climbed into my arms like a child; broke my fucking heart. How could anyone hurt such a sweet, loving heart as hers? The tears were finally gone but she was still sniffling as she once again buried her face in my neck.

I used the card to access my private elevator thankful that I had privacy. I tried putting her down but she just clung tighter and made a distressed sound. "Ssh, ssh, it's okay baby, I've got you."

I kissed her brow as the elevator climbed to the penthouse, since she refused to release me I guess I had my answer. She didn't want to be alone.

I walked to the master suite and placed her gently on the bed. She was already in her pajamas and all she had on her feet were socks so I just placed her under the covers.

"Look at me baby." I pushed her hair back from her face so I could look into her eyes. Her beautiful eyes that were now red from too much crying.

"You want to tell me what happened sweetheart?"

She shook her head and buried her face in the pillow. There was no need to push, I'm sure my guys had a recording of what had gone on in there, I just wanted her to talk.

"Okay, we'll talk about it tomorrow when you're ready." I took some time to formulate my next words in my head. This was it the point of no return and I knew that no matter what she was staying with me. I just hope she wanted that too, it would be fucked to start our new life together on a bad note, but there's no way I would ever let her go near him again.

"Do you know what's going to happen next Ashley?"

She turned over and looked at me, her eyes puffy and red, she looked like a lost little girl, and I could kick my ass for putting her in this position, for not following my gut the one time it counted the most. I was so cocky, so sure of myself that I had foolishly put her in danger, now I will have to fix things.

"You're going to stay here with me."

"For tonight?" Her voice was so sad and so unsure, how will I ever indo the damage he'd done to my sweet girl? Killing him won't fix that. It sure the fuck would make me feel a fuck of a lot better though.

"I was thinking more like...forever, if that's what you want." No matter what she says she's not going back.

"But what about my dad, isn't he going to make trouble for you? I don't want you to get hurt because of me." She seemed afraid all of a sudden, holding onto me even tighter. What the fuck?

"Hurt how baby?" What the fuck had he said to her?

"Just be careful okay, don't go see my dad anymore, and if it's okay I want to stay here with you, but how?" Her words were all rushed and jumbled together but I got what I wanted. I'll deal with her fears later, I'm not afraid of that fuck but I guess for her he was the scariest thing she knew. Fucking monster.

"Don't worry about it I'll take care of everything."

I stayed with her holding her hand and playing in her hair until she fell asleep with tear tracks on her face. This one was on me, but Cliff Sanders was still going to pay for making her cry.

I held her onto her a little longer before kissing her lips softly and leaving the room.

"Sam, I want those tapes before you call it a night." I kept my voice low in case she awakened and came looking for me.

"Sure thing sir uh, I think you should know he called in reinforcements. I don't think he's aware that we have ears on him. I'm not sure how he thinks we came to be here, but so far he's still speaking freely. Should I leave Bruce here or should we call it a night?"

"I got what I wanted out of there for now you can bring in the Intel in and call it a night."

I hung up the phone, reinforcements huh, probably his partner in crime Stark. Good, I hope they talked very freely then I could kill two birds with one stone.

I walked back to the bedroom to check that she was okay; she was sleeping peacefully curled up on her side. I kissed her brow and pulled the covers higher up around her shoulders and stood over her just looking at her. I can't believe she was really here, even with the events of the last few hours it seemed unbelievable that she could really be mine. If I stopped to think about it I'd probably think I'd lost my damn mind. I shook my head even as the smile broke out across my face. Whatever had brought us here to this moment she was mine, this beautiful unbelievable creature was truly mine. "I'm going to make you so fucking happy Blossom, see if I don't."

Tomorrow her life with me begins. He might've destroyed those few paltry gifts but I will replace them and more. From now on she would have everything her heart desires, everything he'd denied her her whole life I will see that she gets. But most importantly I will show her that she was worth a hell of a lot more than he had planned to sell her for.

Chapter 8

Gideon

I prowled the living room when I wasn't checking in on her, those little whimpering noises she made in her throat made me want to go tear him limb from limb. But that was too easy when I hit him I'm going to hit him hard and with longer repercussions. As much as I'd like to kill the fuck he was still her father so my hands were somewhat tied.

I had the tapes from tonight in my possession but I haven't listened to them as yet because I don't want any interruptions when I finally do listen to them. She might need me and I didn't want to there to be a chance that she'd come looking for me and overhear them. I can't go to sleep because I have to keep an eye on her I think she's fucking traumatized. Not to mention the fact that I'm too fucking fired up to even think about sleep. I have to get my head straight so I can decide what my next play's gonna be. He obviously didn't believe me when I said I'd hurt him if he fucked with her so now I have to send his stupid ass a message, one that he won't misinterpret and won't soon forget.

Then there's her state of mind. I have her here now but what about in a couple days when things have calmed down? Will she want to return to him? It wasn't going to happen, no matter what she wasn't going back, ever, but would she want to?

I wasn't worried about school, getting her paperwork was no problem, and I'd already put a man there to keep an eye on her, though her father would still have access to her being her guardian of note.

That thought struck me again, the one about marrying her to get her out from under his thumb, but was I ready for that, and more importantly, was she?

It would be child's play to get a protection order against him, I had the necessary contacts to pull that off, but then she would have to deal with the signing and all that and I didn't want her going through any more than she already had. I ran through everything I could think of to protect her keep her safe. The one sure thing I kept coming back to was to keep her with me at all cost. It was the only way I could see where I could be sure that nothing else befell her.

I headed back to the bedroom and watched her as she slept, so beautiful, so peaceful, and so young.

What the fuck are you doing Thorpe? Have you lost your mind?

I'd taken one look at this girl and set out to own her. I hadn't stopped to think, I just saw her, wanted her, and went after her. Had I known the baggage she came with would I still have pursued her? Fuck yes, only I wouldn't have waited so long. My waiting could've cost me her and that thought scared the fuck out of me. That she could've been lost to me before I'd ever had the chance to know just how fucking prefect she is.

I put any lingering doubts aside as I climbed onto the bed with her. Combing her hair behind her ear with my fingers I drew her head onto my chest.

She sighed and cuddled closer, sighing my name in her sleep. That right there was enough to tell me that I'd done the right thing, that come what may, I will keep her with me, and that no one would ever hurt her again.

I had one of the best night's sleeps since I was a kid. The weight of her on my chest felt like she belonged there and when I kissed her brow gently it felt like the most natural thing in the world. I laid still breathing her in, enjoying the feel of her against me, willing myself not to turn her on her back and fuck her the way I imagined doing since the first day I laid eyes on her. Not yet, she was in no way ready for me, I have to ease her into that side of things. Didn't want to scare her by moving too fast, besides I wanted to court her, and ain't that a kick in the fucking balls? Think of something else quick Thorpe before you fuck this up.

I wondered if I should keep her home just for today, maybe her father would try something stupid since he'd proven that he had no sense. He couldn't possibly if he'd decided to take me on. Then again he couldn't have known I would find out, he had her terrified of him so he wouldn't expect her to tell me what he'd done. She has been hiding the shit her whole life after all. Who knows what the fuck else he would've done if my men weren't there to stop him? Okay I need to get up, I was either gonna try to fuck her or lose my shit thinking about that dumb fuck. She wasn't ready for either show.

I looked over at the bedside clock it was six o'clock. Damn I haven't slept this late since I started the business, looks like my Blossom was good for me in more ways than one.

I eased out from under her still not sure if I should wake her or not. She needed her school things shit, I hadn't thought of anything else but getting her out of there last night. What the fuck!

No problem, I needed to see one Cliffy Sanders alone anyway, I didn't need to hear the tapes for that he'd done plenty already.

I couldn't just leave without her knowing though so I had to wake her after all. She would freak if she knew where I was going so I wouldn't tell her, just make some shit up if it came to that.

"Blossom, wake up...come on baby open your eyes." I kissed her temple as I ran my hand through her hair and hugged her close. The feel of her warm soft body was a temptation that I fought to ignore, only a bastard would take advantage of her in this state.

"Gideon..." She reached her arms around my neck pulling me closer. The move was both innocent and seductive in turns. I gritted my teeth as her plump breast pressed into my chest.

Seventeen Thorpe, you have to wait, you have to wait. Just one kiss, if I burn in hell so be it.

I covered her mouth with mine as she came awake her eyes widened in surprise before she settled and returned my kiss.

My baby isn't a kisser even there she was mine, untouched. Fuck yeah. It's going to be a joy to introduce her to the delights of the flesh, but not now, though my body had other ideas.

I pulled tenderly away so I could look into her eyes. "Do you want to stay home today or go in to school?"

"I can't, I have tests all morning, but today's a half day, so I get to come home early..." She trailed off and twisted the covers in her hands as she looked down, I could see a blush tinting her cheek.

"What is it Ashley, what's on your mind?"

She peeked at me from under her lashes as she bit her lip. Damn morning trifecta, if she woke up like this every morning I was in serious trouble for the next few months. I'm already sporting a massive hard on which I was fighting to keep hidden from her, but if she kept biting her lip like that...

I pulled the offending flesh from between her teeth and lifted her chin with my finger.

"Tell me."

"Is this...home?"

Her voice was so small I barely made out the words but the look of fear in her eyes told me I had heard correctly.

"Yes it is, well one of them, but that's something we'll talk about later. Are you going to be okay to go to school today, you're sure? I could always call and have them postpone your testing."

"No, I want to go, do you think...do you think he'll come for me?" If he wants to fucking die sure. Her breathing got choppy with fear and tore at my gut.

"No sweetheart, he's not gonna come for you." I held her until her breathing quieted again, every tremble like a spike in my heart. How many years and how many horrors had she faced at the hands of the one who was supposed to protect? It made me sick to my stomach to think on it. She was such a fragile little thing, so soft, so...female. It was hard to imagine someone hurting her intentionally, it made me want to wrap her up in silk and tuck her away somewhere safe.

I wish I could erase every memory of every nightmare she had faced in her own personal hell. From what I had learned in the report I could only imagine what he had done and said to her all her life. One thing was for sure, the man was a sick bastard, and I will do everything in my power to keep her away from him. She'd understand one day if she doesn't now.

In the end I waited until she was in school, I dropped her off there myself and gave her one of my phones so she could call if she needed me. Barring that I would be back at one to pick her up.

I sped the rest of the way to her father's house, my anger once again at the forefront. Over breakfast, which she had insisted on making though I usually had just coffee in the mornings, she'd told me some of what had happened the night before.

He'd come into her room unannounced, a practice he seemed in the habit of doing on occasion. And when she'd tried to hide her new things he had gone into a rage, screaming profanities at her, along with calling her a whore, my whore.

I'd kept my peace while I listened but all the while I was imagining which bones I was going to break in his pathetic body.

I jumped out of my car in his driveway. I'm not a violent man by design but I have been known to lose my temper and have been told it's not a pretty sight.

Well Clifton Sanders was in for a treat because I don't think I've ever been this pissed in my fucking life.

It was still early in the morning and the few houses on the dead end street were quiet. I know that there were mostly retirees in this neighborhood and that will work in my favor.

I didn't stop to think, just kicked the door in and went right in. He wasn't upstairs but laid out on the couch in the living room. The noise from the door breaking must've woken him because he fumbled around trying to reach his gun on the side table.

"No you don't you son of a bitch."

I reached him in three strides and pulled him up by his neck. I nut punched him while glaring into his eyes and he dropped.

"I could've killed you for what you had planned for her that alone was your death sentence. I was willing to let it go for her sake but this just nailed your coffin shut." I kicked him once for good measure it was no fun beating the shit out of a sniveling dog that was just rolling around on the floor nursing his balls. Weak fuck, he only knew how to prey on a defenseless girl in his care. Someone who'd looked to him for everything, and whom he gave nothing. "Now go upstairs and get me all her pertinent paperwork, birth certificate, social security, medical records, everything. I want it in five minutes or I'm breaking a bone in your fucking body for every minute of my time you waste.

"I don't have to give you anything Thorpe, you have no rights she's my daughter. I'll have you brought up on charges. What would your high class friends think of a pedophile?"

"In case you forgot you fuck, in this state the law says I can marry Ashley at sixteen, she's almost eighteen. Your threats don't mean shit to me and I could give a flying fuck what my peers think, now get me what I asked for, times a wasting." I walked over to him to get him moving the longer I stayed in here the closer he came to death.

"How do you expect me to explain this, her sudden disappearance? What am I supposed to tell people?"

"You really are stupid. Do I look like I give a fuck how you explain anything? All I care about is keeping you away from her, as of yesterday you can forget you even have a daughter."

He sneered at me as if he wanted to kill me, I'm sure that thought was giving him the warm and fuzzies. Join the line you fuck, the nerve of this sick fuck to call me a pedophile after what he'd had planned for his own flesh and blood.

"You don't seem to hear so good since you still went after her after I warned you not to, so heed me now, fuck with me on this and the tape recording I have of you goes to the six o clock news. I've already left instructions, just in case by some twist of fate you get the drop on me. Now get going."

I shoved him away from me onto the floor his face had paled at the mention of a recording. Good you piece a shit, now worry what recording I'm talking about I'm sure your treatment of your daughter isn't your only vice. I followed him up the stairs and went to her room while he went after what I needed.

In her room I gathered only those things she would need for school. On a hunch I opened her closet and a few drawers, fucking bastard, she barely had the bare necessities.

I met him in the living room where he had a packet ready for me. I opened it up and checked just to be sure, I didn't trust him worth a damn.

"You owe me four thousand dollars I expect it by the end of the week."

"What? I don't owe you anything." He tried to get huffy but we both knew it was only for show, I'm pretty sure if he gave me any excuse I'd end his ass right here and now.

"Yeah, the shit you destroyed, I paid for, you'll give me four-thousand, and for every day that it's late that will be another five hundred. If more than a week goes by then I start taking it out of your ass and trust me that little skirmish is nothing compared to what I will do to you."

"You don't need that money..."

"I know, but I hate you, I want you to suffer in anyway I can make you suffer, besides you owe her a hell of a lot more than that you monster."

"I want that tape, I kept my end of the bargain I gave you what you wanted."

"You'll never see that tape. Until I'm sure she's safe from you and that you won't be a pain in my ass the tape stays. Funny you don't even know what's on those tapes and you're still worried, you really are a sick fuck."

"All this trouble for that little bit..."

My fist was in his mouth before he could finish the sentence, I didn't stop there either, he'd finally given me just the opening I needed dumb fuck.

It had been some years since I had to talk with my fist, but it all came back to me. His puny attempts were no match for my burning anger. I hit him for every year she had spent in terror, for every missed childhood dream. I didn't stop plowing my fist into him until I grew tired.

"Come near her again, I'll kill you."

I turned and walked out. There was no way of knowing whether or not he would heed my warning the guy seems not too bright. Either that or his personal vendetta against her superseded everything else including self -preservation.

I cleaned up before going to work and at about one I left to pick her up at school. Our house hunting will have to wait one more day. Today I'm going to fill every closet in the penthouse with shit for her. I thought of calling my sister over to get her input but changed my mind. I'm just not ready to share her with anyone else as yet not even family.

She walked out with the rest of the kids and headed for the car, the down look on her face disappearing as she climbed in next to me.

"How was your tests love?" I drew her in to get a fix it felt like forever since I'd dropped her off. I looked at her to make sure she was okay and that there were no lingering effects from her ordeal the night before. I'm sure that shit's gonna fuck with her for a while but I'm gonna do all that's in my power to cut it out like a cancer.

"Easy." She seemed more at ease than when I dropped her off as she clutched my arm while I drove. Maybe I was worrying for nothing. Damn, if one morning of freedom could do that for her then I would see that it never changed.

"We're going shopping again today love, you need clothes and stuff."

"That's too much, after yesterday." She pulled away and fussed with her seat belt.

"Ashley, do you have any idea how much I'm worth?" She shook her head no, and how refreshing was that? Shit any of the females of my past acquaintance would sell an ovary for the chance to go shopping on Gideon Thorpe's dime.

"I'm worth more than you can spend in ten lifetimes so I don't want you worrying about that stuff okay?"

When she didn't answer I chanced a glance at her and found her worrying her lip again. I know she wasn't accustomed to anyone spending money on her but she would have to get used to it, I intend to spoil the fuck out of her everyday for the rest of her life. "I don't really know what to buy, I've never..."

"So buy everything you like I mean it Ashley if you see something you want I want you to get it."

"I don't know if I can."

"Fine I'll just have to help you then." I decided to change the subject and asked her about school instead. That seemed to settle her a little and by the time we pulled up to the mall she was a little more relaxed. Nothing had been said about Cliffy, she hadn't brought him up and I'd be fucked if I was going to. Let's hope this was a case of out of sight out of mind.

Our first stop was one of those young people stores with nothing but jeans and t shirts where I had her change out of her uniform first before we got down to some serious shopping. Then I dragged her into every high- end store that had decent clothing in the window.

It was almost five hours later when we returned home laden down with shopping bags. Once again she looked like a teenaged girl, her eyes alight and bursting at the seams to go through her loot again.

"Go ahead babe, I'll start dinner, come find me in the kitchen when you're done."

She kissed me again for the one-hundredth time before heading off to our bedroom. Our bedroom, I liked the sound of that. Where before I guarded my freedom like Cerberus at the gates of hades, I was more than happy to see it go down the drain, she fucking owned me. Completely and irrevocably, and I wouldn't have it any other way.

Chapter 9

She came downstairs not even ten minutes after disappearing with her loot, all flushed and happy. And just the sight of her made me smile. She looked so young and carefree here, the way she was supposed to.

"That was quick." I kissed the top of her head my hands were dirty since I'd been marinating salmon steaks for the grill.

"I started to try them on, but then I missed you so I came back down." Shit, could she be any sweeter?

"Hop on up here then and keep me company, then after dinner you can model for me okay baby."

"Okay." She blushed and grinned as she hopped up onto the counter, barley making it without my help. She was so tiny, my heart clutched, I could've lost her before I found her. Not now Gideon, just concentrate on making her happy. That's your new mission in life don't let that twisted fuck intrude here. This is your first real night together in her new home you have to make it special.

"Can I help?"

"Nope, I've got it covered. I'm just grilling salad's already made. I would offer you a glass of wine but I don't want to corrupt you...yet." I smirked at her and she blushed.

"In Europe I can have wine."

"We'll talk about that when we're there." She pouted at me, her bottom lip just enticing me to take a bite.

"Ummmm cherry. You trying to get me to eat your lips off?" She giggled as my tongue licked across her lips, shoulders scrunching up to her ears as I tried for a nibble there too.

"Now behave yourself so I can feed us, you tired my old self out with your shopping."

"Me? That was all your fault. I was finished two hours before you were ready to leave you kept finding stuff for me to try on."

She's right too. I'd had a blast watching her try on new outfits her eyes widening as each pile grew and bigger and bigger. And that was just the beginning.

I'd also introduced her to another form of shopping, where someone else got to model the clothing while we got to sit and sip on champagne or in her case sparking cider and nibble on foie gras on toast points which I enjoyed and Blossom turned up her nose at. We'll have to work on her palette.

For all our complaining we'd both enjoyed ourselves, she was now the proud owner of a complete wardrobe that would be the envy of any teen princess.

She'd gotten her ears pierced at my insistence when I caught her staring at earrings in a shop window. She was now sporting a pair of Tiffany's two-carat diamond studs, which her fingers kept gravitating towards repeatedly.

I opened the French doors that lead off the breakfast nook onto the patio where I had the grill already heating just waiting for the fish.

I'd skewered some fresh pineapple rolled in sugar to grill as well, a nice accompaniment to the fish. When I'd asked Ashley what she wanted for dinner her first choice had been McDonald's of all things. I'd squashed that out the box but after she'd explained that she'd never had one of America's favorite fast food burgers, I'd almost cried for her.

Immediately I'd shifted my plans for the weekend, Saturday was going to be dedicated to her only. Whatever she wanted to do, but there was definitely a Big Mac for lunch in her future.

I hope I survive it I haven't eaten one of those things since I was a teen. Mom wasn't too big on fast food either, though it wasn't for the same reasons as her dick of a father. At least we were allowed one every once in a while, we just weren't allowed to make a habit of it, which was as it should be.

"I know; I'll set the table." She broke my inner ramblings with that announcement as she jumped down off the counter.

"Already done baby, just relax, there's nothing for you to do."

I could tell she was nervous, probably not accustomed to sitting idly by while someone else did all the work, took care of her. I wondered what her evenings had been like at home. Did he make her wait on him hand and foot? Was she even allowed to watch television? Come to think of it, there hadn't been one in her room, and I can't imagine she wanted to spend her free time in a room with him unless she absolutely had to. Put it away Gideon she's here now and she can watch all the mindless drivel that teens seemed to like on the tube anytime she likes.

I lit the tapered candles in their silver holders in the middle of the table when dinner was ready.

She blushed as I seated her and I couldn't help kissing her heated cheek. Such a delight my little Blossom.

"I hope you like it."

"I don't think I've ever eaten so much salmon before I met you."

"Do you like fish, it's good for you."

"I think so I mean I've fried lots of it when dad would go fishing with Mr. Stark..." Her voice tapered off at the mention of her father.

Taking her hand I gave it a squeeze, rubbing my thumb back and forth across her palm. I pulled her to me for a kiss. If it's the last thing I do I'm going to wipe that desolate look from her face for good. I'll be damned if he'll cause her any more sorrow or heartache.

"You hanging in there baby?" She nodded her head before taking a bite of her fish.

"This is good Gideon, I like it."

"Good I'm glad."

We enjoyed the rest of our meal over much lighter conversation. I asked about school and what these tests she was taking this week were all about.

I wasn't surprised to learn that she was in the top one percentile of her class, which she told me was unknown to her father.

She'd taken her SATs and passed with flying colors and some other aptitude tests they were giving kids these days that they didn't have when I was in school.

Apparently she'd done well enough to be accepted to an Ivy League school, but daddy dearest had nixed that. Well I'll get all her affairs with the school straightened out. I had the necessary papers now, she was old enough to speak for herself, and we didn't need his signature for anything. Asshole.

I still didn't like the idea of him being her guardian of note so I'm gonna have to deal with that first.

"Would you like to get married?" She dropped the fork and looked at me with wide-open eyes.

What the fuck? I hadn't meant to say that, what the hell had just happened? We barely knew each other, she hadn't even met my parents, and she was so fucking young. I was going to wait, what the hell happened to waiting until she got settled in?

Yeah, all those things were true but when she jumped from her seat into my lap, her arms going around my neck to hold me in a chokehold, I knew it was the right move.

If I could just get my heart to calm down we'd be good to go.

Fuck Thorpe, you really are nuts, you've lost your fucking mind over this girl. How do you go from being totally against giving up your freedom to getting married to a girl whom you'd only just met?

I haven't even really kissed her yet, not the way I wanted to anyway. I had no idea what her likes and dislikes were. What were her favorite things to do? In fact I knew nothing about her except that the way she made me feel, I'm sure I'd never feel that good again with anyone else. Never!

There was a lot to be done I had three months before her eighteenth birthday. I'd already committed myself to waiting until then before taking her to my bed...well, before making love to her there since she was already sleeping in my bed.

"You won't change your mind will you?"

"Well you haven't answered the question yet so..."

"Yes, yes, yes, yes." She squealed, peppering my face with kisses after each enthusiastic yes and I was grinning like an ass.

"So when... How? Tomorrow?"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, not so fast little one, we have to plan it, sometime after your birthday."

"Why do we have to wait?" I hated to see her lose that exuberance but I had to do this right for her sake.

I kissed her nose before looking into her magnificent eyes.

"Because I have a mother who would skin me alive if I ran off and got married without telling her. She's going to want to plan an extravagant event whether or not it's just us, or she invites half the state."

She grew rather quiet and sullen and I was beginning to realize that I hated to see her look anything but happy. Lifting her head up, I caressed her cheek lovingly.

"What is it, what's wrong?"

"What if she doesn't like me?" She looked close to tears, I guess it's only natural for every new daughter in law to worry about whether or not her new mother in law would approve, but somehow I think there was more going on here than that.

She looked fucking petrified, just as she had that morning when she asked me if this was home.

I pulled her closer to me, hugging her with all the love I had in me for her.

"She'll love you baby, I promise. There's nothing for you to worry about okay, I'll introduce you to them soon and you'll see. I have a sister your age, her name's Tula and she loves to shop. I can see you two hitting the shops together, not to mention her obsession with on line shopping. I'm sure my credit cards are gonna get a work out." I tried to tease her out of her sulk.

She blushed at that and hid her face in my chest.

"Oh no I spend too much."

"Ashley cut it out, we've already had this conversation, what's mine is yours, you can never spend too much okay? Look at it this way, what if I wanted to spend time with you and you had lots of free time? Would you spend your free time with me, or would you be mad that you had to?"

"I could never be mad at spending time with you."

"Well see, that's exactly how I feel about the money, time is more precious than money and I have tons of it. I want to spend it on you. In fact, I'm getting you your own cards and your own account, that way you don't have to wait for me to do anything if you see something you want you can just buy it." And I can erase the picture of you in want and going without from my mind.

"I don't know what to say, this is all so...so, I don't know, is this a dream?"

"No dream baby, we're both just very lucky to have found each other." She makes it so easy, I just want to love this girl with everything I've got. I hope I don't fuck this up I'm not sure if I should get her a therapist. How much damage had been done to her psyche? She seems so well rounded and even keeled for someone who's lived with a virtual sociopath her entire life.

I'll keep an eye out for the next couple of weeks at least and if I notice anything off I'll handle it. Her life had been drastically changed overnight I'd literally swooped in and taken her over. I have to be sure not to overcrowd her, she already had one overbearing male figure in her life she didn't need another. But the way I felt about her, I know it's going to be tough keeping myself in check.

I do want to take her over, dominate. I have this uncontrollable need to be a part of every aspect of her life. Maybe because I know she'd been hurt by her father for so long, I don't know. What I do know is that no one else has ever made me feel this possessive. Like I needed to own her and that just sounds so sick. But it's the truth, whether it's her upbringing, her youth, or that innocent air about her I just know she makes me want to take over every aspect of her existence; like I have to stand between her and the rest of the world.

With Lynn and anyone else that came before her we spent as much time apart as we did together. In fact maybe more, but the thought of letting her out of my sight fills me with distaste. If I had my way she would never spend another night out of my arms. Which might be difficult since she had school and I sometimes travelled for business, sometimes out of the country, I'm going to have to figure something out because I'm pretty sure that was out.

Fuck, I can't think about that right now, I'm just making myself crazy.

"Hey, isn't school almost out for the summer?"

"Yep, just a few more weeks and it's summer vacation."

"What do you usually do on breaks?"

"Umm nothing?"

"You never went anywhere, did anything with friends, go to the beach, stuff like that?"

"I don't really have any friends Gideon." She hung her head as if in shame, I felt my ire rise once again.

"Well you do now Blossom, you have me." I teased her out of the funk I sensed was coming on again. Fucking Cliff Sanders; what an utter and complete asshole, if I hadn't hated him before I would now.

What seventeen, almost eighteen-year old girl didn't need friends? The more I learned about her life with him, the more convinced I became that I'd done the right thing by taking her out of there.

"Let me know when your classes end. We need to make plans, can't have you sitting around here all summer now can we?"

"Really, where would we go?" Her eyes lit up and she bounced in my lap making me laugh and groan at the same time.

I've been fighting a hard on ever since she climbed into my lap. I don't want to scare her half to death but neither did I want there to be any uneasiness between us. She's going to learn about my body's reaction to hers sooner or later. There's no way to keep it hidden for the next three months.

I stole a kiss to distract her from my rod poking into her thigh, soft gentle kisses no tongue as yet, I didn't want to push my luck.

Although I'd promised myself not to make complete love to her until she was older, I knew it was unrealistic to think that I could lie next to her every night and not touch her. I knew there was going to be a lot of touching for the next three months.

That night she slept on my chest, her legs snuggled between mine, and me, the guy who couldn't stand cuddling slept like a fucking baby with her sweet weight on top of me.

The next morning we were more relaxed with each other. I let her browbeat me into eating breakfast, at least if was just fresh fruit with muesli and fresh squeezed orange juice.

She seemed more in her element here, puttering around my kitchen in her school uniform, the little band around her head making her look even younger. I almost felt like a perv, especially when I trapped her between my body and the island and ate at her cherry flavored lips.

"I can't wait to make love to you."

I felt her whole frame shiver at my whispered words, good, maybe I'll keep her primed between now and her birthday. By the time I actually get inside her she would be stoked for it.

"Gideon, don't say stuff like that." She was red as a cherry, her face hot to the touch when I kissed her cheek but she had a little shy smile as she tried to hide from me.

I needed to get her off to school. I still hadn't listened to the tapes yet and I wanted to get that done today, then there was a lot to do to prepare for our future.

Chapter 10

I took her to school on my way to work, and didn't that sound fucking insane? I'm the twenty-six year old head of a Fortune Five Hundred company and my girlfriend is a twelfth grader, for fuck's sake. What if I hadn't seen her that day? Or the wind hadn't been blowing in just that way that made her play in her hair the way she had that caught my eye? I shudder to think what might've become of my beautiful girl then. No matter what I'll never regret having her in my life.

Sanders had been right though, there were some who would scoff at the disparity in our relationship, and some could kiss my ass. I answer to no one, which meant no one had any say in what the fuck I do with my life. The only people who mattered were my family and I had no doubt they'd love my girl. Mom especially would want to mother here, which was fine by me she could use all the love and attention she could stand. But first they'd have to stand in line because it was going to be a while before I felt like sharing my treasure with anyone else.

"Do you get out early again today baby?" We'd pulled up to the school and some of the kids were checking out the limo but couldn't see beyond the tinted glass. I'd decided against asking her about friends at school because I was pretty sure she had none but..."Does anyone here bother you Blossom?"

"No I pretty much always just kept to myself. I think some of them thinks I'm weird but no one has ever been mean or anything. And no I'm not getting our early. Will you still be able to come get me? I can find my way back I think, it doesn't seem that far."

"Don't be silly of course I'll cone get you." I kissed her cute little nose as the driver came around to let her out.

"I don't want to take you away from anything if you're busy..."

"Hey, I'll never be too busy for you ever okay." That got me a smile and a quick kiss, which only left me wanting.

"I'll see you later sweetheart have a good day." She climbed out after assuring me she would and I watched her walk into the building. As soon as she was out of sight and the car was pulling out into traffic my mind went to what laid ahead. All the planning and moving things around to make sure she had a smooth transition. The first order of business would be to clear my schedule for her upcoming vacation. Maybe tonight after dinner I'd have her pick out a place that she'd like to visit. Or maybe we'd take the yacht out onto the Mediterranean for the whole summer, whatever she wanted.

" Good morning Sandy hold all my calls until farther notice and I'm out to anyone but family or the school." I'd already let those who needed to know that she was to be put through to me no matter what if for some reason she couldn't get me on her phone. I'd bought her a new one and programmed all my numbers into it but I wasn't taking any chances. Until I'd dealt with her father once and for all everyone was on high fucking alert. "Yes sir."

I went into my office and set up the tape recorder schooling myself for whatever fuckery I was about to walk into. Nothing could've prepared me for the shit that was about to unfold.

I sat in stone cold silence as I listened to Cliff Sanders and Keith Starks discuss how they were going to get Ashley back. As they argued the merits of going up against me, compared to the money they stood to lose from the sale of a human being, I felt my gorge rise. To hear him speak of her as though she were nothing made the blood in my veins boil. I wanted his blood in my throat in that moment, had he been standing before me he would be dead.

After I'd thrown up what little contents I had in my stomach I started planning.

I made copies of the tapes, I couldn't stomach any more for now that was enough for me for today. Especially after hearing him go after her when he found the things I had bought her. The things he'd said to her, the names he'd called her, no man should ever speak to his child like that and especially not one who didn't deserve it.

I couldn't think about that right now though, I had things to do. I had to combat whatever play they were going to make.

I called up my pilot and had him fuel up the jet, then made some last minute phone calls canceling some very important and highly lucrative meetings for the next few days. Too bad, they could wait or they could go elsewhere, this was more important, she was more important.

I checked my watch as I placed the recordings in my safe, another hour before she had lunch.

I went to the house to pick up a few things and debated calling my mom but decided to put that off for now. She'd understand I had no doubt.

When I pulled up to the school she we just coming out the door. Since I'd warned her not to go to her tree alone she was headed to a bench closer to the school.

I got out and walked to the edge of the little grassy area where she sat surrounded by her peers, though she sat off to the side by herself.

I watched her for a while as she took her lunch out and put her headphones in her ears.

With my hands stuffed in my pockets I made my way towards her.

She saw me coming or sensed me and looked up with a smile as she rose from her seat.

"Hello Blossom."

"Hi, what're you doing here?" She made as if to hug me but then remembered where we were as we felt the curious eyes on us.

"I need you to get your things, did you have tests today?"

"Yeah but we're done, why what's wrong?" She started wringing her hands fear already palpable in her eyes.

"Is it my dad, is he coming to get me?" She looked around like a hunted animal and I wanted to howl. I bit down on my anger and focused on her and what I had to do.

"No sweetheart, no one's going to take you away from me, I just need you to come with me okay."

"You promise?" She bit her lip. How could I not touch her? I didn't want to scandalize the student body so I settled for caressing her cheek.

"I promise, now go get your stuff and do what you need to do in order to leave, do you need me to go to the office?"

"No that's okay, I can do it I'll be back before you know it."

She skipped away, once more reminding me just how young she was. I hope I was doing the right thing if not I would be screwing up both our lives.

She was back in less than fifteen minutes, taking my elbow as we headed back to the car. At least she didn't look so scared anymore.

"So where're we going?"

"I'll explain everything as soon as we're in the air."

"In the air, we're flying somewhere?"

She got so excited she grabbed my arm. I knew she'd never flown anywhere before, today was going to be a lot of firsts for my little Blossom.

I kept the conversation light as we travelled to the airfield, which was easy because Blossom jabbered the whole way with excitement. The strength of my feelings for her were very evident to me in that moment as she took me out of my brewing inner rage with her innocent joy in something that I so often took for granted.

It's just one of the ways that she gets to me. That first day seeing her across the way, all I saw was her beauty of form. I had no idea she would turn out to be this magnificent creature that would wrap herself around my heart and pull me into her sweetness.

We boarded the plane and she still had not stopped. She asked a million questions, but not about where we were going. That's another thing, if I told her I would explain something later she pretty much took my word for it and waited without badgering me to death. That was a condition most adults couldn't even master. I was sure it had something to do with her upbringing but I saw it as strength.

So her questions had nothing to do with what you'd expect of a female, especially one so young on her first flying adventure, instead my Blossom wanted to know everything about the plane. How it worked, could she see the controls? She was like a kid in a candy store. Her excitement almost made me forget why we were here in the first place.

"Would you like to take flying lessons little one?"

Her eyes and mouth opened wide as she nodded her head not quite able to speak it appeared. So adorably cute I couldn't resist kissing her lips closed, just a soft brush from mine to hers. "So you shall have them I'll teach you myself." I couldn't wait to show her the world out there, open up all the wonders that she'd been missing.

She jabbered away at me a mile a minute until I had to recall everything I'd ever learned about flying, I think I still had some old manuals at home I'll have to remember to dig them out for her. Was I ever this excited about anything as a teen? I'm sure there were tines I was, but usually I took most things in stride. I guess that comes from living a life of privilege, you just expected everything to be as you wanted it. With her I suppose I'll be seeing the world in a whole new light.

"You didn't get to finish lunch baby how about something to eat?" She was practically vibrating with excitement and it was all I could do not to laugh. She put her hand over her tummy shaking her head. "I'm not hungry Gideon." Too much excitement I guess, all the same she had to have something she hadn't eaten since breakfast, which had been fruit and cereal. "Just have a little snack for me okay?" She consented to an apple and I guess I had to be satisfied with that.

She put her head on my shoulder and took my hand in hers. I smelt her hair and her soft scent tickled my nose. I think she fell asleep within minutes of laying her head there. So innocent, so trusting, and just like that the anger was back.

I put my arms around her as we flew off into the sky, vowing to myself that I would rid her of every threat to her happiness, no one would ever again be allowed to harm her not in anyway. I had already set things in motion to protect her, what I was about to do will be the first major step in putting myself between her and danger. But there was still much to be done and time was of the essence. There isn't anything I wouldn't do to safeguard her.

What was the use of me having all this power if I wasn't going to use it? Especially to protect my own, which she now was, now and forever if I had my way. I sat there holding her while she slept my mind forming and discarding ideas, there was no longer any doubt in my mind that the asshole had to be destroyed. I'd thought to spare him because of what it might do to her but he was more of a danger to her than anything else. I couldn't let that stand. She made waking sounds and stretched in my arms.

"Ashley, do you remember when I asked you to marry me?"

She nodded her head against my chest and squeezed me without moving.

"Well, it looks like we're going to be doing it a lot sooner than I thought."

"Really?" She squealed and picked her head up, asking a thousand questions at once until some of the light faded from her face.

"Your mom didn't want to do it?" Shit, I should've known she would think something like that. I didn't want to tell her the truth about why we were racing across the sky to get hitched in a quickie ceremony. But I wouldn't have her thinking that her new mother in law hated her either.

"Baby, it's not that, it's just...I gave it some thought and in order for us to get your father's name removed as your guardian and take away all his power over you, this is the best thing to do. I just don't want to wait any longer. If you want to have a ceremony and celebration later then that's what we'll do, but I want us to be married as soon as possible." There that sounded feasible, though why the fuck I was protecting that asshole I don't know. You're not protecting him you're protecting her heart the truth would destroy her.

"I don't need a ceremony Gideon remember, that was for your mom and your friends. I don't have anyone to invite so..." She shrugged her shoulders, having no idea that she'd just gutted me with her innocent acceptance of her fate up to this point. She'd also just sealed Cliff Sanders and Keith Stark's fate they were both fucked.

I sent her to the restroom to change into the dress I'd bought her for the occasion. It was just a simple ivory colored silk sheath with matching flats, my baby does not like heels. Her only Jewelry was her new ear studs, and later the rock I had picked out for her finger. I hope she liked it I'd not had the time I would've liked to choose and since it was going to be gracing her finger for the next sixty or seventy years I needed it to be spectacular. The jeweler had assured me that it was the best of its kind.

When she came out of the room, hair brushed and flowing down her back, holding the little nosegay of flowers I'd had the presence of mind to grab, she looked simply stunning.

"Gorgeous." She blushed, smiled at me, and hid behind her hair.

"Come sit with me, we're almost there."

We landed and headed for the waiting limo, which took us to the prearranged destination. For something that had been thrown together last minute things were going rather smoothly. That's what having money and power can do, it removes obstacles, and makes shit happen.

The ceremony was short and to the point, but it got the job done. We walked out of there as husband and wife. Ashley never stopped smiling the whole time and her grip on my arm was very comforting. She was happy, that seems to be my only goal these days, making her happy and that smile alone was worth everything I'd had to do to get us here.

"We'll go have dinner and spend the night here, tomorrow we'll be back home, but when school lets out for the summer we'll go on our honeymoon okay?"

She just nodded as she gazed at her ring for the one-hundredth time. I'm glad I'd gone for the three carat round surrounded by smaller circular stones and the matching wedding band. My own ring was a plain platinum band that said all I needed it to say. I was taken.

She was back to jabbering away about everything which made me feel like a youngster again, she found such delight in everything it was impossible not to be sucked in to her pleasure.

Dinner was a simple affair. She was too excited to eat so we had tropical salads with grilled pineapple and strawberries tossed in romaine with pineapple vinaigrette, topped with blackened Mahi Mahi. She was tired after that so it was back to the hotel for the night and then off again in the morning. My wife needed to go back to school. Fuck me.

Back in the presidential suite of the hotel Ashley said she had to run down to the lobby for something. I had no idea what that could be but let her make her mad dash. There was no danger here, and even if there was, the men I had on her were more than capable of dealing with it, so I went and took my shower while she ran downstairs.

She was back when I returned and rushed into the bathroom as soon as I was coming out.

"I won't be long."

"What's in the bags?"

"It's a surprise."

I just kissed her forehead and left it at that.

I sat up in bed going over some proposals from today's missed meetings. I knew there wasn't going to be a traditional wedding night and I was fine with that. She was mine now and that's all I cared about. No one would ever take her from me and anyone who tried will learn fast what it meant to face the wrath of Gideon Thorpe. With my mind settled where her safety was concerned it was safe to turn my mind to other matters, anything but the missed wedding night.

When she first came out of the bathroom I didn't lift my head right away. I was so caught up in what I was doing that I hadn't heard her enter. Then her scent drifted to me and I raised my head and almost choked on my own saliva.

Merciful heavens, she was...she looked...

"Blossom!" I couldn't form the words, she was stunning, beautiful, astounding, I can't...she was also trying to kill me. I had to remind my dick that she was still too young and that no matter what we will not touch her, not yet, not until she was older.

"Do you like it?" I could only nod like a simpleton form a sentence Gideon if you don't handle this right you'll do more damage than good.

"But what are you doing baby?" She wrung her hands suddenly back to being shy.

"It's our wedding day silly, we're supposed to...you know." She was red as a cherry and her eyes pleaded with me not to turn her away. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

"Come here." I held my arms out for her as she drew closer to the bed. Pulling her down next to me might not have been the smartest move on my part. Her softness, her beautiful scent they combined for a heady mix of seduction.

"My sweet girl, we don't have to do that today, you're still so young..." I kissed her hair and ran my hand up and down her back hoping that would be enough to reassure her.

"Don't you want to?" Shit, now she looked hurt, how do I get us out of this mess?

"Of course I do baby, but remember we talked about this, you're still so young, it's only a few more months, not long..."

"But it's our wedding night." Now you choose to be stubborn Blossom? Help me out here please I'm only thinking of you.

"I know precious one, and I'll make it up to you I promise, but please take it easy on me and cover up for now."

"Why?"

I forgot how innocent she really is, should I show her? Why not, what could be the harm in that? Famous fucking last words!

I took her little hand and led it to my extremely hard cock so she could feel what she did to me.

"Oh...ohhh." Her eyes were back to being wide as saucers again and she got a look of wonder on her face.

"You see, so could you please put something else on?"

"Does it hurt?" She squeezed my cock and a bolt of electricity ran through my body.

"Ashley stop...don't." She was fascinated by it and wouldn't stop squeezing. Fuck I'm gonna embarrass myself any minute if she didn't quit it.

I removed her hand from my throbbing dick and tried to cover up with a pillow. Right before my eyes my little Blossom turned into an imp. She wrestled me for the pillow, tickling me to get her way.

We laughed and rolled around on the bed as she tried everything to get ahold of me while I blocked her every move.

"Fine, I'll leave you alone, go back to your reading." She smacked me in the head playfully with the pillow

before flouncing down on the bed beside me. The short skirt of the teddy she wore rode up to expose the bottoms of her ass, which was left exposed by the baby blue thong she wore.

Was it an innate thing with women? Did they just know at any age how to bring a man to his knees?

"Baby, you forgot something." My eyes were glued to her body even as I pleaded silently for her to cover it up.

"What?" She turned her head my way rising up on one elbow, which pulled the material tighter across her breasts. Sweet...I swallowed really hard as I gestured to her state of near undress.

"I thought you were going to cover up?"

"I'm already covered up." She looked down at her scantily clad body and then back up at me. The look of hunger in her eyes was almost my undoing, but I promised myself to hold strong. This was for her after all, just a few more months and she would be old enough. Yes the law of our state says she's already there, but for me, I'm not sure.

"Ashley..."

"It's my wedding night, the only one I'll ever have, shouldn't I get at least one kiss, please, pretty please with sugar on top?" Coy, shy, sweet, and so fucking innocent.

Help me.

"Okay, just one kiss but that's it." She jumped on me before I could finish getting the words out. Her lips were soft and strawberry flavored this time.

"Hmmmm." I groaned into her mouth as she tentatively gave me her tongue. Her body wrapped around mine like a vine as she sought to feel my hardness against her pussy folds.

"Blossom...don't." Even I could hear the weakness in my voice.

She looked at me with a secret smile before recapturing my lips with her own. Her little hands played my body as she rubbed herself gently against me.

I held her close as I realized my young wife was trying to seduce me. I hope like hell I survived this night with her hymen intact.

Chapter 11

I learned something new about my wife that night, two things actually she's stubborn as hell and she doesn't like to be told no. On the one hand I'm ecstatic that she feels so confident with me already that she can flex her wings, on the other hand she's giving me fits. If I touched her now I'm afraid I might not be gentle enough, not the way she needed me to be her first time, her teasing had driven me to the point of no return.

"Baby...Blossom, you're so young...you're playing with fire." My words held no steam because she'd found my cock under the sheets and in her innocence was rubbing me up and down with her soft hand.

She grinned as she bit my jaw while rubbing her leg over mine. I wonder if she knew she was turned on that her rubbing herself against me was a sure giveaway that she was in heat. I got my answer when she switched plays on me.

She climbed to her knees and straddled my hips as she held my head in place so she could kiss me. That just answered my question, her sensual sexuality is innate, she knew without being told what to do.

"Baby, you're so young please." I was begging here, all my good intentions would go down the drain if she didn't stop. A man could only take so much and the fact that I really wanted to get inside her fought against my better judgment. "Please Ashley help me out here you're too young..."

"No I'm not, I'm your wife, I belong to you now, please don't make me beg, don't you want me?" Fuck, right to the heart of me. She had that look in her eyes like she knew I would turn her away. There's no way I could reject her now, not after all she'd been through. How could I add more hurt to her already tortured existence by denying her on her wedding night? I took a deep breath and prayed that I had the patience to do this right already my fucking hands were shaking.

"I'll always want you come here." I rolled her beneath me and looked down at her wide curious eyes. "Tell me if anything makes you feel uncomfortable okay."

She nodded her head and bit her lip as I eased the teddy off her shoulders. My natural instinct was to tear it away to get at her but I cautioned myself to go slow. I kissed her skin as each part was revealed until I reached her magnificent tits that truly were a thing of beauty. They were high and round with pink tips that just begged to be sucked. I looked into her eyes before lowering my head and taking her nipple into my mouth making her arch her body into mine.

The feel of her fingers caressing my scalp made me bite down until she cried out. Her body was on fire beneath mine and I couldn't help pressing my raging cock into her softness that was still covered with silk.

I was gentle and considerate as I licked and sucked my way down her body pulling the teddy all the way off as I went. My mind warred against my flesh as I tried to control my baser instincts to plunge to devour to tame. Her panties were next and I snapped them in half no longer able to control myself because her fucking scent was unlike anything I'd known.

I kissed my way up her thighs as she made the sexiest fucking sounds and grabbed fistfuls of my hair. When I reached her core spreading her legs wider I studied her pink wet pussy. Then I tasted her.

"Fuck...." That's as much as I could put together. Her taste was intoxicating sweet with a touch of spice. I sunk my tongue into her trying to get as deep as I could, to take as much of her into my mouth as was possible. I lifted her to my mouth and went down on her like she was the last thing I'll ever have. She came with a scream on my tongue and I eased off. Didn't want to overwhelm her just yet we'd only just begun. I sat back on my heels between her spread thighs and took my time studying her nakedness.

Her body was mesmerizing she was a work of art. All toned lines and beautiful mounds. Mine.

"I'm going to enjoy loving you my Blossom." I ran my hands over her body spending more time on her nipples before I worked my fingers down her middle. Holding her eyes with mine I thrust my fingers inside her wet pussy and took her lips with mine. She was ravenous, her body taking over her actions and she seemed to have no inhibitions left. I dragged my mouth away from hers as my cock throbbed for some action. But not yet, I needed another taste of her on my tongue.

I buried my head between her thighs once more and fucked her with my tongue, teasing and tormenting her in turns. She begged, she pleaded, she whined, but still I held back.

"When I'm done, there won't be a part of you left untouched." I pushed my tongue part way into her rosebud.

"Gideon...don't..." She tried pulling my head away but I wasn't having it. She'd unleashed the beast now she can see what it was she'd been after, tonight I will hold nothing back.

"Oh no you don't, this is what you wanted, you wanted me to take you, we'll do it my way, all or nothing."

"But..."

"No buts, there's nothing I won't do to you or allow you to do to me, get use to it." I'm a very demanding lover Ashley, I will take and take from you, but I promise to give you more." I went back to licking her, forcing her body towards climax.

She came as I nipped her clit flooding my mouth with her juices. Lying next to her I ran my hand over her body soothingly waiting until she'd calmed before going any farther.

"Feel me."

I wrapped her hand around my girth and showed her how I liked to be stroked.

"Squeeze me baby."

" I don't want to hurt it."

"You won't." So fucking cute.

"He feels so soft and yet so hard...he's so cute I want to bite him." She studied my dick with wide eyes.

"You don't call a man's cock cute baby that's insulting."

"Why?" She kept stroking even as she waited for my answer.

"Puppies are cute, a man's cock is manly, masterful." I teased her as she studied me before lowering her head and tentatively sticking out her tongue for a taste of pre cum.

"Uhmm, salty if I squeeze him will more come out?" She followed words with actions before I could answer and squeezed my cock. She squealed with delight and her newfound prowess over my body when more of my juices overflowed onto her hand.

"Lick it like a popsicle." She followed my instructions and I was soon using her hair to guide her head up and down as she proceeded to blow my mind. Her special blend of innocence, sexuality, and hunger made the job she did perfect almost too perfect I was ready to blow.

"Not too deep baby." She tried to deep throat me but choked and gagged time and again.

"Ease off, I'll show you how I like it done. Slide your lips down slowly...just like that now use your tongue... good girl, just like that. Fuck yeah." I pushed into her mouth trying not to go too fast or too deep but she made me feel so fucking good. She soon got the hang of it and experimented with her technique. Swallowing me down as far as she could take me then pulling up and tasting my cock slit with her tongue.

She stalled when her teeth touched me her eyes flying to mine. She was a sight, her mouth full of cock and her eyes opened wide as if expecting me to scold her.

"That's okay baby, as long as you don't bite down too hard on the head a little teeth is good. Take more...now breathe in, hold it...now swallow."

Her throat flexed and relaxed as I felt my cock head enter her neck. This almost eighteen-year old vixen was throating my cock she never ceased to amaze me.

"Now work your mouth up and down, don't forget to breathe." The words barely made it pass my gritted teeth. I let her suck me off until I was ready to blow, then pulling her off I threw her to her back and buried my head between her legs. I ate her to climax before climbing between her thighs and with one thrust, pierced her hymen.

She screamed and bucked as I used my body to hold her down.

"Ssh, ssh, ssh, it's okay baby, the pain's over now, I'll hold still until you're ready for me to move."

"It hurts Gideon." There were tears in her eyes and I dried them with my thumbs before kissing along their tracks, hugging my baby close, soothing her.

"I know, but it won't last long I promise." I stayed still for the longest two minutes of my fucking life before testing her readiness by easing slowly out of her, then sliding back in.

"You feel that?" I went in and out, a little deeper this time.

"Ummmmmm." She spread her legs wider, her feet planted firmly in the bed.

She was lost on her own sensual plane as I picked up a steady pace of in and out, grinding her into the bed with my lower body keeping her pinned while I fondled one her young firm tits in my hand and sucked the other one into my hungry mouth.

"How does it feel baby?" I kept stroking in and out of her some short some long.

"Like I'm going to die if you stop." Her eyes were fever bright as she strained up against me, her hips going faster and faster.

"Easy, easy." I didn't want her hurting herself on my cock it was at least ten inches long and about five across. I didn't want to fuck around and tear her virgin pussy. "Slow down Blossom."

"No." I think she growled that shit before I felt the sharp sting of her nails biting into my ass pulling me in tighter.

"Do it Gideon, please..."

"Baby...Blossom..." I lost the battle when she clamped down on me and with her natural sensual instinct curled her hips up, drawing me in deeper.

She took me over then, covering my hands on her breasts with hers as her hips moved in time with mine.

I was afraid I was going to finish before her, that cannot be, but she felt so fucking good wrapped around my cock. She strained and pleaded beneath me.

"Tell me what you want."

"Harder, please I can't get enough, I need you, all of you, don't hold back." She said all of that on a breathy whisper.

"Is this deep enough?"

I twisted my hips and plunged to the very depths of her making her cry out as she came. She collapsed beneath me as I poured my seed into her sucking pussy my hands holding her close. I came for what felt like minutes before pulling out and lying replete next to her.

I pulled her body into my arms as my heart raced and I fought for breath, never in my life...She on the other hand seemed to have found a new lease on life. Her body vibrated next to mine with repressed energy.

"Oh my, that was so good Gideon. I can't wait to do that again." She stretched and smiled before kissing me.

"I want to do that lots and lots, okay?"

Oh damn, she's going to give me a run for my money.

Chapter 12

I had to fight Blossom off all night. She was like a little temptress trying to lure me with her wiles. I knew if I took her anymore for the night she'd be very uncomfortable the next day and as hungry as I was for her there's now way I would hurt her. I finally exhausted the little tease by sucking on her little kitty until she was too sensitive for anything more.

I damn near fractured my tongue and my dick was ready to revolt, but at least she wouldn't be too sore to walk tomorrow, of course she saw my predicament and pounced.

I spent a very delightful forty minutes giving her a blow-by-blow tutorial on all the ways to pleasure me with her mouth, her hands and finally her tits, which I felt a little guilty about. For some reason it felt almost like I was corrupting her by jerking cum all over her tits. Her first foray into sex and I'd practically debauched her. When I voiced my fears to her she laughed them off. According to her, and I quote 'who else is going to teach me silly?' Well when she put it that way I guess she had a point.

She played with my cock, pulling and releasing him against my stomach, squealing with laughter whenever he bounced back. She kissed, licked, sucked and even bit me a few times playfully until I fucked her tits, cumming all over my innocent girl's breasts and lower chin. And what did this sensuous creature do? She wiped it all off with her fingers and sucked them dry. The way she closed her eyes as she tasted my essence you would swear she was a practiced courtesan.

We slept curled around each other. I felt more peaceful than I had in a long time if ever knowing that I'd done everything to protect her. She was mine now all of her, everything that she was now belonged to Gideon Thorpe. This was one powerful little girl and she had no idea. Ashley Thorpe was now co owner of half the city at eighteen. Shit that's better than even I had done, it had taken me until twenty-four to become as powerful as I am now.

I kept getting up in the night to check on her I read somewhere that a woman's first time can sometimes make them a little ill. I checked her for fever but she seemed cool to my touch. When I wasn't making sure that she suffered no ill effects of her husband's plundering I just watched her as she slept. Making promises in the dark, my heart had never felt so full, so complete. Like all that I'd done all I'd accomplished up to this point paled in comparison and therein laid her true power. She'd brought the great Gideon Thorpe to his fucking knees. I finally fell asleep in the early hours of the morning when I grew too exhausted to stay awake.

I woke up to a playful nymph who'd already got things started without me. Damn I must've been out cold.

"Blossom...what're you doing?" I know damn well what she was doing, I could feel what she was doing.

"Ummm...unghh...oomph."

My greedy girl couldn't take the time to release my cock from her mouth so she tried to talk around it.

"Turn around here." She gave me a puzzled look as I tapped her hip. Oh yeah, the nymph was still an innocent.

"This is another way to love each other." I pulled her ass around so she straddled my head. I inspected her pussy, it looked relatively fine, no redness or puffiness, and when I licked her she wriggled her ass in pleasure and not pain.

I ate her pussy until my face was covered in her juice, running my tongue back and forth between her newly awakened sex and her ass, she was no longer as uncomfortable with ass play, which was good.

"One day soon I'm going to take you here." I ran a finger down her ass, tickling her rosebud before pushing just the tip inside her, which made her swallow more of my cock.

I smacked her ass when it was time to switch up I didn't want to cum in her mouth yet. Helping her get into position I entered her as she sat on me.

"Ride me baby." She bit her lip in concentration as she tested her newfound position of power. Up, down, up, down, until she got the hang of it.

With her ass in my hands I squeezed her cheeks pulling and pushing her as she fucked herself wildly on my cock, which was now as hard as it had ever been.

"Fuck babygirl, so good, so sweet." I could barely form words, her pussy held me in its grip as she fucked me. The joy on her face made my heart feel full. I fell more deeply under her spell as she enjoyed me. And when she came and I turned her over onto her back so I could pound into her the way I needed to, I fell over the cliff and all the way in love with her as I emptied my seed inside her.

"I will love you my sweet Ashley until my dying breath." I whispered to her softly before burying my face in her neck. Her thighs clasped my hips as we calmed our breathing together. "I'm so happy Gideon, thank you." I held myself up on my arms as I leaned over her so I could see her smile. "Always." I started moving inside her again. "Can you take me again baby? I'll stop if you're too sore." She shook her head no and pulled me down for a kiss. We spent the next few hours making love until it was time to go.

We made it home in the early evening, I'd decided to take a few days off and keep her home from school after all. Her tests were over anyway and they weren't really doing anything more of importance before summer break or so she said. For all I know she could be lying to me so she could stay on my dick she hadn't left it alone once since they'd become acquainted. I'd had to take her to the private bedroom away from the prying eyes of her detail on the plane because she'd whispered that she was ready again. I've created a monster for sure.

Now we were home and back to reality, there was still a lot to be done to solidify things and send the message that she was now completely off limits. Anyone not heeding the warning should be prepared to bear the consequences.

I'll have to see about her name change and things like that but that could wait until after the weekend. I had enough contacts to make such things easily seen to so I wasn't too worried about red tape.

I had pressing matters that were glaring me in the face but I couldn't see leaving my young wife alone to see to them just yet. The specter of her father and Starks loomed large in the forefront of my mind, but they will be dealt with in time. I could certainly afford to spend a few days with my wife away from the business we both needed it. This was a big change for both of us and besides I felt the need to forge the bond that we'd only started the night before.

Ashley was very clingy that evening as we prepared dinner together. I'd offered to take her out to dinner but she preferred to be home alone with just the two of us.

I learned why when she kept teasing me while I was busy chopping veggies for the salad or boiling water for the pasta. We were always either kissing or touching in some way.

"Here, have a carrot stick."

"Uhm, I'd rather have this." My innocent Blossom palmed my cock through my jeans while snagging the carrot stick from my hand with her teeth.

"You're asking for trouble again Ashley." Damn I'd just had her in the shower she couldn't be hungry again.

"Hmm, sounds like fun." She licked my ear and ran out of reach when I tried to smack her ass.

Who was this girl? I would never in a million years have guessed that this hot seductress existed under that tortured soul. Thank heaven her father's plans had been thwarted. I felt cold just thinking about all this beauty and vivaciousness being squandered on some perverted fuck somewhere.

"Gideon...I...can't...breathe."

"What? Oh." I hadn't even realized that I'd grabbed her while my mind had wandered to that place.

"Sorry baby, let's eat and then you can play with me all you want okay."

She smiled wide at that and went to set the table.

I watched her as she moved around the room humming. She looked happy, carefree, young, and so perfect.

My heart clenched with a small fear when I thought of what laid ahead. No mater what I will keep her safe, I would shield her from anything to do with her father and the horror he'd had planned for her a horror I hope she knew nothing of.

"Come 'ere Blossom."

She skipped over to me and right into my arms her lips lifted for my kiss.

"I love you Gideon, thanks for saving me." She laid her head against my chest.

Fuck, always straight to the heart.

"I love you more."

Chapter 13

I wondered how long this would last. Last night I'd fucked Ashley after her teasing had brought me to the edge. I'd been so rough on her I was afraid I'd damage her somehow but no, she'd been right there with me the whole way.

I love the way she takes my cock, if I go deep, even when I'm telling myself to ease off that it might be too much nothing was ever too much for her no matter how much I pushed her. It's as if all her sweet, shy, innocence disappeared once the bedroom door was closed. Then she became a wild thing.

When pulled her over my face while I ate her pussy, she reached behind her and jerked my cock with her tight little fist while she rode the fuck out of my tongue. She'd let it be known in no uncertain terms that liked having her pussy sucked especially when I bent her over and ate her from behind. She liked watching me stroke my meat until pre cum seeped out the top, then she'd pounce and lick it up like her personal lollipop. The first time she called it that I laughed so hard I thought I'd crack a rib. The little tease used my cock as her own personal fuck stick. I was more than a little pleased though that she had no sexual inhibitions. She was a wild one who didn't shy away from anything when it came to fucking.

If I stood over her and face fucked her, she diddled her clit, and when I spent ten minutes just teasing her pussy with my cock, she fed me her tit. She was the most naturally sensual being I'd ever met.

I hadn't spent all night fucking in years there was always something more important to take care of. But with her I couldn't seem to get enough. Each time I thought we were done for the night I would end up pulling her under me again, or over me or in front of me. And each and every time she welcomed me. So yeah, I had to wonder how long this shit would last, how long could I be this fucking lucky?

She loved riding my cock best I think because she always went a little wild when she took my cock all the way into her tight body. Then she would bounce and twist to her heart's content while fucking the shit out of me. I gave it about a week before she'd worn my ass out completely because she didn't seem to have a turn off switch. It was fun trying to explain to her the mechanics of the male body. She thought it was hilarious that I needed to recharge so to speak while she could just keep going and going. Of course while my cock was out of commission she fucked my face and filled my mouth with her sweet pussy juice while trying to suck some energy back into her new toy. We spent the first few days as husband and wife fucking that was her call. I kept giving her baths so she didn't get too sore but she didn't seem too worried about that. She'd found something she liked and she gorged herself until we both fell asleep too exhausted to move a muscle.

Yesterday morning had been full of surprises, first someone had leaked the news of our wedding to the papers, which led to my mother calling me and giving me hell. Not only for getting married in a quickie ceremony instead of the bash she would've preferred but also for getting married to someone she'd never met.

I'd calmed her down and given her a little background on my bride without going into too much detail. Afterwards she'd spoken to Ashley on the phone for a while, ending with a planned shopping trip. She'd pass on the news to the others I had no doubt and then we'd be bombarded with family members.

I'd spent the rest of the day fielding calls from friends and business associates wanting to know if the rumors were true. I'm not in the habit of to explaining my actions to anyone so those conversations were short.

Yes I was married no I didn't want to make a statement, that was for the local society columnist who wanted a scoop.

Now it's Monday and there's a lot to be done. I already started the ball rolling on the name change and new IDs. Next step was house hunting, which my girl seemed especially jazzed about. She'd already started scouring the Internet over the weekend for local real estate as soon as I told her.

It thrilled me to see her excitement as she'd stare wide-eyed at the different places in the areas I told her to concentrate on. Giving me a detailed account of all the pros and cons of each place she was interested in as I tried to catch up on some paperwork.

I hid my smiles whenever she'd see something she liked only to become dejected at the price tag. There was one place in particular she'd gone all dreamy eyed over. I'd earmarked it for her and planned on calling the listed realtor as soon as I reached the office to set up an appointment for us. I guess it will take her some time to get used to the idea that she could now afford anything she wanted and that there was nothing I wouldn't get her.

It was a twelve million dollar eight bedroom eight and a half bath with indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a tennis court and English gardens sitting on four acres. It resembled a European castle with its turrets and spires, with marble walls and flooring. It was good to know my baby had excellent taste.

"You ready for school Ashley?" It was weird asking my wife that, we both worried about her classmates or even some of the teachers' reaction to her new status but she assured me that she would be fine. She also refused to take off her rings, which I was secretly happy about. I would've understood if she wanted to leave them off while there but she said they were never to leave her finger ever, so that was that.

"Ready." Fuck, my wife wore every man's wet dream uniform everyday of the week. I'm sure the dirty old man jokes will be plentiful not that I was that old but still, it was so cliched as to be funny. "I'll be there to pick you up after school did you want to go out for dinner?" She hasn't been out of the house since we got back, if were up to her I don't think we'd ever leave. "Sure you owe me a Big Mac." I grinned at her and led her out the door. I won't remind her that I'd been the one to ask her if she wanted to get her burger but she'd been too busy riding my dick to care.

We held hands in the back of the car as I took her to school before heading to the office. The minute she was out of the car I was back to business as usual. I had to organize my thoughts on her father and where I was going with the information I had. I had to reschedule all those meetings I'd pushed to the side last week and I had to set up her accounts and get her name on the necessary paperwork as my wife. I wasn't expecting anything to happen to me but I wanted her covered all the same.

The morning went rather smoothly, the realtor was set for this weekend of course that was the first order of business. I decided to tackle the problem of her father later in the day.

I fielded even more calls about my marriage in the midst of making and breaking deals.

When I looked up at the clock it was almost time for her to be leaving school. Shit, she'd have to come here or go to the apartment by herself. I'd thought for at least this first week until she was accustomed to it I could leave early, but because I'd put off so much in the last few business days, I couldn't leave. I hated disappointing her her first day back fuck.

I picked up the phone and called the driver to let him know to bring her to me. With that settled I went back to my paperwork. My personal phone rang twenty minutes later and I answered it absently, my mind on the spreadsheet in front of me.

"Thorpe."

"Sir there's been an accident."

My heart stopped, my blood ran cold and I think my mind shut down for a second as all thought fled my head.

"Tell me." I held my breath, hoping against hope.

"As Miss. Ashley was coming to the car someone drove up on the sidewalk and hit her. It's bad sir I'm sorry, there was nothing I could do, I didn't even see the guy before he was on top of her."

"Who is he?"

"We don't know yet sir he's an unknown but we've got him."

"Where is she?" I was out of my chair as soon as my legs would work and heading for the door.

"They're air lifting her to County General sir I'm sorry."

"We'll deal with that later I gotta go."

I called my pilot and got him in motion then I called my dad to see who he knew at County General. Gage was next I needed round the clock security put in place before she got there. My mind had gone into robotic mode I did what I had to do but I was detached from it all.

I called the guys that had been sitting on her father's house they'd left the listening devices in place on my command. If he had anything to do with this, the answer to what should be done with him was shorter. I'd kill him plain and simple.

I knew from the description that this was no accident but I'll have to wait until I got all the facts. I never made rash decisions.

In less than an hour I had the information I needed, seems this one was on me. The guy driving was a kid from out of town apparently someone had paid him to run her down. It wasn't hard to understand why he went for it since he spent his days getting high on meth.

It was the blonde woman who had hired him that was of the most interest to me. I had him on ice until I got back. First I had to see to my wife then I'd deal with the refuge in both our lives.

Chapter 14

I had everything in motion before I left the city. The plane was ready to take off, my guys met me on the tarmac with the tapes from Sanders's house and the hopped up kid was being held in a secure location. Lynn's whereabouts were being searched out. My only concern was getting to my wife who was already in surgery when I called the last time.

I held my breath almost the whole way there pacing the confines of the plane willing the pilot to get there faster. The blood in my veins was ice I'd shut off my conscience. I couldn't even think about her lying on some table surrounded by strangers while they worked to patch her up. My baby must be so scared. "I'm so sorry Blossom." Fuck why did I keep fucking up with her? The doctor had assured me that her injuries weren't life threatening but that wasn't much consolation for me, the fact that she had survived would not spare the ones responsible.

In the business world you have to play hardball more often than not. I've always believed in playing fair, I also believe in retribution, my own and others.

I'd take what ever was thrown at me but somebody was going to die for this, there's no way I could just let it go.

When a wild animal tastes blood they put them down quick lest they get a taste for it, I could do no less here. There was no guarantee that this was a one-time thing.

I know Lynn was the one involved obviously but who else was in on it? She couldn't have seen the newspapers and set things in motion that quickly to pull this off. This had to have been planned, how did she know about my Blossom? And why had the bitch not come after me instead of going after her?

Maybe then I would've spared her but now hell no, that stupid bitch was as good as dead.

I got to the hospital and was ushered to the room where Ashley was laying in a fucking coma. She had a broken leg, fractured wrist and scrapes and bruises. All in all, the doctor said she was lucky not to have sustained more serious injuries. Thank goodness the kid was too high to know what the fuck he was doing so his speed had been a little off. If he'd been going any faster she would probably be dead.

"Uh, Mr. Thorpe, our Intel says you're her husband?" A doctor came into the room behind me.

"I am." I watched her face as I listened to him, she had a bruise on her temple that was already darkening, other than that her face was untouched. Her leg was in a cast, her wrist bandaged. She looked so fucking small and defenseless lying there. I kept my eyes on her face willing her to wake up and smile at me. All the emotion I'd been holding at bat threatened to bring me it my knees now that I stood face to face with what they'd done to her.

I clocked back in to the doc when he started asking me questions that had fuck all to do with why my wife was lying there broken. "How long have you two been married sir, if you don't mind me asking?"

"A little less than a week; why?" What the fuck is it to you asshole?

"Well it's just that she's so young..." I gave him a fuck you look and had him backtracking fast.

With his hands out in front of him he was quick to explain. The way I felt right now I wouldn't mind planting my fist in his face for being stupid. Since when is it a doctor's place, to ask questions like that? "You got something to say to me you fuck?"

"No, no, don't get me wrong, it's just that she's very early in her pregnancy..."

I bit my fist and fell back as his words pummeled me like blows. Pregnant, fuck I hadn't even thought...I went to her side, tears blinding me as I checked her over.

"Is the baby safe?"

"For now it looks that way, sometimes it happens like this, the fetus is too small to suffer. Sometimes it's too small to survive, since he or she is only a few days we'll monitor but it looks good.

"Are you sure she's pregnant, I mean how can you tell you just said she's only a few days, doesn't she need to be weeks or months at least?"

"No we've made progress there in the last few years, we're now able to tell in less than a week after the fact in some cases."

"Leave us." I waited until he left the room before taking my seat in the chair next to her bed. With my hand on her flat stomach and my lips next to her ear I made the three of us a promise.

"Nothing like this will ever happen again. I will never allow anyone to harm us again, I stake my life on that."

Chapter 15

My blood ran cold as I listened to the latest tapes my guys had brought me before I'd boarded the plane.

My wife was laying in a coma, bruised and battered as I listened through the headphones, her hand clasped tightly in mine.

'I could give a fuck about your little slut of a daughter, I just want her out of Gideon's life, but since you don't seem to care one way or the other either, I think I'll just go ahead and make it permanent.'

'Kill the little bitch for all I care, she's damaged goods now anyway, she has no reason to live, doesn't serve a purpose anymore, does that answer your question Miss. Halston?'

To say I was pissed would be a vast understatement there was no limit to what I would do to make them pay. My men were already on the hunt but now I had new orders for them. I squeezed her hand in mine reassuring myself that she was here and she was safe from them. If I had to take her everywhere with me for the rest of her fucking life no one would touch her unless they went through me.

I sat next to her hospital bed, her hand in mine as I prayed. I prayed for her, our unborn child, and for forgiveness for what I was about to do.

"Ashley baby please wake up." I kissed her cold lips, my heart hurting. It had been hours and still nothing. The stupid fuck doctor said it was just her body's way of protecting itself whatever the fuck that meant, but I didn't like it. "Come on baby I need to see your pretty eyes." I felt helpless just sitting there doing nothing when I wanted to be out there hunting the fuckers myself. Instead I had to wait for word from my men. I couldn't leave her, wouldn't leave her here like this unprotected even though I had men outside her door. I was afraid to even take my eyes off of her for a second.

How the fuck had I let this happen? How had I not sensed the threat from Lynn? I was so busy focusing on the danger from Sanders that I hadn't given thought to what I might be bringing into her life and it had almost cost her, cost us both. A baby, I can't even get my mind around that, two innocents to protect. I cleared my mind and settled into the chair with my head back. I was suddenly very tired. I needed to shut my mind off for now, there was nothing more I could do tonight except wait for my Blossom to wake up and tell me she was going to be okay.

I felt her fingers twitch in mine and was up and over her in a flash.

"Blossom...come on baby, come back to your Gideon." I kissed her face so she would feel me, so my touch would be the first thing she felt when she came to. She came to slowly, her face scrunching up in pain.

" Gideon? It hurts."

"I know baby, I'll get the doctor." I used the call button instead of running out the door screaming the place down like I wanted to.

"I love you baby, you scared the shit outta me, you with me now?"

"My head hurts, everything hurts."

"No don't move your doctor should be here any minute."

The medical team came in, not just the nurse because I'd made it very clear to the doctor that she was to get the best attention and care. Nothing against nurses, but a young girl in the extreme early stages of pregnancy coming out of a coma needed the attention of a doctor.

The first one that even hinted at me leaving the room while they did their thing got a look that pretty much set the precedent for the others.

No fucking way.

I held her hand as they prodded and poked her studying her eyes and responses. She cried for pain but they could only give her the lightest dosage because of the fetus.

Seeing her in that much pain was one of the hardest things I've ever done. I held my peace though and never once did I let on to the rage that was growing hotter inside me.

When they were done and the last one had left I climbed up on to the bed with her being extra careful not to jostle her. Maneuvering her so that her head was on my chest I sang to her until she fell asleep. She was in too much pain to stay awake and I guess whatever they'd dosed her up with was putting her out. I wanted her to stay awake and talk to me. I needed to hear her voice to hear her laugh. Now that I knew she was okay it seems my mind and my heart let go. I felt the fear I hadn't been aware of engulf me, the fear of never seeing her beautiful face again. Never waking up next to her holding her loving her.

The tear tracks on her cheeks was the last straw, as soon as I was sure she was asleep I placed the call.

"Did you find her yet?"

"We've got her in our sights, just waiting for the right time to move."

"I want both her legs and wrists broken then throw her on the sidewalk outside Sanders' house."

"Breathing?"

"For now yes, I want her to suffer and I want her to know why she's suffering.

"Do we leave a note?"

"No, he'll get the message."

I hung up the phone without an ounce of remorse. The only thing left was Sanders and Starks. I had to get them in a way that wouldn't come back on my wife. I didn't want her name in anyway associated with this, of course there was bound to be hoopla following the whole Lynn thing. She's from a well-to-do family, to be found on the streets bloody and broken wouldn't go unnoticed unless the cop was clever enough to hide her before anyone saw her lying in front of his house.

I wanted to expose her for the monster she was but there was no way to do that without getting Blossom's name involved and that I wouldn't do so I have to find another way. I'm going to totally destroy her before I finish her off. She'd almost killed my wife and my fucking kid I want to look her in the eye while I choke the fucking life out of her.

There were voices outside before the door was gently opened and mom and dad came in. I'd forgotten to call them after asking dad for the information earlier but I should've known they'd show. I figure Ashley could use a mother's touch poor baby so it was good they were here.

"Hi son how is she?" Mom whispered from the door her eyes glued to her new daughter in law.

"Come in mom, dad, thanks for coming...this is my Blossom."

Mom and dad stood next to her bed gazing down at her.

"Oh Gideon, she's beautiful." Mom brushed Blossom's hair gently with her fingers as dad and I looked on.

"Thank you." I smiled my first smile since I'd kissed her goodbye this morning.

"Your sister will be here tomorrow."

"She doesn't have to do that mom."

"Of course she does, we're family that's what family does in times like these."

"Okay mom, thanks." I walked around the bed so I could kiss her in gratitude.

"Mom, dad, there is something you should know...Blossom's pregnant."

"Oh dear, is the baby okay isn't it too soon to tell, or did you...?"

"No mom the doctor says she's just a few days. I thought it was too soon to tell too but he assures me that she is. He says the baby's okay so far but they'll keep monitoring just to be on the safe side."

"Are we happy about the news son?" Dad clapped his hand on my shoulder?

"Yes dad, very happy. I haven't told Blossom yet though. I'm waiting until we're out of the woods then I'll tell her."

"Then congratulations what did the doctors say about her injuries?" Dad went into doctor mode and ended up hunting down her doctor for answers since I was of no help there. I couldn't remember half of what the man had said other than that she was going to be okay.

We spent the next hour and a half hashing out the best course of action when she was released.

Dad wanted to know why she'd been airlifted in the first place if all she had were a few broken bones and I explained that they'd thought her head injury was more severe from the on scene examination. It didn't matter to me, as long as she was getting the best care that's all I really cared about.

"I think Ashley should come stay with us for a couple of weeks, we'll get her a nurse to help out but you have to work and I'm home all day anyway..."

"Thanks mom but no, she's my wife I'll be the one to take care of her, the nurse sounds like a good idea though."

"Whatever works for you son, we're going to go check into the hotel now, we'll be back later, do you need anything?"

"No mom thanks and thanks again for coming."

I watched them leave and checked my watch. I was surprised that I hadn't heard back from my guys as yet. Just as I had the thought my phone vibrated in my pocket.

"Thorpe."

"It's done."

I hung up without saying another word.

And so it begins, there was no going back now. I've started a war with Clifton Sanders. I've taken the fight right to his door, literally.

The next move was his but I had eyes on him, his every move was being documented and his house was still wiretapped.

There was still one more thing I needed to do though. I wanted to make sure all the players pay.

When Blossom finally woke up again she was hungry. That was supposedly a good sign but they kept her on light foods like broth and juice. I wanted to run out and get her the damn burger that she'd never got the chance to have.

She fussed a lot because of the discomfort in her arm and leg, she couldn't move around at her usual speed and she kept banging her arm and her leg into the rail.

"Baby let me do it okay."

I took the spoon from her and fed her her soup.

She wanted to know when we could go home, the doctor had said two days and I wasn't willing to move her before then.

She made such a face when I told her she had to stay that I was tempted to beg the doctor to let her leave. Then she almost had a coronary when I was leaving to go get him.

"Ashley what's wrong?"

"Don't leave me please." She pulled on my shirt, her eyes wide with fright.

" Baby what's going on in that head of yours of course I'm not gonna leave you come 'ere."

I climbed back onto the bed and drew her onto my lap. She curled into me like a baby and my arms drew tighter around her. I could feel the runaway beat of her heart. My baby was scared.

" I don't want them to get me."

"Who baby?" Please God no, don't let her know. I'd always believed that she had no idea what her sick fuck of a father was up to. She hadn't been told about the accident so what was her fear?

"Who Blossom?"

"The monster, he'll get me if you're not here." I was becoming afraid, had she had some kind of psychotic break or something? I tried to play over every conversation we'd ever had to see if there was any clue to what she spoke of. She'd never once let on that she knew her father had anything planned for her so what...?

"Baby what monster? What are you talking about?"

"I can't tell you." She rocked back and forth in my arms as her hold on my shirt tightened.

What the fuck is going on here? She sounded scared out of her mind, now I'm really becoming afraid that the blow to her head had damaged her somehow.

"Tell me Blossom, there's nothing you can't tell me, ever."

"You'll hate me, you'll think I'm dirty." She started crying so hard she almost choked on her tears.

I racked my brain trying to figure out what the hell she could possibly be talking about.

"Baby, I promise I will never think such a thing, ever. You're my baby aren't you? How could I ever think that about my Blossom? I love you more than anything else in this world nothing could ever stop me from loving you, nothing. Now tell me."

I rubbed her back until she calmed somewhat, then through hiccoughing starts and stops she told me a story that made my blood run even colder.

I listened as she told me about the man that had started visiting after she'd had her first period at the age of twelve. I listened to the horror of her being subjected to vaginal inspections by the man and someone she called the doctor. I listened as she spoke of her father standing by while strangers violated her. It was a wonder she had escaped with her virginity or her fucking sanity intact. Heaven only knows why the sick bastard hadn't let them take her back then.

I cried in my soul as she cried herself sick in my arms. Apparently the trauma of the accident had brought back her own personal terror to the forefront.

"Why didn't you tell me this before baby?" I brushed her hair lovingly, holding her hand. Doing anything I could to let her know I was there for her and with her.

"I thought you wouldn't want me if you knew...if you knew that I was bad." Her voice was barely above a whisper, so forlorn, so broken.

"Oh no baby no, you mustn't think like that. You did nothing wrong, it was your father and those men that were bad. Do you know why they were doing that to you?" I held my breath as I awaited her answer, hoping that she was innocent of this at least, that she had no idea. I already had a pretty good idea where this was going and whatever I thought I'd felt before was nothing compared to the black rage that consumed me now.

"The monster was supposed to own me."

Fuck me, no.

Chapter 16

We spent two days in that hospital room together, two days in which I only left her side to take a shower in her private bath. I'd put everything on hold to take care of her, even giving her her sponge baths because I couldn't stand for anyone else to touch her. Always at the back of my mind was the conversation we'd started that night but I was afraid to bring it back up just yet. She was still so fucking fragile. So instead we spent the time talking and kissing, lots of kissing because as Blossom had put it, she needed the practice. It seems as if she'd gone away in her head, not a mental break like I'd believed at first. More like her way of coping with the trauma was to push it aside and not talk about it. I was prepared for the fallout though. I knew it was only a matter of time before it all caught up with her ad when it did. I'll be there to pick up the pieces.

For now we whispered to each other all day, made plans to do the things she liked, places she wanted to see. I had rearranged my whole life in these last two days. My business will have to take a backseat for the foreseeable future because she was now at the top of the list. Until she was one hundred percent better I wasn't about to leave her side and I didn't want anyone else taking care of her either, not even mom unless I was in a bind. I'll see to all her needs myself. How hard can it be? I had no idea.

It started with her baths; they were a trial because it was hard to look at her without touching her. She was banged up and in pain without the meds and I still wanted her. She caught on quick to what was going on whenever I washed her body. I guess the fact I spent five minutes washing her pussy was a dead giveaway. She's such a little tease too and so very responsive to my touch that she'd cum on the washcloth while I held it against her heat. I threatened to stop and let the nurses take over but she pouted and gave me the sulky bottom lip, which I couldn't resist sucking into my mouth. Besides it's the only time she seems relatively happy and like her old self so of course I wouldn't stop.

Bedtime was another trial for me. I'd tease her with my fingers softly and gently until she came keeping her pinned so as not to hurt her poor head. Then I'd slide down between her thighs and eat her to climax again.

After that it seems she would always go off to sleep. That's when I did most of my thinking and planning.

My family had returned home after the first day. I might need them more in the days to come than here in the hospital, so it was decided that they'd go home since I had no intention of leaving her side.

I knew that Lynn was in traction in the hospital. I learned that her attack was being investigated as a mugging, so now the whole city was in an uproar because one of their elite had been supposedly accosted and discarded in such a manner. The only thing missing from the story is that she'd been left outside the Sanders' house. I guess he'd pulled some strings there.

I tried to keep Ashley's whereabouts a secret, but they've gotten out somehow. Probably some over enthusiastic worker who thought they were being helpful. It didn't matter though because she had round-the-clock security even with me being here.

No one was allowed inside her room except the doctors who were known by her security detail.

Today is her last day in here, she'd received the go ahead and her local doctor back home, which she didn't have one, would take over her care. That was first on my list of things to do.

Thinking of that reminded me of the conversation we'd had about her visitors. After she'd dropped her little bombshell she'd gone into hysterics and I'd been forced to cut the conversation short. But that in no way meant we were through, not by a long shot. I wanted to know everything there was to know about these two men shed' spoken of the sooner the better. The monster she'd mentioned was the missing piece to the puzzle. I'd already uncovered the fact that her father had planned to sell her I just never knew who or where.

Today was also the day I'd chosen to tell her about the child she's carrying. I'm not quite sure why I'd chosen to do it here, but somehow I thought it was best to do it while she was still surrounded by doctors.

We were dressed and ready to go. She'd been given her walking papers and the car was waiting to take us to the airfield, now was as good a time as any. I had her sit on my lap while I tried to get my thoughts together. I don't know why it was so hard to get the words out. Will she be happy? Pissed, what? I don't think she realized that what we were doing could lead to this. Her innocence was astounding.

"Blossom, baby there's something I have to tell you." I felt her body tense up under my hand.

"No no baby, it's something good, at least I hope it is?" For fuck sake Gideon just say it. "You're pregnant." I held my breath and waited. She just looked at me as if I'd spoken a foreign language, then she collapsed against me as if all the air had been knocked out of her body.

She started to tremble and shake and scared the fuck outta me. "What's up baby? What's going on? Talk to me." She clutched the lapels of my jacket in fear.

"I'm going to die Gideon, please don't let me die."

My heart clenched in torment, the anguish in her voice...fuck.

"Baby...no you're not, why would you think such a thing?"

"Children kill their mothers."

Fuck you Cliff Sanders, you just earned yourself another moment of torture before I put a bullet through your black fucking heart. There was no doubt in my mind that he was behind this new terror. What the fuck did you do to her you fuck? I calmed my racing heart by taking deep breaths and held her closer because she'd started to shake uncontrollably. The murderous rage will have to wait, revenge will have to wait she needed me now and I hope like fuck I knew how to do this.

"Blossom, baby that's just not true, look at me, you didn't kill your mother."

"I was too happy, you made me happy now I have to die, he was right."

"No baby he wasn't, he lied to you your whole life. Look at me...Ashley look at me." She turned almost dead eyes my way and tore the heart from my chest.

Keep it in check Thorpe, don't lose it now, later yes, but right now she needs you to be rational.

"You did not kill your mother, children do not kill their mothers, if that were true my mother would be dead and so would all the mothers of your classmates. I kept my voice even and light even though it was killing me to just sit there and not run and find his ass and end him for this. Even this he'd stolen from her the fuck.

"But...it's true, it has to be. He said if I was ever happy I would die. I've never been happy before and now I am for the first time and I'm going to die."

Her body was a block of ice but I refused to let her go into shock, which seemed to be where she was headed. How much more could she take? What other bullshit was she carrying around in her head that he'd put there over the years? I'd been so cocky thinking that I could undo the damage he'd done. I had no idea of the true extent of this man's evil. Death was too good for him I needed him to suffer. Death is final, he's not getting off that easy this motherfucker is gonna bleed.

"Baby please I'm begging you, please listen to me. I know you had nothing to do with your mom dying but the proof is at home."

She looked at me disbelievingly. I took a deep breath, what I was about to say was all kinds of fucked up but I had to shake her the fuck out of this fugue she'd gone into. That bastard had done a real good job of convincing her of this bullshit. I'm going to take great pleasure in fucking his shit up.

Any qualms I might've had were vanquished completely by this. He was no longer human to me, not that he'd been much of one to begin with, but this, this was beyond fucked up.

To convince your only child, a young beautiful girl, that if she found happiness in life she would perish that. Just...fuck.

So now I'm left with the unenviable task of trying to shock her out of this way of thinking. I was so not looking forward to this shit but she needed a wakeup call and she needed it quick.

"Do you want to have an abortion?" I wanted to burn off my tongue as soon as the words left my mouth.

She jerked as if I'd punched her.

"What, no, what...Gideon...how could you?" She tried to get off my lap but I held her tight.

"Blossom be calm, I don't want you to have one either but if you believe our child will kill you then there's no way I'm going to let that happen."

"But it's just an innocent baby."

"Not if it's going to kill you." Please let this shit work; please don't let her start thinking of me as the fucking monster.

"But..." She covered herself protectively as tears flowed down her cheeks.

"I don't know what to do, what should I do?" And that's when I knew why I'd chosen to tell her here, why I didn't wait until we were at home.

"Come with me."

I settled her in the electronic chair I'd gotten her to get around in. There was no point in her hobbling around on crutches all the time, this way she could use the chair when she grew tired. I didn't want her over tiring herself anymore than she had to.

We headed to the fifth floor, the nursery and exactly what I expected to happen did. At least I hadn't been wrong in this. I knew her, knew my baby's soft sweet heart he hadn't been able to blacken that. Her whole face lit up when she saw the babies. I knew it would, how could it not? With that heart there was no way she could destroy our child.

All that was left to do was rebuild her from the ground up. The damage was worse than I'd ever imagined but it could be fixed I'd see to it. I leaned over and kissed the top of her head and she got as close to the glass as she could staring from one tiny bundle to the next with a look of wonder on her face. That's my girl.

"You see baby, they're innocent and perfect just like you were."

She grabbed my hand and held on tight.

"I'm scared Gideon." When she looked at me this time, at least there was no longer a look of stark terror in her eyes. She was still scared that much was evident but I was no longer in fear of her slipping into darkness.

"I know baby but I promise, look at me...I promise you that if you believe in me, if you trust me, everything will work out great and in about nine months we're going to have a beautiful baby boy or girl who's going to grow up with both a mother and father who loves them unconditionally."

She looked at me like I had the answer to the secrets of the universe. I'd settle for the secret to how to erase everything he'd done to her.

Chapter 17

I got her settled in a room downstairs for the duration when we got home later that day.

My mom had been busy bustling around getting things in order and dad had already thought to set me up with an agency that provided outpatient service. There would be a nurse coming tomorrow and he'd hooked us up with a good doctor that he knew and trusted. I wasn't sure about the nurse thing anymore but we'll see how Blossom felt.

Right now she's asleep. She's being understandably needy, wanting me near her at all times, which I can totally understand and it's no hardship for me to give her what she wants.

I'm holding her hand as I work tirelessly on the phone to get my business in order for the next few weeks while I devote all my time to her care.

Every once in a while her fingers would twitch in my clasp and she would make little sounds of distress in her sleep. I never took my eyes off of her as I spoke to the necessary people needed to handle things. After her little freak out at the hospital and the subsequent visit to the nursery she seemed to have come to terms with the baby. I haven't really had time to let it sink in everything was coming at me hard and fast but one thing was certain, I'm happy as fuck at the idea. I wouldn't know what the fuck to do with a kid and neither did she but I'm sure we'd figure that shit out.

It took me a little less than three hours on the phone and she was still out. I think her mind needed just as much rest as her body, but she needed to take her medicine before the pain got to be too much so I'd have to wake her up soon.

I eased onto the bed and kissed her lips softly, brushing her hair back from her temple. I whispered her awake. "Wake up sweetheart."

She groaned and creased her brow until her eyes finally opened. That smile at the sight of me always went straight to the gut. "Hi." She lifted her head for my mouth and we shared a kiss before I laid her back against her pillow.

"Time for your pills baby, mom made some soup and sandwiches, how about we have lunch and then you can have your medicine, sounds good?"

"Sure." Her voice was sleep soft and warm, luring me to kiss her again. She felt so soft and cuddly and warm, like I could just hold her like this forever and never get tired. When the kissing threatened to get out of hand I eased off. I'm a fucking animal, here she was battered and bruised and all I could think of was getting inside her damn. She clutched at me trying to pull me over her but I resisted. "No baby I don't want to hurt you we need to get you healed up some first." She pouted and rolled her eyes at me but whatever. I kissed her nose and eased out of her arms.

I made sure she ate and took her meds. We hadn't mentioned the baby again after we came home. I didn't want her freaking out again, not until I had some help for her. I hated the thought of her having to see a shrink but I think she might need it. She was also scared shitless of doctors, something I'd found out in the hospital when she was lucid enough to let her discomfort be known, so I'll have to be with her if we did go that route. Fuck this is too much for me to think about right now. Just get her better and go from there Gideon one thing at a time.

After clearing away our dishes from lunch I got in bed beside her and held her while I turned on the TV for background noise more than anything.

"Baby can I ask you something?"

"What?" She looked at me as her little hand drew patterns on my shirt. I was about to wade into murky waters here but I needed to get this shit taken care of. I'd decided to kill two birds with one stone. Since I'll be taking time off from work I could use the time while she was asleep to plan how to eliminate the fuckers who'd tormented her childhood. But first I needed to know who they were, if they were local or if she even knew who the fuck they were.

"Have you ever seen the doctor and the...monster anywhere else other than your house?"

"Uh uh." Her body was only a little tense so she wasn't going to go back into her fucking head again. At least I hoped not.

"Would you recognize them, if you saw a picture?" She didn't answer for a long time and then...

"Could you get my school bag please?" I figured that was her way of telling me she didn't want to talk about it anymore. I decided to let her have her way for now, but sooner or later we were going to have to go there again.

I brought the heavy backpack over to her. What the fuck were they giving kids to read these days? It felt like she had a ton of bricks in there.

I watched as she struggled one handedly to pull something out of her bag.

"Here let me help you baby."

"I got it." She pulled out a large envelope and passed it to me. She'd handed me a portfolio, I opened it up with a puzzled look on my face until I saw the drawings there.

"Where did you get these?" I had no doubt as to what I was holding in my hands.

"I made them." She was back to sounding scared so I sat next to her and pulled her onto my chest.

The pencil sketches were of two men over time. In the earlier drawings you could see a bit of the fanciful as the person drew them with inhuman aspects, her monster.

As the drawings got better with time, the facial features became more pronounced until every detail was there. Even a mole on the left side of one mans cheek.

You've got to be shitting me, it couldn't be. No wonder Cliffy boy thought he could flounce my words and go after her anyway. This shit had just gone to a whole other level but that won't stop me, it just meant a change of the game plan.

I picked up my secured phone and called Gage my head of security and the only other person I'd trust with this. "Double security, I need you to come in."

She looked at me so scared, like just the fact that the pictures were out in the open could bring her harm.

"Do you know them Gideon?" Fuck me she began to shake. I hugged her as tight as I could without hurting her.

"They'll never come near you again baby, they'll have to go through me first and no way that's gonna happen.

"Why didn't you tell me you were an artist baby?" I tried to change the subject she didn't need to be worrying about this shit right now. It was my turn to do the worrying for her. It took all my control not to leave and go put a bullet in the fucker's head right then and there. But I had a bad feeling in the pit of my gut that there might be more victims out there, this shit was huge. I had to handle this with care from here on out. This wasn't just about some small town cop and some perverted fuck looking to buy a young virgin anymore. These people had the best spin-doctors on their payroll if I showed my hand too soon they might walk, fucking politicians.

Chapter 18

I had security doubled on my place around the clock.

Gage had come in for a briefing and was waiting downstairs for me to come to him. I might have to call in a few markers by the time this mess was over, but it would be worth it. I've been on my secured computer ever since she'd fallen back to sleep trying to find everything I could on the senator and one of the nations' Premier physicians.

Why two men from such pedigreed backgrounds would be involved in something as unethical and downright immoral as this, is beyond my imagination but it takes all kinds.

Funny thing is, the senator is one of the loudest voices in the Senate against child abuse of any kind. He heads committees that fight child labor, he petitioned and fought for stiffer sentences for child molesters. So why the fuck had he been trying to buy my wife and what the fuck was he planning to do with her? Lying fuck, he'd touched her him and the fucking doctor had had their hands on my fucking wife. Hate was too tame a word for what I felt.

A young no doubt terrified little girl had been at the mercy of that deceitful fuck and all the while he's been in the public eye spouting his bullshit lies. Well senator you're fucked, you didn't see me coming you fuck. I find myself with the task of muddling through his background and trying to sift through the public lie and the conspiracy theorist for any nugget, just a little string to pull on.

So far nothing was popping up, no red flags. He came across on paper as just what he wanted the world to believe he was; an upstanding member of society with nothing but accolades and support for his many endeavors.

It turned my stomach to read each word as the young girl he had traumatized laid sleeping in fear not too far away. What were you planning to do with her you fuck? I wanted to punch something but my gym was on another floor and there was no way I was leaving her here alone. I felt like a caged beast about to gnaw my fucking arm off in frustration.

Had it been only a few short weeks ago that I'd seen her for the first time? How could life change so drastically in such a short space of time? And what the fuck else was going to come at me next? I walked over and looked down at her as she slept peacefully I had to go see Gage which meant I had to leave her. I took the monitor with me in case she woke up while I was gone.

Gage was looking out the windows of my home office when I got there. He turned at my entrance and with a nod took a seat across from my desk.

"Do we know as yet how Halston and Sanders paths crossed?"

I've had him doing some digging while we were in the hospital. Though the tapes had revealed much, they hadn't answered that little kernel. Those two didn't move in the same circles and I needed to know everything before I moved. I wasn't about to leave any stone unturned I wanted the names of all the players down to the smallest one.

"She was having you followed. I pieced that little tidbit together from all the surveillance pictures I found in her house of you and Mrs. Thorpe. It looks like it went on for a few weeks at least."

Probably from the first day I broke things off with her, fuck. Why hadn't I thought of that? I should've known that would be her style. She'd been so convinced that there'd been someone else, I should've known she wouldn't just let things go.

"What else did you find?"

"Nothing much, except for these pictures." He dropped a Manila envelope on the desk between us.

Inside were pictures of me outside Ashley's school, the two of us shopping and coming and going from the building. One of the last of the bunch was an excellent shot and could very well be the reason Lynn Halston had lost her mind.

It was a shot of Ashley and I after we got married, the look on my face as I looked down at her. Anyone with eyes could see what was there. Hell I didn't know I was that fucking transparent, but it was all there captured on film. Love, lust, and complete adoration.

I separated that one from all the rest. I wasn't quite sure what direction I was going to take as yet, I just might need these as evidence; but I was sure I wanted to hold on to that particular photo, it captured the essence of what was in my heart for her.

"May I say something sir?"

"Sure, what's on your mind?"

"She's not going to stop, the shit I saw in her place, she's obsessed. If you don't want to spend the rest of your life looking over your shoulder, or cleaning your wife up after she's been attacked by this loon, you'd better act now."

"What did you see in her place?" He pulled a pen from his pocket, hit some keys on his MacBook and with the pen pointed at the screen showed me a slide show of what looked like the inside of Lynn's house.

For the next fifteen minutes I looked at image after image of what appeared to be a shrine to me. There were oversized pictures of me all over the walls in one room, some of just my eyes, me in all different poses. But that's not what scared me, no what made me cold were the pictures of Ashley with her face slashed, or her head removed, purely demented shit.

This shit was way out of control; this was about more than a woman scorned. This was a twisted fuck that had apparently gone off the deep end. I felt like running upstairs and scalding the fuck out of my dick because I'd had the bad sense to go there. Who or what the fuck was this bitch and how had she kept this side of her so well hidden for so long?

I had to put my own personal shit aside and focus on Blossom for now. I couldn't have so many of her enemies on the loose. She would never be safe with these fucks still alive or free.

I took some time to think of my next move, my enemies were piling up by the minute and having that many bodies on your tab will take time and planning. This was in no way an easy decision to make I have to carry this shit out with precision so that there's no way any of it would come back to me. I'd thought to torment her ass for a while for what she'd done, like a game of cat and mouse but she couldn't stay here in the city. Not so close to my wife.

"How can we get her out of the hospital undetected?"

"That's easy, we know the routine there already we just need someone to go in in the wee hours of the morning. That's when the nurses are having their down time; most of the patients are asleep so they're not as alert then. Moving her with her broken legs might pose a problem but it can be done. What did you have in mid sir?"

"I'm thinking Miss. Halston might be going for a long stretch in a secure mental hospital outside the country. One of those nice places that believe in shock treatment and solitary confinement; I'll make the arrangements, just fine tune the details from your end and I'll handle the rest."

"Damn boss that's cold, I would've just broken her neck, but this, this will be never ending torture for someone like her. How long do you plan on leaving her in this place?"

"How long did you say it would be before my wife was safe from her?"

"Uh, never."

I just gave him a look; that should be answer enough.

"Let me just say, I'm glad we're on the same side, your mind scares the shit outta me and I'm supposed to be the muscle in this outfit." I smiled that away.

"Now I just have to figure out what's the deal with the senator and the doc. So far I can't find anything that points to them being involved in anything shady."

"Well those drawings your wife did are spot on so we know it's those fuckers. You check their travel rosters?"

"That was going to be my next step. Also who is the senator's biggest opponent? I'm not much into politics those shysters make dirty business dealings look like child's play I have no stomach for that shit."

"I'll get you a list he's a politician I'm sure he has enemies coming out the woodwork."

"Good man, now let's deal with this psychotic bitch, I want her out of the country by the end of the week." I heard movement on the monitor, which meant she was stirring, time to go.

"My wife's waking up I gotta go. I'll handle my end before end of day. You think you can get something worked out by then?" We both headed out the office.

"It's just the logistics, we've got the manpower just let me tinker with it a little and I'll get back to you."

"Good enough."

I saw him out and went to the kitchen to get my baby a snack, she'll be hungry again by now, plus she needed to keep her strength up we had a baby to feed. Can't think about my kid right now or I'll say fuck it and go on a one-man killing spree.

As I put together a salad and some fruit for her I thought of ways to keep her safe. There was no doubt in my mind that the senator already knew I had her. Sanders would've had to tell him that his sick plans whatever they were were sidelined. They'd want to shut her up, they had no knowledge of the drawings I was sure, but they wouldn't take the chance of her someday recognizing one of them and spilling the beans. I have to think like a criminal, get into their heads so I could stay one step ahead.

If I couldn't figure this shit out the US senate would just be one man short in the not too distant future, as well as the medical community. It would only take an experienced pilot with a parachute to send a plane crashing into the Rockies, or maybe devil's tower.

Shit happens.

Chapter 19

She was awake when I got to the bedroom with her snack. She looked so small and lost it tore at my heart. I knew she was afraid and that more than anything else pissed me the fuck off. She shouldn't have to be afraid.

Her leg and arm will mend, but fear is something that lived inside and was hard to exorcise. She alone knows the terror that she felt at the hands of these people, not even my anger can negate that.

Looking at her brought me to a decision, something I thought I would never do now made perfect sense. I hope to God it was the right thing to do.

"Hey Blossom, after you've eaten, I'd like to talk over some things with you okay?" She nodded her head as she took her salad.

She still had that wary look in her eyes; she was too young for this shit. How had I forgotten that she was this young? She was still weeks away from her eighteenth birthday and I felt guilt pull at me.

I'd gotten a seventeen-year old girl pregnant. The fact that she was my wife didn't do much to alleviate the guilt, the fact that she wasn't the first eighteen year old to get pregnant nor even the fact that it was perfectly legal here didn't help much either. I still felt...wrong somehow, fuck. I watched her as she ate her salad making sure she was eating enough.

"I'm not being a very good wife am I?"

"What? What do you mean?" I took the empty salad plate from her and put it on the night table, passing her the cut up melon.

"Well, I'm supposed to be taking care of you and I haven't, I got sick and you have to take care of me..."

"Baby, first off you didn't just get sick you got hurt, but we'll come back to that later. It's my responsibility to take care of you as much as it's yours to take care of me, never think that way. Do you think I would let you do anything now while you're in this position?"

"But it's wrong...."

"No it's not; get that out of your head right now. I know you don't have a great example of what marriage should be but a real marriage is not about you taking care of our home or me. It's about us loving each other in all ways and taking care of each other. If I was hurt wouldn't you take care of me?"

"Of course, but I'm supposed to, isn't it the woman's place to do those things? I don't think men like to have to do these things." My baby is stuck in the damn stone ages, no doubt this was something she'd learned from her asshole dad in one of his attempts to brainwash her. I almost laughed at the idea of someone telling Tula that shit she'd most likely brain the fuck before she kneed him in the balls. But my Blossom said it in all seriousness.

"Baby, that's just not true, I know where you learned to think like that, but it's wrong. A man who loves his woman will do anything for her and not only when she's sick either. When you love someone as much as I love you little Blossom, there isn't anything you won't do for them. Now put that out of your head I have something more important to ask you okay."

"Okay." She patted the bed next to her indicating that I should join her there.

Being careful of her injuries, I climbed in next to her.

She gave me one of her smiles and melted my heart. Man, who the fuck could hurt this girl? Why would they want to? "I wanted to talk about the baby...how do you feel about being pregnant at your age? Aside from the fear you had about a baby causing your death, we know that's not true right?"

"I'm beginning to yes. I've been dreaming about the baby a lot, sometimes I see my mom and she tells me everything's going to be fine...does that make sense?"

"Yes babe it sounds like she's visiting your dreams to give you comfort." I hugged her shoulder.

"It helps, in the dreams I'm not afraid, I'm happy and excited, but then I wake up and I remember. The old fear is still there though it's not as strong as before."

Thank goodness for that. It's only been a few days and we haven't been talking about the pregnancy but I needed to see where her mind was. I needed her whole all the destruction of her enemies wouldn't do that, only working on her mind could. I just hope she was strong enough to deal with whatever was going on inside her head without breaking.

"So, how do you feel?" I put one hand over the flat of her tummy. It was the first time I'd touched her like that since I'd first told her; my first acknowledgment of my seed in her womb. I looked into her eyes to see if she would freak but she didn't seem to be bothered by the contact, good.

"I don't really understand the question."

"How do you feel, do you think you're too young to have a baby?" She thought about it for a minute before giving me her answer. "Did you know that women used to get married way younger than I am before, and have babies and run households and stuff?"

"Where did you hear that?" Of course I knew it was a historical fact but I wanted to see where she was going with this knowledge and more importantly how she felt about it.

"I read about it before, I liked the way things were back then, it seemed...easier. Even though they didn't have all the things we have back then whenever I read about them it seems like they were happier somehow."

"Do you think those ladies were too young to have to do that?"

"No, I think it was natural, it had to do with a woman's development and what she'd been trained to do I think. I think they believed back then that a girl became a woman physically when she had...you know..." Her face blushed hot and I couldn't hold back my laughter.

"No, I don't know." I laughed harder as her face turned pinker.

She folded her tiny fist and landed one of her butterfly wing punches to my stomach.

"Be careful sweetheart. Okay, okay I'll stop laughing, you're just so cute." I had to steal a kiss after that but was sure to keep it short. My body didn't really understand that she was out of commission for a while yet and my boy was feeling lonely. Poor thing he'd gotten a taste of the best pussy he'd ever had only to be cut off without warning. For that alone I could kill the fucks.

"So you don't mind being pregnant this young?" She shook her head as she settled her hurt wrist in a better position on her pillow.

"Do you mind?" Smart girl my wife.

"A little I think. I'm afraid that you'll be throwing away your youth somehow."

"That's silly Gideon, did you know that historically it's believed that the Virgin Mary was fourteen when she gave birth to Jesus, now I don't know if it's true or not but I read it somewhere."

"Okay, what does that mean?" She could take me for a spin with her conversations how did we get on this?

"Duh, it's simple Gideon, if the mother of the savior of the known world was fourteen, chosen by God himself, why would I think it was wrong to have a baby at eighteen?" Her logic floored me.

"Do you believe in God Ashley?"

"Of course." She looked at me like I'd grown a third eye. "Don't you?"

Shit..."Um...kinda sorta, I know He exists but I can't say that I've spent too much time thinking about Him. Can I ask you a question? How could you believe in Him after all the things that were done to you?"

She looked at me and it was as though a light went on in her eyes.

"I always knew He'd send someone, sometimes I lost hope, but most of the time I believed he'd send someone...and He did."

Jesus...who was this girl? Who the hell could live through that shit and still hold onto that kind of hope?

I wanted to cry when the fullness of what she was saying penetrated. I was her hope, maybe an answer to a prayer. How did that shit work, what was I supposed to do with that?

I'd just seen a beautiful young girl whose beauty cut straight to the heart that first day, she'd seen hope.

Somehow it didn't feel like a burden, it felt like I was the strongest man alive, like I could move mountains. Damn, is this what love did to you? How could something make you feel weak in the knees and strong as a team of oxen at the same time?

She seemed to believe what she was saying to me, not like she was just repeating something she'd heard. That was some potent shit. Was I her knight in shining armor then, was I supposed to slay her dragons?

"You believe He sent me to you?"

"Uh huh, I know it's you, because you're the only person who's ever been really kind to me."

Fuck me, they're done, anyone who touched such innocence had to be pure evil. If I didn't believe it before, I believed it now.

Reaching over to the night table I got something out of the drawer and put it on the bed between us.

"What's that?"

"It's the police report from the night your mother died. It proves that you had nothing to do with your mom dying baby." She started to cry and rock her little body back and forth in my arms.

"Come here baby it's okay, I want you to know these things I don't want you carrying that guilt around anymore."

"What does it say?" She buried her face in my chest.

"Don't you want to read it?" She shook her head no as she cuddled closer. I cleared my throat as I started to repeat what I'd read in the report.

"When the accident first took place and your father was notified he told them she'd gone out to find an all night pharmacy to get you medicine, apparently you were sick..." She flinched and dug in closer.

"I know he already told me..."

"What he didn't tell you is that he was supposed to get your medicine on the way home, but he went out instead with some of his friends and then he forgot to pick it up. You were really sick and your mom got upset and left the house because she didn't want you going any longer without your medicine."

I felt her tears as they soaked my chest, I fought back tears of my own as I imagined the guilt she'd been carrying around all these years, no doubt fed by him. The horror and self-loathing she must've lived with at the thought of being responsible for her mother's death.

"But why does he blame me then? Why does he hate me so much?"

"It's his own guilt he's trying to hide, it was all his fault baby, never yours, you were an innocent child who was sick, whose mother did what any mother would've done. She did it because she loved you more than anything else in the world, but you didn't kill her baby, it was never your fault."

I listened as she cried her little heart out. I'd set the stage, with this knowledge she can start to finally heal from all the years of bullshit he'd fed her.

Next I'm going to help her overcome her other childhood fear, I've decided to let her help me bring down her tormentors. What better way to overcome her fear than to be instrumental in the demise of her monsters? This way she'd feel empowered instead of helpless the way she's always felt, she can take the power back.

It won't be long now. I wanted this shit over with so my Blossom could bloom.

Chapter 20

After her crying jag, I cleaned her up and held her while she calmed down.

"There's something else I want to talk to you about, you can say no if you wish, but I'm hoping you accept my offer, I think it will be good for you, help you get through this."

"If you think it will be good for me, then it will be I trust you."

She squeezed me, her arms wrapped around my middle, head on my chest.

Such faith in me! Where did it come from? How she was able to be around any male of the species without collapsing in abject fear was a miracle because it seemed she'd only ever known the worst of the lot.

I kissed her little head as I held her closer, what I was about to do will take a lot of strength, it wasn't always easy to face your fears, grown men and women hid from theirs for a lifetime. To ask an innocent like my Blossom to do such a thing was not easy on me either, but I wanted her to be strong. I wanted to give her her life back.

"What is it, what do you need me to do?"

"I want you to help me research the men who hurt you. I'm going to bring them to justice for what they did, I can do it myself, but I believe that if you have a part in it it might help you to overcome some of your fear."

I felt her body shake just a little so I rubbed my hands up and down her back offering comfort.

"Do you have any idea how much I love you already little Blossom?"

"A little, I mean you buy me all this stuff, you take good care of me...and you married me."

"It's more than that baby, those are just things, but this...feel my heart." I put her hand over my heart and opened her palm so it laid flat on my chest.

"This is crazy about you, it beats for you now, only you. You've made me happier than I've ever been in my life, more than I ever thought possible for someone like me. And because I love you so much and need you in my life always, I will never let anything happen to you. Do you believe me?"

"I believe you Gideon, and I love you the same. When I dreamed of my knight coming to save me, he was never as perfect as you. You're a thousand times better than any dream and I trust you and we're having a baby and I want to be happy, so yes I'll help you."

"I'm so proud of you baby, thank you." She took a deep breath and lifted her head from my chest.

"When do we start?"

"Soon, just get at least one more day of rest. It's mostly on the computer so you won't even have to move, I'll bring everything in here okay."

"Okay, what should we do now? I'm not sleepy and I don't want to watch TV."

At least she didn't sound too torn up, her way of processing things floored me, it's almost like she filtered and moved on, never letting anything get her down for too long. Fucking amazing, all the same I wish I could just hand her a Kalashnikov and watch her blast the fuckers to kingdom come.

"Do you want to talk some more about the report?" I hope not but if she did I'd live through it.

"No, not right now, I'm tired of crying and hurting and feeling sorry for myself, I'm pitiful."

"No you're not don't say that, you've had a rough time of it baby, no one can blame you if you want to take it easy for a while."

"I have something else in mind." She smiled up at me and I knew I was in trouble.

Oh shit, she rubbed the knee of her casted leg over my semi hard cock. I'd forgotten her playful side, but there's no way I could make love to her this soon. I mean they didn't say we couldn't but, she's so banged up and hurt, like my own little clipped wing bird. I was afraid I would hurt her if we tried anything though my boy didn't have any problem with the idea, greedy fuck.

I tried to head her off at the pass but of course I'd forgotten my Blossom's natural sensuality and what it does to me.

"Baby, we can't, you're so hurt we should wait."

"Okay."

Okay? That's it? That was way too easy, but why was she still caressing me with her knee? Her mouth was saying one thing and her body another. Her fingers were now playing with my nipple through the cotton of my shirt.

"Ashley..."

"I'm not doing anything." My ass; I heard the amusement in her voice and tried not to laugh and encourage her.

"Tease." I eased her onto her back gently and laid between her thighs.

"Let me make you feel better, but then I want you to rest, no argument." I was only going to suck on her little pussy until she came in my mouth and then go take a cold as fuck shower again.

She just smiled her sweet smile at me making my heart do cartwheels in my chest.

I nuzzled her first, taking in her warmth and the sweet scent of her. I pulled her panties, which I'd put on her earlier after I'd bathed her to the side. Her little pussy was all kinds of beautiful and I missed it, missed feeling all that hot silk wrapped around me.

I didn't take the time for a build up, just pushed my tongue inside, loving the way her body burned, the noises she made as I ate at her, nice and slow.

Her tightness held my tongue captive as it moved in and out of her, her fingers combing through my hair, pulling me closer, urging me to go deeper still.

I teased her until she almost pulled my hair out, nibbling and sucking until her body tightened and she came on my tongue.

My cock throbbed and leaked inside my pants. I reached down and released him, giving him some much needed freedom from restraint.

Palming him, I stroked as I licked and sucked her sweet pussy letting her juices flow into my mouth.

"I want to do that." I understood what she meant, my baby wanted to play with my cock. I didn't see the harm in that so I eased away from my feast long enough to arrange our bodies so she could reach me, before going back down on her.

I gave a little start when I felt her wet mouth instead of her fingers as she took me in.

Fuck that felt amazing, so amazing. I started arguing with myself I wanted, no I needed to fuck her, but didn't want to hurt her any more than she already was. I know myself, it had been too long since I'd had her, four days almost but felt more like a lifetime. If I touched her there was no guarantee that I would go easy, but the way she enjoyed sucking me went straight to my cock.

We kept at each other, my pre cum flooding her mouth as my dick grew as hard as it had ever been, my need growing as she continued to cum in my mouth.

I came up for air as I finally gave up the fight.

"I have to take you Ashley, I'll try to go slow, but...I need you."

She opened her legs wider in invitation and I was on her and in her in a heartbeat.

"Fuck me...so good, baby...hang on."

Fuck, I couldn't stop the pounding of my body into hers, my mind said slow and easy, my cock said fuck that.

I was a wild man as I fucked into her sweet tight wetness, her keening moans driving me to the edge and back.

The nails of one hand bit into my back as her teeth clamped down on my chest.

"Fuck Blossom, am I hurting you?" I had to be I'd never fucked her this hard before but I couldn't stop. My hips were moving faster and faster as I tried to bury my cock as deep inside her as it would go and then some.

"No, feels good...don't stop...I want it."

Shit I couldn't have stopped if she'd needed me to my body had taken over and was seeking one thing and one thing only, fulfillment.

Her body inched up the mattress as I continued my assault on her pussy. Those fuck hot noises she made didn't help either, as they each seemed to have a direct line to my dick. Pulling her head back from my chest I sucked her tongue into my mouth as I fucked her. Fuck Gideon easy go easy. But she didn't seem to want me to as she moved wildly beneath me, calling to me. I lifted her leg and went in deeper gritting my teeth against the unbelievable feelings of lust and love that ran through me. "Cum on my cock baby, I need to feel you cum now, now, now." Her pussy tightened around me and I buried my cock deep and held still kissing her mouth hungrily as I emptied myself in her as she came, her body tightening around my cock as she squeezed every drop of cum from me.

I held her to me as we both came down, our bodies wet and sticky in the aftermath of my madness.

"I need to clean you up baby." One last kiss and I tried to pull out.

"No stay." She wrapped her arms around me as I made to leave.

"I like the way it feels, feels...sexy."

I grinned at her blush as I laid down on her again turning us to our sides so I wouldn't crush her.

"That was the best Gideon, thank you." She was thanking me?

"No, thank you Blossom, you were perfect."

We shared a soft kiss that soon became heated our mouths and tongues teasing one another until I wanted to mount her again, but maybe this time I can be less of a beast. We'll see.

"I don't think I'm done with you yet, I'm going to need more."

I pushed my already hardening cock deeper inside her.

Without another word I turned her over onto her back, propped her leg up on pillows, and stroked into her again.

"Do you love your husband babygirl?" I held still inside her.

"Uh huh." That little soft, sweet voice was such a fucking turn on.

I'd eaten her to three orgasms already and she'd been fucked to within an inch of her life, now it was loving time.

"How's my other baby doing?"

"He's safe inside me."

"Good boy." I brushed her hair off her face as I stroked in and out of her gently, her beautiful eyes were shining up at me as she was enjoyed what I did to her.

" I missed being inside you, loving you, having you. Give me your mouth."

Chapter 21

I set up in the bedroom so I could be close to her and she wouldn't have to move around too much.

"I've set up a running program love, cross checking the senator's and the doctor's travel agendas. We're looking for anything that overlaps, even within a few days of each other. Do you understand sweets?"

"I think so yes, the program would find any hits where they're both traveling to the same place at the same time or within days of each other."

"Good girl, now that shouldn't take too long, but if you get tired I'm right here okay?"

I leaned over her small frame and kissed her before sitting at the desk I'd placed next to the bed.

I'd had her not half an hour ago and I wanted her again but her poor little body needed rest. I'd been inside her for most of the afternoon as it is, she'd been just as greedy as I having missed days of loving, but I was afraid of hurting her if we kept that shit up.

It was amazing how having her close to me made me feel light and happy and a million other things I never would have imagined having in my life. I haven't felt the usual stress from my day to day life since I'd found her.

And even though we were dealing with ugliness here I couldn't help but feel joy. Joy that I'd found this amazing person, that she felt for me what I felt for her, and mostly I was just overwhelmed that I'd found her before it was too late. I think if I lived to be a hundred I would spend everyday being grateful for that one thing.

I'd given her the easier of the two jobs we'd be working on today. There was no way I was going to let her do the missing persons reports from the cities those two monsters had visited, and I was sure she would find overlapping flights in her search.

I knew in my gut that she wasn't the only victim, but I was hoping to keep that knowledge away from her if it was at all possible. I don't think her soft heart could take the shit I expected to uncover on my end of things. It got quiet in the room as we both got to work, every once in a while I'd pick my head up to check on her to make sure she wasn't overdoing it.

"There're three this year alone." She sounded surprised that she'd actually found anything.

Her voice and tone pulled me out of my deep concentration as I perused the bank accounts of both men searching for any off shore accounts they might be hiding.

I didn't think they'd meant to keep her for themselves, so what had been their plan? And if there were others what were they doing with these girls? I had a sneaky suspicion but I needed a hell of a lot more than that in order to carry out my plan.

I'd been running my own check on the senator's travel since most of his was more public than the doctor's. It was easy to trace his movements while running a background check for any disappearances.

So far I'd found plenty, especially in the Midwest, funnily enough a lot of his trips there coincided with noted disappearances. What also stood out like a red flag were his habitual visits to Southeast Asia. There were more than twenty trips in the last three years alone. What the fuck was he a Buddhist monk on pilgrimage?

"Show me."

She showed me on the screen three separate occasions where both men had been in the same city at the same time. In two of those cases they had traveled a day or two apart so if you weren't looking for it you would miss it.

"Huh, that's very good baby, you need a break you've been looking at that screen for a while now." And I'm fuck scared that your sharp brain might pick up on something I don't want you to.

"Uh uh, I'm good Gideon." I took the laptop from her and closed it.

"Enough."

I only meant to kiss away her pout but as soon as my lips touched hers she went all soft on me. I pushed everything aside with my lips locked on hers and came down on top of her pressing her body into the mattress. "Get comfortable baby." I helped her move her leg and her arm out of the way and settled between her thighs. "You want me to fuck you now sweet Blossom?" I loved saying things like that to shock her she got the cutest blush that ran from her face to her chest when I did.

"Yes please." Minx; I kissed her because I couldn't help myself and rubbed my cock into her heat.

"You want me to eat your little pussy first huh?" She shook her head no, I was beginning to think well that's a first, but then she shocked the shit out of me. "I wanna suck on you first."

I slid off the bed and out of my clothes before returning to her to pull the dress I'd put on her earlier over her head. It's a good thing I'd nixed the nurse, we couldn't have this much fun if there was a stranger walking around the place.

When we were both naked I straddled her chest so she could reach my already leaking cock. She'd remembered everything I'd taught her, maybe too well. I grabbed fistfuls of her hair as she teased my cockhead with her tongue, licking and sucking on it while fondling my balls in her palm. I thrust as slowly as I could into her mouth not willing to rush her but letting her go at her own pace.

She hummed around my cock and looked up at me. She smiled around my dick before opening her mouth wider and taking me all the way in. "Fuck baby." She took her time doing her breathing the way I'd shown her as she massaged my cock with her throat; A fucking natural. "Sorry baby." I apologized before my hold on her hair tightened and I face fucked my new bride. I started shooting way too fucking soon and had to pull out when she started choking on my volume of cum. I stroked my cock over her tits emptying the rest of my seed all over them.

She watched wide-eyed as I lost control before bending her head and sucking me back in to finish on her tongue. "Merciful fuck Blossom." I dropped like a sack next to her, breathing like air was in short supply while she laughed her ass off. "You've killed me; that's it." She rolled around on the bed laughing so hard there were tears in her eyes.

I grabbed her around her middle and being as careful as I could pulled her up and over to sit on my face. She wasn't laughing when my tongue entered her pussy, now she cooed as she rocked back and forth on my mouth. Fuck I could eat her pussy all day it was that good. I worked her on and off my tongue, licking, sucking, biting, and growling. I was a maniac. "Cum in my mouth baby."

"What?" Shit she couldn't hear me I had a mouth full of pussy and I didn't want to stop eating long enough to tell her again so I just made sure she did. As soon as she started to shake I lifted her off my tongue and down my body seating her on my cock. Hard. She yelped and fell forward onto my chest but I was too far-gone to stop. "You hurt?" She shook her head no and that was good enough for me. With my hands holding her hips in a tight grip I fucked up into her pulling her down hard onto my upward thrusts.

"Gideon..."

"I know let it happen baby." I never stopped fucking while her pussy had a choke hold on my cock but I wanted more. "Fuck this." I pushed her over onto her back remembering her broken state in time not to hurt her. With her casted leg over my arm I planted my other hand next to her head and plowed into her pussy over and over again until the tingles in my spine warned me I was about to cum. "Cum." I ground my pelvis into her clit to help her out and she was right there with me.

Damn I almost killed us both that time.

After cleaning us both up and getting her some juice it was time to get back to work. I kissed the top of her head once more before going back to what I'd been doing before she distracted me.

She found four more connections in the next hour. The more she found the more nervous I became that this thing was bigger than even I could've imagined.

I started seeing crazy patterns that led to an even more disturbing trend if that were possible.

Had we not been using highly untraceable computer software I would've stopped after the first two hours. As it was I wanted to stop her before we went any farther; but I knew I couldn't do that. It might raise more questions if I did.

I'm going to have to wait until she took her nap to look into where my suspicions were leading me. I almost regretted getting her involved; this was bigger than her father and his evil. This was beyond the terrorizing of a young girl who had been reared for whatever sick, sinister purpose these three had been harboring. Where my mind and the research were leading was to an evil so profound only the very evil could've come up with this shit.

I fed her lunch and her meds before putting her to sleep. I laid in the bed with her head on my chest until her breathing evened in slumber. She'd had a long day and fucking her like rodeo bull hadn't helped I'm sure but damn she makes me hard. Even now after only having had her a few short hours ago I wanted her again. It seems I will always want her. She was being so strong doing this when I knew it couldn't be easy for her.

"My brave girl, I'm glad I found you in time."

With one last soft kiss to her forehead I eased out from under her and retreated to my study.

I automatically turned on the monitor for the master bedroom so I could keep an eye on her in case she awakened and needed me. I had no doubt that the subject matter I was about to uncover would break her heart, how could it not? She'd lived this nightmare she knew better than I what these monsters were capable of.

I just hope I don't live to regret getting her involved in this. In the beginning the thought of her having a hand in bringing about the demise of her tormentors seemed like the best thing, but with where this thing was going, I was afraid she'd have more heartache before we were through.

What I expected to find I wasn't sure, I just had the feeling that wherever these two had been together, there might be something. The something I was finding was leading me to believe that either my wife had been a very lucky girl, or there was more than one thing going on here.

Right before my eyes a pattern started to unfold. Wherever senator Thompson and Dr. Seals have been together there have been a disappearance and Amber alerts within hours or a day or two after their arrivals.

In most cases the disappearances were of little girls. There didn't seem to be a set type to the victims other than that they were all between the ages of three and ten.

The implications made me sick to my fucking stomach, but before I went off half cocked and offed the fuckers I needed more information. This was going to take all my resources. I'm going to need every man on my security team on this because if what I suspected was true, we were in way over our heads. I picked up the phone to start the ball rolling.

"Gage, I need you to bring in as much of the team as you can. Leave the men on Sanders, Starks, the Senator and the doctor, but everyone else is needed. Don't worry about Halston that's already being taken care of.

I'll meet you in the underground office at oh six hundred, no one is to say anything. I want only those men you know you can trust completely in on this."

"What's going on boss?"

"Some sick shit it looks like, even worst than we suspected and that's pretty fucked up to begin with."

"You on the secured?"

"Yep."

"Wanna give me a heads up at least?"

I took a long time to answer, it was one thing to suspect someone of something and quite another to actually accuse. What the fuck, what they'd done to my Blossom revoked all their rights as human beings fuck them.

"I think these fucks have been stealing children from the U.S. and selling them. Mostly in Southeast Asia, you know what that sounds like right?"

"Fuck!"

"Yeah, forget trials, they're done."

"You were gonna end them anyway boss we both know that. I'll be there at six; you do know that if this is true your bride might be in even more danger right?"

"Yeah, but the fucks and whoever they send will have to get through me first. I need to get the latest tapes from Sanders' house I need to know what he knows, or what he's been saying lately. Then I'll go from there, but if they get too close take the shot, tell your men that's first and foremost. I'll deal with the fall out but if these fucks or any of their goons come sniffing around here I want them taken out."

I hung up the phone knowing that I'd just given the order to take the life of a United States senator. I give less than a dry fuck. I couldn't find any remorse in myself for the action. If they came after her then they'd die. Whether by my hand or one of the men I paid I'd deal with it, but they weren't ever getting near her again.

Chapter 22

I met with the guys in the underground office I'd had set up for highly sensitive meetings like this.

Gage, Dmitri, Stefan and Maurice sat across from me going over the printouts I'd made for them of what I'd found so far.

"Are you fucking shitting me?" Maurice was out of his seat in a fighter's stance, fists folded, ready for action; ever the hot head.

"What I don't understand is why Southeast Asia? Don't they usually just exploit their own kids?" Stefan threw down his copy in disgust.

"I think there's more going on here we have to keep digging because this shit doesn't make any sense. It's like Stefan said, that region is known for its fucked up perversions against kids, but why would these two assholes be selling American kids over there?"

"So what do you think Dmitri, any ideas?" I too had wondered about that, it didn't exactly make sense but I couldn't figure out the missing link. I kept an eye on the monitor on my desk where I could see Ashley still asleep. Surrounded by all this ugliness, all I wanted to do was wrap her up in cotton and keep her safe.

I hated that they had been anywhere near her, that they'd had their filthy hands on her.

The fact that her father had been the one to bring them into her life made me want to disembowel the bastard instead of just shooting his ass.

"I don't know boss but whatever this is it's not good."

"What have we got from the Sanders house Gage?"

"Nothing much of interest to this, he's been kind of quiet since Halston was left in his front yard."

"I think I need to pay him a visit, he might have some answers as to what the fuck is going on here."

"I'm thinking we kill all these fucks and be done with it."

"Maurice if we did that then we'll never know what's going on here. There has to be more people involved, if you look at the printouts you'll see a pattern, let's put these together and see what we come up with."

I'd known the men would have to blow off some steam before we got down to business, this mess would put even the staunchest person over the edge.

"When do you want to hit the cop?" Gage looked ready for action as usual.

"Not before we come up with some kind of idea as to what the hell we're dealing with here."

"Let's get to it then this shit is leaving a bad taste in my mouth." Maurice dropped back into his seat.

Half an hour later while we were buried in ugliness Ashley started tossing and turning on the screen. I hit the off switch.

"Be right back guys."

She was sitting up by the time I got there looking rumpled and just a little lost.

"Hey babygirl had a nice nap?"

"Uh huh, I'm hungry." She rubbed her eyes like a toddler.

Shit, how the hell had I let time get away from me? I hadn't made her anything; thankfully mom had prepared meals and stocked the freezer.

"What'll it be love, we have..."

"Pizza."

"You want pizza?"

She gave me the biggest grin and I was reminded that the tyrant had forbidden her fast food, so pizza, although not ideal while she was recovering would be a treat for her, there's no way I was going to deny her.

"Pizza it is, what do you want on it?"

Her face scrunched up as though she didn't quite know how to answer.

"How about everything?" I ruffled her hair.

"Okay sounds good."

I lifted the phone and placed an order for five extra-large pies, which made her eyes pop out of her head, which in turn made me grin.

"Five pizzas?" She squealed after I hung up.

"My security team is downstairs."

"Is something wrong?" Instant fear.

Will there ever be a time when she didn't show fear? When her first instinct wasn't danger? I know it's too soon, we've only just begun although it feels like we've known each other a lifetime. I hate every moment of insecurity she feels, it's like a stake through the heart.

Sitting next to her on the bed I brought her head to my shoulder while my hand went to her flat stomach where my son or daughter laid; an innocent just as she'd been.

I needed to make our world just a little safer for my child and I needed most of all to erase that fear and apprehension from my loves' eyes.

"There's nothing wrong, they're just going over the stuff we found earlier that's all.

"Did you figure it out yet?"

"Not quite baby but we'll get it eventually."

"Maybe..." Her body trembled slightly as she broke off what she'd been about to say.

"Maybe what hon?" I kissed her softly in reassurance.

She shrugged before answering me under her breath. "Perhaps my father might know something, I mean he knew them right, he must know what they were planning to do with me."

"I'm way ahead of you babe, we're going to question your father later but we need more first."

I still wasn't telling her about the younger kids who'd been abducted. First because we needed concrete evidence that the two fuckers were involved though everything pointed to that fact already, and most importantly, I wasn't sure how she'd react to the news and with her pregnancy so new and already threatened I didn't want to take the chance.

"I don't want you thinking about this anymore for today okay, you just rest."

"But you said I could help."

"And you have love, and tomorrow I'll think of something else you can do to help, but no more today."

There's no way I'm going to have her in a room full of men, not while she was looking all vulnerable and sweet and...fuck I'm an ass. I didn't want anyone else near her, wasn't willing to share her just yet if ever and I didn't want to leave her up here on the computer where she might run across something by mistake.

I couldn't distract her the best way I knew how, not with a roomful of men downstairs waiting for me, neither was I too thrilled about leaving her up here awake.

"I'll tell you what babe, how about you watch some movies and have your pizza while I finish up with the guys and then I'll come up and..." I whispered just what I wanted to do to her in her ear.

Her face grew beet red and she clapped her hand over my mouth as if I was in danger of being overheard.

"Gideon..." She was blushing and chastising me but I noticed her breath was already short and her nipples were pebbled.

"The hell with it." I had her under me, still being careful of her injuries as I kissed the hell out of her. The ringing of the intercom from the doorman brought me back to reality.

"Fuck...you're dangerous little Blossom, you made me forget we're not alone, now be a good girl and give me a couple hours okay?"

She nodded her head and bit her lip, which made my cock twitch. I turned away before I lost my fucking head and took her guests or not. I took care of the pizza delivery and saw that she set up. Just as I was about to head back down to the office my phone went off in my pocket.

It was one of the guys I had on Lynn. She was supposed to be moved in a few days and I planned it so that everything went off without a hitch. I didn't want any trails, there was to be no escape for her ever.

"What's up Skinner?"

"She called a hit."

"She what?" What the fuck? I looked over at my wife who was too busy enjoying her pizza to pay me too much attention.

"Not to worry we took the call, her line goes directly to our switchboard."

"Who?"

"Your misses."

Was this bitch psychotic? She was putting another hit out on Ashley? She was laid up in the hospital and already she was back to her shit, fine.

"Move to plan B."

"Yes boss."

Chapter 23

With this new development although it was likely impossible that anyone could bypass the safeguards I had in place, I was not about to leave Blossom's side. I called down and had a private talk with Gage who assured me that they could handle things without me for now. I told him to send one of the guys up for the pizza and hung up.

I didn't share any of this with Blossom as I joined her in the bed for pizza but my ears were pricked for the phone call I was expecting. It shouldn't take long to introduce air into an IV needle and kill that evil bitch. So much for trying to be merciful, these people had none and I was fast finding that when it came to Ashley, neither did I.

"You're tense again Gideon what's wrong?"

"Not to worry sweetheart, eat your pizza." She bit into the hot gooey cheese eyes closed a humming noise coming from her throat. Damn, how could one so young and innocent be so effortlessly sensual?

Her every move made me rampant, like an untried youth with his first woman. She was hardly through chewing before I was stealing a kiss. Pizza forgotten we attacked each other's mouths like starving hounds.

Making sure she was comfortable I crawled between her thighs and with her head in my hand plundered her mouth. She was always ready for me, even now when she was hungry for food. There was no, not now Gideon, just total acceptance. And more than that, she was with me all the way, a full participant. That kind of acceptance was intoxicating, made me want to be in her all the fucking time.

"How badly do you need that pizza?" I nibbled her ear as I ground my thickness against her, letting her feel my need. "Later, I'll eat later, kiss me."

I was only too happy to comply. Her sweetness went to my head making me lose my hold on sanity. All I could think of was getting inside her, having her, owning her.

Our loving was soft and sweet, no rush to the finish. I poured all the love and devotion I felt for her into my every touch, my every whisper. And for those moments in time it was just us, me, my wife, and the miracle that was our love. She refused to release me from her clutches after I emptied my seed inside her and I was only too happy to stay right where I was; buried to the hilt.

The ringing of my phone had me jack knifing off the bed after giving her a quick kiss and pulling out.

"Thorpe."

"Your wife is safe."

"Good."

I hung up the phone there was nothing else that needed to be said. Now I needed to pay Sanders a visit to gain some insight into whatever sick shit the senator was into.

I was no longer worried about going too far, my conscience was clear. I'm no vigilante but I understand the concept of doing whatever it took to keep your loved ones safe.

Blossom had fallen asleep in the short time I'd been on the phone so I pulled the covers up around her shoulders before going back to work on the computer. I guess that last round had knocked her out.

Picking up the phone I called Gage once more to make plans for my visit to Sanders. I will have to put that off for tomorrow. The new threat to Ashley was still too fresh and I didn't feel comfortable letting her out of my sight even though Lynn had been eliminated.

I didn't feel one ounce of remorse for her demise. I might regret slightly the fact that I hadn't been the one to end her, that I hadn't been able to look her in the eye as I took her life, vicious bitch.

I guess I could have the kid she'd used to hurt Ashley released, I'm sure he wouldn't be any trouble. The beating he'd sustained should help him see the error of his ways, dumb fuck.

It didn't escape my notice that we'd been robbed of a honeymoon. When this was all over I was going to see to it that she got that. Starting with a wedding that she could be proud of, I'll have to get mom on the ball for that one; just as soon as I cleaned up the mess that was cluttering up my fucking life.

Blossom slept peacefully that night as I kept watch over her. As long as her enemies were still alive and free I don't think I'd sleep comfortably again. Obviously the senator had been grooming her for something I didn't see him just giving up this easily.

Who knows how much money he'd invested in this thing or what the hell her virginity had to do with it? I had no doubt that that's what all the physicals had been about, not to mention the way her father had raised her.

It's almost as if he'd been rearing her for just the purpose of selling off her virginity; that alone was cause for me to break his fucking neck.

There were no reports from the guys on his house, no red flags, but who knows, the sick fuck could be communicating with the senator in other ways. I still had yet to decide what I wanted to do with the senator and the doctor. Full exposure, which might mean getting Blossom involved or just death; either way they were both gonna die.

A man with the senator's power would have a long reach. It might take years to bring him down and there was no guarantee that he didn't have safe guards in place to cover his ass. So I had to think long and hard about where I wanted to go with this exposure thing. I had no qualms about finishing off a piece of shit child molesting bastard and his sidekick. I just needed to find all or as many of their victims as I could before making that move.

This was turning into more than I'd expected or planned for, but I knew my wife would want us to help the other victims. For her I would leave no stone unturned. I already had a growing list of missing children and corresponding flights to Southeast Asia, which told me these particular kids had been taken there. All I had to do was pick up the trail over there and find them and return them to their homes if possible.

The thing is, they'd been doing this shit for a very long time some of these kids will be adults by now, if they were still alive.

One way or the other, whether I ended these monsters or brought them to justice first I'm going to find a way expose them to the world for what they are. I just have to figure out how to do it without her name ever coming up.

Chapter 24

I asked my parents to come sit with Ashley, there's no way I'd leave her on her own, not even with topnotch security in place. I had to let my father in on a little of what was going on. To say he was displeased would be a great understatement. Not only because of the horror that I shared with him, but because this was his daughter-in-law.

If there's one thing you can be sure of with us Thorpe men, it's the fact that we hold our women in the highest regard, we don't take any slight or infraction against them lightly.

Mom was kept in the dark, all she knew was that I had something of great importance to attend to and didn't want to leave my young injured wife unattended. I had no idea how long my little chat with the asshole would take but I wanted to give myself as much leeway as possible. This way I was sure that Blossom would be in good hands.

Mom was all excited to be spending time with her new daughter seeing as how I'd been hogging her this whole time her words not mine.

"Oh Gideon have you heard, Lynn passed away, some kind of freak occurrence. She apparently got an air bubble or something and died, can you believe it, what a shame such a young woman and with so much potential.

The look dad sent my way told me he had put some things together from what little I'd divulged and was coming up with some pretty accurate answers. I just gave him a slight nod to acknowledge him and kept my mouth shut.

"Blossom's still asleep, I wrote down the instructions for her medicine. She needs to eat as soon as she wakes up. Don't let her do too much mom no matter what she says, I'd prefer it if she stayed in bed for at least another day. You guys can shop online or watch one of the hundred movies I got her. No heavy discussions I don't want her to worry about anything until she's back on her feet."

"Gideon good grief I'm a mother, I've taken care of a sick person before. I promise not to have your Ashley running a marathon while you're away. Now give me your list of instructions and be gone with you." Dad laughed at her put upon attitude.

"Thanks mom." I kissed her brow before heading back to the bedroom to kiss my babies goodbye.

"I'll be back soon baby, be good for mom okay." I kissed her before kissing her tummy. "Bye baby Thorpe. Take care of mommy for me while daddy's gone."

Gage had thought it might be better not to use one of my warehouses for this particular meeting. Somehow he seemed to think things might get out of hand so he'd found an out-of-the-way place in which to conduct our business.

We had to be very meticulous, it wasn't exactly the easiest thing snatching a city official off the streets and spiriting him away. First we had to time it so he wouldn't be missed, his day off would've been ideal but I didn't want to wait the few extra days until then. I wanted this thing over and done with so I didn't feel like my wife was going through life with a big target on her back.

It helped that Sanders was known for his disappearing acts even in the middle of a shift. We played around with the idea of luring him out on a false call but that would leave too much of a trail not to mention the call would be documented and when he didn't return or call back in, someone would most likely be dispatched as back up.

We took him in the parking lot of the local diner. How my man broke into an official law enforcement vehicle and hid in the backseat was anybody's guess. The fact that there was no guard up between seats made it easy for the assailant to then place a syringe under the chief's chin and give him orders to drive to the abandoned warehouse.

I'm not sure how smoothly or not that whole process went since I was already waiting at the warehouse with some very pissed off men. If I'd foreseen any trouble with taking care of him myself, I had a line of bodies ready willing and able to do the job.

I watched as my man walked him towards the building. Sanders didn't look too good, in fact for someone into the kind of shit he dealt with he looked downright scared. It didn't help his case that the mere sight of him had me wanting to taste his blood in my throat. If I didn't need the information to help locate what I was beginning to suspect could be hundreds of missing children I would just end him, but that would be purely selfish.

I waited in the middle of the room for him, hands clasped behind my back, business suit on, stern countenance. I wanted to put fear in his heart and it's been my experience that most people were intimidated by me in this guise. His steps faltered when he first caught sight of me but then his bravado kicked in and he tried to play it off.

"What do you want Thorpe? You've already taken my only child away from me..."

"Shut up, don't even mention her name you fuck, sit down." He was pushed into the only chair in the room. Intimidation one o one, always tower over your enemy.

"Do you know why you're here?" I unbuttoned my suit jacket and placed my hands on my hips.

"Of course not how could I?" He kept looking around at the men in the room.

"Fine, my wife has brought certain things to my attention, things that you and a certain senator and a very well-known prominent doctor have subjected her to." I saw the flash of anger quickly tempered by fear that flitted across his face.

"I don't know what you're talking about, she's lying."

"Stop, before you say another word, know that I believe her all the way and if you fucking call her a liar again or say anything against her, I'll make sure you never fucking walk again. Do we understand each other?"

One of the men walked over and put his hand on Sanders' shoulder making him tense up. His legs started to shake as he played with his hands nervously, sure signs of fear.

"I want to know what he's doing."

"I don't..." I didn't let him finish the lie but clocked him across the face causing blood to fly from his busted lip. He righted himself before he fell out of the chair.

"I can do this all day."

"You can't do this, I'm a cop." He felt his tender lip while scowling around the room, his eyes running from one to the other. Gage, Maurice and Stefan were standing back against the wall while the beefy muscle flanked Sanders.

"Are you stupid, what the fuck did I just do? Now are you going to tell me what the fuck I want to know?"

"You can't make me tell you anything and what's to stop me talking once I leave here?"

"Go ahead I would love to explain to the district attorney just how you came to be here."

"I don't take kindly to being threatened."

"I could give two fucks what you like or don't like, what I do care about is what you did to my wife, now I want to know what they're doing."

"I don't think I'll be telling you anything." He sneered at me; I guess he thought I was pissing in the wind.

"Fine, you can take that knowledge to the grave with you, I'll figure it out some other way."

"What do you mean take it to my grave?"

"Well, if you're not going to talk you're not serving any purpose, I might as well end you here and now."

"You're bluffing."

"Suit yourself." I pulled my suit jacket back and reached into my back for my piece. His eyes widened in fear as I took the safety off and aimed it at his head and I swear he pissed himself.

I didn't even blink as he held up his hands in surrender.

"Okay, okay I'll tell you what I know."

"Go ahead."

Chapter 25

He fidgeted around in his chair for a bit before answering me, I knew the bastard was stalling for time but his had run out along with my fucking patience.

"Don't have all day here Sanders, either talk or let's end this."

"Do you understand that these people would kill me if they found out I talked to you?"

"Do you understand that I'll kill you if you don't? At least with them you might get to live another day, who knows? If you're that afraid of them, of their retribution you might even have time to make a run for it. With me you won't make it out of this room with your life, now start talking."

"What do you want to know?"

"Everything you do but start with my wife; why the fuck were they visiting her since early childhood? What did they have planned for her?" The fear poured off of him in waves, he started sweating profusely as his legs shook even harder. I braced myself for whatever he was going to say next, I'd pretty much drawn my own conclusions so far, but there were just some things that weren't adding up for me and I needed answers.

"You have to understand I was in a very bad place when this all started." He looked around as though seeking understanding, no one so much as blinked.

"Get on with it."

"Yes, but I need you to understand that I would never have gotten involved with these people otherwise. I mean I'd just lost my beautiful wife and I..."

"Cut the crap Sanders, the night your wife died you were fucking a cocktail waitress at the bar you frequented with your buddies. Now tell me what the fuck I want to know before my patience grows thin."

"How did you...?"

"Never mind how I know, I know plenty. What I don't know and you're going to tell me, is what the fuck you planned to do with my wife."

"What's in it for me?"

"Breath."

He swallowed hard then the fuck; yeah I'm glad you're finally getting it asshole.

"They were going to buy her." His shaking got so hard the chair rattled against the concrete floor.

"I know that much." He started that fidgeting shit again, although I knew that much already hearing him say it out loud still bothered the fuck out of me. He was talking about my wife, a human being that he was going to sell like cattle. It wasn't lost on me that he'd said 'they were going to buy her' as opposed to 'I was selling her. He could try to absolve himself of guilt all he wanted he was still a fucking monster.

"Spit it out Sanders, what was the purpose of you selling your own flesh and blood?"

"For a sacrifice."

I stumbled back at his words, I don't know what I'd expected, but that wasn't it.

Realistically I knew that I'd saved her that she was home in our home safe and protected but my heart went somewhere else. I pulled my phone and walked away even as my men murmured among each other. I felt the shift in the room, I'm sure Sanders did too.

"Hi sweetheart what're you doing?" I had to clear my throat of the fucking horror. Stay solid Gideon she must never know of anything that went on here today. At least she'd been spared this, she never knew what they had in store for her, so don't give anything away, nice and smooth.

"I'm watching Steel magnolias with your mom." She sniffled or at least it sounded like it.

"Hey are you crying?" My heart started pounding in my chest and I started charting a map in my head of the fastest route home.

"It's just so sad." I closed my eyes as my pulse calmed down a little.

"Baby if it's making you cry just turn it off."

"No no it's okay I'm fine I promise."

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure, when are you coming home I miss you." Straight to the fucking gut.

I looked at her piece of shit sperm donor as I answered her. "I'll be home soon sweet Blossom, soon as I finish here. Give me a kiss." We exchanged smooches, I love you and goodbyes, and I could give a fuck that six grown men were in the room with me right now. Sanders didn't count, fucking insect.

"Carry on." I walked back over to him. I noticed that my men were no longer on the wall but getting closer. Emotions were running high; you could cut the tension in the room with a knife.

"What? That's it."

"That's it? That's it you fucking bastard?" It was only as Gage was pulling me away that I realized I was choking the fuck out of him. He fell to the floor retching and clutching at his throat.

"Get up you piece a shit."

"Easy boss easy."

"I'm cool brother, just give me a minute." I walked it off, I had a feeling I was going to be pissed a hell of a lot more by the time this fucker was through telling his tale. Sick fucks.

"What do you mean as a sacrifice, what kind of sacrifice, sacrifice for what?" I was back in control but barely. The sick feeling in the pit of my stomach just kept growing the more I stood there looking down at him, knowing what he'd done to her.

"I don't know how they do it okay I just know they promised me that if I sacrificed her life I'd get my wife back. All I had to do was wait until she turned eighteen and keep her pure."

"And you believed that shit?" What the fuck?

"I already said my head wasn't straight back then." He kept eyeing me as if he expected me to come after him again which I very well might if he didn't start making some fucking sense.

"And what were they getting out of this deal or were they just doing it out of the kindness of their hearts?"

"I can't talk about that." I didn't even bother talking to this fuck. I just pulled my piece and blew his kneecap out. The sound was loud and harsh in the abandoned building, his screams more so.

"Fuuuuck, how am I going to explain this?" That was his first thought after the agony abated a little bit. Total sociopath. The thought of my blossom at the mercy of this man was almost too much for me to bear. How the fuck had she survived?

"What was their part of the deal?" I was past caring now, this asshole was getting closer and closer to death.

"I didn't know, I swear I didn't know when they approached me, I only found out later."

"What?"

"They made a deal with the dark side."

"Come again?"

"They believe that if they sacrifice a virgin on her eighteenth birthday that it will gain them certain powers and wealth."

"What the fuck, is this thirteenth century Europe? What the fuck are you talking about?"

"I'm telling you..."

"Wait wait wait." I held up my hand. "You're telling me that a United States senator is involved in a cult, in some sort of dark craft?"

"That's what I found out, by that time it was too late I'd already gone too far to turn back. Please you've got to get me some help I'm going to bleed to death here." He clutched at his fucked up knee.

"Just one more thing, what about the kids, the babies and toddlers they've been snatching off the streets of America?"

"Oh, you know about that huh, that's another branch of the organization."

"Come again?"

"I don't know too much about that side of things, I started digging but then I stopped, I only found out that they uh, you know."

"No I don't know why don't you tell me?"

"It's like this some of them are sold into brothels or to individuals all over the world. But I found out that some of them are handpicked and that's when I had to stop. I was getting too close, strange men started showing up in town and I knew it had to be because of my digging only thing is I was doing it secretly so I don't think they ever figured out it was me doing it."

"What do you mean handpicked?"

He took a deep breath and touched his wounded knee gingerly, I didn't even tie it off to stop the flow of blood, let the fuck bleed to death for all I care.

"I mean that some people go shopping for pets and some go shopping for humans and according to their taste it could be man woman or child."

"What the fuck are you saying?"

"I'm saying that if you have the money and you see little Susie or Jimmy riding their tricycle on the sidewalk and you want them, all you need is a picture, the general area or location of the home and someone will acquire them for you for a price. From what I gathered the senator and the doc liked to oversee those special acquisitions themselves if the price was right."

I think I'm going to be sick to my fucking stomach. "Is that it, anything else, do you know times and names, places?"

"A few but my information is old, I stopped like ten years ago."

"I want everything you've got, where is it?"

"Fine, then can I go to the hospital?"

"Sure where is the information?"

"It's at my house but you can't find it. Can I go get this looked at now?"

"Give me a minute, I'm trying to figure out if I should let you live or just sever you limb from limb and feed you to the fucking wolves."

He started laughing like he'd just heard the funniest thing in his life.

"What's so fucking funny?"

"That's rich, that's how I got mixed up with these guys in the first place."

"What the hell are you talking about now?"

"Keith, he introduced me to them, he made some kind of deal and now he can turn into a wolf whenever he wants, it's the freakiest fucking shit you've ever seen."

Okay now I'm in the fucking twilight zone. "Are you kidding me Sanders?" I looked at my men who were all looking at him like they each wanted a piece.

"I wish I was but I have evidence, I videotaped him once when he didn't know. I've been holding it as insurance just in case you know, now with you grabbing that...your wife." He spat the word out and I thought; why don't I just kill the fuck and be done with it?

"Now that you've soiled her I'm not sure what my life is worth."

"I hope they gut you and leave you in the desert somewhere for the wild animals to pick over your carcass. Get your own ass to the hospital. Gage, search this fucker's house; make sure you find everything there is to find on this shit. I find out you're holding out on me Sanders I'm coming back and when I leave you won't be breathing. You're only alive because of her, isn't that ironic? I know if I kill you it'll hurt her and I'll never hurt her. Not even to rid the world of a piece a shit like you. But if you ever in your life cross my path again I'll end you. Oh and by the way she's happy, she doesn't even talk about you you're nothing but a distant memory. If you survive them, one day when you least expect it, when enough time has passed and she's forgotten that you ever existed I'm going to kill you."

I left the building with my men trailing behind me.

"How am I supposed to drive with this fucked up knee?"

I didn't even bother to answer fuck him.

Chapter 26

I'm sure my wife was wondering if I'd lost my damn mind, but for the rest of that day after I returned home I stuck to her like glue. My parents were gone and my guys were turning the Sanders residence upside down looking for anything they could find that would help in our quest to find and return those poor unfortunate kids who had fallen into the clutches of these demons.

We all agreed that time was of the essence, most of the victims had been gone for years already but that didn't mean it was too late, or at least that's what we were hoping.

"Is everything alright Gideon?"

"Yeah baby why?"

"Well, you've been acting strange since you got home."

All I could do is look at her beautiful face and just enjoy the fact that she was here and safe and mine.

"I missed you that's all."

Her face broke into one of her amazing smiles and my heart felt full and warm. She'd come so close, every time I thought of it my blood ran cold. She'd come so close to being destroyed, I would've never have gotten to know her, her beauty, her warmth. What would my life be like without that? In the short time that we've known each other she's come to mean so much, she'd become everything. I picked her up from the bed and sat her on my lap so full of love for her at that moment.

"What would you like to do today? You've been cooped up for days now, would you like to go out somewhere babygirl?" I held my breath as I awaited her answer.

"No I don't think so, not until we have figured everything out at least, maybe I can sit out on the balcony though that would be nice." Thank heaven for that, I wasn't sure how I would've survived an excursion, but the thought of her being afraid didn't sit well with me either.

"Are you afraid baby?"

"No, because you won't let them hurt me."

"That's my good girl."

We sat like that for what seemed like hours just holding each other. Me reliving the horror of her father's words while giving thanks that I had her and my Blossom was just enjoying being close.

I finally sat her outside wrapped in a light blanket with her magazines and iPad and anything her little heart desired to pass the time. I sat at the desk I'd set up in the bedroom so I could still keep an eye on her as I caught up on work. My business had been neglected a lot lately, something I would never have done in the past but had no qualms about doing now. Where she was concerned there wasn't much I wouldn't do consequences be damned. At least I was sure things were running smoothly under the watchful eyes of the men I had in place for just such an occasion.

I didn't spend too much time on my own business as I was drawn more and more to the mystery of just what the senator had been up to for the past thirty years or so. I had a program running on my computer, it was kind of like connect the dots type of thing. What it did was find similarities and compared them, so far there were hundreds of them popping up, which meant this mess was going to take a while. Hopefully the guys will find something helpful in Sanders' reports, I was almost tempted to get the Feds involved but as things stood I didn't trust anyone. This shit, if Sanders was to be believed seemed to reach very high up in society, I know how these people think, there's nothing they won't do to hide up their shit. Human life meant nothing to these animals.

My phone went off with a text the guys were heading back. I'll have to meet them in the office downstairs again. I took a peek at my babygirl and she was dozing in the warm sunshine. I should just leave her there, there was no way for anyone to get to her up here, but somehow I didn't feel comfortable leaving her out in the open.

I walked outside and picking her up as gently as possible I laid her back in the bed. She hardly stirred as I covered her and kissed her brow. "I'll be back soon baby nice nap." She mumbled something before cuddling into her pillow and falling into sleep.

"What have you got?" That was my greeting for Gage and the others as I entered the room.

"He kept good records it looks like, before he just stopped like he said. The good thing is he was able to get ahold of newspaper headlines about some of the missing kids so we might be able to link them up if we're lucky enough to find them."

He threw a thick folder on the desk and some pictures and old faded newspaper clippings fell out. There were notes with times, dates and places going back almost fifteen years.

"Get your shovels boys, let's try to get through some of this shit before the day is over. I want to get started on finding these people as soon as possible, I'm sorry but it looks like some of you might have to do some traveling in the not too distant future, I can't go right now for obvious reasons...."

"There's something you should know boss." Stefan cut me off.

"What's that?" He gave the others a look before clearing his throat and turning back to me.

"The senator's in town."

"Excuse me?"

"He landed this morning after we brought Sanders in so we don't know exactly why he's here but according to his office he doesn't have any official business in these parts, he's on personal leave."

I hit the buttons on my computer that would pull up the bedroom so I could see for myself that she was just where I'd left her, safe and unharmed.

"Okay I think we pretty much know why he's here, looks like he's going to force my hand. I want to help all those kids that these sick fucks fucked over but my wife comes first, if he comes anywhere near her I'll kill him plain and simple." My wife would have no sentimental attachment to this fucker at least; him I can off without compunction.

My phone rang again my dad was on the line which was surprising since he'd been headed to the hospital after leaving here.

"Dad?"

"Son, Cliff Sanders is dead."

"What?" I looked up at my men.

"Seems he came in claiming to have been attacked in some sort of ambush, had a gunshot to the knee. The docs here patched him up and were planning to keep him overnight for observation but when the nurse went back into the room he was dead, shot to the head. It had to have been a silencer because no one saw or heard anything."

"Ok thanks dad." I hung up the phone with a heavy heart, not because that fucker was dead, good riddance I say, but because if the senator was eliminating threats then Ashley was in even more danger than before.

"It would appear the senator has already struck, Sanders is dead." There were a lot of grumblings following my announcement.

"Boss if a United States senator is going around offing people himself then this shit might go higher than we thought, this could get really ugly."

"I hear what you're saying Maurice but none of that changes anything, it doesn't matter who's involved I'm going to bring them all down one way or the other. Right now my main concern is my wife and child, making sure that any threat to them is taken care of quickly."

"You want me to nix the fucker I have no problem offing him if he's guilty of half the shit we've uncovered."

"I'm with you there Gage so let's figure out how to get to him before he gets to her, if he walked into a hospital full of people and capped Sanders I'm thinking there's nothing stopping him from coming after her next." I watched on the screen as my Blossom turned over in her sleep with a frown.

"Excuse me gentlemen I have to go tell my wife that one of her tormentors is dead."

I know Ashley well enough to know that for all that he was a monster, the death of her father will affect her deeply. She'd just become an orphan and although I was secretly glad as fuck the piece of shit was no more, I hated that this would hurt her. I'd wanted to spare her this heartache, and it fucked with my head that she was going to shed even one tear for his undeserving ass, but that's who I'd fallen in love with, a girl with a heart of fucking gold.

"Hello baby, short nap huh?" I climbed onto the bed and pulled her close.

"Had a bad dream." She rubbed her face in my chest.

"You did, what about?"

"They were here and they were looking for me, don't let them get me Gideon." She clung to me in fear and tore the heart right out of me.

"No one is going to touch you ever again I promise." There's no way in hell I'm telling her about her father after that, it'll have to wait right now I had to get her mind off of her fear.

Chapter 27

For the next few days I kept her close to me at all times, I was so fucking paranoid I slept with a gun under my pillow, that's when I did sleep that is. I'd spent the last three nights watching over her as she slept in peace, my wife and kid all snuggled up against me safe, and I'll make damn sure they remained that way.

She knew everything now, about her father's death, everything including my suspicion and almost certainty that the senator, the monster from her childhood nightmare, was the one responsible. She now knew about the others as well, it was the hardest thing I'd ever done but in the end there was really no way to keep it from her. As I expected it hit her hard to learn about the other children. I didn't tell her about the sacrifice bullshit that was a horror I will take to the grave with me. She'd been afraid at first when I told her that the senator was here in the city but I explained the security measures I'd taken to her and that had calmed her down a little.

Thankfully the school semester was almost at an end and she could finish up on time online, which we'd opted for. I'm going to make sure she finishes her education after the baby, my girl is too damn smart for anything less and I had no doubt that she could handle it all, motherhood and school. When this shit was over I plan to start looking into a few private colleges in the area since going away had never been an option. As long as she got the same caliber education I was happy with that. She could even take online courses if she chose to since that seemed to be the new in thing.

She hasn't stirred yet this morning so I'm killing time laying here with her on my chest thinking of my next move. I had a man on the senator, his every move is being followed and documented. So far we've intercepted some pretty explosive intelligence between him and some of the other high players involved but I wanted it all, wanted them all. My guys were chomping at the bit to blow his head off but I'm not sure that's the way I wanted to go just yet. I want this bastard to suffer, I want his name dragged through the mud until there wasn't a place left on earth where he wasn't known for the monster he is. Him and whoever was a part of this sick twisted fuck enterprise.

"Your heart's beating really fast Gideon, are you okay?" She ran her hand soothingly over my chest making me smile.

"I'm okay sweetheart go back to sleep, you still have at least another hour before the sun comes up." She stretched and glided her body over mine; silky smooth and sleep warm.

"Don't wanna." Uh oh, she had that look in her eye that meant she was about to put me to work.

She caught my morning wood between her thighs pressing her bare young pussy against me. This habit of sleeping in the nude did have its benefits. It didn't take much to reach under the covers and raise her just that little bit needed to get things lined up just right. When my cock tip touched her wet entrance I pushed down on her hips until I slipped inside. Smooth and unhurried; her hips were moving before I was fully imbedded inside her.

A slow sleepy kiss was shared as we moved gently against each other. Her body felt fucking amazing as I ran my hands over her, like nothing I could have ever imagined. My heart threatened to explode in my chest with the love I felt for her, the strong emotion she dragged out of me by just being.

"I love you Blossom." That telltale clenching she did around my cock always got to me. The fact that she came from just my words of love whispered softly in her ear made me feel like a king. I worked her slowly up and down on my cock as she laid on my chest. I kept things light and easy even though I wanted to fuck her hard and deep. I always want to fuck my girl hard.

I can't wait 'til she's better, 'til the cast is off. Because when she reacted this way to me I just wanted to plunder. As it was I had a hard time not throwing her to her back and digging in. Instead I lifted her head holding her hair back with my hands and looked into her eyes as she rode me harder. She moaned as she moved her tight body over mine, taking me in all the way her lip caught between her teeth as she concentrated on the feeling of having me buried inside her.

When her eyes glazed over and her head went limp on her neck I knew she'd seen what was in my eyes, all the love and adoration I had inside for her. There's nothing I wouldn't do to right the wrongs done to her, nothing.

" I'll never stop loving you, never stop wanting you, needing you, my heart." I kissed her like she was the air I needed.

Ashley

He loves me so much it's almost overwhelming. No one could've ever prepared me for this kind of love, a love that totally consumed and possessed. Not even the dark cloud hanging over me could detract from his love and what it gave to me.

The way he touches me, he's so careful, even as he was being forceful. I could feel him as he moved inside me slow and deep and so unbelievably good. It made me feel wild and totally abandoned, like I wanted, no needed to do things I'd never contemplated before.

"Gideon...I want..." I couldn't put into words the need that rushed through me.

"What Blossom, what do you need?"

"I'll show you." I bit his neck as I raked my nails down his chest.

"Shit baby." He reared up taking me with him as I held on to his skin with my teeth. I wanted more, was on fire for more but the words wouldn't come. He understood though, my Gideon knew me very well. I found myself on my back as he pounded away at me, just the way I imagined.

"Yes, yes, yes." It's the only thing I could scream as he hit all the right places inside and when that overwhelming feeling of drowning overtook me I went with it pulling his mouth forcefully down on mine so I could be the one to ravish. His body shook and trembled over and in me as I felt him throb inside me signaling his release.

Gideon

"You okay baby?" I tore my mouth away long enough to ask before she pulled me back to her. Shit what was that? Even now she still moved beneath me her body wild. She'd gone into some sort of lust craze. The noises coming from her I'd never heard before, her nails digging into my flesh, her mouth wild and hungry on mine. "Don't stop Gideon don't stop." No I won't stop fuck, don't let me hurt her.

Her wildness was doing something crazy to me, I'd cum inside her already, and yet my cock was hard and hungry for her. I kept sliding in and out of her heat lost in her. Reaching beneath her I lifted her into my powerful strokes. I have to stop this before she hurts herself, didn't she need to breathe? She'd been sucking on my tongue for what felt like forever and her pussy clenched around me so hard I thought she'd break my shit off but still she kept going.

I pulled out and turned her around eating her pussy from behind the way she liked. She screamed and tore at the sheets while fucking back on my tongue. When she begged me in her sweet voice to fuck her I reared up behind her and slammed into her once more. "Fuck yeah." I looked down at the smooth arch of her back as I pummeled her from behind. "This what you wanted huh?" I grabbed a fistful of her hair and fucked her the way I'd been wanting to. My cock went on a rampage inside her hot tight pussy, battering away at her insides. I didn't think of anything else, just the fire that raged inside for her, always her. When she slammed her ass back into me and screamed I finally flooded her with my seed. "Merciful fuck."

She shook for minutes after I rearranged our bodies so that she was in my arms again. I put my hand over her tummy sudden fear for my son or daughter hitting me. "I didn't hurt her did I?" I guess from the wide smile on her face that was a no.

Chapter 28

I have to make arrangements for her father's funeral; as much as I hate the bastard I know she'd want that so I'm doing it for her. She's looking better this morning, then again so am I. That's what a morning spent in bed together loving each other will do. She hasn't brought up the shit that's been going on in our lives yet today and I was glad for that. I wished she could have just one day free of the darkness.

"Gideon, why haven't you been going to work? I'll be fine here by myself if you need to go into the office I'm not a baby you know."

I think I've heard that same refrain at least ten times in two days. I've given up trying to explain to her. Somehow she seems to have been stripped of her fears. Either that or she really trusted me to have the necessary things in place to keep her from harm. But there's no way that I'm letting her out of my sight right now. The senator has been combing the city in search of something. I have no doubt it's the whereabouts of my wife; apparently her father had one ounce of decency left in him since he hadn't divulged her whereabouts or it seems who she'd married.

It wouldn't take him long to figure that out though, all he had to do was come across the publication with the marriage announcement. There was no telling if Cliff had told the other man that her new husband was onto him and his schemes. I'm quite sure if he'd given him my name he would've already been looking in my direction, but so far the reports suggested he was walking blind. It's not like he could be hidden, he's a well known figure so wherever he went and whatever inquiries he made would me noted no doubt so he'd have to be circumspect. It remained to be seen if the good doctor was going to join him.

"Come here." I pushed back my chair from the breakfast table where I'd been going over the latest finds from my guys on the missing children. She climbed into my lap and rested her head on my shoulder, so sweet. I went back to what I was doing while she stole strips of turkey bacon from my plate. She was in one of her cooking moods today, which I wasn't too thrilled about since she was still in a cast; but the girl could be stubborn as all hell.

"Well?" She butted my chin softly with the top of her head like a little kitten making me laugh. She always makes me smile, in fact I don't think I've been this relaxed and at peace in my life until she came into it, which is a fucking wonder with all this shit going on around us. But somehow when I'm alone with her like this nothing else seems to matter, she makes me feel like a carefree man just enjoying his wife, that's when she wasn't bugging me to get her way that is.

"Drop it Blossom, I'm staying home until you're back on your feet at least. Why don't you go do your lessons so you can send them in today, aren't they due soon?"

"They're done already."

"What, when?" Was she lying to me? I doubt it, for someone who's led such a horrible life she was amazingly honest and open; and so full of love. It amazes me every time that she survived that shit and remained the person that she is.

"I did them all the first day."

"Nerd." I nuzzled her head when I got an elbow to the ribs for my insult.

"It's almost time to go for your checkup I think another day or two." Her body tensed against mine.

"Is he gone?" I knew whom she was referring to and my heart hurt, she was still afraid of her monster. So what was all that talk about me leaving her then if she was still so afraid?

"No baby he's still here but my guys are on him every second he won't get near you ever I promise."

"Would you kill him...if he came after me, would you have to kill him?" Her little body shook as she sat up to look at me.

"Yes." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before relaxing back into my arms.

"Did we find the others?" I guess that's that, no questions no discouragement she just wanted to know the facts. Maybe it gave her a sense of security knowing that I would go the distance to protect her. I'm sure she had a pretty good understanding by now of what kind of man the senator was; maybe she knew that his kind could only be stopped one way. I'm hoping it doesn't come to that yet, I would love to see him pay for his crimes before the whole world, fucking bastard.

"That's what I'm reading now, we've found some of them and my guys tell me they've got the bead on others, we'll find them all baby don't fear; even if it takes years I'll never stop looking." I didn't tell her that it was going to take mercenary acts to rescue some of the young girls and boys who'd been sold into sexual slavery. There was one report of a young brother and sister who'd been sold to a husband and wife. Now you'd think these two had difficulty having children of their own and grew desperate enough to steal someone else's, but that wasn't the case here. These animals were running a sex club that procured children for sexual deviants. They have the money and the clout to keep their sick lifestyle hidden while parading in public as upstanding citizens of their country, and they weren't the only ones. If half this shit was to be believed quite a few of the rich and famous of the free world were into some sick shit that involved kids. No wonder the senator was willing to get his hands dirty to keep it a secret. There were a lot of moneyed people on that list.

My boys both local and abroad have been going at this thing hard, that's why the information was pouring in so seemingly effortlessly. To a man they all hated what we were uncovering and it made them work that much harder. It's only been a few days and already they wanted the go ahead to move on retrieving some of the ones they'd found. I thought it was best to get all our ducks in a row before we went in, I didn't want anyone being tipped off. But the thought of leaving a child in that environment for even a second more was abhorrent. My job now is seeing where we should hit first. It wasn't known as yet if this thing was run like a network, or if the senator kept his clients in the dark about each other. If it was the latter then we could move one by one, if the former then it would take planning. The operation would have to be handled simultaneously. I had the manpower needed to carry out such an operation but I didn't want to leave anyone behind if I could help it. It was a tough call all around. Move now and risk the chance of people being tipped off and going into hiding, or wait knowing that a child was being abused somewhere.

"Can't we bring home the ones that they've already found?" Geez, was she in my head or what?

"Is that what you want?" She nodded against me as I looked down at her sad face.

"What if we take them and it alerts the criminals that we're onto them and they hide the others that we haven't found yet?" She picked up the documents from in front of me.

"You've found all these in just a few days you'll find the others I'm sure."

"How did you know what I was reading?" I thought I'd kept it pretty well hidden from her under the guise of reading something for work.

"I read it upside down when I was asking you about going to work. Your face didn't look like you were reading something about work."

"What did it look like?" She was more perceptive than I'd given her credit for it seemed.

"Like you'd tasted something nasty, that's how I felt when I was helping you that first day. Now it just makes me angry; angry and sad. I think they shouldn't have to be there one more minute if we can save them." She took my hand then and placed it on her stomach. "We'd want him or her to come home right away no matter what; I know you can save them, just like you saved me."

"Shit Blossom!"

After putting that on me she'd busied herself cleaning up the kitchen having no idea what her faith in me did to me. I sat in that chair for a long time willing myself to be the man she needed me to be; hoping and praying that I would always be worthy of it of her. There were so many elements to my wife, she was in turn scared, brave, sexy, shy; a myriad of emotions that all came together in one small perfect package.

I kept changing my thinking because always in the back of my mind was the question of whether or not she could live with whatever it was I was about to do. She'd pretty much okayed offing the senator but could she really live with a husband who had blood on his hands? And if not that then what was the alternative? If I exposed him while he was alive there was no doubt in my mind that her name would somehow come up and I couldn't have that.

Then there was the fact that this shit kept changing up on me. One minute I'm dealing with perverted fucks and the next I've got men who believe that they can turn themselves into wolves and shit. Gage had jokingly said that he was going to research that shit but I wasn't sure that he hadn't been somewhat serious when he'd said it. I'll leave that freaky shit to him and his men I had my hands full with the rest of this shit as it is.

I missed her after a while and went in search of her. She was being good for once, sitting out on the balcony reading a book. She's been coming out of her shell little by little, trying out her newfound skills on my ass. The girl is a sex fiend. Today was the day she was supposed to have her check up but I'd chickened out and asked dad to have his friend come here instead. I'm not ready to take her out in the open just yet after all.

"What are you reading baby?" I walked over and stood over her so I could run my fingers through her hair. She held up a copy of Rework. Heavy reading for a teen and definitely not what I expected; I'd forgotten I even had it in the library. "Why're you reading that baby?"

"So I can learn how to help you, that way you don't have to work so hard." I kissed her hair and pulled her up out of so I could hold her in my lap. "Thanks baby but don't you want to read something more fun?" She opened her book and went back to reading; I guess I was dismissed. That's one of her more endearing quirks, the way she just held her peace and did her thing anyway. Of course when she was being disobedient and obstinate then I didn't like it. And she's been doing that more and more lately, testing her boundaries of which there were none. I let her have her way in pretty much everything and I have the sore dick to prove it.

She closed the book five minutes later and just sat there quietly while I played in her hair enjoying one of our rare moments of peace. "Are you going to get them?" Well that didn't last long, I suppose it's hard for her not to think about this shit. "I'm thinking about it." I squeezed her when she went silent on me again.

"I really wish you wouldn't worry about this stuff baby. I've got it under control the guys are already setting things in motion. I just want you to think about being happy. Can you do that for me?" She turned in my arms and looked into my eyes. She's reading business books so she can help me, she's worrying about abused children who are in the hands of monsters, when does she get to think about her? Will she ever have that freedom of mind? Will there ever be a time when she can focus on herself, her own happiness? Or will I be the one to do that for her? If that's what it takes then so be it, but it's a lot for one person to carry, especially one with such a soft heart. "I think you should."

"Then that's what we'll do if you promise me you'll stop worrying." She bit her lip and played with the buttons on my shirt. "Can we...?" She leaned over and whispered in my ear. In answer I reached under her and released my cock, lifted her slightly, moved her panties to the side under my oversized t-shirt that she'd chosen to wear around the house and slipped up inside her. "Go ahead baby ride."

Chapter 29

I pushed her back so she sat straight up on my cock. "Give me your mouth sweetheart." She leaned over slowly her natural sensuality coming into play. She moved like a dream, slowly up and down and back and forth grinding her pussy into me. I licked her lips before feeding her my tongue. She hummed into my mouth as I dug my fingers into the flesh of her ass lifting her up and down on my cock faster and faster. The blaring of car horns went by below as people went about their daily routines. I didn't worry about us being seen way up here the guard wall kept out prying eyes from surrounding buildings. Still it felt almost decadent taking her here in the open.

"I want to fuck you from behind hop off." She slid up and off my cock and I pulled the shirt over her head. Her red tipped nipples tempted me so I took one into my mouth hungrily sucking hard until she cried out and her nails dug into my scalp. "Suck me off first baby." She was only too happy to get to her knees and take me into her mouth. "Look at me." I like looking into her eyes while she pleasures me with her mouth. I sped up my thrusts in and out of her mouth hitting the back of her throat with each thrust. "Don't make me cum baby I want to cum inside you okay."

She nodded around my cock as her hand went between her legs to finger her pussy. I fucked her mouth until I felt my cock swell even more. "Pull off baby I want to taste you now." I helped her lean over the rail, she was short enough that only her shoulders and the tops of her breasts showed as I knelt and licked her from behind. "Spread your legs for me baby." She complied and I opened her up with my fingers sticking my tongue out and teasing her clit before sucking it into my mouth. Next I attacked her pussy going deep and sucking up all her juices as fast as they came. I had to let go of her pussy lips because I needed my hand to stroke my cock, which was leaking long streams of pre cum to the floor beneath us.

I knew she was enjoying my tongue fucking when she reached back and grabbed a fistful of my hair. "Please Gideon I can't stand it, please." I took one last swipe with my tongue before standing and guiding my cock into her. "Lean forward baby...good girl. Now hold on." I covered her hands with mine as I started a slow stroke into her wet pussy. She climbed to her toes trying to suck more of my cock into her body. "Cock your ass baby, like that." She arched her back and I held her tummy with one hand and wrapped the other around her throat pulling her head back so I could tongue her mouth. "Taste yourself baby." She chewed on my tongue as I fucked her harder and faster.

"I'm gonna do you hard now baby tell me if I hurt you."

"Uh huh." Her mouth opened and closed like a bird's as she begged for my tongue. "Do you know what I want to do with you little Blossom?" I gave her one hard thrust that shook her body as she fucked my cock like she was hungry for it. "I'm going to tie you up and fuck your body; your pussy, your mouth, your tits. I'm going to cum all over your tits and watch you lick it off your fingers. First I'm going to fuck your sweet pussy then pull out and cum in your mouth. Then I want you to get me hard so I can fuck you all over again. All day baby, I want to spend one whole day inside you."

"Yes anything please... Gideon." I was done in by my own words, the images of what I wanted to do to her driving me over the edge. "Cum for me, let me feel you cum NOW." I sucked her tongue into my mouth just as her pussy tightened around me sucking the cum from my balls until there was nothing left.

I sat on the chair with her still impaled on my cock so we could both catch our breath. "That was amazing baby thank you." She could barely answer me poor thing I think I'd been too hard on her. I lifted her and headed for the bathroom to clean us both up. I put her back to bed and went to sit at the desk to get some work done.

My mind was always working these days because there was so much shit to do. If something didn't break soon I'm afraid I was gonna lose my fucking shit. As soon as we jumped one hurdle there was another thrown in the way.

She'd had a rough few days dealing with her father's death. Something she'd tried keeping from me until I found her crying in the bathroom and almost lost my shit. We'd had a long discussion about why she was never to keep shit from me again. My heart can't take it for one. When she sobbed in my arms pleading with me to explain why he couldn't love her I'd wanted to bring the fuck back so I could kill him again.

I'd had the men tear her old house apart looking for anything about her mom because she'd let it slip that he'd never allowed her to talk about her. The large painting hanging on the living room wall was the only memory she had of her mother. A mother who I'd learned had loved her beyond words.

Thankfully they'd found some old photos of a very young woman who looked a lot like her and even some old letters and high school writings of her mom's. The painting was now downstairs in my office waiting for her to decide what she wanted to do with it. She'd read and reread the letters and notebooks for a day and then they disappeared. I didn't ask any questions just kept my eye on her in case she had another break.

Sanders' funeral was another headache because there's no way I'm taking her out in the open until this shit was cleared so we'll have to keep him on ice. She hadn't said much about it and I didn't push. At night when she cried over him I held her until she as dried out or until I loved her to sleep.

Now she wanted the children out as soon as possible so I would give her that but it was going to take some planning and organization. The senator was still trying to keep a low profile while scouring the city for Ashley. So far he didn't seem to know where we were since he hadn't been seen anywhere near any of my buildings. I still wasn't taking any chances though because I wasn't sure what he knew. I had too much shit going on at once and there was an overwhelming feeling of impending doom, which I tried to keep from her. I knew one way or the other this shit will have to come to a head but there was no telling how or when. The doctor was still a no show and no one seemed to know where the fuck he was. I'd sent men to his home but there was no sign of him there. That made me very uneasy.

I called the guys in for a meet since she was going to be out for at least an hour and the doctor wasn't due here for her checkup until the early evening. Brushing her hair back gently so as not to wake her I left the room and headed downstairs.

Intel had been coming in for days now since we got the first lead and pulled on that string. The children were spread out in different places, which would make things difficult but not impossible. Still there were no guarantees one wrong move and shit could blow up in our faces. Men were already on the ground in Southeast Asia scouting out the places we'd traced some of the stolen kids to. Something I'd thought would take weeks to put into play my wife now wanted done overnight, and since I'd promised to always give her what she wanted I had to find a way to make it happen. I know her well enough to know that each day that went by was harder on her.

The men showed up ten minutes later and we got to work.

"We're moving sooner than planned guys." I knew I wouldn't hear any argument from them they were ready to move from day one. "I need the guys to be ready to go in, what's the word from that end anything new there?" "They're ready whenever you are just waiting for the word from you. It might take longer for some arms of the operation but we feel pretty confident that we can move." I kept an eye on the monitor where I could see that she was sleeping peacefully. How many will we be able to save? How many can we get home to the comfort of their own beds? I'm hoping for all, for her sake and theirs because I know if we lose even one of them it'll hit her hard.

My phone went off with a text. Fuck. "The doctor's finally landed in the city boys I guess they've found what they were looking for. Either that or he's here to help. I'll make the call let's start this shit rolling."

We started coordinating and getting a team together on both sides. There was a lot of manpower needed to do what we needed done. Halfway through she started making waking up sounds on the monitor so I made my excuses and went to her. I filled her in on what we were doing and answered her questions before heading back down.

Eight and a half hours later I gave the go ahead to rescue the kids that had already been found. It was going to be a very delicate undertaking which I wished I could be there for but I couldn't leave her, not while her monsters were somewhere in my city searching her out. I had some of my best men on it although Gage and his immediate crew refused to leave; not while the senator was lurking they said. I accepted their loyalty to my wife and I and was secure in the knowledge that the men we'd handpicked to go would get the job done.

I kept things opened on my end so that I could monitor every step of the operation. It had been decided that the teams would storm the private residences, neutralize the captors by any means necessary, and remove the children.

This part of the operation was taking place in five separate locations. As to the brothels and flesh houses where some of the others were being held that would take a different approach. The children we were looking for there had already been found, well some of them anyway, but we agreed it would be unwise to storm such places where there was so much in and out traffic until we had more Intel. One option was to free everyone being held in those places, but first we needed to know where to send them, where they belonged. So far we'd gotten ears and eyes inside two of the three places to try to keep track of what was going on but it wasn't the best choice to move right now, maybe in another day or two. Not much longer than that because there was no doubt that word might get back to the senator if all his victims started disappearing at once, and we still didn't know if he stayed in contact with the people he'd sold the children to.

Ashley had wanted to know all that was going on but hell no. I'm keeping her as far away from this end of things as possible until it's over and everything went well. I have in front of me on my makeshift desk where I'd been sitting for the last half hour, up to date pictures of the six children being rescued at this very moment on the other side of the world. One brother and sister had been kept together in the home of a sick and twisted couple into every sexual vice under the sun. I couldn't begin to imagine what these poor babies had been through in their three years of captivity. I looked over at the bed where she was turning in her sleep, her leg and arm were healing nicely thank goodness though it will be almost three months before she could lose the cast on her leg, not so long for the wrist. And though her pregnancy was nowhere near evident the knowledge of it made it very real for us. She hasn't shown any signs of morning sickness or any of the usual maladies that seemed to befall women in her condition, except maybe for her sexual appetite but then again that could just be her natural sensual nature. The doctor had said it was too early anyway, but all in all she'd said everything was coming along nicely. Watching her now I tried to imagine her being taken, being subjected to the atrocities her father had described, that too made me want to murder the bastard all over again.

My phone vibrated on my desk and I snatched it up to answer, it was barley five in the morning and I didn't want her getting up yet she needed her rest.

"Thorpe."

"Uh boss there's some kid down here says he's Starks' son and he needs to talk to you."

"Are you shitting me, did we know he had one of those?"

"Nope, completely off the radar."

I looked back at Blossom, did she know and if so why hadn't she ever mentioned him?

"Keep him on ice I'll be right down." I eased onto the bed after ending the call, using my fingers to lightly play with her hair I kissed her awake. "Wake up baby."

"Hummm?"

She was barley awake but still her lips sought mine in answer. I couldn't resist deepening the kiss until she came fully awake.

"Is it morning already hubby?"

I rubbed noses with her; "Not quite but I have a question; did you know that Keith Starks had a son?"

"Jason?" She scrunched up her face and I thought she was going to tell me this kid had done some horrific shit to her as well and if so I was going downstairs and put a bullet in his fucking head no joke. I was way pass sick of this shit.

"I guess that's him, so he does exist."

"I haven't seen him in a long time, he ran away when we were kids. Jason's younger than I am; he's like sixteen now I think. Why, did you find him? He was nice when we were younger nothing like his creepy dad."

Okay then I guess the kid could live. "Go back to sleep love I'll be right back."

She was out before I cleared the door. I looked over my shoulder at her once more before leaving, and made my way downstairs to the offices where my guys had taken up residence in the rooms down there until this thing was over. I'd told them it was perfectly fine for them to go home at night because my security was impenetrable but Gage and Maurice especially wouldn't hear of it so I'd given up arguing with their hardheaded asses and let them do their thing. It was for her they were doing it anyway so how could I find fault with that?

This kid was sixteen? Ashley must be mistaken or this was an imposter. Those were my first thoughts when I caught a side view of the stranger standing in the middle of the room surrounded by my men. It was only as he turned around that I saw the adolescence in his features.

"You're Thorpe?" He made as if to come towards me but Gage held him back with a hand to the chest.

"Not so fast kid."

"Could you maybe get your pit bull off of me? I come in peace." He held up his hands in mock surrender, kid had a mouth on him.

"What's that you got there Jason?"

"Ah, so it is Ashley you have up there, good to know I'm not chasing my tail." I looked around in confusion, what the hell was he talking about?

"He refused to give his name other than Starks, we saw him on the monitors trying to find a way in so Maurice nabbed him and that's when he told us he was Starks' son and that he needed to see you."

"Oh I see, and you figure if I told Ashley Starks' son was here she would know your real name."

"Yes, thanks by the way."

"What for?"

"For rescuing her, I couldn't."

"Excuse me?"

"I was just a kid...I found out what they were doing by mistake." He rubbed his stomach as if he was going to be sick.

"And what did you do Jason?"

"Nothing, I couldn't do a fucking thing because my father caught me so I had to run. I wanted to take her I swear but there was no way. I tried coming back a time or two but her father had her too guarded back then, so I just kinda gave up for a while. I always thought I'd come back when I got older before it was too late you know?"

"And now, why're you here?"

"I saw the announcement in the papers that you got married. I had to come see if it was true if she was free. Then I heard the news about her father the pig and I figured something was going on and you might need these." He threw the folder he'd been holding on the desk, I glanced at it with a nod, and Gage flipped it open.

"Jackpot."

Chapter 30

Gideon

"Where did you get this kid?" I pawed through the stuff on my desk taking quick glances of things as they unfolded. Just that was enough to get my heart pumping, jackpot indeed.

"I took it before I did the runner." I looked over at the kid still not sure about anything; this shit had too many tentacles and too many unknowns. I won't just go along with shit because it looked good, not where she was concerned.

"I'm guessing your dad knows you took this stuff or did you make copies?"

"Nope originals all the way; so can you use this stuff to put those freaks away because I'm tired of hiding out?" The kid puffed his chest up trying to play the big bad man but behind the eyes was all scared little boy. That more than anything sold me on his story, that and the fact that she'd said he'd ran away. His frame was that of a man and not a sixteen-year old boy but now that I see him clearly he looked a little gaunt, like he hadn't been taken care of in a long time.

"Where do you live now Jason?"

"Who's asking?" I gave him my 'don't fuck with me' glare and was happy to see it still packed a punch when he swallowed noticeably and fidgeted.

"Answer." He looked around the room somewhat embarrassed but then was saved from having to answer.

"Company heading in boss." Gage gave me the heads up but I'd already detected the movements from the little device in my pocket.

"I heard her." That's all I would say, no one needed to know I had eyes and ears on her at all times, not even my trusted men.

She came through the door eyes searching; the heartfelt whisper tore at me.

"Jason." That's all she said before she flew across the room and was picked up by the overgrown youth.

I took an involuntary step forward but checked myself; there was nothing to worry about here. She was mine, all mine and there was no reason for jealousy to rear its ugly head. But I must admit the sight of another man or boy with their hands on her made me very uneasy.

My movements were calculated and seemingly natural when I moved to where they stood and pulled her back against me possessively. When she rested her hands over mine that were now resting on her stomach my world was set back to rights. I didn't miss the disrespectful snickers from my men but I'll deal with them later.

"Jace where've you been I've been so worried." She reached out to take his hand as he looked at her like she was a sight for sore eyes.

"Sorry Ash I had no choice believe me, I tried to get you out but my dad found out what I was up to so I had to hide." He looked like he wanted to cry; just a fucking kid and he'd tried to fight the evil on his own. He couldn't have been more than thirteen or fourteen at the time, damn.

"Where did you go?" He shrugged his shoulders at her and looked away sheepishly.

"Jason where did you go?" She's a persistent little thing he didn't stand a chance. I squeezed her trying to send a private message to ease up but she just squeezed my hand and kept at it until she got what she wanted.

"I moved around a lot at first but when I thought things calmed down enough I came back to Blue Haven." That's all he would say but I was getting the picture; the kid had been living on the streets. I'm guessing like me he knew my wife's heart and didn't want to divulge that information because he knew she would feel guilt over it since he'd been on the run because he'd tried to help her. I made up my mind then and there; it wasn't hard. He was just another victim of these assholes and he'd basically given up his life trying to help her. Just a fucking kid, I didn't want to think what would've happened to him if his old man had gotten ahold of him. Or if the senator had ever known that he had the evidence he had. My guess is that Starks was planning a double cross or he was just covering his ass in case of contingencies. Either way.

"It doesn't matter baby because now he'll be staying with us."

The smile she gave me made me wish I could fight all her demons at once, fuck. How could one human being own another so completely without any effort at all? I stole a quick kiss before being addressed by Maurice.

"Intel coming in boss you want it now or when we're alone?"

"What is it?" He smiled wide and I knew. I walked off leaving the two of them whispering while she checked him over like a mother hen.

"First four houses cleared, working on the last now and transporting in about two hours after that; don't want to sit on it too long." Damn that was quick, it seems the men hadn't waited much longer after they'd landed to get to work. It helped that the men already in place had pretty much set shit up, but the ex-mercenaries I'd sent in knew their shit so I shouldn't be surprised. I'd chosen them specifically for their prowess in this area after all.

"Safe house set up and ready boss?"

"Yep everything's in place Gage."

Gage took over the briefing from there. "We have the contact info for the parents ready and now with this new info from the kid looks like our job was just made easier." Yeah everything was coming together nicely, it's about fucking time something was going right for the good guys. This was only the beginning though, there was still a fuck load of shit to do.

"I guess the bastard gets to live after all then." I hadn't really been sure of what I was going to do but Gage was right. With the photos and diary Jason had given us it wouldn't be too hard to prove to the American public that the senator and his cohorts were guilty as sin.

"Can we authenticate the pics, make sure they can't cry foul?"

"Stefan just did that while you three were having your little family reunion." The fucker had the nerve to smirk at me.

"Cute." While we'd been chatting Ashley and Jason had been playing catch up. One of the guys came in with food, which was a good idea since the kid looked like he hadn't eaten in days.

I put Blossom in a chair and whispered in her ear. I'd guessed correctly that Jason was full of pride and wouldn't touch a morsel but I knew if she enticed him to he would. He started digging in as she picked at a croissant on her plate peppering the poor guy with questions. He seemed more interested in pissing me off though as his next words proved.

"I can't stay here, thanks for the offer but I'm no charity case."

"Don't be stupid kid; this isn't about charity, you did me a service and now I'm repaying you. Besides, I'm sure it would make my wife very happy if you stayed here with us and that's my only concern. Look at it as a favor to her if you'd like."

That's all I was going to say on the matter, I'd told him the truth Blossom wouldn't be happy now unless she knew where her friend was after finding him again after all this time. And even if she hasn't yet figured out that he's been living on the streets I have and I just couldn't let that shit go on. He was as much a victim of these twisted fucks as her and the others. If she wanted him here then here's where the fuck he was going to stay. I'm pretty sure if he'd had a safe place to go in the first place he wouldn't have been on the streets.

"What's this safe house Gideon?"

Shit, I was hoping she'd been too preoccupied to hear that little bypass, no such luck. "Nothing for you to worry about baby." She pouted my way but kept still. I've noticed that she never contradicted me in front of others, no she saved that shit for when we were alone so I was sure I hadn't heard the end of it.

I needed to go over all the stuff Jason had brought with him but I didn't want to do it with her in the room. I had shuffled everything back into the envelope before she came into the room, I didn't want her hurting anymore than she already was over this shit. With things moving though we needed to get on the ball, I didn't want her anywhere near it but I didn't want to send her away either, shit.

"Babe we're going to go into the inner office you and Jason stay out here and catch up okay." I kissed her once more before heading in the direction of the office not giving her a chance to answer. The office was just right through the door so I could still see and hear them.

My guys were right behind me. Gone were the easy smiles and laid back manner, in their place was disgust and anger.

"It must be said, these fuckers need to die." Maurice sneered at the evidence I pulled out once again.

The pictures laid out on the table were of the senator and the doctor. Some were in Ashley's bedroom when she was very young some were of the two men with other young children in pretty much the same positions. What was most incriminating though was the detailed diary of one Keith Starks. This coupled with the recordings my security team had made of Starks and Sanders after I'd taken Ashley was more than enough evidence to put the men away. I took the photos of my wife and locked them away. I don't know what if anything I'd do with them in the future but I knew I didn't want her involved in whatever was going to befall these fuckers, it might be a pipe dream but it's what I wanted.

Some of the pictures weren't too incriminating taken on their own, but couple them with the fact that all of the featured kids were now missing and that was a strong indication of wrongdoing. Not to mention the ones where the surgeon general had his hands in some very inappropriate places on these young girls' bodies while the senator was in attendance. Pretty hard to explain that shit away. I wonder how the fuck Starks had got his hands on this shit but at this point it really didn't matter.

My gut burned with anger as I thought of the story those pictures told. She was so fucking young and innocent. In some of the earlier ones she'd looked terrified. Shake it off Gideon get the job done, the sooner you do that the sooner you can get to work on healing her.

"So we've decided on the press first?" The question drew me back from my musings.

"Yes Maurice, I have my contact ready all we need to do is forward the info. This is even better than what we had before; we'll call it trial by the public. When the public gets hold of this there wouldn't be a court anywhere that wouldn't throw the book at these monsters.

"They're gonna want to interview the victims and all that shit, you know these fucks are fucked up in their own way too." Gage had a point but I'd already put some stipulations in place. My contact at the station knew I was sitting on something hot that involved a high flying official but she didn't know who or what. She took my word on it because she knew I wasn't one to fuck around. I had to make sure that these kids who'd already been victimized weren't going to be treated like commodities for some news channel so I'd done all that I could to safeguard them.

"I already told Carla that if she handles this the way I want she'd get first dibs whenever the kids are ready to talk. Her bosses are gonna have to cough up some dough too, I'm gonna see that these kids get paid. I've already got Whistler on the ball to sue the senator and the doctor. Their families are gonna be pissed because I mean to see that these kids are compensated heavily for all that they've been through. Not that money can make up for this shit, but it will go a long way to getting them settled in society when they get older. Some of them are adults already and will be coming back to nothing, having to start over from scratch. And you can bet these fucks haven't been keeping up with educating their little play toys, fucking monsters. Plus with doctor bills and who knows what, we're talking millions."

"Take all their shit so they can't even afford a damn lawyer at the end of the day."

"I'll do my best Stefan."

"I'm going on record as saying you can't do it boss, we end up having to take those fuckers before the feds get them you'll burn 'em." Gage didn't even break a smile as he made that very accurate assessment. It was true; I kept waffling back and forth on my decisions where their punishments were concerned. In the end it comes down to what's best for my girl, it's always gonna come down to that shit for me.

"I won't take that bet either boss, I mean it's gonna be hard enough for us if we come face to face with these fucks not to pull the trigger. If you want this to go down the American way you better let us handle it from here on out because there's no fucking way I see you letting them walk otherwise." I looked at Maurice after Stefan's little speech to see if he had anything to add to the other two's statements. He simply shrugged his shoulders and grinned. "It is what it is boss."

"Good to know you guys have such faith in my ability to keep a cool head." I was saying that shit but I knew they were right on the money. There was no guarantee that I'd let these fuckers live if we ever came face to face. They'd fucking put hands on what's mine a man doesn't take that shit lightly. "Lets put this shit away until we take care of the other thing first. Looks like we might have this thing cleaned up in a few days or less, good work guys thanks." They all brushed off my thanks but I'm sure they knew what this shit meant to me.

Within thirty minutes we got word that the first rescue mission had gone off without a hitch and the rescued were on a private jet with hand picked staff on their way here. The safe house was one of my properties in the country. I had a doctor on hand to look over them and there was a trained staff on hand whom I'd had to let in on what was going on. These were people I'd dealt with for years so I didn't worry about shit going wrong, besides with dad overseeing everything I was guaranteed that things would go smoothly. I'd done all I could now it was time to end this shit.

"I think we'll bring the senator and the doctor in after we've seen the rescued children. We might as well have a little reunion before I throw them to the jackals." Yes I wanted to look them in the face and let them know who it was that had fucked them and why. That was for her, I needed them to know that though the asshole had been willing to throw her away like garbage there was now someone in her life who valued her above all else.

"Please tell me we're gonna get to fuck them up before we hand them over."

I didn't answer just smirked at Gage and the others.

Chapter 31

I got Jason settled in a room upstairs while Blossom fussed around him making sure his every need was met.

"That's enough Blossom I don't think he needs four blankets and don't try lifting that chair again."

"Yeah about that, I meant to ask earlier Ash but got sidetracked; what the heck happened to you anyway?"

"It was an accident." She brushed it off with a slight wave of the hand, I'm sure she didn't want to get into it with him not on his first day back; smart and considerate.

"There's something else I didn't tell you." From the wide grin on her face I knew what was coming next.

"What's that?" He was testing the mattress and looking around the room; probably checking for an escape route.

She reached back and took my hand before answering him.

"We're having a baby." She looked at him expectantly almost as if expecting to be rebuffed. I saw the flash of surprise that was quickly covered before he smiled at us.

"Congratulations Ashley. Man time sure does fly huh you're married and about to become a mom, that's cool." I felt a little sorry for the kid; there was no doubt that he had a slight crush on my wife. I'm not sure if it was a good thing or not that she hadn't a clue.

"Come on baby, let's let Jason get settled in, you have everything you need kid?"

"Sure I'm cool, can I grab a shower?"

"You have your own private bath right through there kid you don't need to ask; you already know where the kitchen is if you get hungry."

"Just so you know I eat a lot." He said it jokingly but I'd already seen the truth in his words. The boy had eaten two omelets and toast with home fries for breakfast, not to mention the pint of juice he'd put away.

"We can afford to feed you not to worry." I led Blossom from the room without trying to be too obvious that I was in a hurry. The guys were waiting for me so that we could head to the safe house. I wasn't taking her with me, not this time anyway. Two members of my security team will be here to keep an eye on her, and now Jason was in the house as well. I must admit to feeling a little better knowing the kid was in the house. He'd be able to keep her out of my hair while I did what needed to be done.

"Baby I need to leave for a bit, I need you to stay here until I return okay."

"Where're you going?" I looked down at her; so innocent and openly trusting, how could I lie to that face?

"We're expecting some of the rescued children to be arriving in a few hours. I need to go make sure everything is in place."

"I want to go." I was expecting this and as much as I hated to disappoint her in anyway there was no help for it this time.

"No way babe, I have no idea what shape they're in and I don't want you exposed to anything until I'm sure it's safe. Some of these kids have been held captive for years so who knows what damage has been done psychologically. Maybe in a few days when I'm sure it's safe for you and the baby I'll take you there but for now I want to keep you as far away from all of this as possible."

"You can't protect me from what I already know Gideon. Don't you think I've imagined the worst after finding out about the others? I have; I'm just glad you were able to save some of them and hope you get to them all." Her little face had gone sad.

"We're working on it baby." I pulled her in for a hug. There's no way I'm telling her that some of them hadn't made it. We'd traced one little girl that had been brutalized by a monster who had paid top dollar for the privilege of deflowering a five year old. She'd suffered internal damages and bled to death as a result of his attentions. I'm trying to track this particular specimen down as we speak. Two of the others had been used in underground snuff films. We'd already found and dealt with the sick fucks involved in that debacle. It wasn't easy linking these people to their crimes since out of necessity they were very secretive, but sometimes we got lucky and once we pulled a string the whole ball of wax unraveled.

We had to move fast because we weren't sure how connected the network was and we didn't want anyone tipping off anyone else. My men on the ground have been working tirelessly trying to get done in a matter of days what it usually took weeks or sometimes months to accomplish. That's what happens when you paid top dollar, though I was sure money wasn't their only motivation. Even hardened criminals find it hard to stomach injustice against a child. I've been lucky enough to have the best working on this, men who knew what to look for and how to proceed. The deeper we dug the more horrifying it became. I would never expose her to those horrors. I'll take that shit to the grave. None of it will ever touch her not now not ever.

"So are you going to be my good girl and stay here while I go make sure everything is okay for them?"

"I guess so, I'll play around on the computer a bit, give poor Jason some time to rest. I don't think he had too much of that while on the streets; that's one more victim huh Gideon?" She had tears in her eyes my poor baby. I wasn't too surprised that she'd figured it out after all but fuck, too damn smart.

"Just take it easy for me alright and I'll bring you back a treat."

It was times like this that I was reminded once more of her age because her eyes lit up and she hunched her shoulders as she grinned at me. So fucking cute.

"What are you gonna bring me?"

"Not sure yet but I'll think of something." Just then I remembered something else that I'd been working on before all this shit started. It could be considered more than a treat but as long as it puts a smile on her face what the fuck did I care?

Chapter 32

It wasn't easy leaving her back there. The way things were escalating so rapidly I wasn't sure what would happen next. The senator seems to be acting erratically according to the men I had following him. His little house of cards was tumbling down around him and as a businessman I know that makes for a very tense situation. He had more to worry about than a business deal gone sour however. He was facing a lifetime in jail if nothing else not to mention the public fallout, the embarrassment. A man in his position would go to very drastic measures to see that that doesn't happen.

I couldn't help picking up the phone and calling her though we'd barely been gone ten minutes.

"What're you doing baby?" Her tinkling laugh helped sooth some of the rough edges.

"Gideon, you just left, I'm not doing anything I promise. Besides I'm feeling lazy I think I'll go back to sleep all this excitement has worn me out."

"You feeling okay, the baby's not making you sick is he?" I couldn't make up my mind if we were having a boy or girl so instead of calling my kid 'it' I went back and forth on the sex. I hope that didn't fuck the poor kid up when he or she finally got here. The fuck I know.

"Nope we're fine I'll just lay here and watch something until I go back to sleep then I'll go get Jason and we'll do something."

"Okay just make sure you both stay inside okay sweetheart?"

"Will do, um Gideon?"

"What is it sweetheart?"

I wasn't sure what the hesitance in her voice meant, or the way her voice had gone soft and sad.

"My dad."

I closed my eyes as I felt her pain; after all he'd done this precious girl still had the capacity to love him.

"I know Blossom I'm already on it; anything specific you needed me to do?"

"Blue, make sure he has a blue shirt it was his favorite color."

Fuck baby don't cry don't cry don't cry. I really needed to go make sure things are set for the rescued kids but if she started crying there was no way I'd leave her like that. She must've pulled herself together my brave girl because when next she spoke her voice was stronger.

"I'll see you when you get back I love you."

"I love you too my Blossom."

"Blossom do you remember that room I showed you?" I don't know why the sudden though hit me but I went with it. There were men there but I still needed to make sure she was as safe as possible.

"Uh huh, stop worrying Gideon we'll be fine."

"Okay baby I'll see you soon."

I used the rest of the ride to take care of her gift. Looks like it will be needed now more than ever now since her pseudo brother will be living with, us not to mention the baby will be here in a few months. The baby. Damn I haven't even had time to really take it in. I'm going to be a dad, I'm equal parts overjoyed and scared. She was still so young, though she didn't seem to mind too much after her initial fears had been assuaged. I guess I'll worry for both of us. She had so much faith in me. I'll have to be ever careful not to let her down. After this shit was put to bed I can concentrate on all the ways my life will be changing in the not too distant future.

The place was buzzing with activity when we finally arrived. Dad had things set up as best he could under the hurried circumstances. With the need for secrecy he'd had to call in some favors but he'd got the job done it looked like. He had a couple rooms set up for triage and I noticed most of his female colleagues were on hand. I'd left it up to his discretion who he wanted to wrangle into helping him out.

"We're all set and ready to go son. I've spoken to your guy in the air and apparently they're all steady on their feet no known traumas or outward wounds have been reported, so it'll probably be more running tests and having Charlotte talk to the females. Get a feel as to how much mental damage has been done, and where we need to go from there. I have to tell you son this is gonna cause a shit storm. Are you prepared for the fallout, is Ashley?"

That was the question wasn't it? The one thing that kept me on the edge as to what exactly I was going to do.

"I don't want her involved if at all possible."

"That might not be possible son, the way this thing is unraveling somebody's gonna talk, too many people involved. We have to figure out how to get these kids back with their families and back into society, it's going to be rough."

"And if I know my wife she's gonna want to have a hand in that." Just one more thing for me to worry about.

"She's a good girl your Ashley you did good there son."

"Thanks dad. What did you tell mom about this?"

"As little as I could get away with you know your mother, she'd probably hunt the bastard down herself. I've asked her to keep her cool for now until we see how it plays out. Last I saw before I left the house she was starting research on how to make sure the senator doesn't slip through the cracks."

He shook his head as he smiled. "You've got men on the house though right?"

"Yep she's surrounded, not to worry son."

I left dad and walked around the house to make sure everything was as it should be. I wasn't expecting any trouble here but you never know what the hell could go wrong. I needed to see them settled so I cold get back to her. I hadn't realized that it had been a while since we'd spent any time apart. Since she came home from the hospital I haven't been more than a few feet away from her or at least monitoring her while I did something else.

What was going to happen when this was all over and things went back to normal?

"Thorpe we've got a problem."

"What is it Gage?" I turned to the other man expectantly. Please don't let the plane have gone down or some shit now.

"The code for your panic room has been activated."

My heart dropped even as I checked the little device he passed off to me. I was moving even as I read the screen. My men were right on my heels as I rushed pass dad.

"I've got to go dad Blossom..."

I couldn't say anymore as my knees threatened to give out on me. I barley made it into the back of the already idling car.

"She's probably safe boss, I think she's the one who went in, no one can get in there..."

"Just get me to her and Gage...if it's him he's dead, get everything ready."

"On it boss."

Chapter 33

Gideon

We entered the house through a secret compartment into the underground office. My heart hasn't stopped beating me to death since I got the news but I was steady as a fucking rock. According to what I found here someone might very well die in the next five minutes. She had to be okay, I won't accept any less, I hadn't found her only to lose her like this a scant few months later, life couldn't be that fucking cruel.

Gage motioned to me with a finger to his lips; there was movement beyond the door. I made my way cautiously over to the cameras to see what was going on. There was no camera feed in the panic room, a stupid oversight on my part; I'd just always thought I'd be on the other side and didn't necessarily want anyone else looking in. That would be first on my agenda.

I heard him before he appeared on screen. "Come out, come out wherever you are. Here little Ashley I have a message from the doc, remember him?" He was feeling around the walls looking for a hidden panel I guess. The man in my hallway did not in any way resemble the dashing debonair senator of the media. He was disheveled and haggard looking. I guess that's what happens when your world is crumbling down around you.

I made a move toward the door but the guys got in my way.

"Steady, steady, we don't know who's out there, we're going in blind the cameras to some parts of the house were deactivated. I can't let you go out there man not until we know for sure."

"Get the fuck out of my way Gage." He might be right but I couldn't stop to think about that now. Somewhere on this very floor not far from me she was scared, that thought alone had me going crazy.

"Where the fuck is she you sure she's here we can't be seen here together?" Another man could be heard through the door, I wasn't quite sure who he was until the senator started talking because his face was hidden.

"Shut the fuck up doc this is all your fault I told you we should've kept a closer eye on her but no you thought that fuck up had it under control, now look at the mess we're in."

"Calm down senator, no use passing blame around we need to find the girl and find out what she told this Thorpe fuck."

"And then what?"

"Then we off them both and get the hell out of here."

"We can't kill the girl I need her...."

"You always were a crazy fuck, it's too late for that."

"Screw you doc."

"You sure Starks said she was here?"

"Yes."

Gideon

I felt my heart drop, Jason? Had Jason betrayed us? But how why?

Wait a minute that didn't make any sense. If it had been Jason she never would've made it to the safe room, would she? What the hell was going on here?

"Let's move I need to get to my wife."

"Okay Gideon we're just making sure that that's it. We still haven't located the security detail in the building and we don't know how we were breeched, if it was an inside job then we need to be careful, we could be walking into a trap."

"Where are they?"

"Don't know yet they're not at their post that much we know other than that I couldn't say and we can't go looking because we'd alert those two and whoever else they have with them that we're here. She's safe in that room boss you have it stocked with everything she needs. We'll have her out in no time."

Yes, again all that's true but my baby will be scared and she's been through so much already in her young life...

"They don't leave here alive." Forget trials and long drawn out bullshit, today was the last those two fucks will ever draw breath.

"That's a given boss."

It felt like forever before Gage gave the all clear. Maurice had gone somewhere and came back with the news that the guards had been knocked out. At least they were still alive. Apparently the two now crawling through my house baiting my wife had used some sort of sleeping gas. I was still trying to figure out who had told them where to find her. I know our marriage had been in the papers yes but neither of those men are locals and my address isn't public knowledge. Sanders might've talked before he bought it but he didn't know where I lived either so which Starks had it been? The father or the son?

"How much longer?"

"Soon Gideon, there's a lot to take into consideration here, we have an unknown in the house granted it wasn't the kid that sold us out, which I'm inclined to believe he didn't. If we off these two assholes we have clean up, the teams already on standby by the way; you're gonna want to get to Ashley as soon as possible and I'm thinking you don't want her seeing dead bodies laying around, too many questions. So we have to do this right. On top of that, although this place is like a fort it's still surrounded by other high-rise buildings and you have more glass in here than the Corning ware factory; you get the picture? We need them in the right location to act, then we'll move."

What he said made perfect sense but still all I could think of was her fear. Now I had the added worry of whether or not her friend had betrayed her as well. Knowing her if that proved to be true it would hurt her more than being hunted by her old tormentors would.

One thing's for sure, if Jason Starks had betrayed us kid or not he was done.

Ashley

I know Gideon will come and get me, I know Gideon will come and get me. I kept saying it over and over to myself as I rocked back and forth. I wasn't really scared, not really. Gideon had told me all about the room so I knew that no one could get in. I think I'm more worried about Gideon coming home and getting hurt. I hadn't had time to grab my phone when I'd seen them coming on the cameras.

I still don't know what had made me look. I'd been watching a movie and laughing, just biding my time until I could go bother Jace. I'd been about to go get a snack, which seemed to be all I ever did these days. It was then that I'd fooled around with the computer and seen them. I didn't stop to think, with my heart in my throat I'd sprung into action and had gone flying down the hallway. I knew if they got their hands on me I'd be dead, my baby would be dead and I'd never see my Gideon again. That more than anything had propelled me into action. When panic threatened to over power me I kept his smiling face in my head.

"I'm sure your husband has this place rigged some kinda way so he knows what's going on. I bet you he'll be here any minute with his goon platoon to rescue us."

Jace had been saying funny things like that for the last half hour to keep my mind off of what was going on. I'd stopped looking at the cameras that showed the two men combing the house looking for me. It made me sick to my stomach to watch. Jake had turned off the volume after they'd started taunting me but every once in a while he took a look to see what they were up to. I couldn't bear to look at them, evil.

"Hey Ash how about a game of chess? I saw a board around here somewhere."

I just looked at him, he was trying so hard to keep me from losing it but this couldn't be easy for him either.

"I'm sorry Jace." He threw a cheese doodle at me.

"Don't be stupid you didn't do anything wrong, I just wish I'd been armed so I could've shot those two assholes instead of hiding out in here. Why didn't you let me go get the gun like I wanted to?"

"Now who's being stupid? You can't shoot a United States senator they'd lock you up and throw away the key."

"What do you think Gideon and his guys are gonna do to them, invite them out for a beer?"

" I don't wanna think about it."

"So don't, you want some ice cream?"

"Ice cream, he has ice cream in here?"

"Did you look in the refrigerator? Dude was planning for Armageddon."

"Yeah, but ice cream wouldn't it go bad?"

"Who knows what goes on in the head of the rich and crazy? I'm sure he has it restocked every few months or something."

"I'll thank you not to call my husband crazy thank you very much." He threw another cheese doodle at me.

JACE

I have to keep Ashley calm, for a minute there I thought she was gonna lose it. I had no doubt that Thorpe would be here soon if he wasn't already. The guy didn't strike me as the type to mess around with her safety and knowing what has been going on lately I'm sure he had it under control. The other reason is my guilt. I'd heard one of the assholes tell the other that Starks had told him she was here, that could only be my father. I should've killed him when I had the chance, should've killed all of them for what they did to her.

Gideon

The doctor checked his watch as he followed the senator down the hall. I could breathe easier now since they'd moved to the second floor, one floor overhead.

"I'm going for her."

No one tried to stop me this time as I made my way to the door. With gun drawn I looked both ways before making my way stealthily down the hall to the door camouflaged as a mural. It would be hard for anyone who didn't know that it was there to find the seam as it wasn't obvious to the naked eye.

I used my own code to open the door and step in. The door was hardly closed before she came flying at me.

Starks just looked at us and rolled his eyes and I have to admit to breathing a sigh of relief. I'd begun to grow rather fond of the kid, wasn't really looking forward to putting a bullet in him; glad to know I wouldn't have to.

"It's okay love I'm here you can stop crying now." Her poor body shook with the force of her sobs as I held her as close as I possibly could. The way she clutched at me tore at my heart, reinforcing the certainty that I'd been right to tell Gage in the end to save those two for me.

Gage was right, taking them out here would raise too many questions, I hadn't thought of that. Keeping them on ice at a secret location until I could deal with them made way more sense.

I still had to wait for the beep in my pocket to let me know it was clear to leave the room. I didn't want her getting anywhere near those two monsters. I'm sure she'd have a million questions especially when news of their disappearance hit the airwaves in the not too distant future, but I'll deal with that when the time came.

"Look at me Blossom." I lifted her tearstained face and ignored Starks's kissy faces in the background. The kid might not catch a bullet but he just might get a smack to the back of the head.

"You're safe, everything's going to be okay; this worrying can't be good for the little one now can it?" I covered her still flat stomach with my hand, not only to offer her comfort but for me as well. To reaffirm to myself that everything I loved was safe.

Chapter 34

When enough time had passed that I thought the coast was clear I led the two prisoners from the room. Not that anyone could mistake the panic room for a prison it had been built with every comfort in mind and after meeting and marrying Blossom in the last few weeks I'd made doubly sure it had everything needed. She was leaning heavily against me like all the air had been knocked out of her, too much. I kept a tight rein on my anger though not willing to add to her distress.

I exchanged a knowing look with Jason when I caught him removing the headphones that he'd had plugged into the monitor. That could only mean one thing, he'd been shielding her from what the men were saying, but he himself had been listening in. Chances are he heard them make mention of his father and his part in what had taken place here today. It was a fucked up situation in more ways than one. More so because I'm gonna have to sit this kid down at some point and explain to him why I offed his old man, but first I had to see to my wife. No doubt all the excitement was too much for her. Poor thing, she's been having a rough couple of weeks, but if everything went well this would be the last time she had to face any danger associated with her father and her childhood.

My guys were gone like the wind by the time we made it out and I sat her down in the kitchen while I went to make her some tea. The kid was talking to her calmly about nothing in particular as I listened, trying to take her mind off of what had just happened I gather. Knowing my Blossom that would be easier said than done.

I made them both tea though Jason looked at me like I was nuts when I put his down in front of him.

"Drink it."

"Dude this is for old women, sorry Ashley."

She snorted tea through her nose and started coughing through laughter. It wasn't so much what he said as how he said it and the look on his face when he said it, as if I'd given him strychnine.

We both laughed because she was laughing and then suddenly the air didn't feel so thick anymore. I sat next to her with an arm around her shoulders while she sipped her tea. I wanted to ask a million questions but decided to wait until she was done. I could watch the tapes later to see how everything had unfolded but I needed to hear her tell it. Needed to gauge just how scared she was and might still be. They'd breeched our home after all, a place I'd convinced her was safe. That more than anything pissed me the fuck off, that they'd sullied our sanctuary so to speak. Which reminded me.

"Baby I forgot in all the madness. I got you something."

"You did, what is it, where is it?" Her eyes lit up and I expected her to start patting me down any second to find her treat. It's amazing how she could switch from one emotion to the next so easily, I'm sure it's something she'd learned to do as a kid. Maybe it was a good thing I'm not sure, the psychiatrist we'd discussed her seeing would get to the bottom of it hopefully.

"It's not here, I have to show you." Her face fell into a sulky pout, which I found sexy as hell so couldn't resist taking a nibble out of her lip. I started to draw her into my lap forgetting for a second that we had an audience.

"Geez get a room." Jason got up to place his cup in the sink. I watched him as he rubbed the back of his neck; somehow I wasn't buying his laid back act. He seemed wound up and ready to spring at any moment. I studied him to see what if anything I could learn from his body language but he wasn't giving anything away. For all his manly size it was easy to forget that he was just a young boy. A boy who'd been on the streets for way too long hiding from his own father, because he'd tried to save a friend. A friend who was now my treasured wife, needless to say Jason Starks' life on the run was at an end. I will of course be taking care of him from here on out no matter what his thoughts on the matter. I'll just let Blossom deal with that when the time comes as I have no doubt his pride might get in the way of common sense.

"I think I've had enough excitement for one day maybe I'll go watch some TV in that gargantuan room you gave me." He stretched and yawned as he started out of the room. "Jace you ok?"

"Never better Ash, I'm just tired and I have to go ponder the fact that my father is an even bigger asshole than I thought."

He left the room and I could see her confusion at his last remark so to sidetrack her I made a split second decision. "Let's go get your gift baby you up to going outside?"

Of course I knew it was safe, the culprits were under guard except for Starks but I wasn't too worried about him. I'm sure the other two hadn't let him in on all they'd had planned or he would've most likely been here with them. Even in their evilness there was hierarchy.

I bundled my little wounded soldier up and after saying bye to Jason we headed out to see her gift. I had to make a phone call on the way to set things up. This wasn't quite how I'd envisioned giving her this particular gift but somehow it seems to fit after the events of the day. We were finally free, well almost. I couldn't wait to get our lives started out from under the bullshit. I still had some shit to take care of before the night was done but that can wait. She'd had too little joy in the last few days. I wanted to give her something good, something that would help take her mind off of all this. She hadn't asked about the safe house because again, that was her way. She knew if there was something to tell I would've told her. She was also steering clear of any mention of the two who were just hunting her down, which I was immensely glad of because that was a conversation I was not looking forward to.

I held her hand as we drove through the streets not wanting to lose contact not even for a second. When I let myself think of what could've happened to her the fear threatened to choke me. After today I was going to make damn sure that nothing like this ever touched her again. I don't see how I'm going to keep her away form the children that were even now at the place I'd secured for them. I wasn't sure how involved I wanted her to be in that whole scenario. If it were up to me she'd never give her past another thought but that's just wishful thinking. Even I couldn't pull that one off.

It made me sick to my stomach to think what might've become of her had I not come along, had she not caught my eye that day not so long ago, which was beginning to feel like years. Soon, hopefully before the little one gets here, things would've settled down and we could look forward to a life of love and peace. I'm going to spoil her ass rotten starting tomorrow and everyday after. Starting with this.

I felt her excitement as soon as we entered the gates. The long driveway that led to the monstrosity at the end was lined with blossoming trees, their scent permeating the evening air as we drove through.

"Gideon?" Her hand tightened on mine as I kept driving until we reached the front door.

"Is it?" she turned to me with her eyes wide and brimming with excitement. It did my heart good to see that.

"Yes love, it's all yours." She threw her arms around me and peppered my face with her precious kisses.

"Can we go in? I wanna see it."

"Sure love the key's under the mat."

I got out and walked around to her side feeling lighter, this had been a good decision after all. Maybe a few hours spent in the house she'd picked out weeks ago, that I'd bought her only today would go a long way to erasing some of the terror she'd faced earlier.

We walked around the big old house going from room to room. I let her wander at her heart's content standing back while she ran her fingers over the two hundred year old wood and exclaimed over the view out the windows. She was happy. After the day we'd just had I consider that a minor miracle. I put it away for now and tried to enjoy her pleasure in her gift. Leave the madness outside for at least a little while.

My only thoughts now were of my wife and child. I could us here, could almost hear the laughter and the joy I knew she would bring into all our lives.

"Is it really ours?" She turned from the window where she'd been gazing out over the gardens in silence.

"Yes baby it's ours, you can change anything you don't like."

"No Gideon I love it just as it is. I can't wait to decorate, we should get books."

Her excitement was infectious as she walked over to me and laid her head on my chest. She still wasn't moving as easily as before because of the accident but she was getting better. She'd had to run and hide from tow madmen on crutches. The seriousness of the situation was now hitting home hard but I fought to hold it at bay as she caressed my chest.

"You want decorating books?" I hugged my sweet girl close enjoying the feel of her in my arms, safe and whole.

"Uh huh."

"You don't want to hire someone to do it?"

"No I want us to do it, can we please?" That face, so precious, how did I get so fucking lucky?

"If that's what you want Blossom then that's what we'll do." She could ask me for the world and I'd find a way to give it to her. I know fuck all about decorating but I guess I can learn.

"Have you had enough...Hold on." My phone went off in my pocket.

"Thorpe."

"You need to get back to the house." It was Gage and from the sound of his voice something was very wrong.

"What's going on?" I wrapped an arm around her and led us to the door.

"It's the boy?" Fuck, she couldn't take anymore.

"Is he alive?" I squeezed her shoulder when she gasped, she had no idea who I was speaking of but she knew something was wrong.

"Yeah but we've got a situation you better get here as soon as possible." At least he wasn't dead. Whatever it was I can handle it as long as I didn't have to tell her that her childhood friend was dead just as she'd found him again.

"Is everything okay Gideon?"

I kissed her hair as I led her to the car. "Yes baby everything's fine we just need to get back we'll get your books later okay."

"Okay."

My heart was a little unsettled as we headed home. I didn't know what I was going to find there but I knew it wouldn't be good, the tone in Gage' voice told me that much. Traffic was light so we made good time and was soon heading up in the elevator. She'd been quiet the whole way here but I could tell she was scared again. Will this shit never end?

My men were all standing around in the kitchen. At the table in the middle of them was Jason, he looked shaken and he was covered in...

" Is...is that blood?" She hobbled to his side before I could stop her.

"What's going on, who hurt him?" What in the fuck? I walked over to where she was standing next to him already close to tears.

"Uh that's not quite what happened boss." Gage inclined his head towards Blossom. I took that to mean he wanted me to get her out of the room.

"Ashley why don't you go get some towels so we can clean him up?"

"But he's hurt, Jason where are you hurt?"

"I'm not Ashley..." He looked to me for help.

"Blossom baby go get the towels like I asked." She looked up at me and left the room reluctantly.

"Start talking."

"He did his old man." Well fuck.

Chapter 36

"I had to do it." The kid started to shake and I put a reassuring hand on his shoulder. My head started to pound, I'd had enough. "It's okay Jason. Where's the body?" I directed my question to Gage and the others. "Already taken care of." Fine now I just had to figure out some lie to tell my wife when she came back into the room. "You don't ever tell her what you did you hear me Jason?" He just looked up at me trying to be brave but he was just a little boy. A little boy who'd just killed his own father. Will the evil these men set off ever end? I heard her coming back down the hallway and braced myself.

She walked right over to him her eyes searching him for injuries. "Jason what happened? Were you in an accident?" He looked to me to take over. I was still trying to come up with something plausible. "It was a deer baby nothing to worry about." That seemed to calm her a little bit and she started fussing at him to go clean up and get out of his ruined clothes.

I was pretty much done, tonight it all ends we had the lead we needed for all the missing and I was confident that we would handle it. There was no reason for this shit to go on any farther, the guilty will pay there was no doubt. My idea of making the senator pay in the public eye was now null and void I'll have to do that shit postmortem. His days on this earth had come to an end when he entered my fucking home and hunted my woman like she was nothing. Now I just had to find a way to leave these two here without too many questions.

"Ashley baby come with me." I took her out of the room and up the stairs.

"Gideon why was Jason out hunting a deer?" Shit.

"I don't know baby maybe he needed to let off steam after the day he had." She seemed to give it some thought as she took a seat on the bed.

"I have to go out for a few hours, I want to go see about the kids we brought home I didn't get a chance to talk to them before we had to come back here." She opened her mouth to ask to come along again I'm sure but since I was lying my fucking head off I had to cut her off.

"Same rules baby you're not going anywhere near them until I'm sure it's safe. Now tell me you're gonna be my big girl and be safe until I get back." She pouted but came over to hug me. "Fine Gideon but I'm having junk for dinner."

"Brat; Just add some vegetables to your plate and I won't be mad." She turned her face up for my kiss, which I gave her while hugging her close. "You promise me that you're okay?" She nodded her head before laying it on my chest. "I'm fine now the police will take care of those horrible people so I don't have to be scared anymore." Not entirely right but if that's what worked. "That's right baby, now go get cleaned up you've got deer blood all over you. She didn't seem to want to let me go so I kissed her head and tapped her ass. "I'll be back before you know it."

I followed her to the bathroom to run her bath before heading back to the kitchen where my men were keeping Jason company. Someone had found him some fresh clothes, which reminded me, the kid needed to go shopping. Gage was kneeling next to him whispering. I'm sure the horror of what he'd done was now catching up to him. I'll deal with that later, time to put an end to this fuckery.

"Jason I'm leaving you in charge of my wife I need you to stay here and make sure she's okay; can you do that?" His chest puffed up just a bit and I saw a little of the cocky kid I'd met only a short while ago. "I can do that."

"Good I think there was talk of junk food in your future get to it. By the way you went hunting deer to work off some steam." He smirked at me before getting up to leave. His shoulders were slumped again by the time he reached the door. With my head in my hand I gave myself a minute to get my shit together. "Let's go end this."

I sat in the back of the limo almost dead inside, I'd turned off my emotions. Blossom had been a little less withdrawn by the time we left mostly because she had Jason to fuss over, but I'd essentially left two wounded kids to look after each other. Fuck me.

We pulled up to yet another out of the way warehouse, this time one of my own. It was dark out as the car drew to a stop and I got out. Gage and the others got out of their ride and came to join me. "Let's go." There was no point in standing around rehashing shit we all knew why we were here.

Inside the building I came up short at what I saw. The two men were sitting side by side strapped to chairs with their mouths taped shut. It wasn't that that had stopped me in my tracks but the way they were strapped from chest to ankles in what looked like yards of chain. What the fuck?

Without preamble I ripped the tape off of first one then the other. "Hello senator, I'm sure you know who I am." He glared around the room like a mad dog while the doctor looked like he was scared as fuck.

"Do you know who I am boy?"

"Unfortunately I do, I've had the displeasure for the past few weeks of wading through your filth. I have the children you sold away into captivity by the way. By the end of tomorrow the whole world is going to know what you are not to worry." He struggled against his restraints and swore a blue streak. Demented fuck. I stood back and let him tire his old ass out. Funny, up close he didn't look like either of his personas. Not the great senator, nor the axis of evil. Instead he looked like a sixty five year old degenerate down on his luck.

"I'm not afraid of you, you can't touch me; what I am is bigger than you and the idiot masses."

"Oh really, I've been wondering about that. Tell me senator, if you have the power to turn Starks into an animal of the night why are you and your sidekick trussed up like two old bitches in my warehouse? What, you ran out of powers?"

"I'm not a fucking dog, you think I did all this so I could run around in the woods smelling my own ass?"

"Actually I have no idea what it is that you were trying to do. Why don't you fill me in since you've got nothing more pressing at the moment? If you didn't want to turn yourself into an animal exactly what is it that you were after?"

"I wanted eternal life." His eyes moved around the room like a feral cat ready to pounce. Maybe that's why the guys had used so many chains to bind these two. They were both bat shit crazy.

"Ahh, every megalomaniac's wet dream, you wanted to play God."

"I am a god."

"Oh yeah, which one?"

"The one." He all but bellowed.

"Yeah? So was Ahura Mazda but we haven't heard fuck all from him in centuries."

"You dare?" Now he's frothing at the mouth, this is like a bad as fuck B movie. I'm expecting the crazy fuck doll to come out of the woodwork any minute now.

"So tell me oh great one; how was it so easy for my men to get the drop on you and bring you here? Doesn't your power protect you from mere mortals? And why didn't your powers help you find what you were looking for in my house you fuck?" He glared at my men again.

"Uh boss, we uh...after reading that shit we found in Starks' diary we thought it best to take certain measures." Gage looked embarrassed by his admission.

"Like what Gage?" This shit is fucked I'm surrounded by crazy fuck people.

"We silvered them."

"You what?"

"We tranqued them with some shit that's supposed to combat whatever the fuck they're on. The cuffs and chains are pure silver." I just looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language.

"It only worked because I'm not at my full power yet, had I been you fools could never have touched me." Well he's fucking nuts, plain and simple. I'll deal with my men's fuckery at a later date. Fucking werewolves and silver and shit what the fuck? But wait. "Why weren't you at full power?"

"That's what that little bitch was for, she was supposed to be my entree into the inner realm. Just a few more months that's all the time I needed. Eighteen years I spent cultivating her..." He got an ugly look on his face as he sneered his next words at me. "Did she tell you I finger fucked her since she was twelve?" He laughed the demented old fuck. I walked around behind him and pulled his head back so our eyes met.

"Let's see just how powerful you are you fuck." I doubt he even felt the sharp blade of my stiletto as it sliced across his throat. The doctor pissed himself and tried to run in his chair as blood sprayed every which way. I walked around in front of him so I could look him in the eye. This motherfucker was the one to touch her. He followed me with eyes of fear. His body shook like he was in a gale storm, perfect. "Good you're scared. I hope you're more afraid than she must've been each time you entered her room you perverted fuck. Did you enjoy tormenting her?"

"I...I was just following orders, it wasn't my idea."

"You think that shit absolves you of guilt? That you were just following orders? Since you like following him so much you can follow him into hell." He tried scooting back in his chair to get away from my advances. I walked around behind him out of view. "Are you a righty or a lefty? Never mind it doesn't matter." I sawed into his wrist with the bloody knife. He screamed long and hard before passing out.

"Wake this piece of shit up." Stefan was only too happy to step forward and smack him in the face a couple times. Shit this shit didn't take so long in the damn movies.

He finally came to when Maurice passed some shit under his nose. I guess it took a second or two for the pain of his severed limb to set in but it couldn't have helped that I held the shit up for him to see. Then the screaming started up again. I was through, all I wanted was to get back home to my woman and be done with this shit. I walked up close and held his eyes as I plunged the blade through his black heart.

No one had made a sound as I stepped back to take in my handy work. "Okay you superstitious fucks how do we get rid of these assholes so they don't show up in my fucking bedroom in the middle of the night?" I was only slightly joking because I didn't know anymore. People believe in some serious shit. I guess it was easier to believe in that shit than to accept that some human beings could really be that fucking evil.

"We're going to burn the bodies then crush the bones into powder and take that shit out to see." I looked at Maurice who sounded like he was having way too much fun looking forward to that shit. "How long does something like that take? Somebody is bound to notice the asshole senator missing before too long and when they do we don't want his carcass laying around."

"Not to worry boss we've got a date with a crematorium only they don't know it."

"Fine I'll leave you to it then, I have to find an all night bookstore my wife wants decorating magazines or some shit." I walked away and out into the night air.

Epilogue

We spent weeks afterwards cleaning up the mess those two had left behind. That's when we found out we'd only touched the tip of the iceberg. The filth ran far and wide and by the time we'd scraped the bottom of the barrel we'd unearthed names of dignitaries and high ranking businessmen and women not only here but abroad. The most horrific thing I think was how far back the shit had gone. We're talking a century or more here. The fuckery read like a Victorian novel, maybe something people would've read to their kids to put fear in them and keep them in line. Only this shit wasn't a story, this was real. Pages upon pages of documented records of the atrocities one class had perpetrated on another for almost two hundred years. At least that's as far back as we were able to go.

After the initial rescue when I'd finally been able to go visit the children and see what kind of state they were in, we'd said fuck it and just went ahead and got the others out immediately. Seeing that shit firsthand shed a whole new light on the situation and my team assured me they could get in and out without loss of life to any of the children we were rescuing. Blossom had wanted to come but again I held firm on that. There was no way I was letting her get anywhere near this shit. Some of the young girls had atrocious injuries. Wounds that because of their placing you knew right away what had caused them. Like the one child who'd been tied up like a dog since her captivity, her poor little wrists were rubbed raw almost to the bone. I couldn't bear the stories that the psychiatrist dad had brought in had to share. Things she'd recorded because it was all going to be used in the media and the courts when I got through exposing these assholes. I'd had to put that off for a minute as well. Couldn't very well do it so soon after having their blood on my hands, that might raise all types of suspicions.

I spent those first few days between home and the safe house. I couldn't forget in helping them that she needed me just as much. We'd had a small private ceremony for her father who she didn't get to see in the closed casket. I didn't want her seeing the fuck without a face. I'd identified him by what was left of him only to reassure myself that he was really gone but there was no way I was letting her see that.

We were finally able to concentrate on her pregnancy for the first time as well. She no longer seemed to carry that haunting fear from before. She never once asked what had happened to the two men but I'm pretty sure she knew. I picked that up about the third time she hugged me out of nowhere and kissed me long and hard before saying thank you and walking away.

When the story did finally break on the six o'clock news weeks later that shit went national in a matter of hours and from there it just took the fuck off. It became an international issue within twenty-four hours. People were scrambling to find their asses. Anyone who'd ever had any association with the two men were back peddling like an Olympic gold medalist in the final stretch. Everyone was suspect. Of course the big guns came down from Washington, they wanted to know where Carla had gotten her information, since they were now into trampling the rights of people's freedom of speech I'd made sure to cover both our asses. I fed her a lesser evil so to speak, one of the elite that had been a part of the sick fuck network of pedophiles. Only I made sure that when she tugged on that string the senator and the doctor fell right into her lap. For all she knew I only knew about the tycoon I'd thrown her. I did that protect my wife. It had taken me a lot of maneuvering and bullshit to be able to tie everything up neatly without her name ever coming up. I had to leave out her father's name in the end; there was no way to implicate him without getting her involved but that was a small price to pay.

Everyone was searching for the two missing men. Of course it's widely believed that they're hiding out somewhere so the news reached to every corner of the fucking earth. I'd protected the children by keeping their names out of the public eye. Those who decided or whose families decided to tell their story had the option if they so chose but no one could get near them. Whistler had tied up the estates in so much litigation their families had been only too happy to settle with the victims. In the end they just wanted it to all go away. The world did not take the buying and selling of children into sexual slavery very lightly. There was damn near a witch-hunt in Washington, everyone was watching everyone else and as was to be expected there was a lot of finger pointing going on. I'd given Carla the copies of what we'd found and held onto the originals of course. We had a list of names on there of men who I was sure thought they'd escaped because their money and names had shrouded them but these fucks would soon be visited in the dead of night. There was about to be an outbreak of something deadly among the world's elite. Couldn't make it too bloody though I'd like to cut their fucking heads off. But that would definitely raise some questions.

I kept my wife isolated from it all, those first few days I dedicated to making sure she was healing properly in body and mind. We found her a doctor that was a nice fit for both of us. She'd agreed to have the sessions in house so Blossom could be comfortable in her own surroundings and I made sure I was always on hand in case things went south and she needed me. The children we'd brought back were once more with their families. In the end we were lucky enough to save most of them but some were already long gone. I kept that truth from her as well she didn't need the heartache.

Jason had had a hard few days of it then too. We'd spent many nights after Blossom had gone to bed talking. He'd hated his father for what he'd been a part of but the child in him had still borne that natural love of a child for a parent. He refused any talk of a shrink and I didn't push but made sure I kept on top of him, watching for any signs that he would spiral downward. The men had taken him under their wing and it wasn't long before he fancied himself some sort of security force. As long as he was no longer losing sleep over the necessary destruction of a monster he could call himself superman for all I cared.

Things were finally quiet now almost a damn year later. Somehow we'd kept her name out of all of it which had been my only concern. After we'd buried her father she seemed to have put the shit to rest. She'd wanted to go through her old home for any mementos she might want to keep and I'd let her. Now she had little pieces of her mom throughout our new home. She wasn't hiding and crying anymore, these days she was too busy driving my ass up the wall for that. Between the two of them it was like a three ring circus around here. I spent most of my time during daylight hours feeling like a fucking school principal but the nights, well let's just say her sensuality hasn't waned. In fact pregnancy seemed to amp that shit up a notch or two.

She loved sex, loved spending hours on end under me; some nights we'd go at it until early morning when I'd finally have to call a halt lest she hurt herself. I fell in love with her pregnant body, she was ripe and round and so fucking sex that just watching her walk across a room could get me hard as fuck. Jason was very attuned and would make himself scarce usually after rolling his eyes at me before heading for the nearest exit. I wasn't too worried about his living with us curbing my enthusiasm. Nothing was ever going to be allowed to do that shit.

Fuck sometimes I could be in the middle of a meeting with the team going over strategy or some fuck and I'd catch a look of her on the monitor moving from room to room and I'd excuse myself and go drag her off somewhere to fuck. Then the bigger she grew the bondage and toys came into play, sexiest fucking thing ever. That shit made me want to keep her knocked up all the time. She just seemed so vulnerable and womanly then, and her body, damn. Just the thought of it was enough to make me shoot off in my pants.

On the other hand when she wasn't under me or over me she was getting into shit with Jason, and the amount of shit these two could come up with boggles the mind. She has no fear these days none whatsoever and that shit scares the fuck out of me. It's as if she's trying to make up for her missed childhood, trying to fit all that she'd missed into each day and now she has a sidekick to help her out. Her security team have their hands full that's for sure. My wild child gives them a run for their money and then some. Sometimes I dread hearing the report of their exploits, which I only get when the men think she's done something to put herself in danger.

I'm headed home now to see what the hell they have waiting for me. At least things had been quieter since the new additions but not by much. They'd just found new ways to torment my ass.

I came through the door of the home she'd made for all of us and headed straight upstairs taking the stairs two at a time. I found her just where I expected her to be. Standing just inside the doorway I watched her, my heart full of love and admiration. She didn't turn though I knew she knew I was there, she always knew. "Give me one." I walked in and stood over my girls, all three of them. We'd had twins, Dana and Jenna. Dana was asleep but Jenna picked her head up as soon as she heard my voice. She wanted daddy to pick her up but first things first. I leaned over my wife and took her mouth, reacquainting myself with her taste. "Hmm, I needed that." I took the baby from her arms as I stood bringing her to my shoulder. They were a little less than two months but already they ran shit.

Everyone bent over backwards to cater to their every need. There were times when I'd have a bad moment as I watched them. I'd imagine the life their mother had led, how much of this had been denied her and it hurt my heart. But Blossom was the complete opposite she reveled in the fact that our girls would have what she didn't. She didn't seem to be holding onto the past as much as I did. I think it's because she never had time to dwell on shit. After the dust had settled somewhat she'd been too busy fixing up our home and running roughshod over poor Jason who she bossed around and fussed over like a hellion. He usually tried hiding behind me to get away from her shit but I just gave him up. He needed it, they both did. He was the one good thing from her past and I was happy that she had that at least.

I learned more and more in those first few months just what the kid had gone through to try saving her. He tried to play down his time on the streets living out of garbage cans, moving from place to place so his crazy ass father didn't find him. Taking rides with strangers that sometimes weren't much better than the animal he was trying to escape. I guess his build had saved him a time or two from unsavory fucks. He shied away from that shit more but I read between the lines. He'd always have a place in our lives because of the sacrifice, plus his being here was just what she needed and I was grateful. That's when I didn't feel like killing his ass. The kid is a fucking menace.

"Where's your brother?" She gave me one of her guilty looks, which meant that either one or both of them had been up to some shit she knew I wasn't going to like. "I think Jenna already knows you see how she just picks her head up whenever you walk into a room?" Uh huh, I know my daughters no one has to tell me shit about them they're both daddy's girls through and through. But I also know my wife and right now she's stalling. That's okay whatever it is that she's done I'll just take it out of her later.

The sex has been phenomenal just here lately. After her six-week checkup a few days ago I've been in her as often as I looked at her, no change there. That natural sensuality of hers is even more enhanced since the babies came. I think it's because giving birth awakened her to her power as a woman, because there's no way I was ever doing that shit. Fuck me; I almost ended the fucking doctor and half the hospital staff during her labor. No one warned me that that shit would be so gruesome. If my men hadn't been out in the waiting room on guard duty I probably would've turned bitch and puked my guts out.

She was scared, screaming and crying all at the same time, all the things that were a big no no. The only time I like my wife to scream is when I'm fucking her so good she forgets there're other people in the house. I have security all over the fucking place these days because I'm never sure if one of those fuckers that I'd burned in that sting would ever find out I was involved and seek retribution. Plus I wanted her to feel safe at all times. And like I said I was fond of taking her down whenever the mood struck, sometimes the bedroom was too far away. But that night her screams had been of a whole other nature. It's not easy for a man to watch his woman in that much fucking pain and not be able to stop it. Afterwards when they'd placed the girls in her arms she'd acted like that shit hadn't just happened while I'd still been fucking traumatized.

"What did you or he do this time baby?" Just then the culprit came through the door into the nursery. He went first to Dana who was asleep in her mother's arms and kissed her head before coming over to do the same to little Jenna who was nodding off on my shoulder. He's a very proud uncle and one of the many people I have to fight to get some time with my kids. He's grown a good foot in the last year and eats like a linebacker but he's still a boy with a boy's heart. He's in school and doing well there, curious about every fucking thing under the sun. A son any father would be proud of until he started encouraging my wife in her shit.

"What have you been up to Jason?" He looked back at her and then back to me with a guilty look on his face before answering. Shit. Well at least he's not in jail or dead so whatever it is I can probably handle it. I walked over to the crib to put my little girl down for her nap. "This one's asleep. Okay give it to me straight." I eyeballed both of them while standing in the middle of the room. "Uh you know that car all the way at the end?" I held the bridge of my nose as I waited for it. "What did you do to my Atalante boy?" Please tell me he hasn't found a way to fuck up an eight million dollar car.

"What's the big deal it doesn't even run? But uh, I think I might've done something to it." He held up his hands and stepped backward away from me and out of the room. "You I'll deal with later." I pointed at my wife as I headed out the door for the garage to see what the fuck the kid had done to my other baby. A man has to have his toys, mine just happen to come in the shape of classic cars. This particular beauty was built in nineteen thirty-seven and was one of only a handful made at the time. Yes it didn't run anymore but so what? It's a thing of beauty.

I found him sitting in the driver's seat with a stupid look on his face. "I wonder how upset she'll be if I kill your ass?" He grinned and I gave it some serious thought until I heard the engine start up. What the fuck? I walked over as he hopped out. "I fixed your piece of crap." I looked at him and then at the car in amazement. There's no way he could've fixed the shit; the dealer said they didn't even carry those parts anymore, hadn't since the fifties or some shit. "What do you mean you fixed it, how?"

"Well I went on line and looked up the old manual, I found the engine on there and just took it apart and worked backwards."

"What do you mean worked backwards?

"Well I had to figure out what made it work in the first place so I could see what stopped working." I didn't understand fuck that he was saying but that didn't stop me feeling like a proud father. "Ash wants to drive it."

"Uh I don't think you can just take this baby out on the road they have laws for that shit, I'll have to look it up. Besides she has a car, or three what does she want with my baby?"

"You do know your wife is stuck in the last century right, this is just her type of crap." He's right there, she does have some archaic views on certain things. Then again that makes my life easier in some ways.

"I don't think it'll run fast enough to be road worthy." I walked around the car running my hands over it. The kid had shined it up too.

"Uh about that, I kinda did a little tinkering with it, it can go zero to eighty in a sec."

"Get the fuck out." Now I want to drive the shit. "Wait a minute, no way, uh uh. This some new scheme you two come up with?" My wife as I've said before has no fear. She goes at life like there's no tomorrow, which is what I always thought I wanted until she got behind the wheel of a car. These days I always know when she leaves the house because her detail calls me at least three times in two hours when they've lost her or more like she's lost them. According to them she likes to play chicken, speeding in and out of traffic to lose them. Except when she's taking the kids somewhere, then I don't get any complaints. The first time I saw her in action I'd taken her by surprise. She'd been driving home from shopping just a few days ago and I'd taken the afternoon off to spend sometime with my girls. I saw the little red rocket go flying by me and almost had a fucking heart attack when I pulled up behind her at the light two minutes later and realized it was her. I started to get out and get her ass but the light changed so I had the pleasure of following behind her with my heart in my throat. I didn't dare call her because I was too afraid she'd kill herself if she answered.

That was the first time I'd ever spanked her ass in anger. I'd been so scared and pissed that I'd barely given her time to climb out of her car before dragging her upstairs and pulling her over my knee. Of course I had to fuck her afterwards just to reassure myself that she was safe and hadn't killed herself on the damn highway. So I'm not sure how much of a punishment it had been in the end.

"You're not driving that car." It was later that night and it was time for bed. She was walking around the bed rubbing lotion into her hands, which was part of her nightly routine. Her hair was now down to her ass, some sort of side affect of the pregnancy, but I loved it. Gave me more length to work with when I'm hitting her pussy from behind. Her breasts are also another favorite of mine these days, like they needed any help. Now they're fuller and filled with milk, which I'm not ashamed to say I partake of on occasion. In fact I'm about to enjoy some just as soon as I get the coming argument out of the way.

"Why can't I drive the car?"

"First because it's my baby, and second because it's a classic and I'm not sure what the laws are on that particular car being driven."

She lifted her silk nightgown up to her hips and straddled me, flinging her hair back over her shoulders.

"I'm your baby." She nibbled on my neck and pressed her pussy into my cock. Well yeah you are; I put my hands on her hips to hold her in place. No way she was winning this round though no matter how good the pussy was.

She worked her way up my neck to my ear and sucked on it before biting down. I felt that shit in my cock. I pulled her face around and pushed my tongue into her mouth while running my hands under her gown so I could get to her. Her tits were poking into me already hard and waiting for my mouth. Pulling my mouth away from hers I pulled the straps down her shoulders and sucked a ripe nipple into my mouth. The warm sweetness of her milk burst onto my tongue as she lifted high enough to find my cock with her little hand and guide it home.

I switched tits licking and sucking as she rode up and down on my cock her fingers digging into my hair as she held me against her nipple. "Go faster Gideon." She bit and licked my ear again and I fucked up into her harder and faster giving her what she wanted, but it wasn't enough. Those six weeks when I couldn't have her had been the toughest for me. She'd had a hard time during labor so there was no way I was going to touch her until she was completely healed, not even to fuck her ass which she has grown to love. I'd put all my energy into making sure she didn't exhaust herself with the babies, helping out as much as I could. But fuck it had been hard keeping my hands off of her.

Now I laid her back with her legs almost to her ears and pounded into her. "This what you want?"

"Yes fuck me harder, go deeper." Shit she was horny tonight, which meant this could turn into an all-nighter. She only talks like that when her emotions are out of control and her pussy needs me to bring the heat.

It got dirty quick, there was milk leaking all over her chest which I tried to lap up as fast as I could as I kept up my strokes deep into her. "Guess what little Blossom. I have the perfect way to calm your little ass down." She looked up at me, mouth open as she fought for air, breasts jiggling with the force of my thrusts. "I'm going to breed you again, the sooner the better." I grinned down at her as she scowled up at me. I pulled out and climbed up her chest pushing my cock into her mouth. "Suck me." She licked her juices off of me, before sucking me in and giving my cock a workout. Shit she was getting too good at this shit, how am I supposed to rule her ass with my dick when she so effortlessly owns the shit?

"Open." I pulled out of her greedy mouth and flipped her over onto her stomach. Reaching over I got the scarf that was sitting on the night table and bound her hands behind her back. I dragged my cock down her ass teasing her until I reached her pussy again. "I'll fuck your ass later right now I want back in that pussy." I left her laying flat on her stomach and drove my cock into her. She grunted and strained against me as I wrapped her hair around my wrist and pulled her head back for my tongue. I felt my cock enter her womb and held still enjoying the sensation of being in her tight hot sweetness.

When she started grinding her pussy into the bed beneath her I pulled back and went in again. Fucking her deep. "Right there, that's where I'm emptying my balls, right in there." I leaned over sending my dick even deeper into her and snapped onto her neck with my teeth. She raised her ass into my thrusts grinding her ass and her pussy onto me, begging me to go faster. I lifted her to her knees and with one hand pulling the scarf that bound her hands and the other in her hair pulled her on and off my cock furiously. Her tight pussy snapped around my engorged cock with each thrust taking me in deeper and deeper.

"Cum for me baby." I pulled her head back and tongue fucked her mouth as I pounded out my lust inside her sweet tight body. She bit down on my tongue as she came and I slammed pass the opening of her cervix and into her womb where I spewed jet after jet of my hot seed into her.

"I love you Blossom." I whispered in her ear as I untied her hands and worked the feeling back into them. She waited until I was resting back on my pillow and settled herself on my chest staring into my eyes. "No Blossom you're not driving it, I took the Bugatti away because of your speeding. If you keep this shit up instead of the Merc I'll get you a Prius."

"Gideon, please, just once I won't speed I promise." I looked down at her pouty beautiful face. The only time I ever deny her anything is when it comes to her safety. She's had her way in everything else but when it comes to that there's no give in me. "No and just in case you get any ideas I'm taking the keys with me from now on; and Ashley, if you disobey me on this your ass whipping won't be like the last one. I'm serious baby no more fucking speeding." Of all the things she could've chosen to fall in love with it had to be something life threatening.

She huffed and tried rolling away. "Get back here." I pulled her back into my arms and hugged her close. "I don't want you getting hurt baby that's why I'm saying no. I want my baby to be safe and whole. Look at me." I lifted her chin so I could look into her eyes. "You're my most treasured gift I can't let you do anything that might take you away from me okay."

"Okay Gideon." Good, she settled down at my side and cuddled with my arms wrapped around her. I kissed her head and settled down to sleep. "But I'm still driving that car." I popped one eye open and looked at her bent head. We'll just see about that. Maybe I'll just have to take her and the babies away somewhere and work on my strategy. Barefoot and pregnant, we hadn't taken the yacht out like I'd wanted to yet. Three months on the water should take care of her little ass. I fell asleep with a smile.

THE END

