CHAPTER ONE

Eight inches.

Julia longed for eight inches.

Or really, eight inches and a brain.

Was that so much for a woman to want?

But some days it seemed like it. Julia had yet to meet a man who could hold his own on all accounts, and judging from the parade of guys who seemed to think getting into a bartender's pants was as easy as ordering a drink, she wasn't sure her luck was going to change anytime soon.

Like this guy. The one with his tongue practically falling out of his mouth as he ogled her mixing his third Purple Snow Globe.

"Here you go," she said as she slid the sugar-rimmed martini glass to the young hipster, decked out in too tight-pants, a plaid shirt and a goatee that needed to have been shaved off.

He wiggled both eyebrows and wobbled in his chair. "And how about a phone number too?"

She flashed him her best "not a chance in hell, sucker" smile. "I've got a phone number for a taxi cab and I'd be mighty happy to provide that for you soon."

Seriously. Did he think that line was going to work? She headed to the other end of the bar to tend to a pair of blondes in low-cut halter tops, hoping they'd be less likely to hit on her. It was San Francisco though, so you never knew. But then, she was used to it. Being propositioned simply came with the territory of tending bar, and Julia Bell let all the come-on lines she heard roll off her every night, like water off a duck's back. Most of the time she barely even noticed them - they became the white noise, along with sounds of beers being poured, glasses being washed, music being played overhead at the bar she was part owner of.

Some days though, she'd like to be propositioned by a man with a brain, a witty mouth and who had the kind of body she'd want to be tied up with all night long.

Or to tie up. She was pretty sure with the right man, she might be into some equal opportunity bondage. But he'd need to be bringing eight inches. Anything less was a deal breaker. Though, truth be told, she had little room in her life now for either eight inches or for romance. Not after the pile of problems her ex had left behind for her. A heaping mass of problems, to be precise.

She popped into the back of the bar to restock swirly straws when her phone rang. She nearly bounced as McKenna's name flashed across the screen. Julia was expecting big news from her sister tonight. After all, she'd helped McKenna's boyfriend pick out the ring.

She crossed her fingers, but then she was damn sure McKenna would say nothing but a big fat yes.

"Tell me everything," she said into the phone.

"It was amazing! He proposed to me right before the play started that his sister is in."

Julia shrieked, and wished she could wrap her sister in a big happy hug right now. "And you said yes, I hope?"

McKenna laughed. "Of course I said yes! I said yes about twenty times."

"So how did he do it?"

"Right on the frigging stage, Julia. On a Broadway stage! He proposed to me on stage!"

"Before 2000 people?"

"No, dork. Before the play started. But oh my god, I'm so happy."

Julia was grinning in the supply closet, bursting with happiness from head to toe. Her sister had been through the wringer in the romance department, but when Chris landed in her life everything changed for the better. Sunshine and roses.

McKenna shared more of the details and Julia oohed and ahhed all throughout the tale. "You better make me your maid of honor," she said.

"As if I'd pick anyone else."

"Good. Now that we have that settled. Are you going to get married on the beach like a proper California girl?"

"I don't know! I haven't thought that far ahead. But listen, enough about me. Chris' sister is involved with the director, and the director's buddy Clay is coming to San Fran tomorrow night for business. I told him to go to Cubic Z and say hello. I told him you were gorgeous too."

She rolled her eyes. Her sister could never resist playing the matchmaker.

"Great. But no free drinks just cause he's a friend of a friend or whatever."

"Never. But Jules," McKenna said, lowering her voice to a whisper. "The guy? Clay? He's smoking hot."

Her ears pricked. "Yeah? How smoking?"

"Un-be-lievable."

* * *

Clay Nichol's redeye to San Francisco was slated to leave in two hours, but business was business, and this deal needed to be ironclad. If he had to push the flight back, he would. He loved nothing more than negotiating and closing a deal. Fine, there was one thing he loved more than deal making. A fiery woman, the kind who could dish it out as well as she could take it. But he hadn't met anyone in the last year who excited his mind as much as his body. So for now, business was his focus. It was opening night of a new Broadway play that his friend and client, Davis Milo, had directed, and that the audience had loved. Man, that made Clay one proud entertainment lawyer since he'd sewn up the deal for Davis to direct the show, and the next one his buddy was eyeing too - a production in London.

The two men were lounging in the empty seats at the St. James Theater, chatting with the London producers.

Davis shook hands with the producers then clapped Clay on the back. "He can handle the rest. I need to go."

His friend took off, and Clay wrapped up the final details of the contract, then left the empty theater and slid into a town car. As soon as the door was closed, he loosened his purple tie; it was his good luck-tie, and he always wore it on nights like these. He unbuttoned a few buttons of his crisp white shirt, stretched his neck from side to side, and reached for his phone. He hadn't been to San Francisco in a while, but he found himself googling a certain bar on the way to the airport. Who knew if he'd make it to Cubic Z, but the woman who'd been proposed to before the show had told him that her sister worked there, then added, "she's gorgeous, and the best bartender in the world."

He shrugged to himself as the car sped to LaGuardia. He wasn't sure if he'd have the time to stop by a bar in San Francisco during this trip. But he found himself wondering about the gorgeous bartender, and whether she might be the fiery type.

* * *

That had been a bitch of a deal. Too many attempts at nickeling and dimeing his client - a high-profile TV talk show host in the Bay Area. Pissed him off. Clay didn't take that kind of shit and he'd made damn sure the network knew that they'd walk. That's when the exec caved and finally started playing ball. That was the secret to negotiation. Always be the one willing to walk. In the end, Clay had landed nearly every point he'd wanted for his client. But he'd felt battered and bruised with their petty ways, so he tracked down the nearest boxing gym, worked off his frustration with a long, sweaty bout with a heavy bag, pounding and punishing until his muscles screamed, and even then a little more. After, he returned to his hotel for a hot shower.

It was damn near scalding temperature as the water beat down hard on him, and he leaned into the stream, washing off the day.

When he stepped out from the water and toweled off, he was nowhere near ready to crawl into bed and call it a night. Negotiations like that warranted a drink, and as soon as the thought of a drink touched down in his head, he remembered the name of the bar, and the name of the supposedly gorgeous bartender.

Julia.

Hmmm...

He had energy to burn, and the bar wasn't far from his hotel here in the SoMa district. He pulled on jeans and a button-down shirt, combed his hair, brushed his teeth, and headed out into the San Francisco night. He only wished he'd thought to bring along a pair of handcuffs, his favorite accessory. They looked mighty fine with black lingerie, thigh-high stockings, and heels on the right woman.

But that was putting the cart before the horse, wasn't it?

CHAPTER TWO

Not Again.

Honestly, how many times was the sloppy hipster going to make a play for her? He was staring at her chest tonight. Part of her couldn't fault him. She'd been blessed in the br**sts department and filled out a C-cup quite nicely, thank you very much. But still. Tact was way sexier than ogling.

"What if I ordered drinks for everyone in the bar? How about that? Would you finally give me your number then?"

"No. Because my eyes are up here," she said, and pointed to her face.

He snapped his gaze up, caught red-handed. But he was relentless. "See? I can be trained. I'm a good boy."

"I'm happy to serve you. But the number is under wraps and always will be," she told him.

The dude was practically spilled across the bar, his chest draped on the sleek metal. "How about another Appletini then?"

"No problem," she said with a private smirk. Julia loved mixed drinks - she had a bit of mad scientist in her that thrilled at discovering new combinations of flavors. But while the bartender in her enjoyed concocting a cocktail, the woman in her wished that once, just once, a guy would be a guy and order a goddamn beer. Maybe it made her shallow, but she didn't care. She would never date a man who drank the sissy drinks she often served. She liked her men to be men. No manscapers need apply.

As she mixed the hipster's drink - some vodka, some apple juice, a splash of apple brandy - a new customer sat down.

"What can I get for you?" She said before she even turned around.

"I'll take whatever's on tap."

She froze in her spot simply because the voice was rough and gravelly, and sent a charge through her with its masculine sexiness. But, the man behind that deep and husky voice was probably a dweeb, right? That'd be her luck. She plunked the Appletini down in front of her least favorite sloppy drinker, then turned to the man who wanted the beer, and holy heavenly fiesta of the eyes.

He was tall. He was broad. He had the perfect amount of stubble on his jawline, and those eyes were to-die for - deep brown and piercing. Then there was his hair - thick, brown, and ideal for sliding fingers through. She didn't want to take her eyes off him, but she knew better than to stare. She quickly straightened her spine, picked her gawking jaw up from the floor, and gave him a cool nod. "We have an India Pale Ale tonight. Will that do?"

"That'll do just fine," he said, his muscular forearms resting on the sleek bar. His shirt sleeves were rolled up and Julia couldn't help but notice how strong his arms were. She bet he worked out. A real man kind of workout. Something hard and heavy that made him sweat and grunt to mold that kind of physique. She poured the beer into the glass, and set it down in front of him. He reached for his wallet, peeled off some bills, and handed them to her.

"I take it you're Julia?"

Uh oh. How did he know her name. Was he an undercover cop? Had she accidentally served someone under twenty-one? She was diligent and methodical in her ID checking and had never let an underage in. Or wait. Her spine stiffened. Was he onto her? Did he know what she did every Tuesday night at a dimly-lit apartment above a greasy restaurant in ChinaTown that smelled of fried pork? That would be over soon though. It had to be. She'd done her time, and was ready to cash in. Soon, she kept telling herself.

"Yeah," she answered carefully, all her senses on alert. She wasn't really doing anything wrong those nights, was she? No, she was just taking care of business as she knew how.

"I hear you're the best bartender in San Francisco."

The tightness in her shoulders relaxed. At least he wasn't a boy in blue come to bust her. But forget his smoldering looks. He was like the rest of them, going for cheap lines, hitting on the woman behind the bar. "Yeah, where'd you hear that? Facebook?"

He smiled briefly, shook his head. Damn, he had a fabulous smile. Straight, white teeth and a knowing grin. But she knew better than to fall for a hot stranger simply because he was handsome. She'd done that before, and it had kicked her in the ass. That's why she was a No-Strings-Attached kind of woman these days. Not that she'd had any attachments of any sort lately - she had too much trouble to untangle herself from before she could even think about getting tangled up in love, let alone the sheets.

"No. Your sister told me. McKenna, I believe."

Oh.

Oh yes.

It all made sense now.

And far be it from Julia to ever doubt her big sister. Because McKenna's assessment was one hundred and fifty percent correct. He was smoking hot. Un-be-lievable. And he was no longer a stranger. He was sister-approved, he wasn't a cop, and he wasn't a heavy, so she shucked off her worries. "Clay Nichols," he said, offering a hand to shake. Nice firm grip. Before she knew it, she was thinking of other uses for those strong hands.

"Julia Bell."

"So how's your day working out for you, Julia Bell?"

She laughed once. Not because it was funny, but because it was such a simple and direct question. It wasn't a cheesy line. "It's not too shabby," she said. "And yours, Clay Nichols?"

He shook his head, let out a long stream of air. "Long, annoying, but ultimately victorious."

"What, are you a fighter?"

"Nah. Just a lawyer," he said then took a drink of the beer. He nodded to the glass in admiration. "Insert lawyer joke here."

"A lawyer walks into a bar," she said, then stopped to shoot him a playful stare. "Actually, that's not a joke. That's me giving a play by play."

He laughed. "You are an excellent commentator so far."

"Why thank you. I can keep it up all night," she said.

"All night? Is that so?" He raised an eyebrow, and his lips curved up in a wickedly sexy grin.

"It just might be. So, you were victorious. That mean you won your case?"

"Just won the right terms in the negotiations. My client is happy. That's what matters."

"What kind of law?" she asked, praying he wasn't going to say something seedy or sleazy - like personal injury law.

"Entertainment law," he said in that deep, rumbly voice that she was already digging.

"I'm a big fan of entertainment. Movies and me, we're like that," she said, twisting her middle and index finger together.

"Likewise. I wouldn't do it if I didn't enjoy the work. But I know what it is, and I know what's not. I'm not saving the world. I'm not putting the bad guys behind bars. I'm just trying to help actors, directors, and TV show hosts get the best deals they can get. Put on a show, make some people happy. That's all I do."

Julia tapped the side of his beer glass. "And I believe I'm in the same field then. I'm not curing cancer. I'm not saving the whales. I'm just mixing a drink, or pouring a beer, and trying to make someone's night a little better. That's all I do."

A grin spread across Clay's face and Julia admired the view. He was a fine specimen of man, with a chiseled face, and hair that could be held onto hard when you needed to. But more than that, their simple conversation was just that - nice and easy. She'd often thought being able to really connect with a guy meant having a deep discussion on the meaning of life. But hell, she had little interest in that these days, given all the crap that was chasing her down, all the things she wanted to shuck off. The past, and the debts she carried from it, were a hard heavy weight on her shoulders. Maybe tonight she could forget about them for a bit. Have a conversation that wasn't about all that she owed. Besides, nice and easy suited her mood. If someone asked her to define the meaning of life lately, then as far as she could see was to try to be happy as best you could. Right now, she was enjoying the way it was easy to talk to Clay Nichols.

Nothing more. Nothing less.

He wasn't pretentious. He wasn't pushy. He had a directness about himself and what he did for a living that was refreshing.

"To entertainment," she said, raising an empty glass in a toast.

"And to being entertained."

"Let's see if you can keep that up," she said, issuing a challenge, because she craved a distraction like this. The last few months of her life had been far too tightly wound. Too much pressure. Too much trouble. Too many things she shouldn't have to deal with, but was stuck with. Tonight, she wasn't going to think about all the things chasing her. Tonight was for fun and for admiring the fantastic view. Sometimes, a woman just needed to to flirt off her stress.

"I'm up for it, Julia. I'm definitely up for it."

* * *

That McKenna was right. Hell, she was more than right. Her sister was hot as sin with those curves, those br**sts, and the perfect kind of hips that he'd like to get his hands on. Her hair was lush and reddish brown. Her lips were full and ripe for kissing. As well as other things. But more than that, she was feisty, with that smart mouth firing off innuendo with every word. She could dish it out, and she could take it. After the day he'd had, after the way his days went in general, he wanted a night like this.

So they chatted on and off as she served more customers. She asked him about the deal he'd worked on today, and he told her what he could tell. He asked her about the night she'd had, and she nodded to a skinny guy slouched over the corner of the bar, and there was something so easy - so completely lacking in the bullshit and abrasiveness of office hours - about talking to her.

As she mixed up a purple concoction with sugar on the rim, she crooked a finger toward him, signaling for him to lean closer across the bar. He obliged; he wasn't going to complain about being near to her.

"Do you want a Purple Snow Globe, Clay?"

He met her gaze straight on, her green eyes so inviting. "If it's that a drink, no. If purple snow globe is a secret code word for something naughty, I'm game."

"Well played," she said, raising an eyebrow. She eyed the drink she'd just made with a proud sort of look. "It's my signature cocktail. Some day, I'm going to win an award for this bad boy."

He leaned back in the stool and took a slow measured drink from his beer glass, then set it down. "Will I regret not ordering then? For the chance to say I drank a Purple Snow Globe once at a bar in San Francisco?"

She flashed a sexy smile, then whispered. "It's absolutely delish, so you might regret not tasting it. But I'm glad you didn't order it because it's nothing a man should ever ask for at a bar and expect a woman to want him," she whispered near his ear, her hair brushing his cheek, making him instantly hard. But that wasn't entirely true. He'd been borderline hard for most of the conversation. The feel of her silky strands along the with the words want him just ratcheted things up a notch or two.

She stepped away to deliver the drink to a customer and tend to more orders. As she returned to his end of the bar, he picked up where they'd left off. "What do you think a man should drink at a bar?"

"Scotch," she said, punctuating the word with a perfect O shape to her lips. "Or whiskey," she said, her voice a purr now. "Bourbon works too."

"I believe you just named all my favorite drinks."

"I had a feeling you might like those."

"Did you?"

"I always know how to match a drink to a man."

He tapped the side of his beer glass. "Then I'd like to know why I have a beer here in front of me. Tell me that, Julia."

She paused, tilted her head to side with a mischievous flare to her moves, then licked those luscious lips. Damn her; she was hotter than words, and she knew how to play. "When it comes right down to it, a man should drink what the bartender gives him," she said in a sultry voice that made him want to hear her say other things. Lots of other things. Like Hold me down hard. Or Tease me with your tongue. Yeah, those sorts of things. "That's the best match I can make."

"I don't want you making that match for anyone else then tonight," he said firmly, giving her a hard stare, reminding her that he could play too. Because he knew exactly what he wanted. Her. And he didn't want anyone else to have a shot. "Especially because I'm finding the bartender has excellent taste."

She raised an eyebrow. "She does. She has impeccable taste, and she's only making one match tonight," she said, layering her words thick and hot with innuendo.

He wasn't entirely sure where the evening was going next, only because he wasn't the kind of man to take a woman like Julia for granted. He wasn't going to make any sort of assumptions because assumptions got you into trouble in life. He knew that well from his line of work, and from the crap he'd dealt with from his ex, who'd brought heaps of heartache to him in their last few months together before it ended. It was also entirely possibly that Julia was a shameless flirt, angling for a big tip with her saucy little mouth. You couldn't rule anything out, and regardless of where the night ended up, he planned on tipping her well for her bartending work because the woman was doing a hell of a job.

There were other jobs he'd like from her though.

Soon the crowds thinned, and Julia finished up the last call, and then she leaned across the bar, her lips dangerously near his jaw. "You don't have to go when I lock up. In fact, you are more than welcome to stay."

Oh yeah. He was entirely sure where the evening was going now.

CHAPTER THREE

The sound of the lock snapping closed was wholly satisfying. It was the sound of one part of the night ending and another part beginning. A better part. A possibly delectable part.

The no strings attached that she needed. This man, in town and then heading out of town, seemed like the absolute perfect fit for her.

She could act all prim and demure like she planned to just kiss Clay and send him on his way. But the thought of getting hot and bothered and then forbidding any south of the border activity had zero appeal to her. She was going for him, for all of him. She didn't care if that made her sex-hungry. She was hungry for sex. She was jonesing for the kind of roll in the hay that would demolish the tension in her shoulders, let her forget the things she wanted to forget. She had so much trouble in her life, thanks but no thanks to her ex, who'd left town and saddled her with all his problems. Life had been non-stop pressure and worry since then, and she needed a break from it for one night.

Yeah, she was ready to screw the stress right out of her system, and this man seemed the ideal candidate.

Clay was waiting at the bar, tall and hard and sexy as hell in his jeans and button-down shirt. Julia wasn't naive enough to think there was anything deeper going on than a chemical reaction. But what a reaction it was. Her body was drawn to him. His voice affected her, and his dark eyes were so mesmerizing they lured her in. But looks didn't always make for a good lover, did they? No. A good lover took care of a woman, made sure she came first, and then again and again. And Julia could go for an orgasm or two tonight. Maybe even three.

Could this man deliver the goods beyond the surface? Were his hands and his tongue as worthy as the rest of him?

When she returned to him, she didn't mince words. She didn't have time for bullshit, or dating. She was a woman who spoke her mind. "So here's the thing. I've got an idea of how I see the rest of the night playing out. What I'm wondering is if it aligns with yours?"

"Horizontally? That sort of alignment?"

She nodded several times. "I see we're in agreement. So does that mean you're going to put out for me tonight?" She asked with a wicked grin, teasing him with the teenage crudeness of her words.

He cracked up and so did she. Julia liked even more than he could appreciate her dry and dirty humor.

"Yeah. I think I'll put out for you tonight," he said, then stalked closer, his solid body nearing hers, erasing the space between them as he cupped her cheeks in his hands, and captured her mouth in a hot, wet kiss. It wasn't a slow kiss or a dreamy kiss. No, it was a hungry one that sent a rush of heat flooding her veins. He spun her around, lifted her up on the bar, then edged himself between her legs as he slid his tongue over hers, explored her lips and her mouth as he kissed her hard and furiously. Like she wanted to be kissed, his stubbled jaw rough against her face. He thread his hands into her hair and he wasn't gentle with his touch, and she thanked her lucky stars for that. Softness was for kittens, pillows and pretty cashmere sweaters. Sex needed to be hard, hot and oh-so-rough around the edges.

She didn't want to coddled or cuddled. She wanted to take and be taken.

He kissed her greedily and she was sure she'd still be able to feel this kiss tomorrow, in her bones, in her knees. It flared through her whole body like a comet, igniting her. She grabbed his firm ass, yanked him closer until she could feel the full length of his thick c**k in her center.

Oh, he had it going on. He definitely more than met her requirements. She rubbed herself against him and he groaned, then broke the kiss, moving his mouth to her ear. "You like that?"

"I do like that."

"You like feeling how hard you made me?"

"I don't like it. I love it," she said.

"I've been rock hard for you all night, Julia. All night, I've been like this."

"That's a long time to be so hard, Clay. I bet you need me to do something about that."

He pulled back to look at her, arching an eyebrow. "Yeah? What do you think I'd like you to do about that?"

"It's not a matter of what you'd like me to do. It's a matter of what I'm going to do," she said, reaching for his hand that was looped through her hair, freeing it, then bringing his fingers to her face. She drew his index finger into her mouth, wrapping her lips tightly around it, and sucked hard. She watched as his brown eyes filled with heat. Then she pushed her hips against his, grinding against his hard cock, leaving no question as to where she wanted him next. She released his finger, then hopped off the counter, missing the press of his body, but wanting to do this her way. She walked behind the bar, reached into her purse, and took out her favorite accessory, dangling her handcuffs for him to see.

She was a woman who knew what she needed, and she needed control. So much of her life lately was far beyond her control. She needed this connection with him to be on her terms.

His brown eyes widened with lust. "You keep handcuffs with you?"

"Never been used. Been waiting for the right man. And I have a feeling you'd like it if I cuffed you right now."

"I'm not going to deny you."

She walked to him and swiveled the stool around, so the wood slats were easier to reach. She grabbed his wrists, pulled them behind him, and cuffed him to the wood. The sound of the metal locking into metal sent a thrill through her. He was hers for now. When so many other things slipped through her fingers like sand - money, hope, her future - this she could hold onto. This moment - his pleasure - was in her hands.

"Now, Clay. Tell me. How do you like it?"

"Deep," he growled. "Take me in deep."

"You want to f**k my mouth, you're saying?"

"I would love to f**k that pretty mouth of yours."

She slipped her fingers into the waistband of his jeans, sighing deeply as she felt the hard planes of his belly. She unzipped his jeans, pushed them down to his knees, and marveled at the thick bulge of his cock, the outline of his size shockingly visible though his briefs. Rock hard, and all for her. All because of how much he wanted her. Heat tore through her as she pressed a hand against his length, palming him.

He hissed as she touched him, his broad chest rising and falling, a dark look of hunger in his eyes. There, that was it. That was what she wanted so badly it sent her body into overdrive - his reaction.

"Now, you're starting something, gorgeous," he said. "And you're going to need to finish it. When you take me in your mouth, you need to take me all the way in."

"Oh, I will. I most definitely will."

She pushed his briefs down, and hot sparks shot straight to her core, turning her molten as she looked at him for the first time. He had a beautiful, majestic cock. Long, thick, and perfectly shaped. She couldn't wait to taste him.

* * *

Clay rolled his head back in pleasure and breathed out hard. This woman was more than fiery. She was scorching and she was a giver, and he couldn't have scripted a better combination as she toyed with him. She gripped him hard in one hand, the way he liked it, squeezing the base, but then teasing the head with her talented tongue, swirling little lines around him that made him want to piston his hips into her lush mouth.

She licked him up and down, lapping him up like a lollipop, all while making the sexiest little murmurs as if she were enjoying it as much as he was. Was that even possible? Because his body was buzzing all over, and then he felt as if electricity had been shocked into his bones when she stopped licking and dived in, taking him all the way in.

"Oh, that's perfect, Julia. Yeah, I want to see those lips of yours nice and tight on me."

She glanced up at him, answered with her pretty green eyes that she intended to stay that way, to ride him hard with her warm mouth.

"You take me in deep, now, okay?"

He might be the one handcuffed, but he still wanted her to know that he liked to be in charge. He couldn't move his hands, and that was a shame because he wanted to pull her head closer to him.

With her lips gripping him, she stroked him with her tongue.

"Keep doing that," he rasped out. "But I want it harder and faster."

She didn't need his direction, but she took it, sucking him in as far as she could. He felt her throat relax as she drew him in, and he loved that she wanted all of him. That she inched her body closer, that she moaned as she tasted him.

"You've got all of me now. But I can't touch your hair with my hands like this, and it's killing me not to grab hard on all that luscious hair," he said as he began thrusting into her. The view of those red lips around his c**k sent waves of pleasure through his body, hitting him deep in his bones with the intensity. "So I need you to know that when I take you soon, I'm going to have my hands all wrapped up in your hair and I'll pull harder to make up for what I'm missing right now having my hands cuffed."

She wiggled her eyebrows playfully, then swirled her tongue against his dick. She was the sexiest sight in the world, those gorgeous red lips opened wide and holding on tight. But as much as he wanted to keep watching her, he could barely focus anymore as his climax started to build, and he shuddered. He closed his eyes, rocked into her mouth, and told her what was coming next.

Him.

"I'm going to come any second. And I'm going to come in your mouth. That all right with you?"

She nodded and sucked harder, stroking him with her hand, all while keeping him far inside her delicious mouth. Then she grabbed his ass hard with her other hand, pulling him even closer as his orgasm tore through him, and she swallowed his release.

When he recovered the power of speech, he told her he needed a Purple Snow Globe.

Stat.

* * *

Julia had never been pinned with her own bra before. But here she was, spread out on one of the leather lounge chairs in the back of the bar, her hands above her head, the silky straps digging into her flesh. That man knew how to tie some serious knots. After buttoning his jeans, Clay had proceeded to take the reins. He undressed her quickly, stripping her down to nothing, his eyes raking her over as he tugged off her sweater, her jeans, her bra and then her panties, inhaling sharply when she stood naked in front of him, savoring the view before he laid her on the chair and quickly tied her own pink lace bra around her wrists.

"I liked that bra, you know," she said.

"It'll still work."

"Are you sure?"

"Do I look like the kind of man who would rip such a pretty pink bra?"

She shook her head. "I bet you are the kind of man who could take it off with his teeth."

"I might do just that next time."

"No cuffs for me?"

"Think of me like MacGyver. I use other tools," he said with a glint in his eyes.

"Fine. I'm all for equal opportunity bondage."

"And I'm all for equal opportunity oral." He kissed her mouth hard, silencing any more of her quips. But he quickly broke the contact. "Now where's that Purple Snow Globe you just made?"

She tipped her chin to the table next to them, eager to see what he had in mind for the drink he swore he'd never touch.

He reached for the glass, holding up the purple drink with raspberry juice, gin and her secret ingredient, then sugared on the rim. His lips quirked up in a grin. "Now I won't have any regrets about not ordering this, though I believe this is the only way I'd want to drink a Purple Snow Globe," he said, then carefully tipped the edge of the glass above Julia's br**sts, letting some of the liquid spill between them. She shivered as the droplets slid down her belly. Clay bent his head between her br**sts and licked up the dark liquid.

"Mmmm. That is a an award-winning drink," he growled against her skin, and she writhed into him. He raised his head and poured more of the drink on her belly. Some of it spilled onto the lounge chair, but he quickly captured the rest with his tongue. A ripple of desire tore through her as he touched her. She wished her hands were free so she could push his head between her legs where she wanted him. Where she was dying for him. She desperately wanted to grab hard onto his hair, pull him into her, and let him plunder her with his tongue. She ached for his touch, and she was turned on beyond any and all reason.

But he had other plans, inching up to her br**sts, cupping them in his big strong hands.

"Your br**sts are gorgeous, and I bet you'd like it if I bite down just a little bit," he whispered roughly against her skin, and his sexy words made her even more fevered. He flicked his tongue against her nipple, drawing it deeper into his mouth until she cried out. Then he bit down. Not so hard it hurt, but hard enough that it hurt so good.

"That feels so good," she moaned.

"Good." He licked a wet path between her br**sts, squeezing them as he brought the other one into his mouth, sucking hard on her nipple til it was a diamond point in his mouth. Her hips shot up, her body nearly begging for relief. Every flicker, every touch of his tongue on her drove her wild, sending sparks through all her cells. He drew her nipple across his teeth, slowly, so torturously slowly that she cried out. "Please."

"I can do so much more to you with my mouth."

"I want it," she panted. "I want to know all the things you can do with your mouth."

"Then I'll have to stop talking and start eating," he said, looking up at her holding her lustful gaze with his own dark, hooded one.

"You better," she said, and gasped as he settled between her legs, his strong shoulders against her thighs. He licked her once, swirling his tongue against her wetness. She arched her hips instantly, her body terribly desperate for his touch. For contact where she wanted him most. He pulled back to look at her.

"More, please," she said playfully.

"You like that?"

"Uh, yeah."

"I need you to spread your legs then, Julia. I can't go down on you the way I want until your legs are wide open."

Heat surged in her body as he dirty talked her.

"How far?"

She let her knees fall open, watched his reaction. His eyes grew darker, as he stared greedily at her center. She'd never wanted a man to go down on her more than she did in this instant. She was dying for his mouth. She wanted to feel his lips and let him work his magic tongue on her. She wanted to let go, to give in to the moment, to the night, to the tantalizing possibility of coming hard and good with him.

She needed it; the blinding wave of getting lost in release, the druggy bliss of pleasure and how it could drown out all your troubles, at least temporarily, and leave you awash in intoxication for a spell.

"I want you wide open for me. I want to see how far you can spread your legs," he said, pressing his hands on the inside of her thighs and pushing her legs apart.

She felt helpless with her wrists pinned over her head, as he opened her legs into a wide V. She was submitting to him, trusting him with her pleasure - naked, tied and spread on the leather chaise lounge.

"I need to make sure you keep your thighs wide open for me because that's how I like it. You think you can come from just my tongue? Because I'm not going to use my fingers," he said roughly, in a challenging tone, then flicked his tongue against her wetness to demonstrate what he could do with his tongue alone. The feeling of him was so astonishing she groaned loudly, wriggling her hips. "Yeah, I think I can come from your tongue."

"You sure? Because I want to save the inside of you for my cock. It's going to be hard for me to hold back, but I can do it. Can you?" he asked again as he pressed a hot wet kiss between her legs.

She moaned and rocked into him. "Yes. Your tongue is amazing."

"You have to do it my way, Julia." With a firm grip on her legs, he licked up the side of her thigh, causing her to shudder, then move her legs reflexively.

"Keep them open, gorgeous," he commanded. "If you close your legs, I'll stop."

"I'll keep my legs spread," she said in a raspy voice she barely recognized as her own. Hell, she barely recognized herself, she was so overcome with lust and the aching need for him. "I will."

"You listen to me, and I'll make you writhe and moan. If you don't listen, I will have to stop and wait until you can follow orders," he said sharply, staring hard at her, his brown eyes making it clear he was in charge. "Don't make me wait. I don't want to wait. I want to taste you so badly it's killing me."

"I'll listen because I can't wait either," she said, surprised how she'd shifted from the badass woman on her knees with his thick c**k in her mouth, to the submissive, giving over her pleasure to this man she barely knew. But sometimes that was the point of being with someone you barely knew. Because you could give in to the purity of the physical. You could shuck off the days and the nights, and linger in that other zone where troubles couldn't touch you. Where you were impervious. She was there now; she wanted to stay there all night long. If that made her submissive, or bad, or sex-crazed, fine. She'd take any and all of those adjectives heaped on her. But right now, all she knew was want, and that was all she wanted to know.

To hell with her problems, her troubles, her past. To hell with her ex and to all she owed. To hell with everything else but this.

He pressed his tongue against her wetness, licking her, swirling delicious lines across her core. She angled her hips closer to his mouth, gasping in delirious pleasure as he kissed her hard and licked her. He explored her, sensually, deliberately, consuming her as if she were the best thing he'd ever tasted. That's how he made her feel with the sounds that rumbled low in his throat as he stroked his tongue across her.

He lavished attention on her clit and she screamed in pleasure, futilely trying to grasp at something, anything, with her tied-up hands - just to hold on - as he buried his tongue inside her.

She arched her hips as the sensations shot through her, hard and fast, like quicksilver tearing through her blood and veins. The feelings were so intense from his delicious mouth making love to her, and his hands holding her down hard, making her open and completely vulnerable. She had no choice but to let him go down on her however he wanted. He was masterful with his lips and his tongue, licking her clit while kissing her pu**y senseless. Her pulse raced, her blood roared. Soon, she started to lose control, rocking into him recklessly. She wanted to pull him close, but her hands were pinned, and she liked it that way. No, she reveled in it - as the waves of ecstasy slammed into her, crashing into every corner, flooding her inside and out.

She shuddered and moaned, saying his name over and over. As the feelings ebbed, he tugged her close and kissed her cheek. Her forehead. Her neck. Even her nose.

Soft, sweet, fluttery kisses. Her body felt like a noodle. She was warm and glowing, in that heady state after an epic orgasm. He seemed to sense that she needed a minute to bask in the aftereffects. Gently, he untied her hands as he buzzed his soft lips from her throat to her ear.

"Did you like it when my face was between your legs, Julia?"

His voice was low and soft, and there was a tender tone to it. So different from the rough way he'd talked to her when he issued his instructions. She pressed closer to him, savoring the momentary sweetness, loving that he had so many sides - hard and hungry, then gentle when he needed to be. He ran a hand down her side, across her waist, traveling to her hip. He bent his head to her belly, layering a gentle kiss there, then over to her hipbone. She could get used to this, to this kind of touch - rough at times and gentle at others, and he knew when to hit each note.

"I loved it," she murmured.

"Good. Because you taste fantastic on me," he said, then claimed her mouth in a quick, hot kiss. "And now you taste fantastic on you."

She looped her hands into his thick hair and wrapped her legs around his hips, letting him know what she wanted next. "Can you please sleep with me now?"

He raised an eyebrow. "You ready to feel me inside you?"

"God yes," she said. "But you need to get naked like I am." She said and quickly unbuttoned his shirt and pushed down his jeans.

He pulled her up from the chair, looked deep into her eyes, then raked her over head to toe. "I am so glad I walked into your bar tonight, because this is the best night I've had in a long time, and you are quite possibly a perfect woman. So as far as I can see, the only thing that could possibly make it better is you bent over the chair with your ass in the air."

She hitched in a breath as a ribbon of desire was unleashed in her body. "I want it hard, Clay," she told him as she turned around and bent over, lifting her bottom for him. "I want it hard and deep and I want to feel your c**k all the way inside me."

He fished in his wallet for a condom, rolled it on, and smacked her ass once.

"You will feel me for days, gorgeous."

* * *

That back.

So long and sexy and smooth. That hair, all silky and thick and perfect for tugging. But that ass. It was so inviting. Clay rubbed his palms against her smooth, soft skin, then placed a thumb on each cheek to spread her open. Her pu**y was glistening and his c**k twitched eagerly at the sight; jumpy f**ker was ready to be inside her, but he wanted to enjoy the view as he entered. She'd tasted delicious, so hot and sexy and willing, but maybe she tasted so good to him because she liked it the same way he did. She liked to dominate and to be dominated. She liked to talk dirty, and be talked dirty to. She was a scorching combination of everything he'd ever craved in the bedroom - never had he met a woman before that he'd clicked with in every way - and now he was was going to have her how he wanted. He teased her wet lips with the head of his cock. She whimpered, then raised her ass higher.

"You like how my c**k feels against you? You want me inside you?"

"Yes, I don't want you to tease me. I want you to take me," she said in a firm tone, turning her head to shoot him a sharp stare.

"You telling me what to do, gorgeous?"

"Yes. I'm telling you what to do. And you better take me now because I don't want to be teased."

He rubbed himself against her, and her body responded instantly, shivering as he toyed with her. "But it seems you like teasing," he said playfully as she pushed back against him.

"Clay, please," she said, as if she desperately needed him to put her out of her pent-up misery.

"You gonna beg for it?"

"No," she said, reverting to her tough stance. "I don't want to beg for it. If you make me beg, I will go masturbate."

He smacked her ass for that impudence. But he loved her feisty attitude; it shot sparks through his whole body. "I would love to watch you touch yourself," he said as he pushed the tip of his c**k inside her.

"You think I'd let you watch?"

"Oh, gorgeous. You'd love it if I watched. You'd get even wetter with my eyes on you as you fingered yourself. Are you good at making yourself come, Julia?" He said, sliding in another inch and rolling his eyes back in his head at the feel of her hot flesh surrounding him.

"So good at it. I will make myself come in seconds if you don't f**k me deep right now," she said, looking back at him, her green eyes fiery and demanding as she taunted him. "Maybe I'll even torture you by letting you watch."

"I fully intend to take you up on that kind of torture sometime," he said. But not now. Because right now he wanted to be buried deep inside her more than he wanted to tease her, toy with her, control her. "But right now, you're getting what you want."

Screw teasing. Screw taking it slow. He sank into her and they groaned in unison. She felt extraordinary, so tight against him.

She braced herself with her hands on the back of the lounge chair. "You feel amazing," she murmured, and that made him even harder, hearing her unfettered reaction. No saucy talking back, no snappy mouth. Not that he didn't love those things. He did. A hell of a lot. But to hear those simple words escape her throat turned him on fire.

"Clay," she groaned as he rocked into her, stroking in and out, hitting her far and deep, then pulling almost all the way out. Only to pound into her again.

"Is this what you wanted when you looked at me with those f**k-me eyes behind the bar?" He whispered roughly, holding her hips hard as he slammed back into her.

"Yes," she cried out.

"Did you picture bending over for me and letting me take you? Letting me own you with my c**k so far inside you?"

He thrust into her again, and she wriggled her ass. Such a beautiful sight, that smooth creamy skin. He rubbed his palms against the soft perfect globes. He wanted to bite it, to sink his teeth into the sweet flesh and leave a mark on her, but there would be time for that later. For now, this woman needed a good hard round with him that would radiate through her beautiful body for days.

"I was just hoping you'd be eight inches," she said, and he could practically hear the smirk in her voice.

He thrust hard into her, making her cry out. Then he stopped his movements, remaining still and deep in her. He bent over her, his strong chest against her sexy back, and he gripped a fistful of her hair. Then he licked the shell of her ear. "More than eight inches, gorgeous. Don't ever doubt that."

She drew in a sharp breath. "Pull my hair," she said, and he did, tugging hard.

Then he drove into her again, each thrust reminding her of what more than eight inches felt like. Her cries grew louder and her breathing more erratic. He reached his other hand around to touch her clit. Fast, quick strokes while he buried himself deeper in her. His own climax started to build.

"I'm going to come soon, Julia. But you need to come first. I want you to come so badly. I've wanted it just as much as you wanted me inside you. Tell me how much you wanted me," he said, sliding his thumb across her as she trembled and bucked her hips against him.

"Yes, I wanted you so badly. And I wanted you to make me come, and now you are. You are making me come," she said in a broken, breathy voice. He let go of her hair, cupped her chin and turned her face to him so he could watch the expression in her eyes as he brought her to the other side, her eyes squeezing shut, her mouth forming a perfect O, that first silent moan. Then, she screamed out loudly, his name echoing around the bar, and he chased her orgasm with his own, groaning as the pleasure ripped through him, tearing through ever damn cell in his body, lighting him up with electricity. Then they collapsed onto the lounge, a sweaty tangled mess of limbs and flesh. He pulled her close, spooning her, and kissed her earlobe.

"Come back to my hotel. Spend the night with me," he said softly. "I want to curl up with you. I want to wake up with you. I want to make love to you before I leave."

She shivered and breathed out hard.

"Yes."

CHAPTER FOUR

Later that night, Julia lay in Clay's arms, blissed out and sleepily content from her third orgasm of the evening. The man had delivered on every promise. When he'd told her he planned to make love to her, he wasn't kidding. Back at the hotel, he'd worshipped her body, layering kisses all over her from head to toe - yes, he even sucked on a toe, and it felt exquisite - and then he'd entered her. It had been one of those lingering, unhurried and wickedly wonderful sessions. Her legs wrapped around his back, him taking his time with long, tantalizing thrusts, rolling his hips in and out, all while kissing her neck, her face, her br**sts. The man could f**k and the man could make love. He could give her orders, and he could take her direction. He could yank hard on her hair, and blaze a trail of sweet kisses against her damp skin.

Now, he snuggled with her, tucking her against his big, strong body. His toned arm was draped under her br**sts, and she could feel his smooth, flat belly against her back. The perfect position for apres-sex. "Mmm....this is nice," he said, brushing a soft, quick kiss on her shoulder. "I'm glad I met you."

"Me too," she murmured.

"Tell me something about you I don't know."

"Well, that would be almost everything, wouldn't it?"

He laughed. "I know plenty about you already. I just want to know more."

"Tell me what you know already."

"I know you're tough as nails, that you don't take shit from anyone, that you can size people up in a second."

"That's my job. Any good bartender worth her salt can do that."

"And you're excellent at it. I also know you take pride in your work. Even though you're not saving the world you like being good at what you do."

She shrugged against him. "I suppose that's true."

"So there. I know stuff about you already." He snuggled her closer, drawing lazy lines across her belly as they talked. "I also know you're daring, and not afraid to speak your mind, and that you have a healthy sexual appetite."

She smiled, and elbowed him playfully. "I do, but don't think I get around because I don't. You're the first man I've been with in a year."

"You've been with women in between then?" he asked, in a teasing tone.

"Ha ha. But not what I meant. Though I'm sure you wouldn't mind."

"I absolutely would not mind watching you eat pu**y one bit. In fact, I'm going to add that to my bucket list. You, and all that gorgeous red hair spread out across a pair of sexy thighs as you lick and kiss and suck..."

She shook her head and laughed. "You are trouble. All I was saying is that I don't do this often. I don't hookup with men who come to my bar."

"I came in your bar too," he added, making Julia snicker once again. The moonlight shone through the window that overlooked the streets of San Francisco, and the white gauzy curtain blew gently in the night breeze. Outside the door, she was vaguely aware of a cart being rolled, which meant room service somewhere on the floor was being delivered. Maybe to another pair of new lovers who were famished after the best kind of workout. But even if there were other lovers nearby, she knew - beyond a shadow of a doubt - that no one else had this kind of mind-blowing chemistry. She and Clay were electric. "Anyway, I don't do this either. It's not a habit. You have to know you're irresistible, Julia. Irresistible," he repeated.

With that one word, her heart beat the tiniest bit faster; maybe it even started to leap. And a part of her wanted to bolt for having the single tiniest little feeling beyond the physical. But another part of her wanted to bask in that feeling a little more.

"So are you," she whispered.

He ran his strong fingers through her hair, touching her softly. "Now, let's go back to the start of this conversation. I want you tell me something about you. You're not getting out of this so easily."

She wriggled her rear against him. "I wasn't trying to. What do you want to know?"

"What do you like to read?"

She smiled in the dark. She liked that he'd asked first about books, rather than movies or TV, the world he trafficked in. "Books," she said dryly.

"What kind of books, Little Miss Sarcastic?"

"Adventure stories," she said, and she could practically feel him raise an eyebrow inquisitively. She shifted to her other side so she could face him as they talked. He shot her a quizzical look, as if he were perturbed by the breaking of the physical contact. He solved the problem quickly, reaching out to touch her, running his hand down her thigh.

"Can't keep your hands off me?"

"No, I can't. And I see no reason not to touch you. What kind of adventure stories?"

"Real adventures. Scary adventures. Like the ship captain who was held hostage by Somali pirates."

"A Captain's Duty," he said, and she was impressed he knew the title of the book, rather than simply the title for the film based on it. "Good book. Good movie too, Captain Phillips. What else?"

"Stories about Seals."

"The fictional ones where they're back from their missions and they fall in love with the hot woman they're assigned to protect?"

"No," she said, laughing.

"Wait. The ones where they fall for the physical therapist who rehabs them after war?"

Another laugh. "My my, don't you know everything about romance tropes? But no, I mean the real ones about their real missions."

"That's it. You're going to have to stop talking now. Because if you say anything more it's going to become clear you are the most perfect woman ever made."

"And why is that? You a fan of seal stories too?"

"I'm a fan of you growing more fascinating with every detail I learn."

"I'm an onion. Keep peeling me."

"A sexy onion. Let me take off another layer," he said and bent his head to her shoulder, nibbling playfully.

"What about you?"

"What about me? What do I like to read?"

"No. I'm picking a different topic. What movies do you like? And don't name your clients' films."

"Of course, their works are all my favorites. But when I'm not watching their movies, I like heist flicks."

"Like Ocean's Eleven?"

He nodded. "Best heist movie ever."

"And the Italian Job?"

"Another excellent one."

"And the Thomas Crowne Affair?"

"Brilliant plot."

"And Die Hard?"

"Seen it ten times. Maybe more," Clay said.

"I love them all too," she said.

"Okay, now you have to cease speaking."

"Because that makes me perfect?" She joked.

"Something like that," he muttered as he pulled her in close, and kissed her once more.

* * *

When she woke up the next morning, Clay ran a hand through his hair, then cleared his throat. "I can push back my flight until later tonight. Do you want to spend the day with me?"

She couldn't think of a better idea. "And we can talk more about movies, and TV shows, and books?"

"That. Or about the threesome we're going to have some day."

She arched an eyebrow. "I am not sharing you."

He smiled devilishly at her. "Good answer. And for the record, I would never ever share you."

"Good. Now for even suggesting that, I need two orgasms, stat."

He tipped his forehead to the bathroom. "Shower. You. Against the wall."

After he delivered on her request, they went out to lunch in Hayes Valley at one of her favorite restaurants that had 47 varieties of dipping sauce for French Fries. Clay agreed that it might be the best restaurant he'd ever been to and that fries were an unbeatable food choice.

But as the evening unspooled, Julia became aware of a ticking clock. Time seemed to speed up, to charge headfirst to the end of the night as the inevitable goodbye loomed closer. When his car arrived to take him to the airport, she said goodbye and planted a quick kiss on his cheek. There would be no poignant, postcard kind of kiss. They might have had fun, they might be insanely compatible in bed, they might even have the same taste in movies, but there was no they to them. She had too much baggage here in her hometown. Too much trouble that wasn't close to being wrapped up. And too many more Tuesday nights before she could call it even.

She needed to start erecting a wall. Clay would go down in her history as the best sex ever - a night of unbridled perfection in the bedroom. And, fine, he scored major points for being easy to talk to and fun to spend the day with. But he lived 3000 miles away.

"Nice meeting you," she said crisply and turned to leave.

He grabbed her wrist and pulled her against him, her body flush with his. Damn, she loved the feel of his strong chest against hers. She liked it too much.

"Julia," he said, and this time his voice was intense, serious. "I had an amazing time with you. I know this sounds crazy since we live on opposite coasts, but I need to see you again. I'm going to call you."

He kissed her deeply, a searing kiss that made her stand on her tip toes and thread her hands in his hair so she could hold on tight. When he broke the kiss, she felt wobbly and her lips missed his.

As he drove off, she realized maybe her heart missed him too. But she reminded herself that it was easy to say I'm going to call you. What was harder was doing that. What was Herculean was seeing someone on the other side of the country.

* * *

Clay pounded hard on the punching bag with a final hit. His breath came fast, his heart beating ferociously from the workout.

"Never seen you hit so hard, man," Davis said to him. "Who are you picturing now? That network bastard you had to deal with in San Francisco?"

Clay shook his head as he bent over the water fountain at the boxing gym for a cold drink of water. He hadn't been picturing the network exec at all. He'd been thinking of how much it sucked that Julia lived so damn far away. He'd been back in New York for one day. One stinking day. And he couldn't get that feisty woman out of his mind.

"No," he answered crisply.

"You should just call her," Davis said.

He snapped his head up, staring hard at his friend. "What?"

"The woman you spent the extra day with in San Francisco."

"How did you know?"

"You told me you were coming back in the morning and you missed our workout yesterday." He tapped the side of his head. "Remember? I know how to read people. It's my job."

"Anyway," Clay said, trying to brush him off.

"Are you going to?"

"Call her?"

"Yeah. Call her. Are you going to? Because you should."

He shrugged, trying to act cool and casual. But he knew the answer. He'd always been planning to call her. He hadn't been giving her a line when he left the other night. He wanted to see her again. He needed to know if there was something more to them. He'd enjoyed talking to her as much as he'd enjoyed making her scream his name. She fascinated him, and he couldn't let her be just one night. He wanted more nights with her.

When he reached his apartment and shut the door behind him, he dialed her number. She answered on the second ring.

"Hello, person I never thought I'd hear from again."

He smiled, wishing he could tug her sweet little body against his, plant a kiss on her beautiful face, feel her melt into his touch.

"Hey, Julia. What would you say about coming to New York for the weekend? I have a new set of ropes I've been meaning to use, and a restaurant I want to try, and a big king-size bed you'd look spectacular tied up to. Oh, and there's also a new heist movie coming out this weekend that we could see."

She laughed once. "Let me get this straight. I'm being invited to the Big Apple for dinner, a movie and a little bondage?"

"Yes, that would be correct."

* * *

She didn't answer right away. She carefully considered his request.

She'd won big earlier that night. The kind of win that made the weight of her past start to lessen. Besides, he was only asking for two nights of her life. This wasn't a commitment. This wasn't a relationship, and she sure as hell wasn't going to get caught up in him.

"Then the answer is pick me up at the airport in a town car, handsome, because I'm going to be ready for all of that and then some as soon as I step off the plane," she said, as she sank down on her couch, kicked off her heels, and started counting down the hours til the weekend.

It was one weekend. Nothing more, she promised herself.

They stayed on the phone for an hour, talking about everything and nothing, and his voice lowered to that sexy growl as he asked her what she was wearing. Then, he brought her there again.

Just a weekend, she repeated the next day, and the next, and the next, and all during the flight, and even as she walked through the terminal and out the doors of LaGuardia.

But when she saw him in that hot-as-sin suit, with his tie already loosened, and sunglasses on, leaning against the town car, she had a feeling she'd never want the weekend to end....

