Chapter 1

Royston Carmichael stared at the woman who had just entered his office, not believing his eyes. "Wyndi?" he whispered hoarsely, completely poleaxed by the presence of the blond woman. And then his fury exploded. "Is this some kind of a joke?" he demanded, his hands fisting at his side. "I don't know who you are, but my sister is dead! So whatever game you're playing..."

Wyndi couldn't believe what she was hearing. And the pain in her brother's eyes was very real, desperately raw. She stepped forward carefully, her eyes gentling as she tried to reach her brother. "Royston, it isn't a game. It's me. Wyndi."

He glared down at the tiny woman who looked startlingly, hauntingly similar to the little sister he'd tried to protect so many years ago. But it was impossible. "My sister died of pneumonia," he growled, furious that anyone would try such a horrible trick. "The case worker told me my sister died. You're going to have to leave. Now!" he almost shouted.

Wyndi shook her head. "They lied, Royston. I didn't die." She hesitated for a moment. "Think about it. Was there even a funeral?" She waited a moment, letting that question sink in. Wyndi's smile brightened. "I've been looking for you for years, Royston. I promise you, I didn't die and I am here and healthy." She could tell that he was listening, but the tension in his shoulders was too strong. She could see that he was holding himself back, just like he'd done when they were kids.

"You're not going to win this one, Royston," she laughed, immediately understanding his tactics. "Mom and Dad used to laugh whenever you pulled this on them. Remember when you wanted to join the junior football team and they said no? It was too dangerous for you?" she prompted. "You stood in the kitchen while mom pulled the cookies out of the oven, your shoulders all tense, like you were about to go into battle. But Dad stepped in front of you, put a hand on your shoulder and told you that you could do soccer instead of football." She watched waiting for some reaction. "And at their funeral..." She paused as the emotions choked off her words, but suppressed the sadness that sprang up. She had to finish, had to prove that she really was his sister. "At their funeral, you did the same thing, trying to hold back the tears and be strong for me..." She couldn't finish the sentence because she was swept up into a hug, her brother's arms lifting her up into his strong arms while he buried his face in her hair.

"They told me you'd died! If I'd known you were still alive, I would have found you! I would have protected you!" She felt the shudder as his emotions rocked his body, and she held him close, trying to ease the pain he was feeling.

She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, almost giddy with relief and happiness that she'd finally found him. And that there was a perfectly good explanation for why he hadn't searched for her. "Royston, it's okay. You don't have to feel bad - it was so long ago. And I'm doing great now! I'm just so happy to be with you now. I've been searching for you for so long!" Royston might be holding back the tears, but she let them fall freely, overjoyed to have finally found her brother.

Royston held the slender woman in his arms, feeling her tears against his cheek, and he pulled back. Setting her down on her feet, he looked down at her, taking in how gloriously beautiful she looked. And happy! Damn, she looked happy! "What happened to you? I didn't believe them at first," he told her, thinking back on those painful years after their parents had died. He'd been so furious that anyone would try and separate the two of them, and disgusted with himself for not being strong enough or smart enough to put food on the table for her. He'd failed as her big brother, but never again! "I kept running away from the foster homes they put me in, determined to get back to you. They probably told me you'd died just so I'd stop trying to find you."

Which was no excuse, he thought silently. "Are you okay? You're going to have to tell me everything. I lost track of you after we were separated, but I promise you, I kept trying to find you!"

Tamar stepped forward, gently touching his wife's shoulder. "We have that appointment," he reminded her.

Wyndi bit her lip, not sure what to do. She had to meet with this doctor, but she wanted to stay with her brother.

"What appointment?" he demanded, instantly concerned. "What's going on?"

Wyndi smiled gently. "It's nothing," she assured him, putting a hand on his arm. "I just have a..."

"Who is this guy?" he demanded, turning to face the man who dared to touch his baby sister. "What the hell are you doing to Wyndi?"

Tamar relaxed, amusement shining in his eyes. "I am her husband. And she has an appointment that she cannot miss. We stopped by here first to..."

Wyndi stepped in at that point, not wanting to hurt her brother with the news that they hadn't been sure of his reaction. "Tamar is taking me to see an obstetrician," she explained, her eyes darting between the two men she loved. "Tamar specifically set up this meeting with you before my other appointment, just in case."

"Just in case of what?" Royston demanded, putting an arm around her shoulders protectively.

Tamar stepped in when his gentle, kind wife hesitated. "We weren't sure why a man of your means hadn't searched out for his sister," he explained. "So I ensured that, if you were to reject her for any reason, she would have something happy to go to next. Hence, our first visit with her new obstetrician. She will hear our son's heartbeat in less than thirty minutes."

Wyndi's heart melted at the sweet, caring gesture of her husband. He was always trying to protect her from anything, both physical and emotional. She reached out and touched his hand, silently telling him how much she loved him.

Royston took in a deep breath and squeezed her shoulders gently. "You're going to be a mom?" he asked reverently.

Wyndi nodded, her hand automatically coming up to cover her still-flat stomach. She wasn't showing, was actually only a few weeks pregnant. But Tamar was insisting on getting her checked out, just to make sure she was okay and the baby was healthy.

She looked up at her brother, concern etched on her face. "Royston, are you okay? Are you happy?" She reached out and touched his shoulder again. "Do you have someone in your life that makes you feel good?"

Royston chuckled at the further evidence that this was indeed his baby sister. She had always been concerned about his moods, telling him silly, kid jokes when he looked irritated or sneaking him cookies when he'd gotten in trouble for one reason or another. "I'm happy now," he told her, taking her hands. "Will you come back after your appointment? I want to hear what you've been up to, what you've done with your life."

"Of course." She smiled brightly, so excited she could barely contain her happiness. She reached up and touched his cheek. "Are you happy though? Are you genuinely happy? I've been so worried about you. I saw a few pictures online and you don't look very happy," she said softly.

Royston threw back his head and laughed. "My sister has just come back from the dead and I've been told I'm going to be an uncle in a few months. What could be wrong?"

She bit her lip, still not convinced. "But all the women," she said softly. "You don't look happy with them at all."

Royston chuckled and squeezed her fingers. "I'm very happy," he told her firmly. "In fact, I've found the love of my life and we're getting married soon." It was a complete lie, but he didn't care when the worry from his sister's face instantly cleared away.

"Wow! I get my brother back and a sister in law!" She was almost jumping with excitement. "When do I get to meet her?"

"Tonight," he said without thinking. "Have dinner with me tonight and you can meet her but you'll have to tell me everything that's happened to you over the years. Deal?"

Wyndi laughed, delighted. "It sounds perfect!"

"We have to go," Tamar urged gently.

"I'll see you tonight," Royston said, seeing the indecision on her lovely face.

Since she needed to reassure Tamar that she was going to be okay throughout this pregnancy, she relented even though she didn't want to leave her brother just yet. "Okay. Tonight over dinner, we'll catch up. Sounds perfect!"

Royston watched the couple leave, his mind going through all of the issues he'd have to deal with now that he'd found out his sister hadn't died all those years ago. His sister! Damn he couldn't believe that she was still alive! He was thrilled of course, but the guilt that had been gnawing at him ever since he heard that she'd died wouldn't give him peace, even though she looked happier than he'd ever thought possible.

He didn't have time to deal with that guilt now though. He had things to do. First and foremost, get a more detailed background check on this Tamar guy. If his baby sister was married to him, Royston wanted to make sure that he was worthy of her. No way was he going to let her be hurt again!

After hanging up the phone with his security chief, he felt confident that he would have a more thorough report in a few hours from his team.

Happy. He chuckled at the way her sweet, blue eyes had looked up at him. She wanted him to be happy. Yes, that was the Wyndi he remembered. She'd always been so concerned about him, when she wasn't trying to get into his business. Shaking his head at some of the ways she'd irritated him, he couldn't believe what a beautiful woman she'd grown into.

Happy. Damn! Happy? Hell, if his baby sister wanted him to be happy, he'd damn well prove to her that he was happy.

Now he just had to find a fiancee. And he had to figure out how to be happy. How the hell did one become happy?

Chapter 2

Miranda's fingers flew over the keyboard, panic and irritation slowing her down. She tried to take a few deep breaths, hoping that would still her shaking fingers. She had to get this right and she had to finish it fast. She glanced at the time once more and then regretted it. She had less than five minutes!

Pushing herself harder than she ever had before, she printed out the reports then went through them one more time. The clock told her it was five minutes past noon. The CEO of her company, a.k.a. "Head Jerk" had demanded these reports no later than noon. That didn't mean twelve oh one. That meant twelve o'clock, on the dot.

And here it was, five minutes after twelve. Shoot!

She still spread the reports out on her desk and went through the numbers. The only thing worse than being late was giving the man inaccurate reports.

"Are they ready?" her boss asked, poking his head around the doorway. She saw the sweat on his forehead and upper lip and understood his concern. She was feeling more than a little panicky herself.

"Almost," she replied, looking at the numbers on one report to ensure that they matched the other report. Perfect!

"Here!" she said, sliding them all together. "Ready for His Majesty."

"Oh no! I'm not delivering these seven minutes late." He moved into the room, grabbing the reports that someone else handed to him and sliding them into the right order among the multitude of reports that the other team members had produced. "Here," he said, handing Miranda the whole stack. "You bring them to him."

Miranda stared at the man, dumbfounded. "Why me?"

Her boss dumped all the reports on her desk and walked away. "Because he won't bite your head off like he will mine," he said and disappeared.

Miranda looked at the clock one more time, then gathered them all up, sliding her own reports into the correct place. When she was finished, she took another moment to make a copy of everything, then almost ran down the hallway.

"He's out to lunch, right?" she called out to Laura, the Head Jerk's administrative assistant.

Miranda caught Laura's smile and breathed a sigh of relief. "Great!" she said, but she was already rushing past Laura's desk so she didn't catch the woman's negative shake of her head before bursting into Head Jerk's office.

She caught sight of the empty desk and her shoulders relaxed. The man was out to lunch so there was no way he would know that the report was late! Whew! What a bonus!

She put the report in the middle of his desk and started to turn away. She was just about to step back from his desk when she saw something out of the corner of her eye. It was a movement, just a slight one, but she froze.

Well, most of her froze. Her mind froze. Her feet froze. But her legs were in motion and it was hard to stop them since her mind wasn't telling her legs to pull back. So when her legs kept going but her feet refused to shift properly, it was inevitable that she would almost fall over the chair in front of his desk.

She groaned and slapped her hand over her now-bruised knee. "What are you doing here?" she snapped, then instantly regretted her outburst when she saw the dark eyebrow move upwards.

"I'm sorry, sir," she replied, immediately trying to look contrite. "That was rude of me." She was trying to scurry out of his office but it was hard when her feet were still in not-wanting-to-cooperate mode.

"Stop," Royston called out.

When the woman immediately froze, he watched her, fascinated. She really was a stunning woman. Her dark brown hair curled softly around her delicate features, and her green eyes sparkled. Of course, at that moment, their sparkle was probably something he should be offended by, but he was only amused. He also liked those full red lips, which were currently drawn in a thin line as she tried to keep from snapping at him again. He'd seen her several times in the hallways, and had always been struck by her beauty, but he'd never taken the time to really look at her. He'd always been too busy, getting to another meeting or contemplating his next move that would completely vanquish his latest enemy.

Royston loved business, loved building up his empire and controlling more and more companies. And he was extremely good at it. He also ruled his empire with an iron fist, not allowing any slack. When employees did not live up to his very high expectations, they were gone. He paid his employees extremely well and expected them to perform to his exacting standards.

So despite his passing interest in this woman, he hadn't taken the time to really look at her, other than to appreciate her beauty from a distance as he went about his business.

But now, he took a long moment to really look at her, to take in all the lushness of her lips, her slender but round in all the right places figure and he was more than a little intrigued. "I'm assuming that's the financial report with last quarter's figures?" he asked her smoothly, coming closer so he could see her better.

"Yes, sir," Miranda replied, wishing she could just run and hide. The rest of the women in this office thought he was the "cat's meow", gushing about how sexy he was, how tall he was and how they would all drop their husbands if he crooked his little finger in their direction.

But Miranda wasn't impressed. He might be sexy as sin, but all that handsomeness was the public facade of a man who was just horrible! His entire executive staff was terrified of his wrath, of not meeting his expectations. If rumors were true, he would sit in the meetings and tell his directors what results he wanted them to bring in for the next year or quarter or month and they would kill themselves to achieve those results.

This was the first time she'd ever interacted with the man face to face. She was hard pressed to keep her mouth shut, and not berate him for being such a horrible person towards all his employees.

"The report is late," he said very succinctly. He stopped when he was about two feet from her, his eyes moving over her lovely features. His mind was less concerned with the report and wondering if her very pale, very smooth skin burned with the slightest touch of the sun. Or would she turn a delicate shade of tan?

Her lips were slightly chapped, he noticed. From kissing her husband or boyfriend? He instantly dismissed that idea, not wanting this woman to be encumbered by a relationship with another man.

"Yes, it is a few minutes late. But I think you'll find that the information is accurate and...." She tried to come up with another benefit, but he moved closer to her and her brain just fizzled to a stop. "What are you doing?" she asked when he moved even closer to her, not sure why her voice was barely above a whisper. Or why the man smelled so....incredible!

"What's your name?" he demanded.

Miranda blinked, not sure why he needed to know her name. "Am I about to be fired? Because if that's the case, I think I'll just keep my name to myself."

He couldn't stop the chuckle that escaped at her obvious attempt to hide from his wrath. "I'll find out anyway."

Her eyes accidentally dropped to his firm, thin lips but she suddenly realized what she'd done and forced her eyes to look back at his. "Yes, but if you don't know my name immediately, it will at least give me a running start."

She had a point. And she was funny. He was even more intrigued. "What's your name?"

Miranda knew she couldn't keep it from him and she was being ridiculous to even try. But she instinctively knew that flying under the radar with this man was the best way to go. An innate sense of self-preservation reared its head and she suspected that giving him her name would be dangerous. But what was the alternative?

"I can see that your name is a difficult question. So let's try another one. What do you do?"

She blinked, her lips pursing as she tried to remember her role. "Um...."

That supercilious eyebrow went up once again. "I can see that I'm probably paying you too much. You don't know your name and you don't know what you do for my company."

"Miranda!" she snapped, irritated by his deep voice that sounded like he was laughing at her. But that couldn't be true because Royston Carmichael was reputed to not have a sense of humor. "Miranda Lillith. And I work in your finance department. I help the chief financial officer with the quarterly and monthly reports."

He nodded his head, thinking that he liked her even more because of her spirited reply. "And how long have you been working for me?"

She tried very hard not to fidget, but he was so close! She wanted to step back, put some space between them. Enough space so she couldn't smell his incredible, male scent that filled her head with some sort of enticing spice that she couldn't identify. "Two years."

"Where did you go to school?"

She thought about telling him the name of her elementary school, but really didn't want to be fired. "NYU," she finally replied.

Royston watched her, sensing something deeper than she was revealing to him. "Are you married?"

"No!" she replied, bristling.

"Boyfriend?" he demanded again.

Had he moved closer? "None of your business," she came right back, trying not to breathe in too deeply. Maybe if she stopped breathing, she wouldn't smell him. Was that chocolate? Good grief the man smelled good...she shook her head, telling herself that she didn't need to identify what this man smelled like. He was the enemy! "And why are you asking me all of these questions? Don't you want to know about your profit margins or the new productivity numbers?"

That surprised him because someone at her level shouldn't understand all the numbers on that report. "What do you know of the gross contribution for my divisions?" he tested.

Whew, she thought, relieved that he was moving away from personal issues. This was familiar ground. "Which division?" she asked.

"Retail."

She straightened her shoulders and started spewing out the numbers for his various companies within the retail division. He owned several department stores and she quoted the increase in sales from this quarter to the previous year's quarter. "In the United States, the west coast and east coast stores are doing better than the Midwest, but the stores located in the southern states are doing the best, increasing their margins as the economy starts to recover." She then went on to quote specific percentages and variances.

He couldn't help but be impressed. "What about overseas?"

"Europe is doing well but Asia is taking off. The stores in China are slowing down as their growth also slows, but the comparison isn't linear."

He shot question after question at her, moving to his desk and reviewing the report. He waved her into one of the chairs opposite his desk, shooting out rapid fire questions about his businesses and he was stunned by the amount of knowledge the woman could quote from memory, but she had also done some in-depth analysis of the problems and successes, which products were off and which ones had either met or exceeded expectations.

"What's your boyfriend's name?" he finally finished off.

"I don't..." She stopped as soon as she realized what he'd done, glaring at him across his desk.

Royston couldn't help the deep chuckle that escaped once again. She looked so adorable sitting there glaring at him as if she had the right to admonish him. "That was cheating," she told him, crossing her arms across her chest.

Royston was delighted with the woman and instinctively knew that she would be perfect for the role of his fake fiancee. He considered his plan for a long moment, factored in all the problems then decided it would be a good idea. She was the ideal candidate. She was smart, beautiful and able to handle herself under pressure. And what was more, he liked her. He genuinely thought she was an interesting person. There was also the added benefit that she was smoking hot! His body definitely liked the idea he was about to offer her.

"Let's have some lunch," he commanded arrogantly and stood up, walking around his desk.

Miranda stared at his back, startled to notice how broad his shoulders were. "Excuse me?" she asked, standing up as well but not really moving except for her eyes which followed him. She honestly wasn't sure if her eyes were shooting daggers into his well-muscled back or if she were wondering what he looked like naked. Okay, she was doing both, but one was probably more likely than the other, she told herself.

"I have a proposition for you, but I'm hungry. So I'm taking you to lunch. Grab your purse and let's go," he told her and left his office.

Miranda wanted to throw something at the arrogant man but settled for sneering at him once she was alone. Knowing that she didn't really have a choice because he wasn't just her boss but, literally, everyone's boss, she walked out of his office, her hands fisted by her sides so she couldn't grab something as she walked by. She was fairly certain he wouldn't overlook her beaming him with that ridiculous silver blob thing on his coffee table. She'd be fired for sure.

She exited his office, intending to go to her own office and get her coat and purse. But she found him standing by his assistant's desk talking about something completely different so she just moseyed back to her desk and sat down. She had her purse ready, but she refused to stand beside him waiting like some pathetic minion until the man was ready to leave. She'd been working hard for the past three days, had only gone home last night to shower and change clothes, and come to think of it, that had been this morning and not last night, so she was tired, irritated, had a lot of work to catch up on since the horrible man demanded that these reports be completed in an unreasonable amount of time after the data was available and, well, the truth was, she was just plain stubborn. It had gotten her into trouble in the past, but she still hadn't fixed that particular quirk of her personality.

It took about ten minutes before he finally came looking for her. She was only down the hallway a bit so it wasn't like he had to search hard for her. But he stood in her office doorway, looking like some sort of an enormous, avenging god and she couldn't help it when her stomach did a few flip flops.

"Ready to go?" she asked brightly, ignoring the menacing glower he was directing towards her.

Royston glared down at the woman, wondering if she realized how much trouble she was in. Then he remembered what he needed her for and he tamped down his irritation. "Ready," he replied as politely as his temper would allow. He suppressed the urge to add the words, "Get your adorable butt moving," because he didn't think this defiant beauty would react well to that command.

Maybe once he knew her better, he might say something like that, just to see what kind of explosion occurred afterwards. He actually liked the idea of this little woman exploding around him. A lot!

His assistant had gotten them a table at the restaurant just down the block so he waved his driver, who was standing beside a long, black limousine just outside the doors to the building, aside and ignored the body guard that was hanging back several feet. Since she was a bit slower than he cared for, he put a hand to the small of her back, urging her to move more quickly. That lasted for maybe two hundred yards before she came to a complete standstill.

When he turned to inquire what the issue was, he saw the fury in her eyes and his body instantly reacted to it. He'd never had this strong and instant of a reaction to a woman before and it was both disturbing and enticing. "What's wrong?"

She almost sputtered but she couldn't do that because she couldn't even catch her breath. "What's wrong?" she finally got out. "Where's the fire? What's the ridiculous rush?" she demanded. "If you're going to walk that fast, you've got to warn me and I'll put on my roller skates."

He chuckled again, a first for him he realized. He hadn't ever thought of women as amusing before. Well, that wasn't exactly true. He thought some of their attempts to manipulate him were amusing, but those little scenes never elicited any sort of chuckle.

He bent down slightly, his eyes shining as he looked at her flushed cheeks and the sparkle in those green eyes. "I apologize. I'm not used to someone so much shorter than I am," he came right back. With that, he offered her his arm. "I will endeavor to be more of a gentleman going forward."

Miranda now knew she should have kept her mouth shut. Touch his arm? Was he kidding? More than half of her breathlessness was because he'd been touching the small of her back!

But now that she'd admonished him for being rude and inconsiderate, she couldn't very well ignore his arm. She had to act like a lady and take his arm politely. She laid her fingers on his arm delicately, not wanting to touch him too much, afraid of what might happen.

Unfortunately, she didn't have much of a choice. Apparently, the man didn't think that her fingertips on his arm was enough. His hand moved up, bringing her hand more firmly onto the crook of his arm, then stopped her fingers from falling away by covering them with his own hand.

"So tell me about yourself," he said as he walked her into the restaurant.

She wasn't sure she could think, much less talk. The man was very intimidating up close like this. She'd been afraid of him when she'd been working on the opposite end of the hallway. But touching him? Being only inches from his enormous body? That was real fear making her heart race like a crazy demon. And that was before her fingers discovered that he had some serious muscles underneath all that expensive fabric! She shifted her hand ever so slightly, feeling the bulging biceps, pretending her mind wasn't reeling with the discovery.

She blinked her eyes, trying to focus on placing her feet one step at a time in the correct placement so she wouldn't fall flat on her face. But the thought occurred to her that, maybe if she fell, he would catch her....Good grief! She shook her head, admonishing herself for thinking such a ridiculous thought.

"What do you want to know?" she asked as he held the door to, La Malachain, one of the most exclusive restaurants in London. He couldn't respond since the hostess was gushing over him. Thankfully, the irritating woman quickly led them to a table up on one of the balconies, obviously one of the best in the restaurant. Miranda spread the linen napkin out on her lap with more care than was perhaps necessary, but she needed a few moments to recover her equilibrium. It was completely off balance and all because of him! She didn't like him, why was she reacting like this?

When she looked up again, she found that he was watching her with amusement and she shifted irritably in her seat. "Okay, so what's the..." they were interrupted by the waiter arriving.

She ordered a salad, not sure if she would be able to eat anything heavy while in the presence of this man and was glad she had. During the entire meal, he interrogated her about her job, her personal life, her hobbies and her family. Since she was the only child of two parents with regular jobs, it wasn't like she had a whole stash of secrets to tell him.

By the time the waiter had taken their plates away, Miranda was more than a little curious, and feeling a bit vulnerable since she'd answered so many of his questions but he hadn't revealed anything personal about himself.

When the meal was finally over and the waiter had left them to enjoy rich, fragrant coffee, she sat up straighter in her chair and put her mental foot down. "So what is this interrogation about?" she asked, her nervousness suppressed as her need for answers took over. She'd ignored the glass of wine he'd poured for her, thinking it was some sort of test. He was the boss, after all. She was pretty sure he wouldn't approve of his employees drinking during their lunch hour despite the fact that he'd had at least half a glass himself.

Royston leaned back as well, surveying the exceptionally beautiful woman. After all of her spirited reactions so far, he was eagerly anticipating what she might say to his next announcement. "I'd like you to be my fiancee for a while," he finally said, then waited impatiently for her response.

It was slow in coming but when it did, it certainly wasn't what he expected. He'd been watching her eyes, trying to gauge her reaction and expected eager acceptance. So he was startled when it finally came, although definitely not what he was expecting.

He expected dollar signs to show up in her eyes which would happen with so many women of his acquaintance...or maybe he thought she would toss out an enormous dollar figure or ask for a credit card, or even just smile seductively as if she'd captured a prime catch. But did she do any of those things?

No, this startlingly lovely woman with fascinating green eyes that vacillated between fury and humor did the unexpected. She threw back her head and laughed. She laughed so hard and for so long, Royston was becoming quite irritated. He was vaguely aware of other diners starting to look at them curiously but he didn't care. He simply waited for her laughter to subside.

When she looked across the table, her laughter finally slowing down to a few chuckles, she wiped the tears of laughter from her cheeks with the linen napkin before taking a deep breath. "Oh, goodness. That was wonderful," she finally said. Shaking her head, she smiled at him. "Rumors are wrong. You have a wonderful sense of humor."

That eyebrow went up once again, her first indication that he wasn't joking.

"So what would it take for you to act as my fiancee?"

Miranda was startled by his question, honestly thinking he had been joking. Her mouth fell open and she stared at him as if he'd suggested she commit a murder or blow up a building. "Why in the world would you need someone to act as your fiancee? Don't you have scads of women who would jump at the chance to be your real fiancee?"

He simply shrugged one of those ginormous shoulders. "I have many female acquaintances who would use the situation to their advantage. Which is why I am asking you."

She didn't like the sound of that. It made her sound...un-entrepreneurial. "How do you know I wouldn't do that?"

He watched her carefully, debating how to reply. In the end, he went with the truth. "Instinct," was all he said.

Hmph, she thought. Which made no sense at all. "Okay, so explain to me why you need a fiancee. And am I wrong in guessing you only need someone for a little while?"

He tilted his head slightly in acknowledgement. "You're correct. My sister wants me to be happy," he explained with as few details as possible. "She is deliriously happy in her own marriage and thinks that being attached is the only way a person can be happy. So in order to keep her from worrying, I will become an almost-married man."

Miranda's eyes widened as he explained and she was touched by the first sign of humanity inside of his tough, intimidating exterior. "You would do all that just to keep your sister from worrying?" Something inside of her melted, feeling a deep sense of something...something similar to a strange heat inside of her stomach.

He shrugged again, causing her mind to blank for a moment while she pictured those shoulders without the expensive suit covering them. When she realized that her mouth had gone dry, and the reason why, she shook her head slightly and refocused on the whole man. "I'm sorry, but I can see many problems with this kind of a charade. And I don't like deceiving people so you'll have to find someone else to help you lie to your sister. If she's worried about your happiness, she's probably a very nice person. I don't lie to nice people."

He didn't exactly smile so much as something in his eyes changed, revealing his amusement. "With the implication being that you only lie to mean people?" he teased. When he got the expected blush, he relented. "I apologize, but couldn't resist." He shifted ever so slightly, changing the subject as he said, "Would it make a difference if I paid you?"

She was intrigued at the idea that he needed a fake fiancee so badly, he was willing to hire someone to play the part. Then she realized what she was doing and shook her head. "No. Money isn't enough to lose one's integrity," she asserted firmly. She reached out and took her water glass, getting ready to stand up and leave the restaurant. She didn't like where this conversation was going, nor that he thought he could pay her for something so wrong.

"How about a thousand dollars an hour?" he suggested.

Miranda definitely wasn't expecting that, but she should have, considering the calculating look in his eyes. She immediately started choking on the ice water, coughing for several minutes while she carefully set her glass down on the table so she didn't spill it. When she could breathe again, she glared across the table at him. "That's obscene!" she gasped out.

He smiled at her reaction which only proved that she was the perfect woman for the job. "Okay, so tell me what you want and I'll give it to you."

She rolled her eyes. "You don't get it. I don't lie and I don't cheat people. I don't want to do this to your sister."

He thought about it for a long moment then came to the conclusion that the only way he would get her to help him was if he presented the whole story to her. "When I was sixteen years old, my sister, Wyndi, was six. My parents went out to run an errand and never came back. They'd been in a car accident and died instantly. I was taking care of my sister that afternoon. When the police came to take us both away, I convinced them that I could handle raising her on my own." He hadn't thought about these memories in a long time and he didn't like doing it now. "It took only six months for child protective services to take her away from me. They sold our house for us, put both of us in separate foster homes and, for the next eighteen months, I tried to run back and find her, to protect her. I was determined to live up to my promise to Wyndi to take care of her, to show her that nothing would separate us. Death had already taken too much away from us, I wasn't going to lose her too." He paused for a moment, looking across the room, unable to take the compassion that had suddenly appeared in those green eyes that had turned slightly teary.

"I couldn't do it," he finally said. "I couldn't take care of my baby sister. And when the state services couldn't stop me from running away from whatever facility they'd dumped me, they lied to me. The case worker in charge of us told me she'd died. I went through hell for over a year, blaming myself for not taking better care of her, for not being there for my parents." There was another long silence and he gripped the arms of the chair to keep from punching something as he sifted through the words, trying to tell her as little as possible but still get her to understand how important this was to him. "She came to my office this morning," he told her, ignoring her gasp of horror as he continued with the story. "She is alive and well and I'm about to become an uncle. The person in charge of our cases lied to me. And while I will deal with that woman separately, I'm determined to protect my sister now in any way I can. Before Wyndi left my office, she asked me if I was happy. She didn't believe me when I told her I was fine, so I told her I was getting married. It seemed to ease her concerns. And since she's pregnant with my niece or nephew, I will do anything I can to protect her gentle heart. She's too nice, too sweet and she lets every little thing worry her," he told Miranda. "I will protect my sister this time around. So if you won't pose as my fiancee, I will find someone else. I won't have her worrying about me for any reason."

Miranda's heart was already melting. "I'll do it," she said, the words out of her mouth before she could stop them. "I'll pose as your fiancee for as long as it takes to help her." And to help him, she thought, but she wasn't really sure where that thought came from. If there was anyone in this world who could take care of himself, it was this strong, amazing man sitting across the table from her. But as she looked at him, she knew that it wasn't completely true. This man was hurting. She could feel it even though she didn't completely understand it. There was definitely guilt that he'd lost his sister, and fury over how the case worker had dealt with his need to protect his sister. But there was something else. Something that he'd buried so deep, she wasn't sure if even he knew what was going on.

She took a deep breath, clasping her hands tightly together under the table. "I'll do it, under one condition."

"What's that?" he asked, bracing himself for whatever monetary demands she would come up with next. He was prepared for it though and would pay a great deal to ensure his sister's happiness.

She looked him straight in the eye as she said, "If I think you might be hurting her in any way, I'll stop the charade. Is that a deal?" she asked, her voice quiet and firm.

He smiled slightly, his hardened eyes surveying her calm, lovely features. "It's a deal," he agreed. He dropped a credit card on the bill that the waiter brought to their table. "I'll pick you up for dinner tonight at seven. I'll have a dress delivered to your place."

Wow! What had she done? What had she agreed to? Miranda's mind was spinning. What had happened to the kind, tender man who was protecting his sister's gentle feelings? The man now sitting in front of her was the irritating, dictatorial caveman who had dragged her out of the office an hour...she glanced down at her watch and gasped.

"What's wrong?" he demanded, his eyes sharp on her worried features.

"I've been sitting here for two hours!" she said, grabbing her purse and pushing the chair back. "I have to get back to my office. I have a ton of work to do."

"Relax. I'll call your boss and let him know that you were with me."

She gasped again and shook her head violently. "You will not!" she commanded, then reigned in her horror when she saw his stricken features. "I mean," she stammered, suddenly nervous again, "please don't call my boss. I understand why you are doing this and I'll help you out however I can, but no one in the office can know about our association."

He heard the words, but they were so foreign to him he wasn't sure why she'd said them. "Why wouldn't you want anyone to know that you're with me?" Women worked hard to have their association with him broadcast as much as possible. It was their way of raising their social status, a social coup in a way. He'd had to be very careful about the women he went out in public with because too many of them wanted him for either his money or his connections, not to mention the publicity they hoped to gain by being seen on his arm. But he was ruthless in not having his picture taken, much less photos plastered all over the news and tabloids. It didn't always work and there were times when a photographer was more stealthy than normal, but his body guards took care of the bulk of them.

"Because everyone will think that we..." she blushed as her mind pulled away from the thought of sleeping with him. "Well, you know."

He knew exactly what she was trying to say, but decided to tease her. "No. What do you mean?" he asked, signing the bill when the waiter delivered the check.

She bit her lip and leaned forward. "They'll think we're..." she blushed again, looking to the right and left as she whispered conspiratorially, "sleeping together!"

He couldn't help it. She just looked too cute and she was so embarrassed by the thought of a sexual liaison with him that he had to laugh. "Would that be so bad?"

Her mouth fell open and her eyes widened. "Yes!"

With that, she stood up and looked around, then turned back to the table where he too was standing, prepared to walk out of the restaurant with her.

"We can't be seen together," she reiterated. "I'll walk back to the office on my own." She was just about to turn around again when she stopped, her manners rising up to force her to be considerate. "Thank you very much for lunch. I'll be ready by seven o'clock."

For some reason, he didn't like the idea of her walking back to the office alone, much less her not wanting to be seen with him. "Miranda, we're going to be seen together." He stepped forward and took her arm, placing it firmly on his elbow once again as he led her out of the restaurant. "We'll be leaving the office together, having lunch together, we'll probably even be photographed having dinner or out on the town together. The reporters love trying to figure out who my next lover is."

She tried to walk away from him by slipping her hand off of his arm and walking faster, but he was simply too tall. Even in her heels, she barely came up to his chin and his longer stride kept him right next to her. "Well, you're just going to have to figure out how to keep my name out of the tabloids," she told him unequivocally.

He thought she was cute as she tried to walk faster than he was. But even with her impatient stride, he was still walking slower than his normal pace. "That won't happen. I get photographed all the time," he lied, just wanting to see the anger in her pretty, green eyes. He liked her fire, her spunk. In fact, there wasn't much about her that he didn't like.

She stopped when they were right outside of the restaurant, glaring up at him. "Then we eat dinner in private," she told him, not willing to budge on this issue.

He grabbed her arm, swinging her around so that she was facing him. The people on the sidewalk went around them, but several looked at them curiously. "You're being ridiculous."

"Am I?" She paused, letting him think about the issue. "What would you think about a woman who was dating the head of a company? Would you really respect her? Or would you think she'd been promoted so that it was easier for the two of them to be together?"

His scowl said enough. She looked up at him, not letting him intimidate her. At least not at the moment. This was too important. "Now that you see my point, we'll either dine at your place or mine." She gave him a challenging smile. "I'm a very good cook," she told him with confidence.

He rolled his eyes. "I'll have my housekeeper cook something," he said and put a hand to the small of her back, leading her back to the office. But before they rounded the corner to enter the building, he dropped his hand and let her walk in separately. He wasn't very far away, but he put enough space between them that it didn't look like they were obviously together.

Miranda was pepped and plowing through her work load for the next couple of hours, but by the late afternoon, her lack of sleep and the stress of the past few days started to hit her. Thankfully, just the idea of seeing Royston for dinner that evening gave her a renewed blast of energy.

When she arrived back at her apartment, she found a note on her mailbox letting her know that a delivery had arrived for her and was waiting in the manager's office. She picked up the large box warily, then headed up in the elevator. She showered and dried her hair, pulling on a pair of black slacks and a sparkly sweater she'd bought for a Christmas party last year. She looked pretty good, she thought, glaring at the large box she was fairly certain contained a dress from none other than her personal dictator.

By rights, she should be exhausted since she'd barely slept at all last night, but she actually felt very excited and refused to define why.

The buzzer went off and she pressed the button to let him come inside the lobby, not sure what she was going to tell him but adamant that she wasn't going to let him buy her things like expensive dresses. She had her pride!

She opened the door with her coat already on and her purse in her hand. And when he didn't arrive immediately, she became too antsy and pulled her apartment door closed, walking down the hallway to meet him instead of waiting for him. So when the elevator opened, she simply stepped in, surprising him with a bright smile as she pressed the button to go back downstairs again.

Royston glared down at the top of her shiny head, wanting to drag her into his arms and kiss her so she would behave predictably. He was inordinately irritated that she hadn't been in her apartment, waiting for him. He'd wanted to prowl around her place while she made him wait until she finished getting ready. The fact that she wasn't following the rules he understood made him more than a little irascible. "Don't you let a man pick you up properly?" he growled.

She laughed softly, delighted that she'd irritated him. "Define 'properly'," she came right back. Perhaps it was his close presence or maybe her fatigue since she hadn't slept the previous night while she and her team were trying to prepare the reports for this man, but whatever the cause, she was feeling very brave. Or maybe the correct term was punchy.

Either way, she reveled in her power to get under his skin.

Her smile was just too delightful so he had a hard time maintaining his irritation. Royston watched her from behind, enjoying the way her hair glimmered from the overhead lights, sparking off of her tresses. He liked her, he thought with surprise. She was cute and feisty and sexy as hell!

As he watched her step out of the elevator then turn to wait for him, he knew with absolute certainty that he would have her in his bed. Very soon, he thought with increasing relish.

"This way," he said and led her over to the waiting limousine that was parked in front of her building.

"We'll be dining with my sister and her new husband. His name is Prince Tamar Yarin. He's the cousin to the Sheik of Surisia," he explained. "Here," he said and lifted her hand, sliding an enormous diamond ring on her finger.

Miranda bit her lower lip, nervous about the idea of dining with royalty. "You didn't mention a prince!" She also wasn't too enamored of the diamond ring. It didn't look right on her finger. It was too big, too sparkly.

Royston looked down into her soft, green eyes and realized she was worried. "You'll be fine," he said and took her hand into his warm one, squeezing gently to reassure here.

"Is he nice?" she asked, biting her lip to keep him from seeing her nervousness.

Royston was non-committal on the subject of his sister's husband at this point. "From the information I've gathered on him, I haven't decided if I like him or not."

That sounded odd. "Don't you need to get to know him before you form an opinion about a stranger?"

Royston looked down again, amused by her suggestion. "I prefer to know more about a person than what they are willing to reveal. I always investigate someone before I do business with them."

Her eyes looked back at him, confused. "I thought you were just having dinner with him tonight."

He shrugged and looked towards the front of the vehicle. "Same thing," he dismissed. Glancing at her with a meaningful expression, he said, "Wyndi is about your age. She's nice and sweet and I won't let you do anything to hurt her."

Miranda smiled gently up at him, not taking offense at his words since he was just being a protective big brother. "I promise, I won't hurt her feelings in any way."

The limousine pulled into an underground parking garage and stopped at the entrance. "This way," he said and stepped out, his hand reaching down to assist her from the vehicle but he wouldn't let her pull away from him as he led her into the elevator. They were swooped up to the top floor and the elevator doors opened up to a striking view of the Thames and the lights twinkling across the city.

"This is beautiful," she said with breathless awe. "What a gorgeous view!"

Royston was busy pouring her a glass of wine but turned and looked over at her. He saw her face and softly rounded figure in profile and he had to agree. It was a great view. "I enjoy it," he said and handed her a glass of red wine. He wondered what she would do if she knew he'd been imagining her standing here in front of the windows naked. She'd probably be furious, he thought with increasing relish. He'd enjoy that view very much, he thought, taking a sip of his own glass filled with scotch. He savored the smoky flavor while he watched her walk closer to the windows. Her cute, round bottom pressed against her black slacks, showing him that she had a very round, very touchable derriere.

Miranda was painfully conscious of him standing behind her. Her eyes tried to focus on the view, but they refused to relinquish the reflection of the magnificent man. And then she noticed something odd. He wasn't looking out at the London skyline. He was looking at her butt!

She spun around, her eyes capturing his as if to admonish him. But even though he knew he'd been caught, he was unrepentant!

Unfortunately, the elevator chimed, indicating that someone was about to enter. "My sister arrives," he said with a slight smile to his handsome face.

He turned and looked over at the doors and Miranda felt a lump in her throat when she realized that he was so eager to see his sister again. A man couldn't be too bad if he felt this kind of affection and love for his sibling, right?

She decided to ignore the fact that she'd caught him ogling her and turned to face the guests as well. The realization that she was about to meet royalty suddenly struck her at the same time Royston's arms wrapped around her waist. Instantly, she felt better, more confident. "Come meet my sister," he said.

Royston introduced her to a very lovely, very kind looking blond woman with a riot of curls framing her beautiful face. The man standing next to her with his arm protectively around her, was just as tall and just as broad as Royston, but he had a look about him that screamed out "danger". She glanced up at Royston, trying to figure out what was going on, but he had a similar expression on his face as well.

"Yarin," Royston said, extending his hand.

The tall, dangerous looking man took Royston's hand and it seemed as if the two men were actually having a brawl with the normally innocent handshake even while their eyes glared at one another.

"And you must be Miranda," the blond woman said, stepping around the two men which effectively ended the power struggle. "I'm Wyndi and I'm delighted to meet you."

Miranda took the other woman's hand, startled but grateful by her overt friendliness. "It's a pleasure to meet you as well."

Wyndi's smile widened and she stepped closer, excitement shining through her lovely blue eyes. "You're going to have to tell me everything about my brother. It's been way too long since we've seen each other," she said, turning to wrap her arms around Royston, laying her cheek against his chest. Miranda was startled to find herself jealous of their embrace. Royston's arms gently encircled the blond woman, his eyes closing as he bent lower to more thoroughly surround her.

Wyndi pulled back slightly, keeping her arms around his waist. "You're okay," she smiled up at hm. "I can see now why you claim to be doing okay," she said, turning slightly to include Miranda in her glow of happiness. "I'm thrilled that we'll all be family soon. And I'm very excited that we met before the wedding!"

The woman stepped out of Royston's arms and grabbed Miranda's hand. "So how did the two of you meet?" she asked, pulling Miranda over to one of the long sofas that was set in front of the stone fireplace. "Was he sweet and kind? Did he sweep you off of your feet?" she laughed, eager for details.

Miranda looked back at Royston, begging him for help. "Um...why don't you explain it?"

Royston winked back at her, an evil look in his eyes as he said, "You go ahead. You tell it so much better than I do."

Her eyes narrowed and she turned her back on the horrible man. He wanted to play games? She could play them just as well as he could. Facing Wyndi, she smiled brightly. "I work at his company, you see," she said, taking the glass of red wine that he placed in her hand again, taking a small sip before placing it on the low coffee table right in front of her. "I was frantically trying to compile these ridiculous reports the man thinks he needs every month. I don't know if you realize this, but your brother is a real stickler for punctuality," Miranda said with a conspiratorial smile at Wyndi, all the while slyly looking over her shoulder at the man in question. She almost burst out laughing when he rolled his eyes. "Anyway, I was late. Well, actually, the whole team was late but my boss dumped all the reports on my desk and told me I had to deliver them." She shuddered for effect. "So I brought them into Royston's office, which I thought was empty but turns out, he was simply hiding. And he caught me delivering the reports late."

"And you took one look at him and fell madly in love, right?" Wyndi clapped her hands together.

Miranda laughed and shook her head. "Not exactly." She looked behind her once again, knew that Royston was waiting anxiously for whatever she was going to say next and she wasn't going to let him down. "No, I actually hated him at first."

Wyndi snorted with laughter. "That's definitely not the reaction I remember him having on the women in high school. I was pretty young, but I recall several of them falling all over themselves to get his attention."

Another snort, but this time it was from her husband. Wyndi looked over at the man and smiled gently. "It's true. My big brother was a real heartbreaker." She turned back to Miranda. "So when was the first time you realized you were in love with him?" she asked, her eyes wide with excitement.

Miranda actually laughed, unable to stop the humor. She didn't even look up at Royston as she said, "Love him?" she teased. "I'm only marrying him for his money."

While Wyndi laughed and her husband chuckled on the other side of the room, Miranda could actually feel Royston as he approached. She clenched her hands together, her finger rubbing nervously against the diamond on her finger. She'd thought she'd nailed the exact right mood but when she glanced up at the man, she knew that she'd made a severe miscalculation. The gleam in his eyes told her without words that she was in serious trouble.

The smile never slipped from her face as she watched him, confident that he couldn't retaliate in front of his sister.

She was wrong!

As soon as he reached her, he grabbed both of her hands and pulled her up directly into his arms. Miranda didn't have a chance to say a word before his mouth covered hers, kissing her in the most erotically demanding manner she'd ever experienced. She knew from the moment his hands touched hers that this was a punishment kiss, but nothing felt farther from a punishment. His lips were hot, moving over hers, demanding a response. When his teeth nipped at her lower lip, she opened her mouth and his tongue invaded. And that was the end of her amusement. There was nothing funny about this kiss. In fact, there was no way to even think, to try to avoid his hands or the press of his body against her softness.

Miranda wasn't even aware of her hands as they crept up, wrapping around his neck, her own body pressing against his in a sudden, urgent and impossible-to-deny need to touch him and feel all of him against her. When he deepened the kiss, she was in full compliance, not sure if she could stop him, even if she wanted him to. Which she definitely didn't.

It took several minutes before she realized that he'd lifted his head. She was still clutching his shoulders, her hands fisting his jacket as she clung to him, blinking up into his eyes as she tried to figure out what just happened.

"Still going to try and convince my sister that you're marrying me for my money?" he growled to her, his hands sliding up her back, pressing her against him even more firmly.

Miranda couldn't speak, could only shake her head. She licked her lips, still clinging to him and trying to get her knees to stiffen enough to hold her weight. "Um...probably not," she whispered back. She vaguely heard someone laugh behind her but still couldn't focus on anything other than the man holding her in his arms.

He smacked her bottom, just hard enough to get her attention. "Behave," he grumbled.

He moved back, but didn't release her. Royston kept his arm around her waist as he turned back to his sister. "So tell me what you've been doing," he urged, sitting down on the sofa across from Wyndi, pulling Miranda right down next to him.

Miranda didn't hear a single word for possibly the next five minutes, but it might have been a full hour. She was still trying to deal with the double impact of that kiss along with sitting next to this extremely large, overly muscular man. The heat emanating from the side of his body was intense and she tried to wiggle away from him as inconspicuously as possible, but he just shifted so that they were once again touching along the entire length of her side.

"Dinner is ready," someone said from behind them.

Royston turned and nodded to what Miranda suspected might be his housekeeper but she'd already disappeared by the time Royston stood up and pulled her along beside him, his hand holding hers as he walked her to the dining room table.

He pulled out one of the seats and Miranda practically sighed with relief as she slid into the chair because she would finally get a bit of relief from sitting plastered against him. He even sat down next to her at the large, round table so she didn't even need to look at him. She picked up her water glass and took a long sip, feeling the cooling power of the cold liquid seep into her body gratefully.

The housekeeper reappeared and placed a steaming plate in front of each of them. Miranda smiled her thanks to the kind looking woman who once again disappeared into what was most likely the kitchen.

As soon as Miranda picked up her fork and turned to Wyndi, the two couldn't stop talking. Miranda was amazed that someone so lofty could be so easy to talk to. She enjoyed laughing and sharing with the woman who was shockingly beautiful. But when Miranda caught the kind woman smothering a yawn, she stopped and shook her head. "You're exhausted," Miranda announced. And then turned in surprise to Royston and Wyndi's husband. "I'm so sorry," she gasped. "We've been dominating the conversation and this was your time to catch up with your sister!"

Both men chuckled and Royston shook his head. "I learned a lot from your conversation," he said softly, catching her hand and squeezing it gently. "But you're right. Wyndi needs to get some rest."

Tamar was already standing up, taking Wyndi's hand in his and pulling her gently to her feet. "We'll come back," he promised when he caught his wife's anxious expression at the idea of leaving her newly discovered brother.

Royston instantly came up with the perfect solution. "I have a house about an hour outside of London. Will you come stay with me this weekend?" he asked of his sister.

Wyndi's eyes instantly cleared but she looked up to her husband before answering. "Do you have anything pressing this weekend?" she asked.

Royston saw the look in her eyes and relaxed. She truly loved her husband, he thought. He still wasn't sure if he approved of the man, but the fact that he was treating her so well spoke volumes for his character. He still wanted to see how they interacted together for more than just a couple of hours.

Tamar lifted his hand to gently caress her neck. "Nothing at all."

Wyndi turned to Miranda. "Are you sure you don't mind giving up your private time with your fiance? I know how excited I was to be with this old guy when we first met."

Miranda quickly shook her head. "No! A quiet weekend is just what the two of you need to get to know each other better!" she replied quickly, relieved that he would be out of town and she wouldn't have to be with him as well. She was still so confused after that kiss.

Unfortunately, she didn't anticipate what was to come next.

"We'd love to have you stay with us," Royston said, putting his arm around her waist.

Miranda looked up at the man, then back at his sister, trying to remember that she was in love with the big guy. It was extremely hard to remember anything with his arm around her though!

"Would you like us to drive you home?" Tamar asked Miranda, an odd look in his eyes.

Miranda was just about to say yes, desperate to get away from the man she was supposed to hate but was finding that she didn't feel that way about him at all. At least not when he had his arm around her like this!

"I've got that covered," Royston said, glaring at his brother-in-law, knowing exactly what the other man was trying to do.

Tamar just chuckled and took his wife's hand. "I'll ensure that your sister gets some rest then," he promised.

"I'll leave directions to the house with your assistant," Royston promised. A moment later, Miranda was standing in Royston's elegant foyer without any other protection. She looked up at him, nervous and trying to step out of his arms.

"Well, that was a very nice evening," she said, trying to look away from his dark eyes. "Your sister is wonderful."

Royston didn't smile. He was remembering the kiss they'd shared only a couple of hours ago and thinking about how she'd reacted. He liked the way she felt, the way she kissed him back. And he especially liked the dazed look in her eyes afterwards. He wanted to do that to her again. And again!

He took a casual step towards her but his intent obvious in his eyes.

Miranda panicked, not sure if she would be able to hold him off. Not completely sure if she really wanted to. "Hold it right there," she gasped, relieved when he stopped his forward momentum. "I'm not your real fiancee," she reminded him. "You need to drive me home right now."

Royston saw the look in her eyes and thought about pressing the issue. Then he remembered how late it was, the fact that she hadn't gotten much sleep the previous night because of the reports she'd done earlier in the day, and how he'd have her all to himself over the weekend. "Fine," he replied back, in a good mood all of a sudden. He also remembered the fact that he'd get to kiss her goodnight as soon as he got her to her apartment. "Let's get you home to bed."

Miranda couldn't believe he was giving in so easily. And what was even more confusing, she was actually hurt by it. But what was she supposed to do about it? She'd just told him she wouldn't sleep with him...well, not in so many words...and he was agreeing with her.

She shook her head as she pulled her coat on over her shoulders. The man was a complete mystery, she told herself. And her reactions to him were completely illogical.

She shivered when he put a hand to the small of her back, leading her out of his penthouse. He didn't take her to the limousine though, but instead, the elevator doors opened up to a parking garage. There, he opened the door to a powerful looking, black Mercedes. "You drive?" she asked, surprised but relieved that he would have his hands on the steering wheel instead of on her.

"Of course I drive," he chuckled, closing the door when she was settled into the passenger seat. He drove through the quiet streets of London, his shoulders tipped slightly towards her as he asked her questions during the ride.

"Why this third degree?" she asked when they were close to her building.

"I need to know about you if we're going to get through this weekend," he explained, not telling her that he was simply interested in who she was as a person.

Miranda agreed that he had a good point so she answered more of his questions. It wasn't until they were standing in her doorway that she realized that she would need to know about his past as well. "You know..." she was about to tell him that exact thing, but his mouth covered hers and he pulled her against his hard body. She gasped with the first contact, but didn't pull away. She couldn't. It wasn't that his hands were hard against her body because her own hands were gripping the lapels of his coat as well. It was that she simply couldn't pull away. Didn't want to. She couldn't stop herself from needing closer contact with him. It was as if her mind decided that she wasn't in need of common sense, that it wasn't going to listen to the evidence that this man was not good for her. Her body needed him, she craved him in a way she'd never before experienced. It was strange and overwhelming, but as his tongue demanded entry to her mouth, she complied simply because she couldn't do anything else but welcome his domination of her mind and her body.

She whimpered when he pulled away, her body not getting enough of his touch or his kiss. "Tell your boss that you're getting off work tomorrow at noon," he told her, his voice husky and she looked up, terrified since she saw the same feelings reflected in his eyes that she was feeling now.

"I can't," was her automatic response.

His eyes hardened. "Miranda, if you don't, I'll simply pick you up and carry you out of the office."

She was horrified at the idea. "You can't do that!"

His hand slid upwards and she grabbed his wrist, stopping him from moving anywhere too intimate. He smiled, wondering what it was going to be like when he had her alone and she was rested. Would she be this obstinate? He certainly hoped so. He liked countering her arguments simply by kissing her. He anticipated doing quite a bit more once he had her alone.

"Tell your boss whatever you need to in order to get out of the office at noon, or I'll tell him for you."

She forced her hands to release his jacket and wrist while she stepped out of his arms. "The dictator is back then," she sighed and shook her head as if she were disappointed. "I'll be ready by noon, sir, but you're going to have to feed me." She said that as if it were a threat, but inside, she her stomach was flipping around, excited about the idea of seeing him again.

She had already turned around and was trying to put her key in her door lock when she heard his amusement and tensed, knowing that he wouldn't let her get away with that. She was right.

"I guarantee that I will satisfy all of your hungers this weekend, Miranda," he promised her and pulled her back up against his chest, nipping her earlobe before releasing her again.

Miranda closed her eyes as sparks of need shot through her whole body, ending up down low in her belly. "You..." she took a deep breath and straightened up, shaking her head to clear out the fuzziness caused by his latest "caress". "There's no need to touch me or kiss me when your sister isn't around," she admonished him.

Royston saw her dark head bend downwards and heard her words, but something inside of him snapped when she tried to order him about. Instead of letting her enter her apartment and think she could issue that kind of a statement and get away with it, he swung her around and pinned her up against the wall. "Miranda, you and I both know that there's a hell of a lot more going on between us. The need to make my sister think I'm about to be married and happy is secondary to this fire that is burning out of control whenever we touch. And we will be exploring this over the weekend. I promise you that."

Her breathing was rapid and she felt like she couldn't get enough air in her lungs. She looked up at him, not sure how to reply. His hand was resting just below her breasts and she wanted so desperately for him to move it higher, to feel his fingers against her sensitive nipple but she bit down on her lip, refusing to give him anymore fuel. "I have to go," she whispered.

Royston watched her, knowing that she was feeling exactly the same thing he was, but he relented. There was plenty of time this weekend. He pulled back, gently caressing her cheek. "Noon tomorrow," he warned softly. "And I'll feed you."

With that, he unlocked her door and waited until she was safely inside before he walked away.

Miranda leaned against the door to her apartment until the ding from the elevator told her that he'd departed from the floor. With that indicator, she sagged against the door, feeling exhausted and somehow sad. The man generated crazy emotions within her that she definitely didn't like and couldn't understand! Her thoughts vacillated between wanting him to go away and desperate for him to touch her again. It was crazy!

She pushed away from the doorway and forced herself to get ready for bed, washing her face and brushing her teeth. She felt the nightgown slide over her naked breasts and wished it were his hands. Closing her eyes, she gritted her teeth as she slid in between the sheets, wondering what it would be like to make love with Royston Carmichael. The man was merciless in business. Would he be that way during sex? Would he be a selfish lover? Or would he drive her crazy with need and...she closed her eyes in the darkness, her body too wound up to think about it any longer.

She tossed and turned, her mind rehashing the two times he'd kissed her as well as his almost angry rebuttal of her command.

Chapter 3

Fourteen hours later, Miranda was staring at the enormous bed with her suitcase resting beside it. The fact that the suitcase was there wasn't the problem. Nor was the size of the bed, but it did make her blush.

No, the problem was the second suitcase that was sitting right beside her own. Both of them had already been emptied by Royston's super-efficient staff and she was standing here, trembling with fear, anticipation and confusion.

Did he really expect her to sleep with him? In this room? There were so many bedrooms in this house, surely he could find another one. Good grief, she'd be happy to find her own bedroom! This one was bigger than her entire apartment!

And she really didn't want to sleep in the same room as the enemy.

Okay, so she'd found him to be an interesting conversationalist on the ride down to his country home. And he had been sweet and kind to his sister last night not to mention stopping at a wonderful little restaurant where she had some of the most delicious foods of her life.

But he was so scary! She couldn't imagine what he might want from her! She wasn't up for this. He was so out of her league on too many levels.

She spun around, determined to tell him that there was no way she could do this. She'd just have to explain to his sister that this was all a sham, that she'd lied to her and was ashamed, but she had to get out of this house as fast as possible! She simply couldn't go through with this. Not with that huge bed looming in front of her.

"Going somewhere?" Royston asked, holding a glass of some sort of creamy liquid in one hand and a tall glass of amber liquid in the other.

"I have to..." she blinked when he handed her the creamy glass. "What's this?"

"Try it," he told her, then waited for her to take a sip.

Miranda looked at the liquid, not quite sure she should drink anything he handed to her. He looked like he was up to mischief and she didn't trust him.

Okay, yes, she trusted him, but she didn't know what this was and she had to keep her head about her. "What's in it?"

He shrugged and took a long sip of his beer. "I noticed that you don't drink red wine, nor white wine, so I had my housekeeper mix up something that you'll probably like."

She sniffed the mixture in the martini glass carefully. "I don't think I can handle a martini."

He chuckled. "I doubt you'd be able to handle a gin or vodka martini. But this is different." He watched her carefully, a definite challenge in his eyes. "Are you going to trust me or stand there staring at the drink until you figure out what it is?"

She laughed softly, still not sure she should, but in the end, she was too curious so she took a sip of the creamy liquid. As soon as the taste struck her tongue, her eyes widened in delighted surprise. "Oh my! That's delicious!" and she took another sip. "Pumpkin?" she asked.

He nodded his head. "Pumpkin martini."

She laughed, thrilled with the sweet, creamy drink. "This is amazing! It's smooth but still," she took another sip, thought for a moment as the drink hit her taste buds, "but still has a bit of a kick to it, doesn't it?"

He winked at her then took her hand. "Now that I've finally found a drink you like, let's go relax by the fire while we wait for my sister to show up."

She followed him down, taking another sip simply because the drink was so delicious. It wasn't like a normal alcoholic beverage, but more like a dessert. Yes, she could definitely get used to this! "What other flavors of martini are there?"

He raised an eyebrow. "Just about any kind you can imagine, from what my housekeeper tells me."

She laughed, understanding by his tone that he didn't want anything to do with the sweet drink. It occurred to her that he had gone out of his way to find a drink she would like and could enjoy socially. Not that she could order this in a restaurant, she thought with a laugh. She could just imagine the horror on a bartender's face if she requested a pumpkin martini! The horror!

"Well, whatever is in it, I really like it." He pulled her down onto a deep, sofa. Fortunately, for Miranda's peace of mind, the doorbell rang only moments after they were seated. Even Royston saw the look of relief on her face and almost laughed. "There's always tonight," he whispered into her ear a moment before his housekeeper showed Wyndi and Tamar into the room.

She thought about telling him that she couldn't sleep with him, but it was too late. She didn't want to do it in front of his sister and Royston was already moving forward to gently hug his sister.

The afternoon was delightful with Wyndi keeping the conversation moving along and only a few glares between Tamar and Royston during the evening meal. But too soon, Wyndi started yawning and she excused herself to get some rest. "I never knew that the early stages of pregnancy could be so exhausting," she explained, rubbing her tummy protectively.

Miranda stood up, watching the other couple leave with a jealous heart and nervous stomach. She wanted that kind of a relationship, she thought as the couple walked out of the room, Tamar's arm around her waist as if he simply couldn't stop touching his wife.

Royston sat back down, watching Miranda carefully. He knew she was nervous, but wasn't sure why. The chemistry between the two of them was surprising, but a good thing in his mind. They both wanted each other, why was there any hesitation?

"Talk to me," he told her, taking her hand and pulling her down next to him. "Why are you so nervous about being alone with me?"

She resisted for a moment, but figured talking was a better, safer, option than what she suspected he wanted to do. "I need my own room."

"No you don't," he immediately replied. "We'll sleep together, but I doubt I'm going to let you sleep very much tonight."

She felt his thumb rubbing against her wrist and wanted to pull her hand away. "I think that's what I'm terrified about," she said, taking a deep breath and looking at the fire. "I can't do this. Not with you,' she finally admitted.

"Why not?" he laughed softly at her wording. "And why specifically not with me?"

His hand slid up her arm and she shivered. "Because you terrify me. And I can't handle this. I can't handle you."

His lips formed a slight smile due to her phrasing and all the images her words conjured up in his mind. "I think you can handle me just fine."

She realized what she'd just said and blushed, looking down again. "See? That's what I mean. I can't... I've never..." she stopped, her hand fluttering in the air. "I just can't."

He lifted her hand, his fingers sliding between hers and the touch was sensuous, startling her with the intensity of her reaction. "Tell me what you can't do."

She took a deep, shuddering breath. "You're too experienced."

His eyes captured hers and his hand froze for a long moment. "Are you telling me that you're not?"

She flushed and looked down, trying to extricate her hand but he wouldn't release her fingers. "You're out of my league," was her refrain.

He didn't use any more words. With careful precision, he set his brandy glass down on the table in front of him then, with a swiftness she'd never seen before, he lifted her into his arms and set her down onto his lap. His hand immediately moved up to hold her in place when she tried to get away. "You're perfect," he groaned.

For a split second, Royston thought about backing off and not making love to her. But that thought was quickly banished by the all-consuming need to possess her as no other man had ever done before. He'd wanted Miranda from the first moment he'd seen her in the hallway. But getting to know her, hearing her laugh over the past two dinners, had given him insight into her sweet personality that wouldn't allow him to simply walk away from her. He wanted her, he had to have her. And he knew he could make this good for her.

He wondered how he would feel when he moved on to his next mistress but had to push that thought aside. He couldn't deal with the idea of another man touching her like he wanted to touch her.

He slid his lips over hers, nibbling at her trembling mouth. "Open up for me, Miranda. I promise to take care of you."

With that assurance and his hands smoothing over her skin, she found that she wasn't able to resist. Nor did she really want to. Logically, she might know that this was a bad idea. But the events of the past forty-eight hours convinced her, perhaps incorrectly, that this man was not the horrible human being she'd initially thought he was.

When she complied with his command, she shuddered as his hands and mouth devoured her. His hands shifted upwards, cupping her breasts with his strong fingers, moving against the tender flesh and causing a moan to escape from her mouth. She had no idea how it happened, but one moment she was sitting on his lap, the next moment, she was laying on a soft blanket in front of the fireplace while his hands swiftly released the buttons on her shirt. She stared up at his eyes while he pulled the fabric away. She should be nervous, but the look in his eyes, the power and hunger she saw in their depth, gave her a feminine power that pushed away all of her anxiety. This was right, she told herself. She'd never felt anything so right.

And then his fingers cupped her breast with nothing in between, his thumb rubbing against her nipple and she cried out, arching into his hand.

"You're beautiful, Miranda," he groaned as his mouth moved lower, taking that peak in his mouth.

She couldn't believe the electric shock that tore through her body with that touch, not even sure if she could take that kind of heat. But he was relentless, holding her in place while he teased and kissed her. She tried to wiggle away, but he wouldn't let her. So she found that the only way to appease some of the intensity was to touch him back, to get her mind slightly off of what he was doing to her.

With that discovery, she pulled his shirt out of the waistband of his slacks, her fingers sliding against the shockingly hard planes of his body, discovering that he was so much more than she'd expected. His muscles were tighter, more compact than she'd thought and delighted in discovering all the ripples along his back, then moving to his stomach. When he tore his shirt off over his head, she was thrilled to have even more expanse of tanned skin to explore.

She didn't even hesitate when he slid her jeans off of her legs, feeling free of the cumbersome restrictions. But that was before she realized how much the denim fabric had been protecting her. His fingers traced along the curve of her thigh and she gasped when they stopped high up on her hips, then dipped down lower.

Miranda wanted to run away and yet, she couldn't seem to move away from his questing hands. When they touched her in one place, she shifted so he had better access. When he moved to her thighs, she moved her legs so that he could touch her everywhere. It was like her skin was controlling her mind, wanting his fingers or his mouth to touch every part of her skin.

When his fingers moved inside of her, she screamed out, only to have his own mouth absorb her cry. Her hips lifted off of the floor, moving with his fingers. And suddenly, his fingers were gone and it was him, that hard part of him that had fascinated her but she'd been too nervous to explore, it was pressing into her, filling her up and she'd never felt so whole in her life.

She felt a small bit of pain and Royston froze. When she looked up at him, her hands gripping his shoulders, she grew frustrated with his lack of movement. "Don't stop," she whispered, shifting her hips slightly, trying to ease this new, frustrated feeling. "Please, don't stop!"

"No problem with that, my love," he groaned back. And with that, he shifted in and out of her heat, filling her up, causing the most amazing friction. She felt so incredible, so wound up and she couldn't stop her body from shifting and moving right along with his. It was as if some other force had possessed her and she had to ride through the miraculous feelings, arching up to him to...yes! Reaching higher, she shifted once again, her hands unconsciously moving to his butt to pull him in tighter and...suddenly her whole body shattered and flew apart, her mind completely blank as the amazing feelings exploded. She couldn't think, couldn't speak, could only feel as he continued to move inside of her. She was vaguely aware of him finding his own release, but nothing could stop this throbbing, shocking bliss that overcame her.

A long time later, she felt Royston cover her in the blanket and lift her up, but she only smiled and snuggled into his arms, sighing with happiness.

Royston flipped the switch that would stop the fire and carried his slender beauty up to his bedroom. As soon as he laid her on the bed, she woke up enough to stare at him and that was all the provocation he needed to start the whole process over again.

Chapter 4

"He's a pretty good guy," Wyndi said as she slipped into the bar stool next to Miranda in the game room, the women sitting off to the side while the men played a hard core game of pool. Miranda wasn't sure if the game itself was intense, or their conversation was making it so. Tamar and Royston were discussing the possibility of a business deal, tossing out the pros and cons, their minds amazingly agile as they resolved one issue after another.

Miranda had to agree with the woman. After the past two nights, she wasn't sure what she was feeling for the man, but it was strong and it was confusing. "Yes, he is."

Wyndi looked at the other woman with a smile. "I'm glad he's found someone kind and generous like you to marry. Royston has had a tough life. He deserves someone who can make him happy."

Miranda's eyes snapped up to Wyndi's, startled with the news. "What do you mean? I know the two of you were separated as children, but he wasn't born into wealth?"

Wyndi laughed, causing both men to glance in her direction. She smiled back at them and waved, her other hand resting on her stomach. "Goodness no! Royston hasn't told you about...?" she stopped and closed her mouth. "Ask him about his teen years. You deserve to know. His experiences are probably what's made him so successful."

That was a mystery Miranda was dying to discover, but she couldn't ask Royston anything about his past. Other than the information he chose to reveal, she was in the dark. Royston was a very private person. He might give his body to her freely every night. But he didn't open up to her about his feelings or his history. That didn't stop him from asking her question after question. But she had so far failed to garner any insight into the man and what made him so strong and driven.

Miranda didn't want to use her position, however temporary, to spy on Royston though. She thought it wouldn't be right. Besides, she might be sleeping with the man, but this whole weekend was a lie. She understood why Royston was doing it and even admired him for his efforts, but she liked Wyndi. She hadn't expected to like the woman so much and now she felt awkward perpetuating the lie. It was wrong.

"You know, Royston is pretty happy," Miranda said softly, trying to reassure this kind woman.

Wyndi smiled, looking at Miranda and secretly hoping things would work out between her brother and this kind, warm-hearted woman. "I know he is now. But he was not happy when I first found him."

Miranda's eyes swung from watching Royston shoot to the woman beside her. "Why do you say that? I thought you'd just found him earlier this week."

Wyndi smiled inwardly, one more piece of the puzzle falling into place. The fact that the woman wasn't certain only confirmed her suspicions that Royston and Miranda weren't actually engaged. She wasn't going to ruin the story though. Maybe if she kept quiet, they would work things out and realize that they were made for each other.

"You're right. But from the moment I saw him in his office, I could sense the sadness in him. I don't know why and I can't really explain it, but Royston was not a happy man." She let that sink in. "He's pretty happy now," she said, still watching the men. "Also, I might have been pretty young before our parents died and we were split up, but Royston never treated his girlfriends the way he treats you. And I know there aren't many pictures of him online, but of the ones there are, there's a look in his eyes, a hardness and angry expression, that's been absent when he looks at you."

Miranda wasn't sure how to take those comments. They gave her a ray of hope that there might be a future between herself and Royston, but was that logical? Royston was one of those men who had obviously had many lovers, knew how to treat a woman to make her feel special. But should she dare to get her hopes up that this weekend might mean more to him than just a casual fling?

She shook her head, silently admonishing herself for thinking such ridiculous thoughts. There were probably dozens of women in Royston's past who had stupidly hoped for the same thing. She might be sharing his bed, but she wouldn't let her heart go so easily. She had to be sensible about this. Royston was not the kind of man who would settle down.

She watched him, a sadness filling her heart as she considered what would happen Monday morning. She'd love to live in this fantasy world where everything was perfect, but the harsh reality would come soon enough. She needed to keep her head on straight to survive that reality.

"Are you okay?" Royston asked, moving beside her and taking one of her hands. They'd finished their game of pool but she had no idea who had won.

Miranda pasted a smile on her face and nodded. "I'm fine," she replied. But deep down inside, she knew she wasn't fine. She didn't know enough about this man, she had no idea what really made him tick, and she was playing a role that was not real. But she suddenly realized that her heart had already been lobbed over the fence and was now firmly in his hands. She looked down at his fingers which were holding hers gently. He was such a demanding lover, so intense in the way he held her or touched her. Those fingers had driven her mad with desire so many times last night. They were strong, elegant hands, capable of both tenderness and heat. But they weren't hands she could count on. She had to be smart about this.

The dinner that evening was fun and lively with Miranda laughing and trying to absorb as many memories as she could before she had to return to her tedious, boring life without Royston. She might be just sipping another pumpkin martini, but Royston watched her over the rim of his own glass, making the martini taste so much more potent. Sitting next to him on the sofa, laughing and talking was more stimulating with his hand on her neck, hidden by her hair while he teased her, causing secret shivers to race along her body. But they were only secret to Wyndi and Tamar, since Royston knew exactly when he hit a spot that caused her body to react and look at her triumphantly.

Yes, being with Royston was much more invigorating than anything she'd ever done before. And as she pulled him into her arms that night, kissing him and giving her body to his expert touch, she released her fears for the future, deciding to revel in the moment. The future would come soon enough. She didn't want to ruin the present with those worries.

Chapter 5

Miranda felt a genuine sadness as she hugged Wyndi goodbye Sunday afternoon. "Please keep in touch," she said to the woman who had become her friend.

Wyndi hugged Miranda back, worried at the strange look in her eyes. "Keep him happy, okay?"

Miranda hesitated but Wyndi just put a hand on her arm. "I know. You're not really engaged. But don't let that stop you from loving him," she urged. "He needs you. He might not know that he needs you, but if you can hang on, he'll figure it out and he'll make you the second happiest woman in the world." She looked up at her husband with love shining through her eyes as their two men descended the steps towards the waiting limousine. "Promise me?" she whispered, her eyes looking intently into Miranda's.

Miranda was still so surprised that Royston's sister had figured out the secret. So she simply nodded her head. But inside, she wasn't sure she could fulfill that promise. Royston was his own man. She wasn't able to sway him towards anything he didn't want to do.

She shook her head as the couple stepped into the limousine and drove away. She felt warm and secure with Royston's arm around her waist, but bit her lip, wondering if he was going to drop his arm as soon as his sister was out of sight.

"I guess we'd better head back to the city as well," she said, wishing he would tell her they didn't have to. That they could stay here in this lovely house forever.

"I guess so," he came back, looking down at her dark head, wondering why she was in such a rush. "Is there something you need to do back in the city?" he asked.

Miranda shrugged her shoulders and stepped out of his arms. "I have to get ready for work, do laundry, grocery shopping. All the things I normally do on the weekends."

He took her hands and kissed her fingertips. "I took up a lot of your time this weekend," he said gently. "I appreciate all that you did to convince my sister about our relationship."

She pulled her hand away angrily. "I didn't sleep with you to convince your sister," she snapped.

He was surprised but didn't take offense. "I didn't mean to imply that you had," he said. "Are you okay?"

Miranda bent her head and rubbed her forehead. "Yes. I'm just tired," she explained, forcing herself to smile up at him.

He expelled a deep breath and brought her close again. "I'll get you home," he told her as his arms wrapped around her. "Will you let me help you get your weekend chores done?"

She laughed at the idea of Royston, big, huge, domineering Royston pushing a grocery cart down the produce aisle. She could just imagine the shock of her fellow shoppers as he followed her docilely around. "No," she chuckled. "But I appreciate the offer."

Thirty minutes later, they were speeding down the highway in his powerful car but she couldn't think of anything to say. It was as if his sister's departure had left a gaping hole in his life that she couldn't fill. And that saddened her even more.

She watched the landscape pass them by, trying to find a silver lining in this whole situation. But she was hurting too badly. Even as she admonished herself for feeling sad, telling herself that she knew this moment would arrive, she still didn't want to leave his company. She felt more alive, all tingly and excited, whenever he was in the room, or even before he entered the room. Just sitting next to him in the car, she loved the way he held her hand in his, confidently steering the vehicle through the traffic that became heavier as they neared London.

When he pulled into a parking space at her apartment building, the sun was starting to dip down over the horizon. Just like the sunshine inside of her, she thought with a melancholy she was unable to push away. "I can take that," she said when he pulled her suitcase out of the trunk of his car.

"I'll carry it upstairs for you," he told her firmly.

She sighed and turned around, allowing him to carry her suitcase even though it was covered in flowers. It didn't make him look even the slightest bit less manly. In fact, the dichotomy between his masculinity and the feminine bag only enhanced his attractiveness.

When she was standing at her doorway, prepared to take the bag from him, she was surprised when he took her into his arms instead. One moment, she was preparing to thank him for a fun weekend, words that didn't do their time together justice, and the next moment, she was wanting to climb up his amazing body again.

The thought of resisting him, of being firm about getting back to reality, was simply gone from her mind at his first touch. This was Royston, she told herself. And if he wanted one more night with her, she was going to take it and make the most of it. Sleep was over-rated anyway!

Chapter 6

Miranda rolled over in her bed, smiling as she stretched sore muscles. The night had been incredible but she wanted Royston again. Feeling behind her, she knew that just a touch would rouse him enough, but her hand didn't find warm steel as it had several times throughout the night. There was only a cold sheet where Royston's hard body should have been.

She rolled onto her back and opened her eyes but he wasn't in bed. She stopped moving and listened, hoping to hear him coming back from the kitchen or the bathroom, but her apartment was silent as only an empty apartment could sound.

He'd left? When had he gone?

She sat up in bed, pulling the sheet over her breasts even though she knew she was completely alone. Glancing at the clock, she realized that it was well past the time when she should be getting ready for work. She hadn't turned on her alarm clock the previous night so she hadn't woken at the crack of dawn as she normally would on a weekday.

With a sigh of resignation, she flopped back onto her pillows and stared at the ceiling. So this was it, she thought. This was her thudding return to reality.

It was worse than she'd anticipated.

Angrily wiping the tears from her cheeks, she shoved the covers out of the way and almost stomped to the bathroom, forcing herself to go through all of her normal morning rituals. She kept telling herself that, if she could just get back into her routine, she would be fine, feel better.

But even as she maneuvered her way onto the subway, she still felt horrible and lonely. And rejected!

No, that wasn't fair, she told herself. Royston had asked her to do a job and the job was over. She had to move on with her life.

As she made her way into the office, she plowed her way through the crowds on the sidewalk, resenting every step that was taking her closer to the man she'd snuggled up against for the past three nights. She'd felt his hot, hard body next to hers for so long, she almost felt lost now that she wouldn't have him next to her tonight.

Pushing through the doors, the sparkle on her finger caught her eye and she stopped, causing several people to run into her. They simply grumbled out their irritation and went around her but she was oblivious to all their comments as she stared down at the diamond ring on her finger.

She'd hated the size of the ring initially, but looking at it now, the oval diamond with the double band of tiny diamonds had grown on her, taken on a beauty she hadn't seen initially. Now, the idea of taking it off, of severing that one last tie to Royston, was something she couldn't figure out how to do. She'd actually forgotten that she still had the ring on last night. It hadn't occurred to her to take it off and give it back to him.

But staring at it now, she knew she'd have to return it. She had no idea how much a ring like that cost, but she was pretty sure it was expensive.

She suddenly realized that she was standing in the middle of the doorway, blocking other employees from coming inside. She shook her head and walked forward, her mind spinning at the possibility of facing him again.

She settled down at her desk, turning on the computer and spinning the ring around on her finger. It really was a lovely diamond, she thought. It wasn't too big, now that she'd been wearing it for a while.

Knowing she had to get this over with, she slipped the ring off of her finger, fighting the trembling in her chin as emotions welled up inside of her. She found a box of paperclips and emptied it out, placing the ring inside the box. She then put the box into an interoffice envelope and sealed it with the string. These were rarely used since e-mail was so prevalent, but that was a good thing since it would more likely be noticed.

She should probably return the ring in person, but she was terrified of facing Royston today. She didn't understand why he'd left her early this morning but she also knew that she had to end this relationship before she got really hurt.

Not that she wasn't hurting now, she thought, feeling like she was going to burst into tears at any moment.

Walking slowly down the hallway, praying she wouldn't run into Royston along the way, she finally came to his outer office. "Good morning, Laura. Is Mr. Carmichael in yet?"

Laura looked up at Miranda and smiled warmly. "He had an early morning breakfast meeting today but he should be in shortly. I know you were helping him out on a special project last week. Did you want me to give him a message?"

Miranda took a deep breath and lifted the envelope up, handing it to Laura with enormous reluctance. "Can you give this to him? It's important that he receive it personally."

Laura looked at it strangely, but nodded her head. "Of course. I'll make sure he gets it as soon as he comes into the office."

Miranda forced a smile to thank her but inside, she was feeling like her throat was clogging as the tears welled up into her eyes again. She turned away quickly, but stopped at the doorway to Laura's office. Turning back, she took a deep breath to make sure her voice sounded right. "Can you lock that up for me? It's important..." she started to say, but then stopped when a sob almost broke out of her mouth. She nodded as if to reinforce her comment, then turned away.

She was walking back down the hallway, fighting back tears but they refused to be stopped, streaming down her cheeks, mindless of how ridiculous and unprofessional she looked. At the last moment, she almost tripped into her office, closing the door behind her. She slumped down into her chair, letting out all of the feelings she knew she shouldn't be feeling. She'd told herself over and over during the weekend to not become emotionally involved. To separate herself from the sex and his charm. But it was no use. She really loved the stupid jerk!

Miranda had no idea how long she sat at her desk crying, berating herself, but the phone at her elbow rang and she jerked upright. Glaring at the phone, she considered not answering it. She couldn't face anyone right now anyway, it would be better if she just pretended like she hadn't come into the office. Maybe she should just e-mail her boss and tell him she had to go home sick. She certainly felt sick at heart. Was that ethical though?

She laughed harshly and shook her head. Was it ethical to stay here and not get anything done?

She dropped her head onto her palms and tried to figure out what to do. If she left looking so distraught, everyone would know that something was wrong. It was late enough in the morning that the rest of her co-workers were already sitting at their desks.

Her phone rang again and she jumped, glaring at the phone through her tears. When it finally stopped, she took a deep breath, trying to get her head on straight.

But it was no use. She still couldn't think properly. Maybe she should just....

She was about to type up a note to her boss when the door burst open. And there stood Royston, looking so wonderfully magnificent and her eyes drank him in like he was the last glass of water in the desert.

"Ah, honey," he soothed as soon as he saw the forlorn expression on her face and closed the door behind her, dropping the envelope onto her desk a moment before he pulled her into his arms.

With his first touch, the storm she'd been trying to hold back burst out of her and she sobbed onto his chest, apologizing for being so silly.

"Stop, Miranda," he urged hoarsely, his hand moving up and down her back. "And why did you take off your ring?" he demanded gruffly, reaching behind her to lift the box off of her desk where it had fallen out of the envelope. "Here," he said and slid the ring right back on her finger. "That's where it belongs."

She sniffed and looked down at the ring. "I can't take this ring," she said, feeling a huge amount of sadness. "You're going to need it when you propose for real. And I won't have any place to wear it. It's too big."

Royston pulled back, furious with her for saying the words, even though he knew what he was feeling was ridiculous. "You're not taking that ring off," he snapped and closed her fingers so her hand formed a fist. "Now tell me why you were crying and why you didn't answer your phone."

Miranda laughed but it came out as more of a hiccup. "I was being silly," she said sadly.

"Silly about what?" he prompted.

She sighed and fell back down onto her chair. He followed her, leaning back against her desk as he waited for her to explain. He felt a small amount of relief when she stared down at the ring, one finger tracing it as if she considered it something precious.

He couldn't really explain what he was feeling himself, all he knew was that he couldn't stand the thought of her in another man's arms. And he needed to know that his ring was on her finger. Perhaps it was some sort of stamp of ownership, or something just as barbaric, but he didn't care. He was feeling very Neanderthal-ish at the moment.

She started to slide the ring off her finger but he growled. "Don't even think it, Miranda. It stays right where it is. Now explain to me why you were crying."

Miranda's sadness shifted away as irritation over his commands surfaced and overrode her silly feelings. "Don't tell me what to do!"

"I'll damn well tell you what to do when you're doing something wrong!" he retorted right back at her.

She stood up, poking him in the middle of his chest. "I can't believe I was feeling sad a moment ago. I'm definitely grateful to you for showing up! Otherwise, would have let those ridiculous feelings keep on nagging at me."

"What ridiculous feelings?" he demanded, standing up so he could intimidate her. But after the past four days, he should have known that he couldn't intimidate her. Maybe that first day, but after that, she'd stood up to him like a gorgeous, sexy Valkyrie, refusing to back down.

"I was starting to think that I'd fallen in love with you! How ridiculous is that?" she scoffed. "But then you showed up and started giving me orders and I remembered what a horrible human being you are. Thanks for the reminder. I'm all better now!"

"Like hell you are!" he growled right back. He wasn't feeling better so there was no way he was going to allow her to escape unscathed. "You damn well do love me!" he almost roared back, but was vaguely aware that there was only a thin door separating them from the rest of his staff so he kept his voice to a low growl. "So stop using the past tense!"

"I might have been in love with you an hour ago but I'm not in love with you now!" she snapped right back at him.

"Well that's too bad, since we're getting married next weekend! So you can just get back into the 'love' mindset!"

She stared at him, stunned by what he was saying. She could barely breathe as her mind absorbed his words. "We can't get married," she whispered, all her anger dissipating.

Royston glared down at her, not sure why he'd said that, but it all felt perfect now that it was out there. "Why the hell not?"

She thought frantically. "Because we've known each other for only a weekend."

"And?" he demanded right back at her.

She rolled her eyes. "And...." She explained, her voice filled with sarcasm, "we don't know each other well enough to get married."

"I know you well enough to know that I'm in love with you. And that I want to spend the rest of my life driving you crazy in bed."

She gasped and shook her head. "That's just sex!"

He leaned down closer to her. "That's not just sex. It's incredible sex. And I don't just want that. I want to wake up with you in my bed, warm next to me. I want to argue with you about everything and make up in that bed. I want to know that you're mine for the rest of our lives. And I want to laugh with you like we did this past weekend."

Her eyes grew wider during his speech and her heart soared, but she couldn't release her concerns so easily. What he was saying just didn't make any sense! "It was a nice weekend," she whispered, thinking back to the way they'd talked with his sister and her husband, feeling warm and secure in his arms. "I liked it."

"You loved it," he contradicted. He bent lower, glaring into her confused, green eyes. "And you love me."

She was about to deny that, but since she'd already admitted it, she couldn't really take back the words. "I'm just caught up in the great sex."

He chuckled and shook his head. "Fine. But get used to it. Because I can imagine keeping you in bed for the next several months."

She laughed as well, not completely opposed to the idea. "We can't get married."

He was shaking his head before she even finished the short sentence. "We're getting married. Next weekend if Wyndi can be here. If not, we'll do it whenever her schedule will allow her to be there."

She smiled and looked up at him out of the corner of her eye, feeling lightheaded all of a sudden. "You think I'm just going to fall into your plans?"

He leaned forward and kissed her gently, more tenderly than he ever had. "I think you're going to have to pack up that apartment today. I don't want you out of my bed another night."

She gasped and pulled back. "You're the one who left my bed this morning!"

"The last time!" he growled and pulled her into his arms. She might have tried to say something but he covered her mouth with his so she couldn't argue with him any longer.

When he finally lifted his head, he looked down at her, his hands smoothing up and down her waist and he had that same, crazy heat in his eyes that she loved so much. He stepped back, taking her hands in his. "I know we've only known each other for a few days, but would you please marry me? I've never known a woman to feel so perfect."

She debated the logic of his request but, in the end, she threw her arms up into the air. "Yes. I'll marry you. But it will have to be a long engagement. I need to get to know you before I completely commit to you."

He pulled her right back into his arms, refusing to stop touching her now that she'd agreed to be his real-life wife. "What's there to know?"

She laughed and hugged him closer. "For one thing, why you're so obnoxious."

"But you love me," he came right back, nibbling on her neck and causing her to wiggle against him.

"I'm only marrying you for your money," she taunted. Then earned a smack on her bottom for that. She laughed and only hugged him closer.

"Honey, if you were after me for my money, you wouldn't have tried to give me back that ring."

She looked at the ring on her finger, smiling at how lovely it looked now. "I guess I could have sold it for a few thousand, huh?"

He squeezed her tight. "Even more proof," he said with a deep chuckle. "If you were after my money, you would know the exact worth of that diamond ring."

She slid her arms around his neck, ignoring the value of the ring, preferring to concentrate on the value of his embrace. "This really is crazy."

He bent low and kissed her until she was melting against him, unable to talk about logic. "Forget logic. Just kiss me."

She laughed and readily complied with this latest command.

