Chapter One

After I returned from running a successful Family Free clinic in Honduras, I was determined to obtain the funding I needed to do the same at home. Health care should be a right, not a privilege, and, with this in mind, I began to lobby the richest corporations, asking...begging that they fund my initiative. Two years later, and living off the last dregs of my mother's estate, I found myself on the edge of giving up. I'd lobbied JSG BioPort Labs yesterday, standing in their conference room with my PowerPoint presentation and staring at a table full of disinterested male faces, knowing that this was my last chance. In the end, I'd walked out, holding my head high, knowing I had failed. Or at least I thought I had.

To my utter shock, I had received a phone call from the company's CEO, James Gordon, requesting a private meeting. Mr. Gordon was a billionaire visionary, who had revolutionized the industry by spearheading advances in drug formulations, medical devices, and research. I was slightly intimidated to meet the man who had developed Demetril, which was a new breast cancer drug, with an eighty percent success rate.

I got dressed, wearing pantyhose, a gray pencil skirt, and a brown and black blouse. I usually downplayed my looks, but instinct told me I would need them today, so I took my time applying makeup and styling my shoulder length, chestnut hair. Sliding into black, sling back heels, I appraised myself in the mirror, satisfied with the overall result. As I left the apartment, nervous bundles of energy pricked me, adding an anxious spring to my step. My briefcase contained a business prospective, which I had agonized over. A nonprofit organization was a hard sell, because it went against the grain of what a business model should look like, since there was no clear projection of growth and revenue. It was entirely reliant on donations, and those were hard to come by in this economic environment. If my meeting with Mr. Gordon proved unsuccessful, I would have to get a job immediately. He was my last chance.

I took a cab to a restaurant near the Steppenwolf Theatre in downtown Chicago, checking my face in a compact and applying more lipstick. Then I fussed with my hair, which looked perfectly fine.

This isn't a date!

Actually, I hadn't been on a date in months; the last experience was a disaster. I had moved out of Peter's apartment more than a year ago, our relationship having run its course. My luck with the opposite sex was legendary; the horrors were too numerous to count, although, if I had any skill at writing, I could pen a humorous memoire of my misadventures. It would probably be a best seller. I paid the cabbie and took the stairs, entering an elegantly decorated reception area, which was furnished with comfortable looking sofas and muted lighting.

"I'm Gretchen Fox. Mr. Gordon is expecting me."

"Yes, of course. Right this way," said a woman dressed in black pants and a crisp white shirt.

I followed her through the restaurant, noting the yellow-beige walls, darkly framed mirrors, and rows of neatly stacked glasses on shelves. I'd never dined here, because it was pricy and my meager budget left little for frivolous spending. I saw myself in passing, noting a tall woman with an anxious expression.

Wipe that scowl off your face! You're never going to charm his socks off and get the funding you need looking like that, Gretchen.

I took a deep breath and tried to relax my mouth, moving my jaw from side to side. The maitre d' led me to a table occupied by a dark-haired man. Introductions weren't necessary, since I had been reading about Mr. Gordon all week in preparation of my proposal. He was a graduate of Columbia University, obtaining his masters in business from Harvard. He'd worked his way up the corporate ladder, rescuing one company after another, until acquiring the wealth to buy his own.

He stood, gesturing to a chair. "I'm sorry," he said, his tone deep and velvety. "I don't shake hands. I'm glad you could make it, Ms. Fox."

His smile caught me off guard, my stomach flipping over. "Mr. Gordon. I'm surprised you wanted to see me." He doesn't shake hands? Is he Howard Hughes weird or something? I placed the napkin in my lap.

"We'll have the Chateau Latour," he said to the waiter.

"Yes, Mr. Gordon."

I left the briefcase near my foot. "I have the prospectus, if you want to see it. The details were covered in the presentation, but I don't think you were at the meeting."

"I wasn't. Your document isn't necessary."

That was odd. "Then why am I here?"

"I want to know about Honduras. You opened a clinic with your sister."

"Yes, in Santa Rita. It's mostly self-supporting, although the drugs aren't cheap."

"How are you paying for that?"

"My mother left us money. We get the medications from Mexico and Canada. The trust fund is still solvent...for a while."

"I see." Our wine arrived, and the server poured the burgundy fluid into rounded glasses. I would have the Tuscan kale salad with glazed duck, and Mr. Gordon ordered the seafood salad and smoked mackerel. His look was assessing. "Why did you leave?"

"I helped set up the clinic. Emily's the Florence Nightingale of the family. I'm like Donald Trump. Someone has to manage the business. We immunized thirteen hundred people in six months. What I'm most proud of is persuading a surgeon friend of mine to help for a few days. Ten kids don't have their cleft palates anymore." I took a sip of wine, enjoying the richness of the flavor. He held his glass to his nose, sniffing delicately. I had downed my drink, as if I were sitting at a bar. The wine probably cost a fortune. He stared at the table thoughtfully. I took the opportunity to appraise him, noting the handsomeness of his face, his surprising youth, and the understated timepiece around his wrist. I didn't see a wedding band. He was an intensely private man, and besides his educational and business history, I knew nothing else about him. "Mr. Gordon, I'm really impressed with Demetril. I wish...I wish they had it available for my mother. She died of breast cancer six years ago."

"I know. I'm sorry for your loss."

"It could've saved her." I stared at a couple sitting at the next table, not really seeing them. "You're performing miracles in people's lives. I love that. It's what I try to do. It's what I want to continue to do. There's no reason why these kids can't get antibiotics or asthma medication. It's senseless seeing someone die from an infection that can be treated." I glanced at him. "How did you know about my mother?"

"A Google search."

"Oh." Our food arrived, and we ate in companionable silence, until I placed my fork on the edge of the plate. "Mr. Gordon, let's cut to the chase. You're more than capable of funding the Free Clinic. You have the resources. I want to open them here as well and maybe expand to other cities. They're needed badly." Here comes the burning question. "Are you going to give me the funding?"

"Perhaps." An inscrutable light shone in his eye.

"I understand. You have to think about it."

"Not really. I have a proposition for you. You may not like the terms, Ms. Fox. They're slightly...unconventional."

"How do you mean?"

"I'm not in the habit of throwing money away. By funding your Free Clinic and the others, I'd be throwing money away. Let's face it. I've done the research, I know your history, and now that I've met you, I'm realizing perhaps we could come to some sort of an agreement."

This brought me to the edge of my seat. "Really?"

"It'll require a particular effort on your part."

"Oh, I'm not afraid of hard work, Mr. Gordon. I could tell you some jungle horror stories. The snakes, the bugs, the lack of electricity, all the officials we had to bribe." I grinned. "It was ridiculous."

"I'm sure it's fascinating," he intoned dryly. "However, the effort I'm referring to would be more personal than professional."

Now I was confused. "What?"

"If you want the funding, Ms. Fox, I'd require you to perform certain services for me...regularly."

I stared at him blankly. Does he want me to sleep with him? You've got to be kidding. This guy probably has twenty supermodels on speed dial.

"I'll leave you the contract, and you can peruse it at your leisure." He placed a navy folder on the table. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm late for a conference call." He stood, scraping the chair on the tile floor. "It was a pleasure meeting you, Ms. Fox."

"T-thank you, Mr. Gordon." He's leaving already?

I opened the folder to find an official looking business contract with names, dates, and a list of services I was obliged to perform in order to receive payment. The payment itself looked more than generous, but I struggled to comprehend the list. As I digested what I was reading, my tummy began to tingle. I was to perform various acts of perversion for Mr. Gordon, which would be recorded. These included bondage, threesomes, and sex with other women. Nowhere did it mention he would participate, only that I was to be available twice a month at a yet to be disclosed location. There was a waver at the bottom that stated all participants would be disease free and hygienically sound. Ugh.

My phone buzzed. It was a text message from Mr. Gordon. "The offer expires in twenty-four hours."

I reached for my glass with shaking fingers, swallowing the contents. The waiter appeared. "More wine, Ms. Fox?"

"Yes, please." You might as well leave the bottle, buddy.

What the hell was I going to do? He wanted me to whore myself out and record the proceedings! What kind of a pervert does that? Couldn't I find another corporation to lobby? And wouldn't a billionaire have women lined up around the block to be his little...playthings? What did he want with me? "Oh, Jesus," I mumbled. "What about me says porn star?" I laughed at the absurdity of the situation. What had I gotten myself into?

You're out of options, Gretchen. You're running out of money.

I scanned the document looking for the conditions of termination. The only requirement was a forty-eight-hour notice.

I don't have to repay the funds? But I'd have to perform various sex acts...with other people. Oh, my God...

I had a sip of wine, staring at the table.

Who would know if I whored myself out?

I would know...and...

...the videotape.

I would have to get it in writing that no one but Mr. Gordon ever saw that tape. That would be the only way I would ever agree to this outrageous deal.

Chapter Two

I spent a sleepless night, tossing and turning, my mind playing out strange and disturbing images of what I thought Mr. Gordon would require of me. In all the scenarios, I pictured myself mistreated and humiliated. I had never had sex with a woman before, nor did I fantasize about them. The thought of sleeping with more than one man at a time and possibly being gagged and bound was horrifying.

I'm not cut out for this.

By the time I sat down to my first cup of coffee, I had made up my mind. There was no way in hell I was going to do this. I would have to obtain the funding from another company. My mother would roll over in her grave if she knew I was even considering such perversions.

My cell buzzed. "Hello?"

"Gretchen?"

"Emily?"

"Oh, thank God. I've been trying to call you all night."

I knew by the tone in her voice that something was wrong. "What happened?"

"We've had rain for a week. There was a flood, Gretch. We had to evacuate."

"Are you all right? Are the patients okay?"

"Yes, but the clinic's gone. The supplies are gone. I grabbed some medicine, but...shit...everything's down river."

"Oh, my God." We didn't have insurance for this. "Emily."

"I think I'm done," she cried. "It's over."

James Gordon would pay for a new clinic, if I agreed to be his sex toy. I had no choice now. "I'll wire you what's left in the trust, Em. I found a benefactor. It's gonna be okay."

"You have?"

"I worked out a deal with JSG Bioport Labs yesterday."

"Gretchen! That's fantastic. Oh, thank the Lord."

"You'll be all right. You'll be able to rebuild. I'll send you everything you need."

"You're so awesome, Gretch. I owe you big time."

You have no idea what I'll have to do to fix this. "Let me make a few calls."

"You're the best. I love you, sis."

"Love you too."

I was on the phone all morning arranging the shipment of supplies and medication. I signed Mr. Gordon's "business" proposal and faxed it to his office. Within an hour, I received the transfer of a significant amount of money. The efforts to rebuild the clinic in Honduras took up most of my time that week. I also found the perfect location for the Family Free clinic in Chicago. I hoped to open it by the end of the month. I relied on the help of volunteer doctors and nurses, who would generously donate their time and expertise. I would have to hire two full-time nurses to oversee the center and manage the patients. By the second week, the Honduran clinic was up and running again, and the space I rented in the Lakeview West area was being renovated. I'd almost forgotten about my "business agreement" with Mr. Gordon, until I received a text message with the time and address of our first rendezvous. He was sending a car, and I had to rush to get ready, while nervous twinges of anticipation coursed through me.

I paused several times that day questioning the sanity of this scheme and the sexual proclivities of the ultra-wealthy. From what I understood, I would not have any physical contact with Mr. Gordon at all. He would observe the events as a spectator, while filming the deeds for posterity. I had been assured that only Mr. Gordon would view the tape, as he was the legal custodian of the property. This relieved me...somewhat.

My phone buzzed, distracting me from my troubling thoughts. The car was waiting. I grabbed my handbag and left the apartment. A sleek, black limousine was parked out front. A liveried chauffeur held open the door for me, and, as we pulled from the curb, I realized it was too late to turn back. The soaring skyscrapers of the city grew smaller by the mile, while the greenness of the Lake Bluff area came into view. We passed a quaint village with storefront shops and cafes. I had spent time at Sunrise beach when I was a student at Chicago State, and I had once been engaged to a man whose family owned a pretty Queen Ann Victorian three blocks from the shore.

The chauffeur hadn't spoken one word to me. He directed the car into a secluded driveway, surrounded by a canopy of trees, which all but hid a modest residence. The red brick, two-story structure waited at the end of the drive, appearing as ordinary and innocuous as any home. Did you think they'd have a sign out front that said, wild, kinky sex inside? I exited the vehicle, avoiding eye contact with the driver. Swallowing the lump in my throat, I headed for the entranceway, but I had been expected, and the door opened, revealing a middle-aged woman with graying hair and an agreeable smile.

"Welcome, Ms. Fox."

"Hi."

Although I had read the contract fifty times over, I still feared something horrible would happen to me. I was, after all, placing myself in a stranger's hands to do with as he pleased. I worried that Mr. Gordon was a sadist or worse and that I would possibly be subjected to sexual torture, although the contract specifically stated this would not occur. I had the right to object to any sex act, and it would stop immediately.

"This way, please." The vaulted interior revealed wooden floors, cream-colored walls, and sparse furniture. I followed the woman up a curving staircase. She opened a door, exposing a large bedroom. "Here you are. The bathroom is to your right. Mr. Gordon will be with you shortly."

"Thank you." The door closed behind her, leaving me alone. The bed, with its brass headboard and beige quilt, would be the scene of unknown depravity. This is where I would...perform for the mysterious billionaire. I stepped out of my shoes and undid my jeans, lowering the material down my legs. I placed the clothing over a nearby chair. Remembering the surveillance camera, I stiffened, feeling violated.

Am I being watched right now?

I removed my bra and panties quickly and threw the robe on. I stared at the ceiling, searching for a camera. Paranoia took over, and I began to stalk around the room, investigating every nook and cranny, looking for little black holes.

"Have you lost something?"

I spun around to find Mr. Gordon, dressed impeccably in a dark gray suit and tie. "Um, no."

"I think I know what you're searching for." His look was vaguely detached, yet amused. "It's here." He walked to a shelf across the room and pointed at a small opening in the wood.

"Oh."

"Is there anything else you want to know?"

"I have a ton of questions."

"Of course you do."

"You're not going to hurt me, are you?"

"Not unless you want me to."

Ugh. What kind of answer was that? "Is this how you conduct business? Does the CEO of Harlan Pharmaceuticals get videotaped having sex?"

"No."

"Why me?"

"Please." He indicated the bed. "Have a seat." He took a leather chair near the bookshelf. "I might not have been at the meeting, but I monitored your proposal. You must know you're an attractive woman, beautiful, actually. You have spunk and passion. It gave me an idea. I saw it as an opportunity to fulfill some fantasies."

"Do you do this a lot?"

"No."

"Uh-huh." I stared at my fingernails, noticing a ragged edge on my pinky.

"You don't believe me, but that's neither here nor there. You've read the contract. You know what's required. You're in no danger, Ms. Fox." He wandered over to the nightstand and took my purse, digging through the bag.

"Hey, what are you-"

He handed me my phone. "Keep it near, if it gives you security."

"T-thanks."

He resumed his seat, eyeing me. "Do you have any other questions?"

"Yeah, but never mind. Can we just get this over with?"

A hint of a smile turned the edges of his mouth up. "As you wish." He produced a phone and pressed a button. I eyed the door warily, wondering who would arrive. As the seconds ticked by, the only sound came from the birds outside the window. I rubbed my arms.

"Are you cold?"

"No."

"I can turn the heat up."

"Um, that's all right." The door opened, and a thin, gorgeous looking woman entered. Oh, great. I'm gonna have to do the lesbian thing.

"This is Elizabeth. Elizabeth meet Gretchen."

She smiled. "Hello."

"Hi."

"She looks petrified, James."

"She does, doesn't she?"

"What did you tell her?"

"Nothing."

The tall brunette grinned. "Well, that figures." She began to remove her clothing, revealing an impossibly thin body and small breasts. "This is supposed to be fun. You've got nothing to worry about, Gretchen. You'll see."

Chapter Three

"I hate to fuck in silence. Is there any music?"

"Sure." Mr. Gordon stood and went to the shelf, fiddling with an audio component. "Anything in particular?"

"Something easy." The sultry refrains of Jazz filled the room. "Not too loud."

"Better?"

"Yes." Her attention was on me. "She needs a blindfold, doesn't she?"

"It's your call." He resumed his position in the chair. "Top drawer on the right."

She retrieved a strip of black satin material. "This'll work great." She sat next to me on the bed, her eyes shining mischievously.

I scooted an inch away from her. "You're not tying me up, are you?"

"Just covering your eyes."

I glanced warily at Mr. Gordon. His look was impassive. The material went over my face, plunging me into blackness. Elizabeth's arms grazed my shoulders and her breath fanned out over my neck, giving me goose bumps.

"Is that good?"

"I-I guess."

Her hands were on my back, gently massaging. "You're so tense."

Not being able to see actually lessened the rough edges of my anxiety. I knew Mr. Gordon's attention was on me, but it was easier not being aware of it. The feel of her hands sent tiny pinpricks of sensation down my spine. Strong fingers began to knead, rubbing and easing away my nervousness. I had never been fond of Jazz, but this piece was the right mix of rhythm and mystery, with an edge of something forbidden. Soft lips brushed my neck, making me jerk slightly.

"There now," she murmured. "You have to shut your brain off. I want you to feel, not think. Can you do that?"

"Y-yes."

"Good."

Warm lips grazed my neck, sending an avalanche of tingles into my tummy. Fingers loosened the muscles in my shoulders, while she kissed me beneath my chin and lower. She felt silky soft, and so unlike a man. There was nothing hard or abrasive about this encounter. Her hands drove into my hair, fingertips massaging my scalp. Her personal attentions were having a surprising effect on me. I was almost grateful for the blindfold; otherwise I would have shut my eyes, because everything she did felt wonderful. The edges of my robe slipped from my shoulders, exposing the tops of my breasts. I had almost forgotten we were being observed, and I preferred it that way, actually. The blindfold was a safe haven. I could retreat into the rooms of my imagination and pretend that this was only a dream. Kisses landed on my neck, while hands massaged my arms, her knuckles brushing the edges of my breasts. The silken material dropped to my stomach, my nipples hardening instantly. I was almost fully exposed now.

"So pretty," she whispered.

Her lips touched mine, the sensation forcing my belly to contract and shudder. I had never kissed a woman before, nor had I ever wanted to...but the sweet smell of her breath and the sound of her breathing had me turning towards her, wanting more. Gentle hands drove through the strands of my hair, as her lips touched my cheek. Tiny kisses fell on my nose, chin, and mouth, where she licked me. I swallowed, anticipating a real kiss, but she caressed the skin beneath my chin instead, her hands gently rubbing.

"These are amazing." Her fingers were on my breasts. I reached for her in that instant, which was shocking. It was an involuntary reaction. "You can touch me." Embarrassment had me dropping my hands. "There are no rules, Gretchen," she purred. "You can do whatever you want."

I opened my eyes behind the blindfold, seeing a sliver of light near the bottom portion of the material. I tilted my head back to catch a glimpse of a man in a chair, but it was gone in a flash because her hands held my head, while kisses fell on my cheeks. Will she kiss me now? An out of control tempest raged inside of me, forcing my abdominal muscles to contract and release. I felt like a rubber band that had been pulled out, stretched to capacity. Her mouth covered mine at last. A silky tongue was urgent and coxing, encouraging me to respond, which I did. My perception was altered because of the blindfold, the darkness creating a dreamlike place where I could run and hide. While her hands cupped my breasts, mine rested on her shoulders, feeling the thinness of her form.

"Take this off," she murmured, grasping the robe, revealing my stomach and thighs. "Lay back."

I fell to the bed, my legs dangling over the end. All thoughts of hidden cameras and eccentric billionaires were forgotten, as my female lover kissed my neck, descending to my clavicle, where she left a series of wet spots. Her face was cushioned in the valley of my breasts, her lissome body rubbing against me, the friction almost unbearable. She moved with the grace of a dancer, each touch a measured seduction. The wetness between my legs was alarming. I would have to ponder the state of my arousal at another time, because my breasts were in her hands, the nipples being rubbed against her cheeks.

"Like erasers." A nipple was in her mouth.

Velvet flames shot straight into my core, where they caught fire. Sensation throbbed from the inside out; the feelings were so intense; I grasped the bedspread. She slid between my legs, pressing her length into my pelvis. There wasn't a part of my body that wasn't cognizant of where she was and what she was doing, because everything was connected. When she suckled a nipple, my pussy contracted. The movement of her hips had me lifting my ass off the bed to rub myself against her. I tossed my head against the quilt, from side to side, while kisses fell to my stomach, the quivering mass revealing the magnitude of my need.

Her hands were on my thighs, while those soft lips left a path of dampness, nearing the apex of my core. I'd never been all that enthusiastic about oral sex, finding the act embarrassing, but as her breath hovered over me, heating my skin, I couldn't help wondering what a woman's tongue would feel like. She nudged my clit with her nose, sending a shockwave through me.

"Oh!"

"I think you'll like this." Her voice was husky and low.

She kissed my shaved mound, pausing over me, hesitating. I had a horrible moment, thinking that perhaps I smelled so bad she couldn't continue, but a second later, her tongue swiped a path of wetness from the bottom of my slit to my nub. My brief instance of panic vanished, replaced by the extraordinary sensation of a woman's tongue stroking me, dipping into the dampness of my opening. Her face was soft against my skin, her mouth sucking gently, pulling on the edges of my labia. A tongue speared me aggressively, wiggling and lapping deeply.

"Oh, my God..."

The persistence of her attention had my back arching, pressing my pussy into her face. I had released the quilt, letting my fingers find her hair, feeling the silken strands. I was mortified by my behavior, but I couldn't resist pushing her into me, wanting more. The length of her tongue drove through my wetness, laving the insides of my tunnel and then pushing against my nub, which felt like a pebble. Saliva dripped between my cheeks, wetting the bedspread. I was lost in sensation. Because of the blindfold, my reality was confined to taste, touch, and sound. The sinuous wetness of her tongue, the heat of her breath scorching my sensitive skin, and the constant pressure that was applied to my nub, inched me towards oblivion.

"Oh...oohh..." A finger slid into me, followed by another. Her mouth closed over the little orb of my clit, teeth gently biting. "Oh...my fucking God!" I tumbled into the bliss that waited, shuddering from hundreds of mini contractions that pulsed around her fingers. I pushed her face away; any hint of pressure was too much now. Those long fingers withdrew, leaving a path of moisture. I stayed immobile for several minutes, listening to the exotic melody of a saxophone. I felt around the bed for Elizabeth, but I encountered nothing but air. Confused, I lifted the blindfold away from my face. I was alone. That's weird.

I remembered the hidden camera and snatched the robe off the floor, tossing it over me. I took my clothes and disappeared into the bathroom, washing up and getting dressed quickly.

I guess it's over then. That was...bizarre.

The housekeeper was waiting for me outside the bedroom. "Would you like something to eat or drink, Ms. Fox?"

"Uh, no. I'm...fine." I followed her down the hallway to the staircase. "Where is Mr. Gordon?"

"He's left."

Yeah? No, kidding.

The limousine waited for me in the driveway, and, as I got in, I glanced up at the house, wondering if the last hour had really happened, or was it a dream?

Chapter Four

I would never admit it openly, but I had enjoyed my encounter with the mysterious billionaire and his lesbian nymph. I had envisioned some sort of BDSM torture chamber equipped with chains, whips, and a muscled Dom dressed in leather, but, thankfully, that had not happened. My fears had been for naught. The strange sexual episode was a distant memory, as I threw myself into work, interviewing nurses, hiring contractors, and double-checking the permits for the clinic.

Something strange was happing, though. Whenever I had a free moment, I found myself on my laptop, searching the Web for images and information on Mr. James Gordon. I bookmarked several pages regarding his company's successful breast cancer drug, Demetril. There had been a surge of media coverage when the medication had first hit the market, resulting in several news conferences. Whenever I had a free moment, I watched YouTube clips, mesmerized by the man in the tailored suit, with the handsome and charming smile. His speeches were articulate, but far too short.

By the following week, I'd memorized the names of Mr. Gordon's top management team, including the board of directors and his publicist. Why this would concern me was a mystery. I had scored a coup by discovering that he had indeed been married, but divorced several years ago. She was a New York socialite. She had recently remarried and given an interview to Town and Country Magazine, briefly mentioning her ex-husband and his breast cancer drug. She was an icy blonde, thin as a rail, and now happily married to an Indian industrialist. Her idea of a good time was designing swanky horse stables for her collection of Arabians. Amenities included air-conditioning and a hydromassage pool for the animals. Give me a break.

As the day drew near for my next "meeting" with Mr. Gordon, I became increasingly anxious and excited about the prospect of seeing him again. Would I always be blindfolded? Would I only have sex with other women? A thousand questions raced through my mind, and I was so distracted, that I forgot a lunch date with a friend. I called June and apologized profusely. I had received the confirmation text in the afternoon regarding the time I would be picked up, and I raced home from work, hurrying to take a shower and get ready. Shortly after seven, I grabbed my purse and headed for the elevator.

The chauffer was not the same as before, but the location in Lake Bluff was. The house looked eerie in the dark, the trees nearly overpowering. There were lights on in the driveway, and several windows were illuminated. I stepped from the vehicle, as a rush of tingles bounced around in my tummy. The kindly housekeeper waited by the front door.

"Good evening, Ms. Fox."

"Thanks. What's your name, by the way?"

"Margaret."

A modest chandelier illuminated the entranceway. The house was utterly quiet, just as before. I followed Margaret up the curving staircase to the second floor. We were heading for the bedroom, and with each passing step, my anticipation grew. What a difference tonight was! The first meeting had been the icebreaker, and, now that I knew what to expect, I could relax and let go of my fear.

She opened the door. "Mr. Gordon will be with you shortly."

"Thanks."

The robe was folded on the bed. I undressed quickly and put it on, heedless of the hidden camera. It was thrilling knowing that I was being watched doing such mundane things. In the bathroom, I used the facilities, and then stared at myself in the mirror while washing my hands. I had fussed with my makeup earlier, carefully applying mascara and eyeliner. I wiped away a few dark flakes that had fallen to my cheeks. My hands trembled slightly. The adrenaline coursing through me had raised my blood pressure, no doubt. When I returned to the bedroom, I wasn't alone. Mr. Gordon was waiting for me. This time he wore a pair of jeans and a gray silk shirt.

"It's good to see you again, Ms. Fox."

"T-thanks." Awkward! How many times had he watched that video? Did I even want to know? What did I look like? Could you see cellulite? Did I look as sexy as I had felt? "Hum...can I ask you a question?"

"Of course." He smiled slightly.

"Will the...um...encounters always be the same?"

"No."

"They won't?" That was slightly worrying.

"I like variety, Ms. Fox."

"Oh. Are the images grainy?"

"The equipment I use is professional grade."

My spirits plummeted. "Oh, great." I suddenly felt self-conscious.

"Are you worried about what you look like?"

"Yeah."

"Wait here." He strode from the room, the smell of his citrusy-woodsy cologne lingering pleasantly. Within a minute, the door opened, and he returned carrying a laptop. "This is what you want to see, isn't it?"

He pressed a button and an image appeared of a blindfolded woman on a bed. I don't know what was more shocking, the sight of my breasts, full and contoured, and looking far sexier than I ever imagined, or the woman kissing my neck, her hands touching me, caressing my skin.

"Oh...wow."

The laptop suddenly snapped shut. "You've nothing to worry about." His look was veiled. "Are you comfortable? Do you need anything?"

"Not to sound like I'm prying, but...can't you get porn off the Internet? Why do you do this?"

"That's my business, Ms. Fox."

The door opened, and two women entered. Elizabeth was not one of them. So it's a threesome tonight. Mr. Gordon sat in the chair, not more than five feet away, while I stood apprehensively and slightly confused.

The blonde held out her hand. "I'm Cammy."

"Hi, Cammy."

"Lola," said the brunette.

I noticed Lola held a duffle bag. What the hell is in there? "Hi."

Mr. Gordon nodded slightly, an indication that the proceedings could now commence. Nervous bundles of energy assailed me, dampening my pussy, which was strange. I sat on the bed, holding my knees together, while the insides of my palms began to sweat. Cammy dropped her robe, revealing perky breasts and a strange looking tattoo on her hip. Lola let her robe drop. Both women were stick-thin gorgeous. I felt a twinge of envy, because I was a good ten pounds over where I wanted to be. I glanced at Mr. Gordon, but his look was unaffected, as usual. He'd make an excellent poker player.

Lola knelt on the bed. "Now there, pussycat," she purred. Her hands touched my shoulders. "Are you ready to play our little game?"

I cleared my throat. "Sure."

"Do you want us to go rough on her or soft," asked Cammy.

"It's your call."

"Don't worry," Lola said. "You'll like everything we do to you."

My pulse had raced into overdrive. I grasped the edges of the robe, holding the material together, trying to shield myself. A woman was at each shoulder, and I felt closed in, as if two leopardesses were about to pounce on me, and they were. My agitation seemed to amuse Mr. Gordon. The tiniest hint of a smile shone in his eyes. Bastard.

Hands were on me. "She's a pretty girl," murmured Lola.

"She sure is."

The garment slid from my shoulders, exposing my breasts, the nipples hardening instantly. Cammy pulled determinedly, taking away the only thing that had given me a sense of security. I was naked in front of strangers...again.

"We need you to lay down," said Lola.

I shifted on the bed, doing as they asked. I glanced at the ceiling, noting its recessed lighting. Only the bed was illuminated, with the dimmer on, lessening the stark quality of the light. I closed my eyes, waiting for something to happen. Where was my blindfold when I needed it? In a strange way, it had given me confidence. Something touched my arm, feeling like the end of a brush. I lifted my head and saw that the women held paintbrushes. What the hell?

My body began to tingle and buzz wherever they brushed me. Cammy stroked my arm, working her way to my neck, while Lola ran the brush from my throat to my breasts, the bristles tickling the deep valley of my cleavage. I shuddered from the sensation, the silkiness of the effect stoking the beginnings of arousal. I had no idea brushes felt so good. She dipped into my navel, sweeping it around and around. Cammy touched my face, the soft, brush strokes sliding gently over my cheeks, nose, and mouth. She teased my ears, sending little chills down my spine.

"I think she likes this," murmured Lola.

Lola was heading south...fast. I was trapped in the rapture of this particular technique, not wanting it to end. Her brush drew nearer to my mound, the anticipation building inside of me, like the rousing end of a piece of music played by an orchestra. Soft strokes landed on my inner thighs, while Cammy skimmed the edges of a nipple with her brush. She traced the curves of my breasts and then returned to play around the nipples, which had become achy, stiff peaks. Not to be outdone, Lola moved over my clit, the caress felt feather light, yet utterly stimulating. My hands had curled into fists at my sides, my body humming with sensual expectation.

The feel of the brush sliding up and down my slit was indescribable. I shuddered, gasping for breath, and drowning in this unique technique. Cammy's brush was in my belly button, teasing and turning in tight circles. Lola had me spreading my legs. The feel of air in this region made me shiver, because I was dripping wet. She outlined my pelvis, running the bristles to my inner thighs and back to my clitoris, which felt like a huge, throbbing mass. She passed over my slit with determined strokes.

"I'm going to need a new brush," she murmured.

I swallowed my embarrassment. I couldn't help how my body responded to this particular stimulation, but I didn't want it to stop.

"Maybe it's time you show her who's boss, Lola."

"Ooohh...yeah. She's more than ready."

I sat up, suddenly anxious. "What?"

"Lie down," murmured Lola. "The fun's just beginning."

Chapter Five

I'd caught a glimpse of Mr. Gordon, sitting attentively in his chair, with his hands on his knees. Was that a bulge in his pants? No. Or was it? Did he save his erection for when he was alone with the videos? Did he have sexual problems? Was that why his wife had left him? Or did he leave her? I suddenly had a million questions, and it was irritating that I would probably never know the answers.

Lola dug in her bag, producing a dildo. This hadn't surprised me. It wasn't particularly lengthy or outlandish in color. It was a simple, flesh-toned, molded hunk of rubber, created to look exactly like a man's penis. What I hadn't counted on was the strap-on that suddenly appeared. Who's wearing that?

"Hand it over," demanded Cammy. She attached the apparatus around her hips, the black cock jutting out from her creamy skin. She held her newly acquired appendage, smiling broadly. "I'm wearing the pants today."

"It looks good on you," said Lola.

She smacked my cheek lightly with the rubber cock. I was stunned by this action. It hovered near my mouth. "That's right, honey. Open up." I have to suck a piece of rubber? Ugh. The rounded tip pressed to my lips, the smell of plastic teasing me. "Open up for mommy." I did so. "That's it. Suck my cock. Suck it hard."

It was strange having something cold and rubbery in my mouth, but, if this was what Mr. Gordon needed to get off, then far be it from me to deny him. He was paying me a tremendous amount of money for the privilege and the least I could do was hold up my end of the bargain. I closed my lips around the shaft and sucked. Lola prodded my clit with the tip of her dildo. Then she slid it back and forth, wetting it instantly. This felt even better than the brush, and it was an effort not to moan. I hadn't had sex in months. My love life was abysmal on a good day, and this past year, especially so.

I really need to buy my own dildo. "Ooomm..."

The moan tore from my throat, which was stuffed with plastic cock. I gagged, as Cammy shoved the tool in further. I wasn't all that fond of oral sex, hating to perform it...usually...but the way this woman was forcing it on me, had a peculiar effect. I choked on the length, gagging, as tears flooded my eyes. My nerve endings all but screamed with arousal, which was something I had never experienced before. Lola's skill with the dildo was not to be underestimated. The tool toyed with my hole, the head popping in and out, making wet, squishing sounds. I knew Mr. Gordon had a direct view of my lower anatomy. He was probably staring right at the spot where the dildo entered. Morbid curiosity had me lifting my head, seeing him looking exactly where I suspected he was. He met my gaze then; an austere look was in his eye.

"Come on, bitch. Eat my cock." Cammy forced it into my mouth. "Yeah, that's it. Suck it."

Lola manipulated the dildo, while her breath lingered over my mound. My body tensed with expectation. I tried to mask the effect they had on me, but I failed, moaning helplessly. Her tongue began to prod my clit, pushing the little nub back and forth. It was too much.

"Oh! Omigod!" I gasped.

"Yeah, Kittycat. You like it, don't you?" asked Lola.

The stimulation my body endured had me throbbing, gasping, and almost begging for release, as I hurtled closer to the edge of oblivion. There was nothing I could do to stop it. Lola grasped the flattened end of the dildo, pounding my slickened passage, while her tongue laved my clit.

Just as the orgasm hit, I glanced at Mr. Gordon, and, for a breathtaking moment, I felt utterly connected to him. "Oh, God, no..." I groaned, throwing my head back and shuddering, while spasms wracked my body. "Ooohh..." Lola withdrew the dildo slowly. I gazed at the ceiling, my body quivering with the aftereffects of bliss. The women gathered their possessions and left the room without another word. I glanced at Mr. Gordon. "Is something wrong?" His expression revealed nothing.

He stood. "Get dressed. You're dismissed."

"Are you firing me?"

His hand was on the doorknob. "No, you're not fired, Ms. Fox. Just get dressed and get out." He left the room.

Ugh. That man.

Later that night, after a hot bath, I found myself on my laptop with the television on in the background. I replayed Mr. Gordon's greatest hits, the Demetril news conference, the interview with CNN, and several brief snippets from things he had said to reporters. The longer I listened, the more I enjoyed the timber of his voice and the articulation of his words. I'd stumbled across photos of him during his college years, looking young and handsome. That detached smile drew me in; the mystery of his persona was utterly intriguing. I had extracted some interesting tidbits from the things his ex-wife had said in interviews.

My husband is a private man.

We rarely vacation together...his schedule won't allow it.

James prefers tasteful, understated things...

Married for ten years, they had never had children. She knew what he looked like naked. She knew what it felt like to be touched by him. There were pictures of them attending functions together, the happy couple smiling, and his arm around her. Had he treated her with the same cold indifference he bestowed upon me? Did he treat all women like this? Why the hell do you care, Gretchen?

That night I dreamt about him...and the night after. By the time the weekend had arrived, I found myself in my car and parked within sight of the Lake Bluff house, watching...waiting...for what? I must have sat there for three hours, staring at the red brick structure, wondering if anyone was home. A lawn service arrived in the afternoon, and three gardeners clambered out of the truck and began to mow the lawn. They operated a noisy leaf blower afterwards in the driveway. Other than that deafening intrusion, there were no visitors to the house that afternoon. I drove home feeling empty and disappointed.

Work kept me busy, but the evenings were entirely predictable. My laptop was now an extension of my body, always near, and displaying a photo of Mr. Gordon. I counted the days until I saw him again, thinking of what I might say, and what naughty things he would have me do. He seemed to prefer watching lesbian situations, and I was finding those enjoyable as well. The week could not go by fast enough. It was torture having to wait until Friday night. I was ready a good hour before the driver picked me up. I stared out the window of my apartment into a gray, urban sky, watching the street below like a bird of prey. A flash of black had my attention, but my spirits plummeted when I realized it wasn't the car I was looking for. It would be another twenty agonizing minutes before my phone buzzed.

By the time I arrived at the house, I was a bundle of excited energy, my body buzzing at the thought of seeing Mr. Gordon again. Margaret led me up the staircase, which really wasn't necessary. I knew where the room was. I stripped as soon as the door closed, throwing the robe on. After using the bathroom, I sat on the bed and waited. To my confusion, I waited a considerable amount of time, so long in fact, that Margaret returned.

"Would you like a drink, Ms. Fox? I have cheese and crackers."

"Where's Mr. Gordon?"

"He's running late."

My shoulders slumped. "Just water. Thanks."

"As you wish."

I sat on the bed, kicking my leg up and down, my excitement diminishing. It would be another hour before the door opened, and, by that time, I had fallen asleep. A hand touched my shoulder, waking me.

"What?" I stared at James Gordon's face. "Hi." Holy shit! He actually touched me.

"I'm sorry about the wait."

I sat up, brushing hair out of my face. "Um...that's all right."

"Good. Then we can get started."

He seemed a little tense tonight, a touch on edge. I watched him carefully, noting the impeccable cut of his black suit and the blueness of his tie. His attention was on the carpet. He avoided looking at me directly, which was a little strange. I fully anticipated several women to walk through the door, and when it finally swung open, I sucked back a gasp. Tonight's entertainment would not include females. Two tall, muscled men stood in the room wearing nothing but towels around their waists.

Oh, my...oh...wow...

Mr. Gordon took his seat then, staring at me blankly. "Take your robe off."

I shivered, feeling self-conscious. I let it drop, the silken material floating to my feet. I tried not to stare at the men; their bulk and stature were intimidating. I focused on the bookshelf across the room. Smile for the camera. Say cheese.

"Fuck her."

The cold, impersonal tone in his voice brought me up short. Was this going to be some sort of gang-rape scenario? I glanced at Mr. Gordon to assess his demeanor, but his esoteric look gave nothing away. He enjoyed having all the control, the smug bastard. The men, who had dropped their towels, approached me. It was distressing seeing their erections, which had basically sprung up out of nowhere. The lengthy organs were hairless and hard, the rounded ends glistening slightly. Had they primed themselves with a porno in the other room? Good God!

"I'm not going to say it again. Fuck her."

Chapter Six

Strong hands grabbed me, hauling me to the bulging chest of a man, who was a total stranger. His cock pressed into my belly. He turned me around roughly, grabbing my hips and pressing himself to the entrance of my womanhood. Without the benefit of prior stimulation, I prepared myself for pain, but lubricant suddenly appeared, and a second later, his full length slid in effortlessly.

"Oh, my!"

He pounded me from behind, his fingers digging into the flesh of my hips. A cock appeared before my face, and its owner forced it into my mouth. I struggled to suck, because the man behind me was ruthless in the demands he made on my person. I had never had sex with two men in my life, and the situation might have been enjoyable, if they had seduced me first. As it was, the man jackhammering my cunt came quickly, pulling from the orifice and forcing me to turn around where he proceeded to squirt semen in my face. I closed my eyes to avoid the deluge. Great. There's sperm in my hair! Gross!

Not to be outdone, his friend took the position behind me and fucked me just as forcefully, grunting with the effort and stiffening, emptying himself in a gush of fluid. Wetness dripped to my inner thighs, as he drove in and out, milking the dregs of his pleasure.

"Go away now," intoned Mr. Gordon.

"Yes, sir."

They grabbed their towels and left the room. I sat on the bed, not caring that I wet the bedspread with goopy and disgusting semen. I glared at Mr. Gordon, loathing him at that moment.

"What's the matter? You didn't enjoy it?"

"Not really."

"This isn't about your enjoyment, Ms. Fox."

"I...guess not. Now what?"

"We're waiting on round two."

I crossed my arms over my chest, feeling dirty and used. This was not what I had been expecting. I swallowed the disappointment. Mr. Gordon's sadistic side had emerged, and God only knew what else would happen tonight. I tried to reset my brain. It's not personal. It's business. I had to detach from my own feelings and let go of my expectations. I stared at the carpet to avoid his scrutiny. He seemed to enjoy my discomfort.

"Look at me, Ms. Fox." Reluctantly, I met his gaze. "You hate me now, don't you?"

"I don't know you well enough for that."

"Don't you?"

"No. Can I...use the bathroom?"

"Certainly."

I scurried from the room, closing the door behind me, and leaned against it. I fought back an onslaught of tears, my throat constricting.

You have to get yourself together, Gretchen!

I can't.

Yes, you can.

He's not who I thought he was.

You don't even know him. You've blown him up in your fantasies.

I...wish I knew him.

Why? He's a pervert.

Maybe I could change him.

Oh, honey. You're so deluding yourself.

No.

You have to get a grip.

Ugh.

I cleaned myself up with a wet washcloth and used the facilities. My face was a mess, mascara was under my eyes, my lipstick was smeared, and sticky semen coated my hair. I couldn't even run my fingers through it. Ugh. Yuck. When I emerged from the bathroom, the men had returned, standing naked and proud, their cocks jutting out, ready for more. My time in the bathroom had not fortified me enough; my emotions were worryingly unbalanced. I hadn't expected to feel this vulnerable, this reluctant, or this scared. My arms were crossed over my breasts, hiding them.

Mr. Gordon's gaze rested on me. "You can do anything you want to her."

I should run to the door and leave.

You're naked!

I don't care!

The baldheaded man sat on the bed. "Come here, darlin'." I eyed him warily. He held out a hand. "Go on. Come to me." With deliberate slowness, I approached, nearing enough for him to grab my hand. He pulled me onto his lap; his arms went around me. He smelled lightly of a musky floral fragrance. I remained stiff in the embrace, fearing what was to come. He stroked my back, while I closed my eyes, and wished I were somewhere else. In my mind I pictured a park with grass and trees...the sun shining... I was anywhere but here.

"I like my women willing," he murmured. "She's scared shitless."

His words brought me back. As he gently rubbed my arms, I began to relax, but the sharp edges of fear still lingered. His friend sat on my other side, his hand touching my shoulder. They stroked, massaging my muscles, coaxing me away from the clutches of anxiety. Lips closed over my mouth. The kiss was light and sweet, yet I sensed his need, because his cock jerked beneath me. The other man took hold of my face and kissed me. They were excellent at seduction, leaving me buzzed and wet with arousal.

Someone's hands threaded through my hair, bringing my head back, exposing my throat. Lips descended, licking, biting, and sucking on my skin. I would be purple with hickies tomorrow, but it felt wonderful. Fingers kneaded the flesh on my abdomen, massaging and working lower, while an aggressive tongue charmed me thoroughly, attacking my mouth. Every inch of my dermis was being touched and stimulated by caring fingers. I didn't need to imagine myself elsewhere, because I was in an erotic paradise now. My nipple was in someone's mouth, laved and suckled.

"Oh, God..." I was suddenly on my back. My legs were drawn apart, and the body of a man was between them, sliding lower by the second, until his hot breath hovered over my mound. I felt a shocking wetness, even before his tongue had arrived. "Ooohhh..."

"Suck that pretty pussy, Cale."

His finger toyed with my slit. "Is this what you want, sweetheart?"

I glanced at him, but I saw Mr. Gordon instead, slightly pale-faced and severe, his lips were drawn in a grim line. "Yes," I breathed. "Do it." I collapsed on the bed; a mouth covering mine, while a lengthy tongue pressed against my clit. I moaned helplessly, drowning in bliss. The oral and vaginal stimulation produced an endless supply of tingles, which seemed to ping throughout my body. The man between my legs drove into my pussy, while his nose nudged my clit, sending bursts of sensation up my spine. I wrapped a hand around a cock, feeling hard heat.

"Oh, God...oh, God...yes..." He lifted my hips, by pressing against the backs of my thighs, exposing me even more. I wasn't sure what he intended, until I felt his tongue on my anus, spearing me gently. "No...oh...no..." A tongue filled my mouth with sugary silk silencing my protests. I had never had my bottom reamed before. The feeling was so deliciously intense; I prayed it never ended. Saliva dripped to the bedspread beneath me, as he worked the tight bands of my sphincter, loosening the muscles, bit by bit.

"I think she's more than ready," he murmured thickly.

They could do whatever they wanted, and I would gladly accept it. The man on the bed reclined on his back, a formidable looking cock thrusting in the air. "Come give it a lick, sweetheart." I reached for him, feeling wetness. My lips closed around the musky shaft, smelling myself on him. I worked aggressively, drawing on the end, as if sucking fluid through a straw. "Yeah, baby. That's it." His hands tangled in my hair, fingertips pressing into my scalp. "Oh, honey..."

"Ride that cock."

My eagerness should have alarmed me, but I straddled him without preamble, lowering onto the waiting shaft. I loved this position, because the feeling of fullness was deliciously pronounced. I began to rub back and forth, grinding against him and stimulating my clitoris with each pass. Hands were on my bottom, massaging and encouraging me to continue. Something wet poured over my sensitive skin, a finger toying with my anus. I knew what they intended, and the thought sent a fireball of lust through me. I had never had anal intercourse before because my sex life wasn't that adventurous. I doubted I would like it, but these men were more than welcome to prove me wrong.

"Ooohh...ouch."

He'd inserted a finger, drawing it in and out. The pressure was pronounced, the sensation oddly arousing. I collapsed on the man beneath me, burying my face in a thick neck. Hands massaged my cheeks, the finger dipping further. More fluid was poured, the excess running along the length of my inner thighs. The bed moved; the person behind me was getting into position, preparing to use me.

"This little hole is gonna be tight," he murmured.

"Fuck that ass," grunted Cale.

I braced myself for horrific pain, but instead, I felt only the tip of him, pushing, broadening my entrance. He eased inside slowly, opening up the constricted bands by tiny increments. He could have just driven in, devil-may-care, but he took his time, allowing me to adjust to the immense intrusion.

"Oh, God!" I gasped. The sensation of fullness was outrageous, and surprisingly exciting. My tummy tensed, a wild rush of tingles registering. Cale's cock continued to hammer upwards, filling me nearly to my cervix. "Ooohhh...oh...shit!"

I gritted my teeth, as the largest part of him sunk, stinging my little hole, the edges smarting. That was the worst part of the experience, and, as he began to move, pleasure flared, enhancing every sensation. The pressure was astounding, the feeling so extreme, I gasped, as the inklings of orgasm threatened. My entire pelvic region was engaged and fully aroused. I had never experienced anything this intense before. The pleasure/pain sensation pushed the boundaries of what I thought I knew about sex to a whole new level.

"Oh, fuck, man," gasped Cale. "I'm gettin' close."

My face was buried in a sweaty neck, while my body endured every stroke, every touch of the men using me. The cock in my ass drove deep, finding respite in my bowls, while the hardness in my pussy plunged upwards, stiffening.

"Awww...Jesus..." Semen jetted into my silken passage.

Fingers dug into my hips, while my bottom was taken vigorously. Each thrust brought a tiny shot of pain that exacerbated the feeling of pleasure. I shuddered then, convulsing, and gasping, "Omigod! Fuck me! Fuck me!" I'd never uttered those words in my life, but I needed him to use me at that moment, the crest of bliss reaching its summit. I collapsed on the man beneath me, while the cock in my ass plunged deep and stiffened, spraying my insides with white-hot cum.

"Fuck, yeah!" he shouted. "God...oh, man..."

I was exhausted; my body was slickened with perspiration. The man beneath me shifted slightly, his cock falling free. I dripped with semen, desperately needing to use the bathroom.

"Your job's done here," said Mr. Gordon. The men took their towels and left the room. His attention was on me. "Clean yourself up, and get out." He stood abruptly and headed for the door.

I had seen something unusual in that brief moment. There had been a dark spot on his pants, between his legs. He had ejaculated! Seeing me taken by two men had turned him on so much he had come in his pants. That had never happened before. I slid off the bed and snatched my clothing from the chair. I tidied myself in the bathroom, using a washcloth and warm water. I reapplied lipstick and dabbed the flecks of mascara away under my eyes. When I emerged, the baldheaded man known as Cale was in the room.

"You were a delight." He handed me cash. "I was told to pay the whore." He strode towards the door.

I glanced at the money, feeling numb. "Wait." He paused, one hand on the doorknob. "I...need your help with something." He glanced at me. "You're for hire, right? You do this for a job."

"Yeah, so what?"

"Can I hire you?"

"You can do whatever you want."

I dug through my purse, grabbing my phone. "What's your number?"

"What you got in mind?"

"I...have some bondage I wanna do."

He smiled. "To Mr. Gordon?"

"Um, maybe."

"He won't be happy about that."

"Just gimme your number. We'll worry about the details later."

Chapter Seven

Patience had never been one of my virtues, and, as the weeks wore on, I began to despair that the opportunity to exert some control of my own would never arrive. The clinic was up and running, with a second on the verge of opening; my sister was on her way home for a visit, and I found myself nearly insane with expectation...waiting for tonight. I had received a call two days ago informing me that my wait was over. I was going to risk everything that I had worked so hard for, including every penny I had left in my bank account, but I didn't care.

I knew I was in trouble. My obsession had reached epic levels, and I was embarrassed to admit all the hours I spent online watching interviews I had now memorized by heart. Pictures of Mr. Gordon were burned into my consciousness. I could close my eyes and see him clearly. An indefinable yearning had manifested in my gut, like an aggressive cancer. It was eating away at me every day. My dreams were vivid and far too realistic. I saw myself with him, in what I imagined his apartment to be, his plane or his car, but most importantly, in his arms. It didn't matter. None of it mattered. It would all come true tonight. The limousine picked me up after seven, and I was ready, feeling anxious, yet excited, to see my plan reach fruition. The thought of failure was not even a consideration. Tonight would either bring the end of all that I had worked for or the beginning of something new.

I ascended the steps leading to the red brick house, the door opening. "Hi, Margaret."

"Hello, Ms. Fox."

I smiled, genuinely happy to see her. I followed the housekeeper to the second floor, my walk of shame leading me to the doors of the bedroom. I had experienced strange pleasures and fears within this room, at the mercy of a wealthy and eccentric man, but tonight would be different. The robe waited for me on the bed, and I undressed quickly, sliding the silken material over my shoulders. I checked myself in the bathroom, seeing a woman with shining, expectant eyes.

This is it.

You shouldn't do this.

Shut up.

He's going to stop the funding.

I don't care.

You're too obsessed, Gretchen. You're so selfish. What about all those kids who need medical care? What about that breast cancer drug? So many people are getting it at a huge discount because of the deal you have with Mr. Gordon. How could you do that to those sick women?

Shut up!

You've lost your damn mind.

Shush! I'm not listening to you.

I left the room feeling slightly worried now. What if my plan backfired? I had envisioned the scheme ending in success. Not once had I thought otherwise, but now...alone in the room, I had second thoughts.

"Hello, Gretchen."

I spun around at this greeting. He had never used my first name before. It sounded wonderful on his lips. "H-hi." He wore a suit and tie, impeccably dressed, as always. I had learned to read his body language over the weeks, and I could tell he was relaxed and in good spirits. How long would that last? I sat on the bed and waited. He took his seat, eyeing me. An awkward silence followed.

"There's something different about you tonight."

"There is?"

"You're nervous."

"How do you know?"

"You seem tense."

I swallowed, hard. "No."

"Yes."

The door opened then, and the men I had hired entered, their expressions neutral. I had paid them twice their salary, and I hoped it was enough. I prayed greed would be my gain; it had to be, or this plan was about to fail.

"What do you want us to do with her?" asked Cale.

"What don't I?"

I had spoken to Cale two days ago, finalizing the arrangements. He was actually a father of two, and he worked for an escort agency making a solid living.

"How about we mix it up tonight?" he asked.

Mr. Gordon scratched the side of his nose. "What do you have in mind?"

"Ladies choice."

"That's not an option."

"You're sure of yourself, aren't you?" I felt emboldened and slightly reckless at that moment.

"What's going on?" He eyed me warily. He was no fool. He could sense the shift in power. He stood, reaching into his pocket, presumably to get his cellphone. In an instant, the men were on him, grasping his arms. The phone flew across the room, landing on the carpet. "Don't you fucking touch me!" He fought to gain freedom, his face a mask of rage.

"The restraints are in the bag, Gretchen," said Cale.

I vaulted off the bed, unzipping the duffle bag and retrieving the items we would need to secure Mr. Gordon. I was nearly giddy with excitement, because the plan had gone perfectly. He struggled against the men, thrashing and kicking, but their strength far exceeded his efforts. He was chained to the bed in due course, his wrists and ankles encased in leather. His feet were secured to the underside, the chains wrapping around the bottom of the frame.

"I'm going to ruin you!" he spat.

I felt his attention on me, but I was busy retrieving a pair of scissors from the duffle bag. "Is he good?"

"Should be."

"You can go now."

"We'll wait outside in case you need us."

"Fine." I held the scissors, feeling a little like a crazed psychopath. I was mildly surprised that he hadn't screamed. Margaret was the loose cannon in the situation. We hadn't planned on what would happen, if he had the chance to alert her. I eyed my captive, as the door closed.

"You're going to pay for this." His tone was low and threatening.

"I know."

"Your clinics are over. You're finished."

I had expected this. "Do whatever you have to."

"This turning of the tables is hardly original."

"No...but it's what I want." I knelt on the bed, eyeing his pants. I began to cut through the bottoms of the perfectly tailored clothing. "Now, don't move or I could hurt you."

His look simmered. I felt badly for him...for about three seconds, and then I let that useless emotion pass. I had been used for his pleasure for months, and tonight...it was my turn. The material gave way to reveal his legs, which were covered in a smattering of hair. I removed his shoes, letting them drop. I managed to pull his socks through the leather restraints. He fought slightly, trying to kick me, but his movements were restricted.

"I'm going to sue you. You'll be bankrupt by the time I'm done."

"Good luck. It's like squeezing orange juice out of a lemon, Mr. Gordon. I'm broke."

"You're going to prison." I glanced at him, feeling a moment of doubt. "False imprisonment, kidnapping, emotional distress. Rape."

Rape? "Oh, my goodness," I laughed. "You poor thing." I cut away at his pants, freeing an entire leg. I worked on the other, although he was trying to kick me. "If I cut you, it's your own damn fault."

"You've no idea who you're dealing with, Ms. Fox. When I say I'll ruin you, there won't be anything left. You'll have the clothes on your back and nothing else. You forget the tapes. One click and they're on the Internet. Say goodbye to your reputation. I'll let you walk away free and clear, if you untie me right now."

I had unbuttoned his shirt and cut through his jacket. "I don't care about your threats. I...just want you. I want to touch you. I want you in me. If tonight's all I get, I'll take it." My words silenced him. He watched as I cut away the jacket. I pulled it from his body, exposing his chest. His muscles revealed a dedication to exercise and weight lifting. His stomach was smattered with hair, the belly rising and falling gently. He was nearly naked now; his boxers were the only remaining article of clothing left. The telltale bulge of his cock forced the fabric upwards. I found it amusing that he could blather on about how he was going to ruin me and send me to jail, yet everything that I was doing seemed to arouse him.

I tapped the scissors to my mouth. "Looks like I'm almost done. You're pretty hot for a billionaire."

"I'll take Emily down too. She can join you in the same cell."

I leaned over him. "If that makes you happy, Mr. Gordon." His dark blue eyes had flecks of gray in them. "Don't you want to touch me? I want to touch you."

"You, fucking crazy bitch."

His lips were fuller than I expected, and he smelled like a day at the beach, earthy, yet crisp like freshly washed linen. "I am crazy. You're all I think about. I wanna know everything about you, but you give me nothing. I know it's a game to you, but I can't stand it anymore. You like to watch me having sex with people. Don't you want to touch me?" My hand rested on his chest. "Your heart's beating a mile a minute."

"Don't mistake anger for lust."

"There's a fine line there."

"You crossed the line. The next time I see you, you'll be wearing an orange jumpsuit."

"You can't stop me, Mr. Gordon."

I traced his nipple with the tip of my finger. "I'm going to touch every last inch of you, and there isn't a damn thing you can do about it." A shot of liquid adrenaline, heady and invigorating, raced through my system. I loved the control I felt, even if it meant my own destruction. His look smoldered with anger and need. I read the signals loud and clear; he was aroused beyond measure. I was going to enjoy every second of his captivity. I suspected he would to. I leaned towards him, his eyes widening in alarm. "Kiss me."

Chapter Eight

He turned his head to the side, offering me his cheek. I pressed my nose to his face, inhaling the scent of his skin. This was the moment I had been dreaming of for months. I lay upon his chest, threading my fingers through his hair and feeling his cock prodding my pussy. He was still safely encased in his boxers, but not for long. I nuzzled his face, enjoying the beginnings of a beard.

"Oh, God..." I kissed him, tasting the saltiness of his skin. His scalp felt hot to the touch, his hair silky soft. I nibbled on his ear, prodding the indentation with my tongue. My robe was tangled around me, and I sat up to remove it, exposing myself. "See something you want?"

"You crazy bitch."

"If you're so upset, why don't you scream? Margaret could call the police. They'd rescue you. They could save you from me; because if they don't, you will be mine." I wondered at the husky tone in my voice. Where had this sex goddess come from? I rubbed myself against him, my pussy enjoying the feel of his cock. "How awful it must be to actually have contact with your plaything." I tried to kiss him, but he turned away. I nibbled on his throat instead, sucking and producing an instant hickie. "I have to ask you something. How many times have you jacked off to those videos? Once a day? Twice a day? Three times?" I was making his boxers wet with the creamy residue of my arousal.

"Untie me, Gretchen."

"I love the way my name sounds on your lips. Say it again."

"Go to hell," he growled.

I approached his mouth, but he jerked away to avoid me. "You have to want me, James. I know you do. How long were you going to deny yourself? Forever? Was that the plan?" I kissed his throat and trailed a path of dampness to his chest, where my tongue circled his tiny nipple. "Hum...you taste so nice." He groaned. "Do you like what I'm doing to you? Are you gonna be able to handle it?"

"I've nothing to say to you."

"Did you not touch your wife either? Is that why she left you?" He froze. Oooh...I'd hit a nerve. "She's married to some Indian businessman. Maybe he can give her what you can't." I brushed his cock, which jerked beneath the silken material of his clothing. I bit a nipple gently and sucked. "Why didn't you ever have kids?"

"Shut up." He sounded hoarse.

I grasped the scissors, holding them in such a way that it looked like I might stab him. "You're going to answer my questions."

His eyes widened in alarm. "It's none of your fucking business. Get those goddamned scissors away from me!"

The cold tip of the metal pressed to the indentation at the base of his throat. "You don't know me, Mr. Gordon. You took a chance in hiring me. I might never have been arrested or anything...but that doesn't mean I'm not capable of all sorts of things." I felt a moment of triumph at the flash of doubt in his eye. "How do you know I don't pick up men and turn the tables on them? Maybe I've done it before with other wealthy men? Maybe I've humiliated them so much they won't even go to the police? Did you ever think of that?"

"You're a pyscho-bitch!"

"Or maybe I just want you so badly. Maybe I'm risking everything to be close to you. It's all your fault really. You pushed me to this." I ran the scissors down his stomach. "Johnny wants to come out and play." I snipped the fabric on his silk boxers. "I don't care if you think I'm crazy. I don't care if I go to prison or whatever. I've been dreaming about this cock for so long. You're going to fuck me, Mr. Gordon." I tugged the shreds of the material away, exposing his jutting organ. "Oh, you're more than ready." I threw the scissors on the floor and straddled him, knowing I was so wet that he would slide inside of me without a problem. I felt him at my entrance. "Omigod," I groaned. I gazed at him, transfixed by the hostile need in his eyes.

"Don't do it."

"It's too late now." I lowered on his magnificent tool, letting it slide into my womanhood. "Oh, God...yes..." I dug my fingers into his stomach, kneading the firm flesh. "Oh, fuck me. Fuck me." I drove my hips low and sharp, rubbing against him, my clit brushing his pelvis. Just knowing that the object of my obsession was now inside of me could have triggered an instant orgasm. I brushed aside the tingling, forcing the feeling to recede. I wouldn't be able to hold it off forever, because this joining was just too good. "Oh...send me to prison. I so don't care." He'd closed his eyes. I dropped to his chest, covering his mouth with my lips. "Kiss me, James. Kiss me." He hadn't turned his face away, and I used the opportunity to invade his mouth, savoring the taste of him. My hips continued to thrust, over and over, while the kiss deepened. To my sheer delight, he began to respond. "Oh-my-God-James!"

The orgasm that I had tried to hold off ripped through my system as our tongues battled. I knew he could feel me trembling, the muscles in my pussy contracting around him. I fucked him harder, hoping that he would join me, but he remained lodged deeply, his cock pulsing. Would he deny me the satisfaction of his orgasm? I rode him for quite some time, his stifled groans reaching my ears, but he would not spend himself. An idea formed in the sordid caverns of my mind.

"You're playing hard to get, aren't you?" He opened his eyes to glare at me. "I'm going to make you cum, you dirty boy. You're really the pervert here. You like to have control over your little playthings, don't you? You like to call the shots. Did you have an overbearing mother? Did she hover and smother? Is that why you have to dominate women?"

"Go to hell." There was a slight tick in his cheek.

"I'm right, aren't I?" I got off the bed and dug around in the duffle bag, retrieving lubrication. "That's okay. I'm going to thoroughly skin your cat, buddy, and there won't be a damn thing you can do about it." He eyed me warily, noting the tube of lubrication. "What will I do with this?" I leaned over him, staring into his eyes, enjoying his discomfort. His cock was as hard as a steel pole, and leaking profusely. I unscrewed the top and squirted out a liberal amount of gel. I made quick work, rubbing the salve over my anus. "Oh, yeah. That's where you're going. This baby's about to pop."

He swallowed visibly. "You've dug your grave pretty deep."

"Oh, dear. Are you suing my dead mother also? Do you have ties to the mob? Are they gonna bust my kneecaps? Pull out my fingernails? Hum?" I grasped his cock, positioning it beneath me. "If this doesn't work, I'll suck you till I'm blue in the face." I felt him breach the tight bands of my hole, stretching me to impossible breadths. This position allowed me to slowly ease down on him, taking a tiny portion at a time. Whatever discomfort I felt was quickly forgotten, as he stroked me deeply, his cock lodged in my anal cavity. I held nothing back, fucking him senseless, driving low and deep. A look of pain etched across his features. He was fighting his orgasm. He refused to give in, and I refused to let up, working him like the possessed woman I was. "Oh, God," I breathed. "Do it! I know you want to. Cum in me!"

"Fuck you!"

"Fine," I laughed. "I can do this all night." My breasts bounced and jiggled with the motion of my hips. The friction of our bodies had created a layer of perspiration between us. I rode him like a bull at the rodeo, digging my fingertips into his belly and bouncing over him, driving that shaft in even deeper. "Oh, God, James. It's so good." The pressure was immense. My sensitive clit was so swollen it brushed against his pelvis, igniting a distracting tingling. A second orgasm was a distinct possibility.

"No!" His handsome facial features were pinched in agony.

"Oh, yes." Triumph soared through me; the thrill of victory was at hand. He wouldn't be able to hold it off much longer. I tweaked his nipples, pulling on them and twisting them with little remorse.

He fought against his restraints, rattling the chains. "You fucking bitch!" He threw his head back and groaned. His hips bucked up to try to dislodge me, but I squeezed him between my thighs, holding him in place.

"James!" I was breathless from working him, my bottom smarting with the effects of his cock. Reaching behind me, I grasped his balls, pulling the soft sacs away from his body. "Oh, fuck me, James. Ooohhh..." I shuddered with pleasure, the orgasm forcing my head back.

"Goddammit!" He thrust upwards, stiffening. He jetted his seed into my anal cavity, flooding me with heat.

"I got you now, Mr. Gordon." A wicked smile lit my eyes. I lay on his chest, exhausted, yet happy beyond measure. I listened to his heart beating, relishing the contact. I kissed his neck, tasting the saltiness of his perspiration. This might be the last time I was ever this close to him. His diminishing cock slid out of my ass. I moved hair away from his forehead. "Are you really mad?"

"Untie me."

"Kiss me."

"No."

"It might be asking a lot, considering everything that's happened, but can we date?" He snorted in reply. "I'd like to be with you...get to know you."

"You're outta your goddamned mind."

I threaded my fingers through his hair, feeling perspiration. "Why not?"

"I'm going to ruin you, remember?"

"As far as I can tell you're not dating anyone."

"Untie me."

I stared at him for a long moment, knowing this was the end. There was nothing else I could do or say that would make any difference now. I had expected his rejection, but to actually hear it was disheartening. I slid from the bed, snatching the robe off the carpet. Tears threatened, and I didn't want to embarrass myself anymore than I had already. I disappeared into the bathroom, washing up and dressing quickly. I had realized my obsession tonight, but now I felt nothing but grief and depression. Some warped part of my mind thought that once we had made love he would profess his desire to be with me. I'm a damn fool. I braced myself before leaving the room.

He stared at me as I approached the bed. "Get these fucking things off." He pulled on the binds.

"Goodbye, Mr. Gordon." I stepped from the room feeling horrible. I had gotten what I wanted tonight. I had conquered the beast and won, but why did it feel like I had just lost? I brushed past Cale and his co-worker. "You can untie him now."

"Yes, ma'am."

I expected the police at my door that evening. When they didn't come, I thought they would arrive in the morning. That didn't happen either. I anticipated them at the clinic the next day. There was no sign of them. As the days wore on and I remained a free woman, I wondered about the ruin that Mr. Gordon had threatened. My funds continued to flow, the accounts were all open, the patients streamed in, and life went on, as if nothing extraordinary had happened. I spent my evenings with the remote in one hand, potato chips in another, and tears in my eyes. I thought assuaging my obsession and feeding it everything it wanted would make it go away, but the opposite had occurred. I found myself craving that man, even more now than ever.

Why hasn't he arrested me yet?

What the hell is going on?

Chapter Nine

I was late meeting my sister at a bar on North Michigan Avenue. I had not received the confirmation call regarding the bi-weekly meeting with Mr. Gordon, and I wasn't surprised. I guess that's over. Never being able to see him again would be punishment enough, I supposed. I glanced out the window of the cab, not really seeing the cars or the people. They were an amalgamation of colorful smears, blurring before my eyes. Life had continued on around me...but I was stuck.

You're gonna need a shrink, Gretchen. You've dug yourself in good.

Shut up.

Emily was flying back to Honduras tomorrow, and this would be our last night together. I struggled to put on a game-face, hiding the depression behind a happy-looking veneer. After paying the cabby, I stepped into the street, the smell of coffee with a hint of sewer assailing me. The establishment I entered was decorated with darkly paneled walls and draped in velvety purple curtains. It was packed with locals and tourists. My eyes focused on the bar, finding the woman I was looking for, sipping a drink. I waded through the noisy throng to reach her.

Her eyes lit up. "Hey, you!" She slid from the stool and hugged me.

"Hi, Em."

"Took you long enough."

"Sorry." She was two years younger and far more attractive than me, or at least I thought so. She'd poured her lithe frame into a slinky dress that ended above the knees. "What are you having?"

"Apple martini."

The bartender came over. "What can I get you?"

"A mimosa." He nodded and reached for a champagne bottle. I eyed my sister. "So, you ready to go back?"

"Yep."

"Not tired of the jungle?"

"Nope."

"You're nuts."

"We're both nuts. But you knew that."

The bartender handed me the drink. "Thanks." I had a sip, enjoying the fruity carbonation.

"So what's going on? Something's been bugging you."

I sighed. "Guy problems."

"You gonna spill the beans, or am I gonna have to get out my crystal ball?"

I stared at the liquor bottles against the wall. "I'm such a fuck up. I can't do anything right."

"What are you talking about? You made the clinic in Santa Rita happen. You opened one downtown and another's on the way. What the hell? How does that make you a fuck up?"

"My life's in the shithole."

"Well, so's mine. It's all work and no play. The right guy will come along. You hang in there."

"I found him."

"Yeah?" A shapely brow lifted.

"He hates me. He's...weird." My shoulders slumped, and the happy veneer faltered. "I'm always attracted to the weirdos."

"What happened?"

"He's...er...kinky."

"Oh, Jesus, now what? Is he like that guy who lived with his sister in the basement?"

I nearly choked on my drink. "No! Oh, God. I'd totally forgotten about that creep." I hit her shoulder lightly. "Ugh. Did you have to bring him up?"

"That was a real winner," she laughed. Several interested male gazes turned to observe Emily.

"No. He's just eccentric. I screwed it up...well, I never really had a chance."

"What's he look like?"

"He's so...intense. Charismatic." I shrugged. "He's just awesome, but I don't really know him."

"Tall, dark hair, mid-thirties?"

"Yeah. How'd you guess?"

"That guy over there's staring at you." She pointed behind my head.

I glanced over my shoulder, recognizing the man standing by the doorway. "Oh, shit!"

"Is that him?"

"Yeah."

"Looks like he's found you."

"Oh, my God." Would I be arrested now? I didn't see the police. It looked like he was alone. "I don't know what he's doing here. Must be coincidence." Or the beginning of a nightmare.

"Um-hum." Emily sipped her cocktail.

"He's coming over!" My first instinct was to hide behind the bar, but it was too late.

"The Fox sisters," he said evenly. "It's good to meet you, Emily." He held out his hand. Here was the man who would not shake my hand when we first met. I'm sorry. I don't shake hands...

"I've heard about you. You provide our funding. Thank you so much. Your generosity is greatly appreciated."

His attention was on me. "I need to speak with Gretchen, if you don't mind. My car's waiting."

Emily winked. "Looks like you'll be going then." I stared at him dumbfounded while my sister hugged me. "Call me tomorrow before my flight. He's gorgeous," she whispered.

"He'll probably take me to the police station." He had overheard every word I said.

"No he won't, silly," Emily laughed. "Always such a ham." She gave me a look.

I grabbed my purse. "Time to face the firing squad."

"Have fun."

Oh, yeah, loads.

A sleek black car was waiting for us, and the chauffer held open the door. "Thanks." I got in and slid to the end of the seat. Mr. Gordon joined me, his expression void, yet interested. "Okay, what do you want? I thought you were going to ruin me? I've been waiting for you to make a move."

"I am making a move."

"How so?"

"I'm here with you now."

"Where are we going?"

"To my apartment."

That was a shock. My mouth hung open, my brain having frozen. He stared at me for a long time, so long, in fact, that I began to tingle everywhere. Whether he felt the buzz of recognition or not, I didn't know, but I felt it. It pinged between us like a sensual static charge, making me almost dizzy with longing. When I was on the edge of not being able to take it another moment, I saw him inch towards me. I slid down the seat, and we collided, our mouths fusing, my arms snaking around his neck. The kiss was hungry and unapologetic, our tongues meeting, deepening the connection. I was utterly lost in him, my body pressed to the steely length of his chest. His hands were on my back, pulling me further into him, while the sweetness of his breath filled my lungs.

It was a while before I realized the car had stopped. We were in the confines of a parking garage. I was still kissing him, as the driver opened the door. We managed to extricate ourselves from the vehicle, hurrying for the elevator. Once inside, he grasped my upper arms, drawing me to him, covering my mouth with his soft lips. The door slid open, but we were on the wrong floor.

"Shit!" He pressed the button again impatiently.

If he was distracted, I was more so, sucking on his lip, trying to eat him alive. I drove my fingers through his hair, altering his perfect locks. He looked marvelously bedraggled by the time I was through with him. When we emerged from the elevator, he led me to the door of his apartment, inserting a key. I hardly had a moment to take it all in, because of the speed at which he escorted me down the hall to his bedroom. The modernly appointed space was decorated sparingly, the bed being the largest piece of furniture in the room. We fell onto it, an excited heap of flesh and bones, encased in far too many pieces of clothing. His tie came undone, along with his shirt. I flung my top to the floor and discarded my pants. Our naked bodies pressed together, hands sliding over skin, fingers seeking, exploring, while our tongues fought a never-ending battle. I hardly had a moment to gather myself before his cock prodded me, wetting itself in my juices. The state of my arousal was something I would blame him for. He was why I was such an emotional and physical mess, and only his touch could cure me.

"Is this happening?" I sounded breathy.

"Apparently."

I giggled, "What is this?"

"The hell if I know."

His cock drove deep, filling me completely. "Oh, God, James. Just fuck me." His plundering hardness left me trembling, my body begging for more. I threw my legs around his hips, gripping him tightly.

"You crazy bitch."

"You sadistic bastard."

"That makes us even."

He kissed me, while stroking intimately; his movements were matched, thrust for thrust by the tilt of my pelvis. We strove to reach oblivion together, the pressure building, threatening to blow the lid off the pot. I gripped his ass, my fingers digging into his muscles. He groaned in my ear, his hot breath ragged and gasping.

"Oh...God...James..."

Our bodies were slick with perspiration; the energy we exerted to climb to the pinnacle of abandon had taken its toll. I would be chafed and swollen tomorrow, my lips gratefully suffering the ardent abuse of his mouth. I was nearing the end of what I could withstand, because just being this close to him was enough to fling me over the edge.

"James!" He rose over me, his face unguarded. His need was etched clearly in that expression, and it shocked me. The gentleness of his lovemaking gave way to passion, his cock driving deep with each thrust. I could barely breathe; the pace was so intense. I shuddered, flinging my head against the pillow, as the orgasm hit. "Ooohh...God...fuck me, James. Fuck me!"

"Aw...Jesus..." he groaned, stiffening, his release pouring out in a torrent. He mumbled something incoherent, collapsing on top of me. The sheets were damp beneath us. We remained together for long minutes, until our breathing had returned to normal. Then he fell to his side, drawing me to him.

"Is this your idea of ruining me?"

"I guess."

"I'm fine with it."

He chuckled, his chest rumbling. "So it seems."

I raised myself on an elbow to look at him. I could just see him in the dim lighting. "You aren't mad at me?"

"No."

"Why not?"

He moved a strand of hair out of my eyes. "I want you."

My tummy burst open with tingles. "Really?"

"It goes against my better judgment, but yeah."

"Why would it go against your better judgment? Am I that horrible?"

"No, you're amazing. I'm lousy at relationships."

"You were married for ten years."

"That doesn't make me a success. She put up with a lot."

"Because you like to hire people for sex?"

"No. I didn't do that in my marriage."

"But you hired me. You hired all those people who...fucked me."

He sighed. "I was bored."

"How many times did you look at those videos?"

He smiled slightly. "A lot."

"You're a pervert."

"Maybe. Maybe I'm just kinky."

"Will you let me get to know you?"

"The secret is that I'm really not that interesting, Gretchen. I find you infinitely more fascinating."

"I doubt that."

"You've no idea how beautiful you are. How vulnerable. Watching you has been wonderful. Your transformation was...stimulating. You were so scared at first, so shy. I hated you for turning the tables on me, because I knew you'd come into your own. I realized we'd have to start over as equals." His hand was on my back, gently rubbing.

"Is that bad?"

"No."

"Are we dating now?"

"If you want."

"What do you want?"

"Just you."

"That sounds like a plan." My head rested on his chest. A happy memory flitted through my mind. "Do you know what my favorite encounter was?"

"What?"

"The midgets." He laughed at that. "I've never had my toes sucked before. I kinda liked it."

"It was one of my better ideas."

"I really liked Elizabeth too."

"I could tell."

"I did things I never thought I'd do."

"Yes."

"She should join us some time. I think...it would be fun."

He raised an eyebrow. "Is that so?"

I traced a muscle on his stomach. "Yep."

"It has possibilities."

"I'm still waiting for my arrest, Mr. Gordon. I was looking forward to some sexy guys in police uniforms. Handcuffs are a turn on."

"You're giving me a lot of ideas, Ms. Fox."

"I am?"

He shifted on the bed, pushing his erection into my tummy. "Yes, you are."

I wrapped my hand around his cock. "We could role-play now, if you want."

"And how would that work?"

"You could be the cop, and I'll be the...shoplifter. You should interrogate me."

"That I think I can do."

I giggled, as he kissed me. His cock twitched in my hands, eager and more than ready to make good on any threat.

The End

