Prologue

She wasn't aware of the salty tears streaming down her face as she listened to the soft beeping beside her. Kristin watched the monitor carefully, her eyes never leaving the jumping line that coincided with each beep, willing the line to jump. Praying with all of her heart that the line would jump.

"You need to sleep," the nurse said gently as she walked quietly into Kristen's hospital room. "You're body needs to recover."

Kristen knew that the nurse was right. She even nodded and closed her eyes for a moment, wanting to follow the nurse's advice, willing her body to relax. But as soon as she heard the door swoosh shut indicating that the nurse had left the room, her eyes popped open and she continued to watch, both her hands gently covering her stomach as if to keep the tiny human fighting for life under her fingers warm and safe.

"Please don't give up on me little one," she said to the empty room, although she was talking to the tiny girl in her womb, the tenacious heartbeat that was fighting for her life at the moment. "I promise I'll do better if you'll just hang on."

The antiseptic smells almost comforted her and the muffled murmurs of the medical personnel outside the room told her that help would be close if she needed it. Unfortunately it was all up to the little girl, barely sixteen weeks along in this life, who would have to decide if she wanted to stick around and meet her momma, or if she was too tired and frail from all the stress of the past few weeks to keep up her effort to survive.

The doctors and nurses had done all they could at this point. It was now up to God and this child's will to live.

At some point during the night she must have fallen asleep because she woke to a darkened room but knew that Mikhail was there. She couldn't see him, but there had always been something about him that had stirred her senses. From the first moment she'd met him it had been that way and even the terror of losing her baby couldn't diminish the impact he had on her senses.

"You're awake," she heard his deep, sexy voice say from somewhere at the end of her bed.

She considered ignoring him, but knew from experience that one simply didn't ignore Mikhail. "What are you doing here?"

His sigh indicated his frustration, but he had better control of his emotions than she did. He always had more control she thought, and the tears started once again because he hadn't been there to help her when she'd needed some of that strength and control. "You didn't tell me you were pregnant," he replied.

His words, spoken so calmly, as if this were simply a meeting that she hadn't included him in, broke through her control, releasing the stream of tears that had stopped while she slept. "You don't have to worry about the baby any longer," she said, knowing that he wouldn't anyway. He was too busy setting up his next business deal, buying up whatever company he considered would be a profitable investment or a strategic move for a future business tactic. The man was a genius at making money and was worth more than one human being could spend in several lifetimes, but it was never enough for him.

In truth, Mikhail didn't care as much about the money as he did about the challenge of beating the competition. He was brilliant at strategy and moved through the business world as if he owned it all. In fact, he owned such a large portion of the world it was ridiculous, but that didn't help her right now and she wanted to hurt him as much as she'd been hurting for the past twelve hours as she watched her unborn child fight for life inside her body.

"Just leave me alone, Mikhail."

Mikhail Benovich stared at the defeated woman lying on the hospital bed, her slender form taking up only a fraction of the space, and for the first time since becoming an adult, he didn't know what to do. As he looked at her long, brown hair curling against the clinical white sheets, there was a sharp, stabbing pain emanating from the general area of his chest but he wasn't sure if the cramping in his stomach was worse.

As a man used to being in complete control, of knowing exactly what to do to win, usually several steps ahead of any competition he might run into, watching his wife of only six months cry silently in front of him made him ache in areas of his body that he didn't recognize or know how to deal with and he hated the feeling.

He wanted to fix this, but he didn't know how. He wanted to pull her into his arms and tell her that the loss of their baby was okay, but even thinking the thought in his mind made him hurt even more. He had to be strong though. She needed him now even if she didn't know it and wouldn't admit to wanting his strength.

He sighed and thought about all the moments in the past two months that she'd been trying to tell him something and now he knew what that message was. He hadn't listened though. He worked at least twelve hours a day and when he wasn't working, he was socializing in ways that would gain him knowledge or valuable connections for a future acquisition.

Kristen was the only person in his life that hadn't wanted anything from him but his time. Sadly, time was something he had given her very little of since their honeymoon and even that had been cut short because he'd needed to get back to his business interests. He couldn't even remember what crisis had occurred that pulled him away from that week.

Over the past two months, he'd noticed that she'd tried to talk to him, but he'd been so busy with this latest acquisition and the debacles of inefficiency he'd run into, that he'd either been coming or going from a meeting, or on a conference call with someone trying to work out the crisis du jour. He'd brushed her off so many times and, looking at her now, lying in the bed, defeated and more sad than he'd ever seen anyone in his life, he wished to have those moments back, to hold her in his arms and feel her softness, her sweet breath against his neck. She'd been trying to tell him that she was pregnant, that they'd created a life together and he'd pushed her away.

Now it was too late. He understood from her response and the constant tears, the dark circles under her eyes and the way her hands were covering her stomach, that she'd lost the baby.

How does one comfort when he was still reeling from the fact that he'd just lost his own child? It didn't matter that he hadn't know the child existed until a few hours ago, he still was furious with the God that had done this to him. He didn't want comfort from anyone at the moment, much less a cruel deity that would cause such unbearable pain. He wanted to smash something. He wanted to grab one of the doctors outside this horrific room and demand that they fix this and make her whole again, to give him his child back.

As his hands clenched the bars of the hospital bed, he wanted to fold Kristen into his arms and hold her gently, to feel her soft arms wrap around him like they had each time he'd pulled her to him at night when he'd finally joined her in bed. And she'd always turned to him no matter what time it was, her giving was unending.

But instead of holding her, he watched helplessly as she cried herself to sleep, the damned beeping noise from the machines beside her driving him insane as it matched the rapid beating of his heart as he ruthlessly berated himself for not being there to protect his family, or even his wife.

Sitting down in the plastic covered seat, he covered her hands on her stomach, praying to a God that he'd dismissed angrily as a child, asking for help and forgiveness, since he didn't know where else to go. Throughout the whole night he prayed, yelling at God in his mind, and then transitioning into begging him to save this woman who was such an essential part of his life. He didn't love her, he told God. He didn't love anyone. That emotion had been destroyed when his own mother had died in the shack they'd called a home and he'd been left an orphan on the vicious, heartless streets of St. Petersburg, fighting for food from other homeless kids, finding shelter from the brutal winters in basements of abandoned buildings or warehouses. The warehouses had been worse because there was no protection from the cold but if that was all there was, he'd hidden out, hiding from the authorities in order to survive away from their cruel "protection".

Mikhail thought like that now. There was no defense from the pain shooting through him as he railed against an unjust and unloving God who would do this to his wife who had never hurt anyone in her life. The pain was unstoppable and he didn't understand how to push it away. He wanted to help Kristen, but didn't think she would allow his touch at this point.

He took her hand anyway, stroking her cold fingers with one hand and covering her other hand, the one over her stomach, with his other. He knew it wouldn't help but it made him feel better to be touching her, to be warming her if only through her fingers.

He watched her as he prayed, noting the dark circles under her eyes and the cheekbones that were too prominent. She hadn't been eating or sleeping well he realized and yelled at God for not taking better care of one of his own. And then he became angry with himself because, of all the things he had learned in life, it was that he took care of his own. And he hadn't done that with Kristen.

Sighing, he closed his eyes and rested his head against the high back of the nightmarish chair. He would rest for just a moment, he told himself, just a quick rest before he would wake and keep his vigil beside her.

Chapter 1

Missy rolled her eyes when she spotted the envelope as Kristen slid the pictures in. "I can't believe you're still sending him updates, even after all this time."

Kristen forced her facial features to not tighten as she sealed the envelope. "It's his daughter too."

"But has he ever acknowledged her?"

Kristen didn't answer since they both knew the answer. "He's a very busy man. And whether he acknowledges Victoria or not, he still has a right to know what's happening in her life."

"I would agree if there was any response at all. Even acknowledgement that he'd received any of the letters but you have sent them every month, religiously on the last day of the month for two years. There hasn't been any response, Kristen. It's time you gave up and moved on with your life."

Kristen turned away, looking at Victoria and her heart swelled with pride and love. "Would you ever give up on Tony?" she asked.

Missy snorted. "As if that man would let me. But we're talking about two different creatures here," she said, glancing at her own three kids as well, two of them racing around the playground playing 'tag' and the youngest right behind Victoria on the toddler slide waiting his turn, although not very patiently she recognized. "Tony whooped and hollered the day I told him I was pregnant with Ethan," she recalled, thinking of her oldest. "Whereas Mikhail had to wait until his business dinner was over before meeting you in the hospital the night you almost lost Victoria."

Kristen knew that there was a significant difference, and she'd give anything to have Mikhail home with them like Tony was every night, storming into their kitchen as Missy cooked and getting their three kids all riled up after Missy had finally settled them down to do their homework or playing quietly while she finished getting dinner ready. Missy pretended to be annoyed, but Kristen knew better. Missy wouldn't trade Tony's craziness for the world. She had a perfect family, even though it might be a bit more rambunctious and not as tidy as she'd like.

"I know. You're lucky, Missy," she said softly, then shook herself out of the beginnings of melancholy. "But who knows, maybe I'll say something in one of these letters that will get through to him and he'll realize that he has a little girl who would love to meet him one day. They'll meet, he'll fall in love and our world will be as perfectly chaotic as yours."

Missy rolled her eyes once again. "You're dreaming. Mikhail will never leave his billion dollar empire and you know it." She paused for a pregnant moment and then ventured into the topic she'd been trying to open up for a while. "Kristen, I think it's time for you to consider a divorce," she said, holding her breath as she waited for Kristen's reaction. "We've all discussed it and we all agree," she said, implying that her other sister, Debbie, and two brothers, Harmon and Greg, agreed with Missy's comment.

It wasn't long in coming. Kristen heard the words and stilled, not a muscle moving in her body as she absorbed the implications of what her sister had said. Her lips wouldn't move, couldn't form the words as her heart ached at the idea of severing ties with Mikhail.

"I'm not ready for that yet," she finally was able to say, although her lips were numb and her stomach clenched painfully.

Missy watched her younger sister carefully. "Well, at least that wasn't an absolute 'no' so I think you're making progress. But I'd like you to think about it. I know you still think about him a lot," she said and put her hand on Kristen's as her baby sister looked back, blinking the tears away, "but there are other men out there, men who could be a real father to Victoria and a husband to you."

"Victoria has a father."

"No, she doesn't, Kristen. She has a distant male persona who she knows only through stories you tell her and news articles you cut out for her about his business interests. A real father is someone who is there for her when she falls off her bike, who will dry her eyes when she comes home after her first bad date, and who will be cheering for her in the audience when she's up on a stage performing for the first time. Right now, Mikhail doesn't appear to want any of that. Meanwhile, you're here and the men around you are panting after you, waiting for any small sign of encouragement before they might dredge up a bit of courage to ask you out."

Kristen's eyes snapped over to her sister's. "What men?"

Missy laughed. "Are you kidding? Tom over at the hardware store has been lusting after you for the past year. George from the grocery store purposely stocks the produce aisle at the same time you shop each week just so he can say hello and there are at least five other guys who have joined the church so they can see you on Sundays. Are you blind?"

Kristen looked away and shrugged. "I'm not ready to date yet."

"I can see that. But you're going to be some day. And that day is going to come when you realize that Mikhail has cut you out of his life. If he'd wanted any kind of relationship, even a long distance one with his daughter, he would have shown it now after three years. Her third birthday is next week. Do you really think he's going to show up?"

"Of course not. He's got that big thing in Tokyo next week."

"I bet you sent him an invitation anyway, didn't you?"

Kristen sighed. "Yes. Okay, you've made your point." She was quiet for a long moment "I'll think about it. Okay?"

Missy put her arm around Kristen and gave her a quick hug. "I'm not trying to be the mean one here. I'm just the messenger." She paused for a long moment before saying, "We all think you should move on."

She thought about that and her hurt eyes looked back at her friend and sister. "Then you've all been talking about me?"

Missy nodded. "Of course we have. That's what families do. We talk and harp and horrify until we get our way, then we admonish you for following our advice and messing up your life by not following your own instincts. We're good at that," she said and grinned, unashamed.

Kristen burst out laughing and shook her head. "You're incorrigible. "

"You betcha!" she said and put her arm around sister's shoulders, hugging her gently. "So how about if we get this brood back to the house for lunch before they start to lose their minds from too much fresh air?"

Kristen sighed and stood up. "I'm with you. Just let me run this over to the mail box. Can you watch Tory for just a moment?"

Missy rolled her eyes, but walked over to the slide where Victoria had just slid down, landing on the soft mulch and rolling onto her tummy so she could race back around for another trip down the slide. Missy almost caught her niece but the little girl was much too fast and didn't want to waste time brushing off the mulch that now coated her tummy, afraid she wouldn't have another turn at the slide.

Thirty minutes later, seven kids were settled around Missy's kitchen table. Her three were leading the way while their older brother's two were settling the younger ones into their chairs and their sister's only child to date was sitting in a high chair next to Victoria. Victoria watched with a giggle as they all dug into the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches Missy placed in front of them.

The other adults were off grocery shopping or doing errands while Missy and Kristen took care of the kids. They rotated each week having a Saturday morning off unless there were sports activities and even then, most of the clan showed up for those to cheer on their cousin, nieces or nephews.

As Kristen poured milk for all seven kids, she grabbed a peanut butter and jelly triangle herself, hungry after having skipped breakfast this morning in order to get all the invitations finalized for Victoria's birthday party. It was tough work being a single mom but she wouldn't trade a single moment with Victoria, loving her daughter so much it almost hurt at times. And if the nights were cold and lonely, she just threw on another blanket and grabbed the extra pillow from the opposite side of the bed to snuggle up to at night.

She laughed as Missy placed a tray of sliced apples on the table and the older kids begged for potato chips instead, saying they were too old to be eating baby food like apples. Missy shrugged her shoulders at that argument and simply put extra apples on Ethan's plate, her oldest that was turning ten this winter. Ethan didn't blink an eye at the extra fruit but when Jennifer, his younger sister by three years turned to whisper in her cousin's ear, Ethan slyly placed the fruit on her plate. When Jennifer turned back, she noticed the fruit and looked confused, but almost immediately knew who the culprit was.

Missy and Kristen watched as the fruit was snuck around to the various plates, all the kids snickering about how slick they were to get rid of it. Meanwhile, Victoria happily ate her own apple chunks that had been cut up so she wouldn't choke on them, oblivious to the older kids' machinations.

All seven kids were settled into Missy's play room a few hours later when Harmon and Laura showed up. There was a great deal of chaos as they rounded up their kids, plans were made for a pizza get together for the following night and then they were off. It was easier for Kristen to round up Victoria since her daughter was more than ready for her afternoon nap, happily clinging to her mother's arms as she snuggled down, already asleep as she was strapped into her car seat.

Kristen didn't pick up the phone that night when it rang, preferring to spend a quiet night reading with Victoria, playing games on the floor and having a tea party with her stuffed animals. But once Victoria was settled in for the night, Kristen pulled her laptop closer and did what she did every night, surfing the internet for anything relating to Mikhail that would give her the smallest connection to the man who had turned her world upside down from the moment she'd met him.

She sighed as she pushed the computer away and turned on the computer, feeling foolish for wanting such a vicarious connection to a man who obviously didn't want anything to do with her or the beautiful daughter they'd created together.

She thought about that first night and wondered, if she knew now what would happen, would she do it all over again?

She smiled into the unseeing television for thinking such a ridiculous thought. Mikhail had seen her across the room at a corporate party and from that moment on, there had been no stopping him.

That night had been magical, she thought.

Four years ago....

Kristen took another glass of champagne and inconspicuously looked at her watch. Ugh! Still at least one more hour before she could leave without being impolite.

Had she really only been here thirty minutes? It felt like three hours!

"Relax," her friend Kim said as she moved in beside Kristen. "If you glance at your watch one more time people are going to think you're impatient to leave."

"Is it that obvious?"

Kim laughed. "If you want to make partner in the next five years, you're going to have lots of these little social events to attend."

"Can't I just be a competent lawyer?"

"You're more than a competent lawyer, Kristen. Now you have to learn the social side." She picked up an appetizer from a passing waiter and ignored the handsome man's interested glance. "And it wouldn't hurt if you cozied up to Jonathan Meyers. He's been glancing your way all evening."

Kristen hid the disgust that welled up inside her. "Jonathan has been asking me out for weeks. I'm running out of excuses and he's becoming a nuisance."

Kim shook her head. "Just sleep with the guy and get it over with. He won't relent until he's slept with all the junior personnel. He considers it a rite of passage in our firm."

Kristen was able to smother the shudder of revulsion, but just barely. "I think I'll stick to winning in court, thank you very much."

Kim shrugged and smiled. "Suit yourself. But don't blame me when I'm senior partner before you," and she sidled away, heading in the direction of Jonathan herself with a welcoming grin on her lovely features. Kristen shook her head, wondering why a smart, intelligent woman would demean herself in that way.

Kristen looked away, irritated because Kim was probably right but that wouldn't be the way she'd make it. She was a good lawyer, if somewhat inexperienced. But the men in the law firm didn't have to sleep their way to the top, so she'd just avoid that trap and keep digging in, getting the work done and doing it better than the others.

Unfortunately, Jonathan didn't agree. As he turned and noticed her, he raised his arm, indicating she should join his group.

Kristen took a deep breath and slowly let it out, then squared her shoulders and moved forward, prepared to do battle if it meant not being sexually harassed in the office.

As she moved, the people in his group shifted slightly and a taller man appeared.

Her foot stumbled slightly as she watched him. He wasn't just tall, he had broad shoulders, salt and pepper hair and black eyes, tanned skin and a look about him that said, "Approach only if you dare". She didn't dare. She wanted to run the other way, to hide somewhere safe. Because this man, with his piercing eyes and an aura that emanated danger signals, not in caution yellow but in flashing, blinding red, was watching her as if she were his next meal and he hadn't eaten in over a week. Damn, that hair should have made him more approachable, but the grey mixed with the black just made him look sexier and much more sophisticated than any other man in the room.

"Kristen, I want to introduce you to Mikhail Benovich. He's our newest client and flew in for a meeting we'll both be attending tomorrow." Turning to the other man, Jonathan explained, "This is Kristen Miller. She's one of our brightest up and coming lawyers and I'm sure she'll be a huge asset to our team."

Kristen extended her hand, praying he wouldn't notice the slight shaking as his warm hand engulfed her smaller one. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Benovich. I look forward to helping however I can."

"I'm sure Jonathan wouldn't have put anyone on the team who wasn't up to the challenge," he said, his piercing blue eyes watching her green ones carefully.

He held onto her hand a few seconds longer than was necessary and Kristen tried to pull away, stunned when he wouldn't release her hand immediately.

The group started discussing weather, sports and other trivial conversation topics, all the while, Kristen tried desperately hard to step away from the group. She didn't like the rapid beating of her heart and took a side step, hoping to put a little space between herself and the tall man who somehow kept moving closer to her although she didn't ever see him moving. It was as if the small group was actually rotating around her somehow, shifting the man and all his danger signals right into her personal space.

"You're out of a drink," Jonathan exclaimed, chuckling at how silly that possibility should be. "I'll get that remedied immediately." Turning to Mikhail he said, "Can you keep her company while I get her a fresh drink? Don't let her get away though. She tends to slip back to her office to work," he laughed as if it were the funniest quip in the world.

As soon as Jonathan stepped away, Kristen felt vulnerable, exposed. She didn't have a glass to hold in front of her so she wasn't sure what to do with her hands.

"You're nervous," the man in front of her said softly, his body turning to block out the rest of the cocktail party. "Why is that?" he asked and leaned slightly forward.

"I'm not nervous," she countered, trying to step back, to look around his broad shoulders and see where Jonathan was with her drink. "I just wanted to make sure my boss knew where I was."

"Your boss has thrown you to the wolves," the man said with his deep voice becoming sexier somehow. She told herself it was his slight Russian accent but there was so much more to it.

Kristen glanced up into his sharp eyes, then quickly away. "I don't know what you mean."

"You're boss is a very perceptive man. He knows that I'm interested in you and absented himself to give us privacy."

That caught her attention and she looked straight at him. As her eyes watched, she became angry. "I see. You're the very important client I'm supposed to entertain for the night."

The man just shrugged as if he wasn't fazed by being offered extra perks. "You're a beautiful woman. Your boss wants you in his bed as well."

Kristen bristled at his outspokenness, his accent becoming malevolent and the eyes that had seemed so piercing and intelligent changed to cold and calculating. "He's not getting me," she said angrily, crossing her arms over her stomach defensively. "He's a pompous jerk who thinks he can intimidate me."

"Do I intimidate you?" the man asked.

Kristen sighed and shook her head. "A few moments ago, yes. I was very intimidated. But now that I know you're just like every other human with testosterone shooting through his blood stream, I can guarantee that I'm not interested in any way." She dropped her hands and extended her hand. "If you'll excuse me, I'm going to head home now."

"Alone?"

She looked directly at him, unflinching from the intensity of his incisive blue eyes. "Absolutely alone. I don't play those games, Mr. Benovich. I'm a very good lawyer and if you need legal advice, which I assume you do since you've contracted with my firm for that purpose, then I am at your service. But I guarantee that only my legal advice is for sale. Everything else is off the table."

With those final words, she stepped around the man and waved casually to her boss, who looked confused for all of a second before he rallied and approached Mikhail, laughing heartily only moments after Kristen pulled her coat around her and stepped out of the restaurant.

She was furious with her boss for putting her into that position and even angrier for herself for being so attracted to the man before she knew that she'd been offered up as the main perk for the night.

The next morning, she was at her desk bright and early, reading through the contracts that had been delivered the prior evening. Apparently Mikhail's corporation was buying up one of the major factories in the Pittsburgh suburbs and there were several legal tangles that his own corporate lawyers wanted to contract out because of environmental issues. Since environmental law was her specialty, Kristen was absorbing as much as she could, determined to be a valuable asset to the team and not just a girly face offered up for incentives.

"You're on for a meeting over at Benov Corporation," Jonathan stuck his head into her office. "You're going with me but I have to step out and file some briefs for Mr. Benovich before the deadline this afternoon."

He was obviously irritated with her for leaving the party so early the previous night but Kristen ignored him. "I'll get the contracts over. I've already highlighted some areas that might be an issue," she explained, piling documents into various piles for his review.

Jonathan came fully into the room. "What's up?" he asked. "I went over those documents last night and didn't find anything wrong."

Kristen pointed out several areas where legislation was coming due on a pending clause that could create havoc with the sale of the factory, adding substantial expense. When she was finished, Jonathan nodded, taking her seriously for the first time. ""You're right. You should get over to Benovich's office to brief their legal team. Ask them if they want to move forward with that potential issue coming due."

Kristen blinked. "You want me to do it? But you're the lead on the team. Don't you want to give your input?"

He shook his head. "You found it and realized what could happen. You deserve to show them what you've got."

Kristen looked at him and realized that this morning had been a turning point. "I'll get right over there," she said and stood up instantly, packing her bag with the relevant documents.

Three hours later, she was feeling much more in control and breezing through the issues, answering all the questions posed to her by the Benov corporate legal team. They were impressed with her knowledge and took her seriously.

It wasn't until an hour later when she was escorted into Mikhail's office that she stared to feel worried once again. It was one thing to stand up to a man after a few drinks. It was quite another to tell him that his multimillion dollar acquisition might be down the tubes because of a rule that may or may not be voted into effect in the next month.

And when he walked into his office and sat down behind his desk, Kristen's whole body quivered with awareness. Not of the impact her discovery could have on the financial future of this company, but because of the man sitting at the massive steel and glass desk in front of her.

"You have some information?" he asked, his blue eyes staring at her with polite curiosity.

"Yes," she started off, then cleared her throat when the word didn't come out as strongly as she'd hoped. "I was reviewing the documents that your team sent over this morning. I found this," she said and stood up, handing him the contract with the highlighted words. She explained the legislation pending and what impact it could have on the outcome of the sale, what he could do to circumvent the issue and other issues that might crop up if he took one path or another regarding the environmental issue.

As he watched her, he pressed a button on his desk. "Louise, order some dinner for tonight. We'll be working late."

Kristen started but didn't say anything. He led her over to a long conference table and for the next four hours, they brainstormed on the various ways to handle the situation. Dinner came and they ate, but Kristen didn't remember anything of it, too fascinated by the way this man's mind worked, the questions he asked were concise and perceptive and his financial knowledge was nothing short of brilliant. She'd been expecting him to try and game the system, to buy his way out of the environmental tangle but instead, he took on the challenge of fixing the issue, going on with the sale but coming up with a financial solution that would eliminate the risk and make the whole deal that much better for everyone, especially the community that lived around the factory.

As they put the finishing touches on the revised contract late that night, she was mentally and physically exhausted, but somehow exhilarated as well.

She was gathering her papers together, her mind whirling in so many directions she wasn't sure where to go first. But he solved that issue for her as well. When she turned around, he was standing behind her and she stopped short, her hands braced behind her as he leaned in.

"You're very beautiful," he said softly, his eyes looking at hear features but not stopping at any one place.

"Thank you," she whispered, her body already on fire for him. Not because she was on offer this time. But because he was looking at her with respect and desire, not ownership.

"I want to make love to you," he said bluntly.

She blinked and looked up at him, smiling broadly. "You don't need to hide your intentions, Mikhail. Just speak your mind."

He smiled a bit at her joke but shook his head. "I want you, Kristen. Come back to my place."

"Tonight?'

"Yes. Right now."

She couldn't believe she was actually considering it. But she shook her head after a delicious moment and took a deep, shuddering breath. "I can't."

"Can't? Or won't?"

"It's the same thing."

"Not at all. Can't implies there is someone else that would object to you being with me. Won't means that you're digging your heels in for some silly stubborn purpose."

"Silly doesn't really apply here since I don't even know you."

"We've spent the whole afternoon and evening together. What more do you need?"

She actually laughed at that. "Do you always jump into bed with women you barely know?"

"Only if I'm attracted to her."

She stepped around him, relieved when he let her. "I'm afraid I'm a bit more old fashioned than that."

"How many times?" he demanded when she turned to pick up her briefcase now filled with notes and revised contract documents.

"How many times what?"

"How many times must we meet before you will allow me to make love to you?"

His directness flustered her and she shook her head. "I can't put an exact number on it. I don't really know. I have to feel comfortable with you."

"I don't want you to feel comfortable. I like the way you are around me."

She glanced down and shook her head. "I don't know what you mean."

"I like how you're embarrassed that you're so attracted to me. I like that you're trying to hide it. And I like that you're smart and beautiful and that you're wearing a black, lace bra underneath that boring suit." He leaned in closer. "Do you match your underwear?"

She leaned back and shook her head. "That's none of your business," she said, but she laughed at his slight grin and mischievous eyes. "Are you always this forward?"

"When I want something, yes."

"And if you don't get me?"

"It's not a question of if, just when."

She looked up at him, assessing his words. "How did you get to be so confident?"

"I had a hard childhood," he said but the look in his eyes told her he was lying.

"You were one of those spoiled, rich kids, weren't you? The ones that partied all night and paid someone in the morning to write your essays for school?"

He took her leather briefcase out of her fingers and placed it on the table behind her. "I'm going to kiss you now," he said instead of answering her.

"I'd rather you didn't," she said, inhaling sharply but unable to step out of his way to avoid it.

"You're lying to both of us. You've been wondering what it would be like to be kissed by me since we met last night."

"No..." she started to say, but he cut her off by placing his lips over hers. Gently at first, testing the feel of her lips, of her skin and reaction. But as he tested, he tasted and caressed. When she didn't kiss him back, he nipped her lower lip. Not hard enough to hurt, but enough to surprise her. Enough to make her gasp in shock. And he took full advantage of her surprise, pulling her closer, his mouth covering hers more fully, his tongue invading, tasting more thoroughly and demanding that she respond.

Kristen had no choice. At his first touch, the world faded away and this man, his taste, his scent filled her mind and overwhelmed her senses. She couldn't have pulled away any more than she could have robbed a bank at that moment. Her arms crept up around his shoulders, her fingers feeling the raw muscles underneath the deceptively tame tailored shirt he wore. This man with his blue, compelling eyes and brilliant mind was a facade, she thought as he deepened the kiss and pulled her against him. As her body pressed against his, she compared him to a wolf, a hungry, invading wolf that would devour her if she wasn't careful.

"Come home with me," he said into her mouth.

"I can't," she replied, then gasped when he pulled her hips roughly against his.

"You can."

"I have to go," she said and somehow found the will to pull away.

She wasn't sure if she was relieved when he released her but she stepped back and picked up her briefcase. She was immensely proud of herself for making it to his office door without falling on her face, with her shaking knees and whirling mind that was a great accomplishment.

"Thank you for dinner," she said, turning and glancing back at him for a moment.

"Next time, Kristen," he said, both a promise and ominous threat to his tone.

He held her gaze for a long moment before she was finally able to wrench her eyes away. She pulled the door open and rushed through the deserted executive hallways.

In the lobby, she was met by a security guard who stepped out of the security area as she stepped off the elevators. "Ms. Miller?" at her nod, he continued. "Mr. Benovich asked me to escort you to your car because of the late hour."

Kristen glanced down at her watch, stunned that it was after midnight. "Thank you," she said as if coming from far away.

The next week was a haze of work and desire, overlaid by exhaustion. She worked with the legal team for Benov Corporation every day, finalizing the contract and negotiating with the factory owners to get through all the issues. At night, for one reason or another, she found herself in Mikhail's office discussing their progress, debating politics or just discussing art, cooking or hobbies. Mikhail didn't actually have any hobbies, nor did he cook. He collected art simply for the financial aspect but could appreciate the effort an artist put into his or her work if not the aesthetic value of the piece. More often, she answered his questions about her past, her education, her job and her family.

And inevitably, she would find herself in his arms just as she was trying to leave for the night. He never pushed her too hard, but by the end of the week, she was stepping into his arms naturally, just as eager as he was.

By Friday night, she couldn't take the sexual frustration any longer and when he demanded that she return to his place so they could continue what they'd started, she only nodded her head in silent agreement.

In the beginning, it was idyllic. He wanted to take her everywhere but she declined, wanting only to be in his arms at night. When he questioned her about avoiding being seen with him in public, she explained that she didn't want to be photographed as his next "liaison" and labeled a climber through sexual favors.

All that changed one night. It was her habit to leave before morning so no one would suspect they were having an affair. But that morning he stopped her, pinning her to the bed and not letting her up. "Don't go," he told her, unsure of why he was saying this. He'd never let a woman come to his place, always going to hers so he could leave once the sex was finished. But this woman was different and he'd known it from the beginning. Just her resistance to sleeping with him was novel and he respected her more because of it. Too many women tried to get all they could from him after sleeping with him but this woman with her thoughtful eyes and sexy figure only wanted him. It was so different that he was breaking rules he hadn't even realized he'd been keeping until he broke them for her.

And when she tried to leave his bed, to slink out before dawn so photographers wouldn't catch her leaving, it infuriated him. He not only wanted her on his arm, to be photographed and claimed as his own, he wanted her to be here in the morning, every morning. When he woke up, he was livid that she wasn't still there with him.

"Marry me," he said, surprising both of them with the question.

But he was even more stunned when, after a brief pause, she smiled gently and touched his cheek, shaking her head. "You don't want to be married, Mikhail. It's not in you to be a husband."

He rolled over so she was on top of him, putting his hands on her tiny waist to keep her pressed against his stomach.

"Why do you think I wouldn't be a good husband? Maybe I could be a perfect husband."

She laughed slightly and pushed herself up, feeling both vulnerable and powerful as she felt his stomach muscles ripple underneath her and against her thighs. "You're too busy, too powerful, to be a husband. Let's not muddy this with that kind of talk."

"What would we be muddying?" he demanded, angry but still turned on by her position. As his hand slid down her thighs, she gasped when he pushed her backwards slightly, sliding inside of her and pressing her down so he was fully encased in her warmth.

A month later, they were married. Kristen was deliriously happy as he took her to his house on an isolated Greek island with only the two of them and servants. They were supposed to be there for a full two weeks, but after ten days, Mikhail had to cut the honeymoon short to deal with a business situation.

Kristen went back to work, but reality was quick to set in. She couldn't keep up with Mikhail's energy level but she accompanied him as often as she could, loving being next to him. But as business took over, she slowly lost her husband. He had several late nights where she wasn't involved in the negotiations. Instead, she was left alone most nights, only to find herself pulled into his arms when he finally came home, feeling the incredible magic only he could weave when he finally returned to her.

Four months later, she was in the hospital, praying for their daughter's life. A life he hadn't even known about because he'd been away on business for the previous week, and too busy for her to catch him despite several attempts.

Chapter 2

Mikhail walked into his office with his usual commanding stride, ignoring several people as he made his way to his office. He had too much on his mind right now to worry about the small issues they deemed critical.

He told himself his bad mood today had nothing to do with the fact that it was coming up on the three year anniversary of when Kristen left him. She didn't have any impact on his life any longer. She'd chosen to leave, so let her have her way he told himself every year about this time.

He slapped the papers around on his desk, not sure if he was irritated Ellen, his New York assistant, was taking a long lunch or relieved by her absence. The woman was an excellent assistant but had been showing signs of wanting a more personal relationship lately. She'd done that before he'd met Kristen but he hadn't been interested back then and he certainly wasn't interested now. If the woman couldn't keep her personal interests to herself, he'd fire her for the smallest provocation today.

There was a pile of mail on the middle of her desk today and normally he would just pass it by knowing Ellen would sort through the pile and give him only the relevant documents, passing on the other issues to someone else on his management team. But the writing on the top envelope caught his eye, looking familiar somehow.

Picking it up, he glanced at it with only mild curiosity. A moment before he was going to toss it back down again, the address caught his eye. Not only was the handwriting familiar, but the return address triggered something in his memory. Minnesota?

Hadn't Kristen mentioned that her family was from Minnesota?

Why anyone would want to live in such a frigid area of the world, he had no idea. Growing up in St. Petersburg, he knew what it was like to be cold and he had no intention of forcing winters like that on himself again. He owned houses in the Caribbean and Greece, not to mention his penthouse in Manhattan and Tokyo and a townhouse in Paris, perfectly reasonable places to stay during the exceptionally cold winter days when business didn't require him to be somewhere else.

His fingers stilled on the white envelope, something inside him telling him to toss the letter down and walk away. The other part of him seething with fury that the woman who had walked out on him after the death of their unborn child would dare to contact him again after so many years. She'd left with only a note, placed on his bedside table telling him that she couldn't do the fast paced lifestyle he led any longer, that it wasn't conducive to a healthy family life. He'd only assumed from that note that she wanted to drive the stake deeper, to make him feel guilt over his absence during her shortened pregnancy.

He'd torn that letter up and tossed it into the trash but he'd never been able to get those words out of his mind. After she'd left him, he'd worked harder than he ever had in his life, driving the members of his team to near exhaustion.

Eventually he'd slowed down, but he'd never trusted another woman again.

If no other woman had ever gotten close to him, he didn't mind that at all. He never should have let her get close. Never should have broken his rules about not spending the whole night with a woman and, worst of all, he never should have let her into his old penthouse. He'd had to sell the place after she'd left. Not because he couldn't bear the memories, he reminded himself. But her scent was everywhere and he hated the perfume after she'd gone.

She'd been an irritation. That was all. A bad decision that would not repeat itself with another woman.

Carrying the letter into his office, he sat down in his large leather chair and swiveled so that the light from the windows lightened the paper, revealing that there was more than just a letter inside.

He sneered as he tore open the envelope, wondering if she was finally going to ask him for money. She was probably wishing she'd brought the jewelry he'd given her when she'd walked out of his life. That would have kept her in high style for at least a decade, he thought, thinking back to all the silly trinkets he'd showered on her.

Damn her! He hated thinking about her and what a fool she'd made of him. No woman had ever gotten to him like she had!

Pulling the contents out of the envelope, he was startled when a picture of a very cute little girl fell onto his lap. He picked it up and almost smiled at the gamin grin of the dark haired little girl. She had long, black hair that was pulled up on both sides, showing off her blue, twinkling eyes.

Glancing at the letter, he read through the words, realizing that this was indeed a letter from Kristen but it made no sense.

Why the hell would he care that this child was doing well in school, that her teacher was starting her off on addition even in preschool and several years ahead of her peers?

Looking inside the envelope, he saw another card, this one more colorful. A princess?

It was an invitation? To a birthday party?

He glanced at the date, about to toss the whole thing into the trash. But his hand froze. He looked back at the date. February thirteenth? The girl was going to be three years old on February thirteenth?

That would have been...his mind quickly did the math and with it, his fury exploded.

Ellen chose that moment to walk back into the office from her lunch and he snapped through the open doorway, "Get me Tom Fisher on the phone immediately," referring to the head of his legal team.

Ellen jumped when she realized that Mikhail was already in the office. He hadn't been scheduled to be back for several hours, having been in transit from London to New York today for a meeting on his latest acquisition. She had no idea why he was off schedule, but she recognized the signs of seething fury when she saw them and this was possibly the worst she'd ever seen.

Picking up the phone, she dialed Tom Fisher's extension and was hugely relieved when he was at his desk. "Tom is on the line for you, sir," she called back through the open doorway.

Mikhail took a moment to slam his office door shut before he picked up the phone, not wanting his inquisitive assistant to hear his conversation.

"Tom, I want to know what my options are for gaining custody of a child."

There was a brief hesitation before the man at the other end of the phone started speaking. "Are we talking about your own child or someone else's?"

"Mine," Mikhail gritted out, glancing down at the picture once again, noticing the similarities now that he knew the child was his.

"Is this a theoretical child or..."

"She's three years old," he snapped, interrupting his lawyer's tentative questions to cut to the main problem more efficiently. "And to answer your next question, I didn't know she existed until about five minutes ago so no, I don't have any other information. My wife," he sneered out the word, "didn't bother to tell me that our child hadn't been miscarried as I'd originally thought."

"So you have a three year old son?'

"Daughter apparently."

Another long pause. "Well, if she gave birth in the state of New York..."

"Minnesota."

A longer pause. "Why would she move to Minnesota?"

"I haven't the foggiest notion," he said curtly, his mind starting to sift through the information now that the initial red haze of anger was starting to dissipate. In its place was a cold, furious determination. Although he hadn't known that his daughter had existed before now, he remembered that night when he'd thought they'd lost the baby and the pain that had stormed through his system. He was now determined to make sure that Kristen would feel every little bit of pain he'd gone through that night and the following weeks when he discovered that she'd deserted him.

"I'm not sure about the custody issues in Minnesota but I'll research the information and will get back to you. But keep in mind, I'm a corporate lawyer. You need a family lawyer for this kind of situation but if she really did have a baby and didn't tell you about it, and you're still married, I am assuming there could be some custodial kidnapping charges that could be brought to bear if she isn't willing to relinquish custody to you. I'm guessing you want full custody?"

Mikhail hesitated, which in itself was out of character. "I don't know what I want right now except to know my options. I want answers quickly. You have until tonight to get me something solid."

Ellen knew something horrible had just happened but wasn't sure what that might be. She tried to listen through the closed door to hear the conversation but the few words that filtered through to her office weren't enough for her to piece the issue together. Her eyes strayed to her desk, wondering if something had been out of place that would make him this furious, but all the contracts were still stacked where she'd left them.

Then her calendar caught her eye and she gasped. Today was the day! Darn! That stupid woman sent the letter every month at the same time and Ellen had stupidly left the office on the one day the letter was scheduled to arrive.

She sifted through the mail that had been left on her desk while she'd been at lunch with a friend and realized that the letter wasn't there. He must have seen it and read the letter, recognizing the handwriting.

Couldn't that woman just leave it alone? Ellen had thought she was so close, she'd been getting signals from Mikhail that he might be more receptive to her advances and she had been building up her courage to do something more aggressive. But she wasn't sure now. If Mikhail knew about the little brat, which was all the letters talked about she knew since she'd occasionally opened them to read before filing them away in a secret file, she wasn't sure if he would care or if he'd just send money. The few letters she'd read had been dull she thought, thinking of all the stupid details the absent wife thought to convey about her boring daughter. Who really cared if the brat was able to roll over or if she'd lost a tooth? Good grief! No wonder the two of them had split up all those years ago. She'd probably bored Mikhail to tears. The man was powerful and dynamic and couldn't possibly care less if some kid he'd sired was walking or talking or what her first words were.

But she hadn't taken any chances. Ellen wanted Mikhail for herself and had worked hard to make sure that he never knew about the kid over the years. She'd carefully hidden away each letter as it arrived, faithfully on the same, exact day each month. All sonograms, baby weights and birth records were tucked away in a file that she'd kept to herself, although what she would do with them later on, she had no idea. But she always liked to keep insurance handy, just in case.

Mikhail's door suddenly swung open and he stormed out, the lines of anger etching his face in a cold, hard mask. "Cancel my appointments this afternoon and tell Gary to be on standby. I'll be flying to Minnesota tonight."

Ellen's stomach sank as she picked up the phone and made the necessary calls. Flying to Minnesota could mean only one thing...he'd found the letter.

Damn and double damn! She pounded out the phone number, calling all of the people he had been scheduled to meet with this afternoon, all the while trying to figure out how to use this latest turn of events to her advantage.

By the middle of the afternoon, she had a plan, smiling as she made new arrangements. She loved the way her mind could turn lemons into lemonade, she thought as she poured a bit of vodka into her coffee from a flask in her purse. She'd started drinking vodka when she'd first started working for Mikhail, thinking that since he was Russian, she'd better learn to drink their national drink so she'd be more perfect for him. But after a while, she'd learned that she really liked the way it soothed out the edges and got her through the afternoon when things were extra stressful here in the office. And on those nights when Mikhail worked late, the extra perk just made her nights even more exciting!

She almost giggled as she sent the e-mails that would put her plan into action.

Twelve hours later, Mikhail stepped down off the plane and pulled his coat closer around him. He hated the cold and was even more furious with Kristen for making him visit this frozen land. How dare she keep his child from him! He'd meant to get her last night, but he had too many issues to resolve before he could absent himself for the time he'd need to get his child. After hearing from Tom last night, he knew he might have an uphill battle ahead of him. Since Kristen had given birth in Minnesota, she had more rights, this being a conservative state where the mother's interests tended to lean more heavily. Not that a father didn't have rights as well. He'd just have to tread carefully.

He was here for two reasons. First and foremost, he wanted to get to know his daughter. Secondly, he needed to find out why Kristen had disappeared so he could take her to court and sue her for custody. His primary assets were his wealth and power. He could bring a great deal of pressure to Kristen, tying her up in a legal mess that she couldn't possibly be able to fight. He was half hoping she'd just give up the girl and let him raise her because the battle would be too expensive.

But if he knew Kristen, which apparently he didn't because he never would have thought she'd do something like this to him, she would fight him tooth and nail.

All the better, he thought grimly as he pulled his coat closer around him before diving into the already running vehicle that Ellen had arranged for his use while out here.

Chapter 3

Mikhail looked around the playground where he'd been told Kristen currently was by one of her neighbors. Apparently, she always brought his daughter here on the weekends if it was warm enough. He had no idea what she might consider warm enough, but since they weren't at home, the neighbor said they'd be here.

Looking around, he didn't see Kristen immediately but he scanned the group of other mothers, wondering if she'd changed at all in the three years since he'd last seen her.

There were several women sitting on a park bench by the swing set, all of them bundled up in warm, down filled coats and hats. There was another group by the slides, appearing to be talking intently about whatever was on their minds.

He was busy looking around but when he heard the screech, as if someone had gone into overdrive and was rampaging around a corner, he looked around, trying to identify the sound and its source. All he saw was a tiny little girl dressed almost completely in pink with black hair bouncing behind her.

His eyes narrowed and his stomach clenched as he recognized the tiny little female from the picture he'd seen just twenty four hours ago. This version was much more animated and barreling towards him at what he assumed was a toddler's top speed with both her arms open as if she were going to tackle him.

Instinctively, he bent down to his knee, wondering if the child would stop or simply barrel into him.

He found his answer quickly and it wasn't what he was expecting. Since he had braced himself for a battle with his estranged wife to even see his daughter, having her throw her arms around him and her tiny little body hugging him so tightly he could barely breathe was definitely not the reaction he was expecting.

Ignorance of his identity; confusion as to why he was here now; perhaps a bit of curiosity? Yes, those were the reactions he'd been expecting but having this tiny little person not only recognize him, but be excited to see him? And not afraid of him? Weren't all children tentative of strangers?

Her face came out of being buried in his neck and she beamed up at him. "You're actually here! I can't believe it! Momma says you're a very busy man but that we should keep on praying that you'll find time to come see us and my birthday is next weekend so that's why you're here, isn't it? I knew you'd come! I didn't tell momma but something told me that you would find time this year to come even though I'd thought that about Christmas, which was a long time ago so maybe you worked hard over Christmas and were able to clear up everything so you'd have time to be at my birthday. That's it, isn't it? You couldn't be here for Christmas because you wanted my birthday to be more special?"

Mikhail tried to follow his daughter's conversation but he missed a few of the words and had to translate based on the other parts of her sentence.

As he stood on the playground, oblivious to the curious stares from the other moms who were half watching their own children and half watching the scene play out between the two of them, he looked around for Kristen, desperate to see her and figure out what was going on.

He had his whole legal team working night and day to maneuver for him to obtain sole custody but something wasn't calculating correctly.

Now that he thought about it, why would Kristen have sent him the letter about his daughter out of the blue?

No, something was definitely wrong here.

But he'd get to the bottom of the issue quickly enough. As soon as he could find the woman who had created this entire mess.

His furious, confused eyes clashed with her stunned green ones across the mulch covered playground, something forgotten in her hands as she watched her daughter fling herself into the arms of her estranged father.

Victoria had always been precocious and gregarious, but seeing her with the man who had sired her made Kristen doubt her actions over the past three and a half years. He was taller than she remembered but of course he hadn't gotten any taller. Her memory had probably only minimized his impact on her senses, starting with his height which had always made her feel smaller, somehow vulnerable and protected.

And then there was the breadth of his shoulders and the intensity of his blue, enigmatic eyes. She'd learned to discern anger and amusement from his expressions, but other emotions were well hidden from observers. He'd learned to hide what he was thinking, she assumed because of his business transactions, but she'd always suspected there was more beneath the layers he allowed her to know. He'd never spoken about his family to her so she'd never gotten to know what his mother or father were like. And they'd never discussed children either.

They hadn't discussed a whole lot, she realized now. Their time together had been a whirlwind of sexual attraction that translated into a physical need that halted conversations. They'd never really gotten to the more laid back side of a relationship where there were discussions about their hopes and dreams. Their brief marriage had been intense, but not overly deep.

And the result of that intensity was now happily ensconced in her father's arms, chatting away and putting her small, playground-grubby hands on his cheeks to regain his attention each time he looked away from her. Victoria, Kristen realized, was just as intense as her father who had done the exact same thing during their courtship.

Taking a deep breath, she accepted that she would have to approach her estranged husband and introduce him to their daughter, although Victoria was doing a good enough job of that herself. As usual, she thought. The little tike didn't really have a shy bone in her body which was both a blessing and a worry.

"Hello," she said to him when she was about five feet away. She tried to remember all those speeches she'd come up with in the dark, lonely hours of the night when she fantasized about Mikhail finally acknowledging their existence once again and taking time out from his busy schedule to meet their beautiful and precocious daughter. But as she tried to think, nothing sprang to mind. All those speeches, both sarcastic, happy and otherwise, were blown away with his incredible presence.

It had always been like this, she remembered. Mikhail had continually been so larger than life she could barely think at times. He wasn't handsome, but there was an unmistakable power and energy surrounding him. Combined with his height and that unmistakable strength underneath all his perfectly tailored clothes, not to mention that sense of danger that told a woman, and a man, that he would crush anyone who stood between him what he wanted, and the combination was devastating. She'd never been able to resist him.

Kristen was just glad that Victoria was still in his arms at the moment. This way, she couldn't embarrass herself by throwing herself into his arms and sobbing out her anger, fear and happiness at seeing him again.

"You look good," she finally got out.

He bowed his head slightly in acknowledgment. "So do you."

She thought he was probably being sarcastic since her hair was pulled back into a pony tail high on her head, she had no makeup on and her navy blue down-filled jacket covered her from neck to mid-calf. She flushed with embarrassment and something that frustratingly kindled inside her stomach, something she refused to accept was excitement. This man had abandoned them at a time when she desperately needed him. She refused to simply throw herself back into his arms until she heard his explanation. And if he brought up how busy he had been as an excuse, she might just....well, she wasn't sure what she would do. A part of her didn't even want to hear his excuse, afraid it might be more of all the frustrating excuses she'd heard throughout their brief marriage. She hadn't accepted them then, and with Victoria in the picture, she definitely wouldn't accept them now.

But he was Victoria's father. She knew other parents fought over small things that eventually impacted the children and she refused to let that happen with her. Victoria was too important. Kristen knew she had to rise above being petty so her daughter could get to know her father.

Taking a deep breath, she smiled up at him in the watery winter sunlight. "You look cold. I know you hate snow and cold weather," she replied awkwardly. "Our house is about two blocks away. We can be warm in about five minutes if we walk quickly.

"We can be warm in thirty seconds if we return to the car waiting behind us," he snapped.

Kristen's eyes moved from him to the long, black vehicle running idle in the parking lot beside the park. With a sigh, she remembered how Mikhail had always had his driver ready and waiting for him. It had been one of the luxuries she'd enjoyed, and it had been hard to get used to being a normal person again once she'd come to Minnesota, especially during her pregnancy when it would have been wonderful to not walk through parking lots with the extra weight bearing down on her legs and back. And then with the baby carrier, oh how lovely it would have been to have someone right at the curb each time she'd exited a building.

Then painful, depressing reality intruded and she grimaced back in his direction. She quickly shook her head. "Do you have a car seat already installed?"

"Of course not," he quipped back.

"Then Victoria can't ride in the car. We'll walk."

"Don't be ridiculous," he snapped back. "You said it was only two blocks."

"Too many accidents occur within a ten mile radius of one's home. I'm not risking it with Victoria." She reached up and took her daughter out of his arms, feeling the resistance a split second before he released their daughter to her arms. "Come along, Tory. It's time for lunch. How about some nice warm soup?"

Victoria looked at her mother with a squinched up face. "Not tomato," she said carefully and adamantly.

Kristen hid her smile, knowing how much her daughter disliked tomato soup. She'd much prefer chicken noodle soup but since it didn't have enough nutrients, she got tomato often, much to Tory's chagrin.

"We'll see," she replied.

Tory turned to her new found father with an obviously irritated expression. "That means tomato soup," she explained to Mikhail with a grimace.

If she hadn't been so nervous, Kristen would have laughed at the shock of amusement that flashed across Mikhail's features.

"We'll see," Kristen countered and started towards their small house two blocks away. Mikhail could follow on foot or in the comfort of his car, she didn't care. Or at least she tried to convince herself she didn't care. In reality, she hoped he would get into his car and meet her at their house so she could have just a few moments to gather her thoughts and figure out how to deal with the shock of seeing him again. In the back of her mind, she guessed he never would have come back to them so she wasn't sure what she'd said in her last letter that grabbed his attention and pushed him to acknowledge them at this point.

Kristen set Victoria onto her feet and walked over to the bench to grab her bag containing all the things a little girl could potentially need. She wondered if Mikhail looked at the bag with disdain. Kristen had never been one of those women who had a purse to match each different outfit, but she'd had two nice purses, a black and a brown that she carried depending on the outfit.

This bag was significantly different. Gone was the lipstick and slim wallet containing a small amount of cash and credit cards. Now the essentials included a container of Cheerios, fruit cut up into small, non-chokable pieces, a sippy cup and a change of clothes. Not for her, but for Victoria in case of some minor catastrophe, which inevitably happened only when she'd forgotten to include the change of clothes. Tory was now potty trained, but just barely and accidents happened, although not frequently.

"How long have you been living here?" Mikhail asked as they walked down the sidewalk.

Kristen glanced up at him curiously. "I moved here after I left the hospital. I told you that in the letter."

She watched as his eyes became furious and she tensed for a fight. But he seemed to pull himself together and suppressed whatever he'd been about to say.

"The letter with a few sentences stating you couldn't keep up the lifestyle? The last time I spoke to you was when you were lying on the bed telling me that I didn't need to worry about the baby any longer. I took that to mean that you'd lost the baby but obviously that isn't the case, was it?"

Kristen turned to fully look into his eyes. "I sent you a letter the day I left. I had it messengered to your office. I wouldn't ever just leave you without giving you an explanation."

"Except that's exactly what you did!" he countered, unable to hide his anger completely. "There was no letter sent by special messenger to my office, nor any indication of the direction you had taken when you left me three years ago. Let's not pretend otherwise and perpetuate obvious lies."

She stepped back, surprised and frightened by his fury but Victoria didn't like that one little bit. "Daddy, are you mad? You can't be mad," she said and looked up at him with her pretty blue eyes and smiled. "I have so much to show you. Momma cut out stories about you and we read them whenever we find them in the net," she said, referring to the internet but her young vocabulary couldn't form the word as easily. "I know all about the sitions and mergers," she explained, mispronouncing "acquisitions" and using a hard "g" instead of the soft for 'mergers'.

Mikhail looked back up at Kristen. "You told her about me?"

Kristen shook her head in astonishment but Victoria chirped up. "Of course she told me about you. You're my daddy. I have your picture and everything." She took his hand and pulled. "Come on. I'll show you."

Kristen watched the transformation occur in Mikhail as his heart melted with her tiny hand in his. She could actually see the physical transformation as the tension changed from anger to something akin to amazement while his daughter entrapped him with her enthusiasm.

He let her lead him down the street while Kristen followed a couple of steps behind. She had tiny legs and she stared up at him, her neck cricked at an awkward angle because he was so much taller than all the other people she'd known. After only a few steps, she dropped his hand and reached up, the silent signal that she wanted him to pick her up.

And just like the man she'd always known was down underneath that gruff, angry exterior, Mikhail picked her up and became mesmerized by the angelic child in his arms as she chatted away, regaling him with her knowledge of his business activities over the past several months, as much as her little brain could remember.

Kristen walked a few steps behind, her mind still trying to grasp the fact that he was really here, in her life and their daughter was in his arms. Right where she wanted to be.

Kristen stopped and looked around. Where had that thought come from? No, she definitely didn't want to be in his arms. She'd been there, done that, got the heartache, thank you very much. She was not going down that path one more time. Getting over Mikhail once had been difficult. Even thinking about starting up with him sent shivers of fear down her neck because she couldn't face the pain of losing him once again.

"Come on, momma!" Victoria said and Kristen realized they were about half a block ahead of her and she was staring at Mikhail's long legs.

She sighed and shook her head. Okay, she wasn't staring at his legs at all. Not when his butt was there right in front of her. The man was built, that was all she could say as an excuse for her fascination.

As he turned around, the look in his eyes told her he knew exactly what she'd been staring at although how he knew, she had no idea. Perhaps it was just experience, she thought as she moved ahead of them to unlock the door to her small, cottage style house. When they'd been married, he'd not been shy about walking about the bedroom naked and she'd loved to watch him, especially as he walked away. She'd been too naive to hide her fascination but she was older now and had a child. She should know better!

It didn't help that her face had flamed up with his knowing smile and she pushed against the door with a bit more force than was necessary to get inside. The result was that she had to catch it before it crashed against the half wall that divided her family room from the kitchen in the front of the house.

Dumping the toddler bag by the front door so it would be available when she needed it next, she hung her keys up on the hook and took the sippy cup of milk out of the bag, storing it in the refrigerator, glad to have the small, organizational things to occupy her mind as Victoria tugged Mikhail back to her room to show him her bedroom.

Kristen opened up a can of soup and made grilled cheese sandwiches, the perfect lunch for a cold, winter Saturday afternoon. Placing the food on the table, she set it for three, but she wasn't sure she could eat anything with her stomach churning like this.

What did it mean that he was here now? He couldn't think he could just take up where they left off, did he? Their marriage might still be legal, but it wasn't real anymore.

She was standing against the counter, her thoughts running rampant through her mind until the phone rang, startling her out of her reverie.

Looking at the caller ID, she sighed as she picked up her phone. "Hi Missy," she said, greeting her sister with resignation. She knew exactly what her sister was calling about, since the playground grapevine was more effective than the national emergency response system in getting the word out on anything that was happening in the neighborhood.

"Is it true?" Missy asked without preamble.

"Yes," she replied, not even pretending that she didn't know what her sister was asking. "He's in Victoria's room right now."

There was a long pause before Missy asked, "Are you okay?"

"Of course I'm okay," Kristen replied, lying to her sister before tossing the sippy cup back into the refrigerator after realizing she was about to drink out of that instead of the half finished soda she'd put in there earlier. "Why wouldn't I be okay?"

"Possibly because your estranged husband, the man you fell head over heels with in love with in less than a week who then abandoned you when you needed him the most, has finally shown up after three years. Of course you shouldn't be okay. Do you need me to come over? What was his excuse for not being there for the birth? And for all the other years in between then and now? And why didn't he even support you when he has so many billions of dollars a few hundred grand wouldn't have even caused his banker to blink?"

Kristen laughed, amazed that her sister could say all those questions without taking a breath. "I'll have to get back to you on all those answers."

"Why? Is he in the room? Do you need support? I can be there in five minutes. I just need to call Tony to watch the kids but he's just doing paperwork at the office so he can be here in no time so I can be there with you."

It warmed Kristen that her family was ready to help her if she needed it. That kind of support couldn't be bought, she knew from the past three years. "I'm fine. No need to interrupt your whole day. Just relax. I'll call you when I have more information."

"Don't you dare hang up on me," Missy commanded, but Kristen only smiled slightly as she hung up the phone. She couldn't talk to her sister right at the moment. Missy was wonderful and supportive, but she was really angry with Mikhail for abandoning them. Kristen didn't need that kind of anger right now. She needed to get through the next few moments. And then she'd work on the next five minutes.

Step by step, she promised herself as she lifted the grilled cheese off the pan and sliced it into triangles on the plate. For Mikhail's grilled cheese, she simply plopped it on the plate and left it there, not bothering to cut it up. Her daughter's needed to cool. His, he could figure it out for himself.

"Lunch is ready, Victoria!" she called down the hallway.

Kristen waited for a moment but when she didn't hear anything, no eager footsteps running down the hallway as she normally would hear or excited whispers if her cousins or friends were around, she went down the short hallway to investigate.

What she saw made a lump form in her throat and Kristen had to quickly blink to stop the tears from filling her eyes.

Sitting on her daughter's toddler bed which was about a foot off of the floor and surrounded by stuffed animals, was Mikhail with her daughter sitting on his lap as they flipped through her "Daddy" book. It was a photo album filled with newspaper clippings, photos from the internet and pictures from their wedding. Her daughter wasn't showing her father what she'd done over the past year or any of her accomplishments. She was bragging to her father about his own accomplishments. She wanted to prove to him that she had been following him, that she knew about him and was impressed with his accomplishments.

He must have known she was there because he turned around to look at her over Victoria's head. If she were to put a name to the emotion she saw on his handsome features, she would say he was almost desperate for help, but that couldn't be possible. Mikhail never needed help from anyone. He was so overwhelmingly powerful and knowledgeable about every subject that he was the man others came to for advice, not the other way around.

She pushed away from the doorframe and cleared her throat, blinking rapidly as she tried to control her emotions. "Victoria, your soup is on the table. I made your favorite too."

"Grilled cheese?" she asked with renewed interest, peering at her mother over Mikhail's shoulder.

"Yep!"

She turned back to her father, leaning into his arm that was wrapped around her back. "She makes me eat the tomato soup first though."

Kristen hid her laughter and walked back to her bright kitchen, trying to see her home through Mikhail's eyes. He'd always demanded the best of everything but she hadn't been able to afford that with Victoria's coming. She made do with second hand furniture, she'd made the curtains for all the rooms and some of the cabinets could use a fresh coat of paint. But it was warm and homey and she loved it. And it was affordable enough that she could put money away for Victoria's college savings fund each month.

Kristen sighed and shook her head in amazement that she was actually hoping to impress Mikhail. He was rarely impressed and her house was so far below his standards she couldn't hope to come close to competing.

Chapter 4

Mikhail tucked the light blanket around Victoria's shoulders and sat on the edge of the bed, watching her sleep for several more minutes. He wasn't sure what he was feeling inside, but it was almost painful.

As he looked around the cheerful pink room filled with stuffed animals and homemade butterflies, a cozy toddler bed to keep their daughter safe in the middle of the night, he realized that this was what he'd missed when he was a kid. Even when his mother had been alive, she'd either been drunk or passed out Or not even home, he remembered. She'd never made a home for him, had never bothered to color anything to make their dingy, horrible, cold apartment by the frozen river more livable.

He'd never really had a mother, he realized now. He'd had a woman who had given birth to him and kept a roof over his head while she could. Other than that, she'd had no maternal inclinations or accomplishments.

He had residences in various cities across the world and was instantly recognized when he walked into most hotels in the world. None of them could compare to the warmth and comfort of this tiny little cottage, even with the wintry snow falling outside the window.

Kristen had done a wonderful job of caring for their daughter and providing her with security and confidence. All his thoughts over the past twenty-four hours had been about getting his daughter and punishing Kristen for her lies.

Seeing all this now, nothing added up. His plans made no sense and his thoughts were scattered and confused. This was a puzzle that he needed to piece together carefully. Making a mistake could be disastrous and he wasn't going to suffer a fool again.

With determination, he stood up and walked out of the pink and yellow room, ready to confront the woman he had previously trusted more than anyone in his life, and who had possibly betrayed him more deeply than he could have imagined.

He found her in the kitchen loading the ancient dishwasher with their lunch dishes. As he rounded the corner and watched her, he cursed under his breath and walked into the tiny den area. Just a brief glimpse of the woman had him hard and aching for her again. He couldn't figure it out, but there was something about Kristen that had gotten to him from the first.

He'd initially thought it was her honesty combined with a killer figure and gorgeous smile. But now he knew it wasn't her honesty since he couldn't trust her. And he could barely stand to be in the same room with the woman, but he wanted to drag her down onto the floor and plunge into her heat. No woman had ever satisfied him like she had. Not before and definitely not after she'd left. Not that he'd tried very hard. After her departure, he'd looked around for another woman but no one had appealed to him. He'd had sex with a few women, but since they were sloppy seconds, he didn't even try after a while, pushing himself in business so he couldn't even think about Kristen or remember how soft she was, how her moans and gasps of pleasure had turned him on so much he could barely control himself in bed with her.

He'd never gotten enough of her, the need for her body and her gentle hands touching him driving him crazy so he couldn't sleep until he'd made love to her every night. There had been too many sleepless nights after she'd gone and he'd cursed her so many times as he tried to find solace in other outlets, but it was only Kristen who had been able to give him what he needed.

And now he found out that they had a child!

Damn her for this kind of betrayal.

He stared out the window for a long time, trying to get his body and his fury under control enough to turn around and confront her for this perfidy. When he could see straight once again, he turned to search her out, only to find her sitting quietly on the small, beaten looking chair behind him.

"What in that last letter changed your mind about meeting your daughter?" she asked quietly.

Kristen had watched the emotions as he worked to get them under control although she didn't fully understand what he was going through. She'd never really understood him, she realized. But now, with his color high and his shoulders tense, she was almost frightened of him.

"You mean the letter where a picture of my daughter fell out?"

She looked at him, confused. "But I've sent other pictures before. Many of them. This was only her school picture and wasn't even the best, in my opinion."

He stared at her hard. "You've never sent me any word of this child Kristen and you damn well know it!"

She looked at him aghast. "Are you saying the letter I sent last week was the first time you knew about Victoria?""

"Yes!"

She stood up and took a step closer, the idea of him not knowing about Victoria hadn't even occurred to her before. "But that's impossible! I sent letters almost every day in the beginning, thinking that, since you wouldn't take my phone calls, at least you'd have my letters telling about the progression of the pregnancy."

He could barely look at her. "You never called, you never sent letters!"

She put her hands on her hips, shaking with anger at the accusations he was throwing at her. "Let's just ignore the fact that I couldn't even get time with you when I first discovered I was pregnant and move on to the fact that you never called me to find out where I'd gone or how I was doing! Don't you dare stand there and accuse me of leaving you when you completely abandoned me at a time when I desperately needed help. This wasn't an easy pregnancy and living with my sister since you were too cheap to send any money was difficult. Although definitely not as difficult as living with you and the stressful lifestyle we had while we were together. But I couldn't work any longer and was on bed rest the last five months of Victoria's pregnancy so I was without any kind of support except for my family who helped me the whole way."

He ignored her comments about her pregnancy for the moment, concentrating on the one thing he could deal with. "I didn't hear you complaining about my lifestyle all that much when I asked you to marry me!"

"I loved you! I couldn't believe someone like you would even be interested in me!"

"What the hell are you talking about? You know you're every man's dream woman with your bedroom eyes and a figure any many would die to have in his bed!"

"Sex! That's all it ever was with you, wasn't it?" She huffed and turned around, crossing her arms over her stomach to protect herself somehow. "Well it wasn't enough! I needed you and you ignored all of my pleas for help!"

"I never denied you anything!"

"I never asked for anything until I found out I was pregnant."

"And you didn't ask for anything then either!"

"I called! I left so many messages and every time, I was told you were in a meeting, or catching a flight to Zurich, or Paris or some other country. That bitchy secretary of yours told me so many excuses she was grasping at straws in the end. So I gave up trying to reach you through her and started writing letters. But even that didn't work."

"There were no letters! And there definitely weren't any phone calls. Ellen knew to put you through to me directly from the moment I started pursuing you. She had strict instructions and she's never ignored them before so don't try and tell me she blatantly disobeyed a direct order now."

Kristen put her hands through her hair and took a deep breath. Then was startled. "Wait a minute. Who handle's your personal mail?" she whispered, horrified at what she'd started thinking. She just this moment realized that she'd never seen any personal mail come to the penthouse they'd shared during their marriage

In fact, all of her own mail had seemed to disappear as well. He'd told her all of her credit cards had been transferred to his name and his accountant would pay them each month.

"My mail all goes to my secretary who then disperses it to the appropriate party. If you'd sent any mail about Victoria, it would have landed on my desk and not sent anywhere else."

Kristen felt cold and furious, the anger building up so that her eyes were seeing only red now. "That horrible bitch! I thought she'd been petty before! But I never thought she'd be so horrible to actually hide my letters to you."

"What the hell are you talking about?" he demanded, unable to follow her train of thought.

"She'd been spiteful and vindictive before. That horrible woman took my letters to you and hid them," she said, standing in front of him with her hands on her hips.

"My secretary has been with me for years."

"And even you mentioned to me once that she seemed inordinately upset about the news of our marriage." She let that statement sink in for a moment before saying, "I dare you to get one of your security men to go through her office files. I'm betting my letters are there, hidden away."

"You're being ridiculous!"

"Am I?" she challenged right back at him.

Mikhail thought through what she was saying and a part of his mind recalled how, just a few days ago, he'd considered transferring Ellen because her advances were becoming too obvious. Could she really have hidden letters like this?

He flipped open his cell phone and dialed a number. "George, I need you to go up to my office and sift through the files in Ellen's area. I'm looking for letters from Kristen she said she wrote." There was a long pause before Mikhail nodded. "Yes I realize that. Just find out if they even exist first."

He snapped the cell phone closed and glared at her. "So if they don't exist, what's your next explanation?"

Kristen bristled under his scrutiny, knowing he didn't believe her. "It's amazing that you believe an employee over your wife!"

He closed the space between them until he was looking down into her soft, green eyes. "My secretary has never left me. Unlike my wife. I trust her more than I trust you." He said it so softly, it was menacing.

She saw his anger and knew something horrible had happened to them. She knew the letters existed so she wasn't afraid. But now her heart was starting to ache for the man who had been denied his daughter instead of just ignoring her. She'd had years to build up her resentment for this man and it had taken less than thirty minutes for that anger to melt away so that only sadness and resentment for a petty woman remained. "And when you find those letters, you'll find that I never left you."

"All evidence to the contrary."

"I left the New York lifestyle because the stress of worrying and being out so many nights caused me to almost miscarry. I gave up the lifestyle. I hadn't meant to give up our marriage."

He didn't say anything. Just shrugged and stepped away. "We'll see."

Kristen couldn't believe she was standing here trying to prove to him that she hadn't left him but there was something about his posture that told her she had to regain his trust or something horrible was going to happen. "Do you remember when I met you for lunch one day? I was wearing a red, wrap around dress with the gold chain you'd given me just the night before. We stepped into the elevator and you asked me why I was so worried."

He shrugged and turned around. "The memory sounds familiar. What about it?"

"I'd been waiting for you for almost a half hour. And in that time, I had to sit out in the waiting room with Ellen watching me. I tried to ignore her, but she isn't a woman one can easily ignore. While I flipped through a magazine, she made several comments, all designed to be superficially complimentary but underneath, they were nasty little snide comments that were meant to undermine my confidence."

He sighed and rubbed his forehead. "If I remember correctly, I received the call that you had arrived and I walked out of a conference meeting. You were thirty minutes late but I left as soon as you arrived."

Kristen shook her head, her eyes looking into his, willing him to hear what she was saying and absorb it through the wall of his resistance that had been built up with pain and anger over her assumed departure and betrayal. "While I was waiting for you," she countered, "Ellen made the comment about how brave I was to wear that dress."

"It was a great dress," he said, his eyes firing up as he remembered how they'd spent their lunch. And it hadn't been in a restaurant.

"She said I was brave to wear something like that with my figure."

His eyes snapped down to hers and he shifted on his feet. "Is that why you asked me in the elevator if the dress didn't fit correctly?"

"Exactly."

He wasn't sure what to say because the comment sounded exactly like something Ellen would say. In fact, he'd heard her say almost the exact same thing to another woman when she didn't realize he was behind her. At the time, he'd thought it had been a catty remark, but since he didn't know the woman to whom the comment was directed, he let it slide.

"So Ellen was jealous of you. She's an attractive female. I'm sure she receives her share of compliments."

"Another time I called in to your office to let you know that I had arrived for the mayor's fundraiser. It was the night I wore that green silk dress that you liked so much?"

"What of it?" he demanded, remembering that dress and the way it had hugged her figure. And the short night they'd had at the mayor's event so he could get her home and into bed. And out of that dress.

"I'd learned not to trust Ellen by then but thought I needed more proof that I wasn't just imagining things. So I stood outside her office and called her, asking her to let you know that we were downstairs waiting. At the same time, I texted you on your phone."

"And I came right out of a meeting."

"Did Ellen ever call to let you know that I was there?"

"She probably didn't have time."

"I watched her after I hung up the phone. She put on lipstick and powder, then turned to her computer. I waited about five minutes before I texted you, watching her the whole time. She told me she'd call you immediately. But she never picked up the phone."

He watched her for a long moment, wondering whether to believe her or not. "Sounds like your word against hers."

Kristen smiled without humor. "I was going to prove it to you. I had the time of the call and the time of the text all set up to show you."

"Why didn't you? I would have fired her on the spot."

She shrugged and turned away. "I got distracted."

He chuckled, realizing her comment meant that he'd distracted her with sex.

"Those distractions are the reason you found out about the pregnancy by finding me in the hospital."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"

"It means that you refused to talk to me. Every time I tried to have a serious conversation, you kissed me and made me forget what I was trying to say."

"You didn't try very hard, I guess."

She shook her head. "Mikhail, you're a very powerful man. One of the reasons you've made it so far in the business world is because you don't let anything stand in the way of what you want. And when you wanted me, I was no exception."

"So you're saying you left me because you couldn't have a serious conversation with me?"

She was already shaking her head before he finished the sentence. "I never left you is what I'm saying. I wanted you to follow me. I wanted us to get away from New York and all the travel and the stress of being a lawyer in New York City. And being your wife and a lawyer on top of that wasn't more important that protecting my unborn child. So I found a healthier place."

He was silent for a long time, letting her words sink in. "Do you still practice law?"

"Yes. I have a small practice in the city. But I set my own hours and work around Victoria's school and classes."

"She's already in school? Isn't she young to be in school?"

"She's in day care for half the day and preschool the other half. She's younger than most of her class, but she's also ahead of all of them as well."

"I read about that in your letter," he said grimly. "Is she okay?"

Kristen smiled, more at ease now that they weren't talking about their marriage or the painful accusations. "She's wonderful. More than okay. She's so smart it's hard to keep up with her sometimes."

"Why is she in day care? Why doesn't she have a private nanny? You should have told me that you needed something. I wouldn't have let her go without like.." he started to say, "like I had" but stopped himself just in time. He had never told anyone about his shameful past, about how he'd grown up filthy and homeless, eating food out of a garbage can or dumpster just to survive, teaching himself how to read and calculate. He'd had to stay out of the sight of the authorities, knowing they would put him in an orphanage, which, in Russia at that time, was worse than being out on the street.

"Victoria would be miserable with a private nanny. She loves being around other kids. Anyone actually. She's so extroverted it's impossible to keep her away from school and it's a real trial when she's sick. She actually cries more at having to stay away from school."

He chuckled, realizing that was the exact opposite of most kids. "She's beautiful. And very well mannered. Does she always run up to strangers like she did with me earlier?"

Kristen shook her head. "She might have if I hadn't had a serious talk with her on several occasions. But I don't think she considers you a stranger. We look for stories about you in the news each weekend so she can learn about what you're doing. She asks about you constantly, asking what you're like, what your preferences are, how tall you are and about your past. One week, she asked what your favorite food was, she refused to eat anything other than that the whole week. Until I told her you loved broccoli and she decided it was okay to like things other than her father," she explained, laughing at the memory. "I tried to answer her questions but now that you're here, maybe you could take over that part?" She looked at him, noting his grim expression and her whole body turned cold. "No! You're not leaving her just when you came back into her life, are you?" She went up to him, gripping his arm and clutching at the sleeve. "You can't do that to her. She's read so much about you and she's already in love with you. Mikhail, you can't leave her so soon!"

"Stop it! I'm not going anywhere."

His cell phone rang and he glanced at it curiously. "George? That was fast. I wasn't expecting to hear from you for another few days." He listened for a long time, nodding his head and running his fingers through his hair. "Okay. Yes, contact the authorities and let me know what I need to do. Thank you for checking up on this so quickly. I don't like to think about the issues that might have come up if you hadn't stopped her."

He hung up the phone and turned back to Kristen. "That was George."

"I gathered that much."

"After my call, he decided to head up to my office area immediately. Apparently, he'd had some suspicions on her previously but couldn't pin anything specific down."

"And?" she prompted.

"He found Ellen burning your letters."

Kristen gasped, horrified that someone could be so evil. "No! She can't! There was so much information in all of them. Things you need to know."

"It's okay. She'd only gotten through a few of them by the time George and his team arrived."

Kristen relaxed and sank into the chair. "Thank goodness!" she sighed, leaning her head onto the back of the chair.

Mikhail watched her, unsure what to do now that he had proof that Kristen hadn't betrayed him. An enormous weight was lifted off his shoulders and he looked around, the world seeming to be brighter all of a sudden.

"Why did you leave me, Kristen?" he asked softly, aware that he could breathe a bit more easily now. And looking at her gave him a great deal of pleasure. He still didn't understand everything, but he was starting to suspect there was a great deal of mis-communication that needed to be resolved.

She turned away from him slightly. "I told you, I didn't leave you, Mikhail. I left New York. I wanted you to be with me, but I couldn't maintain that lifestyle while I was pregnant. The stress caused me to almost mis-carry and I wasn't willing to sacrifice our child. Even to be with you."

She watched his jaw clench as he considered what she'd just said. She held her breath, waiting to see if he would believe her or if he still thought she'd left him. She didn't know why she cared. She had hoped and prayed for so long that he would appear, only to be disappointed. She'd been scared and lonely and ashamed that her husband hadn't helped her out so she was as much of a victim here as he was because he'd missed the first three years of his daughter's life.

"I think we both are victims here."

"How do you think?" he asked grimly.

"You missed being there for Victoria's birth, for her first steps, her first words. And I missed having your support and a shoulder to cry on when things got tough."

He was quiet for a long time before he said, "What was she like as a baby?"

Kristen smiled and curled her legs up underneath her. "She was beautiful," she said initially, then went into details about their daughter's life, about all the things he missed. She didn't talk about her anger that he wasn't there, or the betrayal she'd felt with his absence. Knowing that Ellen was finally going to be punished for what she did was enough. At least for now. She'd have to think about it and mull that side of things over in her mind before she made a final decision.

He laughed and she felt a soft glow start to burn inside her. For the next hour and a half, he asked her questions, she answered and they laughed about the foibles of a two and three year old.

"I'm sorry I wasn't here for you"

"I know. And I'm sorry I didn't try harder to bring you into her life."

"What more could you have done? You've said that you called and wrote letters," he said with a growl, indicative of the amount of trouble his secretary was now in.

"What's going to happen to Ellen?" she asked softly.

"I hope she burns in hell!"

Kristen smiled slightly, but then said, "And in the interim?"

"I believe George said he was calling the police but I won't know more until I check in later on. She definitely won't be able to get a job in New York or any other place I have any influence."

Kristen started to interject some compassion but she didn't have it in her yet. She was still too angry with the woman who had continuously interfered with her marriage and now she'd done something to harm her child by denying her a father. That kind of thing would be hard for a mother to overcome.

"Why didn't you file for a divorce?" he asked, his gaze intently watching her.

Kristen's heart stopped for a moment, then sped up rapidly. "Um...well...I kept thinking you'd come to your senses and realize that being a father wasn't so bad."

He shook his head. "That's why you kept sending the letters. Not why you didn't dissolve our marriage." He stood up and came towards her, his intent obvious.

A sleepy little girl with her hair messed up and a stuffed tiger under her arm padded softly into the room, interrupting their conversation.

"You're still here, daddy?" she asked, pushing her brown curls impatiently out of her eyes.

"Of course I'm still here. I'm not leaving you, honey." He bent down and lifted her into his arms. "Your momma and I were just talking about what you were like as a baby."

"Was I cute?" she asked, smiling into his eyes and accepting his strong arms around her tiny body without question.

"Of course you were cute," he replied with a chuckle. "How could you be anything else?"

"Do you want to see pictures of me?" she asked and immediately wiggled out of his arms to race across the room to a bookshelf packed with books and papers.

For the rest of the afternoon, Kristen watched and listened as her daughter regaled her father with her past escapades. She let them have their space by sitting at her desk and going over details of her latest cases, writing up notes for contracts she needed to review.

Dinner was a marvel of tension and laughter as Victoria continued to talk and Mikhail laughed but overall, threw Kristen heated looks telling her that he wanted her. She didn't understand how the man could be furiously angry with her, believe that she'd completely betrayed him only hours before, and now was telling her without words that he would have her in his bed by nightfall.

The looks were over the top of Victoria's head so the girl didn't grasp the undertones, but Mikhail made sure that Kristen didn't miss anything.

Kristen's hands shook as she finished loading the dishes into the dishwasher from dinner while Mikhail struggled through Victoria's bath. She found a small amount of retribution in assigning him the task of washing their daughter's hair since she suspected he'd never even considered doing something like that. He rallied to the challenge though, never missing a beat and she even heard them in the bathroom laughing about who knew what.

When Victoria was tucked into bed and received both goodnight kisses, Kristen's shaking hands became shaking legs and wobbly knees. She didn't want to be alone with Mikhail, not sure where they stood. And she definitely didn't want to jump into bed with him after being without him for three years.

The only problem was, each time he had touched her in the past, she hadn't been able to resist him. From almost the very beginning, he had only to look at her before she was quivering with need.

She would have to pull back, to figure out his plans and understand him better. There was no way she could go through the kind of pain she'd endured when she'd left him the last time. She'd do it for Victoria, but this round, she was determined to get to know him better and really find out how he thought and what made him tick. He was so driven, so powerful and strong but she had no idea what made him like that.

She wanted to know the man, not just the superficial partner that he allowed her to see.

When he emerged from Victoria's bedroom, she was prepared, standing in the middle of the small den with her arms crossed over her stomach and feet braced apart, ready to confront him.

He stepped into the room and looked at her, a small smile curling one side of his sexy mouth. "You look like you're braced for battle, Kristen."

She hesitated and tried to relax, but it was no use. Where Mikhail was concerned, there was no relaxing. "I guess I am."

"What's the problem?" he asked gently, stepping into the room, almost needing to duck under the archway because of his height.

She took a deep breath, then stepped back and put the overstuffed reading chair between them. "I love the way you are with Victoria and she has completely embraced you as her father. I'm so grateful that your entrance to her life was easy and sincerely saddened that you weren't there for the first three years of her life."

She hesitated and he raised an eyebrow. "I'm sensing a 'but' coming in a moment."

Kristen smiled briefly and nodded. "But, just because Victoria accepted you so easily, I'm afraid I can't be as open."

"You never were an easy conquest."

She didn't like the sound of that at all. "I never considered myself a conquest."

"That's probably why I thought you were different."

She shook her head and gripped the back of the chair. "I'm really no different from other women..."

"I beg to differ, but go on."

She stopped and stared at him, curious about his comment. "Why do you think I'm different?"

"Because you never wanted anything from me. Even after we were married, you still wouldn't quit working and just be my wife."

"What would I have done with myself all day without my job?"

He smiled and shook his head. "That's my point exactly."

"She sighed and pushed a hand through her hair. "Mikhail, you're talking in riddles and I'm trying to be serious."

"No, you're trying to put roadblocks between you and I. Again. And if that's what you need, if you need me to court you all over again, then so be it. I can understand. I wasn't there for you, and this is my punishment."

She shook her head, afraid he actually believed what he was saying. She came around the chair, her hands outstretched to assure him that she wasn't being vindictive. "This has nothing to do with punishment or retribution. I won't withhold any of your parental rights with Victoria. She loves you and from what I've seen tonight you'll be a wonderful father to her."

"But you're withholding my husbandly rights."

She blinked and looked up at him, retreating slightly. "Well, I guess I am, but not because of the reasons you think."

"Explain," he said and put his hands on his hips, staring down at her.

"I'm trying, but you keep making assumptions."

"I'm listening now."

She sighed and took a step back, amazed that just his scent and his heat was impacting her senses like this. She wanted to push all her hesitation aside and demand that he pull her into his arms and make her forget the cold, forget the lonely nights and just make her hot like only he could do. "Mikhail, we were together for just over six months. Our marriage was all about sex and we never made it to the real things that would hold us together during a crisis."

"I'll make sure there are no crises."

She smiled, touched by his confidence. "You're power and wealth can easily shelter both Victoria and I from any kind of financial crisis, but what about something more substantial? What about the death of one of your parents?"

"You won't be bothered by that."

She was confused. "Why not?"

"You don't need to worry about my parents."

She smiled and touched his arm lightly. "See? That's exactly what I'm worried about. I don't know anything about your parents. I don't know why you're the brilliant financial man who has built an empire all over the world and who commands instant respect only when your name is whispered in a board room."

"You're exaggerating."

She shook her head and laughed slightly. "No, I'm not. And you know it too."

He shrugged. "I have a great deal of influence in certain areas."

"You are an extremely powerful man. But what made you like this? What created this amazing drive to succeed in anything you dream up?"

He shrugged again and looked away. "I know how to do things," he said simply.

She sighed and shook her head. "That's exactly why I don't want to jump back into a physical relationship with you. Non-answers like that make me wonder what kind of stranger I'm sleeping with."

He looked down at her, his eyes assessing, considering his options. "You know I could overcome your resistance. In fact, I don't think you'd even resist, would you?"

She shivered and took a step back, retreating behind the chair once again, grateful that he allowed her the space. "Mikhail, you know you're a wonderful lover."

"Then let us enjoy one another."

"I want more than that."

"You're asking for too much," he ground out, suddenly angry with her demands.

"I'm finally asking for what I deserve. I want it all," she said intently. "I want the fabulous lover as well as whatever man is lurking behind that facade you show to the rest of the world. I want to know the real man, not just the image."

He swore under his breath and spun around. "You're being unreasonable, Kristen."

"No, I'm finally coming to my senses. Now that I know you didn't desert us, and you know that I haven't been hiding our child from you since her birth, I think we both deserve to learn to trust each other at a very elemental level."

"I don't do 'trust'!" he snapped back. "Accept what I'm willing to give..."

"Which is what? Money and a house over my head?" she demanded back at him. "I've got that. I want it all. I want the man! I want to love all of you and not just the parts you're willing to share. I want to know the person I get into bed with at night and when the demons start calling, I want to know that I'm the woman you're going to come to when you need help fighting them off. That way, when I have demons I need help with, it will be equal partners approaching the nest of vipers."

"Don't be dramatic!"

"I'm not being dramatic, Mikhail. I'm being realistic. If I'd known you better, understood your secrets better three years ago, I probably wouldn't have left the way I did. And you wouldn't have reacted the way you did. Whatever happened all those years ago, probably could have been averted if we'd just talked to each other."

"It won't happen because I've taken measures to ensure that the bitch who kept us apart will be prosecuted. And when she gets out of prison for mail fraud, I'll not only make sure she is unemployable, but I'll bring down so many civil suits that any money she actually earns will be taken from her for the rest of her life."

Kristen was in awe of his anger and the plan he'd set on course to destroy a woman's life, the same woman who had tried to destroy theirs. But it was a bit scary. "Why? What happened in the past that made you hate women so much?"

His anger suddenly dissipated and he looked down at her. "I don't hate women. I completely enjoy them."

She shook her head. "No, you use them."

"I never used you."

"I don't think you did it intentionally. But you treated me like a doll, dressing me up and giving me fabulous jewels, none of which I really wanted. I just wanted you. And that was something you weren't able to give me. Back then, I was more of a possession than anything to you. You never gave me credit for being strong and capable of being a full partner."

"I knew you were strong and capable. I never would have married you if you weren't."

She considered that for a moment, then nodded. "This time I want your trust and your love."

He glared at her for a long moment before shaking his head. "I want you in my bed, Kristen."

"And I want to be in your heart."

He was stunned, unable to respond. A moment later, he stormed out of the house, slamming the door behind him as the cold air rushed in around her.

Chapter 5

Kristen pushed gently on the ground slightly soft with the melting snow and ice. The movement pushed the swing, causing her to sway gently in the night air. She sighed and looked up at the diamond dotted sky, her herbal tea held between her fingers to give her a small amount of warmth. The day had been amazing, with Victoria thrilled to be the center of attention for her birthday, all her cousins running around their tiny house and her friends eager to play with her new toys. Mikhail had been a trooper through the whole thing, but Kristen knew he was completely dumbstruck by the whole affair as well as the amount of pink that had decorated the house.

He'd been picking Victoria up each morning and taking her to special places around the city. They'd now been to every museum, had played indoor golf, been snow tubing and he'd even had a private instructor teach her how to ski. Kristen came home every night to feed and bathe an exhausted but happy Victoria.

"That's the sigh of a woman in love," her sister joked from the doorway.

Kristen smiled but didn't take her eyes away from the night sky. "I don't know what's going on."

Debbie snorted and plopped down on the bench, causing everything to jump and become jangled, including her tea. "You're so graceful," she said sarcastically to her sister after the swing settled back down. "Where's Missy?" she asked, trying to distract her sister from whatever she wanted to ask. Questions Kristen wasn't sure she could answer.

Beth pushed them back to swinging as she grinned. "I'm always graceful. Missy is the klutz and she's inside with the boys," she quipped back. "You should see me on the slopes."

"God help the other skiers."

Debbie chuckled. "They get out of my way quickly enough so they're safe."

Kristen didn't respond but continued to look up at the stars.

"What's on your mind baby sis?"

"Mikhail?"

"You mean that hunk of a man you're completely in love with?"

Kristen shook her head. "I don't know him."

"I don't think the heart plays jeopardy with one's life mate. It sort of decides for you, doesn't it?"

There was a long pause while Kristen contemplated her sister's statement. "I suppose that's true. But that doesn't mean I have to follow him."

"Wouldn't it be better for Victoria if you at least lived with him? She's a pretty confused little girl right now."

Kristen's head dropped to her chest. "I know. She's been wonderful, but I need to be careful or she's going to be hurt."

"You need to watch out for yourself too." Debbie waited for a moment, the silence absorbing their thoughts. "But you need to watch out for yourself first."

"I'm trying."

"What's the issue?"

"I don't trust him, Deb."

"What's not to trust?" she turned slightly to face her younger sister. "You told me the woman who caused this problem in the past has been in jail. Isn't she going on trial for a felony? Messing with someone's mail isn't a nice thing to do."

"There are lots of issues with that and a good lawyer could get around the felony charges."

"Aren't Mikhail's lawyers better?"

Kristen shrugged. "She's not really the problem though."

Debbie chuckled and took a sip of her own tea. "I know that. You're just dancing around the subject you don't really want to face."

Kristen grimaced and turned to face her sister. "If you're so smart, what would you suggest I do?"

"I don't really understand what the problem is. You're married to the guy, you love him, your daughter loves him. Seems like a pretty simple issue to resolve. Just jump in bed with the guy and let the rest take over."

"The rest," Kristen countered, "is what got me into this situation in the first place."

"How so?"

"We never talked. I don't understand why he's so prickly at times. And why in the world would a man from St. Petersburg hate the cold like Mikhail does? I would think it would be normal for him. Even comforting in some odd sort of way. A bit reminiscent of his homeland."

"Have you asked him?"

Kristen was quiet, wondering if she'd ever find the courage to jump back into a relationship with Mikhail and find the answers to her questions. "I never did in the past."

"Why not?"

"Because every time I tried to talk to him, he'd make love to me. And then he was working so much that I'd only see him when he came to bed and night, and then we'd have sex until I was so exhausted I couldn't see straight."

Beth giggled and shook her head. "No wonder Tory came along so quickly."

"Stop it," Kristen nagged, smacking her sister lightly on the shoulder. "I'm serious."

"I'm sorry," she replied, turning serious. "Why don't you just talk to him?"

"I did. About three weeks ago, the day he showed up, I put the ultimatum to him that I wouldn't jump into bed with him until I understood him better."

"And how did that turn out?"

Kristen snorted. "Well, we haven't had sex."

"But not for lack of him trying?" Debbie asked, and Kristen could hear the smile in her sister's question.

Kristen shook her head. "Did I mention that part about what happens each time I try to talk to Mikhail?"

"Okay, so maybe try to talk to him while you're out to dinner or someplace public so he can't attack you?"

She thought about that for a moment, then nodded. "What would I say?"

"You could start with telling him that you love him. I know he's been dying to hear that from you."

"But then he wins."

"There's no winning in relationships. There are only losers."

"Well, I definitely don't want to be a loser."

"Definitely not."

"So you think I should just jump in and ask him why he is the way he is?"

"Do you know of a better way?"

"I could send him a text."

"That's the coward's way out and you've never been a coward. Besides, I don't think I've ever seen the man holding a cell phone or blackberry. Doesn't he have fifty assistants who tell him what is happening with his business interests?"

"More than that," she said grimly.

"I don't know about you, but personally, I really wouldn't like one of his assistants telling him that his wife wants to get to know him better."

"You have a very good point there, big sis."

"You should jump his bones first though."

Kristen laughed and shook her head. "I think I should get to know him first. I tried it the other way around first."

"Yes, but you know you can ask for anything when a man is satisfied. I bet you could even ask for a diamond necklace...or three or four, after you've had sex."

"You're horrible," she laughed, standing up and stretching. "We should go back inside and rescue our husbands from our children."

"Really?" Debbie replied reluctantly. "I don't think they've had enough of a taste of their children."

"You know Jim is probably pulling his hair out by now."

"No he's not," Debbie said as she pushed open the door to her house. "He's probably sitting in front of the television with a beer."

"Nope, tonight Mikhail brought scotch so they're sipping thirty year old brew right about now."

"Ugh. Mikhail is spoiling my man. I can't let him get used to the good life. Otherwise there will be no living with him."

Mikhail listened as their voices faded into the house, absorbed by the chaos of children playing, women chatting and the television broadcasting a football game.

"So are you going to give her the diamond necklaces?" Jim asked, chuckling as he took another sip of the scotch.

Mikhail smiled slightly and shook his head. "I never kiss and tell." A warmth was invading him in ways he didn't understand, but wasn't about to fight. It felt good knowing that the woman he'd trusted so many years ago continued to prove that his judgment had been right on target with that woman. She was perfect. He liked that she'd laughed at the diamond necklaces comment. In fact, he'd tried to give her one when they'd first been married but she'd made him return it. Apparently signs of wealth made his wife feel ostentatious.

"You just haven't been around us long enough. Stick around, dude. We'll convert you. Besides, me and Tony would really like to be spoiled by you even if you're wife doesn't like it. Harmon and Greg probably would as well, but they're holding out until their baby sister gives them the sign that you're okay. They like you though. No worries there."

Mikhail frowned as Jim walked back inside to supervise his children. He knew Jim was joking because, no matter what he offered to help out this family, he'd been rebuffed. Apparently, they preferred making it on their own, a trait he sincerely respected and his respect for his brothers' in law grew by leaps and bounds the longer he hung around them. They were completely different from his executives who were as cutthroat as he was. But Jim and Tony were general contractors had an innate sense of honesty that was invaluable, and what kept their customers coming back to them time and again for home renovations. Greg was an accountant who still hadn't settled down with a woman, but loved kid-sitting all of his nieces and nephews, demanding equal time. Harmon, the second oldest brother who had two kids and was married to Laura, was a computer guy who owned his own company, creating software for various businesses around the city.

Mikhail could see Tory as she played blocks with one of her older cousins so he wasn't concerned at the moment but he wasn't willing to look far away from her. He'd missed too many of these nights watching his daughter and he enjoyed her innocent wonder with even the smallest change to her world.

The dilemma with his wife wasn't good though. He was relieved that she still loved him and was at least willing to admit it to her sister. But that didn't help him a great deal. He still wanted her with an intensity that discouraged any kind of communication. And trying to get that need out of his system hadn't work in the past. He'd tried hard to get enough of her lovely body during the first six months of their marriage and hadn't succeeded. In fact, it had gotten worse as he got to know her body, learned her likes and dislikes, of which there were very few dislikes when it came to him touching her, he thought.

Damn! He wanted her right now as he watched her walk up the stairs to the large great room of her sister's house. He frowned into the darkness as he contemplated the conversation he'd just overheard. He hadn't meant to be eavesdropping, but he'd already been out here watching Kristen before her sister had come out. And when they'd started discussing him, there had been no way he'd back out. Jim had heard the last of the conversation, having come outside for a few moments of fresh air so he hadn't heard the beginning, only the part about the sex and the necklaces.

A part of him thought he should be angry at Kristen for talking to her sister instead of her husband. But the rest of him felt good that she had a confidant, especially one that was on his side advising her to re-engage their sex life, to put it in a nicer way than she had.

Kristen looked around and Mikhail noticed she was trying not to be noticed doing that. He smiled as he realized she didn't want him to know that she was looking for him.

She loved him. That realization made losing past three years feel a bit better.

Kristen watched as Mikhail walked into the great room from the deck, worriedly calculating how far he might have been from the swing she'd been on earlier. Had he heard what she'd said? She fervently hoped not. That conversation had been for Debbie's ears only.

"Tory, don't put that in your mouth, honey." She extracted the large block anyway, knowing that her daughter would still feel the need to stuff the wooden block into her mouth simply because her cousin told her she couldn't.

When Mikhail walked up and plucked her into the air, Kristen stepped back, slightly dizzy from his proximity. "Where did you come from?" she asked.

"From the kitchen. Dinner is almost ready I understand."

Kristen looked around his tall frame to see that her mother was putting the chili onto the counter as well as the toppings. "I guess you're right."

"You look beautiful tonight, by the way."

Kristen flushed and her hand automatically moved to smooth down her hair. "I look a mess," she argued.

"You look lovely. I like that sweater on you."

Kristen glanced down at the bright green sweater, then back up at him suspiciously. "Why are you complimenting me?"

"Can't a man compliment his wife?"

Her eyes narrowed and she stepped slightly closer. "You know we're not thinking in those terms," she whispered harshly.

"I am," he said and bent down quickly to kiss her.

The movement was over before she could react and he was walking away with Victoria laughing with her tiny hands covering her mouth over his shoulder as he walked in the opposite direction.

Kristen's fingers shook as she lightly touched her lips. She wanted to lick them, to taste him and feel his arms around her as he kissed her more thoroughly. But she held back, wanting to be firm about getting to know him before she slipped back into their old relationship.

They'd both been hurt, but he hadn't trusted her enough to find out where she'd gone. He'd thought the worst of her and that hurt just as much as the fact that he hadn't been there for so many years and so many crises. She wasn't guiltless either. She hadn't understood him enough to know why her absence had created his reaction so it was in her best interests to get him to tell her about his past so she could avoid future problems.

With a sigh, she bent down and picked up the blocks now that all the kids had stampeded to the kitchen for their dinner. Tossing the blocks into the plastic container, she shoved the whole thing back into its place on the shelf, safely out of tripping distance.

Dinner was a festive, if mostly crazy event. The kids ate quickly, then rushed off to play with their toys again. The adults sat at the table as they ate and joked about everything. After dinner, the men picked up the dishes and cleaned the whole kitchen, including Mikhail although he looked a bit confused as to where to put all the dishes. The other guys had already been in the house and knew where everything went but they just nudged him towards the correct cabinet and Mikhail figured out the rest.

That night, tucking Tory into bed, Kristen wanted to stay by her daughter's bedside for as long as she could. Staring at the little curls as they tumbled across the pillow, Kristen realized that she was terrified of being alone with Mikhail.

"Come on out, Kristen," his deep voice said from behind her.

She stood up and turned, seeing him in the doorway with the light from the hallway shining around him, making his face unreadable in the shadows.

She stepped out into the hallway and Mikhail closed the bedroom door slightly.

She tried to step out into the family room, but he pulled her into his arms, his mouth covering hers before she could protest.

After about half a second, she didn't want to protest any longer. She felt good in his arms again. She'd desperately missed feeling his strength surrounding her and making her feel pretty and feminine. Her face instantly turned up to kiss him back, her arms wrapping around his shoulders as she stood on her toes to feel him against her body.

His fingers dove into her hair from behind, tilting her head back so he had better access while his other hand wrapped around her waist, pulling her more tightly against his long, muscular length.

With a groan, she melted even more into his arms and he took that as permission to continue.

Mercilessly, he kissed her, making her dizzy with desire and the need for him to touch her. She wanted to touch him as well, her hands moving over his body, unbuttoning his shirt with frantic fingers, then pushing it off of his massive shoulders. When she felt his warm, smooth skin on his shoulders, she sighed with relief and moved down his arms, feeling the muscles flex under her fingertips, jumping whenever she moved to a new place.

She'd missed this, feeling this alive, this hot and bothered to have a man touch her and touch him back. She'd spent way too many nights thinking back to their nights together and she didn't want to miss it again.

Her fingers fumbled with the belt on his jeans and she almost cried when she couldn't get the buckle undone quickly enough. But he pushed her hands away and did it himself, then brought her fingers back when he'd undone the device.

She sighed happily when her fingers felt his stomach, reveling in the ridges and muscles as she unbuttoned the top, then slowly lowered the zipper, her anticipation at what she would find making her hold her breath.

When she released him and he was fully in her hands, she wrapped her fingers around his length, once again amazed at how large he was, how long and thick. Even with both hands, she couldn't cover his entire erection and she closed her eyes, shuddering with anticipation.

Mikhail endured her gentle, teasing touch for as long as he could but when he heard her shuddered intake of breath, he couldn't take it any longer. He pulled her hands away and pushed her back onto the bed, following her down but holding himself above her with his arms.

"My turn," he growled and with one swift stroke, he ripped the green sweater over her head, tossing it behind him, uncaring that it landed on top of the rocking chair in the corner. He didn't have as much trouble with her jeans as she'd had with his and within moments, they were gone, tossed behind him somewhere. As he stared down at her, he looked at the woman with the black lace bra and matching underwear, wanting both to continue looking at her while at the same time, plunging himself into her heat and finding the release that only she could give to him.

Instead, he bent down and unsnapped the front closure of her bra, releasing her magnificent breasts from their enclosure. When the lace was pushed away, he couldn't resist the allure of her pink nipples, already hard and begging for attention.

When he took the first one in his mouth, he smiled as she arched into him, pushing her breast deeper. He sucked and nibbled, blew on the wetness left by his mouth and teased her until she was pushing his head away. Only then did he move on to the next breast, giving it the same attention. This time, when she pushed him away, she pulled him back to the previous nipple and for a long moment, he gave in to her demands. But it wasn't enough. He wanted it all and she was slowing him down on his ultimate reward.

When his hands moved to her thighs, she didn't hesitate in opening to him, her legs moving against his thighs, his waist and he accepted the invitation, moving closer to her, but not giving her what she wanted. Not yet anyway.

He continued to kiss her, moving to her neck, her shoulder, then back to her mouth, teasing her and delving into her sweetness until she wrapped her legs around his waist, her hips moving upwards, demanding that he fill her up.

He didn't wait for a second invitation. When he smelled her, felt her wetness, the waiting was over. He couldn't have teased her anymore if he'd had a gun to his head. Thankfully, it was only the softness of her pillows surrounding his head at the moment and he pulled her legs higher a moment before he plunged into her warmth, feeling her body close around his erection and he groaned with how good she felt.

He heard her rapid breathing, smiled slightly before starting the age old rhythm and moved slowly at first, then picking up speed as he heard her sharp gasps, pressing her harder, faster, making her body jump to his timing. She was almost there, he knew and he wanted her to scream out like she used to when he took her in the past, but at the last minute, he remembered that Victoria was in the other room. With one more thrust, he covered her mouth with his own and took her scream in his mouth, pounding as he felt her climax overtake her, enclose him more tightly and he gritted his teeth in an effort to continue the incredible pleasure. But in the end, her climax brought him over the edge and he couldn't hold back any longer, joining her as they splintered apart together.

For a long time later, he held her in his arms, stroking her hair as their breathing came back to normal. He felt her shiver and pulled the covers up over their naked bodies, enjoying the way she curled up in his arms, wrapping herself around him a moment before she fell asleep with her head cradled on his shoulder.

Chapter 6

"Move in with me," Mikhail said the following morning, the grey dawn starting to lighten the horizon through the curtains that she'd forgotten to close the previous night.

"I can't, Mikhail," she said and pulled out of his arms.

"You will," he said after a long moment.

"Yes, that's probably true. And I realize that I'm sending out mixed signals, but I'm not really sure what I feel any longer."

"You love me,"

She was startled for a moment, but nodded. "Yes. I do. But that doesn't make our relationship any stronger." She stepped out from beneath the covers and quickly grabbed her warm robe, needing a bit of space between them to get her head in the right place.

"You love me. That's all I need to know." He started to reach for her, to pull her back into bed so he could make love to her again but she was too fast for him.

She quickly stepped out of his reach. "But do you love me? Do you trust me? Will you promise that no matter what I do, no matter what happens in the future, you'll always love me and trust me?"

He looked away from her, rubbing his hands over his face and feeling the night's growth of beard. "I can't promise that," he said. "I won't."

"I'm not asking for blind loyalty, Mikhail. I'm asking that you trust me and not put us through the last three years again. I'm asking to get to know you and find out why you are like you are, and for you to know me better. So that if someone like Ellen ever enters our lives again, you'll come to me first and ask questions, find out why I've done something."

"I trust you now. Let's just take it one step at a time." He started to reach for her again, but Kristen stepped away again, not daring to let him touch her because she knew she'd melt in his arms just like she had the night before. It was taking every ounce of her control right now to not jump back into his arms and throw herself at him.

"We can't do it that way. We tried it your way once. How about if we do it my way for a little while and see where this leads?"

"What would your way be?"

"Let's get to know each other."

"I won't tell you about my past," he said adamantly, his gaze hard and unflinching.

"Why not?"

"Because it's over and done with," he said and picked up his jeans, sliding them on despite the cold air in the house. "Kristen, we're married and we have a daughter together. Tomorrow I have a meeting with a real estate agent to look for a new house because this one is too small."

"You're moving here to Minnesota?" She was so surprised she felt just a bit numb.

"Of course I'm moving here. You had trouble in New York so I'm moving my headquarters here. I'll still have to travel but I plan to start delegating most of my responsibilities out to subordinates."

She smiled. "Mikhail, that's a nice sentiment, but I don't think you know how to relax. Or to delegate for that matter."

He moved closer, pressing her back against the wall. "You're doubting me?"

"Doubting is a strong word. I don't doubt your commitment to Victoria any longer. But I think you're trying to do something that your innate personality might not let you do."

"You don't know how strong willed I can be," he said as his hands moved up her hips to her waist, sliding inside her robe and making her wiggle and gasp.

"I do! I know exactly how determined and strong willed you can be! That's not the issue."

"The issue is that you want to know me. And I'm here to let you know me. We'll take it at your pace. For a while."

"And if my pace isn't fast enough for you?"

He smiled as his hand reached up and cupped her breast, ignoring her hand that gripped his wrist. "Then I'll just have to figure out a way to speed up your pace."

With that, he stepped back and picked up his shirt, buttoning it quickly. He didn't glace back as he walked out the front door, disappearing into the darkness of the early morning winter cold.

Kristen took a deep breath and locked the door, pressing her forehead against the wood as she tried to get her body back under control. It was going to be a long day, she thought as she turned up the heat and headed into her bedroom for a long overdue shower.

Chapter 7

The knock on the door made Kristen roll over in bed and sigh. "Not again," she said to the cold air surrounding the warm cocoon of blankets her body was encased in. There was no other word to describe Minnesota winter mornings but 'painful'. The air was so cold at times that it didn't just condense one's breath, it froze it as it came out of one's mouth or nose.

And now her winter loving neighbor was standing outside her door. He hadn't done this in a couple of weeks because he'd been up at his homemade shack ice fishing, a sport she couldn't understand as enjoyable in any way but he seemed to love it. Drilling a hole in two feet of ice to catch a starving fish and yank them up on a painful hook sounded horrid just at the beginning. But apparently the enjoyment was the anticipation of the catch, Bob had explained repeatedly in his attempt to entice her into joining him.

Like she needed that kind of torture, she grumbled, irritated that he was now disturbing her anticipation of sleeping in on a Saturday morning after a painfully stressful week. Didn't he know what was going on over here? She knew he watched her house, which would be creepy except that Bob watched everyone's house. The man was lonely and didn't have a family.

Probably because he spent too much time ice fishing she thought as she swung her legs over the side of her bed and searched for her slippers. Cold feet did not touch cold floors, she knew. Especially on a freezing morning and at...she glanced over at the clock and sighed...six o'clock in the morning.

This was too early, she grumbled as she went down the hallway, tying her robe around her waist and pushing her hair out of her face as it flopped back down over her forehead. "That man better have a really good reason for getting me up so early on a Saturday when there are sub zero temperatures out there."

Mikhail had been here every night for dinner, spending time with Victoria and driving her nuts with his constant presence. After she'd been tucked into bed, he never failed to try and entice her into her own bed, with him as her interactive heater.

She'd done that once, she reminded herself. And no progress had been made. She wouldn't be a fool twice! She had to stand her ground, to get him to trust her. To help him realize that she wasn't some bimbo who was out for his money but that she was a genuine partner he could rely on in a crunch.

She peeked through the peep hole just to make sure and there stood Bob, the only thing showing besides a mass of winter clothing was his face which was grinning stupidly.

"How does he know I'm standing here?" she thought irritably as she unbolted the door and released the chain.

As the door swung open, the scent of cinnamon wafted to her, further waking her up. "Okay, that's a good enough reason," she said out loud as she realized that Bob was holding not just hot, freshly brewed coffee, but also an apparently warm container with what she suspected were cinnamon rolls.

"Kristen! I'm so glad you're up!" he said and pushed his way into the house. "Feels great in here!" he said as he set the container onto the counter with his oven mitts, then proceeded to untangle himself from all the winter clothes he'd donned prior to walking across the street to her house. "I hope you're hungry. I woke up this morning and just felt like baking."

"Far be it for me to stop you from baking," she said as she peered under the aluminum foil to peek at whatever he'd made.

"Stop that," he said and smacked her hand away. "I have to put the icing on before you can see," and sure enough, out of one of his gigantic pockets came a huge container of something white that sloshed slowly against the side as he moved it.

Kristen moved away quickly when he stepped in front of her so she resigned herself to being "surprised" and moved over to the thermostat. It was programmed to a lower temperature overnight to save energy and money, but since she was up earlier than normal, it hadn't reached 'habitable' yet. She cranked the temperature up to a cozy sixty-six degrees then put the coffee on to percolate.

She watched in fascination as Bob poured a thick layer of white icing all over the top of the warm cinnamon rolls, the heat of the rolls melting the icing and turning it clear as it drizzled down into all the little crevices, enhancing the scent even further.

By the time he was finished, Kristen's mouth was already watering. When a tiny little head peeked around the corner, Kristen laughed and shook her head. "Not until you have some fruit, sweetie," she said to Victoria, whose mischievous smile immediately disappeared. "And you need your slippers."

Victoria disappeared and Kristen heard her feet running down the hallway in search of her slippers. How that child could walk around on hard wood floors in this kind of cold was beyond Kristen, but she knew it was a rule that she must have something on her feet at all times during the winter, even if she tried to sneak around without them. Kids just loved having their toes free, she supposed.

A moment later, Victoria reappeared and climbed into her chair, waiting patiently as Kristen cut up an apple into bite sized pieces. Victoria ate the pieces as fast as her mother put them on her plate, knowing she'd get a treat for breakfast after the pain of having some nutrition was overcome.

"Where were you Bob? I haven't seen you around lately," Kristen said as she ate her own apple, smiling after Bob refused one himself.

"Fishing, of course," he said as he reached up into a cabinet for three plates. He then proceeded to regale Victoria and Kristen with tales of his fishing expeditions and all the fish he'd caught. Thankfully he saved the gory details until they were finished with their amazingly delicious and perfectly sweet cinnamon rolls.

When the doorbell rang at seven o'clock, she just assumed it was one of her siblings and went to answer it. The sun was fully up by now and the house was much warmer than it had been the last time she opened the door. Unfortunately, the air outside her home wasn't so warm so when she opened it to see Mikhail on her doorstep, she simply reached out, grabbed him by the middle of his jacket and pulled him inside before slamming the door behind him.

The stunned look on his face was almost comical but she simply shrugged. "Too cold for niceties," she explained as she gripped the folds of her flannel robe more tightly around herself.

Mikhail couldn't believe he was literally being dragged into the house. It was brutally cold outside and, as he looked down at her, he liked the way she looked all warm and cozy, as if she'd just gotten out of bed. He wanted to pull her into his body, to find her warmth and heat himself up with her.

Then he took another look at her.

"What the hell are you wearing?" he demanded, taking in her plaid, flannel robe that covered her from her neck all the way down to her toes. Toes which he couldn't see because she had some sort of hideous looking slippers on. Also plaid. A plaid that didn't match her robe.

As she walked into the kitchen, he caught sight of what was underneath the robe and was astonished to see some sort of flannel pants. Which also didn't match the robe.

Kristen turned back to face him, suddenly self conscious of her pajamas and tattered robe. She refused to let him see that though and pulled her shoulders back as if she were wearing silk like she used to wear with him. Although, now that she thought about it, the silk she'd put on for bed had rarely stayed on. He'd torn several of her negligees off. Not that she'd minded at the time.

Looking up into his eyes, she could tell that he was remembering the same thing.

"Don't do it," she said, and put a hand out to ward him off in case her warning didn't sink in fast enough.

"Don't do what?" he asked, taking a step forward, pressing her back up against the wall of her tiny foyer.

"Don't do what I know you're thinking about doing?"

"What might I be thinking, Kristen?" he asked softly, his voice now husky with the desire that was also lighting his eyes.

"It doesn't matter what you're thinking. Because Victoria is in the kitchen."

"Victoria can wait a moment," he said as his head slowly started to descend, his intention obvious.

"So is Bob!" she gasped as his hands started to circle her waist.

That stopped him cold and his head came up a fraction of an inch. "I hope Bob is some sort of dog or pet," he replied ominously.

Kristen couldn't help the giggle that escaped at the idea of describing Bob as a pet. "In a way," she said, relieved that the sexual tension had now been broken. His hands were still burning holes through her embarrassing robe, but at least he wasn't about to kiss her. Which she knew wouldn't stop at a kiss.

"Bob is my neighbor."

He hesitated for a moment as he absorbed that information. "And he's in your house at seven o'clock in the morning?"

"Of course."

Mikhail could feel the jealousy burning in his gut but then stopped himself. Remembering this feeling from when she'd first left, the nights when he pictured Kristen in some other man's arms, doing to her what he'd always done to her, what he wanted to do to her and images that had torn him up, driven him insane. And all that time, she'd actually been struggling to keep their unborn child alive, or to shuttle her to school or to ballet classes or some other event. Tamping down the jealousy, he took a deep breath, his hands unconsciously clenching her waist as he tried to remain calm.

"I fail to understand why it should be so obvious that a man should be in my wife's house so early on a Saturday morning."

Kristen watched with amazement as he looked down at her. For the first time in their relationship, she could see the emotions crossing his face. She was stunned to realize that Mikhail, the man she'd always thought was emotionless, who only showed mild amusement at times or passion when during sex, was actually jealous. Her heart sung with hope as she watched him fight the feelings, and actually struggle to remain in control.

"Bob's just a friend and he brought over delicious cinnamon rolls that are still warm. Would you like one?" she asked, stepping away and moving into the kitchen.

Mikhail watched as his wife walked into her cozy kitchen filled with early morning sunshine that was intensified by reflecting off of the newly fallen snow. Her cheeks were rosy and her hair still tumbled around her shoulders while his daughter was laughing happily at whatever some giant of a man was telling her.

The man in question was probably six feet tall and built like a line backer. Mikhail was still taller and broader, but the man obviously was making a play for his family. The look in Bob's eyes as he watched Kristen walk into the room showed that he was just as hungry for her body as Mikhail was.

A new feeling, something that felt slightly different than jealousy roared to life inside his chest. It wasn't exactly jealousy and as he watched the man jump up and make room for Kristen, Mikhail realized that this was outright possessiveness. Another new feeling and this one wasn't so uncomfortable. He leaned against the entryway, waiting until the man realized he was here. It took several moments because he really only had eyes for Kristen, his gaze following her as she moved to the kitchen cabinets and took down another plate before putting a cinnamon roll on it.

"Daddy!" Victoria's voice cried out and she immediately wiggled off her chair and raced the two feet separating them, throwing herself against his legs and hugging them since that was all she could reach at the moment.

Mikhail reached down and lifted her into his arms, hugging her and kissing her gently on her cheek. "Good morning, sunshine."

She kissed him right back, her little peck making his heart swell with pride and something else that was painful in how it overwhelmed him for a moment.

"Who's this?" the large, gruff man with out of control facial hair said as he stood up and moved closer to Kristen.

Mikhail understood the silent message. The crazy man actually thought he was protecting Kristen from him. For a moment, he'd considered being kind. But since this man was trying to lay claim to something Mikhail would never allow him to own, he had to step in and assert himself.

Kristen interrupted before he could reply. "Bob, this is Mikhail. He's from St. Petersburg originally. I don't really know where I could say you live. I guess New York most of the time? Are you still there?"

"I still have a penthouse although not the one we lived in, if that's what you mean."

Bob glanced between Kristen and himself, trying to figure out what was going on. "St. Petersburg, huh? So you're a native of our fair state? I wouldn't have thought so from the look about you and that accent."

Mikhail's cold, stony look moved from Kristen to Bob before he lifted an eyebrow slightly. "St. Petersburg is currently in Russia, so no, I'm not a native of your area."

Bob's chest puffed up from the subtle insult. "Sorry for the mistake. Personally, I haven't seen any reason to leave here. Too much to do all year long. Been ice fishing lately?" he said, his enthusiasm replacing the possessiveness.

"I haven't had the honor of trying that...sport," Mikhail replied, implying in a not so subtle way that ice fishing shouldn't be considered a sport.

Bob immediately took the hint. "It's great, but I wouldn't expect a foreigner to understand the challenge. It takes a great deal of patience and understanding of the winter fish that might be out there. Anglers really need to know how to go about it to be successful."

Mikhail shrugged slightly before saying, "I guess I'll just have to live with the regret of never knowing the satisfaction of ripping a starving animal out of its winter habitat so that I can spill it's guts onto a well used wooden table and fry up the remains for dinner."

Bob took up the gauntlet, actually taking a step forward. Kristen stepped in front of him, stopping his forward momentum and placed a calming hand in the middle of his chest.

"Bob, don't let him get to you," she said in a soft voice. "He's just trying to be annoying," she replied, glaring at Mikhail over her shoulder.

Victoria put her pudgy hands on Mikhail's cheeks, turning his attention to her. "Daddy, if you want a cinnamon roll, you have to have fruit first. That's momma's rule."

Mikhail smothered a chuckle and glanced at Kristen, but unable to turn his face since his daughter wouldn't allow it. "Do you have any fruit I could eat?"

Bob was still trying to make sense of the situation. "Kristen, who is this guy? And why is he over here so early in the morning?"

She sighed as she considered different ways to explain Mikhail's presence without hurting Bob's feelings. "Mikhail is.." she started to say but Mikhail interrupted.

"I'm her husband. So I think it's more appropriate that I ask what you're doing in my wife's kitchen so early in the morning."

Bob wasn't about to back down, having staked his claim a long time ago and not willing to relinquish it to a man who just happened to show up in "his" woman's kitchen "I come here a lot. Early in the morning or in the evenings," he emphasized. "I make them breakfast sometimes, or dinners when they're around. I fix anything in the house that might be broken and I watch out for the two little ladies. Seems to me, I've got more cause to question a guy who hasn't been around for so many years."

"My daddy is very busy," Victoria explained. "But he's here now and he's going to be here all the time, just like all the other daddies. He's going to be here for dinner and breakfast and he's going to watch my ballet and teach me to play baseball," she smiled up at him, "Aren't you?"

"That's right, sladkaya," he said, feeling excited at all the possibilities.

Bob chewed on his mustache for a long moment, considering how to handle this news. In the end, he decided a tactical retreat was best, for the moment. "I can see that you have company," he said to Kristen. "I'll get out of your way but call me if you need anything." He picked up his coat, hat and gloves. "Anything at all and I'll be here for you."

A moment later, he was gone, leaving behind the scent of cinnamon and pipe smoke. A comforting scent, but not what really drove Kristen to distraction. She wasn't sure what it was about Mikhail that smelled so alluring, but whatever it was, it completely topped the smells of Bob.

The door slamming brought her back to the present and she blinked, looking down at her hands. One was clenched into a fist while the other was still holding the rapidly cooling cinnamon roll. Looking up at Mikhail, she placed the plate carefully onto the table. "That was completely unnecessary. Bob is a very nice gentleman."

"I don't care if he's sainted by the Pope, I don't like another man being in my wife's house."

"Bob is harmless."

"No he's not."

"He's just a good friend," she said and pulled Victoria out of his arms, placing her on the floor. "Run and get dressed, honey. You have ballet class in an hour and we still need to do your hair. Maybe your daddy would like to try that out, huh?" she said, in retribution for the jealousy.

Victoria grinned happily up at her father, completely oblivious to the adult undercurrents. "Would you really daddy?" She didn't wait for a response but instead raced out of the room and into her bedroom to quickly change into her stockings and leotard.

When she was gone, Mikhail turned back to face Kristen, leaning down towards her. "Bob," he said with disgust, "wants you almost as much as I do. So don't even try to convince me he's harmless."

"That's ridiculous. Bob has been coming over for breakfast or dinner ever since we moved in here after Victoria's birth. He's never made any moves on me, nor indicated any intentions in that direction."

"Then he's a bigger idiot than I'd thought."

She spun around and glared at him. "He's a very nice man who has been extremely helpful. Unlike you, he's been here when I needed him."

"How could a man like that be helpful?"

"When I had a bad night with Victoria, Bob was here in the afternoons to give me a little extra sleeping time. He fed her and played with her. And he really does fix just about anything in the house that's broken. Can you do all that?"

"I'm here now. Let's not rehash the past with issues that I can't change. As for fixing things, I can damn well hire someone to fix anything you need, except for having sex with you, which is what Bob was really trying to get. If you think otherwise, then you're fooling yourself and are oblivious to that man's looks."

"He doesn't look at me any differently than you do."

"Exactly," he said with emphasis. "And I don't want the man's damn cinnamon roll," he said, taking the plate and the rest that were in the pan and dumping them into the trash can.

"Why did you throw them out? That's good food!"

He sighed and put the pan and plate onto the counter. "Kristen, you've got to stop thinking about money. I've already transferred five hundred thousand dollars into your checking account and set up a trust fund for Victoria. Neither one of you will ever need for money again. You can quit your job if you'd like and I'll set you up with a monthly allowance so you can do whatever the hell it is one does in this frigid state besides freeze one's ass off."

By the time he was finished she was shaking with anger at his assumption that he could simply dump money onto them. "Take your money back! And I'm not quitting my job. It's a ridiculous thing to even suggest since I'm the boss."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean," she emphasized by poking him in the middle of his chest with each word, "I was a good lawyer before we met and I'm a very good lawyer now. I have my own law practice, set my own hours and make sure that I take only the clients that I can respect."

"How did you set all that up while still raising our daughter?"

"I'm a very good lawyer and my boss from New York apparently was trying to buy favor with you by giving me a recommendation. That allowed me to get some high profile clients initially. I'm not swamped and working twenty hour days like I was in New York, but I do well enough. We don't have a lot to throw away," she said, glancing down at the wasted rolls in the trash, "but we do well enough on our own."

"Not anymore. You'll take my money because you can't give it back," he said softly, moving in closer. "And I'm not asking permission to set up a fund for my daughter, which is my right as her father to do. So is this," he said, not giving her a chance to stop him before he swooped down, capturing her lips in a kiss that instantly curled her toes.

Without knowing that she was doing it, her hands were around his neck, her fingers initially tangling in his hair before clenching fists of the short strands in her hands in an effort to bring him closer, or not to let him move away, she wasn't really sure and didn't care. All she cared about was gaining more. More of his heat, more of his kiss, more of his taste.

Mikhail drank of her kiss like a man in a desert. He couldn't get enough of her and it was just as good as it had been before. Better, actually although he wasn't sure how that could be possible. All he knew was that the moment their lips touched, he was out of control with his need to have this woman. He wanted her underneath him, writhing as his body covered hers, filled her and heard her cry out as he gave her release.

When she shivered against him, his hands found the ties to the robe and undid the loose knot. It took him several moments, but eventually his hands were able to work their way through multiple layers of clothing until he finally found bare skin. When he finally did, he groaned into her mouth and deepened the kiss, demanding more, demanding she give in to him and give him everything she had.

Kristen didn't hesitate. The demand was received and accepted. She arched into him, needing to feel him against her just as much. When she felt his hands on her stomach, she gasped and pressed her hips against his own, unknowing that she was now sitting on the counter with her thighs clenching his waist.

She pressed harder, feeling her need deepen, her desire sky rocket as his erection pressed precisely where she needed it. Kristen shifted slightly and moved her hand down to his waist, wanting him to move differently...

"Momma! I can't make it work," Victoria said from the hallway.

Her daughter's voice was like a bucket of cold water on both of them. Kristen jumped off the counter, pushing Mikhail away while she scrambled to tie her robe back around her, ignoring the unbuttoned pajama top that had shifted with Mikhail's hands. She couldn't immediately find her slippers, she bent down, hoping her search would hide her red cheeks.

"Momma, I need help," Victoria said, stepping into the kitchen.

The site that Kristen beheld made her completely forget Mikhail in the background and she had to smother a chuckle as she waved her daughter closer. "Come here, darling. Let's get you straightened out."

Straightening out meant not laughing as she untangled her daughter from her leotard. She'd gotten her stockings on. Sort of. They were on her legs at least. But she'd tried putting her leotard on by starting upside down. How Victoria had gotten her legs into the arm holes and both arms into one leg hole and still be able to walk was beyond Kristen's ability to unpuzzle.

She didn't want to embarrass Victoria with her father behind her, but there was no way around it. She had to take the leotard off, not laughing as she did so. Tiny arms and legs were everywhere, tangled in with the curly hair and silly grin.

It took a few minutes, but the ballet outfit was finally fixed, ballet slippers found, hair pulled up into bun and Kristen took a rapid shower, pulling on a sweatshirt and jeans along with sneakers and warm, thick socks. She was just about to leave her bedroom when she stopped, hand on the door knob and looked at her reflection in the mirror over her dresser. She looked pale and because of the cold, her lips were paler than normal. She rushed back to her bedroom and put on a touch of lipstick. Since that made such a difference, she then dabbed a bit of concealer under her eyes to hide the dark circles. She had slept well last night, but this motherhood thing really wore a person out, hence the dark circles.

A bit of powder, a touch of mascara...then a bit more mascara...perhaps a slight touch of eye shadow to bring out the color in her eyes....She looked much better, but then realized that the high for the day was going to be ten degrees above zero Fahrenheit. For most of the day, she'd be bundled up in coats, hats, gloves and a scarf. The eye shadow she'd put on was purple to make her eyes look more green, but her coat was navy blue, so the color would clash.

With disgust, she thought about rubbing it all off, but she knew she'd already run out of time. She was not trying to impress Mikhail, she told herself firmly. And definitely not since she'd look ridiculous with all this makeup on.

Wiping off the eye shadow, she hurried out of the room.

"Momma! You look pretty!" Victoria said as she raced through the den as soon as Kristen walked in. "Daddy is sure to think so as well," she announced and turned around, slipping her hand into her mother's hand. "Doesn't she look pretty daddy?"

Mikhail was standing up, his long legs stretching in slacks that were casual, but one could still recognize the tailored precision in their perfect cut. "She looks beautiful," he replied, his eyes taking it all in with an amused, knowing look that told her he knew that she'd put on the makeup just for him. But then he glanced down at Victoria and shook his head. "But she's not nearly as pretty as you are, right?"

Kristen's heart melted once again when she heard the perfect words come out of his mouth. Why hadn't she tried harder to keep him in Victoria's life early on? They'd both missed out on so much, just because she'd been hurt and jealous of Mikhail's dedication to his work. She'd been petty and mean and if she could do it all over again, she would.

"We have to go or she'll be late for ballet class," Kristen said, clearing her throat before turning to grab coats and hats. "Come on Tory. We need to hurry." She couldn't look at Mikhail, afraid he would know what she was thinking. She wanted to be subtle. She wanted to be oblivious to him. She wanted him to be involved with Victoria, but not hurt either of them if he decided to leave. So why was she primping for him? Why was her heart speeding up at the memory of their kiss only thirty minutes ago?

"Come on, love," she said and herded Victoria to the doorway, stuffing her into her winter gear then out to the car.

"Are you coming with us?" she asked over her shoulder, still unable to look him in the eye. "We have to pick up the others before class too," she explained, referring to the cousins and neighbors that she car pooled to and from ballet class.

"I'm driving," he said and plucked the keys out of her hand.

She started to object, but then stopped herself. Let him try and start that stupid car, she thought with a small amount of vengeance. He'd learn how irritating the stupid contraption could be and wouldn't ask again. It took a bit of finagling to get that temperamental machine to start each morning.

While Kristen strapped Victoria into her car seat, Mikhail remained standing outside the vehicle with a look of revulsion. "Do you really drive a minivan?" he asked, not getting in as he looked at the car as if it were a donkey with a feathered hat.

"Of course I do. There's lots of room, it's easy for Victoria to get in and out of along with all our stuff, it's perfect for the car pools as well. This puppy can fit a lot of kids and their gear." She looked across the hood of the vehicle and almost laughed at his expression. "If your male ego can't handle the drive, I can take my keys back and drive it myself."

He glared back at her. "My male ego would be further offended by being a passenger in a minivan." He glanced at it once again and shook his head slightly. "Get in."

She smothered her laughter and got into the vehicle. It was odd sitting in the passenger seat, but even more weird to be in the small space with Mikhail. His extremely large body barely fit into the driver's seat and she had a new thought. "Do you even know how to drive?" she asked.

"Of course I know how to drive. Why in the world would you ask that question?"

"Because I've never seen you drive. In New York you were always chauffeured around. I know you had a car in the garage. Several in fact, now that I think about it. But I don't believe you ever drove them."

"I drove them, but only when I was heading out of the city." He turned the key in the ignition and frowned when nothing happened. "I don't have time to deal with the parking and traffic in that area." He tried again, still, nothing happened. The engine refused to turn over.

"Uh oh. I was afraid of this," she said, unbuckling her seat belt. "I'd better call Bob. He always knows how to fix this."

Mikhail ignored her and pulled the lever that would pop the hood. "We're not calling Bob," he almost growled a moment before he got out of the car.

Kristen followed him from her side of the car, coming around and meeting him just as he was propping the hood up. "Listen, I understand about men and their vehicles but we really don't have time to waste here. Bob can fix this in five minutes. He just jiggles something and it starts again. He told me to get the starter fixed but I just haven't had time or the money yet so..." the words faded off as she watched in fascination as Mikhail unhooked several wires, twisted them around, reattached them to others and reconnected all of them.

"Your solenoid switch is corroded. You need a new one because even cleaning this one is going to cause problems later on." He uncapped something at the front of the vehicle and shook his head. "Your antifreeze is low as well but it should be okay for a while." He stepped back and wiped his hands before slamming the hood. "You need a new car. This is a piece of junk."

With that pronouncement, he walked back to the driver's side, slid into the seat and turned the key. Kristen was still standing by the front of the minivan with her mouth hanging open as she heard her car engine turn over more smoothly than it had in months.

"How do you know to do that?" she asked, racing around the car and sliding into the passenger seat. Victoria was in her car seat, happily singing about a lamb and playing with the tassels on her gloves, oblivious to the astounding realization that her mother had just discovered. Her husband knew how to fix cars?

She watched as Mikhail backed out of her short driveway, patiently waiting for his answer.

"Why would you think I couldn't fix cars?"

She blinked and looked out the front window, sliding her sunglasses on because of the bright sunshine reflecting off of the snow. "Well, perhaps because you've never mentioned doing anything like that before. Or maybe because I've never even see you drive, so why would you be able to fix them?" She waited for a long moment, then prompted, "Did your father teach you how to fix cars?"

"I never knew my father," he said as if that would stop the conversation.

This was news to Kristen. She waited for another long moment, but when it was obvious that he wasn't going to elaborate, she couldn't help but ask more questions, even though she could tell that this was a subject that he didn't want to discuss. In the past, she'd asked questions like that but now that she thought about it, every time she'd brought up a touchy subject, he'd simply kissed her, distracting her from asking anything else. And giving him an excuse to get out of an explanation.

"So your mother raised you?"

He sighed as he stopped at a stop sign. "Which way do I turn?"

"Right. Your mother raised you?" she asked again, refusing to let the subject die. If he was coming back into their lives, she wanted to trust him, to know that he would always be there for them before she could depend on him in an emergency. She wanted to know she could talk to him about anything, but she couldn't if there were all these landmines that could derail their relationship.

"Why is this important to you?" he asked, turning right and heading down the street towards her sister's house.

"Because it's obviously important to you."

"It's important that we change the subject. My past is over. Let it rest and let's just look to the future."

She thought about that for a moment, considering how he might feel about revealing something that was so painful that he couldn't even talk about it. Then she shook her head. "I think it's not over. I think it's still lurking in our future and unless I understand you, understand what made you who you are, then I don't know who you are."

"Yes you do."

She shook her head, watching him carefully. She remembered that tick in his jaw. It was a big red flag that she'd always been afraid to challenge. But she had nothing to lose now. And she'd win him if she challenged it now.

The big question was, did she want him?

She looked back at Victoria who was playing with a stuffed monkey in one hand and a doll in the other, toys she'd pulled out of the bag Kristen kept attached to her car seat for driving around the city. The monkey and the doll were having some sort of conversation which Kristen didn't really understand, but was obviously enthralling for Victoria.

Did she dare to push Mikhail? If she did, would he leave? Or would he shut her out?

When the monkey bent over and kissed the doll, Kristen smiled gently, enjoying her daughter's creativity and exuberance.

Looking back at Mikhail, she gently laid her hand on his forearm. Since it was the first time she'd voluntarily touched him since his return, he immediately glanced down at her hand, then back at her face. "I'd really like to know about your parents. If you have a mind to tell me, I think it's very important to who you are today. And I'd like to genuinely know who you are."

They'd pulled into her sister's driveway by that time. She unlatched her seat belt and slipped out of the car, carefully walking up to the front door and calling inside. The sound that greeted her was a stampede of little ballerinas all charging down the stairway. They chattered noisily as they pulled on their hats and coats, mittens or gloves and grabbed their ballet bags that were stuffed with leggings, ballet slippers and extra hair pins just in case. Calling out greetings, they all rushed out of the house and bundled into the back of the van, calling out greetings to Mikhail as if he had always been around.

Kristen got back in the car and smiled to Mikhail who was looking a bit confused by all the chaos of little girls settling in behind him. When all the seat belts were fastened and greetings exchanged. Kristen gave him directions to the dance studio which was only about three miles down the road.

The rest of the day was a marathon of errands. Kristen kept thinking that Mikhail would bail on her but he persevered through the grocery store where she found out how opinionated he could be about food, the shoe store where Kristen tried to buy Victoria a pair of running shoes but he insisted on buying her several pairs of different colored shoes, and then he dragged them to the mall where he bought her clothes, jeans with sparkles on them and little girl cowgirl boots to match. At the hardware store, he was ominously silent, following her as she picked up new outlet covers, light bulbs and a new nightlight for Victoria's room. She didn't understand what he was thinking, but since she was too rushed, she didn't have time to ask.

Back at the house that afternoon, Victoria ran through the house, trying on her new shoes while Kristen worked in the kitchen. Initially, Mikhail oohed and aahhed about Victoria's shoes and laughed at her excitement. But when she went down for her nap, he peeked into the kitchen to find out what Kristen was doing.

Mikhail watched as Kristen tossed a hand towel over her shoulder and zipped to the pantry, then to the kitchen table that was completely covered in various ingredients, none of which made any sense. As he leaned against the entry way to the kitchen, he watched and took it all in. He couldn't understand her organization, but apparently it was all very well thought out.

"What are you doing?" he asked, arms crossed over his chest.

"I'm making a cake for Victoria's preschool fundraiser tomorrow night," she explained, sighing as she looked around for a place to put the bowl filled with batter.

"We were just at the grocery store a few hours ago."

She shoved several ingredients to the center of the kitchen table, careful that they wouldn't spill and create more work for her, then set the large stainless steel bowl down in the newly cleared space. "I know that. What's your point?"

He watched in amazement as she took two round pans out from a drawer under her stove and sprayed something on them. "My point is..." he emphasized, "why didn't you just buy a cake at the grocery store? Or at one of the bakeries we passed by all day while we were our running all over the place?"

Kristen shook her head. "We can't bring a store bought cake to a cake walk."

He stood there for another long moment, then shook his head. "Okay, I give up. Why can't we buy a cake for a cake walk? And just as a point of reference, what the hell is a cake walk?"

Kristen had to laugh at his confounded expression. He actually looked cute as he stood in her sunny kitchen, completely confused by domestic tasks. Since he'd done so well all day long, she took pity on him and didn't tease him about his lack of knowledge, although she tucked the little piece of information away that he hadn't grown up with fund raisers. "A cake walk is a way for the school to make money. Everyone brings in a cake, decorated in different ways. People buy tickets and....it's sort of like musical chairs except you land on a cake instead of a chair."

He considered her comments as she poured the batter into the two pans, scraping the sides with a plastic spatula. She then handed him the bowl and spatula and turned to put the pans into the oven. "What do I do with this? And what's musical chairs?"

She froze and turned around, astonished that he didn't know what to do with a bowl of cake batter or what the game of musical chairs was. As she looked at him, that vulnerable look was shadowing his handsome features and her mind frantically went through all the possibilities.

She turned to set the timer, then walked over to stand in front of him. "You never made a cake with your mother, did you?" she asked softly.

"No."

Kristen took her finger and scooped up a small bit of batter, then lifted it to his mouth.

He knew exactly what to do with that and Kristen realized she'd made a tactical error in trying to show him a rite of passage for every child. He didn't hesitate with her offering.

Kristen gasped as his warm mouth closed over her finger, his tongue flicking across the end, making her insides melt into liquid heat. "Oh," she said, thinking she should step back but her feet wouldn't move. He didn't let up on her finger either. He put the bowl on the table behind her and took her other hand, dipping her finger into the another section of remaining batter, then doing the same thing to that finger.

Kristen's knees were weak and her body throbbed as his tongue twirled around her finger.

"We can't..." she started to say but he stopped her by covering her mouth with his. Gone was the cake batter but the fire continued to heat as his tongue teased hers, compelling her mouth to open under his just so she could participate and eagerly give back the torment he was bestowing on her.

Within seconds, the cake was forgotten and her arms were wrapped around his, her body pressed against him as she tried hard to meld her soft body into his hard one. He didn't hesitate. His hands dove under her sweater, finding her skin and making her hotter. Within moments, her sweater was yanked over her head and he had her pressed back against the wall as he explored her neck with his mouth and her breasts with his hands.

Kristen closed her eyes in an effort to gain some control but as his hands closed over her breasts, pushing the cotton cup of her bra away, she stopped thinking and moaned as she realized that she'd missed this more than she'd been willing to admit. No one had ever made her this crazy, she remembered.

She didn't even care that they were standing in her kitchen. All that mattered were his hands and his mouth, and his body which was pushing her backwards.

Her own hands pulled his shirt out from the waistband of his slacks, her fingers plunging underneath to discover hard, muscled planes and hot skin. She barely gasped when he lifted her up and pushed her onto the kitchen counter but loved it when he slid between her legs, his hands pulling her hips forward so she was flush with his hardening body.

"I want you!" he growled in her ear and bit her earlobe.

"Don't stop," she whispered when his hand moved up to cup her breast. She leaned forward, pressing herself harder against his hand. When he unsnapped her jeans and pushed them down her legs, she sighed with happiness now that her body was getting what it had wanted so desperately since the previous weekend. A small part of her mind was shocked that she was in her kitchen naked, but she couldn't stop to worry about it, the need so desperate to find fulfillness with Mikhail's body that everything else was pushed to the side.

She felt him fumbling with his own jeans but when he pushed her back and plunged into her, she leaned her head back against the cabinets and groaned at how perfectly he filled her up.

"You feel so good," he said and pulled her forward to the edge of the counter, his hands gripping her hips as he moved inside of her.

Kristen bit her lip, trying hard not to cry out as she almost instantly climaxed, her body so primed for him that she couldn't hold back. As he plunged deeper inside her, his own body screaming for release, she held onto his shoulders as her orgasm swamped her. And when he found his own release, she smothered her laughter in his neck, joy surrounding her as their bodies slowed down slightly.

"I'm going to have to make cakes more often," she sighed, resting her head against his shoulder, loving the way she felt as well as heard his deep, rumbling laughter in response.

"Come with me," he said and picked her up, not giving her a choice in the matter as he carried her into her bedroom. With the door closed, he proceeded to start the whole process over again, enjoying discovering her body once again as she learned more about his after so many years of absence.

A long time later, Kristen raised her head and looked around. "Tory!" she gasped and jumped out of the bed. Racing into the shower, she turned on the water, shivering when only cold water spewed from her ancient pipes. She dove under the water anyway and soaped up her body, trying to get the scent of sex and sweat off since she knew that Victoria would be running into the bedroom any moment now.

Mikhail walked into the bathroom, unashamed of his naked body that was already ready to repeat the process once again. "What's the rush?" he asked and kissed her on her shoulder as she stepped out of the shower.

"Victoria will be running in here in a moment once she completely wakes up from her nap. I don't want her to see us like this."

"She's going to have to get used to not being able to run into our room, Kristen."

She shook her head as she pulled on clothes frantically, tossing his to him as she passed by. "Where's my sweater?" she asked, looking in her drawer for a fresh pair of jeans, not bothering to find the others since she suddenly remembered they were in the kitchen. "And no, we're not repeating this scene."

He swung her up into his arms and she landed against him with a thud. "We will be repeating this, Kristen. You're my wife!"

"That doesn't mean anything!" she said, trying to push away from him. "We don't know each other. We need to understand each other before we dive back into a relationship."

"We're already in a relationship. And you do know me. Didn't we just prove how well we know each other?"

"There's the biblical sense of knowing someone," she said as she slipped out of his arms and pulled on a clean sweater, "and then there's really knowing and understanding each other. I want to know the man I'm married to. I don't know you."

"You're not marrying anyone else, Kristen. I won't let you go."

She stopped as she was just about to pull her hair up into a pony tail. "Then let me get to know you. The real you. The one you won't let anyone else see. Tell me about your past. About the reasons you're so secretive."

"There's nothing to tell."

"I used to think so. But the fact that you let me go so easily, and lots of other little things I'm just starting to realize about you, means that I never really knew you."

"I thought you'd left me."

She put her hands on his chest and stopped, looking up at him and wondering if she dared to ask the question that had been burning in her mind for hours. "Did your mother abandon you when you were younger?"

He looked down at her for a long moment, considering how to answer her. Finally, he shook his head. "My mother isn't relevant."

Kristen sighed as he walked away. He closed the door to the bathroom and a moment later, she heard the water start up. She finished putting her hair up, then slipped on thick socks and padded out of her bedroom. Victoria was already awake and standing in the kitchen, holding Kristen's sweater.

"Momma, why are you wearing a different sweater now?" she asked, her intelligent eyes sweeping across her mother's appearance.

"The other one was itchy," Kristen replied, hiding her face in the oven window as she pretended to check on her cakes.

"Why was it on the floor? You're always telling me not to leave things on the floor," she said.

Kristen couldn't come up with a reply quickly enough. "What do you want for a snack?" she asked.

Victoria dropped the sweater exactly where she'd found it and climbed up into her chair. "Fruit Loops," she said with excitement.

Kristen walked over to the pantry and got down a box of whole grain cereal and poured out some into a bowl. "How's that?" she asked and smothered a chuckle at her daughter's scrunched up nose.

Chapter 8

Monday morning, Kristen rushed through the kitchen, grabbing snacks and lunch bags, briefcase and purse, stuffing items into Victoria's day care bag and others into her own, hoping she was correct in which lunch was her own and which was Victoria's. She'd gotten them mixed up often enough and Kristen really hated eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for lunch with a bag of carrots and box of raisins. "Come on, Tory. We're going to be late."

Victoria shuffled out the door, her face sad and drawn. "Where's daddy?" she asked as Kristen turned to lock the door, her lunch bag dragging on the sidewalk.

"He's already at work, honey. He'll be home for dinner tonight."

"But why wasn't he here for breakfast? All other daddy's are home for breakfast."

Kristen sighed and bent down, forgetting about their hectic schedule for a moment in order to deal with her daughter's confusion and sadness. "You're daddy will be home for some breakfasts, sweety. And other mornings, he'll have to go into work early. Just like in the evenings, he might not always be home for dinner."

"But you're always home for dinner," she argued with childlike logic.

"Yes, but that's because my job isn't as demanding as his."

She considered that for a moment. "What about if he found a new job?"

Kristen tried not to laugh because she could tell that Tory was extremely torn up about this situation. "Your daddy can't find a new job. He's the boss."

"Even bosses can quit, can't they?"

"Not if they own the company."

"Can't he sell it?"

Kristen shook her head. "That's not really who he is, honey. He likes making business deals and creating lots of jobs for people. It's the way his mind works."

"He can change the way he thinks. You're always telling me to think differently if something isn't going my way."

"Yes. And how easy is it for you to change? Remember Bobby Benson last week? He hurt your feelings and you punched him in the arm."

She nodded and looked down at the ground with resignation. "I got in trouble for that."

"Yes, you did. And then two days later, you punched Rebecca."

Victoria sighed. "I got in trouble again."

"My point is, that sometimes it's really hard for someone to change. Your daddy spent the last two weekends with us and he was home for dinner every night last week. But he has things to do. He's trying to change, but we need to give him some time. And we need to be okay when he can't be home with us."

Victoria considered her mother's words carefully, but she wasn't happy with them. "Growing up sucks!" she huffed and turned to head to the car.

Kristen almost laughed at her daughter's outburst but smothered it. She thought about reprimanding her for using the word "sucks" but sighed as she followed her daughter to the car. She couldn't really argue with her. Sometimes life was pretty frustrating.

"Get in the car, honey," Victoria said, searching through her purse to make sure she had her cell phone and office keys.

When she realized that Victoria wasn't moving, she looked up. Then stopped herself, stunned by the sight in front of her.

Gone was the grey minivan that needed a major tune up and new tires. In its place was a shiny new Acura MDX, sparkling gold with tan leather seats. As she got closer, she realized that the keys were lying on the passenger seat with a note. Instantly, she knew that her car hadn't been stolen and a shiny new one accidentally left in it's place. As her fingers opened the driver's side door, she knew that Mikhail had bought her a new car, one that would start up instantly without fiddling with the starter or having that expensive tune up.

As she looked in the back, Victoria's car seat was already installed along with her toy bag.

"Oh my," she said and allowed her hand to slide along the smooth leather.

"It's ours, right momma?" Victoria asked, eagerly climbing into the back seat and checking out her toy bag. She plopped her fanny down into her car seat, happy to have her old stuff in a new space.

Kristen looked at the note, smiling as she read Mikhail's bold scrawl. "Hopefully no starter issues."

She laughed and slid into the driver's seat, picking up the keys and putting it into the ignition. It started up smoothly with no hesitation, no gurgling or any odd sounds.

Victoria had already strapped herself into the car seat so Kristen tossed her briefcase onto the passenger seat and put the car in reverse. Driving down the street this high up was a different experience, not to mention how well the car maneuvered around in the snow. She absolutely loved the car and couldn't wait to call Mikhail and thank him.

Suddenly, something started buzzing on her dashboard. She pressed the flashing light and instantly Mikhail's voice came through.

"How's the new car?" he asked, his deep, silky voice making Kristen's insides melt with the memory of how he'd used it the other day.

"We love it!" Victoria called out from the back seat. "But you weren't home for breakfast. Daddy's should be home for breakfast."

"Tory, we talked about this," she said.

"No, she's right," Mikhail said through the dashboard intercom. "And I'll be home as often as I can. This next month might be a bit strained but you can count on me, cupcake."

Victoria giggled at her new nickname by her father. "Thanks daddy!"

"Look to your right, next to the gear shift. There's a button with a high and low on the top and bottom."

Kristen glanced down and noticed the button. "I see it. What does it do?"

"Just press it to high. And tell me about it when you have time today."

Kristen pressed the button. "Okay. I'll talk to you later."

"Have a good one," and he clicked off.

Kristen worked on negotiating traffic which was abnormally heavy at this time of the morning. Dropping Victoria off was easy since she was so excited to tell her friends about the new car and her new daddy. The rest of the day was just as exhausting as she had court appearances, frantic clients to soothe and new clients to discuss issues with. She picked Victoria up at their normal time, but she was distracted, trying to figure out what to cook for dinner, wondering if Mikhail was going to be there and if he'd grow tired of her boring cooking. But what could she make for dinner that would be exciting for him? He was used to five star restaurants or having his cook spend hours making something for him that was already warm when he walked into the house. She wasn't sure she was up to the challenge of competing with that.

She hated cooking anyway, had never liked the chore. And evening cooking on a weekday was the worst! Most of her meals were raw fruits and vegetables with some sort of lean meat, usually chicken with different spices or simmering sauces because they were fast, easy and relatively nutritious. Now she had to struggle with something she couldn't even comprehend competing with...a gourmet chef and creative housekeeper!

As she negotiated traffic, she realized she was worrying about dinner for no reason. He probably wasn't going to be done with whatever he was working on and wouldn't be home in time for dinner anyway. If memory served, when Mikhail was discussing business with his deputies, they generally worked late into the evenings. An early night for him had been seven o'clock with dinner being served about eight o'clock, cocktails or wine before then. She smiled as she turned right into her neighborhood, remembering curling up with him with a glass of incredibly good wine and listening to him tell her about his day, answering questions about her day and hearing him give her advice on some of the trickier legal questions. She'd always been amazed that, even though he didn't have a law degree, he knew so much about not just the American legal system, but also about the European and Asian countries as well, since his corporation was global.

As she pulled into her driveway, she noticed a large, metallic looking bag sitting on her stoop. She had no idea what it could be and she negotiated the icy sidewalk carefully, keeping Victoria behind her as she approached.

"What is it momma?" her daughter asked, peeking between Kristen's legs.

"I'm not sure, honey." She pulled her cell phone out and was about to call Mikhail when a dark Range Rover drove down their short street, pulling into their driveway.

"It's daddy!" Victoria screamed excitedly and hurried down the driveway as quickly as she could without slipping.

Mikhail was smart enough to stop far away from his daughter who was rushing to greet him. He put the car in park and lifted her onto his lap, then let her steer the last few feet into the driveway. Victoria was in heaven as she snuggled on her father's lap, feeling very tall and important.

"Got any enemies?" Kristen asked when he was next to her on the sidewalk.

"Of course. Why?"

Kristen's shivering increased as he stopped an inch away from her and she could smell his scent. He was spicy and male and she wanted to lean her head against his hard chest and simply inhale for a long moment to regroup from a crazy day.

She refrained, not sure what their status was. Or even if they had a status.

"Because there is a strange package on my front stoop."

Mikhail glanced over to the front door, his eyes worried until he realized what was there. With a chuckle, he leaned down and kissed her on her forehead. "That's not a bomb," he said quietly, then stepped around her to pick up the metallic bag. "It's dinner."

He then plucked her keys out of her hand and unlocked the door, carrying Victoria inside and winking at a stunned Kristen.

She followed him inside, the warmth hitting her like a soft wave and she closed the door quickly to keep the heat inside and the freezing temperatures outside.

"What do you mean 'it's dinner'?" she demanded as she shed several of the layers of outer garments, tossing gloves and scarves into the plastic bin by the door that tried to handle all those things.

"I mean..." he said as he unzipped Victoria's jacket, "I hired a service to come each day to deliver dinner."

Kristen wasn't sure why, but she was suddenly offended by the idea of him hiring someone to cook. "So are my dinners so bad that you can't stand them? I know they aren't gourmet meals, but maybe you could use a few simple things in your life. Not everything has to be perfect, you know."

Mikhail stood up, one eyebrow raised. He glanced down at Victoria who was listening avidly to the brewing argument. "Why don't you go wash up for dinner, cupcake."

Victoria left, but only because he called her by her new nickname, which she loved. Otherwise, her personality was too curious to leave something she wanted to hear.

As soon as she disappeared into the bathroom, Mikhail turned to her and stepped closer. "What's going on?" he asked softly.

Kristen tried to step around him but even pushing against his shoulders didn't get him to move. "I just get really irritated when you do things like this?"

"Like what? Like arranging for someone else to do something you hate doing?"

"How do you know I hate cooking?"

"Because you told me once. You'd walked in after a difficult day when your boss was yelling at you for something and you walked into the family room, took a sip of wine and said how nice it was to not have to figure out what to cook." He sighed and leaned down a bit. "I'm not trying to take over, Kristen. I'm just trying to make things easier for you. I have the means to do this, why not let the service cook? I've given them specific instructions on what you don't like and they know how old Victoria is so they're going to ensure that the food is kid friendly, but still something healthy. What's the harm?"

Kristen sighed and leaned against the wall, closing her eyes and shaking her head. "There's nothing wrong."

"Then what's this fight about?"

A tear slipped from her closed eye despite her attempts to stop it. "You weren't here for breakfast."

"And that's a problem?"

She sniffed and shook her head. "I just...I don't know what to expect from you. I don't know if you're going to be here or if you have a business meeting or if you're going to actually even show up."

Understanding dawned in his eyes and his lips compressed. "I'm not going anywhere. In fact, this morning was a meeting to get my headquarters moved here."

Her eyes sprung open and she gasped. "You're moving you're whole company here? To Minneapolis?"

"My meeting was with the mayor and the governor to discuss the idea."

Her heart sank and she looked away. "So you're just exploring the idea. I see."

"No, you don't see. I'm definitely moving my entire operation here so I can be with you and Victoria. I'm not going anywhere. "

"Bu you just said..."

"I told the governor and mayor that I was considering the idea. If I'm moving potentially my entire headquarters office here, which would include about ten thousand people just for the headquarters operation, I want some major tax incentives. I want them to assure me that the infrastructure will be available for my companies' needs and that people can get in and out of the airport."

"Minneapolis is a major hub for several airlines," she said, excitement growing at the idea that he might really be moving here.

"Yes. But I'm not going to let them know that it's definite until I can get them to give me the incentives I want."

For the first time all day, her stomach unknotted and a smile started to form on her face. "So you're really thinking about it?"

"I'm not thinking about anything. It's going to happen. And by the way, you're going to have to move." He pushed away from the wall and picked up the metallic bag, walking into the kitchen.

"Move?" she asked, her stomach churning once again as she tried to understand this new chain of events. "Why would I move?"

"Because I can't sleep in that tiny bed of yours, and that bedroom wouldn't be able to fit a bigger bed." He had his back turned to her while he took containers out of the bag and set them on the table.

"Um...we haven't agreed that you will be sharing the house with us."

He turned around, determination in his eyes as he said, "We will be a family, Kristen. Have no doubt about that."

"There are many fathers who don't live with their families."

He was grim and took the step that had him towering over her. "I will not be one of those fathers. We will live together. You are my wife and that's my daughter. You still feel the same way about me and we'll work out whatever issues you have and everything will be fine."

She stared at his back once again, her mind sifting through the words he'd just said to her. After a long moment where he was absolutely still, his back tense as his hands braced against the counter, she said, "Your father wasn't there for you, was he?"

She saw his stiff back straighten out suddenly with her words. "My father doesn't matter. What matters is how we raise Victoria."

She stepped closer and tentatively touched his back. He jerked and she pulled her hand away quickly but she wasn't going to let the subject drop. "It matters, Mikhail. You're a strong, powerful man and I'm glad that you want to be a good father to Victoria. Especially since you..." she struggled to figure out what he'd said, to read between the lines and hear what he wasn't saying, "...you didn't have a father at all, did you?"

"Everyone has a father."

"But you never met yours." She didn't need to ask anymore. She finally understood. At least she thought she did.

He was quiet for a long time before he shook his head. "Never."

"Did your mother ever talk about him? Tell you stories about how they'd met or what he was like?"

She watched as a muscle flexed in jaw. "Never."

She couldn't understand how that was possible. She thought about it, but he was finished with the conversation. "As I was saying, I will be here for Victoria." He turned to face her, leaning down so his face was only an inch from her own. "I will not abandon the two of you and we're going to give this a chance."

She looked up at him, intimidated despite herself. But as she looked into his eyes, she realized that he wasn't just demanding. His words were a demand. But there was a question in his eyes. Beyond a question actually. He was begging her. There was a need so deep and powerful in his eyes that she couldn't speak for a moment.

There wasn't anything else she could say except, "Okay."

She saw him visibly relax a moment before he stepped back and finished unpacking the bag.

Victoria danced into the kitchen a moment later and her excitement over having her father back home broke the tension. They were able to sit down for dinner at the tiny table to a fresh salad, marinated green beans and roasted chicken with some sort of herbs that tantalized. For dessert there was a small, perfectly warm apple pie and Kristen sat back, feeling full but somehow still offended that Victoria couldn't stop talking about how good the chicken was.

Mikhail noticed and winked. "Don't be offended. I'll eat your meals anytime you want to cook."

She sighed and pushed back her chair. "You're right. I hate cooking during the week and it was very nice to come home and not have that kind of pressure."

"Do you have to work tonight?"

She glanced at the clock and realized it was barely even seven o'clock. "Not really."

The doorbell rang and a moment later, her sister swung the front door open along with her two kids, rushing into the house and tossing their coats into a corner before pulling out the bins of toys.

Mikhail waved to Debbie as she rushed by the kitchen doorway, trying to catch her youngest who had decided it was a good idea to bring icicles into the house. "Debbie is coming over with the kids to watch Victoria."

Kristen laughed and shook her head. "How did you..."

"I called her earlier today to arrange it. Will you come with me for about an hour?"

He drove them three blocks over and pulled into a driveway that had been completely cleared of snow, unlike several of the other houses in her neighborhood, including her own, that was cleared of the majority of the snow, but still had a layer of mashed ice along the bottom in several places.

"Mikhail, I don't really feel like socializing tonight," she said.

"We're not socializing," he said and stepped out, coming around to open her car door for her.

"Then why..." she started to say but he just took her hand and pulled her down the dark sidewalk.

He pulled out a key and opened the front door, revealing a gorgeous entryway with large windows and beautiful marble floors. "This house is only two miles from your mom's house and closer to your sisters' houses than the one you currently have. It has six bedrooms and seven bathrooms with a full basement. There's also a small house in the back for a housekeeper but you can use it as a guest house if you'd prefer."

"I don't want you to buy me a house."

"I'm buying it for us."

She was stunned by that announcement and took a deep breath. "It's too big for three people. It would be ridiculous for us to live in such a huge house." That was a silly response since the penthouse he owned in Manhattan was twice this size, not including the yard. "And a housekeeper? Why would we need a housekeeper? I've been able to maintain my house ever since Victoria was born."

He pulled her around and wrapped his arms around her waist. "I'm hoping that there won't be just Victoria," he said and watched her face as she absorbed what he was saying.

She walked through the rooms, one by one, impressed with the windows and openness of the house. "Give me one good reason to start over," she said, turning to face him. "And it can't be because of Victoria."

He had been leaning against the doorway to the living room but at her challenge, he walked forward until the two of them were standing in the middle of the room. Looking down at her, he said simply, "Because you still love me."

Kristen's breath caught in her throat and she wondered how he had figured that out. She hadn't decided to ignore his claim, or lie and deny it, when she heard herself say, "Of course I do."

She saw his eyes light up and she knew she'd said the right thing. "But that's not a good reason."

He nodded and pulled her closer. With her head resting on his chest and her warm breath tickling his neck, he considered his words carefully. "I never admitted to anyone else that my father wasn't around when I was a kid."

Kristen held her breath, feeling as if he were going to open up to her. She didn't want to spoil it with words.

"But it's more than that. My mother was so poor she could barely afford food for us, and she died when I was just a kid."

"You were an orphan?" she asked softly.

"I guess you could say that. I wasn't in an orphanage, if that's what you mean."

"I'm not sure I understand."

She felt his arms tighten around her a moment before he said, "I grew up on the streets. Orphanages were pretty tough places, worse than the streets so I learned to survive."

Kristen felt her arms go around his waist, her heart aching for the child he should have been. "How did you learn to fix cars?"

He chuckled softly. "I don't know how to fix them. I know how to steal them. I had to learn the tricks of getting them started without a key, Kristen."

She shivered and held him more tightly. "I'm guessing you were pretty good at it."

He shrugged. "It got me food and a place to live for the winter months."

"And the summer months?"

"We had to hide out in different places then. Summer was when the police tried to do the sweeps."

"What's a 'sweep'?"

"A crackdown, where they would round up all the street kids and haul them in for questioning, charging them with petty crimes just to keep the crime rate down."

"Why didn't they do it during the winter months? At least you would have had a warm place to sleep."

"Winter was too cold for the police to hunt down the street criminals. They weren't that ambitious. Anything that could wait until warmer months was pushed off."

She thought about that for a long moment before she hugged him. "That's why you hate the cold so much."

"Da." Even that was an amazing sound since he'd never spoken Russian to her. Just saying "yes" in Russian made her feel warm and fuzzy inside, an indication that he was revealing more of himself.

She considered her next words carefully, wondering why she was going head first into a relationship with a man who could barely commit to being home for dinner much less explaining his feelings for her. And then she realized that, in him telling her about his past, he was trusting her with something he'd never told another living soul.

"And you're willing to move here anyway." It was a statement instead of another question. "We don't have to live here. We could live in Florida if that would be easier for you."

She felt his arms tighten around her and knew that she'd said the right thing.

"You need to be close to your family," he said, his voice hoarse with emotions. "I don't want to take you away from that."

"There are plenty of flights to Minneapolis."

He looked down at her, shaking his head. "No. This is who you are. And as long as I have you and Victoria, the world is a much warmer place."

She smiled brightly up at him. "I love you too," she said.

"Ya tebya lyublyu," he replied with his deep, sexy voice. "I love you," he translated.

"Ya tebya lyublyu," he replied with his deep, sexy voice. "I love you," he translated.

